Pepper sunk down into the corner booth at a diner they both frequented, pulling him down beside her. “Tonight? What’s tonight?”
“Fear of a name increases fear of a thing itself.” Rogers quoted with a smug grin, leaving Tony gaping next to him.
As promised, the next time he opened his eyes, Natasha and Sam were gone, replaced with Clint and Bruce. Rather than either of them sharing his space on the bed, they must have elected to drag another chair into the room.
They both hesitated, so Clint stepped forward, “Hey, I’m not going to let anything else happen to you, okay? I’m going to need both of you to trust us. Can you do that?”
Wow, the reaction to last week's chapter was incredible, thank you! It makes me feel a bit nervous for this one...I know y'all were looking forward to the reunion, but a bit more backstory from Bucky's POV was needed.
Tony groaned obscenely, earning him a blush from a girl walking by. “You have no idea. Somehow his friends always knew when I was even
Tony squirmed in bed so that his back was resting against the wall and took the offered hand. “Don’t believe everything you hear.” Tony shot him a quick wink before furrowing his brow and turning to Bucky. “And Barnes, don’t you know that it’s impolite to watch people sleep? Creepy might actually be the word I’m looking for.”
Big thanks to my beta @MugiwaraLexi!
If asked about it, Steve would have a hard time remembering every detail after that. After ensuring that the girls were safe, he could only recall seeing a haze of red. Looking back, Steve thought that maybe this incident was the first time he ever really fully switched into the “Captain” persona. Of course, at this point in time he never dreamed he would rise to the rank in the army, or lead not one, but two groups of exceptional people under this name, but he felt the shift inside himself all the same.
A churning wrench in his gut told him no. Rogers seemed to live by a moral code of sorts, a twisted one, yes, but it didn’t allow him to kill unnecessarily. Plus, there was Peter to think of. The older man obviously had a soft spot for the kid and had even taken to raising him after his parents were killed. Anyone who could love a child that wasn’t their own so whole-heartedly couldn’t be all bad, could they?
Tony exhaled with a sigh of relief and grinned brightly, shaking the hands of each of the five committee members. He had finally done it, earned his third doctorate degree and completed all of the schooling he wanted. The sense of accomplishment only flitted through his mind briefly before he recalled the encounter with his father and Obie. Damn, even to this day, their favorite thing to do was wrench away any pride he ever hoped to feel.
Clint buzzed in as well. “Coulson will drop an anonymous tip to have medics waiting at Beacon and Dartmouth. We’ll get them far enough then disappear.”
And now he finds out that the man who was responsible for his best friend’s revival was
. “I mean, if it will help you sleep at night...that would be great, thanks.”
“Your not just being paranoid!” Steve snapped in a way that had Tony reeling. Steve had never even raised his voice at him before. “I’m trying to protect you, Tony, so I need you to listen to me very carefully.” He must have taken in the hurt expression on Tony’s face, because the hard lines marring his handsome features softened and he stepped forward and cupped his cheeks. “Sweetheart, I love you. I’m asking you to trust me right now, okay? Please, put on your shoes, follow me out to my truck, and I’ll take you back to my place. You’ll finally get to meet my friends. You’ve been wanting to do that, right?”
Stane writhed against Bucky, his screams muffled by the gag. But there was nobody that could save him now that the Avengers were finally taking their revenge.
“What’s this about, Captain?” Natasha stepped forward with a perfectly popped brow.
“I kind of get the feeling that’s not just you bragging.” Steve huffed. “So, where am I taking you?”
“Maybe a little,” Tony admitted. “But honestly I don’t mind all that much,” he shrugged, the smirk never leaving his lips. “I’m into it.”
He hovered slightly over the bed, and Tony gave his chest a little push so that he would back up a few steps. “I’m fine, Underoos, and how many times have I told you to call me Tony?” He jutted his chin out towards the two Avengers. “Are these guys giving you a hard time?”
Tony’s stomach dropped, and he squeezed his eyes tightly shut as a rush of embarrassment flared across his cheeks. He should have expected something like this. Howard was a grade-A dickwad, it shouldn’t have come as a surprise that he would have gone to such lengths to make sure that Tony suffered, even if he wasn’t there to deal it out himself.
Enjoy!
Thanks for reading so far. I'd love to hear what you think of this story. It encourages me to finish strong!
Tony’s knees almost gave out at the huskiness of Steve’s voice, but his boyfriend held him up tightly. He swallowed past a dry lump in his throat and tried to fight against all of the blood rushing south at the idea of
31,536,000 seconds.
It only lasted about two hours before the screaming started.
It was Steve’s turn to cut him off, but this time by pressing his lips against Tony’s, sucking the breath right out of him. “Sweetheart, I’m not sure if you remember this, but I didn’t even know your last name was actually Stark until the night before the attack. But,” he added hurriedly, seeing Tony’s shoulders slump in defeat, “Even if I did, it wouldn’t have changed how I feel about you.”
Thanks to my beta @MugiwaraLexi :)
Steve cut him off with a searing kiss, plundering his tongue into Tony’s mouth and grinding Tony’s hips down onto his mounting erection. “Oh fuck, Tony, I love you too. I love you so much, sweetheart.”
“I do want you, Tony.” Steve implored.
He closed the distance between them by a few feet with a long stride, narrowing his eyes in consideration. “Was it true what you said earlier?” Tony was a scientist at heart, and in order to move forward, he needed all of the variables.
Tony moved to push himself up into a seated position, but Clint was there in an instant helping him put his back against the wall. “Thanks,” Tony offered with a smile, “I’m feeling alright. Glad to see you’re okay.”
“Mr. Stark, please remember that you are on bed rest for another week.” The nurse implored, her eyes wide with exasperation. “If you have to come back to have your stitches re-sutured, Dr. Selvig is not going to be happy.”
P.S. who else loves Parks and Rec? I loved it when Chris and Ben joined the show.
Bucky when Steve announced that he didn’t want the Avengers meeting Tony just yet. He wanted to kiss the man who had gotten Steve back to his old self. To the version of himself that laughed at stupid jokes, didn’t say no to weekly movie nights, and wrapped an arm around Bucky’s shoulders before shoving his fist into his hair for a noogie.
(08/02 Story clean up )
“Will do. Love you too, Tony.”
Tony’s shoulders slumped before Thor clapped a large hand across them. “Come now, I will escort you back to the Captain’s home.”
Thankfully, he didn’t offer much resistance. Steve set him back down onto the closed toilet seat lid and dried off any remaining water droplets. He grabbed the small container from the countertop and began applying the ointment to Tony’s scars and stitches, then carefully wrapped his wounds with new bandages. After that, it didn’t take long to put Tony’s sweatpants and a new t-shirt on before guiding him to the bedroom.
Please enjoy this chapter, it's one of my favorites so far!
As they opened up the sedan’s doors to step in, Natasha came sprinting out of the warehouse and knocked on the hood of the car with an open palm. “Wait!”
“You survived, of course, and had your mother in fits. They were both becoming insufferable, and had finally decided to welcome you back, with open arms.” He spat the words, as if it left a rotten taste in his mouth. “I tried to convince them otherwise, but they wouldn’t hear of it. So I had to put my undue influence to good use. If Howard was going to try and change the will, you needed
Well, fuck. Steve could have said literally anything else and Tony would have clawed at his throat, demanding an explanation. But no, Steve was asking Tony to
Steve pushed a little harder. “How tall would you say he was? What color hair, if he had hair at all? Did he have anything in his hands?”
“The essentials.” He said as a way of explanation. Tony didn’t want to have to explain that eighty percent of his paycheck goes to his shitty rent, so he had to live on the rest.
The Avengers didn’t know it yet, but Tony was out for revenge, and he planned to do it by making sure his new friends were outfitted with everything they needed to make the inner circle at Stark Industries pay for what they did to Tony. He already had plans for a new, more durable and aerodynamic shield for Steve, a weaponized bow and explosive arrows for Clint, a deadly electric baton for Natasha, a set of wings for Sam, and fixing Bucky’s monstrosity of a metal arm. Seriously, that thing needed a thorough cleaning and an upgrade. Plus, Tony needed to have a nice sit down chat with Thor and figure out his weapon of choice. He deserved nice things too.
Tony shook his head, the stunning grin still plastered across his face. “No please, the ride was enough. I’ll see you tomorrow, okay? I’m in apartment three-B, if you uh, want to pick me up there.”
His team and the Maximoff twins shuffled out of his way quickly, the thunderous expression on his face enough to send anyone reeling backwards. He stormed towards the front entrance with Bucky on his heels, who grabbed a set of keys from the rack. His best friend held them up with a nod. “I’ll drive.”
. Steve would be okay with his last name...right?
Steve swallowed heavily. “Are you sure you want in on this? You know what it means once we go after him, right?”
Thanks again to everyone who has followed this story! Every kudos/comment/message has given me the encouragement to FINISH this story and do right by the characters.
Thoughts? Feelings?
Zemo’s eyes widened and his lips parted in disbelief. “No-no!
“We’ve got two problems.” She answered neutrally, which Steve surmised meant that she was having trouble figuring out which to report first.
I hope you like this chapter. A big thanks to my beta @MugiwaraLexi
Steve’s jaw twitched at the show of blatant insubordination. “I gave my order, and you’ll follow it. I will always put your well-being first, and making sure you are safe and protected, as well as prepared for your defense tomorrow is part of that.”
Or at least, that’s what would have happened if the truck hadn’t T-boned them going sixty miles an hour.
Rhodes shook Steve’s hand, making him promise to call him if anything else happens, and to give him daily updates on Tony’s well-being. Pepper flung her arms around his neck and kissed him firmly on the cheek, letting him know that she would come by to check up on Tony over the next few days. Tony grumbled at her, warning her to keep her perfectly manicured hands off of his boyfriend.
“Well aren’t you just a ray of sunshine, Bruciebear?” He mused with a smirk. “Anyway, I’m suggesting that we move this hostage party to my lab. You can still watch me from there, Steve was going to spend the day with me and work on his own stuff anyway. You can too. This way, we can both actually be productive, and Steve won’t mind the change of venue.”
Bruce noticed that he was awake and his eyes softened behind his glasses. “Tony, hi. How are you feeling?”
Tony cut off her twenty-questions by ramming into her full force with a hug, careful not to spill any of the wine. “Pep...I’m in love. He’s perfect. And he likes me. And he’s perfect.”
They turned towards one another, lowering their voices so that they wouldn’t be overheard. “What are we supposed to do?”
“Pet, when your entire life is based on taking everything with force, it’s hard to react in a different way. Especially if someone is taking away a pleasure you really desire. Don’t provoke me again.”
Tony nodded again, then flopped back down onto the couch and watched Steve and his friends walk out the door. When the lock clicked, Sam and Bruce stood in the living room awkwardly while Tony pouted.
A choked off strangled sound escaped from Tony’s throat. “Wha-”
“What? He barely has enough to pay for-”
The archer drew back two of his arrows, let out a silent breath, and let them fly. Seconds later, the guards dropped heavily to the cobbled street, arrows embedded between their eyes. Sam walked straight past them, opening up the side door just in time for Clint to swoop in next to him. They stuck close together in the darkened corridor, weapons drawn. A door sat at the end of it, and with a slight tug Sam confirmed it was locked. The archer grasped the handheld device Tony gave them before their mission and deposited above the handle. Within seconds, it gave a slight beep and the lock clicked open.
Tony shrugged in acceptance and hopped out of the truck once Thor put it in park. He shouldered his backpack, and frowned at Thor when he turned off the ignition and got out as well. “Where are
. This was bad. Bucky had seen Steve wipe out men without a second thought because of an illegal sex ring, had watched him beat the life out of Johann Schmidt because he blew off Bucky’s arm, but he didn’t think he had ever seen his best friend
“But Tony-“
He ran his fingers absently as he checked off his mental list. “I need someone to call Tony’s friends, Pepper Potts and James Rhodes. Now that he’s woken up, they’re going to want to see him, and it will make him happy too. It also gives us a chance to get Tony’s key from Pepper, which I’m going to need you to use to get into his apartment.” Steve grimaced, tightening his jaw in Bucky’s direction. “I’m not ready to leave his side, and I’m damn well sure not leaving him alone, even if it’s just in his place when he’s feeling better.”
sorry about that. Kind of. lol. See you next Monday!
Her answering delighted squeal told him he did something right. When he sat her feet back down on the ground, she clung to his biceps, which were finally filling out again after a few weeks being confined to a bed. “You didn’t hurt yourself doing that, did you?”
Tony popped a brow and subtly tried to move in his seat. No luck, Stane had tied him to a chair with his arms forced behind his back. “Then maybe you shouldn’t have used such a large dose of chloroform. You want my kidneys to get fucked up?”
He kept his eyes lowered as he sauntered forward, stepping carefully and slightly baring his neck until he reached the wall of muscle in front of him. Tony reached a finger up to trace the buttons on Rogers’ black shirt, careful not to actually touch the skin while popping open the first two with delicious intent.
“Paranoid? Explain.”
“Steve, Steve, Steve, wake up! Wake up!” Tony burst, pushing up against his boyfriend’s arm where it was hanging off the side of the bed.
Steve didn’t so much as glance at the others, choosing rather to direct all of his attention onto Tony. Under normal circumstances, that heated gaze would have shot right down to his cock, but this was different. Tony was challenging Steve in a way he hadn’t before.
“I don’t know about that, Tony. I might be on Sam’s side on this one. A sentient toaster might be crossing the line.” The man in question answered from his spot leaning against the doorframe, smirking fondly.
The prodding continued until it somehow managed to get tangled into the back of his thin hoodie, so that when the bot rolled backwards, it took Tony with it. He landed on the floor with a harsh thud, spitting out curses wildly and pushing himself back onto his feet. Tony shot Dum-E a look of pure disdain, muttering promises to sell him to a community college, before checking his watch. Just past six, excellent. That meant that the money was finally deposited into his account, and he could buy some actual groceries at the store.
He held up the bag that contained a box of Fruity Pebbles. “I went to the store. We finished off the last box a few days ago.”
The whole ordeal couldn’t have lasted longer than ten minutes, because the rest of the Avengers pulled up behind them as soon as they got Thor inside. Bruce hopped out of their car with his medical bag and scurried in behind Thor.
decided to raise the prices? Usually, he just saved money by making the shitty stuff at home, only letting himself indulge in the coffeeshop every other Monday, but he couldn’t stock back up on the bare essentials at the store until he got paid later that evening.
Steve grimaced, scratching at the back of his neck sheepishly. “I-yes. I’m, I’m sorry. Your safety is important to me...I get a little carried away with it sometimes.”
“You know I can fix that, right?” All three sets of eyes snapped to his, and Peter flung himself onto his feet.
“I was chosen as the head of this family after my father’s death. It’s not what I wished for. I had no choice.”
Clint’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion, but he must have sensed the importance of the question. “I only tailed him for a week, Cap. I tracked his movements, kept an eye out for who he talked to, and memorized his routine. Tony Carbonell attends his doctoral classes twice a week for three hours, teaches an undergrad course on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays at eleven a.m., and spends any free time he has either at his apartment or in the University’s engineering lab. The only people he was in contact with during that week were Virgina Potts, an associate, Peter Parker, a student he’s tutoring, and you, Boss.”
Suddenly, Steve found a new muse.
That broke Tony out of his cuddling spell. He leaned back, eyes wide in amusement. “He what?”
. This was the
His statement was so absolute, so devoid of hesitation that Tony suddenly had to fight off a swell of hot tears. His chest fluttered with gratitude, and he was pleased when there wasn’t a twinge of pain at the warm intrusion. No one had
His team surrounded the car, waiting for their orders.
Tony, Steve’s sweet, innocent,
until last month.”
“Because obviously whatever happened to you has something to do with Hydra, and…” Tony trailed for a moment before continuing. “And it was probably during the time frame where I was still trying to please my father, so you probably suspect that it was one of my weapons that did this to you.”
Steve folded his hands in front of him and nodded, considering the team around him before speaking. The
Pepper rolled her eyes. “Camera ready. Now let’s go, those reporters won’t wait out there all day.”
The piece had straps that hooked around his shoulders, brushing across his nipples in a way that brought them to attention with a shiver. His cock was cradled beautifully, stretched out inside of the material. Tony had a sudden desire to take a picture. He ran his fingers along the long lines of the straps, staring at himself in the mirror and wondering if it was actually appealing, or if it was all in his head.
Happy Monday! For those of you who've subscribed to this story, 1) THANK YOU! and 2) Sorry for all of the notifications this morning, there were a few minor clean-ups in previous chapters I wanted to make.
way, nervous, maybe? Scared? No, that’s not the right word. Anyway, I didn’t start feeling like
He was mildly irritated that Rogers had ordered for his things to be tampered with, but it was swallowed up by pure elation at having his phone back. Tony picked it up and threw himself onto the bed, contemplating what exactly he wanted to do. Would he tell Pepper what happened? Would she even realize?
His date snorted, covering up his mouth. “I can’t even begin to imagine you skinny. Are you shitting me right now?”
“Good work.” The Captain praised with a tilt of his head. “Widow, I want you on the west warehouse. Borrow a van and fill it with anything and everything you can find, documents detailing the finances, lists of trade partners, any and all cash and valuables in the vaults that are sure to be there. Take out anyone who gets in your way.”
Steve looked up to see Tony looking at him with an unreadable expression. He brought his shaking hands up to cup Steve’s face, calloused fingers tracing his jaw line. “
Tony forced his eyes open, wincing at the increasing light streaming through the hospital windows. “M’mf.” A deep chuckle answered him, and Tony burrowed his way closer into Steve’s side, gasping when the movement made his chest feel like it was splitting open again.
to stay behind this time. On campus.”
. Before finding out that he was the Captain, there had always been an undercurrent of
goodbye makeout session with Steve (holy heaven on EARTH than man knows how to use his tongue), he slumped against the frame and sighed in complete and utter bliss.
Tony’s stomach bottomed out, and he gritted through clenched teeth. “Know
But Tony wasn’t listening. Instead, he pushed himself up so that he was sitting, rubbing a hand across his neck to try and chase away the feeling. “Do you feel that?”
Steve was silent again, until he sat up straight, somehow absorbing all of the authority in the room, commanding attention and looking impossibly bigger. Out of the corner of Tony’s eye, he could see a handful of other patrons shifting uncomfortably once they noticed it as well. “Tony, that hoodie is practically hanging off of you. If I touched you, I bet that I could feel your ribs, meaning you aren’t eating enough. And judging by the incident at the register, you are barely getting by on whatever the university pays you to teach. And when you do spend it, it’s on coffee, not food, which means you need it to stay awake. That, combined with the circles forming under your eyes leads me to believe you aren’t sleeping either. So no, I don’t believe you are taking care of yourself properly.”
“I wanted to shut down the experiment immediately. It was too dangerous on so many levels, and the government’s end goal was to use the potential serum on
what was coming for him.
” A rasped whimper fell from his lips, and he flailed across the bed, threatening to burst through another round of stitches when his arm struck the hand railing.
“You’ve gotta be fuckin’ with me. Zemo?” He asked incredulously, brow furrowed.
Tony’s grin was blinding. He reached over the table, hit the enter key, and took a step backwards. “JARVIS, you up, buddy?”
As much as Tony wanted to simply refuse again, tell Steve that he could handle the entire fight just fine throughout the night and then go in prepared for his defense, he couldn’t. Tony needed to perform well so that he could finish out his third doctorate, which would be the last stepping stone to graduating and starting his own company. The plan for his future was riding on tomorrow, and getting rest before hand would be important. “Fine, I’ll have a bedtime, and I’ll even let Thor babysit for the time being.”
“Uh, yeah,” she scoffed, shrugging a bit. “intimacy is all about being open and honest about what you want, right?. Steve seems like the kind of guy that will do whatever it takes to keep you happy. Am I wrong?”
Tony leaned in, his elbow on the table and a fond expression on his face. Steve’s chest warmed at the knowledge that that look was directed at him. “Bucky has been with me since I was scrawny. I got into a lot of fights as a kid, and couldn’t actually hold my own. He was my muscle until I gained my own. Then he just became my partner in crime.”
Turns out, Stevie like their story.
“It’s time to redress your wounds, come on.”
He fought down the embarrassment and frustration of the last thirty minutes and braced himself against the cold.
“Those maggots? The Avengers?” Monocle Man demanded, taking a step towards Tony.
.” Steve moved back to his feet and kissed the love of his life gently, then pulled him up as well so that he could tug his sweatpants down until they hit the tile. He followed this by pulling off the bandages across Tony’s arms and chest, depositing them into the small trash can.
Tony blinked, utterly and completely blown away. After seeing the Avengers in action back at the Hydra base, he thought he couldn’t be surprised anymore. Turns out, he had just been dying, and that tended to skew his ability to perceive and understand things correctly.
“The Soldier is right,” The Captain confirmed, standing up and lifting his shield off of his back, fingering the edges. “Twelve years ago, I told you exactly what would happen if you laid a hand on another dame, and what do you do? Head up a sex trafficking operation. So now we’re here, we found you. It’s time to answer for your crimes, Baron Zemo.”
Tony’s laughter was airy and happy, and he tugged more incessantly. “Come on, Cap, get your ass up and out of bed. I want to you to be the first person to see my final project!”
Harley pinched the bridge of his nose and squatted down beside Steve and the girl who was still working on getting Thor to open his eyes. “I don’t...Ugh!” He grunted in frustration and closed his eyes, trying to think back. They snapped open and Harley shook his head. “No, he didn’t have hair. It was a dark suit.”
Tony watched as Steve nodded, then drew himself into his Captain persona. It was the strangest thing, watching the stilted air around them bend to his influence, and the Avengers respond in turn. Each one of them dropped their joking demeanor and settled in for battle. “Avengers, ready?”
“You look…”
He didn’t even have to think about it. “About the Avengers. I know Steve’s backstory, and a little bit of Bucky’s from what Steve’s mentioned, but I don’t know about the rest of you guys.”
When Tony awoke again, the pain had eased somewhat. The walls around him were a rusted grey with honest to god lampposts hanging every few feet. The warm blaze was easier on his eyes than the fluorescent lights. His brain was unfocused and muddled.
(See the end of the chapter for
in the state of New York was more respected than Steve’s great-grandfather.
He furrowed his brow as he glanced over at his best friend. “What’s that supposed to mean, Buck?”
“Then you should tell him that.”
Tony grinned good naturedly and gave her a two finger salute from his wheelchair. “Message received, Darcy. I’ll make sure to keep my wild sexapades to a minimum until I’m all healed up.”
There was no denying the spike of hurt that struck Tony’s heart at hearing that his godfather didn’t care if he lived or died. “Then why am I still alive?”
“I think I should be the one asking that question.” Steve mumbled into the young genius’ hair. “When do you present?” He set him down, but kept his arms snaked around Tony’s waist, fingers dipping just along the waistline of his jeans.
, and he couldn’t let that stand.
Sam gave him a shaky grin, swallowing heavily. “I’m good, man. I just...I just wanted to say that I’m-“
Their target clutched at his neck and tried to squirm away, but the Soldier caught the back of Zemo’s hair with a sharp yank in his metal grip, tight and unescapable.
And then Steve came into his life. Steve showed him what it was like to love another person with every bone in your body and every fiber of your being that the rest of the world fell away. The kind of love that makes your toes curl from just the sweetness of a simple kiss, the kind that pushes all insecurities and fear and worries out the door with a promise you know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, will be kept.
“Exactly! My best friend would rather sweat his balls off in the middle of a desert and eat sardines from a can than live with me!”
Tony sucked in a steadying breath and raised his own sharp gaze to Steve’s. “Make. Him. Pay.”
Tony flashed him a cocky grin. “That’s because you’re almost as smart as me, and I want you on my side when you end up taking over the world.”
“Why would you think I know anything about the Avengers?” He argued hotly, putting on the best show he could by writhing in his restraints. “I didn’t know who they were when they saved me from Hydra,
“Have fun at school, darling. Paint something pretty for me.” Tony winked and blew him a kiss, laughing loudly when Steve rolled his eyes before finally leaving.
She hesitated on the other line, and Tony could imagine her lips stretched into a thin line. “Is this going to make you happy? Because you know that’s all I want.”
She sighed happily, and topped it off with an overdramatic swoon. “Steve is so
After a few minutes, Tony pulled roughly at Steve’s hair. “Stop, stop, Steve,
Tony hesitated again, completely thrown off by the outright generosity of this stranger. Semi-stranger, he guessed, since they’ve met twice now. And dammit, Steve just looked so
After a few minutes, he jerked the steering wheel into a hard left and his jaw clicked. “Fine.”
Well, he couldn’t argue with that. Bruce sighed, and started the trek towards his destination. “I keep telling you guys that I’m not that kind of doctor...oh, and Clint?”
“I believe so, Miss Potts. How do I look?” He gave a little twirl and winked at her.
.” Steve insisted, his voice suddenly harsh and unrelenting. “It was not your fault that you got kidnapped, Tony.
Tony blinked, attention back on Steve. “You...want to spend more time with me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Eyes still closed, his fingertips dug more insistent into his temples, slightly relieving the pressure that had built up. It wasn’t enough though. Tony needed some caffeine in his system if he had any hope of making it through the day without tearing the heads off of one of his students for so much as
Steve frowned, still trying to figure out the answer to that question. What did he see in Tony to think he could be part of the Avengers? And maybe it wasn’t even that, maybe Steve just wanted to be closer to him. The kid was brilliant, that was obvious. Other than that, Steve didn’t know much about him. Hopefully something would come of the intel Clint would be gathering.
Pepper purses her lips. “And why not?”
Steve slotted his shield into place on his back, and snapped a hand to Stane’s newly exposed throat, squeezing it tightly to cut him off. “You have much to answer for tonight, Stane.” He explained with barely contained fury. “But disrespecting what’s
Tony’s eyes snapped towards the floor and he held out the five dollar bill with a shaky hand. The least he could do was try to pay his knight in shining armor back. Instead of taking it though, the man lightly grabbed Tony’s covered forearm and led him out of the growing line and towards an empty table. “Sit. And keep your money.”
Our boys have done it! Officially crossed the threshold into s-e-x.
circumstances. Good to know where he draws the line.”
So, Tony Stark got to work on what he did best. Building weapons. More specifically, a bomb that was included on the list of demands. He was a genius, though, and used the tools he had in front of him to include a biometric scanner in the design. He would build what they asked for, but he would make sure he was the only one able to use it.
“How!” He demanded, pointing his poor excuse for a gun right at Steve. His Steve.
“I…” he thought back, a little confused at how protective Steve was being right now. “It’s nothing, really. It’s stupid.”
“But why would there be chloroform in the building?” She stressed, shaking off the small praise.
“True...but what do you say?”
Tony just flashed him a cocky smile, tasting blood in his mouth.
Alright so I've got some good news...I only have about 4 more chapters to write! So I think this story will end up being about 22 chapters, and around 83K words. I should be finished with it over the next month, so I'm hoping to keep up the double updates!
“I need you to get your medical bag and meet Falcon and I in the alleyway five blocks north.” His voice was insistent and laced with worry.
fault.”
Steve’s hand was wrapped around Tony’s. He lifted and pressed it to his lips, whispering “I love you” over and over again. He didn’t know if Tony could hear him or not, but if he could, Steve wanted Tony to know that he was here, and that he wasn’t going anywhere.
And then they were both suddenly too caught up in the movement of their bodies together to say much else. He writhed on top of Steve, movements erratic and desperate. Steve, the real genius in this relationship, got control of his hands for a moment to reach under to grab handfuls of Tony’s ass and lift them up in one fluid motion. Tony squeaked and wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist, clinging to him without pausing his assault on his boyfriend’s neck. The mixture of lemon-scented soap and the faint hint of sweat swirled around Tony’s tongue, and he nipped a harsh bruise with his teeth, marking Steve as his own.
to Steve, just as much as
being intimate with Steve again. His boyfriend had been so goddamn careful with him these past couple weeks, refusing to touch him until he was healthy again.
“Please,” Stane wrote him off with a flick of his wrist. “I helped
For years the only way to escape the buzzing in his head was to dive into a machine. The endless gears and wires were the perfect distraction for all of the things that he couldn’t make sense of. To be fair, Rogers did provide a workshop for him, complete with Bruce fucking Banner, but…
The dressing room door burst open, and Tony spun around with a snarl. “Get the fuck out!”
Tony blinked, wide in faux confusion, still staring at Steve’s alias. He narrowed his eyes and returned his gaze to Stane. “Why do you care about the Avengers?”
He barely had time to catch Tony before he flung himself into Steve’s arms, clinging to his shoulders and burying his face into the crook of Steve’s neck. “God, I love you. How-how did I even find someone like you?”
Tony groaned and pinched the bridge of his nose, waving towards Steve dismissively. “No, no. I just…” He moved back into his apartment, beckoning Steve to follow. “I need to talk to you about something. Can you come in?”
How fucking hard was it to follow orders? He had trusted them to watch Tony, to
Steve turned Tony’s palm over and rested his lips there. “Then you’ll see me again. Tell me about you, Tony. What did you do before you came to MIT?”
It didn’t take long for Steve to surmise that Tony was a certified genius, and a handsome one at that. He might be thin under the baggy clothes, but his caramel brown eyes were warm, crinkling on the sides when he smiled. Steve found that he couldn’t help grinning back when Tony smiled at him, suddenly wanting to keep it there for as long as possible.
“Nat-” Bruce interjected, his deep voice laced with panic. She furrowed her brow, pulling the flash drive out of the port and bustling out the door towards the van.
“That would be great, thanks.”
She tightened her hold on her brother’s hand. “They will take us back to Sokovia, and we can’t go back.”
Tony almost laughed, if it were even possible in the state of shock he was in. “
They both looked at Harley.
...Did someone ask for the boat scene?
Steve was back, and had realized what a shitty move he had just tried to pull.
As promised, I finished the chapter I was working on a little early, so I thought I'd post this next one to make up for the short Ch. 9.
“I didn’t get a good look at him.” He admitted solemnly, “All I know was that he was in a suit.”
The Winter Soldier glowered at him, blue eyes practically burning a hole straight through his mark. He flexed his metal arm, drawing attention to it. “We’re here to fulfill a promise.”
Turns out Obie was done pretending that this conversation was negotiable. His eyes grew dark and his voice took on a sharpness to it that screamed at Tony to get the hell away from him. “I’m afraid it’s already been decided. Howard is changing his will next week to name you as the sole heir to Stark Industries, but with a few
And yes, I did finish the boat scene (blushes).
But Tony couldn’t seem to hear him. He lashed out harder, his legs coming up to defend himself against some unknown assailant.
I hope you enjoyed this week's chapter! If I can finish off writing chapter 14 this week, then I'm thinking I'll post the next one early as a reward to myself :) No promises, but keep an eye out for it!
“I’m so happy for you, Tony!” She reached down and pressed a light kiss to his temple. “Now can we call Jim?”
“There we go, look at how well you listen.” The balding man with a German accent moved into his field of vision, and Tony automatically leaned away. He was tall enough to appear menacing, and the single eyepiece certainly didn’t do him any favors. He grinned at Tony, but there was no warmth in it. “They told me you would be difficult, but that’s not true, is it?”
“Tony?” The voices sounded far away this time. Garbled. Harsh beeping filled his ears, sending him back to that dirty single hospital bed where they pumped him with enough morphine to fry his brain and then took it all away until he was left with only pain. Everything hurt again, but this time he couldn’t find an anchor. Couldn’t find Steve. Stark white explosions flashed behind his eyelids, and Tony sobbed as it burned.
In which Tony meets some important people
Rogers’ eyes warmed instantly at the mention of the teenager. “Peter is not mine by blood. He is the youngest of the children who were raised here at the compound. His parents died while Avenging my father, and Peter and I both came to the conclusion that he should remain under my care.”
Steve hummed, enjoying the sudden closeness. He kissed the top of Tony’s hair, tightening his grip on his date’s hand. “Don’t worry, I’d do the fighting for the both of us.”
stalk you for a week, and you aren’t even mad?”
Thanks :)
As Steve led him through the door, Tony tried to take in his surroundings and picture Steve living here. It was...not what he expected. There aren’t any pictures on the walls, or anything personal whatsoever to suggest that not one, but three people lived here. A few months ago Steve had told him that he, Bucky, and Sam all lived together, while the rest of his friends all had their own places. They used this place as a “home base” of sorts, though, so a full house was fairly common. As frustrated and annoyed as Tony was, he couldn’t help but feel a little bit of trepidation. He was finally getting to meet his boyfriend’s friends. What if they didn’t like him?
The room was tensely quiet for a few moments before he felt a low rumbling coming from Steve’s chest. “Give him all of the morphine that he needs.” Steve ordered darkly, curling his hand around Tony’s. “Don’t worry about the insurance, I’ll handle any unsettled bills.”
He liked it.
Tony had somehow managed to convince the two that they could wait for Steve in MIT’s engineering lab, and a black F-150 had crashed straight into the left side of the car on the way there. Bruce had been knocked out instantly, but only walked away with a broken collarbone and a fractured wrist while Sam had a few broken ribs and a little internal bleeding that they were able to take care of right away.
Tony just couldn’t sit
Monocle Man leaned back, clapping his clammy hands together. “Now that we understand each other, I would ask that you enjoy the morphine while you can, Mr. Stark. Because tomorrow you’ll get started without the drugs clouding that brilliant mind of yours. I’m sure you’ll be able to handle the pain. After all, what’s one man’s pain to thousands more dead?”
It's official, this story will have 23 chapters plus an epilogue...
“Got it.” He answered, and she could hear his fingers dancing across the keyboard back at the Avenger’s warehouse. “I’ll handle this, you gather up any physical documents you think might be important.”
Bucky shrugged, pulling up to a stoplight. “I’m just saying, where does it all end?”
Bucky shifted in his seat, downing the rest of his beer. “His ma called, Stevie. Wanted to know who the hell I was, and where her son was. I told her that Tony had been in an accident and that he was resting. She wants to see him.”
“Got it in one.” Tony breathed, happy to finally have it all out there. “I started at MIT when I was fifteen. Once I got my undergraduate degree, then my masters, my dad and Obie, Obadiah Stane, tried to get me to come back.” He swallowed past the lump in his throat that always appeared when he talked about this. “But I didn’t want to. I didn’t want to become the Merchant of Death. I had seen how many people were killed from my earlier designs, which were taken without my permission, by the way, and I didn’t want to add to the tally count.”
. The iconic circular shield in his hand confirmed it. “How did you even find us?” The rest of the Avengers fanned out around Steve, and Tony did a double take as he recognized Bucky, Natasha, Clint, and Sam.
He grinned devilishly, bumping their shoulders together. “Hard, rough, and desperate. Like he damn well missed me.”
“Hydra believes they can crawl out of their long buried grave and rise up in Boston. They are wrong. The Captain knows all, and sees all. You won’t give up your superiors, I know your kind too well. But you can pass along a message for me. Tell your boss that the same Captain who ended the Red Skull’s life with his bare hands will do the same to you. Hydra thinks they can regain strength? Regain numbers? They are wrong.”
As if Tony was the last person who needed a lecture on how great JARVIS was, and how dangerous he would be in literally anyone else’s hands. However, Tony didn’t see another option. “I know, Pep. Don’t worry, okay? He’ll be in good hands.”
The associate on Zemo’s left narrowed his eyes, tracking over the metal arm and the shield, then shook his head in furious confusion. “What...what business do you have with the
“Sounds like some kind of kinky foreplay,” Tony pointed out with a slight tilt of his head.
Tony gave him a sheepish smile, and scratched at the back of his neck. “Hi. So that’s Pepper. She’s a menace hell bent on embarrassing me in front of as many people as possible. I tried to push her out the door before you got here, but she insisted on seeing you in person.”
Tony chewed on the bottom of his lip and accepted a glass of water and pain pills Bruce offered him. “I don’t know about that, he’s known the Avengers for much longer than he’s known me.”
I appreciate everyone who has read/followed/commented/given kudos on this story. You're support is WONDERFUL <3
Steve tilted his head as he considered this. “It’s kind of hard to explain. Basically, I get these
“Steve, you know we can watch over him at the apartment, he’ll be okay.”
That sounded nice. Steve could do that. He didn’t want to go anywhere, not really.
Thor felt miserably guilty at letting Stane get the drop on him, but Steve had learned a lot about forgiveness from Tony back when Hydra first got ahold of him. It wasn’t Sam or Bruce’s fault that a few lunatics had crashed into their car, and it wasn’t Thor’s fault that a madman had knocked him upside the head with a brick. If Tony could forgive them, then so could Steve.
A shiver shot down Tony’s spine at the mention of the Soldier. He’s heard horror stories of the Captain’s attack dog for years now, the public’s fear growing with each decapitation and crushed heart dropped off on rival gangs’ and police precinct’s doorsteps.
belonged to
Howard stepped in closer, and although Tony couldn’t smell any alcohol on his breath, the memory of this exact position so many times before, always resulting in a fresh scar somewhere hidden on his body, made his gut churn in disgust. “You hear that? So as soon as you get that degree in your hand, it’s better to just come on home and get back to work. Your momma’s been worried sick about you, boy, and you haven’t even had the decency to pick up the phone to let her know you’re still in one piece. She’s in the car, waiting for me to bring her back news.” Howard scoffed, “Wouldn’t shut up about leaving this to me to handle. Both her and Obie fuckin’ insisted that she come to talk some sense into you, boy. The second you get your papers, you meet us down at the Four Seasons, you hear?”
“Sometimes, we have to make our own luck.”
Clint nodded. “Nat and I compiled a list of Zemo’s associates that we’ve seen go in and out of these three buildings over the last few days. The photos highlighted in blue are the security team, no surprise that they’re all over six foot three and almost three hundred pounds.” He huffed with a annoyed eye roll. “The ones in red we believe are part of his group of evil douchebags, and the people we couldn’t identify are highlighted in green.”
Literally.
Steve let out a thick, husky sigh as Tony pushed his khaki pants down to his knees, giving his boxer-clad erection more room to breathe. He pushed Tony’s clever hands away before they met their mark, and pinned them above his head with a little squeeze. Steve took a shaky breath and leaned down to capture Tony’s lips to slow down their movements. Tony’s tongue delved deep and sensual, taking everything Steve gave him, and he groaned into his mouth.
be grateful for Steve.
“So, what do you actually do?” He asked, leaning back in his chair and crossing his right knee over his left. “Besides drug trafficking, of course.”
for people to reconfirm his worth, but it would be a lie to say that it wasn’t fantastic for his ego. “I’m staying out of it, Rhodeybear, I promise. Besides, Steve is big enough to protect us both if any sort of shit like New York goes down.”
A snort came from behind him. “You do that and I’m not responsible for what these babies cut off.” He snapped the scissors dangerously close to his ear, and Tony laughed out loud. It felt nice to joke around with people again, people who didn’t want anything from him besides his friendship.
“If it's not my fault,” Tony reasoned, “And it’s not their fault, then it sure as hell isn’t your fault.” He wiped at the unshed tears, bringing them closer to lightly kiss his temples. “All of this happened because someone at my company is double dealing. Someone there worked with Hydra, and it’s
The powerful men in the room shouted at one another, making the migraine between Tony’s temples throb unpleasantly. He didn’t think he could last much longer. This demonstration was supposed to be his swan song, but now he wasn’t even sure if he could get through it.
Steve expression darkened. “Nat-”
making weapons for the Avengers. That’s the entire reason why you aren’t with your father’s company anymore, you’re your own person.”
Aaaaand whatever relaxed, comatose state Steve was slipping into shattered, leaving only frustration. “I’m not leaving him, Buck. He’s more important than class.”
how smart Tony was. And he was only twenty years old.
As Steve stepped through the front door to the Avenger’s base of operations, a simple, decent sized condo in Boston, Bucky met him in the hallway with a scowl on his face. “Where the hell have you been?”
, Tony. One of the most powerful mafia bosses in the country. He’s pretty handy with a gun.”
And now, Bucky was enjoying one of the three dozen donuts and kolaches Sam had been roped into buying. The teenagers were shown to the locker rooms where the showers were located, and Nat had even let Wanda use her special shampoo. They looked astronomically better clean with fresh clothes, and although they still had their guard up, both Wanda and Pietro had relaxed a little.
“I am.” And that was that, Tony somehow got the impression that the conversation was no longer open for further discussion. “Say, do you have a ride home?”
However, while the Avengers grew in name and recognition, Steve seemed to lose himself to the “Captain” again. He became more withdrawn, more focused on missions. Art school was put on the back burner, his passion for it dwindling with every passing week.
As always, any and all comments/kudos are really appreciated, and it gives me the encouragement to keep writing :) Thank you again, and I hoped you enjoyed this chapter now that Steve and Tony are finally together <3
“Excuse me!” Tony practically shouted, startling them both. “Please, I’ve been kidnapped! I need help!”
“Hmm.” Tony narrowed his eyes and raised his chin slightly. “Rogers, I’m serious. You want me to accept a year-long declaration, I have the right to know what’s waiting for me, don’t I?”
At the mention of his name, Thor pushed off from the wall, grinning widely, and held out a hand. “Anthony, it’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I have heard much about you from my comrades.”
“Tony? Are you okay?” Steve swore under his breath and tilted his chin up. “Buck, hit the call button. He needs more morphine.”
And then Steve was moving. He rolled off of Tony and out of bed, quickly shucking on underwear and throwing Tony’s clothes at him so that he could do the same. “Get dressed.”
Great, now Tony’s ridiculous imagination had him picturing a dark club packed with people, flashing lights surrounding them while the vents pumped in oxygen like they do in casinos. He imagined Rogers sliding up behind him, his large hands settling possessively on Tony’s hips while his erection ground against Tony’s ass.
FYI, there's a lot going on in the last few chapters. Buckle up!
, rather than the Captain.”
Isn't Peter adorable? Man, I love that kid. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter, I'd love to hear your thoughts!
“Now you’re getting it.” He bopped her on the nose with his index finger and winked. The waitress came over and took their orders, giving them an appraising look before heading back to the kitchen. Tony frowned as he watched her. “She totally thought we were together.”
“For you sir, always.”
He tried to stomp down his embarrassment at having to be rescued like a fucking damsel in distress, sucking in enough air to feign confidence as he spun around, his brain shorting out as he did. At first, all he saw was a very broad, very muscular chest, covered in a tight grey sweater with a navy blue overcoat. His eyes traveled upwards and Tony took a hesitant step back.
She still looked uncertain as she told him, “Sarah.”
That earned him another smile, and Steve took his hand, enjoying the way it fit perfectly with his own. “So, where are we going?”
He checked his surroundings, ten men now dead across the blood-stained tile floor and eight more pouring out of the back room with their own weapons drawn. The Captain did the quick math in his head, and let his shield fly like a deadly boomerang, watching the sickeningly sharp edges slice into four of the men’s tattooed chests and throats as it bounced between them, all while the Soldier held his ground at the Captain’s back, covering him by nailing the remaining marks in the center of their foreheads.
Clint smirked, “Like taking down the bastards who are responsible for Hydra taking you.”
Tony blinked at the note. Oddly enough, the only thing going through his head was ‘holy fuck I got an autograph from Bruce Banner!’
Hope y'all have a great rest of your week! All of the comments and kudos are REALLY appreciated. Seriously, it's my favorite thing in the world and encourages me to keep writing.
, he had been so goddamn
“Shit.”
Thank you to EVERYONE who has commented/given kudos to this story. I know I've said it before, but I'll say it again. I really appreciate everything, and it gives me the encouragement to keep writing :)
The air turned tense again, and Steve nodded somberly. “Yes. I needed to get you back here, and double check with Clint that he hadn’t gone against my orders. If you felt someone watching you, I trusted your instincts.”
Like it or not, this was the hand Rogers dealt him, and this time Tony could only rely on himself to overcome the odds.
Tony, they are sorely mistaken.”
know. But reconciling his mind with his heart were two different issues all on their own. “I know, Buck. It’s just hard, especially after what happened.”
“Steve, seriously, it’s fine!” Tony groaned dramatically, pushing at his boyfriend’s unmovable chest.
AND THEY MEET AGAIN. I hope you guys didn't think Tony would just jump into Steve's arms after so many years away...I always love a bit of angst :)
(See the end of the chapter for
Here, though, around his team and the only people he trusted, the Avengers let his strange energy motivate them. They had an assignment, the next step in carrying out their purpose. Taking out a major sex trafficking ring and putting down someone as disturbed as Zemo would save hundreds of lives in the future. Sure, with Coulson’s intel, the FBI are aware of Zemo’s activities, but with all of the rules and bureaucratic red tape, they can’t even get enough evidence for a search warrant.
He cleared his throat and crossed his arms over his chest. “Thanks to the Avengers’ seemingly unlimited supply of materials and money, it didn’t take me long to put together something new for each one of you. Collectively, you all have new outfits and masks, because, you know, this is a dangerous profession to be in, and I’d rather nobody end up in jail, or in the hospital, on my watch.”
His date preened a little, accepting the praise. That seemed to raise his spirits, and he moved on from speaking about his past. “When I finish out my last degree, I want to start a new company. There is so much untapped potential when it comes to clean energy.”
, Tony thought. It seemed like the best transition point. He steeled himself and leaned back against the pillows, threading his fingers through Steve’s. “I’m alive because of the
Tony wasn’t sure he wanted to know the details of the mess she was talking about. He didn’t like picturing anyone in that sort of situation.
Bucky adjusted his unyielding grip to hold Stane’s arms back behind him, forcing his knees down firmly on the cold unforgiving ground. Steve’s hand was still curled around his throat, eyes burning with such righteous fury that even got Bucky’s blood pumping. His best friend was going to
Sam just stared open mouthed between Tony and the package, blinking intermittently. “You’ve gotta be shittin’ me, Tones. Just how smart are you? This is incredible.” He wondered aloud, eyes still wide.
“I need you to throw that laptop out of your second story window, then come over here (bring ice cream) and dish about what the hell just happened.”
“Yes!” He answered quickly, not wanting to give the soldier any time to back out. “Can you come into the workshop? I have everything set up.”
“And then you came along.” Well, that answered that question. “All of a sudden, he was back to his old self, back to being
They could hear him grit his teeth together on the other side of the comm unit. “Uh, funny story about that...Hawkeye, why don’t you tell him?”
Tony had the gall to look surprised. “Wait, really?”
The pair had about five seconds before the guard on the other side of the door was on them. Before he could call out a warning to his associates, Sam reached up and covered his mouth, slicing his throat quickly. Clint didn’t wait for him to finish up, instead, he was unloading his arrows at the four very large, and very angry gentleman pulling out their guns. One, two, three shots rang out before the archer silenced them all, but luckily the pair was light enough on their feet to twist out of the way of the fire.
Steve saw red. His grip on Tony tightened for a fraction of a second before he relaxed, careful not to jostle any of his injuries.
impatiently, arms crossed in front of her chest.
Thank you to my beta @MugiwaraLexi.
People fear the unknown, so that’s what Steve had become. Nobody ever saw his face, and if they did, they didn’t live to tell the tale. You take down enough drug dealers and destroy enough sex ring operations with practically no one knowing who you are or how you did it, your reputation begins to take on a life of its own. If the rumors were to be believed, the Captain ripped out the Boss of the Valentina crime family’s heart with his bare hands and mailed it to the man’s brother three years ago. It was utterly ridiculous, of course. It had been his left hand, and there was definitely a saw involved. The Valentina family simply needed to learn a lesson on what happens to people who stole from homegrown businesses in his territory.
to take over. His fucking
Once Steve got on his button up, he pulled Tony’s backpack from the closet and started throwing clothes into it. “We are going back to my place.”
A few moments of silence. “Look, I don’t doubt your ability to watch out for him, I don’t. But Rhodes, you’re leave ends in three days, and Pepper, you have class and finals and your own life. He’ll be safer at my house, where he won’t have to be alone.”
, and Sam was coughing up blood as he tried to undo his seatbelt, calling out to both Tony and Bruce. God, Tony’s chest hurt so bad. It was like he was on fucking
Ten minutes later, Steve deposited Tony onto the bed and covered his body with his own, careful to distribute his weight while he ground his clothed cock down, intermittently pulling away to remove pieces of clothing, starting with his own shirt. A high-pitched keening noise escaped from Tony’s throat, and his hands shot out to work on Steve’s belt while he thrust upwards to latch onto Steve’s left nipple. Steve hissed in delight as Tony’s teeth pinched and prodded at while his deft hands whipped Steve’s belt out of the loops and got to work on his buttons. He panted heavily and held Tony’s head close to his chest, relishing in the string as Tony gave his other nipple the same attention.
Once the rest of him was finally clean, Steve tipped Tony’s chip upwards, running his fingers through the damp black curls. He massaged the shampoo into his scalp delicately, letting his hands wander down his neck to play with the smaller, finer hairs. After a few minutes of attention, Steve finally rinsed out the shampoo, leaving him finally clean.
Steve held up his right hand. “Honest to God. You can ask Buck, I was
Tony fought down the wave of frustration that bubbled to the surface. If Rogers was actually serious about keeping him here for an entire year, then Tony wanted to be included in the loop of information. Whatever Rogers was involved in, it was dangerous, that much was obvious. How was he supposed to know how to act? How was he meant to interact with the people Rogers had him meet? Or even talk to the Avengers and the Commandos? And what about Peter?
I hope you enjoyed this. Thank you for reading! I'd love to hear your thoughts/feelings about everything.
to him. He’s going to do whatever it takes to keep you safe.”
Tony cornered him inside the bathroom as Steve grabbed the razor from the shower. “Tell me what the hell is going on!”
fault Hydra had their hands on such high-grade weapons in the first place. In New York, they had somehow gotten acquainted with SI weaponry, and about half of them had been his designs from his early teenage years.
Stane grinned, malicious and self-satisfied. “I wasn’t about to let him leave SI to you, Stark. It belongs to me. While you were in your little presentation, I took care of everything.”
Happy Monday! I hope you all had a wonderful weekend.
“No,” he disagreed, tilting his chin up. “
He exhaled loudly and squared his shoulders. “Which one is more pressing?”
Tony slammed the door behind him and closed his eyes, resting his back against the thick wood. He could breathe again, thank god. Having Rogers so close made everything more difficult, especially when he wasn’t sure how to feel about the mob boss. There was no denying his attraction. Roger was beyond words, from his cerulean blue eyes and chiseled jaw to his tattooed chest.
“Tony?” Steve’s voice was rough, most likely from the weight of the cock that had taken up temporary residence in his throat earlier that night.
…” He started, voice shaking, and took a step forward with an outreached hand.
Sam had grumbled at the change of venue all the way to the car, but Tony distracted him by asking about his time in the military. Bruce’s small Honda Civic was crammed with notes and paperwork, and Tony made a note to ask about the doctor’s research later, but the three of them fit in with only a little maneuvering. He gave Bruce directions to the lab and leaned forward on Sam’s passenger seat to hear a few stories that he couldn’t tell if they were elaborated or not.
Well good, because Tony wasn’t going down without one. He scoffed haughtily in a way he knew Steve hated. “I’m sorry, did I miss the part where you suddenly became my
Tony wasn’t quite sure what to think. He hadn't been expecting to hear that Steve was so...
That earned him an honest to God snort, which Tony tried to hide by covering up his face. “Oh my God, I can’t believe you just used the word ‘swell’ in a real life sentence!”
The worry came in when Steve interacted with his friends, the people he was supposed to trust above everyone else. The nights of laughing and making a mess of things just for the hell of it with the Howling Commandos weaned over the years. The war with Hydra, and Bucky’s subsequent attack, hardened Steve into a shell of a man. A shell of his former self. Every mission they took on even after Hydra seemed to wear him down until his edges were sharp and practically poisonous.
But he needed just a little bit more time for the team to find him.
His godfather laughed cruelly at him. “Oh, yes I did. With a car bomb, in fact. And you’re my only loose end, it seems. But I can’t let you die without knowing the Captain and his Avengers’ identities.” Stane unzipped the bag and let the black material roll out, lined with an array of razor sharp medical tools. “And I plan on getting that information out of you by any means necessary.”
(See the end of the chapter for
company?” Tony asked incredulously. He’d been playing his role of the dumbfounded victim well, but that threw him off his game.
Y'all are seriously wonderful, so I couldn't leave you with the cliffhanger for too long.
Without a second thought, Tony burst out of his seat onto his feet, throwing his hands up in the air. To everyone’s great pleasure, he didn’t so much as wince in pain at the movement. “Yes!
I hope you enjoyed this chapter! tbh I love Rhodey & Tony's friendship.
Tony wasn’t sure he would ever be ready. How awkward would it be to be forced to shake a small army of assassin’s hands while trying not to wet himself? And what would happen if one of them didn’t like Tony? Clint seemed okay, but if someone decided he would be a risk to the business, would they kill him behind Rogers’ back?
He smirked and looked back expectantly towards Peter. “We’ve definitely missed your lectures, but Hank Pym is keeping us up to date while you’re out. Your professors gave me a few assignments for you, but the general consensus was for you to keep working on your final project. Apparently everyone is looking forward to the big reveal.”
He was broken out of his thoughts by a knock at the cracked door, where Bucky flexed the hand of his metal prosthetic arm open and closed again. The wiring had gone to shit, and Steve knew it caused his best friend more pain than he would even consider letting on. “We’ve got something you’re gonna wanna see.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m starving,” Tony interrupted, raising an eyebrow in challenge.
. Bruce was
Tony jerked when one of the voices called out right next to his ear, the movement causing bursts of pain to flash behind his eyelids. “It’s time to wake up, Mr. Stark.”
“We do good here, Stevie.” Bucky implored, jutting his chin towards the men in the room. “We keep the streets clean, tear down any drug operations, put down any fuckers who try to mess with our people. The Avengers keep people safe.”
Steve looked far too relieved, so Tony cut in with a slash of his hand. “
“And now you’re caught up in everything again,” Tony pointed out with a grimace. “You left New York to get away from SI, and now you’re stuck with the man who hurt you in the first place.”
him? Tell him that I want it rough?”
He blinked, not really expecting the older man to want to have a conversation with him. “Yeah, it did actually. My students thank you by the way. Apparently I was actually bearable since I had the right amount of caffeine in me.”
Steve and Bucky looked at each other with furrowed brows, then returned their gaze to Natasha. She rushed over to the passenger side and held out her phone. “Howard and Maria Stark were just killed in a car bombing thirty miles east”
Bucky tilted his head towards the hallway. “Nat picked up a smuggler off the streets. Took him to the warehouse for interrogation.”
. You don’t know…”
Not a soul spoke as they watched the man in front of them lose the fight against his injuries. After a few moments, one of the Hydra leaders turned on Monocle Man. “The Captain? He is here?”
OH, p.s., I know some of you are hoping that this story doesn't end the same as the movie. Let me just remind you that Tony and Laura are different people.
“You are absolutely no fun.” Tony pouted as he rolled his eyes, before shooting Peter a grin. “Alright, Underoos, what have you got for me? Has the engineering department completely fallen apart without me?”
Tony was here, in Steve’s bed. Safe. Cared for. Protected.
When they entered the living room, everyone was already there, and by the looks of it, they had not been expecting to see Tony with Steve. Five pizza boxes were strewn about, everyone pausing mid-bite to look at him with wide eyes.
Rhodey paused. “Why did that sound like a total bullshit answer? What else is going on?”
Tony didn’t know, though. He had his own experiences with unhealthy coping, sure, like spending ridiculously long hours in the lab and refusing to answer his friends’ phone calls after a particularly rough fight with his dad. That kind of stuff. But the Steve Tony knew wasn’t like what Sam was describing at all. His Steve was sweet, attentive, outgoing, and even
He pulled the blanket off to reveal his masterpiece, a perfectly round shield that looked almost identical to the one he had now, just a thousand times more durable and deadly. The color scheme was sleeker as well.
Everyone turned to stare incredulously at him, and the light grip on Tony’s arm squeezed just a hair, gently checking to see if Tony was alright.
Tony couldn’t help but laugh at that, for some reason he just couldn’t see Steve flying off the handle at all, much less because he missed out on his eggs and bacon. “I’m inclined to agree with you. I normally prioritize coffee over food though, I’ve learned that I can’t live without it, despite what science tells me.”
Their mouths met again, and this time they didn’t come up for air for a few more hours.
“You need to go,” Clint implored, ready to take off in the other direction.
. He could simmer.
He wanted to protest,
It was...it was, it was
An epilogue will be coming tomorrow.
The man appeared in his field of vision, sporting a navy blue lab coat and a hideous smile. Someone seriously needed to get this man some braces. “I trust that our good doctor was able to make your injuries bearable? You were in quite a bit of pain there.”
“Fear will go a long way in this business, son.” He agreed before his face grew more serious. “This job will take over who you are, so you’ll have to decide the kind of leader you want to be, you’ll have to figure out how to control the chaos that lies within.”
And then Tony, his sweet, genius, hurt Tony, had given him the tools to do just that. It was dangerous, but the panicked look in his eyes told Steve that the decision wasn’t negotiable. Natasha and Clint had cleared the street of any pedestrians and innocent bystanders, and Sam and detailed the quickest escape route for them while Bruce readied the van.
!” He begged, “Get us out!”
Steve handed his best friend the binoculars wordlessly, waiting for him to zero in on the man who would be taking residence in his sexual fantasies for the foreseeable future. Bucky didn’t disappoint, chuckling lightly and raising his eyebrows in interest. “Oh Stevie, you’ve gotta be careful. Fellas like that are heaven for the eyes, and hell for the soul.”
“Detailed my ass.” Bucky mumbled in annoyance as he flipped off the television, tightening his grip around Nat’s waist and pulling her closer. Peggy’s cousin didn’t give out any of the good stuff, like how almost one thousand cuts had been sliced into Stane without him losing too much blood, the bucket of water sitting by the door that they used to drown him in, or how not just his still beating heart was ripped from his chest, but both eyes were also torn from their sockets.
Steve watched Tony barrel out into the street without any proper winter attire with a deep frown marring his features. He wasn’t sure
Steve walked over, barely avoiding Rhodes as he kissed his boyfriend gently on his dry lips. “Yes, Tony. You know we can keep you safe. There’s nowhere I’d rather you be.”
Again, the two birdbrains shared a look, one that Tony was sure was going to be an irritating usual occurrence. Rogers cleared his throat and shot him a warning look. “That’s their story to tell. Maybe one day they will choose to share it with you.” His expression pinched for just a fraction, but Tony caught it. “Actually, there is something we need to discuss before we arrive.”
“Wanda and Pietro are back at the warehouse, Cap.” Clint told him. “Where do you want us?”
“Obadiah Stane, I want to make myself perfectly clear.” Steve explained calmly, shoulders back and head held high. “You
Thoughts? Feelings? I PROMISE that next week you'll get to see Tony interact with Steve and Bucky after so dang long.
“We’re the Avengers, and it just happened to be a coincidence.” Sam corrected, sharing a grimace with Clint. It sounded like someone wasn’t too happy with the closeness of his moniker.
As always, all comments/kudos are really appreciated. You guys are wonderfully encouraging. Thanks!
The soldier shook his head, lip trembling. “Nein. It's the Winter Soldier.” His knees gave out on him as well, and he fell to his stomach. “It’s the Captain.”
Tony cringed at the use of his full name, but hung onto Pepper’s waist tighter, spinning her around in the way he knew she loved.
The Winter Soldier kicked in the door with one powerful boot, sending fractured, thin pieces of wood flying. The Captain threw his shield up in front of them both, letting the rain of bullets ricochet back towards the shooters, and he counted three men down with their own ammunition. He lowered it fractionally, giving the Soldier plenty of space to unload his round into the seven men hovering around the room. Shouts, curses, and screams erupted around them, but the Captain paid them no mind.
I'd love to hear what y'all thought of this chapter! It was pretty fun to write, and I love introducing new characters. Plus, I want to see Bucky and Tony be friends as much as y'all do...it'll probably take some time though.
The Avengers, on the other hand, didn’t live by society’s laws. Life was more simple with them, Tony mused to himself. The gang protect the people in a way the government and law enforcement could never dream of, and Tony was proud to be a part of that.
Steve cocked his head in confusion, “Yeah...because that’s your name.” He said slowly.
Clint clicked his tongue in annoyance. “We’re fine, Doc. We’ve got two of Zemo’s victims here, and they need medical attention.”
His stomach dropped again, and his embarrassment flared as he thought about what a goddamn loser he looked like. Three years ago, he had enough money to buy out fifty of these fucking coffee shops, and now he was scrounging up change for a cup of coffee.
“Tell me more,” Steve encouraged. And Tony did. In fact, he didn’t stop talking for another hour and a half, and Steve loved every second of it.
“Of course not,” He sneered back. He knew what Stane was playing at, trying to get him to connect the Howling Commandos, who decimated Hydra in New York, to the Avengers in Boston. There was no way Tony was going to play his little game.
Steve reached his free hand out, grateful when Bucky didn’t hesitate to take it. “Thank you, Buck. For everything. If I didn’t have you and the others by my side on this, I don’t know what I would do.” His throat closed with barely contained emotion, and he squeezed his eyes shut as Bucky tightened his grip.
Bucky grunted, “a location.” Steve’s eyes snapped up to meet his, determined and furious. “Nat and Clint were able to find his route, and I crossed checked it with known Hydra bases. There’s only one that lines up with both, Stevie.”
Rogers’ voice was low, the tone heady and smug. “Why are you looking at it? Do you want to touch it?”
It meant
Either way, Bucky was right. Events in his life had brought him here to Boston, where he met Steve, the man who saved him, loved him, and took care of him. They brought him here to the Avengers, broken people who would die for each other, and for whom he was lucky to call friends. Despite all else, he could be grateful for all of that.
Hope y'all enjoyed this chapter! (Hopefully) I'll have the next one out Wednesday/Thursday!
A small groan, and Steve felt the weight from the top of the couch disappear. “Yeah, boss.”
“What? Why?” Tony asked, completely thrown off by Steve’s sudden change in demeanor. He threw on his jeans before stuffing his feet into the boots that were strewn across the room. Tony couldn’t put a finger on exactly what had changed. But this Steve was more...army-like? Commanding? If Tony was anyone else, he would have followed along blindly. “Where the hell are you going?”
Steve grunted in frustration and tapped his earpiece. “Widow, Falcon, Hawkeye, Banner, report,
about jacking off, and they would make sure they interrupted me because they didn’t want me to risk ‘overdoing it.’ I’ve only been able to hide it from them a total of like, what, seven times? Seven times over the course of a few weeks is not enough, Pep. I’m dying here!”
Sam looked positively ecstatic while Steve’s frown deepened to the point that Tony was afraid it would get stuck like that. “Tony, what are you talking about?”
His eyes snapped open, and he winced at the light. Then winced again as his body throbbed in a deep rooted ache. Tony tried swallowing, but found that his mouth was dry and caked with the taste of metal. Of blood.
His best friend just shrugged and offered the kids his hands. “I think we need to get these two some food, a shower, and new clothes. What do you say?”
Tony jerked up, knocking them out of their comfortable position. “He did
Steve promised himself that it was the last thing they would ever do.
, I want updates every hour. And I don’t care if its an hour before my presentation, if something goes wrong, I want to be notified and I’ll be dropping everything to come and help. I need you to promise that you’ll call if you need me, Steve.”
“Hawkeye and I are ready to go too, Cap.” Sam confirmed. “With the mechanisms Tony made for us today we shouldn’t need the keys off the guys in the bar. Twenty minutes will be enough time to take down the guards and get everyone out of the building.”
!” She cut him off with another smack to the hood. “Steve, you
I hope you enjoy, because I had a lot of fun writing this chapter.
Steve stiffened at Tony’s casual use of his preferred title, but thankfully no one seemed to think anything of it. Thank goodness for Tony’s overenthusiastic use of nicknames. “Tones,” Rhodes chided, “be serious here for a minute.” Once they were all buckled in and pulling out of the hospital’s overhang, he turned around from the front seat to look his best friend in the eye. “I have to go back to the base today, but I want you to know that you can call me at any time.” He reached back to take Tony’s hand. “We are all here for you, okay? I love you, man.”
Clint crouched down and gripped the bars with his gloved fingers. “Hey, kiddo. My friend and I are here to get you and everyone else out of here, okay?”
“Man’s got a point.” Sam smirked, half-turning in the passenger seat so that he was facing Tony. “Give the man what he wants, I want some cool new toys. We’ve got plenty of dough from the Hydra score.”
, Steve was basically a greek god in disguise and Tony was
More screaming and more gunshots, and the tension and panic filling the room was practically choking him. Someone cried out in english, “It’s the Avengers!”
, Buck. I trusted them to keep him safe, and
Indecipherable voices sounded in the background, and he wanted to tell them to shut up and go away. Who was talking anyway? Had he fallen asleep on someone else’s couch?
, for Christ’s sake, he had a few tricks up his sleeves.
Steve released a breath of relief as he squirmed in his seat inside the black Nissan. “Copy, thanks Bruce.” He switched over to the Avenger’s line and checked in on his team. “Report.”
band of cronies, the Avengers, that’s who.” His godfather stepped back, returning to pace the length of the small room, which Tony could now recognize as a closed off basement. “Research can only get me so far, however, and they’re pretty damn good at covering their tracks. But I want to find the Captain and his little sidekicks, and watch them
The scientist grimaced and double clicked a key on his laptop. The temperature in the conference room shifted, suddenly too hot and too humid for Steve to take a breath. The lack of oxygen caused a chaotic red to seep into the edges of his vision, and Steve barely felt the table crack underneath his weight.
Tony and Sam both perked up in their seats. “Dude, really?” The Avenger exclaimed with his lips stretched wide.
He shook his head, flexing his hands by his sides. “Tony is...good. I want him to stay out of this.” And he did. Tony was incredible. A light.
The undeniable resolve in his voice calmed Tony enough to quiet his wandering mind. As he’s been working on his final project and the weapons for the Avengers these past few weeks, memories of the car crash and what transpired at the Hydra base haunted him. It’s helped being surrounded by so many people hell bent on keeping him safe, but nothing can really protect him from the nightmares. He knows that this battle between him and SI isn’t over, and the knowledge that someone could come after him again at any time has Tony on edge.
A lump caught in his throat. What if...what if his friends didn’t even realize anything was wrong? What if they thought he just jumped ship without telling any of them? If that were the case, Tony certainly couldn’t blame them, but his eyes stung at the thought nonetheless.
Thor frowned down at them both as Tony led him towards the doors. “Driving in Norway is not dissimilar to driving here, Friend Tony.”
He had suffered because of it, too.
,’ and slot Tony behind him, scanning the room or area for potential threats.
deal with everything later, but you need to forget about all of that for now. You’re due in the meeting room in five minutes.” He knocked his forehead softly against Tony’s, and it had a strange way of grounding him. It wasn’t an intimate or romantic gesture, it felt more like they were two comrades on the battlefield, preparing to face their greatest threat yet.
“Glad to hear it.” She let out a sigh of relief. “And you’re sure this is what you want?”
“Don’t be stupid,” Clint chided. “If you weren’t half out of your mind when we found you in the Hydra warehouse, you might have seen the look on Cap’s face and
Tony sucked in a breath, blatantly ignoring the surge of heat that hit him at the thought of Steve touching his stomach. What the fuck just happened? “How…” His gaze shifted unsteadily around the coffee shop, suddenly worried that this was all just some practical joke set up by his father and Obie to prove that Tony really couldn’t survive being cut off.
happens. I can’t just get over that!” He didn’t realize just how fucking furious he was about the situation until he started getting into it. No, he wouldn’t be “moving past this” anytime soon.
Stane whirled around with a bit-off curse, reaching for the gun resting on the edge of the table, but Tony shot his last repulsor in the general direction, sending the table, the gun, and the medical bag sprawling onto the floor with a loud clatter.
trusted him like this before, like he was someone to be depended on in critical situations, such as the missions the Avengers encountered. Usually, once someone got it into their heads that Tony was weak, injured, or no longer useful, people tended to ignore whatever came out of his mouth after the fact.
Rogers raised his brows expectantly. The breeze coming off of the lake was cool as it ruffled his blonde hair. “Care to be more specific?”
It seems that this was news to them. “Wait, someone other than Clint?”
Rogers leaned back in his seat and crossed a leg over his knee. “Because nobody outside of the Avengers, and a few select members of my father’s inner circle, know my name.”
The man with mocha colored skin clicked off the television and turned to face them with his hands on his hips. They were all silent as they watched Steve and Tony, and Tony had to force down the desire to hide behind his mountain of a boyfriend.
“It’s mine, and I’ll decide when I’m going to see it.” He hissed, each word accompanied by the tightening of his palm around Tony’s throat, cutting off his air incrementally.
Shoutout to QueenE who totally agrees with me that it would be hard to see Steve with someone else. Even though that's how it went down in the movie, I didn't think I could write it. Anyway, I hope you liked this chapter! Let me know your thoughts :) All kudos/comments are really, really appreciated. Because y'all are awesome.
She rolled her eyes fondly at him, pulling the spoon from her mouth. “He sounds mouthwatering, Tony. Jim will be jealous, I haven’t heard you gush about a guy since you were living together.”
His best friend hummed and glanced at the clock. “You’ll need to go back to classes tomorrow morning, you know that right.”
If he wasn’t afraid of disturbing Tony, Steve would have gotten in Bucky’s face. “I told them to
“Who says it has to?”
Bruce studied the genius for a few tense moments before shrugging. “I guess it couldn’t hurt. Just text him and tell him where we’re going, and let him know that Sam and I will be with you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We didn’t really notice at first, you know? Not until the whole gang came together. He started to sink back into himself, withdraw away from us, put school on the back burner, that kind of stuff. Cap got really into his missions, more focused on getting through those than on life itself, you know?”
So, he dressed quickly, throwing on the clothes from earlier this morning and storming out of the dressing room. Surprise surprise, Rogers was on the fucking phone again. Tony tossed the lingerie piece at him with a grunt, sneering up at the mob boss.
The archer raised his hands in defense, “Woah, woah. I only watched him for that week you asked me to, Cap. I swear. I have no interest in seeing what happens when you two turn off the lights.”
Happy Monday all! I hope you had a safe 4th of July weekend :) Who doesn't love fireworks, right?
“Don’t be an
The only thing stopping him was a sheer mass of warmth outlining the length of the right side of his body. It was unmoving, constant, and Tony slumped against it knowing he was safe.
“We’ll talk about this later, love.” Steve whispered against his hair before turning to the nurse. “Ma’am, give him whatever he needs.”
He was cleared to leave the hospital three extraordinary long days later. After his panic attack, Tony had a hard time sleeping, despite having his three biggest comforts in the room with him. When he wasn’t sleeping, his hands shook from the anxiety, he shifted about a thousand times in his bed, and he tried to refuse help every time he went to the bathroom. Overall, he tore through thirteen stitches before he was well enough to be wheeled out to Steve’s ebony black truck waiting at the front entrance.
(See the end of the chapter for
boyfriend, who Steve didn’t want messed up in Avengers business, was
Zemo had been spotted near Port Norfolk, where at least three kidnappings had occurred. Sixteen year old twins from Sokovia, Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, and a twelve year old boy. The kid’s parents and the Maximoff’s neighbor had all filed missing person reports, but so far the police weren’t having any luck.
Steve chuckled and shook his head. “Already did. He called on his way, Thor is taking him. We’ll fill him in on everything once he’s finished.” He checked that everyone was in their seats before clearing his throat and reassuming his Captain persona. “Alright, let’s take it from the top, shall we? Clint, Sam, you start. Then Wanda and Pietro-”
Tony licked his lips and smirked with a harsh gleam in his eye. “So, Typhon didn’t fall in love with Zeus in 365 days.” No matter what Rogers’ reasoning for it, there was no way Tony would succumb to the man’s wishes. If Typhon could still rebel, then so could Tony.
Her jaw twitched in frustration as she rang up the new order. “Seven fifteen, then”
The moment he stepped inside the room, Steve watched the two seasoned Hydra members blanch. The blood drained from their faces, and they immediately began squirming in their seat. The third, the one that was too green for a cyanide pill, looked confused at his buddies’ reactions. Steve clicked on the intercom, puffing out his chest and using his best “Captain” voice.
She shook her head rapidly, and spoke as she tried to haul him over to his back with no avail. Steve took over from there while she cradled his head and brought out a thin flashlight. “No, I just heard someone calling for help. It looks like he took a hit to the side of his head though. Maybe someone in the crowd might know something?”
Tony couldn’t help but grin, always happy to hear that he actually meant something to someone. It wasn’t that he necessary
After that, things got a little crazy. Tony and Steve both graduated college. When their names were called in their respective ceremonies, the auditorium could have shook with how loud Thor’s cheering was. Tony immediately hired Pepper as his PA with a promise to promote to CEO once she dug her claws into the company, and gave Peter and Harley an employment contract for them to sign the minute they graduated. In the meantime, both boys would be coming on as interns in the R&D department in the summer.
Large meaty hands gingerly pulled aside his rumpled collar to get a look at the purpling bruise on his shoulder, and Tony tried weakly to push him away.
Joseph hummed in agreement. “However, they are potential business partners, and deserve our respect.” He shot his son a wink, “Even if they are assholes.”
Unfortunately for him, this plan involved blowing the Hydra base sky high with everyone in it.
that he was dangerous. Not that Bucky minded, of course, because people had always viewed
He swallowed thickly around a lump in his throat, but continued. He
Tony hauled Steve up to capture his mouth again, aligning their bodies perfectly so that they arched against each other. Their tongues danced together, each memorizing the feeling of the other, and dammit Tony could have come right then in there. Steve pulled back, propping himself onto his elbows over Tony. “I do love you, Tony. You mean...everything to me. I want to keep you safe. I want you.
That finally broke the tension, and Bucky slapped a hand across his shoulder. “If he’s important to you, then he’s important to us. We’ve got this, Stevie.”
Tony rubbed both hands over his face, not the least bit surprised to find a smile still there. “Yeah, now we can call Rhodey.”
He shrugged, and she sighed before setting the ice cream down onto the nightstand and putting her arm around him. Tony snuggled into her touch, like always. “Talk to me.”
Pietro tensed, but Wanda laid a gentle hand on her brother’s arm. “This is the first time in our lives we are free,” She implored, her heavy accent breaking with emotion. “We just want to live our lives. It will be difficult, we know. But we won’t say anything about the Avengers, that we can promise. You saved us.”
Clint barked out a laugh as he led them outside. “You wound me, Tony.”
Enjoy this chapter!
“We have no way of knowing what kind of treatment the victims are experiencing, Captain.” Bruce pointed out with a frown. “There needs to be ambulances and transportation to the hospital available once you free everyone.”
The genius pouted, “Fine, but as long as the message got across, I still win.”
“See it on yourself,” he spat, then turned on his heel and pushed through the doors that led outside. The clear, warm summer air helped clear his mind to finally think, and he immediately realized that Clint and Sam hadn’t followed him out. Tony seized the opportunity, rushing around the corner and ignoring the few random elderly townsfolk that milled about in favor of finding someone who might actually be of use. Near a newly refinished boardwalk, he saw two policemen and almost collapsed in relief.
I hope you all had a wonderful weekend. Personally, I got some bad news so I've been looking forward to posting this all week because you make me feel about 232627535x better.
The rest of the briefing lasted three hours, and the sun had descended beneath the horizon. The Avengers laid out a detailed plan on when, where, and how they would take down Zemo’s operation.
was responsible for his kidnapping. Someone that Tony
“I-I think I found the person who’s responsible for Tony’s kidnapping.”
He snorted again, but this time it was more self-degrading than anything. “Is that a trick question? You’ve met me, Pep. You and Rhodey are the only ones who can even stand to be around me. Plus, there’s the whole, I’m completely broke, thing. Oh, and to top it all off, my dad is one of the biggest War Profiteers in the country. Mainly because of
that way, Stevie was just finally stepping into his chosen role.
“Still difficult, but we’ll find the evidence we need, Tony. I’ll find whoever hurt you, and I’ll kill them myself, I promise.”
“It was a
525,600 minutes, or
Bucky ran his metal hand over his face and headed back towards the doors. “It can’t be that bad, right? They didn’t say anyone was hurt.”
“So, Wilson, how did you end up joining the super secret boy band? Heard you were the first new recruit.”
Steve remembered how Tony had flinched yesterday at the coffee shop when his hand got too close to his face. A flash of white hot fury hit him at the thought of anyone hurting this man.
“You’re going to be great, Sweetheart.” Steve encouraged softly on the other end of the phone call.
at seeing Tony by his side, now was not the time.
The next two weeks went on pretty much the same way, with Steve begrudgingly going to class, his friends keeping a close eye on Tony as he recovered and fought off panic attacks and nightmares, and all of them working together to fend off Maria Stark’s phone calls. After sixteen days, he was feeling like his old self, and it was driving everyone else absolutely
“Are you lost, Pet?” Rogers repeated from their first meeting, bringing back the feeling of deja vu. He took a few steps forward, clear eyes roaming up and down Tony’s body like he was imagining him in the revealing piece from earlier. “Sometimes, fighting is futile. You have to accept the situation. The faster, the better for you.” Rogers shrugged, lips twitching upwards in amusement. “You can either make it hard for the both of us this year, or take part in the adventure that fate has brought you.”
Warnings for violence in this chapter. The big bads get what's coming to them. It's not overly explicit, but its not pretty.
That at least got Steve to open his cerulean blue eyes, Tony’s new favorite color for obvious reasons, though he had yet to move from his position beneath the crumpled sheets. “You finished it?”
“Stop fawning over my boyfriend.” He chastised, but his smile hadn’t diminished. “Besides, I need your full head in the game so we can talk about tonight.”
expensive shampoo, which was a no-no. How the hell was he supposed to know? What the hell were they putting in the bottle, flecks of gold? She had kicked him out almost immediately, barely giving him any time to throw on a pair of jeans, much less a t-shirt. He had no doubt in his mind that the things she was shouting in Russian were very real, and very serious threats. So, he hauled his ass back home.
As soon as the light came back on, dozens of messages and missed call notifications popped up on the screen. Steve’s heart rate spiked as he read through Thor’s messages, and the blood fell too quickly from his face. He jumped towards the corner of the room where a wastebasket sat, dropping his head into it and upheaving the donuts they ate earlier that morning.
But, alas, he just wouldn’t give it up. “You have to tell the man your damn name. You’ve been going out for what, four months now? He’s your boyfriend. You
As always, thank you to my beta @MugiwaraLexi for everything they do!
Steve shot him a frustrated look, but pulled out from the driveway towards the highway. “You’re
of it.” Steve was intimately aware that Hydra used SI weapons while in New York. During their three year war, Bucky had researched the company thoroughly enough to give the police enough evidence to put them under a microscope. Of course, the police could be bought off, which is why no charges were ever filed.
Everything hurt.
The kids furrowed their brows, and glanced quickly at one another before turning back to The Captain, in the full cowl that masked his face. “What do you mean.”
“I thought we could go to this little pizzeria that I know. And then after I wanted to take you to LA Burdick.”
The other half of the time, Steve wanted to smother him with a goddamn pillow.
“Tony.”
Steve was able to calm him down a little by shoving their foreheads together and promising Tony that he would take care of it, but he wouldn’t lay back down or breathe normally again until they were on speaker phone with Agent Coulson from the FBI. Steve winced at the suspicious look Tony shot his way when Coulson recognized Steve immediately, but ignored it. They could have this conversation when Tony was feeling better. Preferably feeling better in Steve’s bed where he could ensure that the young genius couldn’t get kidnapped by any more dangerous terrorists. Or run away from the conversation. Both seemed unnecessarily probable.
Happy Monday!
Steve blinked, still taking in the sight of his date. The redhead he had been expecting popped around the corner, her hands on Tony’s shoulders as if to calm his nerves. “He’s just a little excited, if you can’t tell.”
She shrugged happily, giving him a kiss on the cheek and pushing him out the door towards Steve. “He’s not here to defend it, so It’s mine now."
Tony’s gaze snapped to his, and his lips twitched upwards into a bright, pleased smile. “I love you too, Steve.” Then his eyes narrowed in challenge. “Now are you going to fuck me, or what,
He was silent, presumably looking over the material he found. “There’s a file, too big to be a simple-” Bruce swore loudly in her ear, and she had to keep focused on the road as to not wrench the wheel to the side in surprise. He
Most of the group didn’t need to be told twice. Almost everyone took off down the street, careful not to stray too far from one another. The only stragglers were the Maximoff twins, who turned to stare at Clint and Sam, still clinging to each other.
Bucky looked unperturbed. “You know the rules, Stark.” He grumbled. “Eyes stay on you at all times. You won’t find anyone here who’s willing to deviate from Stevie’s
“Finally,” Obie-no, Stane, spat, his suit, now missing the jacket, rumpled with his white sleeves rolled up. A slight sheen of sweat peppered his forehead, and he looked to have been pacing before Tony woke up. “You took forever to wake up.”
off, who, to my surprise, comes to your rescue?”
Tony rubbed his hands together greedily as he stood up in his chair. “I’ll be right back. Give me five minutes.” As promised, five minutes later Tony returned with a large cart of weapons, which he rolled over to the front of the room.
“Well, I’d like to get a goddamn cheeseburger on the way. But we’re going to the warehouse so I can finally get started on your new gear.”
“So what did you do before you started art school?” he asked, breaking Steve out of his open admiration.
Bucky would say that he’d never seen his best friend so pent up before, so focused on hurting someone else so much that it didn’t matter if it was right or wrong. Zemo had forced himself onto a girl that didn’t want his affections, and Steve was going to make sure he paid for that.
Three days to slowly lose his mind. Three days for the anger to build up like an active volcano, crest by crest, waiting for the most opportune time to let loose and obliterate everything in its path.
Steve pulled him in tighter. “Clint punched him in the face.”
“Fine,” Pepper sighed. “What do you need from me?”
“Well, where to, Tones?” Sam asked, tossing the keys to Steve.
Steve sighed, rubbing his hands across his face. It was true, he
He had known each of them were special from the moment he laid eyes on them. His gut instinct flared to life during each one of their initial meetings, and Steve instantly knew they had a role to play and demons to overcome. It had yet to steer him wrong, not with Bucky, not with Howling Commandos, and not with the Avengers.
Steve brow furrowed in question as he stood up from behind his mahogany desk.
The next morning, Tony blinked slowly from where his head was resting atop Steve’s perfectly sculpted chest. This is what heaven must be like, Tony mused. To be so wrapped up in the person you love that the rest of the world just falls away, leaving the two of you basking in heat and pleasure. He hummed when Steve’s fingers carded their way through Tony’s hair, and he buried his face closer to his boyfriend.
The norse god of a man reached out to grasp Tony’s forearm lightly in his personal ‘brothers in arms’ handshake. Tony smiled weakly at him and squeezed back, then stepped away and rushed into the Engineering building.
Tony nodded slowly, breathing in deeply as if memorizing the smell of Steve around him. Finally, he swallowed past the lump that had formed in his throat. “Uh, yeah. I think I can handle that.”
Bucky laughed before clapping Steve on the shoulder, giving Joseph a polite nod, and walking back towards Dum Dum and Gabe, who were escorting the men back inside.
“I’ve already given Sam this speech about not needing to apologize, do I have to give it to you too?”
It was
Rogers stood up slowly, folding the napkin that was in his lap and setting it down nicely. He closed the distance between them with three easy steps, sending Tony’s heartbeat through the roof with each one. Once he reached Tony, the mob boss put both hands on the armchair and leaned in, brushing his lips across Tony’s earlobe.
Tony frowned, wanting to insist on helping him get cleaned up, but didn’t really know how he would do that here. “If you’re sure…”
Steve’s head crashed heavily against the leather headrest as Bucky drove them back towards the warehouse. It had been a long night, and all he wanted to do was get back home, shower, and crawl into bed with Tony. But alas, the Avengers needed to spend the next few hours in debrief, and if he was lucky, Steve might be able to catch his boyfriend before he had to leave for his presentation.
Surprise! A chapter a whole 3 days early. I'm happy to say I finally finished this story, the last Chapter (13) is just under revision, and I'll post as soon as its ready.
He would just go to the lab and work there. It would help take his mind off of all of the bullshit that happened today. Bruce and Sam would find something in there to keep them busy, and then Steve would call, tell him to come home, and they would talk it out. Maybe have crazy hot make-up sex.
, and if it weren’t for the missing tell-tale nausea spells, Tony would think that he was reliving his one monumentally failed attempt at drinking himself under the table during his first semester after arriving at MIT. But no, this pain was different, more distinct. Tony wanted to
Steve reached down to the drain and pulled, then leaned back to grab the towel. Tony watched him through half-lidded eyes, exhaustion and weariness finally making themselves known. Steve’s lips twitched at the sight, and wrapped the towel around Tony’s shoulders before speaking and breaking the spell. “Alright, sweetheart, you’re all clean. Let’s get you dried off and dressed so you can come take a nap.”
. I don’t-I don’t want to come yet. I need you inside me,
“In that case,” She started easily, “you should know that we don’t follow Steve because we
“We were...tipped off, by an old colleague of yours. It seems as though your particular set of skills are quite valuable to us, Mr. Stark.”
be able to dictate his mind or his emotions again. Tony thought back to Bucky’s words, about not letting the bitterness, anger, and heartache in his past manipulate his future.
“Ready, Cap, on your count.” Bucky affirmed, switching the safety off of his weapon and cocking it back.
Steve pulled out a thick piece of cloth from his pouch and stretched it over Stane’s mouth, forcing it between his teeth and tying it off sharply. “You’re going to want to scream, and I can’t have anyone interrupting us.”
Howard sneered in front of him. “You heard him, boy. You’ll finally complete your education, just like you always wanted.” The sneer turned into a feral grin, and the bottom of Tony’s stomach dropped. “And then you can come home and take your place at SI.”
Steve nodded warily, automatically on guard with his back as straight as a board. He got like that sometimes, when the mood changed or when he felt like Tony might be in trouble. Steve would draw up to his full height, posing quite the intimidating figure that practically screamed ‘
He rubbed the heel of his hand against his face while loose pieces of hair fell onto Tony’s shoulders. “One evening, something went wrong. One of our rodent test subjects reacted to the radiation in a way we never expected. It was...horrifying, to say the least.” Bruce shuddered, and Tony refrained from asking him to explain further.
“Yes. I’ve been thinking of buying up more property along the East coast. Expanding our territory.”
Over the past few years as “The Captain,” Steve had...
“But you didn’t, Stark.” Bucky argued. “Sure, you might have made the weapon that took my arm, but you didn’t hand it over to Hydra. It could have saved American lives overseas, but instead someone decided to be greedy and sell SI’s weapons to terrorists.” He pushed back his long hair with his other hand. “And I don’t know, I think you being with the Avengers is...meant to be, or some shit like that.”
Before he touched Tony’s chest, he cleaned his feet, legs, and back, making sure to give the same tender attention to every part of his body. Tony didn’t even attempt to take the cloth from Steve or make a well-timed sex joke as he cleaned his half-hardened member, the heaviness in the air not to be cheapened by a quip. His deepest wounds very obviously stung, but still the duo kept silent, the air in the small bathroom wrought with the promise of the moment, each inhale and exhale of breath ingrained into each of their memories.
“Why do you think he wouldn’t like you after your date?”
“You’re a student?” Tony asked incredulously. He would have guessed the man was in his upper twenties judging by his height and not-so hidden muscles practically popping out of his layers.
. His friends were the
Tony grinned at his PA in the mirror, securing his “A” styled cufflinks and straightening his red and gold tie. The perfectly tailored suit that hugged his body was the most expensive thing he’d worn in almost four years.
“Until the next one comes around.”
faces.
He shook his head, the frustration starting to rush unpleasantly between his ears. “Nothing happened.”
“Not that it isn’t really great to finally meet you guys, but…” He turned to Steve, eyes narrowing dangerously. “Can you tell me what the hell is going on now?”
to see this.”
Steve caught Tony’s wrist and intertwined their fingers together, rubbing the pad of his thumb across his boyfriend’s callouses. “You’re incredible, Tony. I love you.”
when he wasn’t hell bent on protecting Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve was still sitting in his truck outside of Tony’s apartment when his phone went off. Without taking his eyes off of the building, he answered. “What is it, Nat?”
Steve’s lips tilted upwards and he shrugged, “It might have had something to do with the breakfast too. I find that my temper is about a mile shorter if I skip out on food in the morning.”
Monocle Man and his superiors stayed in the room with Tony, shouting at their soldiers to find out what the hell was happening. He spun around towards Tony with pure disdain. “Is this your doing?”
In hindsight, that little piece of information should have made the bigger picture clearer, but he was too caught up in the fact that his mouth was watering at the idea of getting in there to check out the wiring.
Tony swallowed, despite the difficulty from the immense pressure on the back of his neck, and licked his lips. The smirk returned, and Tony couldn’t help the huff of laughter that escaped him.
Steve reached over and gave his shoulder a light shove. “Don’t go makin’ fun while I’m trying to compliment you.”
Steve froze in his advance, eyes narrowing dangerously. That wasn’t possible. The Howling Commandos took out the last of Hydra back in New York. His gang had spent three years of their lives wiping out the rival gang, taking considerable losses in the process. It was what put them on the map, really. Hydra was basically a terrorist organization with how feared they were throughout the Boroughs, and when they went after Bucky in retaliation for their destroyed shipments, it became personal for Steve.
See you next Monday :)
“Send us your location.” Steve ordered, annoyance leaching into his mind. All he wanted to do was go home to Tony, and now he had to go deal with whatever shit Clint and Sam had gotten the Avengers into. He threw the earpiece down onto the table. “Fuck.”
Steve. Someone at SI is double-dealing. It’s
Steve shrugged. “Apparently it’s their way of making sure no one catches onto their relationship. Coulson did his job, well I might add, considering he was able to find us in the first place, and no one suspects him of being in league with a mafia gang. He’s been promoted to Supervisory Special Agent, so I’d say whatever they’re doing is working.”
Onto Part II of this fic! This is about 13 years later, so Tony is about 28 and Steve and Bucky are about 29-30ish. Please enjoy!
He had a doctorate to earn, then he could deal with everything
Tony shook his head, “He doesn’t. Trust me.”
Steve came over and sat at the foot of the bed, stroking two fingers up and down his covered calf. “It’s okay, sweetheart, you’re okay. You’re not alone, we’ve got you.”
Natasha?” Tony asked incredulously, eyes wide.
Wanda’s eyes widened even further in panic, and she took a step after him. “Wait!” Her accent was heavy as her breath came in short pants. “We...we can’t go.”
Steve’s fingers tightened into fist, and he was barely fighting the urge to send it flying through a wall. Someone had seen him and Tony
The tense silence in the room was answer enough.
He hoped that they could avoid the whole “Stark” issue as long as possible. Admitting that his father cut him off was embarrassing enough, but admitting to his ex-army date that his family was responsible for the deaths of thousands of people overseas? That was going to be an impossible conversation if they ever came to it. Tony had no interest in taking up the mantle of “The Merchant of Death,” and hoped to never be associated with it again.
Wanda and Pietro were granted visas, sponsored by the one and only Tony Stark, and had an apartment two blocks away from the Stark mansion and a five minute walk from the finest high school in New York.
The amused look was back. “What, you think I’m too old for that or something? I’m twenty-seven.”
Bruce shook his head and gave him a nervous smile. “Nope, it could be a few hours, I’m sorry. They usually spend the entire day at the warehouse.”
Holy fuck.
Steve cradled it between his hands, brow furrowed. “Update?”
“And the children you mentioned? What do they do here?”
Clint was practically vibrating in his seat by the time Tony finished, and didn’t hesitate to leap across the room and tackle him in a hug. Steve let out a possessive growl, and the archer backed away quickly, taking his new bow and quiver with him.
“It was Barton and I, actually. You know how there is that one person in your life, that for whatever circumstances brought you together, they make you better? They always have your back?”
But he stayed quiet instead. Tony simply nodded, eyes narrowing at Steve as he put on his shoes, just like Steve asked. Tony was a genius, and he was smart enough to know that Steve was hiding something, and if he pressed now, Tony wouldn’t get anything out of him. No, he would bide his time. Take in all the information and variables, then gather enough evidence to shove it back into Steve’s face so that he would be forced to answer his questions.
Peter shrugged nonchalantly, but the red twinge of his cheeks gave him away. “It’s no problem, Mr. Stark. Your Advanced Robotics class is my favorite, and you’ve really done a lot to help me learn this year with all of the extra tutoring.”
first and foremost, not one of your lackeys.”
bullshit with me, not here, not now.” Tony warned brutally, stepping into Steve’s space, shoving his palms against his boyfriend’s chest. “You want me to follow ridiculously
“He needs more morphine, ma’am.” Bucky explained gruffly, looking up from his tablet from his spot in the visitor’s chair. Tony raised his eyebrows in surprise, wondering what the hell he was doing here in the first place.
Steve had to take a few deep breaths to keep from screaming out his fury. It was Stane, just as he’d suspected. Bucky came back down the steps, a solemn expression on his face, and Steve knew exactly what words were about to come out of his mouth.
’ Well, wasn’t that interesting.
Steve wasn’t really surprised that Tony knew his way around a car. With how much information was probably running through his brain, Tony probably could tear the entire truck apart and put it back together so that it ran ten times better than it originally did. “Good eye, 450 horsepower. My friends and I hunt as often as we can, so it comes in handy.” When he settled into his own seat, he asked, “If you could drive any car, what would you choose?”
that could give this powerful man an order. The sheer force of gratitude and love that came with that understanding sent him reeling, and Tony leaned forward to press his lips lightly against Steve’s. “Please.”
Who the hell was she? And why was she in Tony’s apartment? Was she a roommate? A girlfriend? A one night stand? The question was killing him.
“I, I-
“No, I’m going to let him do that for me.”
Tony scoffed, “Yeah right. If you would have known I was a Stark, you wouldn’t have come within fifty feet of me.”
For a moment, he saw Bucky’s face, screaming at him in muffled tones, as if he was underwater, before it slowly faded away into the man’s face he subconsciously memorized on the beach. Instead of a smirk, a full on smile greeted him, warming Steve at his very core, spreading outwards from his chest towards his extremities. The man’s brunette hair tousled in the breeze, the slight curls framing his tanned face as he closed the distance between the two of them.
Sam tilted his head, and Clint was sure he was narrowing his eyes underneath the mask. “Why not?”
Apparently, that was enough of an explanation for his friends. They all gave “oh’s, and ah’s,” before finally shutting up and settling in to watch television.
So when he came face to face with Johann Schmidt, who operated under the name Red Skull, Steve didn’t hesitate to make the nickname a little more accurate. While the killing had been messy, merciless, and downright barbaric, Steve didn’t so much as flinch as he stared down at the man who had murdered hundreds of people, destroyed even more lives, and took his best friend’s arm. The world was a safer place without someone like Johann Schmidt running around.
“I’m fine. A little banged up, but nothing I can’t heal from with time. Tony, I am so, so-“
Steve smiled, pushing down his amusement at the younger man’s continued confusion. “
you in the mood for?”
“I will set off the bomb at the marathon! You know I will! It might not start until tomorrow, but plenty of people will still be on that street!” The man was getting desperate. When Tony didn’t answer his demands quick enough, he sent his fist flying across his face.
“Shh,” Steve soothed, nosing his way down Tony’s jaw. He sat back on his haunches, knees bracketing his boyfriend’s hips. He dipped his fingers underneath Tony’s shirt and splayed them against his abs, relishing in the way Tony sucked in a sharp breath at the contact. Steve was careful as he pulled his shirt over Tony’s head, then returned his boyfriend’s hands to the bed. “Keep them there, love.”
“Are you sure that’s the best way to handle this?”
Pepper finally arrived, decked out in sweatpants, a hoodie, and the goofy long Star Wars socks Tony had gotten her for Christmas, with the ice cream in tow. She pulled out two spoons and knocked their shoulders together on the bed. “Okay, tell me everything. I don’t want any detail left out.”
in his direction.
will be the first grievance to be punished.”
Zemo had the audacity to crackle in laughter. “
“Bruce will provide technical support from our central base here. Thor will ensure that Tony remains at home, in case the Hydra sympathizer decides to utilize our absence for an attack.”
The piercing glare Rogers gave him had Tony squirming uncomfortably in his seat. When the mob boss spoke, the words were careful, yet sharp, as if he was cutting into Tony with a delicate blade. “If anyone learns of my true identity, then it’s only a matter of time before they find you. My enemies are now your enemies, Tony. If someone learns of your name, they will go after the ones you love in order to hurt you, without hesitation. They know that if they hurt you, they hurt me.”
Tony chuckled, bright and pleased, before pulling out a quiver full of arrows and a new bow. “You already know what to expect, Legolas. But for the rest of the class, this is a collapsible recurve bow, with a mechanized quiver that stores and deploys your different arrows. Most of them are trick arrows, so you’ll have to check the tips’ color to see what they do.”
That was news to Tony. He couldn’t help raking his eyes over the man once again, then catching himself and fighting the flinch of remembering his own father’s reprimand of just exactly what he thought of Tony ogling other men. He played it off with a shrug. “I guess it’s just surprising. All of my students are even younger than I am. I never pegged you as one yourself.”
Last night, Tony had stayed up all night, yet again, jumping between his own projects, redlining his students’ completely useless papers on Thermodynamics, and completing the upcoming week’s lesson plans. Tony’s work on his project had doubled since he was working alone, so that didn’t help either. He had the
.” He argued, wheezing through his teeth. “M’fine.” The one time Tony had ever sought out pain medicine by his own volition, Howard had shoved him down the remaining stairs and cursed him for being so
“Or what?”
“We are alone,” Pietro agreed, silent tears running down his face. “Our parents were killed in their homes. We only just got away. They will send us back to die.”
He nodded, working himself up to it. “Right, okay. So when you got here, you, uh, you called me something. Mr., uh, Carbonell.”
Bucky shrugged, crossing his arms and leaning against the bay walls. “I was a sniper in the army. It was my job.”
A man limped into the room, his black uniform caked with fresh blood. His face looked like it had come in contact with an anvil. The moment he stepped through the threshold, he stumbled onto his knees. “It’s them, sir.” He rasped.
They all turned to look at him, with various expressions. Bucky looked more pissed off than anything, while Clint was confused, maybe even a little hurt that Steve had inserted himself into the operation. Natasha just raised a perfectly shaped eyebrow, but otherwise kept her face blank.
.” Tony corrected smugly.
Tony outright laughed in response before sighing in relief. “Hey, Pepper-pot.”
Happy Monday! I hope you had a wonderful weekend. I've got up to ch. 12 written so far, and I'm still chugging along! Once I finish writing, I'll be updating twice a week.
They were both panting hard, heavy breaths mixing together through the proximity. “I, uh.” He started, gently caressing Tony’s face, fingertips outlining his trimmed beard and trying to renew the blood flow to his brain. “I need to get you home.”
He hummed. “Lived in the same neighborhood in Brooklyn, actually. Gave him a warning that if didn’t keep his hands off of the dames who didn’t want him, we’d kindly remove his head from his body.”
Stane snorted, a disgusting, demeaning sound. “I don’t give a fuck what happens to your kidneys, Stark. If I had it my way, you’d already be dead.”
“Don’t worry about it. It kind of looks like you might need it to stay on two feet.”
that? You’re
See you next week!
Steve growled, desperation clawing its way into his throat as he watched the man he loved struggle through so much fear. He made a split decision and climbed onto the bed, locking all of Tony’s limbs underneath him. He took a deep breath and shifted into his best “Captain” persona.
Tony was
Turns out Bruce had a surprisingly dry sense of humor, one that matched well with his own witty sarcasm. They had so much in common, and had run into many of the same people in their life, it was a little worrying that their paths never crossed. SI is contracted with the United States military, and General Ross, the same jackass that was after Bruce, is one of SI’s contacts. Tony himself had charmed the beautiful Betty Ross into dancing with him when he was eight years old at a fundraiser. The scientist was generally pretty closed off, but the fondness and affection in his voice when they spoke about Betty was undeniable. It was fairly obvious that Dr. Banner was still very much in love with his ex-fiancé.
If everything they said couldn’t be avoided, then he refused to be emotionally tied to his past, to revert back to the scared, bitter puppet he use to be. They might have control over his future works, but they would
on a date.”
Bucky took a deep breath, checked over his shoulder, and let the air out when he turned back to Tony. “Your ma’s been calling.”
“Have you given any more thought to what I asked of you?”
you are! You useless fucking slut-”
He never finished the sentence, because a bullet was suddenly lodged right between his eyes. Shots rang out around him, and he distantly heard the sound of bodies dropping. Tony heaved, the pain in his chest flaring to life again, and he clutched onto the bomb.
“For now, yes. If I change my mind, you know I’ll call. Love you, Pep. Give my best to Happy.”
Also, there's a lot going on in this chapter because everything is ramping up! The story will finish at 23 chapters....so we're nearing the end!
“Of course,” The voice sounded warm and enthused, and Steve didn’t think it was just his imagination. “It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Captain Rogers. In the untimely event of Sir’s demise, I am only to answer to you and First Lieutenant Rhodes.”
Tony sighed loudly, but a fond smile found its way onto his face. “No, you aren’t wrong.”
Clint and Natasha chose that moment to step into the room, shaking off their winter coats. “Since he started having me tail a grad student at MIT. I thought we weren’t supposed to make contact, Cap?”
Tony slapped him on the back, the only way he knew how to help someone who was having trouble breathing. It didn’t exactly help, but the sharp pain brought his focus back to Tony. Steve ran his hands through his hair and pulled slightly, eyes still captivated on the computer. “Who is that?”
“Steve
“Don’t even try that with me, Tony. Seriously, are you okay? After your stormout, I was expecting a blowup of massive proportions. The dramatic exit was exciting and all, but you didn’t bother coming back to actually cut ties with the bastard! I thought you were going to kick him out, not leave a note and disappear!”
Tony was silent for a few seconds, gathering his thoughts. “I mean, I just don’t want to tell him about Steve yet. What happens if he changes his mind? Or doesn’t like me after our date?”
“Love you too. Stay safe.”
fucking hated being Tony Stark
I hope you've enjoyed it so far! I'd love to hear your thoughts. Kudos/Comments are my lifeblood. xoxo
,” he spoke more firmly this time, and Tony had no choice but to listen.
were hurt.” His voice was rough now, and Tony could see a watery mist pooling at the corner of Steve’s eyes.
Steve gently ran a hand through Tony’s freshly washed hair, still pressing his hand to his mouth. “I love you Tony. Come back to me. Please, sweetheart. I need you.”
Tony panted, his lungs expanding as he greedily sucked in the humid air. He swallowed thickly and whined as his body demanded release. Rogers gave a low growl and ushered him back against the tile wall, his hands coming up to rest on either side of Tony’s head, caging him in. A voice in the back of Tony’s mind was pleased that Rogers was still respecting his promise and not reaching down to take what he so obviously wanted without permission.
When Tony’s eyes flickered open, he had just a spare moment to think
Tony hummed in agreement, then risked taking a step forward. “So...you’ll let me fix that arm of yours? Before the mission?” He licked his lips. “Because, you know, it’s just dangerous going into something like that with the wiring all convoluted, the percentage of failure grows each day that it-“
They spent a few hours working through all of the assignments, much longer than it would have taken him on his own, but both Peter and Thor were good students. They let him talk through things first, and spoke up when they didn’t understand something. It was more advanced than anything either of them had seen before, but they absorbed the information readily.
His boyfriend rapped his knuckles against the table and snapped his fingers together in an attempt to direct his nervous energy. “JARVIS, say hello to Steve. You remember me telling you about him, right?”
Steve was leaning against the wall, observing the room protectively with his arms crossed over his chest, while Rhodes sat next to Tony on the bed and Pepper took the visitor’s chair. He was proud to admit that he didn’t feel any twinge of jealousy over the hands each of them were holding, knowing that Tony needed all the comfort he could get right now.
Bucky pulled the car into one of the shipping containers the Avengers had redesigned as personal garages to stow their vehicles, in case a drone or helicopter ever searched for them, and turned off the ignition. His best friend clapped a hand onto his shoulder as they stepped out into the warm spring night air with lips twitching upwards. “You know I’ll always have your back, right Stevie?”
“The same goes for me. Finishing school is important to me, but I already have my two doctorates, and a last name that is going to get me more places than I deserve. You, though…” Tony reached up and cupped Steve’s face, tracing his jawline with his fingers. “You saved my life. I wouldn’t be here with you. You accepted me, and loved me when I was at my lowest. Your safety is my number one priority too. We’re in this together now, right?”
He huffed and rolled his eyes, smirking at Thor when he chuckled. “Fine, but not a minute later, okay?”
He couldn’t hold back the yawn that snuck up on him, and Natasha ran her fingers through his hair. “Go ahead and get some rest. Either us or Clint and Bruce will be here when you wake up.”
A deafening crash sounded above them, and Tony shivered in relief. Steve was
Tony found himself smiling back and pulling up his sleeves to reveal the metal webbing across his wrist. “You got it, Cap. They aren’t really powerful just yet, I haven’t worked out a viable energy source for long term use, but for now, they basically let me direct small amounts of plasma to ignite a projection. It won’t kill anyone, but it will knock them on their ass if they get too close.”
Tony wasn’t sure what to say to that. It was true that all of the abuse, destruction, and heartache he’d endured over the years had brought him straight to Steve. He could admit that if Howard and Maria Stark hadn’t been such shitty parents, and the Hydra mole in SI hadn’t sold weapons, then he and Steve probably wouldn’t have never met. If Tony hadn’t decided to break free from weapons manufacturing, he would be back at SÍ by now, working under his father and probably being groomed to take over the company one day. Who knows how many people would be dead? And...would the Avengers have come after his family eventually? Could he have been a potential target down the line?
See you next Monday!
The corners of Steve’s lips twitched upwards, and he continued his gradual assault down Tony’s body. At each one of his scars, Steve lavished them gently with the flat of his tongue, pouring out as much love as he could muster into each of his kisses. By the time he reached Tony’s navel, his boyfriend was gasping in desperation, strings of half-choked muttering and pleading falling off of his lips. Steve’s resolve began to crumble, and a low growl resounded within his chest. His hands snapped towards Tony’s pants and yanked them down before stuffing his entire face into Tony’s still-clothed crotch.
The Avengers would also need to deal with the fallout from having Pepper and Peter know the true business behind the seemingly normal group of friends. Pepper was more perceptive than anyone gave her credit for, and Peter Parker was a certified genius. The two of them had figured out who Steve and the Avengers were the moment they returned home with Tony, but hadn’t bothered to give their opinion yet, too happy to have their friend safe and sound.
Tony grinned and sorted through the unopened box, picking up a piece with pepperoni on it. “I’m in.”
. About thirty seconds after he woke up, catching his deep caramel brown eyes with Steve’s blue ones and letting him know that he would always have him, despite the “Captain” shaped elephant in the room, Tony practically sprung out of bed, hyperventilating and ranting about the bombs Hydra planted in Hopkinton, tearing through five stitches in the process.
“Yeah,” Clint agreed, grabbing a broom from the closet and sweeping up the loose hair on the ground. “You more than the rest of us, and that’s saying something.”
a prosthetic, at least not one that was currently on the market.
trained his gun on us.”
He nodded towards Bucky and slid his shield off his back, holding it up and cocking his gun as Bucky had and rolled his shoulders in front of the bar’s front entrance. They had no desire to sneak in, or take them out from a long range. They had blocked off all other entrances, so there was no way out for the cowards who might try to run. The Captain wanted Zemo to know what was coming for him, and that there was no escape.
“I’d actually like to take you on a date.” Steve decided, parking the truck outside of the shitty apartments Tony had pointed out. He turned in his seat so that he could take in Tony’s deer-in-the-headlights look. “If you’re okay with that, of course. If that makes you uncomfortable, I’d like to still be friends. Maybe get a cup of coffee again.”
to take care of.
“Hold up there, Point-Break. I’m going to need a bedtime story. I only fall asleep to the thrilling tales of the Avengers. Soon, I’ll ask Steve to make a comic book with all of your adventures. It would sell out within a week.”
“His ma called.”
Tony didn’t say anything for a few long minutes, trying to wrap his mind around the truth now that it was finally laid out in front of him. “You saved me.” He decided that particular piece trumped everything else. “I don’t care about the rest of it.”
“I need you to teach me how to be gentle. For you.” Rogers’ breath slipped in and out of his ear, sending delicious chills over his skin. His body wanted more of everything Rogers was giving. “I need you, Tony.”
Steve didn’t hesitate to step into his space and wrap his arms around Tony, kissing his hair gratefully. “Thank you, sweetheart. When I get back, we’ll talk, okay? I promise.”
He wasn’t surprised to see Rogers appear out of the corner of his eye, but he hadn’t actually prepared himself for the possibility that the man would follow Tony’s lead. The mob boss was stark naked as he stepped under the shower head, lifting his face so that the spray fell down around him.
Huge shoutout to my incredible beta @MugiwaraLexi. Couldn't have done this without you!
him. The man he
Steve trusted her to get the job done in his absence, and she didn’t disappoint. Nobody even noticed his absence, which allowed him to build another team here in Boston without anyone becoming the wiser. The Avengers were still in their early stages, but all of the ground work had been laid. Bucky was adamant that Steve must be carrying around some kind of lucky talisman or something for him to bring five of the most talented, brilliant, and dangerous criminals with an unwavering sense of loyalty together, four hundred miles outside of New York.
Steve blinked, moving his singular gaze from Tony to Bucky, who was staring hard at him from the chair beside the hospital bed. “Right, sorry about that.” He’s had a hard time focusing on anything besides the man tucked under his arm since the attack. Since he didn’t have any plans to move out of Tony’s weak grasp, he needed to rely on his friends to take care of a few things.
. Howard left me with only one real option, of course.”
Thor, that blessed greek god of a man, must have sensed Tony’s mounting distress, because he snatched both sets of hands away from him and pushed between the three men. Thor was menacing in a way Obie and Howard could never dream of being, radiating power and nobility. “We will be taking our leave now. Tony has his presentation to attend.” He told them darkly, pushing forward until both men skidded back along the sidewalk.
Shoutout to my beta @MugiwaraLexi.
Before he could reach the first lock, the door at the end of the corridor burst open and out poured ten guards in stark black uniforms, all with their weapons raised ready to fire.
At that, Tony squirmed a little on the couch. He shouldn’t mention anything. It was nothing. “I, uh, nothing. Everything’s fine.”
Tony just nodded against his touch, letting his eyes fall shut. Steve watched his boyfriend unfurl and relax until his breathing evened out, signaling that he was finally asleep.
Steve didn’t move from Tony’s bedside for six days. The moment they had gotten into the van, Bruce had his medical kit ready. It wasn’t much, but it was enough to get Tony to the hospital. The doctors had operated on him for four hours, and Steve had never been so wrung out in his entire life.
At the moment, however, Steve decided to return his attention to the coastline below. As he twisted the high-powered binoculars in his hands into focus and took in the crest of the waves and the vibrant contrast of the foam dancing across the sandbar, already planning his next painting, a figure stumbled into his line of sight.
“What?” Clint asked, obviously frustrated now. “No! You gave me an order to stop, and I followed it.”
He knew that Steve loved Tony, because he had told him so. But hearing it and seeing it for himself were two completely different things. A ghost of a smile tugged at Bucky’s lips at the thought of what the Captain was going to do to the people who dared to harm Tony Stark.
“Don’t even think about finishing that sentence.” Tony warned, his eye twitching in the process. “It wasn’t your fault. It was Hydra’s, and whoever told Hydra about me.”
forgive his parents for the way they treated him, for the decisions they made that cost the lives of so many innocent people. He shook off that line of thinking and struggled to push himself up, waving away Bucky’s hand.
Tony stiffened, feeling as if someone had just dumped a bucket of ice water over his head. Dread seeped into his veins, and Tony let out a strangled sound. “
As predicted, the only avenue that panned out in the search for Tony was tracking his cell phone. Even if Stane had destroyed it, which he most likely did, Bruce had suggested that each of them insert a tracking device inside so that he and Tony could keep an eye out on everybody’s locations in the field.
Pepper raised an interested eyebrow and leaned to rest her chin stop her fist. “What
Tony’s entire body stiffened at the sound of the familiar voice. Monocle Man didn’t seem to notice his reaction, because he just gave a dirty laugh and tossed Tony onto the floor like he weighed nothing. He crashed harshly, new waves of pain flooding his vision as he whited out for a moment. When he opened his eyes again, the Hydra leaders had dropped their weapons. All of them except Monocle Man.
Both men stopped in their tracks, raising an expectant eyebrow at the young man. “Uh, why would you want to go there?” Sam asked.
. Tony thought.
I hope you enjoy!
Sam nodded, switching back on the television and picking up his abandoned pizza. “We were just watching ‘Return of the Jedi.’ You in?”
, love-you’ve gotta
Five minutes later, Clint led his group, including Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, through the warehouse doors where Sam and the others waited. Everyone was in various states of dress, all looking as if someone had found a battered piece of cloth from a thrift store and threw it at their prisoners. Sam was holding a young boy’s hand, and Clint’s stomach flipped in disgust at the thought of why he was here.
Steve’s gaze softened considerably, and he reached out to intertwine their fingers, rubbing the pad of his thumb over Tony’s knuckles. “Your family’s butler.” Tony nodded and Steve pressed a kiss to his temple and turned back to the laptop. “It’s nice to meet you too, JARVIS. Though I will do everything in my power to make sure that you always,
Rogers shrugged absently. “Mob bosses can be Gryffindors too, Tony.” His face grew serious once again. “I need your word that you’ll be careful.”
Someone that Tony
They kept up a light banter as Bruce took off the gauze and cleaned his wounds, which weren’t as painful as the day before. When they had the clean bandages wrapped around, Tony swallowed the two pills offered and downed a glass of water. He wasn’t hungry again just yet, so he let Clint take a pair of scissors to his hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
Obie nodded understandingly and reached out to pat him on the back, trying to encourage some distance between him and Thor, but the taller man would not be moved. His godfather frowned for a moment, then replaced it with a wide grin. “So happy to hear that, Tony! Well, we just heard that you had your final Thesis Defense this morning, and wanted to wish you luck.”
Harley pushed forward through two students and stepped up nervously. “What happened? Who is that?”
? They aren’t here for me!”
Tony gritted his teeth and snapped his gaze away, almost moving to cover himself in embarrassment before feeling the heat of another’s eyes on him. Rogers was finally looking at him. Tony felt a flash of white-hot triumph before an idea popped into his head.
A beat of silence before, “-Cap?”
And goddammit, Bucky was going to
their deaths. Apparently Howard had begun to suspect Stane of betraying him, and had it changed in secret. Everything, the company, the house, the assets, the money,
, Burger King works fine.”
“Obviously,” Tony drawled with a pop of his eyebrow. Bucky huffed in annoyance and jerked his head to Tony and Steve’s bedroom. Obviously he wanted a little privacy.
Tony’s stomach dropped out from under him. The rumors were true, Hydra what
The man in question stopped at a red light and turned around to face him, his eyes shining with fierce determination. “Show me what you’ve got, sweetheart.”
So he made a plan. He was a genius, after all. One that would keep Hydra from getting their hands on SI’s weapons while keeping the people in Boston safe. If he was lucky, maybe he could take out enough of Hydra that the Avengers had a chance of ridding the streets of any strays.
“You better close that for him before he starts catching flies,” Tony muttered, only half joking. It had been a whole hour and Steve wasn’t back yet. He looked down at his watch and frowned. He planned to spend the day in the University's lab working on his final project. Steve was supposed to bring him lunch and maybe finish up some of his landscaping homework there.
“Bomb.” He rasped. “Will blow the building…” Another breath. “No more Hydra.”
Steve made to open his own door, “Can I help you with those?”
Steve’s brow furrowed, and he sat up so that his back was leaning against the wall. He ran his nails softly along Tony’s back. “Feel what, sweetheart?”
Clint’s lips twitched upwards into a smirk. “You got it Cap. I’ll save that for later.”
DOUBLE UPDATE ALERT.
(See the end of the chapter for
Yeah, that wasn’t fucking happening. There wasn’t anything Stane could do to him to make him give up Steve. Not that he ever planned on letting him so much as try. He was
to breathe in fresh oxygen into his lungs, but the compound flooded his central nervous system and shut down any fight he had left.
I'm currently working through Chapter 9, so story is almost done, but not quite there yet.
, and nobody moved him unless he wanted to be moved.
Thanks for reading! I'd love to hear your thoughts/hopes/dreams about this story so far. Comments are my motivation.
Tony took a deep breath, the truth sitting on the tip of his tongue. For some reason, he couldn’t bring himself to tell her what really happened. Not yet. “I’m really sorry. I just...needed some space.” Before he could help it, the words started pouring out without his permission. “And I think I need a little bit more, Pep. My stuff has been cleaned out of Ty’s apartment, and I’m going to do my own thing for a while, okay? I’m not shirking on any of my duties, don’t worry, I’ve found another lab to work from. But...I’m not coming back to Malibu for a while.”
“Mhhmmm?” Tony was too wrung out to respond with actual words. Every muscle in his body was sated and fully relaxed. Steve’s other hand came down to draw patterns along his back, side, and stomach. Over the past four months, Steve really had taken care of Tony. His ribs were no longer visible, his skin had returned to it’s natural healthy olive tone, and his underlying muscles had found their way back to just beneath the surface.
When Steve stepped forward into the flickering spotlight, he watched the outraged surprise twist across Zemo’s face.
It was quiet for a few moments while Tony blinked at him, and Steve patiently waited for him to process the new information. “You actually want to go on a date with me?”
hungry for him, Steve would simply extract himself from Tony’s grip and tuck him into bed with a gentle kiss. The leader of the Avengers understood Tony in a way no one else did, and despite how they might have met or any other extenuating circumstances, he would always,
Tony worked his throat for a few seconds to confirm that he could actually speak without feeling like someone had their hand inside his chest. “He must have given me the good stuff.”
made JARVIS. He’s an extension of you and your mind. Of your heart and your soul. Tony, you loved Edwin Jarvis, and you brought back his memory and intertwined it with something
Steve was the fucking Captain.
“You...need my help?” Peter asked incredulously.
Tony had his friends by his side, and they gave him the confidence to run Stark Industries the way he wanted, starting with this press conference. He spun around to face Pepper, lightly tapping the delicate little ring box in his jacket pocket and giving her a fond smile, which she returned.
Tony hadn’t ever contemplated suicide before, no matter how low he got. It didn’t matter how hard his father hit him, or how hungry and tired and skinny he got from not being able to pay for food. He always wanted to change the world, and he couldn’t do that if he wasn’t a part of it.
. He was completely surrounded by Tony. His desperate breath hitching right along with Steve’s, his tongue wrestling with his own, his hands clambering over his shoulders, his chest, his stomach...
“Why’d you both decide to come be an ‘Avenger’ then?” Tony asked, feigning indifference. Truth was, after his conversation with Rogers earlier that morning, he was interested to see what made people stop whatever it was they were doing before and join up with one of the largest gangs in the country. What was it about Rogers that made people flock to him? Was he always cruel and calculating? Or did he often show others the kindness he showed Tony during his panic attack?
.” The annoyance lacing her tone snapped Tony’s eyes open, ready to snarl at the next person in line to hurry the fuck up, but he blinked in surprise to see the barista looking at
“Oh, you know.” Tony shrugged, obviously uncomfortable with the praise. He moved on, tossing Bruce a USB drive. “Brucie-bear, plug that bad boy into your personal computer, and it will start all of my personal upgrades. You won’t find better software anywhere else in the world because, you know, I made it.”
“I don’t know about that…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony?”
And now Tony was gone.
Thor stood up in reverence, crossed a fist over his heart and bowed. “Friend Tony, this gift shall be cherished for the rest of my days.”
“What would you have us do? If they get caught by the authorities, they could give the police a description.” Natasha snapped back, her carefully composed temper waning. Steve narrowed his eyes. There had to be a lot more going on with Natasha than a simple matter of two immigrants. He assumed it had to do with their second problem, but he could only focus on one thing at a time.
Natasha’s knee was bouncing almost obsessively, lightly tapping the end of the table, and it was starting to fry Steve’s nerves. Both she and Bruce were acting stranger than usual, and it made him uneasy. “Alright, Nat, tell us what you found.”
“He’s got to be the one who told fuckin’ Hydra about Tony!” Clint swore furiously and sank down, running his hands through his hair.
“Where the hell is everybody?” Bucky asked roughly. The pair stepped through the bay doors to reveal an empty warehouse where their team was supposed to be gathered.
Steve swallowed again, this time pushing up to his feet so that he stretched to his full height again. “I know, and I can’t promise that my...
. Not that I ever had any intention of letting him get that far.”
“We’re leaving today,” Rogers announced, interrupting Tony’s thoughts and running a large hand through his own wet hair. The movement caused his larger-than-life biceps to curl deliciously. “We’ll be guests at an offshore party, so take that under consideration while packing your bag.”
Tony wasn’t sure what he was expecting as he was forced to try out different outfits. Maybe Rogers would have him spin around slowly on the circular platform, those cerulean blue eyes hungrily undressing him in the way Tony was steadily becoming familiar with. Maybe he would have an opinion about each of the suits, dress shirts, blazers, slacks, and shoes the sales associates brought over. Maybe he would order Clint to take photos of Tony in his favorite outfits for later sketches.
Tony’s moan was positively obscene as he took a bite, and he delighted in the fact that Steve’s ears burned a bright pink. “There’s no use in denying me,” he reasoned with a lazy shrug. “I’ll be working on it with or without your help. At least if I’m with you, I’ll get a cool nickname.”
Through sheer force of will, Steve pulled back and touched his forehead to Tony’s, stilling his hands as they fumbled with Steve’s belt. Tony whined at the loss, mouth chasing after Steve’s.
Somehow, the thought didn’t exactly keep him from freaking out.
He followed her out into the wide conference room where fifty reports waited with their cameras flashing and their microphones outstretched. Rhodey waited for him by the podium, sharply dressed in his military uniform, and Tony didn’t miss the faint blush on either his or Pepper’s face as their eyes roamed over each other. Steve was sitting down on stage, Tony’s personal guest, with Bucky at his shoulder and Nat, Clint, Sam, and Thor posted around the room as personal security.
The older man didn’t reply, so Tony looked up to see Steve’s head tilted in thought, eyes brazenly raking across his ragged form. As he opened his mouth to say something,
“Copy.”
“Famous last words…” his boyfriend pouted, sinking further into the couch.
Enjoy!
“I…” He muttered, lips barely moving over the words. “I wish you had been better.”
She’d never been with a man before.
“Mr. Stark! Are you okay?”
to get out from underneath his father’s thumb, and now they were forcing him back under. A life where they abused him, physically and emotionally, stole his ideas, and tricked him into building weapons for terrorists. If everything Obie and his father were saying was true, then everything Tony had done simply for
that that man would move heaven and hell for you.”
“Copy.”
? You don’t get to treat me like a child, Steve. You’re my
The corners of Tony’s lips twitched. “Yes, really. You and your team do really important work. You stop people that the police are either too ignorant to touch or are too corrupt to pursue. I wasn’t lying when I said I fell a little bit in love with you in New York. I love who you are. I love
“Can you give us any leads?” Natasha asked, strictly business now.
The classic tale of James Rogerus and his migration from Dublin, Ireland to Brooklyn, New York was shared frequently and fondly in the Rogers household, as well as whispered as a warning in surrounding neighborhoods, which eventually expanded into surrounding cities and states. From his less-than-desirable pennilessness to the explosive beginnings of the most feared Irish-American gang on the Eastern seaboard, the Howling Commandos,
“Bruce is right,” Steve agreed with a nod before turning to Clint. “Call Coulson and keep him updated on our plan. But make sure that by the time he arrives, everyone is out of there. No contact whatsoever.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Until now.
Whatever he was going to say was cut off by the lead pipe colliding with his jaw. Zemo cried out in pain and his knees gave out on him, but Bucky just held him tighter for Steve to continue his assault. He got another good hit in before stepping right into Zemo’s space, ignoring the blood that spattered his clothes and the ground below them.
Happy Monday everyone!
The Avengers gathered around the table read through the updated files the spies provided, and memorized the faces of the key players. Natasha leaned back against one of the chairs and clicked through the slides with a dangerous smirk playing across her lips. “We were able to determine a routine of sorts, shown here. I’ll defer to you, Cap, but I would suggest our earlier plan of dividing and conquering. Have someone go in to ransack the loot, two to break out the victims and get them hauled to the hospital, and then you and Barnes can tear down the bar and take care of Zemo.”
He chuckled, “Oh, trust me, I fully intend on joining your little fight club, Widow. Just wait until you see the plans I have for you…”
So when he was given a time frame, no matter how short or long it might be, a countdown clock would nestle itself into the corners of his mind, providing an endless supply of numbers flashing behind his lids every time he closed his eyes.
Steve hesitated, which was...confusing.
Tony was terrified of losing him.
And then Steve came along.
Oh, p.s., I'm a huge PJO fan, so shoutout to anyone who caught my not-so-disguised reference...
She tapped the line on her comm unit. “Bruce, are you in?”
Nevertheless, Pietro kept his torso in front of his sister during the entire interrogation, something Bucky admired about the kid. They told the Avengers about the murder of their parents back in Sokovia, and how they hid behind a fake wall in the closet of their basement. Apparently they were holed up there for days before it was finally safe to flee. They’ve been running ever since. Once they landed in America, they took up odd jobs around the marina and neighborhoods to pay for a shitty apartment. When Zemo’s men put their hands on Wanda, Pietro tried to fight them off, but couldn’t overpower men like that, and so they just took both of them. They’d only been captured two weeks or so before the Avengers rescued them, but neither of the Maximoffs were willing to discuss what they’d endured during that time frame.
The man nodded, rubbing a hand at the nape of his neck. “Yeah, I just...feel bad, you know? Bruce and I were supposed to protect you.”
Hope y'all enjoyed this! I love Peter more than anything, so his and Tony's relationship is really fun to write. Thank you to everyone who has commented/given kudos/followed this story, it's been really encouraging, and it helps me write faster :)
The noise was finally too much for him, and Tony collapsed to the ground. He still held the bomb in his hand and contemplated just setting it off, but he didn’t want to hurt the Captain and his Avengers. They were here to wipe out Hydra, and after what they did in New York, Tony trusted them to get the job done.
An hour later, Tony led Steve through the doors of MIT’s engineering lab practically bouncing on the balls of his feet. Steve’s smile matched his boyfriend’s, the enthusiastic energy spilling over in waves.
Tony turned twenty-one one week after Obie killed Maria and Howard and kidnapped him. He spent it mourning his parents at their funeral. Steve and the Avengers kept the vultures off of his back for as long as they could, and he managed to sneak away back to the mansion with Rhodey without anyone following them. The two of them had gotten absolutely obliterated on Howard’s stash of liquor, and fell asleep crying in each other’s arms.
“He punched him right in the face, broke his nose and everything.” Steve was smirking, eyes alight with laughter. “And then he shot an arrow through his bulletproof vest to trap him against the wall. Then Clint strolled right up to Coulson and stuck his tongue down his throat.”
Tony wouldn’t survive the future if his past still sat heavily on his heart.
His jaw locked immediately, and Steve put the truck in drive. “I’m on my way.”
The fact that he had gone from one of the richest kids in the country to quite literally living paycheck to paycheck was more than a little demeaning. The research grants were enough to cover his tuition,
Someone would find him. Someone would find him and rescue him, and he would tell everyone about the bombs and they would all get to safety. Then he could go home and curl into Steve’s lap, not even caring how angry he was at him at the moment.
“I don’t...I don’t know what to say.” Steve muttered, the heels of his hands digging across his face. Tony pulled them away and sunk back down into the bed, exhaustion taking over again. Steve maneuvered them around so that he was under the covers, Tony resting in the crook between his outstretched arm and his chest. “I love you too, Tony Stark.” Steve kissed his temple and ran his fingers along Tony’s curls. “Sleep now.”
Clint took off running down the hall, flipping on the lights to reveal eight cells on each side. Men, women, and children of all ages huddled against the gritty back walls, whimpering as they wrapped bare arms around themselves.
And now Bucky was telling him that the rival gang was resurfacing. Steve took two calming breaths, forcing down his desired immediate reaction of putting his fist through a wall, instead wanting to wait to take out his frustration on the Hydra scum, and set his jaw. “Take me to him.”
The Black Widow was known for being quick, efficient, and without any fanfare when it came to her kills. It was said that she could use almost anything around her as a weapon, that if you saw the black spider mask in your line of vision, you were just as likely to be shot down with whatever weapon was in her possession as you were to be strangled to death by a thread of string hanging loose from your curtains. She wasn’t picky when deciding how her mark might meet their untimely death, as long as it was over swiftly.
The drivers of the truck had taken Tony. They hadn’t even so much as looked at Sam or Bruce, but they went straight for Tony. Sam was a little green as he told them about the obvious injuries he saw on the genius, and Bucky’s hardened stomach threatened to upheave at the possibility that the love of his best friend's life didn’t survive his injuries. Apparently, the glass shards had embedded themselves all along Tony’s body, slicing up his arms and fracturing right inside his chest. Blood had been everywhere. It was difficult to look at the crime scene photos.
He glanced around the room and caught sight of the medical tools Stane meant to use on Tony, and Bucky could practically see the gears working in his mind. Steve crossed the room in two strides and picked up the bag, selecting an assortment of tools.
Steve could barely swallow past the lump in his throat. “Tony…”
I hope you enjoyed all of the happy feels :)
“Mr. Stark, we are pleased to inform you that we as a committee have unanimously agreed to pass your Artificial Intelligence thesis. You are astoundingly talented, and we cannot wait to see what you bring to the world next.”
A bright light was suddenly thrust too close to his face, and Tony groaned, trying to claw his way back to the sweet expanse of darkness.
Bruce sighed again, pushing up from his chair and disappearing behind the bedroom door for a few seconds before returning with the bottle of his pain reliever, a glass of water, and a first aid kit.
“Rhodey.”
Steve rolled his eyes, looking positively delicious, and suddenly Tony was desperate to receive a clean bill of health. “You want to know what I think? I think we need to get you the hell out of this house.”
(See the end of the chapter for
persona. His back was ramrod straight with a line of tension, and the width of his stance suggested he was ready for a fight.
He exaggerated a groan and rested his head atop her lap. “So well, Pep. He’s picking me up after class tomorrow.”
“You heard me. It’s a place a few veterans hang out, nothing fancy. Steve happened to sit next to me at the bar, and we hit it off. Next thing I know, some little shit comes in with his frat buddies, running his mouth about a bunch of nonsense he doesn’t really understand. Everyone tried their best to ignore them, but they got into the face of one of the older guys, and well, someone threw the first punch.”
Tony snorted, throwing his hands out to the side. “It wasn’t fate though, was it? It was you.”
“Oh fuck!” Tony cried out as he spilled his release onto his knuckles, biting his lip so hard that it bled. He fell back against the tile with a light thud, chest rising and falling rapidly from exertion while he dropped down from his high. Rogers still had his hands caged on either side of Tony’s head and was so close that his heat swirled around Tony, filling his senses.
“Steve, Steve,
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose and looked down at the concrete floor, too ashamed to meet Bucky’s eye. “I can’t even begin to tell you how sorry I am. It’s my fault that you lost your arm, and it’s my fault that all of those innocent people are dead. They used my weapons, and...and…”
The fingers in his hair dug a little into his scalp, and Tony moaned in satisfaction. “Thank you for telling me the truth. I can’t imagine that it was easy for you.”
But we don’t always get what we want. Tony didn’t have any sort of medical background, but even he knew that the damage to his chest would most likely kill him in a few days if he wasn’t treated properly. All Hydra really did watch patch him up and pump him full of drugs. So, if he had the chance to save thousands, and he was going to die anyway, he wasn’t going to throw a perfectly good opportunity away.
“I, uh, yeah,” He coughed, running a hand over his beanie. “I would, yeah, like that. A lot. Like a lot a lot.”
“You’ll change your mind.” The mob boss told him matter-of-factly, no hint of doubt in his ringing voice. “You just need to help me a little bit.”
“She stood by and watched as my father cut me off.” He chewed on the inside of the cheek with a heavy frown tugging at his lips. “She watched as he put his cigarettes out on my arm, threw me down the stairs, added rings to his fingers before smacking me around.” Tony hissed in frustration. “My mother sat back and did
Tony was becoming more and more agitated. The tingling was uncomfortable now, and he couldn’t stop himself from craning his neck to look around the room. “Like...like someone is watching us.”
“So...Steve basically just picked you up at a bar? And you became an Avenger?”
Steve seemed to realize where this was headed as well, because he rearranged himself on the bed and hung his head. “I’m sorry for not telling you, Tony. I can understand if you don’t want to be with someone like me, I wouldn’t blame you. Not after what I’ve done.”
“Go on,” Steve encouraged, rubbing small circles along Tony’s back.
The thought slipped away as the medicine did its job, and Tony curled more fully into Steve as his eyelids grew heavier from overwhelming relief.
A shot rang out, a hiss slicing too close to his ear, and Steve's face was abruptly splattered with something warm and wet, a sharp pain in his chest immediately following. The dead weight in his arms and a sudden lightheadedness caused him to stumble backwards, crashing onto the rooftop with a sharp cry. A ringing sensation soaked into his ears until black spots danced across his line of vision.
Ohhhh Thanos. Steve isn't afraid though!
When his gaze landed back on Rogers’ thick and dripping member, fully hard now, the hairs on the back of his neck prickled, telling him that the mob boss was watching him with heated and dangerous eyes. “Do you want anything from me or are you just looking?”
Tony blinked. What the hell? He narrowed his eyes, tucking his cup closer to his skinny frame and leaning back in the chair. “I take care of myself just fine, thank you very much.
? The sole heir to Stark Industries? The same weapons manufacturer that secretly deals to terrorists? Like the ones that blew my
I hope y'all enjoyed this update, and have a wonderful rest of your week!
Tony blushed, then realized that he hadn’t heard this story yet. “Dive bar?”
“Hey!” He protested as Steve emptied his underwear drawer into the bag. Tony grunted in annoyance and started dressing quickly as well. “You’ve never taken me to your place before! Why are we all of a sudden running there now?”
That’s not to say that everyone in Tony’s life were monsters. Jarvis was the closest thing he ever had to a real father, but even he couldn’t risk standing up to Howard or Maria, or they would have kicked him out of Tony’s life forever. Jarvis did his best to protect him from the worst aspects of his family, and Tony would be forever grateful, but his many scars and bruises from his time growing up didn’t fade quite as easily as he’d hoped.
“With pleasure.” He promised, kissing him gently once more before turning to face Stane.
Steve might have been out of breath, but it didn’t do anything to diminish the righteous anger that was controlling him. “Lucy Carlisle and Susan Gleeson stopped by our apartment tonight. Lucy seems to think you put your hands on her without her permission.”
“I get it, I do.” Tony grumbled, running a shaky hand through his hair. “I appreciate that you want to keep me safe, and that you planned on letting me get enough sleep for my defense, but we have to
Happy Monday y'all! Sorry this update is a little later in the day than normal, my grandpa just got out of the hospital after being there for about a month, and I'm spending the mornings/afternoons taking care of him. Hoping to keep up these double updates though!
There was a beat of hesitation before he answered, which instantly caused Tony to straighten. “The team is fine, and the mission went as planned.”
“Well, I have a project I’m working on, Steve knows all about it. If I don’t finish, then I don’t pass the course, and I don’t get my doctorate. I was supposed to be in the lab all afternoon, but then he basically kidnapped me and is holding me for ransom here…”
. I’m being serious here!”
Tony leaned in, careful to keep his voice down so that the family in the booth behind them couldn’t hear. “I finally got the all clear from my doctor, Pep. It’s been weeks!
“...yes.” He threw his arm over his eyes to block out the overhead light and his reflection above. “Please, Pep. I need to do this.”
Tony frowned, sitting up and pulling his laptop out of the backpack stuffed with clothes. “That’s not going to work for me.” He thought through a few possible scenarios, and gave Bruce his best, Tony Stark smile. “Steve asked you to watch me, right?”
Thor grinned again, wide and blinding. “Of course you are, but I do so enjoy your company.”
. Clint, Nat, Buck, come with me to the warehouse.” He locked onto Sam and Bruce. “You two are going to stay here and watch Tony.”
Tony couldn’t help but snort as he pushed off of the bed, slapping away their hands. “No, Underoos. I’m offering to let an undergrad help me with my doctoral busy work. I’m still your tutor, right? No better way to learn than starting on advanced material.”
Tony’s head snapped up at that. The Avengers? They were the rival gang that had popped up in Boston. Not much was known about them besides the fact that they were lethal, and very very good at their jobs.
Tony snorted and lowered his head so that it was resting in the crook of his boyfriend’s neck. “I can’t imagine why.” He smiled dryly, taking a deep breath and re-memorizing Steve’s scent of lemon and pine.
Three days before they finally had a break in the case.
you. I was too stubborn to involve you in my business, and I left you with my friends. The second I left your side, everyone got hurt.
“Steve is a good man.” Bruce implored, helping him back onto the bed. Tony wasn’t about to admit it, but he was feeling pretty worn down again. “He takes care of his own, and he’s going to take care of you.”
He still couldn’t believe it himself. Tony ran a hand over the grin stretched across his face. “I have a
“After the bar closes to pedestrians, the Winter Soldier and I will go in and take it. I’m not interested in prisoners, and I don’t care for pleas or explanations. I want Zemo and everyone who had their hand in this shit show dead.” He took a moment to sit back in his chair and flip the file closed with a heavy
Steve scowled, turning his back on them and walking back towards the office. He didn’t want to be out in the open while they talked about Tony. His Tony. That someone was
Tony placed both palms against the black tiles, letting the water slide down his back as he arched it. His ass was on display, making his exhibitionist side purr in pleasure. If Rogers thought he could get away with sliding into bed with Tony while he was sleeping, then he could also deal with Tony standing in front of him naked and wet and not be able to touch him.
It was a few more hours until Clint came into the hospital room to give them the all clear. The FBI found three bombs planted directly along the starting line of the marathon, and if it wasn’t for Tony, they could have gone off at any time, regardless if the detonator was destroyed or not.
