John was the one assuring his safety, if he was gone Sherlock would have no choice but to leave too. To return to the north where Mycroft would find a way to learn where he had been and Sherlock hated to think of what his brother may do; not to him, but to John's kingdom for hiding him. Through John he had become rather fond of the southern people, though he had yet to meet them, and he found himself worrying for their safety as John did.
Sherlock doesn’t notice that he has become lost in his thoughts until the dresser speaks, startling him slightly. “Here you are, sir.”
Sherlock lifts his knees and allows himself to float, suspended weightless in the water, eyes closed. He hears the light slashing as John returns to him. his hair is adorably mussed from where he’d run his hands through it upon surfacing.
The icy air bites at his skin as he drops from the carriage, impressed with himself that he could affect an air of nonchalance despite the growing sense of dread in his gut. There really was no turning back.
“No.” Again, the response from Sherlock is clipped and detached. “I have found that when other’s… learn of it they regard me differently. They look on me as though I may break with the slightest touch. There are times I feel I will.”
“What?” Greg pants as he crashed through the already partially flattened shrubbery, tripping spectacularly over John’s forgotten rifle. When he catches sight of the man in his king’s lap, Greg Lestrade unleashes such a string of profanities as would have made even John blush had he not been so thoroughly distracted.
“Early thirties, unmarried, no children. Her hair is professionally colored and her nails are kept neat but not manicured. So she’s employed somewhere professional but where she does a lot of work with her hands, didn’t see a point in spending the extra money. She didn’t make much, or if she did she didn’t spend it on her clothes. Business casual, not cheap but not in season, some of her pieces are high end— off season retailer— others are high street.”
A chalice is presented to them, shining silver inlayed with jewels and stamped with the Holmes family crest. Sherlock being the higher ranking between them takes the cup first and places the cool rim to his lips.
He feels as though he is under water, all he can hear is the pounding of his blood in his ears. He thinks he might be shaking, but he can’t tell… he is numb.
He forces the dream from his mind. As he sinks back into reality he is struck with a sudden and vicious pang of dread as he sees that the grey dawn has begun to peak in through the curtains.
They sit in their chairs by the empty hearth; Sherlock tries not to notice how his is slightly warm still.
Its half past six in the morning here in south-east Ohio, and the sun has not yet risen. i started this chapter last night but sleep was calling. So naturally, when I woke up hours before my alarm, I made my coffee and went right to my laptop to finish it. I have an early class anyway :P
John leans forward to gently place his hand on Sherlock’s cheek and look into his eyes. “No one deserves to be treated the way you have been. No one.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, as if it were obvious. His face becomes sad then, “I doubt anyone would even have noticed if I had simply stopped turning up for dinner.”
“John was a gifted soldier, dedicated in a way one rarely sees, but he was trained as a medic, and he was only a boy. Our people were dropping like flies and leadership was needed, so he was awarded the rank of captain and charged with leading a small squad on what was meant to be a simple patrol. Northern forces found them and opened fire, John was hit in the shoulder, he nearly bled to death. We brought him back here as soon as we could, so he could be treated in safety and away from prying eyes.
“For the same reason I was betrothed to her in the first place, I suppose. She is head of her family now, and they still have access to their overseas resources that made her an appealing match to begin with.”
Sherlock felt stupid, so very, very stupid. He had let sentiment run away with him. He had been so consumed by the feeling of falling for John, that he had not stopped to consider if John returned his feelings— or if he did, how fervently. If he had only stepped back for a moment to observe, this would not have happened.
“No,” comes the sharp reply, “I would not. And I can assure you that retaliation from my brother upon learning that I am alive and well in your kingdom is incredibly unlikely. You’re a military man, think, my brother may be a terrible king— and I do not mean that in the way he’d like— but even he wouldn’t waste his resources in such a way. I doubt he would even bother sending one of his own men to collect me.”
“She is quite—” her words cut off when the cart’s age-warped wheel catches on the rolled edge of the rug and pitches forward, clattering to the floor with a jarring crash. “Oh dear…”
He staggers to his feet, breath coming in shallow gasps. At last, he is upright. Tentatively, he tries to take a step.
Sherlock is ready to pounce, but restrains himself at the expression that crosses John's face. There is something deeply sad and almost fearful behind his blue eyes, and Sherlock instinctively reaches out to cup his face.
Another gentle touch, careful fingers in his hair. So, indeed, he has died after all. For no one in life had ever laid such kind hands on him. The other voices, the ones further away, continued to speak; their mumbling becoming fainter. In the silent moment that followed the unknown voice’s departure a weight settles deep in his bones, dragging him under. The presence above him draws in close, bring with it the scent of tea and amber,
He had never done it to himself before, it never seemed worth the effort and the thought of someone else being the first to do it made him feel exposed and a little afraid.
Sherlock watches as John sinks back into his chair with a deep sigh. His expression is drawn and sad as he brushes his knuckles over his thin lips. Something heavy clunks in Sherlock’s chest and drives him through the door behind which he has been hiding.
She moves spindly fingers over his ribs and sternum, prodding occasionally and biting her lip. Sherlock doesn’t move.
Sherlock’s shoulders then begin to feel the familiar pressure of his own burden, and the gnawing fear of being a burden himself— especially to someone as kind as John.
It may be animal, and it may not be fresh, but the scent sends a delicious shiver down Sherlock's spine as he peels away the lid. He lifts the cup to his mouth and lets the blood slips between his lips.
It must be well past midnight by now, though he has stopped counting the chimes of the clock in the adjacent room. With a resigned sigh, he heaves himself up and out of bed. A bed that, on nights like these, feels much too big and empty. John never allows himself to dwell on it for more than the few seconds it takes to push the thoughts away, but he so longs to share his bed with another. It isn’t necessarily the passion he misses— those urges could be dealt with easily enough when they pestered him— it's the simple comfort of being near to someone he trusts; the intimacy of just being together.
“It seems you may be moving on and you didn’t even realize,” she says with a smile, “it’s a good thing.”
He resolves not to think about it. He wills the memory of John's strong hands on his skin to fade away, because Sherlock will never again feel kind hands on him, and he has accepted that.
John lolls his head against his horse’s neck to see a man, older than he, with deeply tanned skin and silvery hair that John remembers had once been a coppery brown, “Sorry, Greg,” he says, “what?”
John is seated on a settee by the fire, a book cradled in his hands. He isn’t looking at the page, but staring into the flames, apparently mesmerized by their fliting and flickering.
John gets to his feet still holding Sherlock’s hand, and places his smiling lips against the prince's knuckles. Sherlock’s breath catches in his chest.
John ignores them and turns his attention back to the man before him, crawling to fit his folded knees under his head. As John does this, his fingers brush against the stranger’s forehead; he is burning with fever.
John rose up on his knees to allow Sherlock to pull his legs free of his trousers, he very deliberately ran the top of his foot along John's length as he did so.
The cat eyes John's out stretched hand for a moment before allowing him to scratch under its chin. John doesn’t miss the way the cat doesn’t move to meet him, instead making John do the work. After a moment the cat lifts its head to allow John better access and closes its eyes.
“It is, but my family is taken care of, and that keeps me going. Sometimes the right reason can make a difficult choice easier.”
Next time: There is a break in Sherlock's case that changes their lives forever, and Sherlock must decide if he can continue to be a part of John's life-- that is, if John still wants him around.
He is braced against the basin, head hung low. He does his best to draw in a deep breath to calm the roiling in his stomach but his chest is too tight and the air only rattles feebly in and out of his lungs.
For all his reservations, Sherlock had opened up to John in a way he’d not been expecting. He had reached for John eagerly and without fear. John feels his chest warm at the memory.
John nods his head to indicate some place over Sherlock's shoulder. For a moment Sherlock fears he’ll turn to discover they are being watched, but he is met by only trees and the ridge that lay beyond the shrubs on the other side of the path.
He tries to deny it. his rebellious, doubting mind screams that it could not possibly be true— that it was just the emotion of the last few days getting the better of them both. But his heart, which felt full to bursting with love for this remarkable man, whispered the truth.
If you'd like to see the art I've done for this fic, paste this into your search bar: http://melimiyoko.deviantart.com/art/The-Northern-Prince-Johnlock-664920903
“Owner of the shop across the street phoned it in when the homeless guy stumbled through his door shouting about a dead body,” Greg continued as they ascended the stairwell, the door to which is propped open and officers and forensics workers stream in and out.
“Well he hasn’t made any progress either. If he had, we would have caught whoever it is by now.” Sally is brought up short when she realizes that what she said could almost be considered a compliment.
The frequency and intensity of these dreamings, fueled by any and every substance the isolated prince could procure, often made it difficult to differentiate between sleep and wakefulness.
He throws the door open and tosses his coat onto the floor, he will be thrilled when he no longer has to wear black and he can stop pretending he is at all saddened by his brother passing.
“Well,” John huffs a humorless laugh, “in a way it is her business now that she’ll be living in the south again. But no, she came to propose marriage.”
“Maybe not. With Mycroft gone we have a greater chance of swaying the nobles to our cause. If we have their support, we have the support of their armies. We
John answers with a kiss to Sherlock's temple and Sherlock wraps his long fingers around John's length. He drops his face to Sherlock's shoulder and groans as Sherlock begins to stroke.
“Is it good, love?” John asks, though it was only to hear Sherlock's voice again. It was plain to see that Sherlock was enjoying this.
His brother, the man who had made his life so deeply painful was gone; snuffed out like a candle. Only human after all.
“Of course,” John agrees with a smirk, “I schemed to get you alone so that I could ravish you where no one will hear you scream my name.”
Sherlock jerks back, moving quickly to stand and flee. John holds tightly to him, careful of his still painful wrist.
“A couple of years after he lost his family I found him with his pistol in his mouth. He insisted he wasn’t planning to pull trigger, that he only wanted to know what it felt like, but I never believed him. I am certain that if I had come through that door a moment later, he wouldn’t be here now.”
John begins to walk them backward toward the bed and carefully pushes Sherlock down onto the mattress. They take their time undressing each other, methodically releasing every button and running hands over each other’s bodies. They are quiet as they attempt to commit each angle and plain of the other to memory.
The room is cold in the dark hours, no fire has been lit and wintery air drifts in with the moonlight. John shivers and he longs to reach out and press himself to Sherlock, but he knows he will find no warmth there, not anymore.
Another laugh that emerges on a breath. What a wonderful sound, Sherlock thinks. The rocking of the horse’s slow strides sends waves of discomfort through him. Sleep creeps up on him again, licking at the edges of his consciousness. Sherlock finds he’s afraid to fall asleep, what if he cannot open his eyes again? The voice would be disappointed, he thinks.
With a nod of assent, Sherlock allows John to take him by the hand and lead him from the conservatory. The manor is utterly silent throughout, allowing the padding of their feet to echo off the walls. John is oddly comforted by the feel of Sherlock’s skin against his own.
“Yes,” Sherlock forces the word passed the lump constricting his throat, “god yes, John, of course.”
He has to force his voice past the lump rising in his throat. To Sherlock's surprise, John cracks a bitter smile.
“He and his men were nowhere to be found, their carriage was with the rest but they were not in it. But, Sherlock dear, they found blood inside; quite a bit I was given to understand.”
Bizarrely, she had refused. Asking instead for a chance to earn her keep as a member of his staff. Even more bizarrely, John had agreed. But the woman seemed to have no objections to her work and did it with a good natured smile. Even so, Sherlock had done his best to avoid getting in her way since then.
Sherlock opens his mouth as if to say something but stops, eyes narrowing as they focus on John. Of course he noticed, he’s Sherlock, he notices everything.
A long suffering sigh precedes the sharp voice of his father. “Well, come in, boy. Don’t lurk in the doorway.”
John gave a patient sigh, “Because it’s bloody scorching and I need a swim, and I would very much like for you to accompany me.”
He looked out at the horizon, a brilliant summer sunset lit up the sky like wildfire. His eyes fell on a small structure just around the corner, partially hidden by the opposite wall across the garden. It looked like an old shed of some sort, and Sherlock felt his mind begin to work.
They make their way through the tunnels and out through the door of the old scullery. After so long sneaking around under the cover of night it is oddly disconcerting to be out in broad daylight.
The blow, when it comes, is delivered to his gut, forcing the breath from his lungs. Doubled over, gasping for air, Sherlock doesn’t notice the cane come down again until it cracks against his back. He drops to his knees.
The Lord’s face is not at all like what Sherlock had been expecting. His skin is pale and smooth, with dark eyes set deep in their sockets. His eyes are frightening, cold and menacing. Lord Moriarty rolls his lip out between his teeth and Sherlock feels something icy settle in his gut.
Greg leads him under the police tape and into a block of flats that has clearly been vacant for some time. He explains that the body was found by a homeless man looking for a place to sleep. The building has been empty of tenants for nearly two years, it sustained serious damage after a pipe burst and has changed hands several times since then. The new owners have been getting it ready for renters for the past few weeks.
She had gone very pale, and Sherlock thought he probably looked the same. Through the ringing in his ears he helped her to a chair and made her sit. Dropping heavily to his knees beside her. He fought to keep his mind from wandering too deep into the implication of what he’d just been told.
“I thought I could wed Mary for the sake of my people, but damn it, I have given everything for my kingdom time and time again. I will find some other way to assure a good future for the south.”
A tiny hitch in his breathing and John watches, heart racing, as Sherlock's beautiful eyes come open just a little.
Sherlock strokes tentative fingers across John’s cheek, a deep crease etched between his brows. “I cannot believe that so good a man as you could want me.”
She directed his attention to a cupboard on the wall from which she produced a ledger and writing utensils. She tore free a sheet form the book and opened the ink well. Sherlock did his best to steady his hand so that his instruction would be legible.
Long hours spent straining his eyes in the harsh glow of dancing flames has left him with a vicious headache, and he feels his eyelids growing heavy. Without realizing, he drifts off.
“Away. He had enlisted a couple years before, wanted to be just like his father, and his company moved out that very afternoon with no warning.”
“You ought to go to bed,” Sherlock says, running the pad of his finger lazily around the cool rim of his mug. “You have an early shift tomorrow.”
“He’s gone, love,” John says, even though he is nearly whispering his voice echoes slightly in the air. “He’s gone and we’re still here.”
“You likely only know of him by the reputation he gained during the war. Even though he was still quiet young, he managed to make a rather terrifying name for himself.”
Sherlock was undeniably odd. Rarely sleeping, hardly eating, often moody, and utterly lacking in a self-preservation instinct. But watching Sherlock across the table, those old habits are not what put John on edge, not what occasionally made his heart skip. Yes, he could admit Sherlock was beautiful, in his strange, ethereal way. But there was something almost otherworldly about his flatmate, something John could never articulate. There were times he didn’t even seem human.
A silence come over them both as they stare at each other. Sherlock can still feel that heavy thing in his chest.
“No, no,” he reassures, trying to keep his voice even, as if speaking to a skittish animal, “it’s alright. That was beautiful, truly beautiful.”
“They were never mine— not that people can belong to anyone, king or otherwise,” the prince quickly amends, “But, you see, my brother has always made it very clear that I have no business meddling in the
The chapel doors open with a squealing creak and those gathered within rise from their pews as their king enters, followed by their prince and his fiancé.
There is an obvious smile in her voice as she coos something unintelligible and is answered by a squealing laugh from Rosie. John's heart lightens just a little.
They hadn’t bothered clearing up after dinner and had dropped easily into conversation which had lasted nearly four hours, even the ritual of making tea hadn’t interrupted them.
As they are gathering the spilled contents of the cart and replacing them on the trays, John feels Mrs. Hudson’s hand on his arm. When he glances up at her, he sees a sympathetic sort of look in her eyes as she stares at the sofa. When John sets the sugar bowl down and looks over himself he sees— oh, god— Sherlock has sat bold up right, eyes gone wide and panicked, hands twisting in his lap. His chest heaves shallowly.
From back down the aisle a voice Sherlock cannot believe he is hearing calls his name above the din.
They turn back to face each other. Sherlock has gone ridiculously red, pale skin burning with embarrassment. Their eyes only meet for a moment before they are breaking down into helpless laugher.
Once, what felt like a life time ago, John had felt no shame in hiding in a string of dead end relationships. He had happily ignored that fact and plowed on dating mindlessly; insisting to himself that he wanted it to work out. He wanted something normal. A pretty girl, a pretty house, maybe a couple of kids. That was what he was supposed to want.
She baffles him. John had explained that she had once been the daughter of a noble family, all of whom had perished in the war, leaving her the only surviving member. Molly Hooper had been a childhood friend of John's sister, and naturally the king had offered to take her as family in all but blood.
“Very well,” Amir says as though he is unconvinced it is a good idea to let Sherlock leave with less than will satisfy him. But something is better than nothing.
“She kissed me. She said she liked me and then she kissed me. She even asked first, and I said yes. And then she kissed me,” he lifted his hands and let them drop into his lap as if to say ‘I have no fucking clue what to do about this’.
“Please return to your chambers, rest,” the king insists, and the crowd parts so that he can ascend the stairs.
His eye lids are growing heavier with every endless moment. Each time they slip closed Sherlock forces them open again. The afternoon sun makes his head throb and he wraps his arms tighter around the unknown man’s shoulders for fear that he will pitch right off the horse.
When they step through the landing door into the second story corridor they are greeted by a scowling Sally Donovan and Lestrade moves to walk beside her as she leads the way onto the scene.
“Yes, thank you,” Sherlock huffs, but quieted at the somber look on John's face. “Go on,” he says, rubbing a thumb across John's jawline.
A full minute passes and John begins to think perhaps that will be the end of the conversation for now, and perhaps they should get a few hours of sleep, before Sherlock speaks again.
John has been missing for two full days now, and there has been no new information, at least none that has reached him.
In a whisper so low even he can barely hear it Sherlock vows, “If there day should come that I ascend the northern throne, I will return to you, my dear John.”
“David and Anabelle, his wife, asked me to get John’s sister Harry to safety; as she was to take the throne should anything happen to them. We only made it as far as the back garden before they caught up to us. The girl was torn away from me and run through before I could stop them, and then the men simply ran off. Harry was gone only moments later.” Something seemed to catch in Greg’s throat, “I ran back inside to see if I could be of any help to the king and queen, but they were already dead, shot point blank.”
The hall went very still for a moment as the large main doors slowly opened. The silence is broken only a moment later by the cheers that erupted through the room.
Sherlock tries to speak, tries to tell the blue-eyed man that he’s still here— for now— but he is much too tired. Instead, he rubs his cheek against the stranger’s soft collar, the effort of even that slight movement straining his shoulders.
Sherlock finds the stillness of the manor grounds comforting. The grounds of his castle home in the north, as well as his brother’s court, were constantly busy, with residents and staff moving about at all hours. There were few places one could be truly alone. Here, on this comparatively empty property, Sherlock has spent much of the past sixteen days in total isolation— and he has greatly enjoyed it.
Sherlock feels something hot and desperate set his veins on fire and he whimpers helplessly into Johns mouth. John breaks their kiss with a brush of knuckles against Sherlock’s cheek, and that is when he becomes aware that his face is wet.
“God, John, look,” Lestrade tone is dark and Sherlock feels unfamiliar fingers tilt his head back. “His veins are black. He’s been poisoned.”
There is movement beside him and a gentle pressure against his forehead. Touch, someone is touching him. Then there are other sounds, other voices, filtering through the roar of his blood in his ears. He tries to focus his mind through the haze, he wants to know if this is real or a dream as he dies. He feels a flare of irritation when nothing comes to him, then a flare of heat through his whole body; its excruciating.
The story begins to come together for Sherlock but he does not want to talk over John and take away his chance to tell his own tale.
They lie there in the stillness for long minutes, greeting each other with kisses and caresses after a night spent apart in their respective dreams.
He could reason to himself that it had taken well over two hours to be brought his breakfast simply because there were not enough staff members to perform tasks with any sort of efficiency— the king kept an embarrassingly modest household. Each time that thought came to Sherlock, it would immediately be smothered by the fact that king John did not need a large staff, as he was the only surviving member of his family; and it didn’t seem that he received many visitors.
“Because I don’t have a letter set, and even if I did I couldn’t risk using it. if I use his it will look suspicious if he is receiving letters from his own desk. Why would you know where he will be staying?” Sherlock twists around to lean on his elbow so he can look up at the old woman.
John looks as though he’s going to speak, and Sherlock scrambles for something to say, if only so that he doesn’t have to hear his pointless sympathy. He clears his throat as his eyes land on the rope of silver beads wrapped around John’s hand.
Moriarty turns from where he had been scanning the books on the shelf to stare at Sherlock with eyes like a demon’s.
Sherlock's eyes have drifted to a place in the air behind Mycroft’s head. A long silence falls between them.
Sherlock draws in slow, deep breaths and wills the tension to leave his body. The discomfort ebbs almost the moment he does, and he sighs as the fullness begins to feel more and more wonderful.
“Sherlock!” John exclaimed, clearly caught by surprise. He rises from his seat behind the long table and Sherlock crashes into him, all hesitation gone. Any questions about what Sherlock wanted or what he was doing there were swallowed in a bruising kiss. Sherlock clasps John’s collar in a vice-grip, holding him in place, but the king doesn’t seem inclined to go anywhere. He places his hands on Sherlock’s hips and makes little circles with his thumbs, soothing the unidentifiable but alarmingly powerful emotions raging in Sherlock’s brain.
Sherlock’s eyes are sad and resigned. “Even if you could make me believe that, what difference would it make?”
“It’s not possible,” he splutters, “I’m dead, as far as the world is concerned. How would you explain my sudden reappearance, in your realm of all paces? And what of that Morstan woman?”
The ancient mountain castle comes into view over the crest of the path and Sherlock sucks in as deep breath as his lungs could hold. The carriage jostles to a stop and he schools his face into a mask of indifference as the door swings open to release him.
Without thinking Sherlock sinks into John's chair, ignoring the one opposite where he would normally sit. He tucks his knees up to his chin and buries his face in them.
Sherlock bites down hard on his lip, digging his nails into his palms, the pressure of the grip making his wrist burn.
He tries to force himself to stand but his limbs will not cooperate. Fever rages through his battered body making the world spin around him. He tries again to stand. This time he gets to his feet, but his body simply gives out before he can take a step. He doesn’t want to try again.
The suggestion of a smile pulls at Sherlock’s lips where they press back insistently against John’s, “Goodnight.”
Sherlock tried not to be envious of John. The king’s days were long and tedious, but at least he had some form of engagement. While Sherlock was still confined to his chambers for most of the daylight hours with nothing to do. He had already deduced everything there was to know about the staff who looked after him— dull— and he had been making regular trips to the library with permission to read anything he liked. The pile of finished books on the window seat was evidence of the boredom gnawing at Sherlock’s brain, he rarely had the patience to finish a book in its entirety.
“Alright,” John says, he can feel the thrumming of Sherlock’s heart where they are still pressed chest to chest.
“There will come a day when I will have to return to the north, and then what? You are a king, John. Surely you must understand that truth is based in perception. And I must one day return to a place where the perception is that I deserve to feel that terrible cane crack against my body. What good will your truth do me then?”
“Enough,” John says, near begging, “this whole damn mission was pointless. Now I’ve dragged you and my whole country back into war and I’ve nothing to show for it.”
John turns in his seat and tilts his head, an invitation for Sherlock to join him. Sherlock worries his lip between his teeth, hoping the biting pain will dull the memory of this man’s mouth against his. His legs quake slightly as he makes his way up the aisle.
He flew from John's chambers and through the tunnels, colliding painfully with a wall more than once. He found Mrs. Hudson in the servant’s quarters rather than in her own room, she squeaked as he burst through the door.
“Hello,” John greets quietly, not wanting to disturb the scene. The cat’s ear flick towards the sound of his voice.
Within hours a trial had been convened to decide the fate of Mary Morstan, and former general Gregory Lestrade had readied troops to take the northern capital and a castle sequestered in the mountains.
John wished he could just be honest. But instead he bit his tongue and choked on his feelings like a coward, because Sherlock— brilliant and bright though he was— does not love John. Not in that way.
“Hush, love,” John soothes and pulls Sherlock back to crash their lips together, “It’s alright now.”
Picking his head up his eyes fall on a little box on the table beside the chair, inside Sherlock finds John's strand of silver prayer beads. He pulls them out and wraps them around his hand the way he’d seen John do, imagining they are still warm from his skin. It’s comforting to hold something John treasures.
“You will be married by midsummer,” Mycroft says as Sherlock rises from his bow. “There are a few minor details to be sorted, and then you and your beloved James will meet at the altar.”
So, i guess John has some things he really wants to say to Sherlock. Meanwhile, Sherlock has no idea how to process any of this. Poor lamb.
John must find this endearing in some way because Sherlock can feel his smile though the kisses he places on his cheek.
All around him candles flicker and cast their warm light upon the grey stone walls. He closes his eyes and lean his head back against the rim of the bath, which is big enough that he can float weightless in its depths. His mind driftsback to the last time he had been in water deep enough to submerge in; the lake.
They fell back against the pillows, breathless and spent, and John pulled one of the blankets over them. Now Sherlock lies sated in John's arms, and the world has disappeared around them.
He was soaked through and he felt as though his skin were on fire. Dimly he realized that in sleep he had pulled the blanket around himself despite the heat in the room. Mopping his brow with his sleeve, Sherlock rose and went to throw open the window.
What feels like only seconds later, he is being lowered into something cool and soft that gives beneath his weight; a bed, he realizes as a thick blanket is pulled up to his chin. The sudden warmth of the nearby hearth makes the chills rippling through his muscles all the more unbearable, and he shivers violently.
“Because,” John swallows and clears his throat, “you’ve lit a fire in me as well, Sherlock. And I do believe I’ve fallen in love with you.”
He looks back over his shoulder and see that she is holding up his coat for him, and he allows her to help him into it. she fastens a belt around his waist and loops a shining gold sash over his shoulder before attempting to arrange his curls into something presentable.
When John looks at him, Sherlock is unsurprised and yet floored when he finds no derision in his face. No scornful frown or mocking sneer at Sherlock’s bald display of affection.
Barely has he reached the lifeless fountain at the center of the hedges and sat heavily down on the edge before a stray note of music reached his ear. His head snaps up from where it hangs in his hands, and he whirls around; searching for the source of the noise. His eyes fall upon an open balcony door at the far end of the yard. He knows that room, though that wing of the manor has been closed off for some years, he knows it well; the conservatory.
John’s hand twitches as Sherlock wraps his own around it. His callused fist, small in comparison, is concealed completely hidden beneath Sherlock’s palm. After drawing in a few long, even breaths John’s eyes, stormy with a private grief, lift from the floor to find Sherlock’s. Sherlock knows his face is unguarded, abnormally so, he can feel it in the way his brows come together, silently asking the king if he is alright.
So here it is, the start of whatever these two are going to be. I'm not used to writing these types of scenes so i hope I've done my idea justice-- otherwise I'm afraid you won't buy it. I needed to find ways of hitting all the points in this story so I looked up a list of scene ideas and one of them involved a piano, or something like that, and this instantly came to mind. I really like how sweet John is here, he just seems like a decent guy, you know? Not pushing for more... Oops, maybe I should just let you read it.
If his army is successful in seizing the capitol, he will have done his job. He will have assured the safety of his people, so he will feel no remorse when he goes.
I spent my night writing this instead of my essay because that's what responsible adults do, right? But despite the fresh tattoo on my wrist, I managed to get through this in a couple of hours thanks to my outline. I also have a clearer understanding of where I want to go with this work.
Sherlock’s hands slide from John’s hair, down his neck, to his shoulders; and John find himself absently rubbing circles in the small of his back. He takes one of Sherlock’s hand’s to kiss his knuckles.
He begins to undo his own buttons slowly, watching John to see how far he will undress and planning to follow his lead. He is completely unprepared when John steps out of his last stitch of clothing, tossing the trousers playfully onto the dock, and makes nonchalantly for the water.
Firstly, I've read your comments on the first chapter and I am out-of-this-world grateful for your kind words and support. It means a lot, so thank you!
John steps carefully around to the sofa and take a seat an arms-length from Sherlock. John can see he is shaking, his breath coming short, tight gasps.
John pulls him in and kisses him deeply. It doesn’t feel like an innately sexual act, this exploratory kissing. Even as the kisses grow hungrier until they are forcing their tongues down one another’s throats, it feels more to Sherlock like a display of intimacy and passion rather than to simply achieve release.
John licks down the column of Sherlock's neck as he undoes the top buttons of his shirt one-handed. He pauses then and pull back a little and Sherlock takes the chance to catch his breath. John slips his fingers under Sherlock's collar and pulls out the strand of silver beads looped around his long neck.
“You honestly don’t know?” Greg asked soundly a little incredulous. “Your brother’s greatest obstacle to claiming the south, and he never once gloated to you about how he did it.”
Sherlock raises his hand to knock on the tunnel door to John's apartment, but stalls when he hears voices on the other side. He knows he shouldn’t listen in, but his nature overwhelms his better judgment and he presses his ear to the wood.
Sherlock’s body rocks, arching instinctively in an effort to get closer. A deep and almost pained sound is pulled from both of them as their bodies align just so, and Sherlock can feel the rather insistent evidence of John’s arousal against his own.
I don't know exactly what's coming form here. I have to go back to my outline and flesh out the next few chapters as this is as far as I've gotten so far. But you can expect to see glimpses of Sherlock's past and maybe a little about the war that took John's family from him.
Ambient light from the lamps in the garden peeks through the curtains and seeps into John’s room. He lies awake in his bed, tossing and fidgeting as he tries in vain to fall asleep. He hates nights like these, when thoughts seem to be leaking out of his head with the sheer volume of them. It makes sleep impossible.
He couldn’t seem to find the words he wanted and huffed in annoyance. Sherlock pulled back a little and John can see his expression is sad.
The next moment that is clear in his mind is crashing through the doors of his brother’s chamber exclaiming that he would not marry James Moriarty.
Tears were falling freely down Sherlock’s face now. What a terrible thing for someone so young to have endured, he thought. Poor John— poor, lovely John. He began twisting his fingers together so tightly he lost feeling in the tips.
“I’ll go with you,” the words did not come easily as his throat felt a though it was caked with sand, “so long as you give me your word that you will allow these men who escorted me to return home unharmed.”
John looks up, probably just realizing Sherlock is there. “Hello,” he replies with a kind smile that makes Sherlock’s heart skip. He shifts over and pats the place beside himself, “Please, sit.”
From beyond the main chamber door there comes the sound of scuffling and arguing voices. John sits up a little straighter as the door swings open without warning and a woman enters.
Moriarty twists his wrist and Sherlock feels searing pain shoot up his arm. He screams and jerks back as a fresh wave of agony burns down to his fingertips.
She quickly wheels around and takes her leave with an approving sort of hum. John notices that she can’t quite keep the smile off of her face.
The way she purposefully avoids touching him does not escape his notice. The detachment with which servants typically interact with their masters is something Sherlock would have considered the natural way, had he considered servants at all; but that was before John. Before he learned how genuine the bond between staff and employer could be. before he understood how genuine the bond between people could be.
“Perhaps not in the north. But we’re a simple people. If I tell them that you and I were wed freely before the gods, they will accept us— I promise. And the moment your brother is dead, I will wed you properly. But never mind all that. Answer me simply, do you love me?”
“The men are ready to start heading back. We should probably get on our way soon if you’re going to make that cabinet meeting.”
He spies Mrs. Hudson in the corner with a feather duster in hand. She gives him a knowing smile and bundles Molly away.
“Hush,” he breathes, and nudges gently against Sherlock until they are swaying slightly back and forth. John is relieved that he was not pushed away. Instead, Sherlock’s slender fingers twisted into his own and held on.
Sherlock flushes furiously. “i-If you must ph-phrase it that way.,” he stammers indigently, averting his eyes.
“John,” the word is little more than a croak as it passes Sherlock’s swelling lips. Another bruising press of mouths and John is tearing himself away, just far enough to look into Sherlock’s face. They are flushed and panting, and Sherlock is suddenly, horrifyingly aware of the ache in his groin where he has grown harder than he can remember being for some years. There is a similar hardness pressed into his thigh.
“He’s just returned from the boarder,” Greg explains, his voice grim. “He says he brings urgent news.”
“Please, Greg, please. That bastard Moriarty must know something, find him.” John is openly weeping now and Sherlock wants to reach out and comfort him.
John just nods and takes Sherlock’s hand, dropping the beads into his palm. The metal holds the warmth of his skin. Sherlock spreads the rope over his fingers and examines the pattern in which the beads are strung.
So, i sat down with my outline a few days ago and figured out what i want to do with the rest of this story. I already had an idea, but now i actually have a vague outline for the whole thing. We're looking at about 24-25 chapters!
When their laugher has faded to giggled, and then to contented chuckles, Sherlock grips John's shirt and pulls him in.
He looks into John's beautiful eyes and he thinks he could lose himself in them. He knows that it will absolutely destroy him to be torn from this man. He chases that thought from his head before it can ruin his bliss.
Exhaustion is pulling him under again, and Sherlock longs to let it take him. The man sits beside him, causing the mattress to sink, and Sherlock feels the edges of his fear soften. He carefully begins to move his hands over Sherlock, the flat of a palm against his forehead, tips of fingers prodding his neck, cupping over Sherlock's skin as they run down the length of his arm to his wrists—
“Oh, Sherlock.” John hopes his sympathy is clear in his tone. His already battered heart is breaking for this lovely man.
“Jim is the youngest of seven siblings, and northern law prohibits a person from marrying before their older siblings have. This, inconveniently, does not apply to Mycroft. Eight months ago, James’ older sister, the last unmarried sibling besides himself, fell suddenly ill and died. I suppose he grew tired of waiting for his title.”
This chapter was written little by little over the past few weeks so i apologize if it feels a bit disjointed.
He slips into Mrs. Hudson’s chamber that same evening when she is at super so as not to disturb her. He goes straight to her little desk upon which sits the letter box she’d reclaimed from him. Sherlock settles himself on the rickety old stool and begins to write.
Greg gives him a knowing smirk and shoves his hands in his pockets as another biting wind sweeps across the surface of the lake. “It’s too damn late in the day and the season for it to be this cold,” he grumbles.
John huffs a sad kind of laugh. “Thankfully, Mrs. Hudson has offered to handle most of it, I’ve never been very good at party planning.” A look of apprehension crosses John’s face.
Sherlock feels something like hope suddenly bubble up in him and he is through the nearest tunnel door in a heartbeat. He flew down a narrow flight of stairs only just wide enough to fit into and ran as fast as he could in the confined space, bare feet clapping against the stone floor.
“I’m sorry, Liz,” he scratches the back of his neck, “I’m, erm… I’m just not looking for anything right now.”
Instead he grabs John, crashing their mouths together and nodding as best he can without taking his quivering lips from John's.
“Cabinet meeting,” Greg says simply, “we’ve been gathered for over an hour. Are you not joining us?”
The fear that burned anew in him then had nothing to do with the new and world-altering realization that he was in love. No, it was not that the cold and calculating Sherlock Holmes, ice prince of the north was deeply, madly, passionately in love with the king of the south. No, it was the idea that he may never get to tell John how he feels.
“Because I always send him regular reports when he is away from home, he likes to know that all is well here. You may use my set, if you like.”
Surely once Mycroft has his new army he will set his sights on a bigger prize. It would be undignified to wage war on a realm which stood no chance of defending itself… wouldn’t it?
Sherlock places a wide palm against John's chest. “Yes, I do. It’s true, I was— am— betrothed to the son of an eastern lord, but I never wanted to be.” His fingertips press hard into John's skin.
He feels both elated and slightly sick at the same time. Its only after a sweet, frenzied minute of kissing John that he realizes he has yet to say anything.
John has gone on progress leaving Sherlock bored and lonely. They exchange letters and Sherlock decides to tell John about his growing affection for him.
“Majesty,” Major Sholto began, “earlier this evening one of my officers intercepted a letter from the north addressed to Mary Morstan, an old acquaintance of yours.”
Sherlock sits on the assembly table in the audience chamber, idly swinging his legs as John reclines in his chair. They haven’t spoken a word since Sherlock entered, just sat in each other’s company, something they were doing quite a bit of in recent days.
Lord Moriarty released Sherlock's face, for which the prince was very grateful, to reveal a boy near his own age. The boy came forward and bowed deeply before Sherlock, peering up at him with a playful smirk.
“Just think, when all this is done we’ll be able to marry properly. We’ll be man and husband before all the world, and we’ll never be parted again, I swear.”
Jim expends a thin hand to Sherlock, who gives a little to cough to cover the squeak that catches in his throat. As Sherlock slides his hand onto Jim’s, his eyes flit over his form. He finds nothing that alarms him at first glance, and he allows himself to relax a bit.
They had lived together less than a month before John became aware of just how far outside his version of normal his feelings for Sherlock were.
Sherlock resolutely does not stand. Slowly, Mycroft strides towards his brother. Though they’re eyes remain locked, Sherlock can still see the cane held gingerly in her brother’s right hand, the foot of it barely touching the ground with every step. He wants to run, to flee, to hide; but there is nowhere to go. Whatever is to come, he cannot run from it, not this time.
Sherlock and Moriarty are separated when they reach the altar and Sherlock is ushered to the left to await the start of the ceremony.
“Are you certain she’s done with her intelligence work and ready to settle down?” he could hear the sneer in his words.
They are slow. Lips on heated skin, hands in hair and cupping faces. They lie tangled together beneath the sheets, making love with their mouths and whispering to each other. When one of them is overcome the other kisses and soothes him until they are again lost in one another.
“It will only serve to agitate him further. He’s exhausted, and that wrist will have to be set, but I doubt there’s anything that a week of rest and few good meals won’t be able fix. I’ll set his wrist myself.”
Its then that Sherlock realizes he is standing in the middle of John’s audience chamber in his night clothes— an over-large matching silk set currently on loan to him— and his dressing gown. Both of which hung loosely off his boney shoulders, and John has definitely taken notice. Sherlock feels his face grow hot, and the color, he knew, could soon spread from his cheeks to his sternum.
His eyes snap up to see that silver haired man who seems glued to John’s side standing in the doorway, eyes focused but face carefully blank. John then seems to recall their position on the sofa, they are wrapped around each other, John practically on top of Sherlock. They pull apart quickly and Sherlock sits bolt upright, face burning as he tries his best to smooth his rumpled shirt.
Sherlock's mind wanders as he waits for dawn to break. He imagines a life spent here in the south; with John. He can see it so clearly. Mornings spent cocooned in bed, and afternoons exploring each other in the cool waters of the lake. Evenings entwined on the library sofa, and night passed peacefully in each other’s arms.
But then he stills, an unpleasant thought halting his feet and chilling him. He had not waited to see John's reaction to his being there. He likely had not expected it. what if he didn’t want to see Sherlock?
One look at him and Amir is already retreating to a door behind the counter and hurriedly jamming a key into the lock.
And if John was dead, a thought that made him feel like the ground would give way beneath his wandering feet, what did that mean for Sherlock? He resented that he was thinking of himself in this moment when John's fate— and the fate of his realm as a result— was so uncertain, but he couldn’t help it.
John looks straight into Sherlock's face and his smile is so open its almost startling. Sequestered away in this quiet place, they kneel naked before each other, hiding nothing.
“Look at me,” John orders, firm but patient, “look at me and tell me what you see. You see everything, you observe everything, deduce it for me.”
As the library door clicked shut, Sherlock’s chest heaved with a deep sob as he fought to regain his composure. The air in the room felt cold and still despite the fire still crackling in the hearth. It felt as though a bottomless pit had opened in his stomach that would swallow him whole. How could John stand to be near him— to touch him— knowing who he is? No one could over look something like that.
James remains silent, and Sherlock can feel something uneasy settle in his gut. Its more than the reminder of his brother’s strangle-hold on the south, but something in the Major’s countenance. Something…
“Sherlock!” Rosie babbles, and reaches for the cat again. She continues to mumble at it that way toddlers do.
“John,” Sholto says in such a way that makes Sherlock’s teeth come together, “there is hardly anything left in the east counties, no food, many herds and flocks were destroyed.”
He eases himself down onto the edge of the huge wash tub and allows her to slip his shirt off, letting it fall into the tub behind him.
He looks like a specter, a mere imprint of the man that had once been the great Sherlock Holmes. And god, didn’t it feel that way some days.
“But he has not!” John barks. Sherlock’s body jerks at the shout and he gives a pitiful whimper, John’s hands absently find the matted curls and begin to pet them, “It does not matter, if Mycroft were ever to learn that his brother was here, or worse, that we let him die, he’d do away with us all for good.”
Then Sherlock had fallen, and John spent two years choked by all the things he had been too afraid to say and he had sworn to himself that if he was ever given another chance, he would tell Sherlock the truth.
“It’s the end of the month and I’ve already sold most of my stock to others in the area. If you’d come sooner…” he shrugs his shoulders in a teasing sort of way, “I might have had your favorite in.”
Sheer panic, of a kind Sherlock liked to pretend he was not capable of feeling, drove him from the manor in the dark hours that night. He had shoved as much food as he could manage into the satchel he’d nicked from the cook, and fled the house out onto the marsh. He did not look back.
John's voice is a croak when he speaks. “They will remain here until we have taken the capitol, these northern nobles will swear their allegiance to whomever will offer them wealth and security; they care not who sits on the throne.”
John clears his throat again, “Yes,” he says plainly, clasping his hands behind his back, “they feel it would be best if you were to return to your home in the north.”
He arrives at a door that opened onto the foyer and forces himself to stop and draw a few long breaths before clasping the handle. He only opens the door a crack to avoid being noticed. It seemed as though the entire staff had gathered in the large room. They chatted animatedly to one another, some threw their arms around the person closest to them, and a few appeared to bow their heads in prayer.
Fear flares in Sherlock like fire and he clutches at John with his damaged wrist, completely unaware of the pain now as he cries, “No!”
When Sherlock wakes, the sun has begun to set, casting rays of golden light across the carpets. He clambers gracelessly to his feet and picks his way across the room through squinted eyes to drag the curtains closed. His eyes sweep the room and settle on the writing desk. The roll top is open and there is a wooden box resting on the work surface.
“You are correct, obviously. You and I cannot sign a marriage contract while your brother lives, but that does not mean we cannot marry.”
We will see snippets of the history between Sherlock and Jim, and finally learn what happened to Sherlock in the days before John found him in the forest.
There are faint footsteps approaching his door. For a moment Sherlock assumes it must be Irene or a servant woman retuning with his food, but the steps are too quick and too heavy, the sound of boots not slippers.
Hot embarrassment rises in Sherlock’s stomach and it must show plainly on his face because John give him a tender smile.
He breaks their grasp as the form of John Watson emerges from the fray, Greg Lestrade following behind, sword drawn ready to defend his king.
Sherlock tries to lift his hand and John cradles it in his own and kisses each fingers over and over in turn until Sherlock huffs and rubs a thumb over John's cheek, when John takes to kissing his wrist instead.
Sherlock pulls John to him and leans his cheek on the shorter man’s head. He doesn’t speak. What could he say? He stays there with John, hoping that just his presence there would be enough to comfort him.
Together they drifted in and out of sleep for the better part of an hour, simply being in each other’s company. John's hand crept up Sherlock's chest to his throat where his fingers curled around the silver beads still resting there.
There was just something so inherently wrong about a soul as kind as John’s baring any sort of pain, much less a kind of pain that could twist his features so drastically. Sherlock’s fingers crawl hesitantly across the cushions to where John’s fist is clenched so tightly the skin pulled taught over his knuckles has gone white.
He sits on the edge of his bed, arms crossed tightly over his chest. The linen of his sleep clothes feels rough against his over sensitive skin, and he tries his best to ignore the growing feeling of emptiness inside himself.
John's mouth explores his body for long minutes, rendering Sherlock pliant and breathless as he leaks onto his own abdomen, fluid pooling in his naval. By the time John at last gets around to slicking his fingers, Sherlock is already panting.
“I left my position the next day, felt the least I could do to atone for not saving David would be to be of service to his son in whatever way I could. It was nearly in vein. John’s wound became badly infected and the fever came on so quickly that the physicians told us to prepare for the worst. For weeks he lay in that bed, barely holding on. He had given up. But all storms must pass eventually, and when John was finally well enough to take on his new responsibilities, he threw himself heart and soul into defending his people.”
I'm bringing you the first part of this chapter early because you've been waiting a while. I hope to have the next part done within the coming week. Thank you again for your patience.
John feels a pang of apprehension, where should he begin? How could he phrase these questions in a way that would not frighten Sherlock away, or dig deeper than he had a right to? And what was he to do if he should stumble upon something truly horrible in the prince’s past, could John promise that he too would not begin to behave differently toward him?
Relief carries the tension from Sherlock’s frame and he feels himself sink deeper into the mattress. He stares up into John’s gentle eyes.
“Just for now,” he amends, bringing his hand up to stroke across the sharp plains of Sherlock’s face. “I meant what I said, I don’t want to ask for more than you are willing to give.”
Like i have said before, i am 100% committed to completing this story, and am excited to do so. Thank you so much for your continuing patience.
“He will return at the end of the month,” Sherlock replies logically, though the end of the month seems terribly far away.
John gives a soft smile that makes warmth bloom in Sherlock’s chest. He crosses the few feet between them and crowds close to Sherlock.
Sherlock would not see James Moriarty again for nine years. Discouraged by Mycroft from sending more letters than was considered appropriate, well wishes at holidays and the like, Sherlock waited anxiously for each and every reply.
“It’s alright,” John’s whispers, turning his hand and interlacing their fingers, “I lost myself in my thoughts for a moment, that’s all.” He tries on a smile, but it sits falsely on his features.
Sherlock bites down hard on his lip to keep from making noise. His hand is moving faster now and he can feel his release fast approaching.
“I can see now why he was so eager to keep you around,” Greg says. His voice is still toneless, detached and professional.
“You know, you’re very pretty Sherlock,” he breathes into his ear, “but you’ve got a stubborn streak, haven’t you? Not to worry, we’ll soon break you of that. I do prefer my pets to be obedient.”
Sherlock brushes past them into the flat cordoned off with yellow tape. He and Sally share a petty glare as he passes and Sherlock spares a thought for the days when he would have jumped for joy at the mere mention of a serial killer.
It isn’t Sherlock's fault that he didn’t fall in love with John. Some people just aren’t wired that way. Or, it could just be that John isn’t Sherlock's type— he could easily believe that. But that doesn’t make it any less devastating for John to lie in bed at night trying desperately to ignore the fantasies of his best friend that swirl through his mind, knowing that to go down stairs and crawl into bed with him would be completely unacceptable.
He felt his face flush, he never spoken this way to anyone. Well he’d never felt this way about anyone, as trite and that sounded to his own ears.
Hand still resting over Sherlock, who was now fully hard, John says, “Well, I thought I could try using my fingers. If that’s something that appeals to you. I would only need one.”
Neither of them seem to know what to say next, and Sherlock loses himself for a moment staring into John's deep blue eyes.
“What’s this?” Greg asks, nodding to the folded parchment John had forgotten he was holding. He feels sick.
It somehow seemed unnatural to Sherlock that someone who had been so large in life could seem so very small now, lying dead on a marble slab.
Sherlock spends the better part of the dark hours shuffling aimlessly through the tunnels. Sometime around dawn he feels his eyelids growing heavy and ducks into an empty room to rest on a velvet lounge.
In the space of only a few minutes, he and John had gone from temporary to eternal— and Sherlock knew he had at last come home.
Without turning back he says, “You are fool to believe he loved you, the brother of the man who slaughtered his family. He could never have loved you. No one could.”
He was beginning to wonder if John had simply forgotten their meeting when he heard the sound of hooves approaching. He glanced over to see John rounding the corner on his grey gelding,
“I know you aren’t asleep,” Sherlock's voice rumbles from where his face is pressed to John's chest, “I can hear your mind whirring.”
Sherlock cries out incoherently as his climax takes him, his awareness narrowing down to only his labored breathing, the agonizingly pleasurable release of his muscles, and the distant roll of thunder.
“I swear,” she says, holding up her palms to him, “Sebastian Moran accompanied them here but was absent from the wedding, it’s possible he may have gone on ahead of them to secure safe passage home,” Irene explains.
“Your people are content, their thriving, they will not want to go to war again, even under false pretenses.”
Rosie acquiesces and John places her on her feet, he feels his shoulders sag a little as soon as she’s out of ear shot.
I am on a freaking roll right now, y'all! Someone very generously got me coffee in the middle of writing this so i had to stop to go get it, and when i came back to it the spark was gone. You know how that happens? So i feel like there is a pretty obvious tonal shift half way through, but whatever.
Sherlock did not answer for a long moment, his jaw working. “It was my father mostly, he was possessed of a rather violent and unpredictable temper. He greatly disliked me, as did most people I knew. Though, if I am honest, I could never understand why.”
Without hesitation, John leads Sherlock past the guard at the entrance to his corridor, never thinking to hide their clasped hands. He reaches out to open the apartment door and Sherlock steps just inside the threshold before turning back and fixing John with tentative eyes.
The other men, one soldier and one surgeon, open their mouths to protest. Their objections never make it past their lips, however. No objections are ever spoken in the face of Greg Lestrade’s glower.
They lower their heads and swiftly exit the room through a side door, the man nearly knocking his chair over in his haste. John stands from his seat at the head of the table and stretches his back, something around the region of his left shoulder seems to be causing him discomfort. He draws in a fortifying breath. As if on cue, the main doors of the chamber open and a spindly man enters, bows, and announces, “Major James Sholto.”
As his pleasure unwinds, dragging him beneath the surface with wave after wave, he is dimly aware of John speaking to him.
“There are specific prayers for different beads, but I’ve never believed that was the most important part.”
Sherlock comes with an intensity that rocks him to his core, and he lies shaking in John's arms as he comes back into his body. John pulls him close to rest his head on his good shoulder and runs fingers up and down Sherlock's arm.
John stifles a sigh and folds his hands, “You know there isn’t much I can do,” Sherlock hates the way his face falls as he says this.
Jim Moriarty is the spitting image of his father, ghostly pale with sable hair slicked back from his small face. But his eyes are very different. Jim’s eyes are not cold and threatening, but rather they hold a measure of mischief in their depths.
He supposes that is the entire reason behind arranging for Sherlock to be married here in the chapel of their ancestral home, it wasn’t worth risking his little brother disappearing again between here and the king’s court.
John lifted himself onto his elbow, his damaged shoulder must have twinged because he flinched. He cups Sherlock's face and looks deep into his eyes.
There is only an inch between them now, Sherlock can feel the heat of John’s body and the racing of his own heart in his chest; he wonders for one wild moment if John can feel it, too.
And suddenly, John found himself wanting so badly to be beneath those fingers. To be studied and observed, to be devoured by Sherlock’s keen eyes. Without really meaning to, he opened the glass door he hid behind and stepped across its threshold. He must speak to Sherlock— he must set this right. When Sherlock saw him enter the garden he froze. John barely had time to open his mouth before Sherlock turned on his heel and strode from the yard.
“Even though the body is fresh, it’s nearly impossible to get a reading on a corpse. I’ve gotten nothing from the last four.”
Throughout their exchange, Sherlock had been moving closer to John without realizing, finally coming to lean his hip against the table only inches from the king.
He draws in a long breath, taking in the scent of dewy leaves, the rotting bark of a nearby tree, and the perfume of the water lilies floating near the edge of the lake. He longs to shuck his boots and step into the water, the shock of the cold would send a thrill up his legs and ease the swelling from being on his feet for so many hours. But he could never abide doing such a thing anywhere within sight of his men.
Sherlock did not realize he had fallen asleep until he was jolting awake, the image of John being held by merciless northern inquisitors still flashing crimson before his eyes.
John swung a leg over and slid out of the saddle, offering Sherlock a hand to help him down. It was a bizarrely chivalrous gesture that made Sherlock feel warm inside. As he dismounted he slid right into John's embrace and he cupped his face to kiss him.
He sealed the saccharine words away in the envelope before he could stop himself, heart racing. His fingers shook slightly and a ridiculous grin pulled at his lips.
Carefully John withdraws his finger, leaving Sherlock feeling empty and sensitive. He lays back out beside Sherlock, caressing his love as he fights to get his breath.
That was alright, John was busy and far from home, it would take longer than a couple of days for post from the king’s party to reach the manor.
That was very likely, and it had been weighing on Sherlock. The idea of the soul-crushing boredom that awaited him was not a pleasant one, but if it meant escaping from this place— if only for a while— then he would take it. Maybe time spent away from the snake pit would help him to figure out how to escape it.
Sherlock quickly shrugs him off but then gives him an apologetic look when he remembers people generally find that rude.
Someday soon he would have to leave the south and return to his home. Or perhaps it was more accurate to say he’d have to leave his home and return to the north. To his own personal hell, and face the man who was still his fiancé as far as he knew, much though the thought disgusted him.
Sherlock does not attend dinner that night, choosing to remain sequestered in his room. After all these years, he is finally going to be married. It doesn’t feel real.
“I know, my most recent case has been keeping my busy and I lost track of time. What do you have in?”
Coming up, we'll see Sherlock's recovery and John debating how best to proceed now that the prince of the north is under his roof.
John hesitates for a moment, chewing the inside of his cheek. “Marriage,” he says after a tense moment.
Relief washes through him as blood coats his tongue. The thrill is muted compared to that of a fresh kill, but still there is a tingling in his extremities that makes him sigh deep and long.
It seemed now that Sherlock had begun to speak, the words were coming more easily. John still wasn’t sure if Sherlock really wanted to be explaining this, but he remained where he was all the same.
He decides to stop thinking— a near impossibility for Sherlock Holmes— and just start writing something; anything.
He knows this woman, short blonde hair, large eyes, small frame. He’s seen her many times at his brother’s court. A feeling of terror settles in his stomach, he’d been discovered.
Of course it had been a mistake. If not, he wouldn’t feel this twisting in his gut. He bites down hard on his lip.
Shuffling of feet on plastic sheeting as three officers and a forensic tech vacate the flat’s living room. Sherlock's eyes run up and down the woman’s body, it takes longer than usual for his brain to start cataloging.
When he was done here he would stop in and get proper takeaway somewhere, real food would help with the cravings. He swayed slightly as he stood.
Sherlock feels the flare of rage in his brother before he sees it and instinctively flinches back before Mycroft crosses the space between them and grabs hold of Sherlock by the collar.
He doesn’t remember who started the kissing, but soon John has climbed between Sherlock's legs and they are tearing at each other’s clothes. John clamps his mouth over Sherlock's throat and sucks hard, it will leave a bruise. They move together, so familiar with the other’s body after so many weeks that they fit together without trying.
Soon they come upon what looks like a sheet that’s been tied to the trees on either side of the path creating a sort of wall blocking their way.
“John,” Sherlock sighs sweetly, he has never loved the sound of his ordinary name more than when it passes those lips. But Sherlock gives an almost imperceptible shake of his head, only noticeable with the moonlight shining off of his shifting curls.
Sherlock can still feel the residual effects of fever in the weariness of his limbs as he begins to makes his way through the tunnel’s back to his apartment. He’s been at the manor for nearly a fortnight, and though he has largely recovered from his ordeal, there is a persistent weakness in his body and his wrist still aches.
Greg takes the paper cautiously, hesitant to read the king’s correspondences. John hears the crack of the thick stock as it unfolds.
John begins to dig through the nearby mound of pillows to produce a wicker basket. Flipping back the lid, he pulls out a bottle of wine and uncorks it. Sherlock finds he doesn’t know what to say.
As his foot shifts, his vision begins to blur and a wave of nausea hits him with such force that he stumbles backward. And then he is falling. He hits the earth with enough force to knock what little breath he has left from his lungs. Is this how it would end?
John stands and listens to his deep, even breathing. His heart gives a painful squeeze. He is suddenly overcome with the need to touch Sherlock, to hold him and press kisses into his hair. As John makes for the bed a board beneath his feet gives a horrible creak and Sherlock comes awake with a sniff.
On the morning Of the first day of autumn, Sherlock wakes to the chirping of birds and his cheek resting on his love’s warm chest. He peers up at John's sleeping face. He looks so young when he sleeps, the lines etched by new stresses and old anguish are smoothed away.
Eventually John requests permission with a fervent look, and Sherlock nods his assent; biting back a gasp as John's finger breeches his body.
“Sherlock?” the voice calls to him. It’s no longer hovering above him, but sounds to be coming from directly in front of him. It then becomes apparent that the voice is the warm thing he is pressed against— the body the voice inhabits, the man with the deep, blue eyes.
Sherlock can’t seem to look at John’s face for more than a moment. “Nothing in particular,” he admits, face suddenly burning, “I simply wanted to talk with you. I enjoy talking with you.”
No, this didn’t make sense, this couldn’t be right. He could not possibly have just heard those words from that lovely mouth. His passion-pliant body suddenly goes rigid and he straightens himself against the wall, shoving John back.
It’s horrible, he thinks, invasive and uncomfortable. He squirms and whimpers, fighting the urge to demand John stop.
John strides out the room as though he had completely forgotten Sherlock was even there. Sherlock gives a demure sort of cough and crosses his limbs. He knows the posture is fussy and gives off an air of self-defense, but he is feeling exposed and raw in a way that unsettles him and his arms provide a barrier between himself and the world.
“No, your assistance isn’t necessary. Someone this sloppy has to slip up sooner or later. Besides, you do need to actually turn up to your real job every so often.”
Straightening his shoulders, he steps into the room and three sets of steely eyes clap onto him. He tries not to shrink. His father, the northern king, stands before him; his angular face that is so like Sherlock's own is frowning. He is always frowning. Mycroft hovers behind him, his lips are twisted in a disdainful sneer.
John has only been away from the manor for six days, but to Sherlock's ever-racing mind, it has felt like a year.
The journey from the manor to the boarder had been a difficult one. With each turn of his coach’s wheels he was taken further and further from John. Guilt knotted his stomach at the thought of John waking to find himself alone; he was a coward to have left without a final goodbye.
“Sherlock,” the king begins, “this man is Gorge Moriarty, a lord in the east, and your future father in law.”
He didn’t want to think about the day he would inevitably have to say goodbye to John Watson. He imagined the pain of that separation might kill him. But of course, that was no longer possible.
John would return to his chambers on the floor above, Sherlock knew exactly which door he was looking for. As he tears through the tunnels anticipation made his legs shake and his lips curved into a ridiculous grin.
Sherlock knew of a particularly horrific practice used by northern inquisitors that involved the breaking of digits. He knew because he had once been threatened with it if he did not comply with his brother’s demands. And when he had drifted off that morning the memory of the sound of his own wrist breaking merged with the fantasy of John's gentle fingers being cracked and Sherlock had awakened with tears in his eyes. He decided that sleep with not worth the trouble until John returned.
He did not sleep but rather drifted in the place just beyond wakefulness. There he remained for what may have been hours. It was in that dreamless place that a long forgotten memory came back to him.
Sherlock settles back against the sofa, self-composure steadily returning to him. “You don’t like me.”
He carefully peers through the door expecting to see Sherlock by the window with Rosie in his arms, swaying gently back and forth. Instead he finds Mrs. Hudson. She is seated on the sofa with Rosie on her lap, and both of them are completely absorbed in the cat on the coffee table.
The air lightens as they ascend a narrow flight of wooden stairs that creak under their feet. That is when Sherlock becomes aware of the other sets of footfalls that accompany those of the man carrying him. As they emerge from the cellar into the light of the main floor, relief floods his chest at the sight of the blue-eyed man. He hadn’t left at all; he’d been walking a little way ahead.
The dreams that swirl before him as he dies become strange then. He is very faintly aware of arms wrapping around him, being lifted off the cold ground, and settled against something warm. He is higher up now, and the movement beneath him is familiar. He is sitting astride a horse, leant forward against the rider, his cheek pressed into sun-heated skin...
How exactly a few months had managed to feel like three life times, Sherlock didn’t know. Days blurred together so easily out here where there was nothing. Court life had at least been stimulating.
Mrs. Hudson carries herself with the air of an age passed. She is possessed of all the poise required of a lady in the days of John’s grandfather. Though she herself is not of noble blood, John thinks Martha Hudson holds within her small frame all the grace and wisdom of a queen— or certainly, a queen’s lady.
Sherlock pushes his face into the crook of John's neck and breathes him in. John rubs broad circles across Sherlock's back as they sway slightly where they stand.
He draws in a steadying breath. “No, it is not your word that I doubt, it’s my own ears. For how can I have truly heard you confess to wanting
“Around noon yesterday we received a letter from the earl with whom the king and his company where to lodge for the next stop on their progress. He said the company never arrived and he was becoming concerned.”
A growl of frustration tore from his throat. There had to be other options but his mid was too spent to come up with anything useful.
The entry is silent and almost completely dark, save for the light coming in through the open front door. Sherlock only narrowly avoids walking straight into the door at the other end of the room as he searches for a way into the larger space beyond. When the fingers of his outstretched hand meet the door, it gives way without much effort; it has been left slightly ajar.
Minutes pass and Sherlock’s breathing begins to calm, and John can feel both of their heartbeats slowing. He traces circles on the backs of Sherlock’s hands and draws in long breaths for him to match. Sherlock’s frame is still tight with tension, but he has relaxed enough to lean his weight into John, and he allows himself to be soothed.
“You room,” Anthea informs him cordially before slipping silently away into the darkness of the hallway beyond.
That night Sherlock lay in bed, attempting to sleep despite the heat and his overactive mind. Several times he had to restrain himself from sneaking into Mrs. Hudson’s room to retrieve the letter before it could be posted. But he remained firmly in his bed until morning, though sleep did not come.
“I know but…” he shuts his eyes tight. “A few months ago I wouldn’t have even thought of saying yes to Liz, now I’m snogging my coworker in my office after hours.”
He stares at the surface of the lake, watching tiny ripples writhe and glimmer in time with the breeze. He heaves a sigh.
They’d filed out of the stables before the sun had even risen with the intention of bagging at least one stag, for god’s sake. It’s been nearly a month since they’ve caught anything at all, the herd’s numbers had diminished significantly over the winter. Not because the winter season had been particularly brutal, but those damn poachers just cannot seem to keep to their own woods of late.
“Well,” Sherlock concedes, “perhaps lying is too strong a word. But certainly he was exaggerating the situation.”
The voices grow louder and the crowd begins to mutter, pivoting in their seats to glance back at the entry before the door burst open with a crack and soldiers pour into the chapel.
But so genuine was her remorse at learning what had happened to Sherlock that John was inclined to believe her sincere, despite his reservations.
He’d had no particular destination in mind when he’d left his apartment, he only wanted to be moving, and with guests arriving early for the south’s annual summit, the tunnels were his only option during daylight hours. It would not do to be seen by the southern aristocracy, especially not when most of them still celebrated his apparent demise, weeks after his unexplained disappearance. He doesn’t blame them.
John looks back over his shoulder and nods to Lestrade who rushes passed them, sword drawn as John pulls Sherlock away, fleeing the chapel. Sherlock does not witness Greg Lestrade run his brother through, but he hears the screams of his wedding guests as they watch their king die.
“Who is she?” he asks, folding his arms to communicate he’d allow John no closer until he got an answer. He didn’t care how petulant he looked.
He comes upon the conservatory door to find it cracked, music flowing into the corridor. Struggling to catch his breath in the musty air, John pushes the doors open with infinite care; fearing that any creek of the hinges may frighten the music away.
Now no sooner had he oriented himself on the calendar then another month had gone by. The staff here was small, no more than a few people at a time, all under strict orders not to engage with their master in any way, apparently.
In the panic, Sherlock shoots to his feet, body bracing to move. Moriarty has already fled the altar as guards close in around him, blocking his view of the room.
He slips out of the manor on silent, slippered feet just as the sun beyond the trees is turning the night sky silvery with the morning. Gravel crunches under him, he can feel every pebble. His fingers reach out to brush along the foliage that lines the path, the grounds are practically humming with life now that spring has come.
“Yes, they’re overseas now, and my little one is receiving the care she needs. But I am not permitted to leave my post until Lord Moriarty decides my father’s debt has been paid.”
“I also explained that I didn’t believe there was any ill-intent in his doing so,” Sherlock said, voice low and sleepy.
Happy Thanksgiving to those who acknowledge it. I don't personally, but i wish you a wonderful day nonetheless.
James Moriarty and his father fled the castle hidden in the mountains before John's troops could apprehend him. Fled like the cowards they are back to their homeland. If the soldiers in pursuit do not capture them before they cross the eastern border they will be permanently beyond John's reach; and he is more eager than he cares to admit to have them in his custody— to make them pay for the suffering they’ve inflicted.
John smiles an absolutely beautiful smile, and Sherlock wants so badly to be back in his arms, as on that night in the conservatory.
“No one even seemed to notice when we slipped away. Pits, the man who lead the search party who found us said there was blood in my carriage, I can’t imagine whose.
Sometime after sunset, John is not sure when, Mrs. Hudson had knocked on the door. She’d fussed and petted his hair like a small child when she saw how broken he was before gently instructing him to dress himself and come to the audience chamber quickly.
Sherlock has spent the past five nights in John's bed because it smells of him— ridiculous. Lying next to John at night, and having little else to occupy him during the day had made sleeping appealing for the first time in his life, and Sherlock finds he is more than willing to take advantage of it.
There is a mirror on the wall beside the coat pegs and Sherlock catches a glimpse of his reflection as he makes for the door. He looks almost wild. Hair in disarray from running his fingers through it in his impatience to leave, eyes dull with dark shadows blooming beneath, skin gone sickly pale, nearly translucent.
However, intimacy and passion have very obvious effects on the body and Sherlock soon feels the effect theirs has on John press into his hip. He chuckles.
He wants to cry, to scream, to curse this vile man, but he can’t find his lips. Mycroft places a gentle hand against his cheek.
He recalls the last time someone held his throbbing wrist like this. John, that night at the piano in the abandoned conservatory. Irene’s hands are soft but her touch carries none of John's tenderness. No, he would never again feel gentle hands on him, or a kind touch. The thought makes him sick.
“I’ll have Molly come round to see to the rug,” she says, gesturing to the pool of tea spreading through the fibers.
Sherlock is sat in a high-backed chair by the open window, a book resting in his lap. He folds the volume shut as John steps into the room, his shoulders instantly going stiff as his eyes wander over the king's frame. He gives John a curt nod as he approaches.
John laughs, a genuine laugh without scorn or judgment, “I suppose it helps if you believe that someone is listening.”
John claims his mouth then, hot and insistent; and Sherlock goes limp, allowing the press of John’s body against his to keep him propped against the wall. Sherlock is overwhelmed by just how much his body of capable of feeling. He hadn’t ever considered that it might be possible to experience another person with the entirety of his being.
“Leave us, please,” John says quietly to Mrs. Hudson, and the housekeeper exits without a sound, leaving the cart with its newly broken wheel behind.
Also, yes, I do know what a "pew" is, but I don't think Sherlock would. I've also been going back through previous chapters and doing a bit of revision. One of these edits was to make the traditions of this world a little less specific.
Sherlock secures the letter with a seal before he can think twice about it. The stationary very obviously belongs to the housekeeper with a large H accompanied by a small bird on the wax seal, Sherlock wonders if John will bother to open it at all.
We are past the halfway point now, at least. Like I said, this story is likely to be between 24-26 chapters. Kind of a short on e this time.
“A party was dispatched to locate them, to see if they’d simply become lost or delayed. They discovered caravan late last night badly damaged, it’s believed they were ambushed” she paused to swallow hard, “there were no survivors.”
John heaves a sigh as the door clicks shut behind him. Leaning his head back he drops his bag and allows his eyes to slip closed for just a moment.
“Surely your high-born must understand the circumstances,” Sherlock provides, wanting to reassure John but not know how.
“Very well,” the king says, evidently working to hold onto his thinning patience, “was there anything else?”
“John,” Sherlock says carefully, placing his foot over John's, “I understand that you once attempted to take your own life.”
Sherlock’s face burned at the memory of holding onto John the way he had. At the way his carefully modulated voice had cracked and his defenses had crumbled with the slightest touch from John. Sherlock’s instincts screamed at him that anyone who could render him so completely helpless was not to be trusted. Someone like that could— and would— hurt him in the end.
His legs kick out blindly but he cannot get his feet under him long enough to stand. Even if he could it would make no difference with his arms pinned under Moran’s knee. He is lightheaded, his chest burns with every shaky inhale and he can hardly see through the stars that dance before his eyes.
Sherlock gives him a quizzical look and John smiles warmly, “Only so that I may see you returned safely to your room.”
Sherlock wonders if it would be appropriate to inflict his loneliness on John while he is away from his home on business. A part of him wants badly to share with John how he wishes they were together in this moment, but another part recoils from the idea of deliberately opening himself up in that way.
Irene offers Sherlock her thin hand and helps him carefully to his feet. His legs shake beneath him and she supports him around the waist as she guides him to the washroom.
Sherlock makes John look at him and smooths the furrow from his brow with the pad of a thumb. Sherlock moves around John so that he no longer has to look at that place that upset him so.
But he was tired, he had perhaps gotten what amounted to two or three decent nights of rest since John had gone on progress, and that was well over a fortnight ago.
“Yes I did, and I could do nothing to protect them.” John's voice is dark as he says this. “Greg grabbed me and a few of my men and ushered us into the trees. I could hear the clash of blades as we ran. I abandoned them.”
But these past weeks I’ve seen a change in him.” Greg gives Sherlock a meaningful look that stops his heart.
Sherlock feels hands slip under his shirt. The touch is hot against his over-sensitive skin and he feels his body writhe.
“And will you, Sherlock Holmes, prince of the north, take James Moriarty to be your wedded husband.”
Sherlock was bid to wait a moment while John relieved the horse of its heavy tack and turned it loose to graze. The water looked very inviting. The clear surface reflected the blue of the sky above, and anything that brought respite from this damned heat was more than welcome.
Only a few more years before it becomes very obvious that Sherlock's hair has not gone grey the way John's has, or that his face is almost unchanged from the day they met. Only a few more years before he will have to break John's heart again, or sooner if he should ever discover the truth.
I've really been amazed and touched by your responses to this work, it means so much, truly. I'd like to keep the chapters about this length on average, but my chapter lengths tend to be pretty inconsistent as a rule. I hope you enjoy!
They lie together on the dock; the blanket John had used to pad his saddle spread out beneath them. Sherlock's curls have sun-dried to a fluffy mess, a dark halo that sticks out every which way from his head. John seems to find this amusing because he is propped on his elbow continually carding his fingers through it, which may be contributing to the disarray.
Sherlock paced the servant’s tunnels endlessly, too manic to rest for even a moment. Each time he tried to sit and gather his thoughts, rising panic would drive him to his feet again. He wanted to hit something, to smash his fists against the wall until they bled. But his anger was a futile one.
“You are,” John begins slowly, making sure Sherlock hears every word, “the greatest happiness I have ever known. Look at me. Yes, I know how that sounds, but I swear it’s the truth.” God, he was shit at this. “You, my sweet Sherlock, came crashing into my life and lit up my world like a thousand stars.”
“Swear that you will not surrender to Mycroft. That you will wed Mary Morstan and be happy. Please, John.”
She steps back and smiles as she admires him. Sherlock glances up at the mirror only meaning to take a cursory look at himself, but is brought up short by what he sees.
The stairs feel as though they go on forever. As he steps onto the landing he hears soft voices from behind the door and his heart lightens a little at the sound of his daughter’s soft cooing. Only Sherlock has ever made her giggle like that, and John suddenly cannot wait to cross the threshold and see them both.
Any attempt to breathe evenly is instantly made futile when his eyes fall upon the figure at the grand. Moonlight gleams off of milky skin and wild, ink-dark curls. Long, elegant fingers dance across the keys, bringing forth music with such beauty as could have made John drop to his knees and weep. The figure sways slightly with the piece, and with each graceful movement, John is drawn deeper.
The smell of blood was beginning to make him dizzy. He hadn’t finished the pint of pig’s blood and he’d left the rest in the alley. It wouldn’t do to turn up to a murder scene carrying a takeout container of blood. He is still so thirsty.
James accompanied Sherlock back to court, relegated to the carriage behind the prince’s. As the fiancé of the deceased’s brother, it was decided that Sherlock should attend the funeral— if only to show that the Moriarty family had the king’s favor. But Sherlock had blatantly ignored James, though he knew it was a foolish thing to do.
A laugh growls out of Sherlock’s throat before he can stop it, and a familiar pain sparks in his chest. You would be the first, he thinks sadly.
A hand alights gently on his shoulder and he jerks up, groaning as the sudden movement pulls at his chest. He is surprised to find himself staring into the angular face of Irene Adler.
Amir places the deli cup on the counter and Sherlock's mouth fills with saliva and the sharp tang of his venom. He fishes a note out of his wallet with slightly shaking fingers.
The blow comes without warning. Sherlock doesn’t see it coming with his head bowed, and the cane connects mercilessly with his face; making stars dance before his watering eyes. He is mostly certain he did not cry out, as a second blow never came.
John laugh breathlessly into Sherlock's questing mouth and Sherlock laughs too. John slips his fingers into Sherlock's hair to hold him in place and runs a soothing hand along his curving spine.
You're probably getting sick of me apologizing for the delays in chapters, huh? well i actually started this a little while ago but i put it aside because i recently started a new job thats had me more stressed than i thought it would. i'm actually posting this just before i have to leave for work.
The cat stands and stretches itself out to push its’ head against her tiny hand, rubbing its face into her palm and purring loudly. John extends him hand slowly and the cat starts back. He has never been able to convince it to let him touch it.
Sherlock knows that there is no happiness waiting for him in the north, John must know this as well as he does not ask Sherlock to promise to be happy without him, only to live.
A shiver travels up Sherlock's spine before he can stop it, fear clenching his stomach. Ice settles in his veins as Moriarty runs cold fingers up his neck to the place where his pulse beats.
But he does. He looms over Sherlock with a hand of the back of his chair and catches his eyes in the mirror.
A stray sound reaches his ears, the sound of hurried footsteps in the hall outside his apartment. He is the only occupant of this wing, so it must be the footfalls and excited voices of staff members. He thought he could hear the distant hum of activity that he imagined must be coming from the direction of the entrance hall.
“Not at all,” John laughs, stroking a hand over Sherlock's face, “I have never felt more sane in my life.”
Sherlock is able to get all the way onto his back when, with a snarl Moriarty reels back, snatching Sherlock's wrist and bending it at an unnatural angle. Sherlock swallows the scream that curls in his throat and dips his head to sink his teeth into Jim’s hand as he reaches for his throat.
In the wee hours Sherlock feels John drifts off to sleep at last, he is sure he did not mean to. He had seemed content to lie awake with Sherlock until morning, perhaps it is better this way.
“You have to understand,” John says, “I had nothing. My family was gone, my country was falling apart…” he breaks off, apparently to steel himself. “She left me and I lost hope. It was a moment of weakness, that’s all.”
If just one finger could feel so big in him, Sherlock had to wonder what it would be like to take John into his body properly, a thought that has him writhing on the blanket.
John nudges Sherlock's chin up to bite at his neck. Head thrown back, Sherlock can see the sun glittering through the emerald leaves— a sky made of diamonds.
He steps to the sink to retrieve utensils, no one had bothered to do the dishes apparently. When he turns back he jumps, Sherlock is already seated, tearing his naan into strips and stuffing it into his mouth.
John bites down on the anger roiling in his stomach and says as evenly as possible, “I can take guesses if you’d prefer. You could simply answer yes or no.”
“Because I was burdensome, and they disliked me,” Sherlock is surprised by the ease in his voice, though he can feel John’s pitying gaze burning a hole in him; it makes his jaw clench.
There’s no response and the cat seems to have vanished but the door to 221a is closed. That cat had been coming and going from 221 almost as long as John has, but it never seems to linger for more than a few minutes.
The kiss is slow but firm, more confident in the wake of their new understanding. Despite Sherlock’s larger frame the contours of their bodies align as though they had been made to fit together. John takes Sherlock’s hand and guides him wordlessly through the door that connects the sitting room and the bedroom.
“Yes,” Mary replies, “I’ve been working in your family’s court for a number of years now. Though I suppose I’ve just been compromised.” She gives him the same genial smile she gave John a moment ago, but there is something hard behind it.
John was alive, and Sherlock was so giddy with relief that he had not stopped to consider whether or not John had received that damned letter. There was still the very real possibility that John had not wanted to read the things that Sherlock had written. And if he had not wanted to hear those sweet but vague words, he certainly would not want to hear all the rest of it.
If he could only get to his feet he is sure he could reach it. He braces his palms flat on the dirt and attempts to force himself upright. At the slightest pressure, pain shoots up his arm; he can’t remember a moment later if he’d cried out as his face hit the earth again.
Could it be that John thinks of himself as belonging to Sherlock in some small way? No, of course not, he was only being polite. Still, it warms Sherlock to fancy he holds some claim to John, no matter how absurd the notion.
It isn’t until half an hour later when he is on the train home that he begins to realize what an enormous jerk he’s been. It was unkind of him to have allowed Liz to think he was interested at all when he really wasn’t. Not in her, at least.
No, that wasn’t true. Sherlock does love John, maybe more than he has ever loved anyone, and John knows this. But he is not in love with him. It’s really quite simple.
As his eyes had scanned the line of soldiers before him his eye fell upon a man he thought he recognized. He was tall, even atop his horse, with dark blonde hair and a chiseled face. Sherlock felt a cold stab of real fear as he realized that man tasked with bringing him home was Sebastian Moran.
He moves to get off the bench, but John holds out a hand as he steps forward; imploring Sherlock to stay where he is.
There was a round of affirmative muttering and John hoists himself up into his saddle. Tied over the back of a spare horse are two does’, staring unseeingly as their heads swing on limp necks. Well, thinks John, at least there will be meat at dinner for a short while.
Sherlock's face warms at the memory of the first night he’d shared with John. They’d done nothing since then, but the reality of what they’d done that night frightened him. He had let that beautiful man get closer to him than anyone ever had. The worst part was, he didn’t even particularly mind. In fact, he was absurdly happy.
She works quickly and quietly. Sherlock almost wishes she would slow her pace just to put off the moment when he would have to leave this room.
Rather than feeling embarrassed at having been caught, a smile tugs at Sherlock’s lips, “This place is beautiful.”
As John prepares to tuck in he glances up at Sherlock's face. There are dark shadows under his eyes and his skin seems to have taken on a sickly parlor in the last few days. He wishes the idiot would sleep more.
“I think,” John begins through shallow gasps, “perhaps, we should stop this before...” John allows the silence to complete his thought.
Next time, John and Sherlock's simmering romance reaches its boiling point. After, we'll find out how Sherlock ended up in the South.
Someone enters his receiving room while he lies listlessly on the sofa, melting into the velvet with the heat that hangs in the air. He looks up to see Molly, one of the house maids pulling fresh linens from the cabinet.
The funeral had been a tasteful one, the sort of affair fitting of a noble family like the Moriarty’s. Sherlock hadn’t known Janine well, he had only spoken to her a small handful of times, but she was clever and engaging; the highest praise Sherlock could bestow upon another human being.
John, much more aware owing to a higher tolerance, smiles warmly at Sherlock in a way that makes his toes curl and says, ”Would that not upset you?”
“I apologize,” he murmurs, “I did not mean to make you uncomfortable. It isn’t any business of mine. But please, Majesty, allow me to remain here for a little while longer— only until I can find another place to go.”
Sherlock hastily checks that his clothes are smoothed and that his usually unruly curls are at least a little tidy. After all, it would not do to meet ones betrothed looking a mess.
John reaches up to run his fingers along the sheets propped in the stand above the keys, a fond smile pulling at his lips, “My mother used to play this.”
Something cold settles in the air of the living room as John leaves, as if he has taken the last of the day’s warmth with him up to his and Rosie’s bedroom.
While roaming the manor, Sherlock listens in on a conversation between John and a Major Sholto. And John catches a glimpse of Sherlock's potential usefulness. Then they share a strange moment together.
Everything was falling apart around him, and the one thing he’d clung to, the only happy thing John had found in a long time could not even bare to look at him. Well fuck that.
Firstly, let me apologize for the absurd delay in this chapter. April turned out to be the month from hell and things still haven't quite calmed down. i feel like i've been on my feet constantly since moving back.
“I want you,” Sherlock pants, and John closes his mouth over his throat and sucks hard, drawing from Sherlock the most beautiful sound John has ever heard.
John is about to spout something scathing in the affirmative, but something in the other man’s face kills the words in his throat. Sherlock is a prince through and through, that much is apparent. John can see that he possesses a strong sense of dignity just by looking at him, but there is nothing in his posture that speaks of arrogance or ill intent. Despite his dignity, however, Sherlock’s face betrayed quite a bit. John had seen the tension in him the moment he’d entered the room. His eyes had gone wide at John’s admission of his council’s advice, and he had set his jaw.
Sherlock made an impressed little noise, he had never expressly told Lestrade about that particular skill. He really should give the DI more credit.
Even after all these years there was something about Sherlock that John could never quite grasp. He had seen a side of the man he was certain no one else knew. John had been as close to Sherlock as it was possible for a man to be with someone he could only call a friend, and yet he still felt as though he was being held at arms-length.
Sherlock’s head tilts in confusion, “If there is an established practice, how is that not the most important aspect?”
“Sherlock,” John breathes, “it’s alright, honestly. It doesn’t matter, you’re here now, it’s just the two of us.”
“She’s of average build but not particularly toned or muscular, so she probably didn’t regularly go to a gym, busy schedule. Callus on her left middle finger suggests she’s left handed. There’s a surgical scar on the inside of her right wrist that looks to be about a year old, check with hospitals to see if anyone remembers her. Surgery like that would require physical therapy. She has a cat and—”
He doesn’t know if he is still alive, but though the pain in his body persists, a peace has settled in his mind; light and calming. Perhaps dying would not be so terrible an ordeal, after all.
Moriarty gives a dismissive little shrug and turns to the justice who has settled himself behind the podium.
John had reached for his letter set several times, but each time he scrawled a heading he recalled the fear in Sherlock’s eyes at the mere suggestion of his brother. He couldn’t simply send the prince away having seen what he’d seen in those eyes, nor could he put off making his decision any longer. If something was to be done— and something must be done— it would need to happen soon. Sherlock had to go.
John lets go of the breath he’d been holding, “Sherlock will remain here for the time being until he is able to find a new arrangement.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” John says, turning to address her. “We’re glad you’ve finally returned to us, we are utterly lost without you. How is your sister fairing?”
Sherlock squared his shoulders and stepped lightly from the coach despite the quaking in his legs. This was actually happening; he was going back.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice breaks through his reverie and Sherlock’s eyes focus to find John standing that much closer than he had done a moment ago. So near were they that Sherlock could see the streaks of brown in the king’s ocean eyes. “Is anything the matter?”
references to past child abuse and physical violence. i tried to keep it a little more vague this time, because we will get into it a little more in chapter eleven.
Groggily Sherlock clambers out of bed to shut the window before the rain can pour into the room. When the latch clicks shut Sherlock presses his wrist against the cool glass, it helps a little. That is when he spots something rather odd down in the garden. Two young men, stable boys by the look of them, were racing across the courtyard up to the house. What business did stable boys have in the manor? As they pass under a lamp post Sherlock can see that they wear huge smiles on their faces.
Thank you so much for you patience with me on this work. I can't promise i will go back to uploading three chapters in a week, but I will do my best to get them out to you more than once i month, lol
He tries to laugh with her but can’t seem to manage it. She can tell somethings amiss. Of course she can, she’s Mrs. Hudson, she can always tell.
Gently, he runs his fingers over the soft cream wedding suit. With he slightest touch the mannequin rocks on its uneven feet, making the gold cape glitter in the low light. The ensemble was attractive enough though he can’t seem to imagine himself in it. He wouldn’t have to imagine for much longer. He doesn’t want to think about it.
“Alright,” John says after a long pause, “see if neighboring counties can contribute anything, I doubt they fared much better, but it’s worth asking. Beyond that, there isn’t anything else I can do for them now.”
It is high summer, the only warm part of the year in the far north and Sherlock tilts his face to the sky to feel the sun. He feels free and happy as he watches his beloved dog romp, Redbeard seems even more excited than he is to be out of the palace and hidden away behind the cliffs where no one will bother them. The hum of the stream fills his awareness and swells until it becomes almost a roar.
“I cannot speak for the rest of this wing,” Sherlock says, “but someone has definitely been tending these instruments, dusting them at least."
“Sherlock,” John tries to speak but Sherlock has already made to leave, pulling his shirt closed around himself. “Wait, please—”
Sherlock choses to remain where his feet can still touch the ground. He is not the strongest swimmer owing to lifetime spent in almost perpetual winter. John leaves him there and swims out further, diving under and giving Sherlock a perfect view of his ass.
Dimly John recalls the meeting but he does not think his legs could support him even if he had the will to stand.
“You can come in,” the figure invites, and Sherlock’s heart kicks painfully against his ribs, “I know you’re there.”
“My brother— that is, the king— has suggested that I take some time away from court,” he is almost proud of how measured his voice is.
On the third day, he spied Sherlock in the courtyard garden after dark. He meandered through the bushes and shrubs grown lush with summer, running his fingers lightly over leaves and flowers. John imagined Sherlock was cataloguing the feel of each plant beneath is touch, the way he catalogued everything. He looked at peace, the lines of his posture relaxed in the light of the high lamps.
Amir lays a strip of tape over the lid of the cup and places it carefully in a plastic bag. He opens his mouth to offer a good night, but Sherlock has already swept out the door.
Sherlock gives a little smile in return as the door opens and Mrs. Hudson wheels in her little tea cart laden with fragrant tea and fresh pastries.
Sherlock’s has flushed a deep shade of red and he seems to fight with himself in order to keep his eyes on John’s. He tries to speak, but no words come. Sherlock sags, resistance leaves him as he seems to resign himself to an unhappy truth. He shakes his head as he attempts to pull away.
The late October air is bitingly cold and Sherlock forgoes a cab, no sense wasting such a nice night. He watches the stars as he walks, mesmerized by the way they twinkle and glimmer against the velvet sky. There was a time, no so very long ago, when he would have dismissed such trivialities as the loveliness of stars— but that was before John Watson.
Sherlock had been doing his best to stay out of everyone’s way, and be as pleasant as humanly possible. Which proved a feat. Some of the servants he’d encountered had revealed themselves to be among the slowest and most painfully dull people he had ever met. It took a frankly indecent amount of restraint not to snap at them, or even to roll his eyes. He was determined to make himself as amenable as he could.
He feels the edge of a dull ache in his chest he hadn’t noticed before. He has become so accustomed to John's presence that being without him, even after so short a time, feels wrong.
“Yes.” When the word comes its soft and broken, a barely restrained sob. “He brings me before witnesses and hands down punishments at the slightest provocation. I can recall once he struck me so hard I literally could not remember my own name come morning… when I regained consciousness. He frequently locks me in my suite without food for days on end.”
By the time the sun set tomorrow Sherlock will have held up his end of the bargain; on this he was resolved. And, war or no, he could only hope his brother would do the same.
He forces his eyes to focus and, with what little strength he can muster, he turns his face up. His weary gaze is met by a pair of deep blue eyes that could very well have been staring straight into his soul. Light golden skin and sandy hair… beautiful. He wants to speak, wants to hear the voice again. But he can no longer fight the weight and, in an instant, he is slammed into darkness.
Back in the alley, the man who had lead him into the office is gone and Sherlock is grateful for the privacy. He retreats deeper into the alley, concealing himself in the darkest shadows before sliding down the wall and pulling the deli cup from the bag.
That voice, that presence, is the only thing he knows now, the only thing tethering him to the Earth. What would happen if he were to be parted from it, would he drift away? He is then swept up onto the back of a new person, a bulky man who reeks of ash and sweat. The odor and sudden motion constrict his throat with another wave of sickness.
An ambushed caravan. It was a scenario so morbidly familiar that Sherlock almost laughed. Had John gone the same way as Sherlock's mother and father? He had not lost any sleep over the deaths of his parents, no matter how violent their end. If John did not return however, Sherlock didn’t think he would ever sleep again.
Oh, right, that's his name. The voices know him. A spark of panic lights in him. He’d been found, he’d be taken back. He wills death to come, it would be preferable. The voice near his head, the first that he’d heard, suddenly grows louder. The bark startles him.
“Of course they do, that’s the problem. They come here as landlords and masters for me to fortify their hope and conviction so that they may return to their own and pass on the good cheer. But we all know that even though the war is long ended, we are still losing the battle.” He looks up into Sherlock’s eyes. “Hope the only thing my people have left.
He finds he enjoys traversing the grounds before dawn when the world is still and hazy all around him. There is no one to stumble upon him, save the occasional guard; but their rotations were easily memorized to avoid potential encounter. He has found seven paths that branch out from the courtyard garden that he has taken to exploring, familiarizing himself further with this new space as he winds his way to their destinations. By the sixteenth day, he has traveled five of them.
I'm not sure why this is even in my outline, its just fluffy smut, no plot. But here you are anyway.
“Go to him now, I’ll arrange a carriage for first thing in the morning. I think it best to have this over with as quickly as is possible.”
It wasn’t that Sherlock is a man, no there had been men in John's romantic life before— secretly. It was that John was falling in love with him, and falling in love was not something John Three Continents Watson did often or easily.
Sherlock gives him a look of apprehension. The last time John had suggested this had been the night he’d come home. In the hour before dawn he had taken Sherlock in his mouth a sucked him to a screaming, toe-curling finish.
Sherlock isn’t aware of how much time passes, he focusses solely on maintaining consciousness. All he knows is that, in what feels like only seconds that somehow seemed to have stretched themselves over many hours, the rocking of the horse beneath him has stopped and there is a general commotion from every direction. He hates the noise.
Sherlock wants to obey, but the bone-deep cold he feels and the shock of the pain in his arm have him twisting in the sheet.
“Oh dear!” she exclaims, making a good show of being shocked to have stumbled in on the scene before her, “I do apologize. Don’t let me interrupt.”
Sure he may trumpet about his intellect, but John knew that a bone-deep self-loathing existed within his best friend, hidden away where others couldn’t see it. John wished, had always wished, he could take it away, make the madman understand just how precious he was to so many people— how necessary his existence was to John's continued survival— but he could never seem to summon the words.
“For northern intelligence, yes. He rather enjoyed his work, as I understand it. His father is a powerful lord in east and my father—and Mycroft after him— have lusted after that family’s resources for as long as I can remember. I was promised to Jim by my father when I was little more than a child. He struck the deal just before he died.”
Something in Sherlock's voice, a hard edge to his words, makes John stand up a little straighter. Sherlock's pale eyes drift once up and down John's body before locking on his face, which John is sure must be bright red.
They remain there by the window pressed together. The light from the garden lamps glowing gold on their skin. Moments pass as they taste each other with little kisses, fingers twined in hair and sleek silk.
A short, wide man with spectacles clears his throat uncomfortably, “Yes, your majesty, there is one other matter.”
Amir steps into the office and there is the sucking sound of a refrigerator door being pulled open and warm air spills into the room. Through the window into the office Sherlock can see Amir scratch his thick beard and make a face.
John’s heart leaps into his throat. Whatever he had been expecting, it had not been to see the face of a man looking back at him.
“I didn’t trust him when first we knew him,” Greg says, voice heavy and sad. And it takes a moment for John to realize he is referring to Sherlock. “But I could see how happy he made you.”
Sherlock feels John’s weight push against him, and he allows himself to be pressed into the back of the sofa. One strong arm remained around Sherlock’s narrow waist to support him while the other hand ran, open palmed, along his thigh to the place behind his knee— hitching him closer. Sherlock’s mouth opened willingly, eagerly, to John’s questing tongue and he arched, bending his long frame to press himself chest to chest with John. The moan that rumbles deep in the king’s broad chest makes Sherlock grow warm, his entire body feeling as though it had been filled with something hot and thick.
Sherlock msut know John is here, but he does not turn around. John’s heart kicks again. Sherlock’s long arms are crossed and his head is bowed as he watches the yard below. John steps forward as quietly as he can so as not to startle the obviously tense man, and places himself just close enough that Sherlock will be able to feel the warmth of his body without needing to touch him.
Sherlock never swears, but he cannot think of another way to communicate. He can hardly think at all. He had known the pleasure of sexual release many times before, on his own and now with John; but it had all been external. Now the feeling came from deep within his body, and it was heavenly.
“I was concerned about what would happen to you if I never returned. I was terrified I would never see you again, and…”
He does not sleep. He lies awake for hours in the stillness, weeping silently into his pillow. Pain thunders in his chest and rolls out in waves through his body, he is beginning to remember how black misery can be.
“Lip parted, eyes dilated and slightly unfocused, breath uneven,” Sherlock begins in a rapid whisper. “Factor in…” he gives a little cough, “other physical responses to my proximity. I’ve seen these things before.”
“You were concerned for your safety, there is no shame in that. fear is a natural reaction to a threat.”
It was on mornings like this, when the entire world seemed to thrum with life all around him that John feels most at peace. The singing of the birds in the trees continually draws his eyes upward where he is met with the glittering of sunlight through the leaves, a sky made of diamonds.
Whatever bitterness Sherlock had been feeling when John came home seemed to have dissipated, or he may have been too distracted by his food to care about anything else.
Reluctantly they move apart, Sherlock’s eyes never leaving John’s until the heavy door closes between them.
For a few hopeful seconds he thought perhaps Sherlock had come back to him, but that was impossible.
He dips into the ink one more time and scrawls an S above the seal, it was as blatant as he dared be about the identity of the enclosed letter’s author.
The paths Sherlock has followed have led to the expected places; the stables, the fields, a grove he did not enter, and so on. This new walk seems to take him further than the others, leading well past the stable yard and out into a sprawling pasture.  Nestled just within the far tree line sits a seemingly very old structure with something protruding from steepled roof. As Sherlock draws closer the rounded stones that make up the building’s tilting façade become distinguishable, and he can see the tiny flames of candles flickering in the arching windows. It takes him far longer than he thinks it should have to come to the conclusion that the building he is now stepping into is a religious house of some kind.
Greg makes an indifferent sort of noise, “I don’t have to like you. If the king wants you here, then stay you shall.” Something almost wistful crosses Greg’s face, “I’ve always wished John could be more like his father, less
Life in the manor became too busy for John to make another attempt to see Sherlock again for the next two days. Now that the guests for the summit had arrived, it was all hands on deck for the final preparations to begin. This meant that as his staff were spending their every waking hour working until they ached, and John spent his forcing a smile while he entertained his nobles and their parties.
Later, John would not remember someone coming to him to say it was time to make his way to the ballroom, nor would he remember fleeing that ballroom an hour later when the walls seemed to be closing in on him.
Sherlock wonders if he would always feel the pain of it. Was it possible he could ever completely mend?
A loud knock sounds at the door, making them both jump. The door is swinging open before either of them can get a word out.
But Sherlock had made it clear early on that relationships, and sex, were not something he did. He was married to his work, and John could live with that. he would ignore it and persist in finding the right woman, settle down, and keep on solving cases with his best friend. It would all be fine.
“I’ve heard conditions are brutal out there, why did your family not live at their court in the capital?”
“Good evening,” he greeted them, but there was no sincerity in it. He took in their pitying expressions and heaved a sigh. They know.
. David was a good man, to be sure, and a great king; but unlike John, he never allowed his heart to rule his head.”
“Yes well, that is not how my father brought me up. A king’s place is beside his people. But I ran because I was afraid. A coward then, a coward now.”
Jim remained a source of hope for the young prince. Even after his first breakdown and lapse into what his older brother would call
As his party broke the tree line his heart had squeezed at the sight of the small army that awaited him. The northern troops that had been sent to collect him far outnumbered the southern manor guards that had been his protectors. A show of strength orchestrated by his brother, no doubt.
Upon his return to court, Sherlock is summoned at once to his brother’s audience chamber before he’s even changed out of his traveling clothes.
An image of John staring down his nose at him the way Mycroft so often did sent a violent tremor through Sherlock before he could force it away.
John bites his lip sheepishly and stretches up to retrieve the trousers he’d flung carelessly aside as he’d stripped. From the pocket he produces a vial of the same green-tinted oil they use in the bedroom.
A blissful breeze cooled him and he braced himself on the frame, head hung low between his shoulders, drawing slow breaths to calm himself. It sickened him to know it was very likely that John was even now in the hands of northerners, if he was in fact alive. Sherlock tried not to think of what may be happening to his dear John even now.
Through the haze of wine Sherlock realizes there is something he wanted to say. He reluctantly pulls his mouth away from nibbling on John's ear to look into his face.
He walks swiftly down the aisle to the alter where his brother’s body lay on display. Still, he dares not get too close.
Sherlock is in bed, still fully clothed, when John slips through the door of his apartment. With the evening light that bleeds in through the curtains he can see that Sherlock is stretched out on his side, arm tucked under his head.
“I’ve been wondering,” John began. “When you were listening in on my conversation with Major Sholto you brought it to my attention that he was exaggerating his report to encourage me to send more support out his way.”
Even as his brother’s men attempt to keep hold of him, Sherlock feels the smile break across his face as his eyes spill over.
Now Sherlock often finds himself sitting in the rocking chair by the upstairs window with Rosie curled in his arms, telling her all about the stars as she falls asleep. His encyclopedic rambling which most find irritating, a lullaby to the little girl.
John makes a sort of cooing noise and tugs on the beads to pull Sherlock down into another kiss. It’s different now, slower, sweeter. John wraps his arms securely around Sherlock, and Sherlock in return runs gentle hands over John's face, smoothing the lines from his brow and scratching in the hair behind his ears.
As Moran’s hand pulls away from his mouth, Sherlock's aching chest heaves as he coughs, unable to take in enough air. With an effort that is almost too much, Sherlock turns over onto his side and curls in on himself wrapping his arms protectively over his abdomen.
He flees that room and its inhabitants by slipping into the tunnels through a door behind a tapestry. When the door has closed, and the noise dampened to a dull murmuring, John collapses against the wall. For long minutes he sits there, pressed to the cold stone, struggling to take in enough air.
“We know he’s still in the region and it’s been five days, if no one has heard from Jim Moriarty by the end of the week, she is confident she can get you— us— the annulment.”
“It’s alright,” John breathes against his mouth, they aren’t exactly kissing simply sharing air, “I’m here, let go. I have you.”
“I enjoy talking with you, too,” John says, his voice low and soft. A sadness comes over John’s features, a look Sherlock has seen before. It was as if something painful had just come back to him in full, vivid detail. Sherlock watches as the fond, little smile that had softened John’s face gives way to hardness and steel as his jaw begins to work.
John's face softens when he sees Sherlock, and Sherlock feels very stupid. He had blown through the door with accusations behind his lips, but what he had expected to accomplish? He fought against the irrational urge to insist John refuse that woman and remain with him.
Sherlock wants to tell John how happy he is to see him, and how sorry he is that he left without saying goodbye. He wants to tell this beautiful man how much he loves him, and how happy he was with him and…
Moriarty crowds into Sherlock's space and takes his face firmly in smooth hands. “I’ll see you very soon, my dear.”
A creeping unease settled in Sherlock's gut at the memory. He had been so close to death, closer even than he had realized; or so John had explained once he had recovered. To wake from that limbo of fever and fear to find this beautiful man waiting for him on the other side was a gift Sherlock still could not believe was his.
John kneels beside the still form and places his fingers against the stranger’s neck. His pulse is barely perceptible, only the suggestion of a beat beneath his snowy skin. John slips his hand under the man’s cheek and lifts his face to the light, sweeping the dark, matted fringe out of the way. John’s jaw falls open.
“Sherlock,” John says softly and takes his hands. He places kisses on his tight frown until Sherlock's lips curve into a smile.
By the way, we're looking at possibly 25-26 chapters unless i condense/remove things from the outline.
As his eyes adjust to the low light, Sherlock spies what looks to be a person slumped against one of the front benches, face upturned. He hesitates in the door way, not knowing if he should just barge into the room if someone was already using it.
Sherlock feels his hackles rise as he is enclosed by the cold stone walls. He is aware of the stranger in the white dress following behind him and Anthea, but they are otherwise alone. They trek deeper into the depths of the castle until they come upon a familiar pair of doors.
Sherlock quickly draws back and crosses his knees, ignoring the look of confusion that crosses John’s face. “That’s absurd,” he says with a wave of his hand, “if I opened my heart, I would die.”
He reclined his head back and stared up at the ceiling. Could he do something like that, just pour his heart out in a letter the way romantic idiots did? He supposed there was only one way to find out.
As if summoned by his name Sherlock drifts through the kitchen door on silent feet. It’s a bit freaky the way he does that.
Hello, dear readers. I apologize for the delay in this chapter, I had intended to have it up a few days ago but I just couldn't seem to get the words out. I hope you enjoy it nonetheless.
“His brother would not like for him to arrive at the altar with a swollen lip,” Moran says, his voice rough but unbothered.
Dawn has just barely broken and the room is filled with a soft grey light. Irene offers him a soft smile and slips from his bedchamber, leaving him alone with the woman sent to dress him for his wedding.
Despite Sherlock’s obvious beauty, without the immediate threat of death to stave off, John is forcibly reminded that the man sitting before him is a northerner; the
That beautiful, blistering summer day in the cool waters, wrapped in John's arms. John's lips against his lips, his neck, closed over his nipples. The way John had laid him out on the dock.
It's endlessly tender when their lips finally meet. Sherlock is so tentative and unsure that John thinks his heart may well and truly fall to pieces. For a moment, deep tension creeps into Sherlock’s frame before it melts away with a sigh. John’s arms wrap around the other man’s narrow waist and Sherlock’s fingers card through his hair. Sherlock closes the rest of the distance between their bodies by pressing himself to John, who can feel every angle and plain of him like this.
There is a heat pooling in him such as he has never felt before, a yearning for this stranger who’s elegant hand he still cradles in his own. John can feel the ghost of Sherlock’s full lips on his, and it takes every last ounce of will he has not to take him then and there. But he fears that any rough handling may break this angel’s delicate frame. God, how he wants.
A guard comes in then, apologizing for letting her through without informing the king. John just waves him off with a smile.
Time slows for just a moment as John processes what he’s just heard. That whispered word sinks into him and settles itself in his chest, warming and fortifying John to reach up and take Sherlock’s mouth again.
“Sherlock,” John sighs, pain welling in his chest despite the little smile tugging at his lips, “how can you think so?”
He all but crashes through the glass doors and out into the garden, pulling in the cool night air as though he’d been drowning. The yard is mercifully empty. He knew there would be guardsmen watching from the windows, but for now, John revels in the solitude.
“Go on, love,” she coaxes, “I had my share of experiences before a was married, I won’t faint, I promise.”
For long minutes, Sherlock attends to the instrument in his hands, and John is perfectly content to watch the graceful lines of his body in the moonlight. It’s just as he is beginning to imagine pulling the silk dressing gown from the prince’s lightly muscled shoulders that Sherlock breathes, “Ah, there we are.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, his features lifting, “music is one of the keenest pleasures I have ever known.”
But his heart, which he had assumed until recently was hard as stone, ached at the idea of just leaving without first knowing what had become of the man he loves.
Sherlock had nearly lost his life in trying to remove the influence of his reckless days form his existence. Not always simply because the withdrawal had torn him to pieces in every way, but because Mycroft had beaten him to within an inch of his sorry life after a particularly trying night.
Sherlock would have expected derision or scorn from John, but the smaller man only gives him a weak smile, “Not overly involved in the affairs of your brother’s kingdom, then?”
Unfortunately, without John there to anchor him, Sherlock's mind— rebellious even in sleep— wanders to places he does his best not to visit in his waking hours.
He shuts his eyes and wills his body to cease its trembling. He had to remain rational, he could not allow his heart to run away with his senses.  When he speaks again his voice is clearer.
The woman sitting beside him sighs irritably, “What my lord Stamford means to say is that we would like, once again, to express our concerns about your majesty's decision to allow Prince Sherlock to take shelter in the south; in your house, no less.”
“Get home, get some rest. I’ll phone later if we find anything. Are you going to bring John up to speed on things now or what?”
Something distinctly unpleasant settles in John’s stomach, “Oh, yes,” he stammers, “yes, I spoke with him.”
He steps up to the altar and comes face to face with Moriarty, who’s small face is twisted in a sickening self-satisfied grin.
A stray sound catches his ear, a voice— multiple voices. Each only barely distinguishable from the other as they float through the narrow passages. Curious, and eager for any distraction from the buzzing in his brain, he veers of the path back to his rooms in search of the voices.
With effort, Sherlock gets to his feet and pads barefoot into the washroom. He cups his hands in the basin and splashes cold water in his face, bracing himself on the wash stand. Behind him looms the figure of a suit form baring his wedding attire, he glowers at it in the mirror as if he could frighten it away.
Next time: Will Sherlock survive and have a happy ending with John, or is this how their story ends?
Pillars of lamp light from the garden cut across the floor of Sherlock's room. He had extinguished the candles when the glare of the flames had begun to hurt his eyes. He lay the wrong way on his bed so that he could catch a glimpse of the sky through the window. Ambient light blocked the stars from view but he could just see the half-moon emerging from behind a voluminous cloud.
“I really don’t want to do this with you right now,” he says slowly, making sure his friend hears every syllable.
“No. Or rather, not very often. She simply ignored me. She went far out of her way to pretend as though I did not exist. Whenever she would avert her eyes from me I longed to be struck. Kicked, shoved, shouted at, anything.”
“Your majesty, I am so very sorry,” Irene’s voice speaks up small and defeated from somewhere near the door, he hadn’t realized she was still in the room.
He can so vividly recall the feeling of John buried deep inside him, John's breath on his skin. He can almost hear the sweet thing’s John would whisper to him.
had been the most wonderful thing to happen to him in… as long as he could remember. What few frightening moments he could recall of wandering the southern countryside on his own seemed worth a thousand more just like them to have spent this one happy month here in the manor. He tries not to dwell on it because any thought of how content he felt now was ultimately spoiled by the reality that he would not be able to stay forever. Still, he thinks, a few happy days were better than none at all.
Its faint but a shock of intense, keening fear races up Sherlock's arm and spears through his mind. He jerks his hand back.
Next time, John learns what is holding Sherlock back. And then they share in a sweetness Sherlock hadn't known was possible.
“Did this not feel willing to you?” Sherlock means for the question to sound aloof and confident, but his voice betrays him and his words come out sounding small and ragged with breathlessness. “Or do you simply assume that I do not know my own desires?”
She strokes his hair and smiles, “I think you understand well what I mean. When I arrived here I was told stories of a wayward prince too selfish for his own good. And perhaps you were selfish, once. But the man I see before me now is willing to do whatever it takes to protect what he loves. You’ve become a true prince at last, Sherlock. It simply took a true king to show you how.”
Of course not, Sherlock has to remind himself, John would never do that, he wasn’t like Mycroft, or father, or…
There is very little preamble. The justice drones on for only a brief time about the sanctity of marriage and how it is not to entered into lightly before he is asking Moriarty if he will take Sherlock to be his wedded husband.
“My brother made certain to align himself with our father at as early an age as possible. He did everything he could to remain in his good graces, that included thrashing me on his behalf. He must have learned to enjoy it, I think, because soon he would seek me out wherever I was. That’s how I became so adept at scaling the jagged terrain around our ancestral home— running for my life.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but crack a smile at the playfulness in her voice and he made himself sit up to look at her.
When he surfaces he sees John through unfocused eyes staring down at him with such profound affection that Sherlock is sure his heart would stop if it weren’t pounding like a drum.
Sherlock stood on the stoop of the old scullery fanning himself with his shirt. The sun beat down on him, scorching his skin. John had asked him to meet him around the back of the manor where they would not be seen, and Sherlock had been waiting for a long time. It had been so long since he’d seen the sun that it felt all the more blistering on his skin.
It occurs to Sherlock as they begin their trek, that this is exactly how they’d sat on the morning John had found him in the woods. Sherlock leaning against John, barely alive, clinging to the sound of his voice to remain conscious.
As John steps onto the landing he is greeted by the sight of Sherlock standing in front of the couch contemplating the wall which is covered in all manner of photos and photo copies, arranged so haphazardly that John hasn’t been able to make out whatever system Sherlock has apparently employed.
“Come, James, there’s no need for that. Not between us,” John’s face is as open and friendly as it can be while playing this part; Sherlock should know.
Every last inch of his battered body protests with what little strength it has left, screaming at him to lie down and give in. How long has it been? He can no longer remember. He pushes himself onto his right forearm and slides a knee up to brace the lower half of his body. His chest is burning with the effort to keep breathing; his entire body is burning. The more he moves, the faster the world spins around him. He has to stand up, he needs to get to the water, he needs…
“Nothing makes sense and the entire world could go to hell tomorrow, but the one thing I am certain of is that I adore you— and I want you by my side until the end of my days.”
Guided by Irene, John hoisted Sherlock's limp body onto his back and delivered out of the darkened stairwell and into his bed.
“Your Majesty,” Sherlock’s voice reaches him through the haze, nervous and a little unsure, “I apologize for intruding—”
“Cabinet meeting?” John replies innocently. He can’t stop the corner of his mouth from twitching up.
“I’m sorry,” John says as he looks up, only to have his voice die in his throat as his eyes meet Sherlock’s. They are within mere inches of each other, so close that John can smell perfumed soap on Sherlock’s skin. The moonlight filtering in through the sheer curtains seems to soften the prince’s sharp face, and it makes his cat’s eyes glitter. A thing of beauty.
“I was told this manor was sieged. That my brother’s soldiers…” Sherlock’s throat clenched with nausea as the reality set in. His own brother had ordered the deaths of the family who’s only surviving member had, only a minute since, held Sherlock in his arms. A family that, by John’s own account, had been happy and whole, and good to their own.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft’s voice carries a warning that sends chills down Sherlock's spine. His fingers hold tight to John's shoulders. John should not have come here, if Mycroft should capture him now he will show no mercy.
The branches of the apple trees hang low so that Sherlock has to walk bent over to avoid snagging his curls in the leaves which form a thick canopy, blocking out the sun. The paths between the trees are narrow and only grow colder and quieter the deeper they travel into the orchard.
Sherlock is going to respond, defend himself against the suggestion that he would ever betray John to his brother by exposing one of his spies, but Mary carries right on talking to John as though Sherlock isn’t even there.
“Five or six individuals at least, some of their scents I recognize, others I don’t. We typically need to feed twice a month, so by the time they’ve fed the last in the group, they have to start over again. But there are other ways of obtaining blood.”
“He’s your best friend, you’re Rosie’s godfather, he has to know eventually. How will you explain it when he’s gone all wrinkly and you’ve barely aged a day?”
“Somethings wrong,” John nearly shouts, hands scrabbling over Sherlock who can no longer feel his extremities, “he can’t stand.”
John fists his hands in the sheets and bites down hard on his lip as a familiar hopelessness settles behind his breast plate.
“Yes, they have. But you are still king, and a king must have an heir. It would go a long way towards ensuring the south’s stability if that heir were legitimate, so you’ll need to marry.”
“That cannot matter to you now,” Greg says firmly. “But for what it’s worth, I think you’re wrong. He will understand.”
He leans back and presses his face into the blanket draped over the back of the chair. It smells deliciously of John. He knows it’s irrational to avoid the possibility of John being dead. He knows in his overly-logical mind that the smarter thing to do would be to plan his escape from this place and what he will do once he’s accomplished that.
The sun had just begun to emerge over the distant treetops and Sherlock stretches languidly against John who sighs as he stirs.
Greg is suddenly bending low over John's shoulder where he kneels beside Sherlock. He hears a match strike before light flares in his eyes. He tries to protest but all that comes out of his throat is a pathetic whine.
I never expected this story to have more than maybe one or two explicit sex scenes because i have basically no experience writing them. This was the first time doing it with any kind of seriousness... anyway.
Sherlock silences him with a kiss and pops a berry into his mouth, wincing slightly as the sour juice bursts over his tongue.
John gets a bit lost in the cat for a moment, mesmerized by its purring before noticing that something— or rather, someone— was missing.
John gestures that the visitor should be allowed to enter, and Sherlock notices that the king’s frame has stiffened.
“You know how mother felt about religion,” he says this last word as though it left a sour taste in his mouth. “She would be ashamed.”
Her words pique his interest. He would not be remaining here long term, this was useful information.
John presses Sherlock down in to the mattress and plants a kiss on his lips. Sherlock, trying his best to focus through the haze of arousal, pulls at John's still buttoned shirt.
John did not see Sherlock again for five days. He had stood in that tunnel utterly dumbstruck, watching him flee. The familiar pain of rejection bit at his lungs, and he’d had to force himself not to chase after the prince. Through the haze of hurt and embarrassment, the sound part of John’s mind explained to him that if Sherlock had retreated after responding the way he had to John’s touch, something must have been wrong— and chasing after him would not be welcome.
Now, as the sun begins to set on the third day of his travels back through his homeland the crags and outcroppings that rise up around him are becoming more familiar; the cliffs where he played as a child.
Sparks flash along Sherlock’s nerves and he moans wantonly as John’s tongue finds a particularly sensitive place beneath his jaw. Sherlock feels John’s laugh vibrate through his skin. He clutches at him, fingers digging into John’s back. John’s fingers twist into Sherlock’s shirt and begin pulling it free of the waistband of his trousers. Goose flesh breaks out across his skin as the cool air of the tunnel brushes against his middle.
The next instant there are hands on him, pulling him off the horse and away from the warmth of the man. Pains of every kind pulse through him at the abrupt movement and less-then-gentle handling. A groan escapes him.
There had to be something he could do. He retreats into the halls of his mind, combing through possible plans of action.
John would have stepped on it if not for the moonlight gleaming off its sleek black fur. The cat looks up as he approaches and the ambient light flashes in its slanted blue eyes.
Under any other circumstances Sherlock would have simply leapt from the window and climbed down the side of the tower, but he would not take the risk. For the past six days he had gone over and over his brother’s words in his head, and he now desperately clings to the hope that if he does as he is told and marries to secure the Moriarty fortune for his brother, he may be able to convince Mycroft to forego his plans to destroy the southern kingdom.
John can’t blame them. He’d stumbled upon one just before the winter solstice. A young man of no more than twenty years, most likely. The south has long since done away with the practice of execution, so the boy would only have faced a hefty fine— unlike in the days of King David when being caught hunting on the manor grounds would have meant the noose. But John had let the boy go without ever acknowledging he’d been there at all. How could he punish a person for doing what was necessary to survive in a realm it was his duty to provide for? If the southern population must resort to poaching, that blame rests squarely with him, to hell with whatever Greg had to say about it.
Sherlock is aware that he should be speaking, but he is so astounded that it takes a moment to find his voice. Tentatively, he begins.
He is so unashamed and at ease that Sherlock feels a little of his own self-consciousness melt away. Pulling in a fortifying breath, Sherlock steps out of his trousers and drops his sweat-damp shirt onto the grass. He has never been naked out of doors before, it’s both horrifying in how exposed it makes him feel and oddly freeing. At least he is safe from prying eyes.
He begins to move away only to back into a chair, and he is just barely able to contain the squeak that rises in his throat.
“Then why—?” Sherlock’s words drop off, and an indefinable pain crosses his features, “Oh, I see…” he mutters.
This kind of reaction is not uncommon in those who have suffered at the hands of others. i feel so bad for our lovely Sherlock!
He reaches over to pull open the little drawer in the bedside table to produce the little pot of oil he stashed there.
“Oh,” he sighs, “I cannot wait until you’re my husband, Sherlock. Then I will be free to do as I please with you.”
This does not surprise John; they were among his mother’s most treasured possessions, after all. He must remember to thank Mrs. Hudson.
By the time he’s drained half of the cup a fog has settled in his brain making the world go a bit fuzzy all round him. Dimly he hears the familiar chiming of his phone and it takes him a moment to realize he is hearing the sound because his phone is ringing and he should probably answer it.
Sherlock seems to consider this for a moment, his face unreadable and a little withdrawn. John feels his pulse begin to race. It worries him to see Sherlock drawing away after only a few moments in bed together.
In that moment it was as though everything around him had been sapped of its color and he imagined he could feel his heart die just a little. He had spent the remainder of that day curled up in the bed that had been Sherlock's, pretending he could still feel his warmth.
John laughs, “But you did not observe.” He then grows serious, finger tightening on Sherlock’s waist. “If you have changed your mind I will respect that, but I
“How can I contact whoever is leading the search for John and his men?” he said in a rush, not even stopping to catch his breath.
“That’s it, then. Likely he wanted to draw your attention, encourage you to direct resources in that direction,” Sherlock says as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
Neither of them makes mention what is likely to happen to Sherlock upon arriving in the north. How it is likely it is that he will be torn apart for any information he may have on John and the south, then be put to death for treason. So really, making this promise would be pointless.
Sherlock pauses his writing and bites his lip. Feeling warmth spread across his face, he decides to be honest.
Sherlock does not have a chance to enjoy the relief he feels before a well-polished boot comes down hard on his abdomen and he cries out. A broad hand clamps over his mouth as Moriarty’s the toe of Moriarty’s boot connects with is ribs again and again.
“Yes,” John affirms, “would you not prefer to be at home with your family, rather than in a strange land?”
“Yeah, I was content with just talking but she came into my office as I was getting ready to leave tonight and…” he clears his throat and crosses his arms.
He is hesitant to step back into the chapel. He stalls at the doors which are guarded by two knights in their mourning attire. He feels John's broad hand at the small of his back. He doesn’t say anything, just pushes the door open and guides them through.
They call out for each other as Sherlock races through the tunnels. John's voice grows louder and louder, and all Sherlock wants is to be near to his John again, all the rest can wait.
“A shortcut. I know, it was reckless. We were moving through a heavily wooded part of the road when they were suddenly on top of us. There are high ridges on either side of the road, intended to protect travelers from being set upon. It’s no help if your assailants forego carriages and horses in favor of lurking behind the tree line.”
He does not sleep. But drifts on the edge of wakefulness where dreamy memories of tenderness float behind his eyes.
He wordlessly hands the warrant back to Greg and as he does a folded paper slips out and onto the floor. He plucks the page from where its fallen on his boot and peels it open, waving Greg to go.
He traces John's jaw with tentative fingers. They cannot seem to look at each other without giggling like fools. Finally, Sherlock bites down on the absurd grin threatening to break free and looks deep into John's ocean eyes. He is utterly and completely at peace.
I am glad i got this up on the actual solstice. Sure the season where i'm at is winter now (or as winter as southern Florida ever is) and they're in the autumn, but still.
So lost is he in the pulsing aftershocks that he doesn’t at first realize that John is still stroking himself.
Sherlock receives a reply two agonizingly dull days later in the form of an unassuming envelope slipped under his door. The letter is addressed anonymously to
John carries a sadness, Sherlock can see it as clearly as he feels his own. Sitting in the library, Sherlock wants to comfort John, to make the sadness go away. Then Greg tell us about John's past.
Greg—it was Greg, wasn’t it?— cleared his throat and said, “Suppose it’s best if as few folks as possible know he’s here.”
It was Sherlock's desire to be unobtrusive that had driven him out of his apartment three nights prior while a mousy girl with long hair— Mary? Millicent? Molly?— tidied his still very orderly rooms. As he’d been reaching for the door, he’d spied what looked to be a dislodged wall panel at the far end of the entry; thus, he’d stumbled upon the old servant’s tunnels. The passages were rarely used, a conclusion supported by the many layers of cob webs draped from the low ceilings and the thick coating of dust on the cracked floors. The tunnels were narrow and dark throughout, but so long as Sherlock remembered to stay low and keep a hand on the wall for balance, they proved to be very useful for roaming the manor after dark.
John waits less than a second after knocking to let himself into Mrs. Hudson’s flat. The sound of running water and the sweet smell of baking greet him as he crosses the threshold.
Sherlock knew his face betrayed his confusion. “Isn’t Lord Moriarty’s influence enough, what the hell do you want with the entire eastern territory?”
Another cheer goes up as Molly’s voice at the front of the pack cries, “Welcome home, your majesty.”
Two guards meet him in the hall outside his door. They follow close behind him as he picks his way along the still dim corridors.
But the last time he’d consented to something that had initially put him off John had made it wonderful, and if this was even half as incredible as that night had been…
John breathes a laugh. “People desire all manner of things in the moment. I don’t mean to infantilize you, Sherlock, of course you know what you desire. I only want you think on it a bit longer.”
Bit of a short one this time, but the next one promises to be a little longer as we we'll be learning about John's past.
He curled in on himself. He wished dearly that he had not held back in that final letter. He wished he’d have written down everything he’d been too afraid to express in the moment. Then, if John were truly gone from him, perhaps he might have received the letter first and had a chance to know all that Sherlock now accepted was in his heart. Rather than some vague and selfish line about cinders and longing.
“That is where I found you,” John offers by way of explanation and Sherlock feels John's fingers tighten around his waist.
The Major nods as if conceding and take the seat John offers. He wastes no time, “My lord, I bring unhappy news from the east counties.”
It’s then that the voices begin again and Sherlock’s attention is drawn to a intricately carved table in the center of the room, at which three people are seated. John, and two others Sherlock doesn't recognize.
Sherlock sits at his desk, head pillowed on his folded arms. His head feels as though it is filled with mud. Mycroft had forbidden him to leave his apartment until his wedding day, leaving him with little in the way of distraction.
“Whether they were taken or they fled from whomever attacked them, they can’t have gotten far. The search party will check homes and farms along the main road, and then branch out onto backroads and into the forests; and by then it may already be too late. If they’re alive and being held it will be somewhere far from the roads and out of sight of passersby.” Words poured from him, his mind racing.
“The thing is, she and I were close once. Before the war broke out I thought she was as enthusiastic about our engagement as I was. I’d seen a lot of my friends married off to people they didn’t care for or who were monstrous to them, but Mary and I were friends, and I was comforted by the idea that I’d get to spend my life with someone who I at least go on with. But we were both so young at the time.
Coming up, John has his suspicions about Sherlock's past when he is witness to an obvious sign of trauma. And both of our boys have to summon their courage, Sherlock to finally talk about his life, and John to tell Sherlock how he feels.
A firm hand finds his wrist and gives a light squeeze, “I’ve got you,” the man murmurs, “we’re nearly there.”
When they are gone John breaths a great sigh of relief. He dips his head to speak closer to Sherlock’s ear, “You’re going to be alright,” he murmurs, “Hold on for me, can you do that?”
The door leads to a small lobby divided by a service desk. The recessed florescent lights flicker off bright yellow walls and burn his eyes, illuminating a man in a tattered work shirt behind the desk, feet kicked up on the counter. He shoots out of his chair upon seeing Sherlock.
Suddenly, the music stops and the figure’s head jerks up to fix startled, silvery eyes on John, still standing helplessly in the doorway.
He looks up to see Greg sitting across from him, a mixture of concern and annoyance on his face. John had forgotten he was there, “Sorry, what did you say?”
“A little gift for you,” Jim coos, leaning over Sherlock and brushing soft fingers over his twitching lips. “Perhaps I’ll bring more when next I visit.”
Instinctively, he makes to crawl away but is quickly pulled back and pinned by thighs bracketing his waist, arms held above his head.
It’s been some time since they last talked like this, just the two of them alone, sheltered in the privacy of their home where they could be honest with each other.
“The second company arrived this afternoon and the captain brought with him something that requires your attention.”
his voice is full of barely suppressed malice. “It would seem they made off with more than their share.”
“I have very seriously considered it, Sherlock. But on balance, you’re of more use to me alive. In one week you will marry Jim Moriarty and secure me his father’s resources. I will then take the eastern territories.”
“Are you certain it’s worth the risk, your majesty?” she asks. Sherlock did not miss the use of the honorific.
Greg had come to him that morning and insisted that John send the foreigner on his way sooner rather than later. That is how John finds himself standing outside the door of the apartment Sherlock now occupies.
Without another word or a glance back at John, Sherlock sweeps out of the room with what little grace he can muster, and disappears back into the safety of the servant’s tunnels.
Sherlock, for the first time, seems to become aware of John’s presence with him. He makes a valiant effort lift his head and focus his icy eyes, but the exertion proves too much, and he drops into unconsciousness.
Sherlock had to draw in a long, steadying breath which shudders on the way out. “I could never rationalize that, and now I am absolutely certain it’s not true.” John’s open, kind face smiles at Sherlock from behind his eyelids.
“I’m sorry for making you wait, I had difficulty convincing my guards to allow me to ride out unaccompanied.”
It’s getting late, nearing one in the morning. Sherlock huffs an annoyed little sigh and places his mug down, John gives him a quizzical look from the other side of the table.
When Greg had called Sherlock for help, neither of them had thought to let John know. Sherlock had claimed it was because this would be an easy one and that he only agreed to help because he had nothing else on. That didn’t mean it didn’t sting to be forgotten like that.
There was something so wonderfully soft about Sherlock, John thought, a kind of innocence he assumed not many people were permitted to see where it was hidden behind his façade of superiority. Which, in itself, must have been a learned behavior, and John wondered what Sherlock would be like if he had not been trained up to lock away everything that made him who he was. Melancholy and a sweet sort of warmth wared in John at the thought of Sherlock’s austere face never having been closed off the way it so often was; even when they were alone. What would he be like if he had always been able to be like who he was?
On the eighth night of this new ritual, Sherlock lay reclined on the sofa in John’s chambers, eyes tracing the carvings in the marble mantel piece without really seeing them. Either the lack of stimulation had finally softened his mind to the point where boredom no longer bothered him, or he was experiencing something like true contentedness for the first time in his life. That was how he had explained his unexpected peace of mind to John, who was now watching the pale prince from the other end of the sofa.
“No,” he murmurs, “even in my more reckless stages of life I was kept virgin for…” he trailed off, “political reasons.”
“The doctor’s already been today,” she tells him as she leads him to an adjoining room, "our visitor is much recovered."
Sherlock sits beside John and leans against him. they sit in silence for a time and drink from the same cup. Before long they are sprawled out on the carpet exploring each other with gentle hands and lazy kisses. Neither seems to feel the need to do more than just be with his love.
Sherlock tentatively crossed the threshold into the library. The setting sun casts pools of pale light on the plush carpets and climbs in pillars up the shelves of volumes lining the walls. The library is smaller than Sherlock had anticipated. He’d expected to find a space similar to his brother’s library; twisting labyrinths of cases and velvet furnishings. Rather, the room he enters is small by comparison, and the heavy scent of burning oak wafts from the hearth.
“Yes. Our ancestral home is an ancient castle in the mountains. It appears more like a fortress than a castle, really. I’ve spent most of my life there.” Something one of his old tutors once said comes back to him then, that he had grown up to be very like the mountains he lived amongst; cold and jagged. He has always felt that was accurate.
“When must I leave?” Sherlock asks. He tries to steady his voice, but his words waver and crack anyway.
Sherlock fights his snappish ways in order to be nice to John's staff, probably in hopes it will convince the king to let him stay in the south. And John makes a decision that could put his entire kingdom at risk. Is Sherlock Holmes worth it?
“I always told father you were weak,” he says conversationally, “and you have proven me right at every opportunity.”
It took Sherlock a considerable effort to hand the letter over to Mrs. Hudson to be dispatched, and he is pretty sure he was blushing furiously as he did so, unable to meet her eyes.
The night of the banquet, John could hardly draw breath. He stood before his long mirror and adjusted the collar, the fine silk slipping along the pads of his fingers. They had held their summit that morning. John couldn’t bear to think of all he’d been told. Life in his realm was only growing darker every day, and he no longer had anything to offer those who looked to him. He felt helpless.
She entered without a curtsey and didn’t seem to be able to look at him. He saw that her eyes were swollen. Sherlock's chest tightened and he did not speak. Though dozens of questions caught in his throat at her obvious distress, he dared not ask them.
They walk along one of the paths that branches off from the garden and soon find themselves at the orchard. Sherlock does not ask where exactly they are headed, he simply allows himself to be lead.
Sherlock's breathing has gone rapid and shallow. He strides back and forth across the room for long minutes before John finally stands and steps into his path, halting his progress. He feels a sickening stab of pain in his gut when he sees the tears in Sherlock's eyes.
“Yes,” Sherlock sighs, “I see. My brother.” His eyes finally drift from John to fix on a place in the middle distance.
“Nothing in particular,” John shrugs, and Sherlock can tell instantly that he is lying— his pulse begins to race. “I’ll be away from the manor for most of the day, but will you meet with me this evening?”
Unable to find an excuse, and not having another seating option— as the nearby arm chair was laden with books— Sherlock takes his place beside John, tucking himself into the corner of the little sofa. John can clearly tell what Sherlock is doing, keeping distance between them, and the softness in his expression suggests he finds it charming.
Sherlock feels fingers in his hair and a thumb running over his cheek. The touch gives him something to focus on, something that doesn’t hurt, and centers his hazy awareness to focus entirely on the man beside him. He notices that they are alone now, and the room is quiet.
Sheets have been strung from every tree, enclosing the space within. The grassy path has been covered in a thick layer of blankets, some of which Sherlock recognizes from John's rooms.
John resolved to leave Sherlock be for the rest of the day, to give them both time to calm themselves. But when he knocked on Sherlock’s chamber door the following morning, he’d been met with silence.
He kicks hard, trying to free himself. One of his hands slides loose and  he twists as far as he can to sinks his blunt nails into Moriarty’s cheek. Pain flares from a deep gash where a piece of the shattered decanter is sunk deep in his forearm, blood and wine soaking his shirt and dripping into his eyes.
“Sherlock, please,” John says, trying to catch his eye. “You don’t have to hide it, or feel ashamed in any way. I recognize trauma when I see it, you can talk to me.”
John does not move from Sherlock's side as morning turns to day and day to twilight. He waits with him like he did the day he found this rare and otherworldly man in his forest.
After five mind-numbing months in exile, whiling away his days lost in his own mind, Sherlock received notice in the form of a carrier bird, that his fiancé had departed from court that morning on his way to pay his husband-to-be a
“A few weeks ago my clinic hired a new nurse, Liz. She’s nice, perfectly charming at her interview, and we’ve been talking for a while.”
. “My parent’s caravan was ambushed by a band of mercenaries who when questioned, apparently confessed to having been contracted by John’s father.”
There is something playful in John's face that makes Sherlock's stomach flip with anticipation as he steps to the wardrobe. John remains very near to Sherlock as he dresses, placing little kisses here and there and distracting him very thoroughly in the middle of pulling on his shirt. When at last he is sufficiently clothed, John grabs his hand and tows him from the apartment.
Disappointed John says, “Mrs. Hudson isn’t here to let you in? She really ought to leave her back door open for you.”
John pulls back to look into Sherlock’s pale eyes, heart leaping. “You’re sure?” he asks quietly, almost afraid to hear the answer.
He could simply borrow a horse from the stables and ride out to find John himself. No, he didn't know the south and though it may feel worth the risk to find John, rationally he knows it isn’t wise to chance getting lost himself or discovered.
. The box is simple, elegantly cut but rough and unfinished, a dependable object if not very fashionable. Sherlock's own letter set at home is kept in a box made of fine northern wood with a deep scarlet finish, he finds he prefers this one.
Heavy footsteps are heard before a tall man steps over the threshold, and Sherlock’s mind goes immediately to work cataloging everything it can. There’s quite a bit to see, not as much or as interesting as the king, but enough to keep the his interest.
Sherlock has never felt so giddy, and he isn’t sure whose hands are shaking harder. He can feel John's pulse thrumming beneath his fingertips.
John gives a nod and plucks up the letter from where Greg had placed it on his desk. He does not see the way Greg’s face falls as he exits the room.
“I, William Sherlock Scot Holmes, take you John Hamish Watson to be my husband, my partner, my love. I vow to love and keep you all the days of my life. And to cherish you, and tell you each and every day how happy I am to have found you.”
He quickly mops the tears from his eyes so he can more clearly see Sherlock's face in the dim light.
John is aware that he is staring and does his utmost to gather himself. He clears his throat, “I, um…”
The guards that accompanied Sherlock to the chapel doors wordlessly place him beside his husband-to-be as they form up for their procession down the aisle. Moriarty places Sherlock's right hand in the crook of his elbow, and Sherlock pretends his skin doesn’t crawl.
Darkness closes in around the edges of Sherlock's vision, despair twisting his stomach. When he wakes he deliberately forgets what happened. Even as the effects of whatever James Moriarty had given him sets his already ravaged body on fire, he wills himself to forget. Moriarty is his last hope of escaping this horrible place, and he will hold onto that hope, even if it kills him.
The black cat is sitting on its haunches on the coffee table, patiently allowing Rosie to swat at its head in an awkward attempt at petting. Its rumbly purr fills the still air of the lounge.
“Friends,” he begins, “we are gathered here on this most glorious morning to bear witness to the wedding of prince Sherlock, my dear brother, to James Moriarty.” His voice is falsely cheerful as it rings off the high grey walls of the chapel.
“I don’t work for Jim; I work for his father. And I am not myself a lord’s daughter, but I’m married to one. My wife, Kate, is from the north. A few years ago she became the head of her family after her mother passed; a worthless title, her family’s fortune was obliterated in the war.
Sherlock’s bony fingers dig into John’s arm as he holds on to him, the last shreds of his self-possession the only thing keeping the sobs at bay. John fights not to make more promises. He wars with himself not to swear there and then to Sherlock that he would move heaven and earth to keep him always near. Because Sherlock is right, there will come a day when John will have no choice but to let him go.
Sherlock gives a resolute shake of his curly head and mutters, “You must do what is best for your people. I will love you regardless.”
Sherlock goes very still as his eyes focus intently on John’s face. John nods his consent, and crystalline irises begin rapidly flitting over his body. Seconds pass and whatever Sherlock is seeing is clearly surprising him. His brows flick as if he is having a conversation with himself and he barely draws his breath.
