Okay, if I had even the slightest sliver of doubt that ‘Sherlock’ was telling us a gay love story, that doubt would be squashed now.
If you think about it, the ‘baby’ metaphor was first introduced to us in s1. In ASiP, Jennifer Wilson is unhappily married and has been for quite some time. And what is that still-born daughter if not a metaphor for a relationship that has gone wrong before it even started, a relationship that she couldn’t really keep out of her heart anyway...
This is about coming to Jesus ‘with one eye’ (meaning: being sincere, clear-eyed and having no second thoughts or second agenda, literally: ‘no second eye’). Since Jesus is Sherlock in our Sherlock!universe, this is essentially all about coming home to Sherlock.
Also, what’s the phone booth doing there? Well, not only is this visual matter of the heart (a decision that John has to make for his future potential relationship) staged
I’m sure lots of metas have already been written about how the Half-Faced Man in ‘Deep Breath’ is an obvious Sherlock!mirror, what with his eye thing and the fact that he will take a literal fall a few moments later. (Also...Big Ben!)
Why does Sherlock seem to visually step out of a Mondrian painting when he enters the restaurant’s dining hall?
and others, but there’s just SO MUCH BRILLIANCE in this fandom that it’s perfectly possible I missed someone writing about this painting earlier...)
It’s not that I disagree with this reading. Not at all. It’s just that I think the ‘baby’ metaphor does a bit more than just that. And it’s actually quite cool:
John’s heterosexual side (as represented by Alex Garrideb’s attempts at grooming himself into something he isn’t) uses a FAKE tan! That tan is not what you get when a real ‘sun’ touches your skin. That tan comes canned in a cold tin or tube or whatever. It’s fake. It’s not real.
We know that mirroring on this show doesn’t always work in the Exactly-one-supporting-character-B-mirrors-exactly-one-main-protagonist-A type of way. It’s not necessarily one mirror for one character.
And don’t even get me started on how that Chinese lion looks a bit grumpy and drawn in on himself as it stares longingly at that doll behind the glass pane.:) And in the same screenshot, John is standing there with his hands crossed in front of himself in that trademark-grumpy-John-style. It’s just too adorable how much the two of them resemble each other.
is the sculpture standing there between Sherlock and John in the foreground (!) of this shot – a sculpture that is an enormously important part of gay culture. I mean, yeah, tooootally a coincidence that it just happened to stand there; it obviously just took a stroll out of the Vatican Museums and walked right into a ‘Sherlock’ scene. Yeah. Where the camera man just tripped over himself and happened to film that scene from that angle. Yep.
The first scene I’m going to mention is the tarmac scene in HLV. Not because I’m a masochist – simply because it has a pretty straightforward, easy-to-understand use of the ‘baby’ metaphor:
And, at the wedding, it was Sherlock who only understood what had happened to him when it was already too late (‘delayed action stabbing’ that he couldn’t solve before John’s wedding).
They cut the head off of a beautiful Canova statue and turned it into a bust, which they put in Magnussen’s ‘Mind Palace’ in s3 (as I pointed out
In s4, people will try to wake Sherlock up. (As has been said before, this is probably what John beating Sherlock up in TLD and screaming, “Wake up!” is all about.) People will literally try to get a reaction out of his unconscious body.
(Remember that Sherlock himself is technically a skull: Billy, the skull in his flat. So, the show has already hinted at this.)
This chapter was originally a comment below another meta. It was posted on my blog (sagestreet) on: 10 October 2017
Apparently, this was filmed in this way to make sure that this ‘baby’ of John’s here could mean EITHER a relationship with Mary OR one with Sherlock.
Tagging a few people (just in case you need verbal ammunition against anyone accusing EMPers of being untrue to the ACD!canon;)):
This is also not the first time the show has used an Antinous sculpture. A statue of Antinous, the male (!) lover of the Emperor Hadrian, was used in ‘The Blind Banker’ (TBB) where it stood proudly between Sherlock and John:
And we all know that Bosch’s paintings are basically dream(!)scapes. They are nightmares. They are nightmarish visions of hell and demons and God only knows what. They were the horror (!) stories of their time. His paintings are pretty much what s4 is like, aren’t they?
So, which one is the ‘murderer’, then? Which aspect of John was it, in Sherlock’s opinion, that made Sherlock fall in love?
As you know, we talk about paintings (and art in general) on this blog. (We also talk about sex quite a bit, but hopefully in not-too-crude terms for your liking.)
And Mycroft (=the author) smiles with the enthusiasm of somebody who’s licking the underside of their own shoe sole and says, “Looks very...fully functioning.”
Not only do John and Mary talk about the ‘baby’ having a 666 on her forehead, no, the ‘baby’ has a mother who’s called Rosamund Mary, which technically means that this ‘baby’ is ‘Rosemary’s baby’, as a lot of people have pointed out already.
This way the leg had the same colour as Mark Antony’s coat and looked as if it were just a piece of the red fabric said coat is made of. The leg visually disappeared into the fabric.
There’s actually a third plant in that room (encircled in yellow). (Of course, there is! This is five minutes into the show; it’s all exposition. They have to introduce Sherlock, too.)
You know...body=transport...public=public...in case your were wondering why John is riding a bus in that scene: It’s because John’s body is out in public. It’s all about public transport.:) Nice pun, Gatiss.
Do you need any more evidence how much John and Mary’s marriage sucks? Because there’s loads more. (Really, don’t ever pay attention to what Mofftiss are saying in interviews about John and Mary being in love. Actually, don’t listen to those interviews at all. They wrote THIS show. They wrote this shit. They know exactly what they’re doing.)
Granted, this could just as well be about John. But I have an inkling that the victim (Evans) is supposed to be Sherlock.
Now, before you start crying...tuck your tissues away for a moment. Because obviously that is not going to be the final verdict. (Fictional heroes always have to overcome obstacles, right?) John and Sherlock
We have two characters and their respective mirrors positioned (at an angle) in front of one another, ergo, both characters and their respective mirrors share certain traits.
[I should probably also add that this is pure speculation on my part. I don't know if this is what the owl means, but this little birdie certainly looks suspicious.]
Granted John will still (sometimes) have to pick up after Sherlock’s messes and be confronted with something smelly because that’s who Sherlock is.:D (They’re not suddenly different people, after all.)
The camera doesn’t lovingly pan over it in the same way it does with the one on the left, though, so I’m assuming we’re apparently not meant to pay as much attention to it, anyway.
And in that all-smiles-at-the-secret-message shot, Clara’s head is overlaying the sculpture. She has practically merged and become one with the head of the ‘Apollo Belvedere’.
The ‘Apollo Belvedere’ bust and the magnifying glass alone made me almost hyperventilate from a ‘Sherlock’ subtext overload.
But they will eventually enter into that happy relationship, as we are told at the end of TFP. Look how happy they both look to be holding that ‘baby’ (their relationship) in their arms:
Canova’s ‘Venus Italica’ is best known for keeping half of herself covered up. Because Jenny (aka John) hides half of himself? :)
We have already discussed that John probably drinks to suppress the homosexual side of his orientation (cf. in the-fisherman-and-his-mother deduction in THoB here (
I take the placement of the target as confirmation that we’re once again dealing with metaphorical ‘murder’ here, not actual murder.
. Mofftiss did this with ‘Dracula’, too, wherein Dracula himself is a metaphor for repressed, ‘abnormal’ homosexual desire, for the monstrous, the exotic, the weird.
I know the reflection of light on its surface might make it a bit difficult to make out, but I knew what exact painting this was in 3 seconds flat.
All three of them could potentially be guilty of metaphorically ‘murdering’ Sherlock, but only one of them IS guilty, Sherlock tells us.
The same was done to the famous ‘Apollo Belvedere’ statue. The show had simply cut off its head and used it in 1x02 ‘The Blind Banker’:
As Sherlock hurries along this darkened corridor, following the ‘ghost’, and is about to discover Sir Carmichael’s body, we get a (slightly less blurry and less dark than usual) shot of this painting
Note that in both my examples above, the flowers are practically dropping out of that vase. That too is a very typical feature of any such painting.
And isn’t it lovely to imagine that Sherlock sees himself as ‘The Muse of the Dance of Love’ whilst John sees himself as a Chinese guardian lion (as I explained
In the TST scene above, all of this happens while they argue (in a very meta kinda way) whether one should give people (us!) what they want or not.
But when Mary is out of the picture and John is all alone with the ‘baby’ (=his potential future relationship), he starts to play with the idea of homosexuality.
Alex is wearing new clothes and has started using a spray tan. Recently, we are told. You know...Just like John, who recently got married. John who is trying to make himself into something that he is not by putting on metaphorical ‘new clothes’ and using a metaphorical ‘fake tan’ that just isn’t HIM.
To their left, there’s Mary Magdalene, that age-old symbol of temptation and seduction. Need I say more?;)
So, essentially, the ‘Dangling Garridebs’ scene is really just a stepping stone to a wider, longer chain of self-realisations (and some day I might even write a meta about what is going on in the first task with the Governor David and his wife because this one actually ties in with the other tasks pretty neatly in that respect).
Sherlock (inside the room=his mind) is divided in three aspects: John (Sherlock’s heart/emotional side) on the left, Sherlock himself as the very essence of his own true self in the middle and Mycroft (Sherlock’s brain/intellectual capabilities) on the right.
It could go either way. And the reason why John is holding the ‘baby’ is because he is the ‘fulcrum’ in their love triangle.
We have already seen Aphrodite (Venus) being used as an important prop in the plot of TBB (she appeared a few times as a sculpture hinting at the heavily sexual subtext of the show, cf.
And seeing as the biblical story of the Exodus is ultimately a story of liberation, I would have loved to see it brought up in a Sherlockian context somehow. (Not even to mention the fact that the Crossing of the Red Sea was supposed to have been a miraculous event and would have been interesting in the Sherlock-verse for that reason, too.)
Keep in mind that most of the other paintings in this episode aren’t shown in full. And there would actually be lots of beautiful paintings at Tyntesfield worthy of the camera’s attention (a couple of charming landscapes by Wilson or Moucheron, for example.) Yet none of them seemed to be very important to the makers of ‘Sherlock’.
In short, what Mofftiss are telling us is that Sherlock Holmes without his gay identity and without the love for John that comes with it is an almost dead, comatose Sherlock Holmes.
And then, there’s also a part in the Hebrew Bible. In the ‘Song of Songs’. Yep, that biblical erotic love poem.:) Where the groom tells his beloved bride that she has ravished/wounded his heart with ‘one eye’. The bride BTW is referred to as a ‘sister’, with the words ‘sister’ and ‘spouse’ being used for the same person and entwined like this: ‘sister-spouse’. (So, John really is Eurus in TFP, right?)
On the show, this bust is almost certainly meant to be read as a mirror for Sherlock. And not just because of the pretty curls. Remember that this bust...is not actually a bust. The original in the Capitoline Museums is an entire statue!
Now why would John be reading a medical training manual for army surgeons? After all, he’s a trained doctor. He doesn’t need to read such books anymore...
The whole “single eye” thing is all over the New Testament, and Jesus refers to it again and again as a positive thing. Usually, it’s interpreted as ‘the eye of FAITH (!)’. An eye of love and desire. The other eye, the one you’re supposed to cast aside is the eye of doubt and darkness. The eye of faith perceives that which cannot be seen or touched, but which undoubtedly exists nonetheless: love. The eye you’re supposed to cast aside is the one that sees only earthly things.
(There’s also the fact that the man’s facial features, his eye colour, his hawkish nose, his high forehead, the way his dark hair is parted, all of that looks like something out of a classic Sherlock Holmes adaptation, or even Paget’s famous illustrations.)
So, instead of actually morphing into the space left for the fourth skull in the display case, Sherlock moves over to the sign and shields his body from the bullets. The sign that reads, ‘Who are we?’ saves his living, breathing body. A body that’s not a dead ancient fossil at all, but very much alive. And it’s alive thanks to that very ‘Who are we’ sign.
Here comes the cool part, though. As I already mentioned, this sculpture in TST, is NOT actually Antinous.
Because of that, the colour of the leg began to fade more quickly than the colour of Mark Antony’s coat, and, over the decades, the leg became visible again.
However, Osiris was also the God of rebirth and regeneration. So, if we ever needed a hint that Sherlock was never actually going to die and would be “resurrected” in series 3, this statue in TBB already told us that.
This is not just any old statue. This is a sculpture of Antinous (around 130 AD) from ‘Hadrian’s Villa’ (now in the Vatican Museums).
Because someone still chose that specific camera angle. Somebody decided for this painting to be in the frame (and for it to be looming ominously over Sherlock’s shoulder, at that).
Let’s just say that even though Sherlock said, “Sex doesn’t alarm me,” in ‘Scandal in Belgravia’, I’m not entirely convinced that he wasn’t lying.
Clearly, the film team didn’t care about these paintings at all; they are irrelevant to the plot. So irrelevant that even the fact that some of them were painted long after 1895 and technically couldn’t have been there yet didn’t really matter. Such as with this portrait
So, if we needed any more proof that Sherlock’s dancing is inextricably linked with his emotions, with his love life, with what he really yearns for, there it is!
But my guess would be that these paintings serve nothing more than a decorative purpose without any deeper symbolic meaning. The film crew needed to film that breakfast scene somewhere, after all.
Sherlock is happily, nervously expecting his ‘baby’ (=relationship) to be born and he does so just as he steps out of the Piet Mondrian closet (to approach John!).
So, what we have is the Goddess of Love literally watching over Cleopatra (Sherlock) and Mark Antony (John) and blessing their love and sex life. Nice!
And (I’m sure I’m telling you nothing new here) this BBC Sherlock adaptation turns up and beats the shit out of this dead body to see if it can maybe, maybe still get a reaction out of this dead body, if it can make that dead body react like a living, breathing thing.
But the show doesn’t want to leave Sherlock there. It tells us he isn’t supposed to be treated like a fossil behind glass.
(In the wake of s4, some people speculated that this might be about John being shot and that Evans is therefore a John!mirror because, in their opinion, John was shot, too.)
get together. Obviously. And the ‘baby’ metaphor should actually inspire hope and optimism in us. You’ll see.
(Did I just dare Mofftiss and Arwel Wyn Jones to include the Barberini Faun in series 5? I think I did.:))
The fact that this sexual subtext (the sculpture!) is literally headless is just an added little gag.:) Well, we all lose our heads when we fall head over heels, I suppose...
Dude painted the (more or less) same painting (with minor variations) over and over and over again...Yeah, he was zen like that.
John put on new metaphorical clothes and started to use a fake tan (=faked love) because of what he had ‘seen’ (laser surgery) about himself and Sherlock (whom he believed to be dead at that point) once his metaphorical ‘eyesight’ was fixed.
Granted this still doesn’t explain the other light blotch at the very top of the book cover. It could be the badge of the Northumberland Fusiliers, though, or the famous R.A.M.C. badge with the snake or something.*shrugs* I really don’t know. It’s all just an idea, anyway. But please humour me for a moment, okay?
And remember that ‘food’ is a metaphor for sex on this show. The ‘baby’ (=relationship) keeps bringing up its ‘food’...Yeah, John and Mary’s sex gets regurgitated and is never fully digested.
I’m not even exaggerating when I say there must be hundreds of them. And that’s not even counting the copies and fakes...
But let me tell you the best, literally THE absolute best thing about this tapestry, the thing which (I believe) gave the showrunners the idea to stage this whole scene in front of this particular tapestry in the first place:
The two worlds the Doctor is all about: Earth and Gallifrey...The two planets, the two worlds, that the Doctor has to juggle somehow, the two worlds he’s looking out for, the two worlds he cares about...
Okay, it appears that I got a few of the ambassador’s lines mixed up when I was writing the above meta earlier. (I was at work and couldn’t watch the episode itself there, so I got mixed up with who said what.) But I think I’m still basically right about what’s going on:
So after years of metaphorical ‘peering’, John fell in love deeply and profoundly when he met James. And it was the first time that love happened with another man! (Remember that thing about Sholto leading a bunch of NEW RECRUITS into battle. Yeah, that story is just dripping with subtext. John was NEW to this feelings thing. John was new to falling in love with a man. He had only been fooling around with men before.) So, John fell for Sholto. Hard. Not in the way he usually felt and feels about women at all. I mean, John is described as physically wounded in the left shoulder (=heart) in ASiP. John misses the ‘war’. He can’t perform in bed (=has a limp
Find out more about what this picture could mean in the context of this show and what other TV show recently used its twin painting...
Maybe this epiphany (laser surgery) isn’t about John finally putting a name to his own orientation. Maybe this is specifically about John’s feelings for Sherlock. Maybe this is about John putting a name to his feelings for Sherlock, and then...deciding to pursue his heterosexual side only!
And, as LSiT and countless other brilliant people have already pointed out, the locked room represents Sherlock’s heart: If Sherlock locks his heart and doesn’t let John in, that spells doom for him. And to make matters even worse: It’s John himself who tells Soo-Lin, “Bolt the door after me.” In other words, John leaves ‘Sherlock' (Soo-Lin) and even tells ‘Sherlock’ too lock his heart. And this means ‘Sherlock’ is doomed.
has been so kind as to take pictures of the menu prop that was apparently used for the wedding scenes in TSOT. Thank you,
So, in other words: John is sitting in the office of his therapist, and visually his problem (his actual problem, not the surface-text problem, but the subtextual one) is sitting right there in the room with him: He has trouble dealing with his bisexuality.
In all previous seasons we have seen only glimpses of Sherlock’s true self; this episode is a watershed moment in which Sherlock finally realises that John will never leave him and that he can be who he is with John. We’ve seen a lot of the Sherlock’s official side, the public mask, but only glimpses of his emotional inner universe until this episode.
PPS: In case you find the translation of lions=John unpersuasive: Remember how, in TBB, Sherlock literally hid from danger behind a giant
to the right of that dark doorway is a picture of milkmaids and cows by the way, so I refuse to believe that it is, in any way, significant for what we’re seeing in this scene, and well...they’re not really showing it to us, anyway.
That’s what Sherlock’s ‘Shadow’ (Eurus) does here. She tells Sherlock that Sherlock loves all of John. That all of John deserves to go into Sherlock’s ‘ocean’. She tells Sherlock that Sherlock feels THE SAME about all aspects of John....literally:
But, I mean, I can still imagine that Sherlock himself is looking right at it, seeing as he’s facing it in the above screenshot. And everything that is on that wall was put there by Sherlock’s drug-addled brain anyway, since he’s only dreaming this. So...:)
And look they put it right next to the infamous bust, which I had already discussed in my sculpture and art meta series (here:
The guy may be the frightened, pessimistic part of Sherlock, but even he has learned that his heart (John) can protect him. (Or maybe I’m just a romantic, too.:))
Well, I know one TV show that pulled off that exact joke. And funnily it did so with the twin painting of the one used on ‘Sherlock’.
(not in the Metropolitan Museum in New York, like the other one, but in the Wallace Collection in London).
This sculpture is Cardiff’s famous ‘Drummer Boy’ by Sir William John (also known as ‘Goscombe’ John):
Look at that rather prominent peach which you can see in each and every example of the Ladell paintings above:
There’s one other thing I would like to at least mention: Vermeer’s paintings are deeply, deeply metaphorical. I think I counted up to a dozen different metaphors in that last one I was staring at.
Anyway...I would have loved for the film team to do something with these two paintings, but they didn’t...But then, this isn’t an art documentary, I know, I know.
On a more somber note, this also makes the bust extra-extra creepy. That thing has microphones attached to it. Sherlock is being watched. Permanently. As he dances.
Organised religion (no matter how many priests and pastors might privately, secretly enjoy to put the “Aaaah...Men!” in ‘Amen’) does publicly frown on same-sex relationships.
And then Sherlock obviously goes into task number four (having to choose between his brain and his heart and eventually working out that you cannot make that choice).
The camera seems to just glide across their surfaces as Sherlock and John walk along the various corridors. Because of that you can’t even properly make out what they depict. Like with this Horsley painting
This relationship comes at the wrong moment; it interrupts John and Sherlock who were spending quality time together. Then it’s born, totally rushed and in the wrong way, on the side of the road, like bloodied road kill. Nice. Really nice.
So, don’t say, “Oh, people who work on TV are much too serious for that kind of thing. They would never include dick jokes on their TV shows.”
He will be lying down, near dead, but also be very alive in his mind palace. Just like in the ASiP screenshot above.
), I had elaborated on this Venus sculpture: It represents the half-hidden, yet also in-plain-sight kinda subtext of the show BBC ‘Sherlock’. (That’s why it’s literally covered in code.)
The sculpture on the right hand side is NOT the ‘Aphrodite of Knidos’ we know from that certain ‘Sherlock’ episode, but it belongs to the EXACT SAME sculptural type: it’s a ‘Venus pudica’ style sculpture, too.
I.e., Sherlock understood that this was a serious relationship for John, not just some fling with another girlfriend whom Sherlock could easily drive away within a few days. Mary was there to stay. The wedding was the beginning of her (shitty) journey with John, and the discovery of her pregnancy by Sherlock is a hint that this was the moment Sherlock really, truly registered somebody was taking away his John from him.
If this bust is there to tell us something about Sherlock, the story gets more complicated, but I have to admit that I prefer this idea:
Well, his girlfriend has just broken up with him in that scene. She has more or less accused him of being gay and in love with Sherlock. In this time of crisis (and with Sherlock ostensibly being more interested in Irene Adler, or so John thinks – we know better, of course), wouldn’t it make sense for John to fall back on the two things he knows best: alcohol and his army training as a doctor on the front lines?
We have seen it with Connie and Kenny Prince in TGG, who (again) were a double mirror for John’s dual sexual orientation (see Part 5 (
I would like to add a little something that I haven’t seen discussed yet and which might confirm (I hope!) that these parallels are, indeed, intentional references by Steven Moffat.
In any case, I lack the energy to sift through literally hundreds of still life pictures by Edward Ladell until I somehow magically pick the right candidate. And, on the show, it’s too blurry to really make out which one EXACTLY Mycroft has hanging in his exercise room, anyway.
John’s homosexual side manifests in a very specific way. Not only is it breaking through any ‘civilsed’ attempt at grooming away mother nature.
It makes no difference which parts of John Sherlock thought he loved and which parts of John Sherlock thought he didn’t.
Fair enough...Vastra and Jenny are of the Sapphic persuasion.:) So, maybe the two Venus statues there just mean that the sight of beautiful half-naked women is something the occupants of this household enjoy.
So, a statue that today is known as a prime example and prototype of a ‘modest Venus’ caused a scandal because she was completely naked.
S4 will probably turn out to have been from Sherlock’s POV. So what Mofftiss are telling us metaphorically is, “Pay attention to perspective.” I think the partial blindness aspect here means that Sherlock needs to change perspective on his life. He needs to cover that one metaphorical ‘eye’ of his to get a different perspective on things in his life. Only then will he manage to see things from a different point of view.
Really, just go back, watch that scene and replace the word ‘we’ with ‘I’ (aka Sherlock) every time it turns up in this scene.
We have already established that Nathan’s shortsightedness means that John isn’t ‘seeing’ something *cough* important. John isn’t ‘seeing’ something that’s right in front of his eyes. Something...about Sherlock’s desire for him. (The cars in that photograph behind Nathan!) Or possibly something about his own feelings.
Well, I kept wondering: Did they actually foreshadow this the lion=John metaphor? And guess what...They did! In ‘The Blind Banker’ (TBB). (All the stuff happens in TBB, so why am I even surprised.) Now, I’m not sure if anyone has written meta about this before. (And I apologise if anyone has)...Remember this scene here?
As a kind of afterthought, I’d like to quickly point out a couple of the other paintings to be found at Tyntesfield even if I suspect that their appearance on screen in TAB is merely coincidental and probably doesn’t carry any symbolic meaning.
Uh-oh, looks like the three of them are feeling rather trapped by the whole situation (love triangle) they have found themselves in. These sure look like prison bars over their bodies:
Nathan on the right is John’s brain aspect because he corresponds to Mycroft inside the room (ie, Sherlock’s brain aspect).
When it comes to filming outside of the studio environment, the same rules apply that would apply to any church, tree, house or mountain: The set designers didn’t create the painting, but they don’t create architecture, city skylines or landscapes either, and yet all and any of these can carry a symbolic meaning.
They even made sure to zoom in on the lion first and give us the banker’s portrait sharp and in focus
Sherlock is trying to work out what it is about John that made him fall in love. (Like we all sometimes do...especially when it’s the first time love has struck us.)
This isn’t some random sculpture that just happened to stand around there either. It’s a very famous sculpture.
Do you think those sculpture parallels between ‘Sherlock’ and ‘Doctor Who’ are cool? Well, wait for it. You’ve seen nothing yet.
Another possible explanation of the ‘flip’ is what I have proposed a couple of times before in comments to other people’s metas. (Comments that I can’t find right now because I’m an idiot.:))
To be sure, cleverer people than I worked out pretty quickly after the episode had aired that the scene is a literal ‘cliffhanger’ and that it also literally dangles the ‘Garrideb’ scenario (from Doyle’s canon story 3GAR) in front of our eyes. Someone even worked out that there’s a ‘Chekhov’s gun’ (
He tells us that, no, this man couldn’t have been the one who killed Evans. In other words, no, Sherlock did not fall for the John who had these types of problems. At least, those problems (the drinking and the shaking hand) weren’t the aspect that Sherlock fell in love with.
Remember that, a second later, Sherlock deduces that the waiter who’s stepping into his path is an expectant father?
Also...Cleopatra is sitting half-naked in Mark Antony’s lap, whilst, right underneath that scene, John is staring at an equally half-naked Sherlock’s lap. (They’re not quite sitting in each other’s laps yet. But yeah...you know...the Victorians would be shrieking...is all I’m gonna say.)
THAT is the episode in which they’ve parked two giant ‘Venus pudica’ type statues in Jenny and Vastra’s living room.
You can even see one of the staff still handling Sherlock’s coat in the background as Sherlock steps into the dining hall:
And now we come to the best part. Really. I mean, did I call that Antinous sculpture above the gayest statue of all statues?
So, all in all, John will be so freaking happy with that relationship...it’s hard to believe this is still supposed to be the same grumpy, depressed John from ASiP. Look how insanely happy John is with his relationship with Sherlock. He’s so happy he dissolves in kisses.
And all the heads on the show are also Sherlock: from Billy the skull to the skulls in the museum in TBB and the head in the fridge in TGG. And let’s not forget the statue with the cut-off head shown to us in the lobby of the Museum in TBB as Sherlock runs away from Zhi-Zhu’s shots (
“Sherlock,” said John, placing his hand on Sherlock’s back and rubbing vigorously. “Sherlock, wake up.”
“You told me last week that I was not to worry, that you would take care of your own needs, but the evidence does not support that being a probable outcome. You require sex and human affection to be happy, but you rarely favored so-called 'one night stands' when you were single, and I don’t believe experiencing the benefits of an emotionally fulfilling, monogamous relationship has given you more of a taste for them. Rather the opposite, I would think. You are monogamous by nature. Additionally, you have just recently confirmed to me that you have no intention of dating in the future. Therefore, it seems unlikely that you will be able to obtain the level of sex you require, if dating and relationships are not an option, and your chances of a one night liaison are slim to none.”
He’d never seen Sherlock look so small as he did after John had overpowered him and fucked his brains out on their sofa in the middle of the afternoon. He’d been angry when he’d done it, of course, frustrated once again that his stupid poncy flatmate had risked his life unnecessarily, and without John there to protect him. The sex had been fueled by that frustration, and the anger had made it better. John had never been one for kinky sex with previous partners, but he could no longer deny that something about sex with Sherlock brought out a desire to dominate. He was sure it wasn’t as healthy as it should be.
Their second encounter occurred the next night. Sherlock was sat on the sofa watching a nature documentary about honeybees when John joined him.
This made John pause. He’d been so caught up in how good it felt to finally give in to his desire for his friend, he’d almost forgotten. Sherlock had never done this before. And as much as John just wanted to pounce on him and take him apart ruthlessly, he didn’t want Sherlock’s first time to be a whirlwind that swept him along. He un-suctioned his lips from Sherlock’s glorious neck and sat back so that he was now resting on Sherlock’s thighs.
There was no answer. John padded softly around the other side of the bed. Sherlock’s eyes were open, and he was staring into the middle distance. He looked as if everything Sherlock had been carved out of him. Fuck. He couldn’t still be dropping, could he? John was in so far over his head here.
The way he’d felt after sex with John after the cab incident hadn’t been a one-off, but a precedent. Sherlock’s body had come alive during the course of this arrangement with John, but more often than not, the soaring highs of the sex and orgasms were followed by low lows and feelings of discontent and unhappiness.
...this one here. It’s the first sculpture we’re shown in TBB when, first Sherlock’s mirror Soo-Lin, and then later Sherlock himself find it covered in yellow graffiti:
These changes in Alex (=John attempting to lead a heterosexual life) were brought on by something very specific.
Sherlock has filed away the sharp edges in his flat (=his emotional self). And he did that FOR the ‘baby’ (=his relationship with John). Sherlock is making an effort.
I assume that, since Sherlock has uploaded a photo of the ‘baby’ onto his phone (=heart), the ‘baby’, at first, represents his and John’s relationship...until the phone changes hands and ends up in Mycroft’s palm. That’s when the ‘baby’s’ meaning changes; that’s when the metaphorical ‘switch’ is being turned.
And this is where Mycroft (=Sherlock’s brain) is desperately trying to be ascetic, ie, pull himself (itself) together and get himself (itself) under control.
So, let’s assume that this TFP scene is, indeed, again all about Sherlock (the show is called ‘Sherlock’, after all).
Yes, the Half-Faced Man in ‘Deep Breath’ is a Sherlock!mirror. But I’m sure you all knew that already.
And later it’s Sherlock who finds the sculpture (I’m sure it’s not a coincidence that it’s neither John nor Andy who find it) and thus shows us directly that there’s a parallel between him and Soo-Lin because they’re both looking at the same sculpture (read: the same subtext).
Also, I like the idea of this bust being about Sherlock because, then, ALL the busts that were shown on the show would be about him.
I mean we had seen a similar metaphor on the menu during John’s wedding, hadn’t we? There were two meal options, remember? (
(Sculptures of the ‘Venus pudica’ type are, by definition, half hidden and yet also naked and bare, for everyone to see.)
I know Mofftiss claim they wrote that scene in a hurry, but it doesn’t look like it. In any case, it’s dripping with subtext:
And in TFP, Sherlock deduces that Howard Garrideb, a drunkard with an ‘unsteady’ hand, couldn’t have pulled the trigger and hit Evans (=Sherlock).
But then...oh, then...at the end of TLD, the baby is cautiously mentioned again shortly before John and Sherlock hug:
Oh, and remember that the episode TBB of ‘Sherlock’ had two (!) ‘Venus pudica’ style sculptures in it, too! Just like this episode of ‘Doctor Who’.
Anyway, it’s nice how John is positioned in front of the more stormy Wilson painting (red circle). John is more agitated at that moment, after all, gesturing with his gun. Whilst Sherlock is standing in front of the calmer Stanfield canvas (yellow circle), which does nonetheless depict a beach scene right as the tide’s about to come in. So, basically a calm scene that’s about to get wild and unpredictable too.
I was sure I had seen it before (possibly even the real thing), but I couldn’t quite place it. Until I remembered that the bust in TBB was actually not a bust but a partial copy of a whole statue (the Apollo Belvedere, as I explained in '
In a nice pun, she references the word ‘pall’ (”chess palls”) – a shroud that Sherlock is symbolically lying on while this is going on.
Surrounded by all these urges and temptations, as exemplified by a rather large and difficult to ignore peaCOCK in the same room.
There isn’t anything specific in Evans’s appearance that would mark him out as a Sherlock!mirror. Trust Mofftiss to make it difficult for us and pick an actor who has neither curls nor killer cheekbones and who doesn’t wear a chequered shirt or a John-jumper either...all to confuse us as to whether this man is supposed to represent John or Sherlock. Look, they’ve even put him in a plain white t-shirt to make it virtually impossible for us to interpret his choice of clothes one way or the other.
Is this about John truly naming his own orientation for the first time after he fell in love with Sholto? John had probably deemed anything that had happened with men until then as just an exercise in ‘fooling around’ (cf. ‘playing the clarinet while in school’ in TBB). Remember that we are told that Alex Garrideb has frown lines around his eyes that prove a ‘life-long habit of peering’ (=not seeing something for years).
(phone), no, you could even argue that said phone (heart) is on Mary’s side of the conflict...wait, what does that mean? Ah, yes, the phone booth IS EMPTY!
“Why would Mofftiss even go for this? Just because they like ‘Inception’? Isn’t BBC ‘Sherlock’ supposed to be read on a meta level, as well? As more than just an adaptation of the original ACD!stories, as a commentary on all the other adaptations that have been done before, as a commentary on the relationship between author, audience, and the Sherlock Holmes character that has existed for more than 120 years?”
Since the ‘baby’ acts as a switch and keeps changing its meaning depending on who it is associated with, this is clearly NOT John and Mary’s relationship. It’s not even John and Sherlock’s relationship per se. Sherlock is interacting with that baby all on his own: So, this is Sherlock’s perspective on how his own future relationship, his own love life, is shaping up to be. (And obviously that future relationship is connected with John. Duh.)
This second Venus on BBC ‘Sherlock’ is incredibly similar to the ‘Venus de Milo’ used as the second statue in Madame Vastra’s living room. Hell, if it weren’t for the missing head this statue on ‘Sherlock’ could BE the ‘Venus de Milo’, too.
The other statue in Madame Vastra’s living room (the one on the left hand side) is ALSO a ‘Venus pudica’ style sculpture. One that is so well-known I’m sure you will all immediately recognise it:
Note, by the way, how the camera in this scene slowly pans over this painting BEFORE it pans over to Mycroft on the treadmill.
So, yes, in that TEH scene Sherlock visually comes out of a Piet Mondrian closet. Think about that for a moment...
He is drinking (so he’s probably not happy) and he’s reading something about how wounded soldiers were patched up in the 19th century, possibly even about the Anglo-Afghan War of 1878-80 because that would be the kind of in-joke the show runners like. (Don’t forget that they have already likened John
So, Nathan, we are told, wears glasses. He is shortsighted. That’s why he couldn’t have killed Evans.
Gosh, my head hurts. They’re fucking me up with this. Please guys tell me I’m not seeing things. (Maybe I just need to go to bed. I haven’t had more than 4-5 hours of sleep a night in two weeks.)
Note how tenderly John is kissing Jesus. (Yes, John’s kissing him!) And we all know who our Jesus figure is on ‘Sherlock’: Sherlock.
But he’s a stitched-together, monstrous version of Sherlock. One that doesn’t know what’s real, what’s original about him anymore. It’s possible that nothing is left of the original man. Everything has been stitched-on and replaced at some point. What a really nice meta joke about what became of the iconic Sherlock Holmes character as he wandered from one adaptation to the next. There’s nothing real left about the numerous Sherlock Holmeses we have seen over the decades.
John understands something (fixes his eyesight). John finally gets something after a very long time...something about himself possibly. And THEN he goes and says, “Now I need new clothes and a fake tan,” (=chooses his heterosexual side).
Isn’t it interesting that, as Sherlock suffers through a cardiac arrest and desperately tries to keep his heart alive, that at that very moment, he dreams of John and Mary’s relationship being born? That dream of the ‘birth’ of their relationship coinciding with Sherlock going into V-fib (phone metaphor!) is anything but a coincidence!
Here comes the fun part, though: The red dye that the Victorian weavers used for the leg had a different quality from the original dye used in Le Clerc’s workshop in the 17th century.
In a very rare scene of utmost beauty we also get an interaction of Sherlock with the ‘baby’, ie...of Sherlock with HIS (!) love life.
Sherlock’s ‘side’ of the menu, on the other hand, has the word ‘mine’ right on top of it. Because that’s what Sherlock is: He’s John’s!
Do you want further proof? Well, do you know what a “Calla lily” actually looks like? I shall be a gentleman and refrain from posting pictures of the female organ in question here. Instead I will just leave you with this lovely painting by Georgia O’Keeffe and whistle innocently to myself:
This is John’s wedding, right? So, shouldn’t we assume it MEANS something that there is an optional choice of *cough* ‘main course’…‘on the menu’ for John, so to speak?
(Note that, for this meta reading, it is totally irrelevant when EMP started. The starting point could be HLV or TRF or the pool or even the pilot.)
Well, in order to understand this, we have to keep in mind that the War Office has been defunct for decades.
Last but not least...it would be really cool if their ‘baby’ turned out to be not John’s child at all.
Because, you know, how else would we know what all the sculptures meant if they weren’t coming with a handy tea pot right next to them and all. Duh!
Well, and if you want to read up on Antinous and Oscar Wilde or Antinous and 19th-century gay culture, there’s a lot of interesting stuff out there. Suffice it to say that Antinous is a gay icon. Nobody includes his statue in a frame without knowing what they’re doing.
A fully life-sized statue of a naked woman who could be looked at from all sides had never been done before. (I’m sure Moftiss, too, are just relishing in the fact that they’re doing something that has never been done before.)
The most famous examples in the former category are probably the ‘tea’ and ‘coffee’ metaphors for hetero- and homosexuality respectively, which were discovered a long time ago by cleverer people than me. (And I argued in my ‘Follow the dog’ meta series (
It’s very likely that John’s ‘shortsightedness’ that Sherlock diagnoses here is really about John being ‘shortsighted’ about Sherlock’s feelings and, yes, Sherlock’s sexual desire for John. John doesn’t get that Sherlock is sexually attracted to him. John doesn’t see that thing that’s right in front of his eyes: that Sherlock’s not an asexual being, that Sherlock wants him. Yes, sexually.
, which name-wise is a great gag gift for any true Sherlockian. I’m sure Mofftiss had a good laugh or two about the fact that this sculptor’s name incidentally combines the names ‘William’ and ‘John’ into one. Mofftiss like their puns, after all. Well, and the original memorial in Liverpool can be found in St John’s Gardens of all places.
There’s a painting in the Doctor’s study in ‘The Pilot’ (s10ep1) which definitely didn’t end up there by accident:
And this entire statement is just subtly underlined by the same sculpture that had already been used in the episode TBB of ‘Sherlock’ to symbolically represent Sherlock: the ‘Apollo Belvedere’.
will appreciate the fact that we have even more girls’ heads with braids now.:) Just check out the intricate way the girl’s hair is braided:
That bird looks so much like all those little owls Hieronymus Bosch loved to include in his paintings:
But Mycroft (Sherlock’s brain) tells him, “Nu-uh. No can do. The moment one of you makes the first move, the explosion is going to happen.” So, Sherlock’s own brain tells him he won’t have the time to talk all of that through, he will just want to do IT. The moment one of them makes the first move, they won’t be able to talk through their relationship status. That will have to wait. Because the explosion will be SO massive and so sudden.:D
The intentional wink-wink parallels to ‘Sherlock’ in ‘Deep Breath’ are so in-your-face that the notion that this could all be just some giant coincidence is simply laughable.
It’s only with his new-found knowledge from the ‘Garrideb’ task (=love your beloved the way they are, love all of them, the whole package; you have to take them the way they are) that Sherlock manages to solve the next task. The task that will be about admitting his love and saying, “I love you.”
Oh, à propos properly coming out: Look at how Gatiss describes the beginning of John and Mary’s relationship (birth of the ‘baby’).
As anyone interested in art will tell you, Saint Lawrence is best known for the fact that, according to tradition, after he had already been put on the grate and had been roasting over the open flames in excruciating pain for a long while, he still had the cheek to address this dry-witted remark to his tormentors,
And was it included in this Georgian workshop scene in TST to be read as yet another metaphor for Sherlock’s homosexuality or as a hint that these scenes aren’t real, that this is happening in somebody’s unconscious as that somebody is dying?
In other words, the gridiron points in two (!) different directions: Heaven for some. Hell for others. (The fact that the painting above reminds us a bit of Moriarty is just a nice little detail in this context, for Moriarty will definitely fall into the second category – just like the Roman Emperor all those years ago.)
We see Sherlock and his mirror Soo-Lin, and the freaking Apollo Belvedere (yellow circle) is looking right over their shoulder to make sure that we really, really get it: Hey, dear viewer, when we were talking about Andy’s sexual/romantic interest in Soo-Lin we were actually talking about Sherlock.
By the way, when Lawrence was sentenced to death he allegedly told the Emperor, “My gridiron feels cool to me, for I’m dying in the knowledge that I’m going to Heaven. It’s you, poor man, I feel for, for you will have to suffer eternal pain.”
of children” (=relationships). And then he adds that this is not his bias, that this is a scientific fact. So, in other words, Sherlock told John that!
The fact that these two sexual symbols (the dagger and the gun) are so strongly associated with death, destruction, pain, doom and gloom, is really enlightening. It means that Sherlock’s ideas about love and sexuality at this point are tied to his fears of Moriarty. If he gives in to his feelings and lets himself be with John the way he wants to, Moriarty will use this and destroy them. That’s why the dagger (that highly sexually charged symbol) is
Because there’s a giant painting of Saint Lawrence right behind Sherlock in ‘The Abominable Bride’ just as he starts to freak out about finding Moriarty’s
Just you wait, Sherlock. It might turn out that you’re not as refined when it comes to your homosexuality as you think. Your body might turn out to be just as animalistic and unstoppable as John’s. Just you wait.:)
But a better, more real version of Sherlock. That’s the version that will survive. It’s the original. Not the stitched-together monster.
That’s why during the ‘Three Garridebs’ scene we get particularly urgent reminders of the girl being on that plane and the fact that this absolutely HAS TO BE solved if they want to save the girl (aka Sherlock).
Sherlock is telling himself here, “Oh, I love John, all right. But it’s not for his intellectual accomplishments. The man might by ‘pretty damn smart’ in general. But it’s not his brains that I found attractive about him. After all, he can be a bit intellectually ‘shortsighted’ about...STUFF sometimes.”
What exactly do I love about this other person? Which aspect of them made me fall in love with them?
This turns into Sherlock’s brain speaking, then. And Sherlock’s brain adds, “I’ve never been good with them...”
And these two worlds that the artist (ie, the showrunner) is looking out for are in the same painting with him!
More importantly...Lawrence’s famous quip, “I’m done on this side. You can turn me over now,” whilst being roasted to death, is a fascinating parallel to Sherlock’s personality and behaviour.
And thankfully she does...not without reminding John that he has to look after the ‘baby’, ie, John is apparently expected to look after their relationship even after (!) she’s gone. She really expects him to remain a widower who’ll always be in love with her. Wow.
And you will have probably already noticed that there are two (!) paintings in the ‘Sherlock’ episode 3x02 ‘The Sign of Three’ (TSOT) that we have so far neglected to mention.
[While uploading it to AO3 just now, I've changed a section in the middle, which misattributed pieces of dialogue to the wrong characters. I have now corrected that mistake.]
Well, think about that... ‘The Muse of the Dance of Love’...This makes me so happy, you have no idea.
The fact that this war memorial was originally built to commemorate the fallen and the wounded of the 1878-1880 Anglo-Afghan war can’t have escaped the show runners. This callback to the original ACD!stories and canon!Watson’s military background is just too good not to be used. I’m pretty sure Mofftiss knew about that when they first checked out this location in Cardiff.
There’s also another reading of the metaphorical ‘laser surgery’, though. And this one hurts even more. (Are you ready?)
Let’s recapitulate: The Victorians tried to hide the lush eroticism they deemed too shocking and offensive to their eyes. Time, however, let this erotic detail appear again because you can’t hide stuff like this forever. It’s impossible to purge ‘forbidden’ details. In the end, the truth will out.
We get this beautiful visual of them literally sitting at the head (!) of a long, narrow table (operating table? hospital bed?)...in any case, those two, the ambassador and her male colleague, could be two voices arguing inside Sherlock’s head:
It’s true that the paintings I usually analyse (like the ones I discussed in my art post series about ‘Black Sails’) were specifically chosen by set designers because the entire set was built and decorated in a studio. And it’s true that this isn’t the case with this scene in TAB. All the paintings at Tyntesfield can always be found hanging on the very walls where we see them in TAB. (Which is also why, unlike with ‘Black Sails’, I needed zero deductive skills to find them: All the paintings at Tyntesfield are properly catalogued.)
As I said, don’t even listen to Mofftiss’ interviews. Look at what Gatiss tells us right in that scene alone. He fucking hates that relationship between John and Mary. End of story.
In s3 of BBC ‘Sherlock’ they included a particularly nice Canova sculpture, one that represents love, too. Just like a Venus. (I had previously written a meta about it here:
Coma!Sherlock is the 200 adaptations. Because these adaptations took away his reason to live (his gay identity, ie, his love for John).
So, what else makes me think that this sculpture is there to represent John as a character (apart from its original purpose as a war memorial, that is)...
Two circles that don’t touch and certainly never intersect. And yet they are there on the same canvas as though you can only understand (literally “frame”) them together.
It’s possible that that was the moment when John ‘saw’ something about himself, something he hadn’t seen before (metaphorical ‘laser surgery’). Because of James, he reevaluated his feelings for men. He finally named his own orientation to himself. And THAT’s when he decided to date women. Like...lots and lots of them. (Those women are represented by the new clothes and the fake sun tan on Alex. That’s the heterosexual choice.) John returned to ‘civilian life’ after a ‘war’ and went straight for girls.
Really, really certain that THIS is what made him fall in love with John. Not the emotional wreck (Howard). Not the intellectually ‘shortsighted’ man (Nathan) who doesn’t ‘see’ what Sherlock wants. No, it’s the one in the middle: Alex. The aspect at the centre of John’s John-ness. That’s the one! This one is metaphorically ‘guilty’. He deserves to be thrown into the ocean (=wild waters...aka feelings).
In other words, the fully-exposed-yet-modestly-hiding-her-nakedness Venus (ie, the subtext) is covered in code. The subtext is still hidden behind a code!
...with martyrdom being hinted at by the palm branch, the traditional attribute of all Christian martyrs (you can disregard the rose crown for now, I’ll get back to that later.)
It’s probably a sculpture of the ‘Venus Anadyomene’ type (a half-draped Venus, re-emerging after her bath), but I can’t be sure which sculpture it is exactly, not with the head missing and from that distance.
On a meta level, Sherlock ‘comes from’ the ACD!canon, obviously. Sherlock and John are really, really old, after all. They were created a long time ago by Arthur Conan Doyle.
In TBB this story is still totally hidden from the casual viewer, yet the subtext (with Soo-Lin, her brother and her colleague Andy) is also fully exposed to us.
So far I have only discussed the first part of Lawrence’s famous quote – the part that mentions death by being burned. Let’s take a look at the second part of it:
John’s homosexual side (while powerful and capable of breaking through a straight façade) ISN’T HEARING VERY WELL.
This way we can just speculate on the general meaning of the painting, instead of the meaning of each individual flower.
What it depicts is not as clear to me as with the one on the left, but if I were to hazard a guess, I’d say that what we see here is probably the famous banquet Cleopatra threw for Mark Antony. The beautiful women dressed as nymphs, serving wine from giant amphorae seem to point in that direction:
And what’s even better: You can eat it.:D Apparently, it’s delicious. Which is why this plant is actually called “Monstera Deliciosa”. You can’t make this stuff up.:)
sorry, gun, and uses it to save Sherlock. What Sherlock had thought was tied to tragedy and pain, actually brought about salvation and ultimately joy and happiness. (That jump into the waterfall is probably THE gayest thing I’ve ever seen, and I have to look at myself in the mirror every morning.)
Note: First let me say that every use of the word ‘baby’ in this meta will be a metaphorical one. So, when I write horrible things about ‘babies’, I don’t mean actual babies (they’re cute; we all love them). I really mean ‘baby’ as a metaphor for: relationship.
would give you the strength to keep your love to yourself, suffering because you thought I would be happier with someone who wasn’t you.” John reached up his own hand, wiping at Sherlock’s tears now. “No, you can’t repla-” John broke, his sobs burst from him, he couldn’t hold them in any longer. He cried for his little Rosie lost, he cried for the way his life had become, he cried for Sherlock always being the strong one emotionally, and being told he had no emotions. He cried for them, and their time lost. Mostly he just cried, letting his body, grieve while Sherlock held him tight against his chest.
“Not true, Mycroft is indifferent, and both John and Otaktay hasn’t said they do not like her. Only Mansi, Delma and I have any commonsense. I have a feeling Rayne won’t like her either.” Liam wiggled his fingers saying goodbye moments before he winked out of sight.
"And it isn't our fault. Besides, not everyone who develops feelings for someone else gets to act on them. It's life. He'll just have to deal with it."
In response John splashed a hand full of water at Sherlock, laughing at the look of surprise on the other man’s face. “What was that you were saying, Sherlock? Less talk more play?”
“Joh-” Liam started when he saw John taking off. Turning to Alasdair he leveled an angry glare at him. “I hope you’re happy! John has enough on his plate without having to worry about draining one of us dry unintentionally.”
John reached out wiping at the tears and turning Sherlock to look at him. Sherlock looked so lost it hurt John to see him like this. Acting on pure instinct he closed his eyes and leaned forward, pressing his lips lightly to Sherlock’s. When Sherlock didn’t pull away John pressed more intently, slotting their mouth together.
“Come on John, you’ll feel better if you just talk about what’s bothering you. And don’t you bother telling me nothing again. Everyone sees it. You haven’t been the same since the night of the party. Did something happen? Do I need to speak to my police buddy and have someone brought in?”
“I’ve noticed since we have become a couple I require regular sleep. Before you, I really only slept when injured, which was rarely, well being injured was rare after I left Moriarty. What do you think it means mon cœur?”
Samantha looked around at the other men present, she was clearly nervous and John felt a familiar burn and ache take up residence in his loins. “Hey, how about everyone give us a little space, huh? Samantha isn’t going to hurt me.” Silently he added,
“It matters. It helps to establish connections and motive. Which will then help us find where they’re being held.” Sherlock explained.
“I've often wondered who John was, now I see. You and I are very different, I don't see the appeal.”
Sherlock walked over to the bed, pulling John against his body. “I know. Your fear is beating at me. But you’ve been here before. Remember when Otaktay and I scolded you for healing us back to back? And then you turned around and healed yourself? You knew without a shadow of a doubt you could do it then.”
“No, it’s not. But I am also wondering what is the purpose of your visit, especially since you know where we live.”
Sherlock released John from his embrace and stood up. Stretching he was pleased to see John glance down at the bit of skin that flashed as his shirt rode up in his stretch. John licked his lips and Sherlock smiled. John was very attuned to him. And obviously very attracted.
Sherlock felt numb, he lost all feeling in his limbs, his vision narrowed down to just John who was suddenly on his feet looking concerned.
” John nuzzled Sherlock's neck, absently noticing Alasdair's bite was already healed and gone. “Please Sherlock.”
“I am going to do some research John, I will email you later.” With that Hyde disconnected the video call.
“I took the beanstalk down several times before, each in a different way. The easiest by far was when heated the plant from the inside out. Basically rotting it on the inside and-”
“Yes. His name is Richard Brook. We met on a case, and the obvious is unimportant. We had an agreement, he was never to come to the flat, only one Thursday out of the month unless I called on him otherwise.”
After showering quickly Sherlock left to feed. The need to be by John’s side was strong, even in the light of day he still felt something was off, maybe even wrong with John.
Sherlock didn’t chance a look at John, He dropped the hand he'd captured and moved his own to the waistband of John’s pants.
“Mi Amor, this is like pulling teeth. If you don’t want to talk about it that’s fine, come here and let me chase the dream away.” Sherlock opened his arms as he laid back down.”
"Boring. And it's aubergine and mother of pearl. We should be bold! This one! This one here, bold aubergine coloured flowers, with the crochet tie and netting details."
“So sorry for you to have to witness this bit of a squabble. Tell us something about yourself, Samantha.”
"Thank you, Mycroft. I owe you for this eye-opening experience. At the start of all this, you stated you were the elder brother and therefore had to set an example, you were right, I have learned so much from you during all of this. I do believe I saw Gavin Lestrade over by Mummy if you would excuse me."
“Your phone’s on the table, I already took pictures of the sitting room and the package. Again no sign of forced entry and Mrs Hudson is with her sister.”
Sherlock had dozed off at some point and the sound of running feet woke him up. Looking over the edge of the pot he saw Rosie running towards him with her arms outstretched.
John scooted closer to Sherlock and wrapped his arm around both men, pulling Sherlock’s hand with his. When Otaktay had turned Sherlock’s hand had shot into the air. Now John spurred him into action with his gentle guiding.
John stood up placing his hands on Sherlock's arms, “Hey, hey, none of that.” Once Sherlock stopped pouting John smiled. “I’m going to kiss you now, is that okay?”
“A very long time after all my ma’s children were killed, my brothers and sisters, she met a man, a warrior and she liked his strength. My ma was so lonely so she sought out the help of a medicine woman, and she gave her a potion to make her human temporarily. My ma laid with the man, afterwards the warrior saw her for what she was and he tried to kill her. She was forced to kill the warrior to protect herself. The warrior's spirit then called out to the God’s for revenge and the god
“Mmm. Thank you. I have never heard my name sound so- I don’t know. The words escape me, I’m so tired.”
Sherlock shook his head. He couldn’t understand how John still thought this was all some kind of joke, he had put his heart on the line, wore it like a badge for John to see. And it was apparent that John had taken it all with a grain of salt. He let go of John, taking a step back he righted his clothes and pivoted, turning off the music. Facing John again, he gave a small bow, “Goodnight John and Happy Valentine’s Day.”
"John is an empath and he was likely getting not only your emotions but mine and Alasdair's as well. Plus you were moving in time with your hand, I'm sure you were brushing against him as well."
“She says she was in the backyard and looks like she’s been crying. She also mentioned that she knows everyone hates her.”
“How is that possible Sherlock? Dreamwalking, understanding other languages I’ve never spoken. Oh and I can’t leave out the coup de grâce, I read Liam’s mind earlier.”
Sherlock was startled as everyone cheered and clapped. He gave John a tentative smile, they were married. How had this happened? Sherlock thought over the past few months, went over the guest list in his head, they were people that were in his circle, and John's not Mycroft's. That sneaky bastard. Smiling Sherlock took John's hand and turned to the Officiant, "Good one brother, I owe you."
Sherlock was hit with a sudden case of deja vu. As he stood on the landing of the stairs he could see John as he had been that night, dressed gallantly in his dress uniform facing the crowd but apart from it. But then John turned and looked at him, giving a hesitant smile. That hadn’t happened the night of the party.
Molly looked from John to Sherlock, smiling hesitantly she replied, “I don’t have any plans I can stick around a bit longer. But I would like that break, to use the loo and grab a bag of crisp maybe.”
“John” Sherlock’s thumb was stroking the side of his face in an absent-minded fashion, “John, I know you are hurting. And I know I could never take the place of a lost child,” John was stunned that Sherlock knew from whence his pain came from. It would be a much more logical assumption for him to be mourning the loss of his lying, backstabbing, cunt of a wife. Mourning all that she took from him, time. So much lost time. But Sherlock had cut through all the haze and saw to the heart of the matter.
Otaktay searched John's eyes trying to figure out what he was getting at. He spared a quick look at Sherlock but his face was neutral once again. "Yes."
When John had reached the apex of Sherlock’s thighs, he placed kisses all around his pelvis purposely avoiding his erection.
The smug smile dropped from Sherlock’s face, shocked to complete silence. Little Rosie’s squeals filled the air as John leant over and kissed Sherlock softly.
When Sherlock was done showering he left the water on and exited the bathroom in only his towel, much the way John had did the first night here. “I left the water on for you.”
Sherlock heard John. He really did, but in his mind, he kept seeing John sitting in some decrepit location with the gun in his mouth.
John could sense Sherlock's confusion and turmoil. He could also sense Otaktay’s. He was feeling both satisfied and turned off. And John didn't know where his feelings on this started or stopped. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock and gripped Otaktay’s arm with his hand. "Everyone just calm down and take deep breaths. We'll sort this all out."
“You and John have been living together since you met. You work together, eat together, you have a joint bank account and you both even hate the same people.” Sherlock chuckled at that. “And if you told me right now that you weren’t in love with John I’d call you a liar. I see the way you look at each other. I was a bit slow and didn’t put two and two together until yesterday, but it's obvious.”
John saw the look of panic cross Sherlock’s face. He didn’t want him to feel overwhelmed or pressured to do something he didn’t want to. They would get to that eventually.
John squatted down next to the couch and looked at the phone, immediately he saw that Sherlock had downloaded some kind of fancy photo app. “Sherlock! You downloaded an app; that’s money I don’t have.”
There was a quiet knock at his bedroom door, glancing at the clock beside his bed he frowned, John should be at dinner with Mycroft. And Ms Hudson was out of town. "Come in."
Reluctantly Sherlock let John go but was pleasantly surprised when John turned and he was kissed softly on the lips.
“That was because you popped up outta nowhere growling at me. I think most people woulda been scared.”
“For being extra- well for- hell, I don’t know Sherlock. I just know I have been acting differently, moody. And not to make excuses but I’ve just been so tired, mentally, emotionally. I just feel like I can’t carry anymore, I’m sorry I’m not stronger. I’m sorry…” John’s voiced cracked a bit, “I’m sorry if I have been more emotionally needy.” Sherlock crossed over to John pulling him tightly into his arms. “No. No John. You are the strongest most courageous and selfless person I have ever known. It’s okay to feel overwhelmed and to doubt yourself. Don’t let Alasdair make you feel bad for showing emotion.” Sherlock pulled back a little tipping John’s head up so he could look him in the eyes. I love you. You are enough. Do you understand me John Watson?” When John just continued to stare at him as if he had two heads Sherlock lowered his head and kissed him furiously.
John scowled and looked at the picture again. It took him awhile before he actually saw it. The man was laying on his back with a cane just out of reach. Again, the angle of the picture made it hard to make everything out and initially the cane had looked like debris. But now John saw it clearly, the man was dressed very similarly to his usual style. And even though John no longer used a cane, it was added to drive home the similarities. Now that John was looking at this man as a mirror for himself he knew the man was injured but not by his own hand. It was made to look like a suicide attempt but John seriously doubted the man tried to commit suicide and Moriarty just happened to be in the area and available to take photos.
Sherlock hurriedly turned off the lights in the kitchen, leaving it bathed in the gentle light of the candles. Sherlock sat down across from John, gave a tight smile, “Bon appétit.”
Alasdair looked at John for a long time, as if just seeing him. Turning away he spoke to the vampire’s, arise treat me as you would John, as your equal.”
“Haven't you Sherlock?” Sherlock nodded an affirmative. “It gets old after a while, you know that. You settle on one place to call home and eventually even that becomes old. I went to ground for a while. I've done a lot in my lifetime, I was even a well-known writer for a time.”
“Every vampire in England knows where you live, I’m surprised they haven’t tried to ambush you yet.”
John nodded and made his way to the kitchen where he made himself some breakfast and poured a cup of coffee. Smiling, John thought to himself, not a bad way to start his day.
“No worries, I rather like your birthday suit.” John sat on the edge of the bed and pulled one of Sherlock's feet into his lap, using a healthy dose of lotion he began rubbing it on Sherlock’s feet, working the excess lotion up in onto his calf, massaging lightly as he went. Sherlock was making a soft humming sound in the back of his throat as John started in on the second foot, it sounded suspiciously like purring.
John looked at Sherlock, he looked horribly tired, his eyes and nose were red and he was staring at John in a way he’d never done before, honestly, it scared John. He watched as Sherlock squared his shoulders and met his gaze. Unconsciously he took a step back.
They laid in companionable silence for a long while. Finally, Sherlock had to break the silence with what he was thinking. “This is nice.”
The option how to deal with the situation was taken out of both of their hands when the morning wake up call sounded through the room. Both men jumped startled. They both now knew the other was awake.
John’s mouth opened in shock, it was Otaktay. He’d never dreamed of the medicine man before unless you counted the time Otaktay entered his dream to warn him that his life was in danger.
“Of course you’re here, I wouldn’t be in the least bit surprised if Mike and Mycroft popped out of the closet with you.”
Mycroft made an excuse and left shortly after, the tension in the room was even thicker than when John had first entered the flat. "Sherlock, you must know I wasn't trying to hurt you or impede our friendship. I figured this was the best solution for us all. I will get a job in the field I miss; I'll be keeping Mycroft out of your hair more, I'll run interference. Mycroft will get to make your mother happy, and you get to have your solitude again, I think you miss it sometimes. You won't have to worry about my portion of the rent because your brother will pay it as part of the stipulations of me marrying him. And to top it all off, we won't have to worry about Mycroft wanting to forbid our friendship if anything he will continue to encourage it."
Seeing that the coast was clear John continued to the council’s quarters being as quiet as possible so he didn’t wake anyone. He had no clue what time it was, time was a luxury he no longer seemed to indulge in. They had no schedule and held no regular hours. Sometimes they would be up for days at a time before they were allowed any semblance of rest.
“Hi, John. I’m Molly.” The harp introduced herself. John almost back peddled into the fire. He hadn’t expected a talking harp. Looking over to the goose, John asked, “Does it talk too?”
Sherlock's mind was hazy under the delicious onslaught of John’s mouth. Without giving it much thought he thrust his hand between their bodies stroking John. John gave a deep moan of his own and jerked into Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock stopped struggling and stared at Alasdair, it was apparent he was struggling with himself. Something wasn't right.
“When you looked at my injury, you looked at it the way a doctor might objectively, and you had a gentle touch.”
John wanted the situation handled with as little awkwardness and drama as possible. They still had two more nights to get through. “Good morning Sherlock. I trust the sleeping pills helped you sleep like a baby, teddy bear included.” He joked.
“Well, thank God it worked,” John replied turning away, leaving the quarters. He had to see about Otaktay.
With great difficulty, John tore himself away from Sherlock. It wouldn’t be fair to subject Otaktay to that. Sherlock had great restraint hopefully he wasn’t poking Otaktay in the back with evidence of his excitement.
“Ooh.” John kissed him again. “You smiled as if you were happy for them. What’s going on in your funny little mind?”
John noticed Sherlock still wouldn’t meet his eyes and he appeared sad at their leaving. Rosie ran over to him hugging him again. “Don’t be sad. We’ll be back, Dada said.”
Sherlock stood up, he cradled John’s face between his hands forcing John to stare up at him. “John, you are magnificent. You’ll figure it, I have complete faith in you.” Sherlock lowered his mouth to John’s placing a simple chaste kiss against his lips before pulling away again.
“You have been acting very odd today.” John rushed on to add, “Not that today hasn’t been nice, just a change of pace.”
The rest of the summer passed in much the same manner, John and Rosie coming up daily to visit Sherlock unless the giant didn’t leave for the day. John told Sherlock stories about his childhood and everyday life down where they lived and Sherlock continued to teach Rosie how to play the violin, he’d also made her one out of wood now so she had a much more rich and mature sound. Sherlock had also been teaching Rosie how to use her magic to control the elements. It turned out he had been correct and Rosie could control them, barely, but the potential was there.
Sherlock thought hard if there were anymore driving forces behind him wanting to bed Otaktay and couldn't think of any.
Rosie scrunched up her face in thought and then without warning stuck her hand under the cover and placed it over Sherlock's heart. Warmth spread from her hand to his body.
After several deep lungfuls of the crisp winter air, John felt better. He started walking, he felt drawn to the beanstalk, it was behind his farm and in the woods. It was a cold night and snow was falling slowly. Reaching into his pockets he pulled out his gloves, they were fur lined and extremely warm.
“Shh, Sherlock. You know you like this, barely prepped, tight. Mmm. Makes me want to have you next.”
John gripped Sherlock by the hips as he pounded into him, each of his hurried movements shaking the door in it’s frame.
Back home Sherlock scented the air in the house and smiled. The only people in the house should be Otaktay, who was in a coma, Samantha and Hyde. Sherlock took John’s hand and led him to their room. “Perhaps we should change. We don’t know if waking Mansi will be messy or not.”
Sherlock relaxed against the headboard allowing his hand to remain on John’s forearm, stroking slowly with his thumb. “Unfortunately I will need our little Rosie’s help taking the beanstalk down. If we don’t the giant will come looking for me.” Sherlock was quiet for several minutes looking around the room. “This is your room. Your bed.”
John paid for his drink and was standing up to leave when an older gentleman sat down. “Good evening,” John said politely.
“Sherlock!” John gasped. John had an overwhelming need to sink his teeth into Sherlock, in his shoulder, his neck, thigh. He wanted to taste his blood, to get drunk on it. John suspected this need he was feeling was actually Sherlock’s. Pulling out of Sherlock’s tight embrace John kissed his way down his body, pinching a nipple as he licked at the other with his tongue. He sucked the sensitive skin and ran his nails over Sherlock, driving him to a frenzy. When he reached the apex of Sherlock’s legs, he slowly spread his thighs, placing feather light kisses along the inside of the thighs, alternating between the two before biting down hard and wringing a sharp cry from Sherlock.
Halfway to the beanstalk John stopped, there was a figure slowly making its way towards him. The person’s head was tucked in against their chest and John was sure the person hadn’t even seen him yet. As the person got closer John could tell it was a man and he had no coat on. Rushing over to the figure John’s heart stopped. It was Sherlock, he was shivering and in the light of the moon his skin, what he could see of it looked blue. John hurriedly stripped out of his coat and threw it over Sherlock’s shoulders, trying to coax his arm into the sleeves. But Sherlock was locked inside his own mind, probably trying to keep his mind off the freezing temperatures.
John got up and poured Rosie some still hot tea from a thermos and helped her drink it so her hands could remain on the beanstalk. He could see in the early morning light this was taking a toll on her and he might need to stop her from helping. John looked over to Sherlock and saw the same strain on his face. They couldn’t do this, maybe They should stop and try to reason with the giant if he ever came down.
Outside, after walking a couple of feet from the bar's entrance someone bumps into him roughly. John reaches out a hand to steady them and realizes it’s the man from inside.
“It has been determined that I am the world’s best cuddler, so I am allowed to get away with sassing John.”
“Now I have a new prized teddy bear that I tell everything to.” Sherlock saw John studying his face, he was always so thoughtful, making sure Sherlock was okay.
John slipped his arms around Sherlock's waist and spoke into his back, “You're spoiled rotten, you know that.”
The man turned back to look out at the water and they stood and companionable silence. Sherlock was acutely aware of the fact that had he been standing here with anyone else, he would, in fact, be standing alone after their last exchange most people found him intolerable for even short periods of time. Sherlock was feeling bold, he liked this man and he wanted to see what it was like to share a moment with a person who genuinely liked who he was and who didn’t hold him in contempt.
Now that Lestrade was gone John was up pacing again. “We’ve assumed that each line of this minced song goes together, that each clue was leading us to a conclusion, but what if each of these are separate cases?”
John nodded his head, “I was waiting for you. Is everything okay with you? We didn’t cause you any trouble did we?”
John walked over to the vampire and clapped a hand on Alasdair’s back, trying to comfort the man. “It’s been such a long time, have you thought that maybe she stayed the same as well. That she was always like that but because of circumstances was never given the chance to show her true colors until she had been turned?”
Sherlock, Lachlan, Mansi and Delma all seemed confused. John asked Sherlock telepathically, “What’s wrong?”
"As you know, he was mad at first, but he's warmed up quite a bit. It makes me sad when I think about not being here with him anymore. We have been a team for what feels like so long now. Now it's just so long. I'm gonna miss being around here and all the little things. The two of us arguing over experiments and body parts in the fridge. Emptying the bin and grabbing milk."
“That we do.” Sherlock set about setting the camera’s up, one facing the window, one facing the flat door and the last one he took in the hall so that it had a view of the stairs. “John be a dear and fetch your laptop, I need to make sure the feed is still going to your laptop and recording.”
She frowned, “Well, as you know I subconsciously assets threats to myself and he has never even registered, I think that’s odd, don’t you? I mean he is the oldest vampire out there, the first. Even if he has a good soul he is a threat simply by existing.”
Determined, John made his way up to the brain, what he found there only confused him at first, and then he remembered the explanation Otaktay had told him about how he was connected to Moriarty. John saw a grey trail, very minuscule and almost unnoticeable. The end was just randomly floating  and then lead deeper into the brain, wrapping around the actual brain several times before disappearing into the frontal lobe. John followed the trail. He assumed this was what remained of his ties to Moriarty and John wondered why any of it would even remain after his death. Even still John did not believe this was the source of Otaktay’s current state, he would deal with it all the same but John was baffled.
“Take the harp and goose over to the bushes along with the blanket you have to hide further in the woods and I will be along. A couple more strokes and I will be halfway through the stalk and it will definitely crash.”
Sherlock didn’t reply, already back in case mode so John responded, “Uh, how ‘bout two bottles of water. Thanks.”
Things were going well and then he felt a hesitant kiss on the pulse in his neck. John didn’t move, didn’t breath, he didn’t want to do anything to spook Sherlock or to dissuade him from his exploration.
Sherlock went off to his room, he would need to put on proper attire if he was going to be crawling around and climbing ladders.
John reached up a hand, and with shaky fingers wiped at a tear running down Sherlock’s cheek. “So, you’re serious then? This isn’t all some elaborate scheme?”
Otaktay started walking, his hands behind his back. “You have never called me anything but my given name.”
John gaped at Sherlock. Don’t be silly? Did he not see all the nearly impossible things already happening? Swallowing down his annoyance. John was amused to see Sherlock had taken the time to insulate the bag, which helped to protect the occupants not only from the cold weather but the horns from the prickle bush. Sherlock hadn’t dressed accordingly but he had made sure the harp and goose would be okay. John packed the two back in the bag the way Sherlock had done, making sure they were completely covered. John walked over to Sherlock, topped his face up and kissed him. Taking the time to savour the kiss. He pressed his lips more firmly against Sherlock’s, he didn’t taste the man before him because he didn’t want to risk causing Sherlock's lips to chap any more than they already were. When he pulled away Sherlock’s eyes had gone soft and had a slightly unfocused look to them. “I wish I could help John said looking back to the beanstalk and then over to his daughter.
Sherlock’s words were mumbled low but John just made them out. “I will be here in the morning and we can talk more than, go to sleep.”
“So where exactly have you been all these centuries?” Sherlock sat across from Alasdair as they played chess. John was off with Liam practising mind stuff. Liam wanted to test the limits of John’s abilities. It was apparent to everyone who had been around from the start that his power was growing.
John shoved Rosie through the small hole, they hadn’t moved the plant enough for him to squeeze through yet. Sherlock motioned for John to go ahead and he started back towards the table by a different route, a route that would take the giant's attention from the corner where John and Rosie were hiding.
He was unsure how much time had passed when he heard footsteps. He didn’t turn to look, it could only be one person, and he was enjoying the scenery. He’d never been to America and surely not during the late 1800’s early 1900’s. “It’s really lovely here, and peaceful. I can see why you’d want to stay.” John turned then to face his friend. He could see Otaktay was nervous about how John would treat him this time and it made John feel guilty for his previous actions towards this generous man.
Sherlock was taken aback by John’s suggestion. He knew John meant only for sleep, but images of Otaktay taking pleasure in John’s body kept coming to mind. He understood what John was trying to do. He wanted Otaktay to come to terms with whatever it was he thought he was feeling for them, plus, who didn’t feel better when being held and shown they were cared about. Taking a deep unneeded breath, Sherlock conceded. “Only if I get to be in the middle. Since Otaktay is convinced I hate him, it would do our relationship some good if I am the one offering solace.
John laughed, “No, I’m not going anywhere near your realm. Oh, and both Mansi and Delma don’t like Samantha, they say she feels unclean.”
"No offence Otaktay, but John, you don't want another partner. You love Otaktay as a friend but you don't want him in the bed with us."
Sherlock observed the two men, wanting to take a couple of steps back as to not intrude, but John reached out and grabbed his hand. The paramedics were loading James Sholto onto a gurney and trying to be as gentle as possible.
The drunk man let the bully go and made the mistake of turning his back on him thinking he was properly cowed, he wasn’t. John watched in horror as bully number two grabbed Mr. Beauty Queen by the arm, swung him around and threw a punch. The man dodged at the last second and the punch skims his face. John was grateful; if the man had made a direct contact this beautiful specimen in front of him would have had a broken nose at the very least. John rushed and grabbed the bully before he has a chance to go after the other man again. Taking him by the wrist John twisted the man’s arm up at an awkward angle and hissed in his ear, “Get your friend and get out before the cops are called. And just for the record, you’re in a gay bar you git.” He shoves the man forcibly and watches as he helps his friend to his feet and they both hurriedly walk out.
John spoke snapping Sherlock out of his thoughts. “After Rosie was born, and she was well enough, she packed up her things and left. She said she didn’t want her life to be reduced to that of a farmer's wife, and a mother. She wanted more out of life and Rosie and I wasn't it. I told Rosie she passed to save her the pain of knowing her mother didn't want her. Mary was not a kind woman.”
Sherlock found he forgot how to speak as the man fingered his blossoming bruise. He stared down at the man. He wasn’t built or classically handsome, but there was something about this man that appealed to Sherlock. He wanted to get to know him better, and possibly thank him
John seemed to shake himself, "What? As you said, it is an agreeable marriage. We aren't marrying for love or prestige."
John stepped in close, angled his head as if he was about to kiss Sherlock, but instead he whispered “I could show you how much of a rise you get out of me, but I think it is too soon for that,” against his lips.
“Something you needed Sherlock? I can’t cook like this you know, and your breath is tickling my scalp.”
“Please Sherlock, we could start this day over. Either act like it never happened, or- we can go back out to the sitting room, try it all again or look at the damned present. I promise not to react badly.”
John brought his head down, cutting off Sherlock's access to his throat. Smiling at his lover he rolled them so that he rested between Sherlock's thighs, their erections lightly nudging, already leaking. He captured Sherlock’s bottom lip between his own sucking, running his tongue over it. John couldn’t keep his hands off of Sherlock, they moved on their own accord, touching, stroking, moulding Sherlock's body anew.
Ten minutes into their search of the new list John hollered, “Found them!” Molly stopped laughing at something Lestrade had been saying and everyone looked over to John. “And he was also in the military. We need to check the name of the bloke that Molly found and see if he was in the military as well.”
Sherlock felt Otaktay’s hands running up his back and back down to the waistband of his pyjamas. He held his breath as he waited to see what he would do. Sherlock was only left wondering a moment before Otaktay slowly started pushing his bottoms down. He placed little kisses to the middle of Sherlock’s back. And when his pyjamas were around his ankles, he felt a tentative finger delve between his cheeks, looking for the ring of muscle that lay hidden there. Sherlock groaned as he felt the digit press in. He looked at John, who was smiling at him and pulling on his erection. Sherlock moaned at the sight. This could not be happening. Otaktay pressed Sherlock forward and pulled one of his legs up. Just as Sherlock's mouth connected with John’s, he felt Otaktay breach him, and he cried out. “John!”
John smiled at his little girl, “Yes Rosie, I will put you up on my shoulders.” He folded his letter and Rosie’s drawing into the shape of a paper aeroplane, put it kept unfolding. John reached out and plucked a hair pin from Rosie’s head and fastened it to the plane. “It’ll make the plane a little heavier but I trust you can do it.” Rosie squealed in delight and started running around picking up her crayons. John took warm clothes out for her along with a hat, gloves and scarf. “Alright princess, get dressed, I’m going to go put my warm clothes on too.”
“Um, well, I have always been able to control the elements. I had thought all people could. Until I met you.”
Later that night Sherlock sat in his room on the bed with the lights out. He had backed out of dinner with John and his brother. Today he had been hit with a hard truth; he didn't want John to marry his brother or anyone. Sherlock wasn't even sure he could stand through the wedding. He didn't want to examine his feelings too closely, but he knew he wanted John to stay right here in the flat with him, and he didn't want anything to change. He had thought John was going to kiss him earlier, but instead, his brother walked in, and John had kissed him instead. Sherlock had wanted to walk over to the couple and pull them apart, maybe even scratch his brother's eyes out. He had recognised the emotion for what it was, jealousy. The past couple of months had been some of the best and worse for Sherlock, he and John seemed closer than ever. He'd not only realised but also accepted the fact that he was in love with John.
“John pointed out that I kissed him first. And when I asked him what was his point, he went to his room. Can you tell me what I did wrong?”
He took John’s hand and lead him back to the Christmas tree; sitting down again in his previous spot he pulled John down beside him. “Let’s get on with it then.”
“You little minx,” Sherlock said grabbing Rosie and tickling her before settling her on his knee. “As much as I would like to come stay with you and John I can’t just leave. The giant would come looking for me and that would put everyone in danger down where you live. It would put you in danger.”
Sherlock smiled at John his eyes welling up with tears. He couldn’t speak past the emotions. John simply patted his hand and led him into the reception hall.
Sherlock re-calibrated. This unexpected development was to his favor, and might actually confirm his current hypothesis (and support an eventual solution) even more soundly than two or three more years of grief-induced celibacy, followed by endless parades of unsuitable women. He still needed more data.
“Hey,” said John, leaning over for a soft kiss, and the angle moved Sherlock’s fingers to just the right spot. John’s vision burst into stars.
Well, that certainly took long enough to finish. I apologize if it's rough. I finally had the urge to buckle down and work up to the ending, and I just went with it, rough or not.
“I’m not expecting a decision right now. But please do actually consider the offer, and don’t dismiss it out of hand. Can you at least tell me you’ll think about it?”
He rose, necessitating Sherlock to rise as well, which he did with as much grace as he could muster, his pants sticking to his skin. It was extremely uncomfortable.
“Quite a lot of things, in this instance,” said John, “but I’m afraid most of that is on me. I’m so sorry, Sherlock, I’ve been a right arse to you. No, I’ve been worse than that. I don’t—”
Sherlock just said, “John.” His eyes were still closed, his larger hands resting now on John’s naked hips.
His bedroom door barely shut, he leaned back against it. Down went the zip, out came the cock, five rough strokes, and a whiteness behind his eyes as the swiftness of his orgasm took him by surprise. He didn’t bother trying to muffle his cries, and when his vision came back, he found himself seated on the floor of his bedroom, the hard bone of his coccyx digging into the unforgiving wood. He’d missed his clothing and hands, but made rather a mess on the floor. At least it hadn’t hit the rug.
The pressure on Sherlock’s scalp abated at last, and he was floating aloft on a sea of stars. John’s hands were clamped down on his wrists, and he was bent over Sherlock now, gasping for breath as he achieved climax. He felt John’s hands squeeze, and a novel sensation of warm wetness appeared inside of him. John was still thrusting, but more weakly now, as he rode out his pleasure.
John had that feeling again, that he should be feeling weird about this, only he didn’t. It felt nice to have Sherlock snuggled around him like a living blanket, his body heavy with sleep. It felt nice to allow himself the human contact. And so he did.
There was a protracted silence. Now it was John who wouldn’t look at Sherlock. He seemed to be fascinated with the space directly over the mantelpiece. He crossed his legs.
Of course when Sherlock did have a real medical emergency, it would be something of this nature. Of course it would. Uncomfortable for all involved. Embarrassing. But John was a doctor, and he could care for his patients, even the ones with conditions they (or he) found
John’s heart immediately set up a glorious tattoo. He felt himself begin to harden inside his pants, and worried Sherlock would feel it.
John patted Sherlock’s hand in a clinical manner that conveyed ‘this consultation is now over, glad you’re okay’, stood up and headed for the door.
“I’m just going to warm up the lube. I’ll warn you before I touch you. Okay? I need you to acknowledge me.”
Sherlock let out a plaintive sigh as John pulled back and opened his eyes. John ran his thumb lightly over Sherlock’s now kiss-swollen lips. His curls were mussed, and he was breathing heavily. It was ridiculously sexy, but John persisted.
“I can’t promise you I will be safe all the time, or that nothing will ever happen to me. I can try to be more careful and considerate of how my actions make you feel, but bad things are going to happen, and I might not be okay. You’re always going to be just a little angry about it, I think. But maybe you won’t be quite so angry as you have been.”
“Yeah, I did,” said John, matter of factly. “Changed my mind. Want to sit on you instead and kiss you all over.” He nipped Sherlock’s earlobe.
After several hours, John became increasingly worried. He cracked the door to Sherlock’s bedroom, and indeed Sherlock was still abed, turned on his side. John took a deep breath and entered.
But neither of them could maintain that position for long. John couldn’t get enough leverage to fuck into Sherlock as hard as he wanted, and Sherlock’s back and neck were beginning to ache.
Sherlock buried his face in John’s neck as he came, his cries muffled into the warmth of John’s skin. John felt the release as it happened, and that was new. The hot wetness of it, and the intimacy of Sherlock’s lanky body collapsed on his, his heart about to pound out of his chest from the exertion.
“John,” mumbled Sherlock, nudging John’s belly with his forehead, exactly like an overgrown cat asking for a pet. He clearly had woken up sometime during the hair fondling incident and was not pleased John’s ministrations had ceased. When John didn’t react immediately (he was currently frozen in a little bit of a panic at being caught out), Sherlock (eyes still closed) found John’s hand with his own and placed it back on the crown of Sherlock’s head. “Mmm,” hummed Sherlock, making John’s belly vibrate with his voice.
“Oh, I stopped probably around the time my wife shot you in the heart. There just didn’t seem to be room for it, or time to waste on it anymore: the trying not to be angry, and telling myself I wasn’t. But I was, before that, always a dark undercurrent of anger when I looked at you, even when I was so happy to see you, to be with you. After, I just wanted you to be there, to be alive, and for it not to be my fault. If I was lying to you, I was lying to myself as well. For a long time.”
The next thing Sherlock knew, he was being pushed onto the sofa face first. One of John’s hands gripped his hair, pressing his right cheek onto the back of the sofa, the other was unbuckling his trousers, pulling them down his thighs.
“He told me that some tall, posh nutter had been caught attempting to break in to the known headquarters of a certain dangerous gang of London criminals. He said the nutter was caught by a patrol car while trying to climb a barbed wire fence, and taken into custody. He said they only released him—you—after Lestrade vouched for you.
When would John give him an answer? How long could he possibly need? How much longer was Sherlock going to have to wait?
He fell asleep on top of the covers close to dawn, promising himself as he slipped away that he and Sherlock would be talking in the morning. John had a lot to say.
“Up on your knees, I think, and forward a little,” said Sherlock, guiding John’s hips where he wanted them.
John stared at his own hand for an unknown period of time, his cock hard in his pants. (He might have had to worry about embarrassing himself, but Sherlock had been right. The whole thing had taken less than two minutes.)
He knew he’d been letting some of that old anger out on Sherlock lately. And he knew it was coming from the same place it always had. This was where his self-reflection normally stopped, just before he would actually learn anything he couldn’t put back under wraps.
Some of the real pain in Sherlock’s voice must have reached John, because he stopped pacing and stood staring at Sherlock, still clutching his hair.
Long periods of time were thus spent leisurely pulling himself off to thoughts of the way John’s penis tasted in his mouth, or the way John’s tongue felt in Sherlock’s arsehole, or occasionally, what it might feel like for John to kiss him.
Sherlock’s own penis had hardened in his pants, throbbing with every new angle, every thrust of John’s lovely cock in his mouth. When John had tugged rather urgently on Sherlock’s hair, trying in vain to pull him off before he came, Sherlock had moaned and come in his pants, completely overstimulated.
“I have already told you that I don’t like being touched, or touching other people, but that’s not exactly true. In the right context . . . with the right people, sometimes I don’t mind. And you’re right, of course. I was curious. Just not curious enough.”
The fingers of John’s left hand grasped Sherlock’s curls, and he swore the low contented rumble coming from Sherlock sounded like a purr. He could feel the steady pulse of Sherlock’s heartbeat from where his wrist lay along the long column of Sherlock’s neck.
During all of this, Sherlock’s face was slack with contentment, his breathing slow and steady. He evidently didn’t mind his flatmate touching him so intimately. But then, they wouldn’t be here now if Sherlock hadn’t propositioned John not three hours before for a medical emergency hand job, which had been preceded by, well, a dick pic. Anyone else exhibiting the same behaviors, and John would think they were coming on to him. But this was Sherlock. Sherlock didn’t do sex or emotional attachments. Sherlock didn’t understand social boundaries like other people did. Sherlock just did what he wanted, and only sometimes regretted it later (usually this was preceded by John becoming upset, and Sherlock regretting John's anger with him rather than the actual thing that caused the anger in the first place).
“I’m afraid you lost me a while back, mate. This cuddling thing we’re doing, this is going to be a regular thing now?” John asked, unable to resist brushing a stray curl off of Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock nuzzled into his hand.
“I would imagine,” said Sherlock, pausing as if to consider his words, “it works the other way as well.”
But this wasn’t sex, right? This was a friend, a doctor friend, helping out another friend who required some assistance. John was nothing if not excellent at providing assistance.
. I saw an opportunity to offer you something you needed, and to get what I wanted as well. I took it.”
He didn’t think the cabbie noticed what was going on, but John was out the door in a flash as soon as the cab stopped, leaving Sherlock to pay the fare, which was usually Sherlock’s move. He couldn’t be arsed to care, frankly, as he was nearly 100% certain he was once again about to be fucked into the mattress.
“You know,” said Sherlock, “I do have some more Viagra that could probably help with your refractory problem . . .”
John’s cock lay thick between them, pulsing with every new detour Sherlock’s roving hand made, eager for him to just bloody touch him already, where both of them knew he wanted to. John flexed his hips in encouragement, but didn’t dare do more.
Before Sherlock could make up his mind, John had grabbed a hold of Sherlock’s ankles, pulled him down the bed so that they were closer together, and settled so that Sherlock’s thighs rested atop his own. The position laid out Sherlock’s genitals for John’s perusal. Sherlock had never felt so exposed. He hissed in surprise as John brushed his thumb gently over Sherlock’s anus. A spike of lust shot through with nerves ran through him as the muscle automatically contracted. John’s gaze was calm and proprietary as he contemplated his next move.
He didn’t believe John would reject him; he’d thought out the variables as far as he could, but there was always something. He had to be prepared. The consequences to his friendship with John, should he foul this all up, could be disastrous.
John felt his prick come to full attention. Sherlock felt it too. His hands left John’s arse so they could pull his pants the rest of the way off his legs. They got caught on his foot and John kicked out in frustration, hearing the pants hit the floor several feet away.
John felt Sherlock shudder underneath him, and felt the skin on Sherlock’s arms break into goosepimples. The hands grasping John’s arse tightened their grip.
“All right, Sherlock?” asked John, and put his hand lightly on Sherlock’s back. Tingles of comfort spread out from the contact, but John removed his hand and they went away.
“Yes,” he said instantly, but realized he didn’t mean it. “I mean, no. No, I'm not angry at you. I was, for a very long time. Now, I’m just . . . angry.”
But Sherlock wasn’t done manhandling him. Slowly, and carefully, he ran his fingers down from John’s back and began tracing the edge of John’s pants. He was wearing a pair of loose-fitting boxers, and it didn’t take much pressure for Sherlock’s fingers to slide under the elastic band, which they did, over and over, teasing him. John shuddered and his entire body broke out in goose pimples, his cock now doing much more than twitching.
John sat up, rubbing his face vigorously with his hands. “I don’t want to do that to you again. I can’t.” John looked Sherlock in the face for the first time in what felt like hours. Sherlock had the same look on his face that he’d had that day in the sitting room, after the morgue, with bruises all over his face, and hell written across his features, and yet he only wanted to comfort John.
Sherlock pulled his fingers out and John squeezed more lube onto his hand. Sherlock coated his prick with the fresh lube, wincing at the cold.
“The sexual ones, John. They weren’t there. All of my partners were objectively attractive, but they did nothing for me besides annoy and frustrate me. Attempting to attain the appropriate levels of sexual arousal was extremely tiresome, and I grew bored quickly.”
“Don’t worry about me. I’m a big boy. If I need, you know,” he mouthed the word ‘sex’ so Rosie wouldn’t hear, “I can just go down the pub, or use one of those hook-up thingies.”
His eyes were still closed. The tentative thread of intimacy they’d been building between them since John had woken up thrummed and stretched.
John was beginning to realize that his little medical handjob may have changed something subtle in the fine balancing act of his and Sherlock’s friendship. Something that he hadn’t been aware of consciously, but which he was becoming steadily more aware of as the minutes creeped on, and he not only allowed his flatmate, his friend, to keep his hand down John’s trousers while he affectionately and enthusiastically played with said flatmate’s hair, but found himself wanting the encounter to continue.
The rhythm they found together was slow but steady. John did most of the moving at first, trying out new angles, finding what felt good, and how hard, and how fast. Sherlock’s hands clutched John’s hips for dear life, and John was thankful his fingernails were so short.
“I propose a mutually beneficial arrangement. You are in need of sex and companionship, and that is an area of my life that until now I have almost completely ignored. I admit that I find myself curious to explore it. Nothing else in our relationship would change. When you find yourself in need of the release that sex provides, I will oblige you. You will feel happier and more fulfilled, and I will satisfy my curiosity. If either one of us becomes dissatisfied with the arrangement at any time, we can stop and resume the normal course of our friendship.”
“Oh,” said John, his face flushing at the idea of Sherlock enjoying something so carnal, so human. “Recently?”
“You’re not thirty-five anymore, either,” said Sherlock, and John didn’t have the energy to smack him.
“I know. I know. I have forgiven you, I really have. I told you, that night Mary shot you, it all stopped mattering. If you went away, I couldn’t do that again. You needed to stay, and that was it. And if you jumped off a building for me, lost your reputation, spent two years wandering over God’s green creation just to keep me safe, so you wouldn’t have to feel like that, like I did the night that bullet went into your chest, well—I just, I suddenly understood it. Understood you.”
On instinct, he tightened his grip to accustom Sherlock to the sensation. He waited for Sherlock’s hips to lower back down to the cushion, and then he began to move. His fist stroked up and down the length of Sherlock’s erection, a tight slide of hot flesh and capable hand. Sherlock’s hips remained where they were this time, but his mouth opened in a silent, relaxed ‘oh’. One arm migrated to drape over his head, so that the crook of his elbow was covering his eyes; the other hand drifted to his stomach and fisted the hem of his t-shirt, making it ride even higher up his firm stomach. A dot of a belly button revealed itself.
“You let Mrs. Hudson touch you. She kissed you on the top of your head the other day when she brought you those scones. You didn’t even flinch.”
“John, do you know that male octopuses have their reproductive organs in one of their arms? The male can detach it and hand it to the female for fertilization. Very convenient for her, I’m sure, very painful and traumatizing for him. They’re very smart, you know, octopuses.”
“John? What’s wrong?” he asked in an undeniably cute, sleepy voice that made John want to strangle him as much as cuddle him closer. He didn’t even wait for an answer before continuing on in that same sleepy voice. “I was dreaming about an octopus. It was trying to crawl under my door and ruin my experiment.”
“Is nice,” he mumbled, not bothering to push back his sleepiness in order to articulate his sentences properly.
“But why only these last two months? What has prompted this change in behavior? I hypothesized that you were ready to move on physically, but not emotionally, but I will admit it came as something of a shock when you confessed you felt you would never be ready. When we previously cohabitated, when you would develop all of these indicators, you would simply go ‘on the pull’, and you would be back to your cheerful, annoyingly affable self until whatever girlfriend of the month got fed up with me and ditched you, but that has not happened here for obvious reasons.”
Essentially both tasks are about Sherlock realising that John is NOT an ideal perfect man, but a human being with faults. And that if you want to love someone, you have to embrace those faults, too.
Well, I have just noticed something about said menu. For this, I have edited the original photo just a tiny bit:
Now, you might wonder: What is this epitome of male beauty, that countless artists (and gay idiots such as myself) have been swooning over for centuries, doing in a scene between Andy and his boss? Why is it sitting there between them as though it were the topic of their conversation?
Also, the shot composition is really, really reminiscent of the one in this infamous shot in ‘Sherlock’s’ THoB:
The real Sherlock, however, is not in a locked room, he is in a giant hall, out in the open, vulnerable on all sides. (Just like his heart will be at some point on the show.)
Sherlock has been a severed head (a head without a body, ie, a brain without the physical side) for so long; it’s high time he got his body back.:)
They draw all their erotic attraction from this little game of showing and hiding at the same time...like, you know, the whole subtext game that’s going on with Madame Vastra and Jenny, that is half-hidden and half in-your-face. Moffat is coquettishly playing with us, half revealing what he’s doing and half being coy about it.
Now we're going to look at a timeline. It's a timeline of all the medical expressions uttered on the show (from HLV onwards) in chronological order of their respective utterance. And lo and behold...They delineate an ESCALATING situation.
I know what you’ll say now: But how can we know it’s intentional? After all, this has nothing to do with some set designer carefully picking each and every item on set. This episode was filmed at Tyntesfield; the paintings were already there. It could all be a coincidence.
The ambassador [is] not as easy to recognise as a Sherlock!mirror, but I suppose she’s got the eyes and the cheekbones for the job:)
Needless to say that Clara’s transformation into the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ happens right above a tea pot (!):
And the three Garridebs outside the window (all three of them John!mirrors) correspond precisely to Sherlock’s aspects inside the room. They, too, are divided into John’s emotional side (Howard) on the left, John’s very essence in the middle (Alex), and John’s brain/intellectual capabilities (Nathan) on the right hand side.
) is a Frans II Francken, whom I hold in great regard. (I’ve written extensively about the use of his paintings on ‘Black Sails’.)
This story, however, this TV show is not told from John’s point of view, and TFP in particular is told from Sherlock’s point of view (he’s probably in a coma). So, here the story is flipped. It’s now Sherlock who’s contemplating how he fell in love with John. So, now the metaphorical ‘murder victim’ and the ‘killer’ are flipped.
Martyrs are always depicted with the instrument of martyrdom as their attribute for that very reason. Without these instruments of martyrdom (read: murder weapons!) you can’t tell anything about the martyrs. Without them you can’t say who they are, what they did, what happened to them and what it all meant. You need to pay attention to their attributes. They’re important!
What I mean to say is that Mofftiss and their set designers came up with this when they paired this ‘peach’ painting with the painting of a giant peaCOCK in the exact same set.
All of that...the three paintings with the peaCOCK-butt/peach-tons-of-grapes-and-possible-deflowering combo on the walls, as well as all the rest, leads me to conclude that Sherlock is looking back at the stag night with regret. He is sadly reminiscing, remembering, thinking of what he might have had if only he had dared to do something...But now he’s at John’s wedding, and his own brain (Mycroft) refuses to ‘be there’ for him, ie, function properly.
The other question on that sign is fascinating too: ‘Where do we come from?’ So where does Sherlock come from? At that precise moment and in general...
Sherlock is looking at three aspects of John, wondering which one it was that he fell in love with (=was metaphorically ‘killed’ by).
I cannot, for the life of me, imagine a film team trudging up and down those stairs, NOT noticing that painting. The traditional story of how Lawrence died is very well known. Even people with just a passing interest in art know this. It’s told by tour guides in museums, churches and cathedrals, and is among those favourite little horror stories relayed to tourists whenever there’s a Lawrence picture or sculpture to be seen. I can’t imagine a film maker NOT looking at this, realising who’s in the painting and, at least, thinking, “Hey, what a brilliant fit for Sherlock (and Moriarty). We could do something with this.”
If you’re interested to read what beautiful paintings were used on the truly magnificent sets of the show ‘Black Sails’, you can find my meta on them:
Some of us read chunks of series 4 as something that’s happening in John’s mind (‘John’s Mind Bungalow’ theory). Others read parts of it (or even the whole of series 4) as something that’s happening in Sherlock’s mind (‘Sherlock’s Extended Mind Palace’ theory).
And Moffat tells us here that it’s THIS ONE who’s Sherlock. This is the one who will survive. The real Sherlock. The one underneath. It doesn’t matter whose face he’s got right now, it matters who he is underneath. It matters that he is real (which in the case of ‘Sherlock’ will probably mean that he’s gay).
Oh, and take a look at the shot composition above, would you: A giant peaCOCK right next to a knight’s armour.
If you revolve around an actual ‘sun’ (=if you’re really in love), you don’t need a fake tan. You get the real deal when the ‘sun’ kisses your body. You only need a fake tan when you try to pretend in front of the world that you were touched by the ‘sun’, but you really, really weren’t.
I’m actually astounded by how well the foreshadowing works here: Molly (the John mirror No. 1) is looking at Sherlock beating himself from outside of the room.
But there are obstacles (for now). And Sherlock tells us in this scene what they are: In the conversation with his future relationship, Sherlock points out that it ‘sees but doesn’t observe’. In other words, John hasn’t really understood what Sherlock feels (yet). John sees things about Sherlock, but he doesn’t observe.
The ‘Apollo Belvedere’ is shown in the same frame as Clara again – remember that Clara was a blatant Sherlock!mirror throughout her entire run on ‘Doctor Who’ – while Clara is scouring the newspaper for what will turn out to be an ad for ‘Mancini’s’ (!). And to top it all off, she’s holding a Holmesian magnifying glass in her hand at that very moment.
This is an addition to the meta in the last chapter about the flowers and houseplants in the office of John's shrink in ASiP.
After Sherlock (unsuccessfully) tries to tell John, in the tarmac scene, that he wants John’s future relationship to bear his (Sherlock’s!) name (see above), we head off into s4, and get quite interesting insights into John and Sherlock’s relationship just by looking at their interaction with the ‘baby’ or any mentions of the ‘baby’ that happen around John and Sherlock.
This also concludes this meta collection on sculptures and art...for now. There are still sculptures and paintings on BBC 'Sherlock' that I have so far failed to identify, so I might add to this in the future.
“And if your eye causes you to stumble, pluck it out. It is better for you to enter the kingdom of God with one eye than to have two eyes and be thrown into hell.” (Mark 9:47)
And in case we wouldn’t get it the first time, they made sure the Apollo Belvedere turned up again in this scene here where Sherlock surprises Soo-Lin in the darkened museum:
If you take a close look at this painting, you will realise that in the lower part there’s a type of horizontal double line:
) that I read that whole patience grenade scene as a sex scene or rather as a pre-sex scene, what with its whole pondering of the question of whether the walls are too thin.;)
And since, in the tarmac scene, it’s John and Sherlock who are talking about the ‘baby’, we’re meant to understand that it’s John and Sherlock’s (future) relationship that they’re talking about.
The Perseus-and-Medusa sculpture in Anderson’s room in TEH isn’t the only Perseus-themed one on the show. Anderson has got a Cellini statue, yes. But in this s1 scene in TBB we were already shown an equivalent by another sculptor.
As I said in my Jung meta, the ‘Shadow’ is both the dark side of a person, but also the seat of creativity! It’s the part that puzzles stuff out for you and tells you surprising stuff you’re not aware of. Things you don’t know consciously, but which your unconscious is working out for you.
Now, if that doesn’t make your heart clench for Sherlock who, in a minute, will find out that John is about to propose to his girlfriend, I don’t know what will.
In the Osiris myth, Osiris is killed by his brother, by the way. Isn’t it nice that this sculpture appears right before Soo-Lin is killed by
And you know Mofftiss are even more likely to come up with that sort of thing than others. They are, after all, total teenagers when it comes to any vulgarity imaginable.
As I said above, the ‘baby’ metaphor works regardless of whether you assume s4 is real or fake. But since I tend to assume it’s all in Sherlock’s head, allow me this quick excursion: Keep in mind that I once proposed (
And those newspapers are just the icing on the cake. It doesn’t even matter if that HLV scene with Janine is real or not (it probably isn’t). In reality, some nurse could have put a newspaper on a comatose Sherlock’s abdomen. Or maybe John got so bored after months of watching Sherlock in his coma that he’s now solving crossword puzzles on Sherlock’s tummy.;)
How do we know? Well, we all know that John’s sexuality is basically dual: He has a heterosexual and a homosexual side (
So, ‘Black Sails’ basically hit the jackpot there when it comes to the humour of a sniggering 13-year-old disguised as high-brow art.
We see this sculpture in the left staircase shortly after Sherlock takes cover behind the ‘Drummer Boy’ (read: John), then gets up again and runs after the shooter.
The ambassador seems to hint at the fact that throughout this whole coma!time, they have been playing chess with each other (Sherlock’s two voices in his head have been arguing with each other this entire time).
I’m sure you can all do the whole google and wikipedia thing just as well as I, so I’ll just say that they are often associated with the Greek goddess Hera, with femininity, fertility and childbirth. Bingo!
She tells Sherlock that Sherlock ALREADY loves all aspects of John. That Sherlock’s entire attempt to rationally figure out what precisely it is that he loves about John is misguided because he loves all of John, all of it. The whole package. Eurus really is Sherlock’s Jungian ‘Shadow’ because she’s more than just some sinister dark part. As I tried to explain in my Jungian meta, your ‘Shadow’ is incredibly important. It helps you to creatively puzzle stuff out about yourself.
All of this is happening at the same time as the ‘Garridebs’ scene in TFP. That’s why the walls are red. That’s why there’s a ‘Chekhov’s gun’ hanging above them.
Also, keep in mind that ALL versions of Edward Ladell’s still life above feature heaps of grapes and even a wine glass rather prominently:
. And the fact that ‘Devil’s Foot’ is ultimately a story about defending your one true love and literally doing something that society thinks is immoral for that very purpose is interesting, too. Especially if you consider Holmes’ reaction in ‘Devil’s Foot’.)
Apparently, the restorers, in our time, chose not to restore the original state with the flesh-coloured leg. So, this brilliant little detail remains as a commentary on the foolishness of the Victorians and their furious, desperate, yet ultimately futile attempt to hide the sexual and the erotic that sometimes makes an appearance in art.
Sherlock is trying to keep it together in front of his brother and the world (ie, everyone at the wedding, including John himself). Sherlock is trying not to have an emotional meltdown there, to keep his self-esteem intact. Sherlock is trying not to hurt his own pride. Peacocks are all about pride. Voilà. That’s what the painting means.
So, we’re told here that the ‘baby’ (=the relationship Mary and John have) has vomited all over John’s ‘place’.
I think that’s a brilliant little parallel. And I’m pretty sure that whoever staked out the location for this ‘Sherlock’ scene knew exactly why this tapestry had to appear right at the beginning of it.
Now, you get the whole picture. The little Cupid is now aiming at both couples, Mark Antony and Cleopatra AND John and Sherlock. And Aphrodite, the Goddess of Love, is now blessing both couples from above with her outstretched hand.
Venus is fully naked and bare and yet also modest, covered and hidden. She inhabits both states at the same time.
And it’s certainly no coincidence that those two scenes immediately follow each other in TST: First we see Sherlock’s take on his love life. And then we see John contemplating his bisexuality and showing it (the flower) to the ‘baby’, but being afraid to show it to people when his body is out in public...
Have you ever been in a relationship that was so much of a literal horror show that it didn’t let you sleep at night – and not in the good kind of way...;)
I would encourage you to take one step further towards the abyss with me (or the gutter, whatever you would like to call it:)) and plunge yourself into its murky depths, ie, think about this scene in metaphorical terms.
As I said, we will probably never know what kind of painting it is and who painted it. And it’s perfectly possible that even my speculation about it being a flower still life is absolutely, entirely, 100 % wrong.
Again, I’m not saying that Edward Ladell meant it that way. I think Mofftiss and their set designers meant it that way and picked this painting for precisely that reason.
Not that Moriarty is literally Rosie’s father, no. But that the ‘baby’ (as a metaphor for the relationship) was ‘sired’ by Moriarty in the first place. I see this as incontrovertible proof that Moriarty is, indeed, behind John and Mary’s marriage.
So, is the flipped ‘Garrideb’ scenario that we’re in right now the one in which Sherlock jumped at the end of s2 and has been in a coma ever since? Does this mean Sherlock will somehow miraculously survive a 7-storey-fall? Is nothing about s3 real? Was Mary’s relationship with John never real?
) about ‘Sherlock’, I had pointed out that, in TBB, the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ sculpture meant that Andy (a John!mirror) was, at that moment; pining after Soo-Lin (a Sherlock!mirror). Andy (=John) was reprimanded here to stay away from Soo-Lin (Sherlock) by his boss (another Sherlock!mirror with dark curls and all).
In a broader sense, the phrase “You can turn me over now,” could also refer to this point in the show as a whole.
I have (somewhat inexpertly) added it on top of this screenshot, so that you get an idea of what’s going on here. (Please forgive my inexcusably bad photo-shop skills):
What if the ‘Garrideb’ scene is flipped and shown in an episode called ‘The Final Problem’ (the title of the original ACD story where Sherlock fought Moriarty and ‘jumped’ off the waterfall) because the ‘Garrideb’ scenario we are in right now is the one that happened in TRF?
Personally, I don’t think this is about a painting fitting a certain historical period of time, though.
What’s interesting in our ‘Sherlock’ context is that this is a sculpture of the ‘Venus pudica’ type, meaning the ‘modest Venus’ type...because she is covering her genitals with her hand. (It’s actually the prototype of all later ‘Venus pudica’ type sculptures.)
Armed with this new-found knowledge Sherlock can confront the next task. And as a lot of people have pointed out before me, the next task that Sherlock’s dark, yet creative inner ‘Shadow’ (Eurus) will give him is to work out how John will ever admit to his love for Sherlock.
I'm aware that the paintings in TAB are actually in situ at Tyntesfield. Nonetheless, with shot composition being as meticulously planned out in this show as it is, it's always interesting to ask why something ended up in a shot instead of being covered up or taken off the wall. (BTW, this is the very first meta I wrote in the 'Sherlock' fandom, so please be gentle.:))
I’m calling it: Throughout the entire show, we have never seen Sherlock so happy and so relaxed as he is the moment he holds that ‘baby’ (relationship) in his arms.
in an episode that is basically all about Sherlock having tried to martyr himself (ie, having tried to take his own life by ODing)...in an episode that is literally showing us his suicide attempt from the ‘inside’ perspective.
So, Sherlock basically makes the same face at the precise moment when the painting can be seen over Sherlock’s shoulder almost as though he were mirroring the Saint’s expression.
Yeah, did you think it was a coincidence that Sherlock had John’s phone (instead of his own) in that scene? Nu-uh.
John and Mary are holding the baby, so this is their (!) relationship we’re talking about, not John and Sherlock’s.
And then there’s, of course, the virgin Mary herself. But don’t think of our Mary, John’s wife. (John’s wife’s name isn’t really Mary, after all. And she’s more of a Mary Magdalene anyway.) This Mary in the picture here is Mary-the-mother who gave birth to Jesus (read: Sherlock). In other words, this Mary is Moffat&Gatiss.
So let’s put the three parts of that metaphor together. We have three paintings (in the same room!):
And all of that doesn’t just happen in ANY ‘Doctor Who’ episode. It happens in one of the episodes that have Madame Vastra and Jenny in them, the characters that are just basically Sherlock-and-John templates.
Hairs in your ears can mean: something natural is bubbling up from underneath your fake!heterosexual persona, yes. But it also means that your ears are ‘clogged’.
On the textual level she’s just talking about the photos, but since they’re photos OF the baby, we can probably assume that this refers to the ‘baby’ (=relationship), too.
The guy on the right is Zacharias, the father of John the Baptist. And who is the father of John to us? Yes, of course, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. He’s the
We know that the flower metaphor was plucked right out of TPLoSH where it stands for the same idea. And in the screenshot above, we see John playfully showing that ‘flower’ (idea of engaging with his homosexual side) to the ‘baby’ (=his potential future relationship).
So, what’s fascinating about Vermeer is that he is THE master of light, yet we never get to directly see any light sources in his paintings; most of his works depict indoor scenes, after all.
The other, the monstrous version, however, is the product of centuries of adaptations that added on their own ‘dead body parts’. It’s the version that can never be true to what the real Sherlock is all about. That’s why this one has to die.
It’s even more telling that the murderers in this episode are all women. Not actual women (because all of this is happening in Sherlock’s mind, remember), but parts of Sherlock’s brain that he associates with what we traditionally would call femininity. You can call it something else if you’re uncomfortable with that word, but the point is:
And don’t even get me started on the fact that the subtext is represented by a Venus statue here – by a statue of the Goddess of Love.
I mean, gun doesn’t have to cause their downfall, bring them death (or bring Sherlock pain). It saves Sherlock and makes him happy.
Mary is the one who has her hands all over that ‘baby’ (=relationship). She’s the one who holds the relationship in her claws:
Okay, dear reader, if you’ve made it this far, reading my ramblings about exotic fowl, I’m eternally grateful to you. You’re a hero. (Or maybe your dirty mind is just as much in the gutter as mine, seeing as you’ve just basically read one giant vulgarity about male genitalia posing as a serious post about oil paintings.)
wedding plan, continuing to make witty, razor-sharp quips despite all the pain he was obviously in, determined to put up a brave front.
So, consider this: Sherlock asks whether John could make a phone call to the ‘baby’. Obviously, this makes no sense whatsoever on the surface level of the text. Babies can’t answer the phone.
Her [husband] (the pessimistic, frightened side of Sherlock[=the traditional Sherlock Holmes character of old]) lets the ‘food’ get cold (aka is not *cough* ‘eating’ anything [insert Mofftiss' typical food=sex metaphor here, please.:D]).
So, the show used one of the most metaphorical painters of all time to show us...A GIANT METAPHOR in the show’s narrative.
Oh, and there’s also a nice shot of the sculpture’s, erm, shapely backside in case you’re wondering:
In other words, Soo-Lin (Sherlock’s mirror) dies when Zhi-Zhu shoots her. Sherlock, on the other hand, is shielded by a huge representation of John when Zhi-Zhu takes aim at him.
The show now takes a Vermeer (well, ostensibly a Vermeer, at least) and exposes the light source directly and openly: it’s an exploding star. You can see it; it’s right there...Just to, then, pull the rug from under our feet: the thing is a fake. We’re not seeing the full (real!) picture of Sherlock’s childhood yet.
But in ACD’s canon story 3GAR, we’re told the story from Watson’s point of view. So, Watson imagines himself in place of the metaphorical ‘victim’...literally...he is, after all, injured by Evans (the dark Holmes!mirror) in the *cough* ‘leg’. And then the good!Holmes aspect comes rushing to him and John sees the love in Holmes’s eyes. Yeah...That literally happens. Gosh, ACD!Watson, could you be any more obvious about what this is all about?;)
