“—it has to be a sign that there is such a link, maybe a—”
But Mycroft shakes his head. “No evidence is left behind, Sherlock. It disappears as soon as the reverse process takes place. It is a safety mechanism put in place from the first Mycroft, I am happy to say. The man must have been exhausted.” Mycroft shakes his head in sad sympathy. “He put these measures in place because any remnants, the slightest trace of another world’s presence makes the spot weaker still. It will be an entirely different matter, of course, should Doctor Watson here find it impossible to return. I am not quite sure of the protocol then, but I was given to understand unequivocally that there is a procedure as well and one which—”
Familiarity—that was the fisherman’s bait. Holmes was the spitting image of a character from another story, John’s own story. In it, he met a madman who has now become the single most important thing in his life. The thought of never seeing Sherlock again storms the gates of John’s barely contained consciousness. It’s as bad as that week by the sea two months after Bart’s rooftop, when the shock had finally lifted, letting anguish have its way with John and tear him to pieces. He wants to pause time and let his shoulders drop, let his face find shelter in his palms while he battles tears at the irony that he has finally found the one place he never wants to leave by coming profoundly away from it.
John stares, then outright gapes at the stranger.
Mycroft’s eyes bore into his brother’s with what seems a completely uncharacteristic sternness.
John nods slowly, trying to wrap his head around it. Holmes’s voice doesn’t give him much of a chance.
“The picture you are painting is exceedingly difficult to imagine.”
He turns his attention to Mycroft to whom Holmes has just thrown his half-commanding remark to elaborate on the rest of what he knows about their situation.
“What does he look like? Really.”
As much as they hope to find common themes, everything so far has been completely individual for each of them. In all fairness, Sherlock is so depleted of energy—John struggles to remember a time after a case to match this—that even if there was a link between their bizarre illusions he could have missed it. John’s contribution to their ‘research’ has been the peculiar feeling that whatever it is they’re looking for, it doesn’t want to be found.
—when the meaning of Holmes words hits him like a boomerang thrown from a friend right next to you.
“The savage had jumped to his feet at the sound of the door opening. He shot for it and gave a cry of utmost excitement, then bolted through, almost knocking sideways Doctor Watson. You too, Sherlock, were at the door in the blink of an eye for your reunion with the doctor. I detest any energetic movement and my physique forbids me to walk briskly, let alone jump, but I managed to get to the door just in time to observe the most uncommon sight.
“Mycroft,” the latter now says politely, yet warningly—the equivalent of Sherlock’s ‘Either tells us what happened or piss off!’
“Are you sure I can’t open it?” he asks Mycroft without turning back.
His head lolls forward and he props his forehead with his free palm, stays like that, face obscured for a moment from the piercing gaze across from him. Not that he minds, strangely, but for all the allowances he apparently makes for Sherlocks in their various reincarnations, John is essentially a private man. Plus, he needs to think.
“Yeah,” John says, reaching back in search for stability. “I can feel it too.” To say that the floor has started the cha-cha would be a gross understatement, and it’s as if someone’s slowly filling John’s headspace with the softest white flour.
“Each finite line has two ends, John,” he says quietly.
Beyond London, the entire world of the nineteenth century. John tries to get his head around that and completely fails.
The third phenomenon engulfs the other two. Silence. Silence of the kind John hasn’t experienced since the desert. Only when you hear it in London, it’s not something that inspires contemplation like it used to, back in Afghanistan. It’s ghostly, unnerving.
Oh God.
“I know your impulse to act is powerful, John.” Holmes is the one to reply to him, voice just a hint unsteady. “But you mustn’t do anything. You can open this ‘portal’ only from the outside. Am I right, Mycroft?”
-	The fact that Lynton and Lynmouth are known as ‘Little Switzerland’.
If only John could remember anything from before passing out. All he has are blurred flashes that don’t even appear to be real memories, but rather like the emotional memories from a dream. One from a very long time ago. The flashes are exactly the way people remember dreams—the feeling of it shimmering somewhere in there, for an instant, irrational and subliminal, but no tangible detail within the mind’s grasp.
Holmes shoots him a genuinely startled look and John will take
John storms ahead to where Mycroft is pointing. He has the swiftest fantasy that the door will open like an embrace ready to swallow him mid-flight. It stays closed, though. John stops abruptly in front of it, stares at the wood for what seems like an eternity, the high-pitched noise in his ears growing unbearably loud. He swallows a few times and swears under his breath.
“I would have preferred that he came here but that is highly unlikely. My brother abhors leaving the small quadrant of London within which he lives, works, and goes to his club. I should know within an hour at what time it’ll be convenient for him to see us.”
“You appear very highly-strung, Sherlock, but that is understandable,” he says. “Let us not argue. This is no light matter and we shall need all of our resources. Last night, I take it?”
John shrugs. “It’s just that she looks her age. Our Mrs. Hudson does her hair regularly. You know, cuts it and dyes it, and she does her nails. I don’t think I’ve often seen her without make-up, even around the house.”
-	The barber on Lee Road.
Mycroft’s voice is quite triumphant. “I was extremely lucky to have a confirmation that my theories were right very soon after I’d formed them.”
“What an extraordinary disguise,” the man says at last, his voice unhurried and impossibly posh.
John smiles sincerely. “Don’t be. You know that I’m,” he struggles for the right word, then finishes hoping he’ll be understood, “him. You don’t have to be careful with me.”
about the taste of it too. It’s been on his mind a lot. Fascination with Sherlock is nothing new, it’s more like this particular branch of John’s fascination...
The first taste is bliss. John lifts his eyes to Holmes to find his head has fallen back. He’s now looking at the ceiling, fingers drumming. John bites another bitter-sweet smile and looks at Mycroft Holmes, expectant.
“I know where it is. I didn’t ask for its location. I asked you to pass it to me.”
“No, you don’t! How could you! You were the one who…I can’t…” John closes his mouth, a sob forming in his throat like a mini-tornado out of nowhere.
-	The view from our room’s south facing window.
“Nope. It’s right there.”
“Well,” Holmes says to John’s bowed head, giving him a start. “What an unfortunate time to be alive,” he pauses, then finishes, “for my counterpart.”
“Naturally. Can I trouble you for a hot beverage? And perhaps a plate of biscuits? I had the most loathsome—”
“Their relationship isn’t amicable,” John explains. His words sound like the rustle of old lace.
He puts his empty glass back on the table and Holmes’s continuing quiet behind him helps with the final joining of the dots. What was happening with that tirade about the wonders of the future was John showing off, for once being in the lead.
“Was,” John specifies. “Didn’t work out.”
-	His tobacco.
21 August 1900
This morning he explored a little around the room in daylight—an old medical bag was impossible to resist—but everything he saw evoked so much the feeling that he was on the set of a costume drama that he found he was unable to really connect to his surroundings. The things that were material and real were the scents. They were everywhere in the room, unfamiliar scents, impossible to define as good or bad. John felt the way he did when he was little and his family visited a Bed and Breakfast, decorated in an old-fashioned style, or some older relatives’ homes.
If anyone does, John prefers not to be that person.
Sherlock Holmes
“What?” John asks.
“I can’t lose him again,” John says simply. “You don’t know what it was— You don’t know how it was.”
He’s so tired…
What John sees is this: sleek black hair with too much hair gel on. A long face with cheekbones that could rival Sherlock’s, but here, they are more pronounced yet less striking—the face is thinner. The paleness is the same, but unlike Sherlock’s, there are no signs that it ever abates to give way to a healthier skin tone. Someone should have a word with the man’s doctor, is what John thinks. At least the cigarette smoke has an explanation, because that there is a heavy smoker if there ever was one. Privately John feels a weight lift off his shoulders—thank God Sherlock didn’t slip into some horrible nicotine binge.
“No,” Sherlock conceded, then sighed again. “I am talking about the possibility that you did grow a moustache at some point in the past and shaved it recently—both of which I somehow managed to miss.”
“Take it yourself.”
“I am very sorry,” he says. “I didn’t mean to alarm you.”
“Criminals have changed, too, you know,” he says. “They’ve adapted, I suppose. He
“I rarely have the opportunity to say this, but your sentiment is appreciated.”
“Sherlock Holmes met Doctor Watson,” he says. “And decided to stay.”
“You are, my dear sir.”
I am sitting on a big piece of rock. The water is dark blue, Navy Blue, to be precise - the colour is aptly named. The surface is calm, from which you can deduce that there is no wind. It is eleven o’clock in the morning. I have heard Lynton being described as a charming place.
Before John has the chance to offer any response, Holmes gives words to his shambled thoughts. “I am not sure I should treat you entirely as I would a visitor.” He spreads his arms and looks about. “You are Doctor John Watson and these are the premises you inhabit, only at a different point of time.” Thinner lips than Sherlock’s—whose aren’t?—quirk as they prepare to close around the mouthpiece of a pipe.
Mrs. Hudson is barely out with the last plate and saucer when Holmes announces, “Brother Mycroft is on his way.”
-	The soap in our room.
Whatever skims over the other’s features disappears into careful neutrality. “Watson?”
. He isn’t sure how he feels about freely associating it with the word ‘attractive’.
John sits up. “The same thing happened again.”
“Come on, John.”
“The fellow was a savage. He spoke some peculiar, unheard of language that consisted predominantly of grunts and loud exclamations, but few of the latter did appear to be some sort of words. He wore clothes roughly made of animal skin and fur, and his hair and beard were indeed reminiscent of the fur of a wild animal. I was surprised that you hadn’t resorted to drugging him—from your account of the events, communication with him had been most difficult. He had fainted upon seeing the room which I understood to have been lit exceptionally well at the moment of his appearance. You had gathered a lot of your data while he was unconscious and then had gone on to raise him back to consciousness and to interact with him.”
“What was it this time?” Sherlock asks.
There is a lot John would like to say, but he doesn’t. He just nods curtly, straightens, and stands to attention. He keeps his eyes trained on Holmes’s face as does the other on his, and for those last few seconds the rest of the sights and sounds disappear.
“It is.” Mycroft nods. “I was told that once either man left the premises something quite final would take place, making it impossible for them to return to their respective worlds. I believe there is some sort of extremely sophisticated machinery involved.”
-	The third fisherman’s boat, right to left, as you come down to Lynmouth harbor.
“Mycroft’s comment upon arrival was enough for me to conclude he had obviously had some experience similar to this one or rather, had witnessed it here. The fact that I couldn’t recall it could mean many things, but one seemed the likeliest: that I had suffered a selective memory loss. You also remembered his words about a number of similar events taking place. Evidently, that incident hadn’t remained isolated.”
-	Mr. Wythe, the tobacconist on Church Hill.
“I didn’t mean now,” John says. “I don’t want to leave at all. Ever.”
“I know it is. So was the existence of the late professor. You can’t blame me for appreciating the irony, my dear Mycroft,” Holmes says drily. He suddenly sits up, humming with efficiency. “But let us consider the big picture, as you suggested. It appears that no matter what I do, if the reverse process is to take place, I shall forget all about this incident. The question that presents itself is: why you haven’t attempted to communicate any of that with me after the incidents. There were more incidents, yes?”
The first is a very thick curtain of cigarette smoke. That one doesn’t require much thinking: John is going to
“Did you expect me to say something else?” John asks.
“It was also then that I was able to put these bizarre occurrences into a wider context,” Mycroft is meanwhile saying. “I was given to understand that your humble abode, Sherlock, is ‘replicated’—meaning that there is an indefinite number of its varieties in existence. Just as there are varieties of you and Doctor Watson in different points of time, but always at the same place: here, this exact place. It appears that there are no two worlds containing the exact same versions of you at the exact same point of time.
John pinches his nose between his eyes. “Right, listen. We’ll have to work around the language a bit.”
I had resolved to wait for two more days before I wrote to you again, in the hope of there being some correspondence back from you finally on the way. I endeavoured to write  you this message only because I have some concerns that my words about the case in my letter from yesterday might be taken as a breach of the terms of your request. (Although I find ‘demands’ the more accurate word.)
“Well, you always were a bit trying, dear boy.”
“Do you think he and I have…?” He is trying to merge a few questions into one, whilst keeping a tab on rising discomfort. It’s not an easy job. “Do you think he and I have swapped?”
“Figuratively speaking.”
However, from what John has just heard, chances are he won’t remember any of it. Regret is a pale word to describe his feeling at the prospect but paler still is the regret itself, as it stands against John’s willingness to pay this high price for his reunion with his Sherlock.
John nods to himself curtly and pinches the bridge of his nose. He’s too tired for this.
“Hmm?”
24 August 1900
John gapes. He is about to protest that he wouldn’t go as far as calling Sherlock downright gorgeous, then he finds he actually would. Call him that. Sherlock gorgeous. Thankfully, Holmes continues, sparing John the humiliation of sitting there with his mouth open like a hungry chick. "You needn’t worry about me," Holmes says. "I can assure you that attractiveness is not even remotely a matter of concern for me—especially my own.”
“And you, my dear sir, and you. You are forgiven your lack of manners. This must have come as quite a shock.”
Now he is standing in the middle of the sitting room, taking it in with renewed curiosity.
He continues to speak, mentioning radio waves and mobile communication. Then a few significant medical discoveries, plus, naturally, the leaps pathology has made. He talks about means of transport, about synthetic materials, about data banks: weaponry, textile molecules, mud, ash…Holmes all but stops breathing; his face grows more and more stony. It shimmers with some animation only when John detours to say—with what he is sure is cloying fondness—that the existence of any of these data banks hasn’t stopped Sherlock from contributing to the world the most dull, audience-specific literary creations.
Mycroft Holmes takes a breath reminding John he should try some breathing as well.
John is bewildered for a second, then nods. His mobile phone. Earlier he whipped it out automatically to check for messages from Sherlock, explaining the room and the stranger. There was no reception and the display went dark right in front of John’s eyes—battery flat. He had charged his phone in the afternoon.
John looks at Mycroft, shaking his head in mute question and spreading his hands for emphasis. The response to his unspoken query comes from Holmes.
“And he has,” Mycroft replies.
The laughter that follows is entirely unexpected and almost silent; the sounds that do come out are deep and rumbling, and so like Sherlock’s—John’s Sherlock—that for a moment the floor seems to spin.
Then they both stilled, and that’s how they’ve stayed for the last hour.
, too…
“I guess we better go in,” he says, indicating with his head. “We’re about to go a bit mad, I’m told. No one would notice with you but I’d like to keep it private.”
“Correct,” Mycroft says. “The ‘portal’ opening is something that is not supposed to happen. The fault, however, occurs regularly.”
Holmes stares at him, right through him and John stares back with fierce earnestness.
John steps away, letting the man’s impressive form move past him on the way to the inner space of the room. He leaves the two brothers to take the armchairs on either side of the fireplace and sits on the small sofa that faces it.
John knows a diversion when he sees one, but he can also respect what he doesn’t understand. He nods, then sniffs and squares his shoulders. “Well, if you could find me some clean sheets and a second blanket…”
Sherlock. The second is the complete makeover their sitting room has undergone. There is some meagre light, weak and yellow, and under it, scarcely any pointers indicate that this is their sitting room at all. Even the fireplace seems sort of different, out of place.
“I wasn’t referring to you.” Mycroft sounds mildly irritated. “I was referring to myself.”
“But that means,” John interrupts, realization dawning rapidly. “I mean, if the computer seals the portal...Oh,” he backtracks, finding both sets of Holmesian eyes fixed on him. “A computer is a sort of machine that can perform incredibly complicated actions a million times faster than humans. So,” he returns to his starting point, impatient, “if it’s something to do with a computer, the creation of this portal, and if it’s sealed so it can’t be opened again, it means that having it open in the first place is…” John isn’t sure where he is going with this but luckily, he’s in the perfect company if he wants his thoughts finished.
Holmes looks as if he’s about to join him sitting on the bed. He’s clad in a comfortable looking dressing gown and has slippers on his feet—a little detail that puts John more at ease.
Mycroft Holmes takes out a handkerchief and wipes his face, then returns it to his pocket, carefully folded. He rests his large, bun-like hands on his legs, looks from John to Holmes—who is watching him, the very picture of barely contained mental force—and shakes his head.
The other man spreads his arms. “It’s very simple, my dear fellow. With all the resources that you describe, the police must be solving a great number of crimes. The crimes themselves must have become far more the kind perpetrated in the heat of the moment. Who would risk his future, knowing the chances of being caught are high? Who would plot a robbery knowing he would likely be captured on a series of images?
John would like to look around to see how on earth such a transformation could have taken place within the twelve hours he was absent. His brain, however, refuses to let go of the stranger. John takes him in, job made harder by the fact that his own eyes are seriously beginning to itch. He finds relief by randomly stretching his facial muscles on all sides, pulling odd faces as is his habit when tired. For some reason, his goggling provokes a slight start and a step back in the other.
“And then,” John says between breaths, “you said the theatres were full of gay people and well, can’t argue with that!” He goes on laughing for a bit longer, encouraged by Holmes’s grin.
“Yes!” John chirps, unable to help himself. It earns him a swift berating look. Mycroft suddenly seems a bit cross.
John doesn’t move but continues his journey of discovery by looking around. His amazement at how artistic the space seems becomes sidelined by a new realisation: that it is also, in essence, quite like their own sitting room.
-	The new cliff railway.
Holmes has been observing him with something almost indulgent in his gaze. He’s evidently read John like an open book and John has a stab of apprehension that there were footnotes on the pages hidden from him.
“I believe we were talking at cross-purposes just now,” Holmes says in a beat.
It is obvious that Mycroft has more to add, but he stops to take a couple of sips from his tea, watching his brother over the rim of his cup. Holmes puts the tips of his fingers together and places them to his lips, then proceeds to speak through them.
Will he ever see Sherlock again? John’s heart contracts as his mind vehemently recoils from considering the alternatives.
“Watson,” Holmes whispers, his voice the kind to send poets scribbling about velvet rose petals on an early morn. “Watson!” he exclaims and laughs, all poetry allusions dispelled by his rich, masculine timbre. He lets himself be pulled tight against Watson’s body, eyes closing. Watson is saying things, too, quite loudly, but it has all become background noise to John.
is written across his face in capital letters. Ironically, although this Mycroft doesn’t scare him either, John finds that for all his resemblance to a rather large penguin and his polite, slightly indifferent demeanour the man across from him makes him feel like a schoolboy who needs to watch his act.
“Well, women can vote, for one thing. Also, I don’t know...Divorce doesn’t leave you marked as damaged goods for life? People marry whoever they choose, mostly.” John crosses his legs, motions unobtrusive. “Being gay is fine, too.”
“Who are you?” he repeats quietly.
“You can’t have known.”
“Okay,” John says slowly. It’s not the time to play games, but when has timing ever been any concern of a Sherlock Holmes? John thinks back to Mycroft’s story, tries to recall as many details as possible. His memory yanks him further back, though, to the initial exchange between the two brothers. Something starts worming forward in John’s mind.
John swallows. His throat has gone dry.
“Sherlock,” he calls, then jumps at how loud his voice rings. The cloud of smoke has instantly invaded his lungs and John coughs, automatically waves a hand in front of his face to chase it away. “Sherlock!” he calls again when he hears a small noise from the kitchen.
“It is a trifling matter but my curiosity is well known—he is a remarkable looking fellow, then?”
Holmes has lifted a finger to silence John, for the first time a truly astonished look on his face.
“Wait, no, wait,” John cuts, uncaring about his bleeding manners. “Hold on. What do you mean if I find it impossible to return? Has everyone swapped places back so far?”
Instead of confusion at this inconsequential remark, Sherlock offers John a bashful look. His lips tremble into about five different shapes, until at last he speaks.
John looks at him sharply, wondering whether the ambiguous phrasing is a gentleman’s revenge in response to John’s vulgar turn of phrase. What he reads on Holmes’ face makes him feel oddly chastened.
that far back.
“I thought...How is it now? Is it not illegal? I thought people were persecuted for that sort of thing.”
“I know nothing more than you do, John. It’s more a question of paying attention to what you do know.”
Mycroft turns to Holmes. “Apparently you did cross from one world into another, brother mine,” he says, waving a finger at him. “Well, you understand how I use the personal pronoun ‘you’ here for convenience, for it was indeed a version of you. And you did meet Doctor Watson, resulting in your refusal to leave the do—I mean, to return. Your crossing was a serious offence in the world you were coming from. I imagine it would be in any! Think of the chaos, think of the effects on causality! But it was never in your character to consider such matters. You’ve always been so wayward, Sherlock, not to mention criminally blithe about the bigger picture. Naturally, these would be qualities all your versions would have.”
Sunlight is streaming into the room, but it’s a cold London autumn outside. Earlier by the window, when he was looking down at the unrecognizable slush that is Baker Street in the nineteenth century, John noticed the steamy breaths of some loiterers. Thousands of images have registered in his brain, he is sure. Images that will grow into reality; develop slowly in the darkened room of John’s mind like old-fashioned photographs in a tray.
Yet John’s is also a stream of intuitive perception; a vibe he can pick up just as animals pick up the scents of their home from miles and miles away.
Mycroft sighs. “Sherlock, close your mouth, dear boy. Doctor Watson, the communication I received was impossible to retain for proof. Not that I thought I’d ever be in the company of someone with whom I could share it. Nor that my word would be doubted, for that matter.”
was a far, far graver offence.
A pause. “Well,” Holmes says at last, shrugging. “If he was under duress, he is excused. I can imagine that the constant preaching in one’s own home, where a fellow is entitled to resort to the use of some recreational seven percent solution —”
The right corner of the stranger’s mouth twitches upward. “Most interesting. Just a moment ago you seemed aware of my name. I believe it should be my privilege to enquire about the name of a visitor in my home, but I shall oblige you.” He bows his head formally. “My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
John and his mum went to a posh do once, at his dad’s ex-boss’ house. Dad had been gone for over a year and his boss called John’s mum to invite her over for a little get-together. She took only John with her, worried that Harriet would misbehave. John was fifteen at the time, already mature enough to pick up that Dad’s old boss was a rich man whose wife was looking for help around the house, so it was more like a job interview—an opportunity for the wife to meet John’s mum and speak to her.
In the last few minutes of his impromptu presentation, John began feeling numb discomfort. Now, in the silence that follows, it transforms into acute tension.
The briefest hesitation, then a nod. John is about to ask another question about ‘Watson’ when a thought strikes him, draining the colour from his face.
“Is she what our neighbours across the English Channel call ‘a Madame’?”
Then they roll.
“Good! That’s good.”
Holmes acknowledges John’s gratitude with an unpretentious little bow of the head and opens the door, where he turns again. “Watson’s clothes should fit you.” The tone is perfectly even. “He is taller and of a heavier build, but I am sure something can be fashioned.”
“And what does ‘Watson’ look like?” he asks Holmes, failing to hide the irritability in his voice. He didn’t realize he was preparing for a beauty contest this morning.
John had had enough at a much earlier point in the proceedings, but he regains command of his vocal apparatus only now.
“Why not?” This elderly brother looks puzzled where the one John knows would look sarcastically, pointedly resigned.
“Hold on,” he says. “Wait. We’re going to visit Mycroft?”
to overwhelm him perhaps, for reasons of John’s own. He doesn’t have the time to pick them apart, but they pick themselves apart in that crafty way the psyche has when it manages to process something faster than any of the super advanced computing systems he just described to Holmes.
Holmes’s eyebrows are certainly more expressive than Sherlock’s, John will give him that.
Although Mycroft has declared his intentions to keep it short, the writhing of his backside on the cushion suggests settling in for the day.
With a cry of “Holmes!” the other John—Watson—rushes past, almost making John spin around his axis. On instinct, John follows the motion, turning his head to look over his shoulder. The two men are standing in a loose embrace, gazing into each other’s eyes, Watson’s face ecstatic.
“What?” John frowns. “How do you mean? Oh! No!” he exclaims. “She’s not…that. Most women in London wear make-up in the twenty-first century. It’s the norm.”
Holmes comes back into the room and sits in the chair across from John, all angles and liquid elegance. Sherlock occasionally wearing suits at home gets a whole new understanding from John—obviously no Holmes is sloppy in his appearance. John is sure this Holmes’s hygiene habits leave nothing to be desired, either. After all John can recall only a handful of instances when Sherlock smelt anything other than squeaky clean and subtly expensive.
“John…”
“Indeed.”
thinking about Sherlock—a difficult feat, additionally complicated by the person across from him who is both so like and unlike Sherlock.
John’s ‘er’ goes unnoticed just like the awkward cut of the sentence’s end. Holmes has gobbled up John’s every word and is evidently waiting for him to continue. John scratches his stubble, then decides to give him the whole picture. “He and Sherlock don’t get on,” he says.
That was until last night when they were having some amazing sausages. Sherlock said something about John loving brown sauce a little too much. John said that no, he didn’t, Sherlock said that yes, he did, there, he even had it on his face right there by his mouth’s left corner again, like a few nights ago. John let this blatant nonsense pass, took a breath, and as casually as possible asked Sherlock if that was why he was looking at John’s mouth.
“You and I both uphold pure reason and logic as the grandest ruler of the human mind. Yet we were both completely at a loss what to make of this man or the entire situation. Reason defied it and if there were some laws in play, we were not able to see them. We concluded this was beyond our powers of observation and deduction—there was simply too much data we had no knowledge of and no means to acquire that knowledge. You had tested under your microscope every single piece of material evidence of this fellow’s existence and none of it had given you the secret of the process producing this unprecedented occurrence. But before we had the chance to grow desperate, something took the matter out of our hands, and with some equally astonishing results.”
end—but considering the interesting affair that bathroom time turned out to be and his curiosity about Victorian John Watson’s wardrobe and personal belongings, John reckons he’s down in record time.
“Six years ago,” he begins, “I had a telegram from you, requesting an urgent meeting to discuss a very peculiar occurrence. I invited you to my home but in several hours I received another telegram from you, informing me that circumstances beyond your control had made it impossible for you to leave Baker Street. There was nothing for it but for myself to make my way over here. Upon arrival, I found you in a state of considerable agitation. It was evident that you hadn’t eaten or slept for over thirty-six hours. I am, let me say, glad to find that the periods between the event and your summoning my help grow shorter. It is as if, unbeknownst to yourself, you do benefit from the repetition of the same experience. But I digress.”
The other Sherlock purses his lips and nods. He’s rarely blinking. John suddenly has a powerful wish to look at him better.
John shuffles in his seat. “I’m sorry,” he says. “That it ever was. Not fine.” He feels stupid for saying it, but he’d feel infinitely worse if he didn’t.
Mycroft’s risen from his chair as well and is already looking at the door. Through the ringing in his ears John hears him order, “Go to the door, Doctor Watson, go! You must be ready and wait for them to open it, then be quick.”
“When you are an expert in your area to the extent in which I am, the only issue of prediction becomes the exactness of its accuracy. What else has changed?”
He can’t expect to be faring any better under the circumstances. No one wakes up one morning and on the way to the tube thinks,
The door closes with a soft click.
. In this case, that John is looking at a big, purposefully built TV studio set, or that the street has been transformed to serve as a filming location for a period drama.
He tries not to shuffle. His left thigh is perfectly aligned to Sherlock’s right thigh, like a drawing in a Geometry textbook.
Holmes jumps on his feet. “Lestrade! Good man! How is the inspector?”
It is not quite reflected in Mycroft Holmes’s frowning, majestic face.
John decides to call his new acquaintance Holmes, since it seems to be the way flatmates address each other in Victorian times. No wonder the era has its stiff, gloomy reputation.
moody. “He’s a good man,” he finishes.
“Yeah, but no one does it assuming you’d dive under the covers and shag each other senseless.”
John barks a laugh. “No such luck. Drugs are illegal where I come from. He can’t just have them lying about the house like you do, thank God. And he’s been clean for some time. At least I hope he has and he’s not lying to me.” Fear rears its ugly head. The ever-present, ever-suppressed fear that one day he will come back to find Sherlock drugged to his eyeballs, in spite of John and Mycroft’s combined best efforts. “And just so you know,” he adds with surprising spite, “I don’t preach.”
“Sorry, I can’t take credit for that. I was quoting Sherlock.”
“Get on?”
like when the mind is in stagnation.
Then there was the darkness outside, different to any darkness produced by a power cut. John is familiar it from Afghanistan. It’s complete lack of light pollution. The smell out there alone was enough evidence these are the actual bloody Victorian times. Unless there was a big horse parade near-by and the river Thames was flooding the entire Marylebone area, there is no way to have that combination of smells permeate the air. The kind of depth in the scent, too, that air has only when the ingredients have mixed in it for a long time, penetrated the bricks and mortar, infused into the trees’ bark.
Holmes turns his head to one side and squints at him suspiciously. “I detect irony. However, in the interest of truth, the thought has crossed my mind. I am surprised you gathered the essence of it so effectively, if somewhat crudely.”
I confess I continue to be exceedingly perplexed as to what constitutes ‘a damn good letter’.
Holmes doesn’t respond. John searches for something to say to break the awkward moment.
“How extraordinary! Is he a criminal?”
John forces his gaze to remain calm, open. Holmes turns slowly to the fire. His profile is that of a masterfully carved marble bust.
“Come in,” Holmes calls.
In all the years he’s known Sherlock John has muttered to himself a begrudging remark or two. He can’t help it. It pains him to see it all wasted on Sherlock: the nice scent, the fastidious self-grooming, the immaculate sense of style. The rich mop of curls and the lean legs, the exotic eyes that have the colour of a sodding lagoon, for crying out loud. Never forget Sherlock’s ridiculous lips, of course, which every mediocre writer would call ‘made for kissing’. Sherlock’s mouth is rivalled only by his stupid cheekbones. Even Irene Adler commented on those and she has got to have seen it all.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes?” They say at the same time, then mirror each other’s confusion again.
“Excellent!” Holmes cries. He watches John with glowing eyes, pride evident in his features, and John feels himself flush stupidly.
“I don’t want to forget,” John tells him softly.
“No.”
Holmes brings the same finger to his lips, as it seems to be his habit. John can hear the clock ticking.
Holmes has folded himself up in his chair, knees to his chest, resembling a big, quite beautiful insect. His eyelids are half-closed, but John makes no mistake in thinking him drowsy or indifferent. He waits for him to say something as well. Eventually, when no one speaks John shuffles in his seat.
But the other’s eyes are picking him apart and John is awash with inner quiet. He stands still, patiently, by a force of habit—after all, this kind of scrutiny is an integral part of his everyday life. When the eyes return to his face, however, they are so glazed it’s as if they’ve stopped seeing him. Something in them arrests John’s breath. The room seems to grow rapidly chilly. He swallows.
“There’s not much to tell. And I’m not particularly looking forward to hearing your comments about it, especially if it turns out to be true. In addition to proving that I
“I can predict with some certainty,” he says musingly, still perched on the table by the window, “that in your time criminals can be caught by the simple location of their fingerprints, coupled with producing a match for them from some sort of special archive for fingerprints.” The light hits Holmes’s back now and gives him a glowing, platinum outline of dust. John gazes at him and swallows his disappointment that once again he is not going to shock Sherlock Holmes. He lets his admiration take over; Holmes reads it on his face and gratifies him with a smile that starts from his eyes.
Holmes lowers his head as if he is trying to take a better look at John, eyes almost silver. Silver, like the clasp of a pearl necklace.
John brings Mycroft his cup, then returns to the table for his own. He stirs it carefully, the rare delicate clunk of the teaspoon touching the walls of the cup strangely soothing in how material it sounds. He then comes back to his place on the sofa.
He feels a wave of nausea as sudden pressure booms inside his head, then terrific weariness replaces it. That same symphony of tiredness he felt when he was coming here, that same ode to the bone-deep need to sleep. The door seems to move closer once again. John blinks and sways back on his feet, hand instinctively reaching, reaching…
“I missed you,” Sherlock says quietly into his ear. “That’s…what I wanted…I missed you.”
“Nothing more than offer the meaning of ‘oh kay’.”
“Why did you call Mycroft?” he asks to change the subject.
He burrows himself into his chair.
A strong scent of coffee hits him and he swivels in his chair. Holmes is filling his cup. “Pray continue,” he says.
-	Doctor Roberts, the local physician.
“Yes.”
“Sadly, no. I was rather counting on your providing us with an explanation. You come from the more advanced era after all. But judging by your startled reaction these events are a novel experience for you as well.”
“I’m fine, I was speaking figuratively. Ears are ringing a bit, but I can hear you loud and clear.”
John’s finding it hard not to go cross-eyed. He strains his neck and tries to make Sherlock’s face appear in focus.
The insight takes a quarter of a second, but it’s enough for Holmes to throw him a glance of mild reproach. John doesn’t care. He can bloody well roll on the floor and throw a tantrum if he wants. He can’t see anyone in his shoes doing much better.
“I intend to think,” he says. “I shall need silence for that and, I’m afraid, at least three pipes. My suggestion is that you retreat to Watson’s—”
“And I’m not leaving the blanket territory, either. So there.”
Worst of all, maybe irreversibly, too.
Holmes’s face lights up. “Ah. I assumed you simply replied in agreement to my request to explain.”
Mycroft moves his interested gaze from his brother’s face and looks at John. “Because my source was very reliable,” he replies.
May I return to Baker Street?
“I believe you are kindly trying to avoid the repetition of the term ‘bloody gorgeous’ to spare me unpleasant feelings?"
“You can say that again,” John murmurs tiredly. The thin figure across from him leans forward with some mild concern. “Is your hearing suffering, my dear sir?”
“What?”
John presses the heels of his palms to his eyes. “Something like that, yes.” It’s too early to jump into elaborate descriptions of twenty-first century social etiquette. “Let’s just do this,” he offers. “You call me John and I’ll call you Holmes, if that’s all right.” John doesn’t say that he can’t bring himself to call anyone else Sherlock. It feels too early to be speaking at all.
Dear Watson,
The fireplace is an empty, bottomless, blood-curdling black.
Very sincerely yours,
John looks around, even lifting himself up on his elbows, until he spots the phone.
Mycroft looks between John and his brother with hooded eyes. “Because, as I understand it, this is an unusual, fragile place. Something occurred here that was not supposed to happen. An occurrence with a lasting effect that turned this place into a spot where the very fabric of the world is permanently weakened.”
A few more sips of brandy and the shift he experienced earlier when he just knew that this was Sherlock Holmes and that he was telling the truth doesn’t seem so intuitive anymore. His mind must have put together the evidence but he was too dazed to follow its work. The complete makeover of the room—no wallpaper can dry in a matter of hours at this weather, even if a whole brigade of builders worked on the room at high speed. Beyond that, it is impossible to move the fireplace without structural changes to the house. You can’t shift a chimney fifty inches to the right just like that.
“But look at this!” he exclaims. “You have infected me with your softening. It simply won’t do! We need to focus and keep our minds free of anything illogical. Brother Mycroft is likely to arrive in protest at being driven out of his comfortable nest. I am rather shocked by his decision to leave his premises at all—he has been here just once so far. But I did say the matter was urgent. For us to present ourselves in a state of emotional upheaval would be extremely trying for him and I can assure you, as a result, for us as well. While much like your Sherlock my brother isn’t deliberately unkind, he can be surprisingly—Ah, but here he is!”
Guilt. Not just at the prospect of overwhelming one of the greatest minds of his time, of all times. Guilt at
“As I’ve said, 221B Baker Street changes in appearance much as you do, but the location remains fixed and is absolutely essential for this whole process. I am afraid that I was unable to understand everything; some details and explanations, not to mention,”—Mycroft lifts his eyes to the ceiling as if he’s about to quote the exact total of the Government’s budget for the next year—“terms such as ‘decoherence’ seemed abstruse even to someone with my mental faculties. But from what I gather, this location is some sort of a door between the worlds; a ‘portal’ was the word in use. Ah, but I see that at least this is a concept Doctor Watson here is familiar with!”
“How?” Only the ‘o’ is audible.
“Yeah, but you’ll need your phone for that.”
It’s not the face that draws John’s eyes though. He gulps quietly, averting his eyes from Sherlock’s throat and remembers how they woke up from their collapse.
“So, it’s because of all that we’ve all come to exist,” he says, half-asking.
“Less than a month after the first incident,” he begins once more, “I had already turned the matter over in my head a thousand times. I had exerted myself so far as to travel to Greenwich. Greenwich, Sherlock! That should tell you how perplexed and uneasy I was. All my enquiries and research showed the idea of a parallel world to our own to be utterly preposterous. I could have dispensed with some of the looks I received when I discussed my little theory, as diplomatically as I could, with some of the most prominent scientists of the land. Yet I was unyielding—to my mind, the hypothesis was not to be dismissed lightly. Why shouldn’t there be another world like ours? And why only one?”
Ever since they were found in their symbiotic state of bodily existence, they seem to have done nothing but recover and redefine the boundaries of their personal space. This situation here, for instance. Sherlock was slouching on the sofa, feet up on the coffee table. John wandered around the room, then chose to sit down next to him, so close that he made Sherlock sway into the dip John’s drop produced. Their shoulders bumped, then settled on merely brushing. John, too, put his feet up on the table. In a minute, he slid lower. In another, Sherlock followed, doing the same.
Holmes hums his own agreement in turn, but John can see his thoughts are somewhere else. “Not the owner of the gentlest character your…Sherlock, I gather?”
Sherlock is looking at John as if he were the only man in the world. Which, seeing that he isn’t even the only John in the room, is a pretty great feeling. Everything seems to happen in slow motion, each millisecond crammed to the brim with content. Sherlock’s lips part and start forming a monosyllabic, the one word John realizes he has bitterly missed hearing in Sherlock’s voice.
“That isn’t so, my dear fellow. You are too kind trying to save me the embarrassment. Yesterday you introduced yourself by your first name, when you still thought I was an acquaintance of your friend. Before that, upon entering the premises, you were calling my first name. It’s something Watson doesn’t do even—” Holmes cuts himself off abruptly. “He does it extremely rarely,” he amends. “From everything I’ve gathered about your relationship with my counterpart I should have concluded this was not over-familiarity on your part. Therefore it must be the custom of the era.”
“Look,” Holmes says and takes a step to the left. John’s eyes fall to the spot his body was obscuring.
The previous evening all his plans to explore the bedroom where he was to spend the night came to nothing. He had hardly entered the dark, small space when he felt as if lead was pouring into his eyelids and feet. Holmes brought up a spare blanket and directed John to search for clean sheets in an old chest. It was barely outlined in the corner—the sole sources of light were two candles, one in the hand of each man. Then, with a whisper of goodnight, there was just the one flickering flame. John turned around in the middle of the room, shadows dancing on the wall and the odd creak following his movements. Everything felt too surreal to contemplate; added to John’s exhaustion it sent him out of his clothes and under the blankets in a matter of seconds, sheets forgotten.
“Is this okay?” he asks, unnecessarily. It’d be nice to hear a compliment from a Sherlock, no matter which one.
He pauses, taking in John’s expression. “But I appear to have slipped into unnecessary detail again,” he finishes with an apologetic bow of his head.
-	The smell of nutmeg in the wardrobe in our room.
“He has told us. If you apply my methods you will find that you know it, too.”
John thinks this through.
Finally, John speaks about DNA.
I remain, as I shall always be,
There is a ring of finality in Mycroft’s next sentences.
“It was easy to conclude by your reactions,” Holmes continues, “that the occurrence was something completely unheard of in your time. Therefore, you couldn’t provide me with useful data. I had the idea of coming into your room to examine your clothes more closely, but I was convinced that the solution of this particular puzzle would not be contained within the molecules of leather. I am still of the mind to put all of your belongings through my modest chemical laboratory, as well as, if you permit it, some samples of your hair and epidermis. But doing that would hardly inform us about the exact mechanics of the processes that have effectively exchanged your and my Watson’s places. No, no; my powers thrive on facts and these are not in great supply here.
“It’s all right,” he mumbles, rubbing his eyes. “I’m not used to hearing my surname while I’m sleeping. Makes me automatically go into army mode.”
“That much is obvious.” Holmes’s voice rings clear, out of the blue. During Mycroft’s monologue, he had looked almost catatonic in his immobility. His eyelids are still half-closed but it’s as if an electrical current is humming under his skin. “You enquired if John had left the premises,” Holmes intones, “which was a rather singular enquiry to put forward as a starting point of your assessment of the situation. It had to be of the utmost importance.”
Mum was so nervous. She had put on her best dress and her best, her only good necklace, the pearl one that still carried the faintest scent of Mum a year after she was gone. Her hand had been constantly on the necklace that day, touching it, readjusting it so that the clasp stayed at the back under her hair, worrying the little pearls. To this day John remembers the necklace suddenly dissolving under her fingers, pearls raining down and hitting the marble floor, loud and random, quick as a flash on their individual journeys.
The other remains silent, while he draws on his pipe. “No,” he says at last. A moment ago, the match’s flame illuminated his narrow face and high brow—orange imprints of those are still dancing in front of John’s eyes.
“What? Oh.” John has to pause. He lifts his eyes, trying for an earnest eye contact to soften the blow—no one likes to be compared to someone unfavourably.
A quick, lopsided smile was John’s consolation prize from this conversation.
John is sure his
“Believe it to be real, dear sir,” Mycroft announces solemnly. “Believe it to be real. I have it from a trusted authority after all. He told me that it was imperative the person who crossed from his native world into another did not leave the area of the ‘portal’.”
, feels like the biggest, most disturbing clue.
Silence settles in again, both men looking at different corners of the room. John’s head is a swirl of questions, memories, shards of fragile emotions, and around it all Sherlock runs like a thin golden band.
The view outside continues to gnaw at John’s common sense like everything else has done, and his brain persistently provides associations that are clear and
At least John didn’t have to wonder whether
The thought stirs John into action.
“Not all of us are just brawn, no brain, John.” There it is. “I can solve a case from under this blanket and quickly, too.”
hangs in the air. In a moment Holmes continues.
John realizes he has been holding his breath. He releases it with a quick nod of understanding.
John’s smile stretches, slow and bitter-sweet. “That’s more like it,” he says. “I was getting worried you were too nice.”
Speaking of branches, once down that road the phantom memory of the taste of Sherlock’s mouth—the impossible memory—has been spreading out to imagery of their arms wrapped around each other in a loose embrace. This is the most bizarre thing because the images have that dreamlike paradox to them, the one where you know the person in the dream is you yet it is also an entirely different person. John hasn’t shared this specific peculiarity with Sherlock.
“The replicas,” Holmes murmurs. His eyes are incredibly intense. In his peripheral vision, John has caught him casting slanted looks at him, but now all his attention is on Mycroft. “Professor Moriarty was my invention. How fitting!”
It’s John’s turn to frown.
He turns and is about to make a comment on how empty the street seems, compared to what he’s used to, when he spots an object the associations of which have nothing removed about them. A cold hand seems to clasp around his throat at the sight. The drawer of the desk by the window is left open just enough for the glint on the syringe glass to catch John’s eye.
Damn him.
Holmes nods.
John nods. This is playing for time—no Sherlock would ever repeat the obvious.
The other Sherlock is talking still. “It is a piece of extraordinary machinery that produces light of an unprecedented nature. It would have been most remiss of me not to observe it and draw my conclusions about it. Although I confess that I wish I had the opportunity to examine it more closely.
I sincerely hope the lists will suffice and I will be permitted to return. I am prepared to make a case for each item on both lists, but I thought I should do so in person. In the meantime, I hope you have helped yourself to my tobacco. Unless you had a different reason to handle the Persian slipper? Its distinctive scent is unmistakable on the paper you used. You either took a long while dwelling what to say to me, absent-mindedly touching the sheet, or your fingers spent an equally long time stroking the slipper before you wrote back.
John’s having none of it. “I’m telling you: it’s fine. They’re fine. Your Watson has stayed in, he must have.”
“No,” he manages to say. He tries to clear his head and grasps at straws. “Why do you need it anyway? You’re not supposed to work for at least another few days. You’re weak as a kitten. How do you plan to run around London exactly?”
I am writing from the room in the inn. It is rather cluttered. There are six pieces of furniture altogether. I can list them on request. The room is approximately 20ft wide to 13ft long. It is nine o’clock in the evening. I am wearing my dressing gown and am currently positioned sitting on my bed. The weather was the same today as it was yesterday and the day before. Would you like me to offer more details on it?
“On your other side. You know, the one closer to you than I am.”
at the exact same time as Holmes murmurs, “Incurably romantic!” under his nose. John tuts. “I don’t care what you think. I reckon chances are some sort of subconscious link takes place that makes you contact your brother each time.”
Holmes stays quiet after John puts the virtual full stop on his last sentence. All the while he did ask John questions, pertinent ones that showed he was following him better than most people who actually live in the twenty-first century would. It wasn’t hard to spot the directions Holmes’s mind was going—that formidable brain was sieving through all the data and arranging it according to its relativity and usefulness to crime solving.
John realized his psyche would have to work overtime on suspending disbelief, so he abandoned his attempts to comprehend an entirely different reality and just got on with it. He dresses promptly, taking care of his morning needs to the best of his abilities, and he turns up by the breakfast table at a reasonable hour.
“Fascinating,” he says.
Holmes begins listing on his fingers. “Fewer crimes, fewer unresolved crimes, fewer interesting crimes, and when he finally does come across a mystery stimulating enough, where is deduction? Where is the exercise of the brain? Most of the work is completed by machines, I gather from your words. No, no; I see the moral advantages of such a world, but I am a selfish fellow and would not wish to be part of it myself.”
“Inside,” he groans and tries to push Sherlock out of the way, whilst holding him by the elbow.
The windows were open; a chill swept into the room, but no one wanted to get up and close them. A gust of wind made them shiver—no one wanted to get up and fetch a second blanket, either. Sherlock had been using the one they already had as a cushion. He pulled it out and threw it over both of them, tucking himself in, while avoiding John’s eyes. For the purpose of acquiring more than three square inches of the precious cover John shuffled even closer to the warm body next to his and tucked himself in as well.
Sherlock’s experiencing the same. Predictably, it’s driving him up the wall. He is in dire need of finding an outlet for his frustration so John has let him vent in one of his favourite ways, namely holding his brother responsible for any eventuality in the known universe. He now throws a look to his left where Sherlock’s stretched right next to him on the sofa and sure enough, there is a scowl on that expressive face.
Sour and defensive. “Of course I did. I’m programmed, aren’t I?” Sour, defensive
After his little expedition to familiarize himself with the room—Holmes obligingly replying to the odd enquiry about various objects—John sits himself at the table and looks across.
-	Mrs. Hudson’s niece’s name.
John thinks hard, eyes not leaving Holmes’s face, but not quite seeing it, either. This
“Professor? What professor?” A bulb lights up in John’s head. “Moriarty? He was a nasty, unscrupulous criminal in a…” John waves a hand, searching for a suitably insulting finale. “In a fancy suit.” It’s not what he hoped for.
“Mrs. Hudson!” Holmes explodes, shooting out of his chair and crossing the room like a cheetah. He yanks the door open. John whips his head around and finds that true, it
“Tell me.”
John swims out of his reverie to look closely at Mycroft and notices an air of strain around him as if recollecting the whole episode represented an almost physical effort. His eyes are piercing and vibrant, though; the only thing at odds with his body and his demeanour. They aren’t leaving his brother’s face.
It has been an exceptionally long day.
Holmes has started shaking his head halfway through John’s sentence.
“I don’t think it’ll be necessary. I was wrong about you. You have Watson’s colourful turn of phrase, only yours is not restricted to your writing. You do write?”
—murmurs. “Over here, there’s a good fellow.” He helps John into a comfortable chair quite in time to prevent John from fainting for the second time in his life.
There is one other, secret discovery he’s made.
“Please.” Sherlock’s voice seems to be emitting from his bones, judging by the low vibrating sensation John experiences where their elbows touch.
Their eyes meet over the rims of two lifted cups. “No,” John agrees with a smile.
It’s odd to hear his name said by Holmes. John isn’t a great detective himself, but he can sense that Holmes finds it odd, having to call him John. Odd, and somehow…
-	Their pork stew.
John takes a sip and swallows, eyelids fluttering. “Oh, this is good,” he murmurs, takes another sip. “Nothing like the blends at Tesco’s.” He opens his eyes. “It’s a shop, Tesco’s. A very, very big shop. Food and drinks from all over the world, pretty much anything you can think of. Actually, probably a bit more than you can think of.”
Sherlock’s face turns sour. “No such luxury. Mycroft’s in there.”
Mrs. Hudson, bless her. Carrying a tray with some cups and a tea pot! She emits a frightened, vaguely disapproving sound and takes a step back. Holmes grabs the tray from her hands, marches to the table where he all but slams it down, and returns to the door.
Holmes’s cigarette has frozen halfway to his lips and his jaw hangs a bit lower. He finally speaks.
He remembers the creak of a door.
Holmes looks sharply at his brother, eyes widening in amused incredulity. He seems poised for a smooth, ironic return, but John has no time for this.
Another crease, this time between Sherlock’s eyebrows. His eyes open wide.
“About that,” John mumbles and lifts his head. Sherlock’s face swims in his vision, but he catches it between his hands. For a moment, his face is in high-definition and it makes John’s mouth go dry. “You…I must…Won’t ever do it probably but I know you’ll forget so…”
was true or imaginary.
“A voice spoke to me,” he says. “But not in the profound spiritual sense that would have gained me some rather special honours in certain quarters. I could hear it in my head through the hand of your counterpart who placed something in his palm over my right ear. It was most remarkable! The man to whom the voice belonged was without a shadow of a doubt another version of me. We were very pressed for time. I was quickly told about the initial incident, amongst other things.”
“You can’t know that.”
Holmes smile is too brief yet unmissable, like a silver flash across an indigo sky. “I was wrong. Similarities present themselves for those who can see them.”
“Okay, good. Er, thanks,” he mutters. “So?”
Holmes’s eyes glisten with the light from the fire. “That,” he says after some consideration, “sounds most appealing.”
He can’t help it. He challenges Holmes, reciting with punishing detail the exact damage the man is doing to himself, paying special attention to the detrimental long-term effects on a person’s mental faculties. John can’t say how advanced science was on drug use in Victorian times but he is pretty sure the data he is offering Holmes has to be new. He has the uncomfortable suspicion that drug use is not even a crime in this era.
“Oh, you…You called him, then?”
“No,” he says, shaking his head, quickly, vehemently. “No.
Sherlock squinted at him. “No,” he dragged. “You’re right. It wouldn’t suit you. You’ll look like someone out of a gay porn film from the seventies. Oh, for God’s sake, John, don’t gape! Still… A moustache would make for some very informative reading of your moods.”
Mycroft Holmes continues, voice almost reverent.
Sat in the armchair across from the one John’s occupying, the other Sherlock is nursing his own glass of amber liquid. John casts him a furtive glance only to catch one in exchange, albeit much more unfazed. Now that the windows are wide open, the air has cleared enough for such nuances in looks to be noticeable. John brings his glass to his face and keeps it under his nose to counteract the scents that have drifted from outside. In hindsight, he should have known Victorian London would stink, what with the sewage system, the horses’ manure, and the general standards of cleanliness of a large portion of the population. Yet he can hardly berate himself that his hindsight did not stretch
Mycroft Holmes raises an eyebrow, blinding John with the flash of momentary resemblance between him and his brother.
John suddenly feels impish. “Meaning he’s manly and bloody gorgeous?”
Holmes takes a drag from the pipe he was filling up while he spoke. He inhales and blows out the smoke in quite a exaggerated fashion.
Mycroft Holmes chuckles. “Sherlock has all the energy in the family, but hardly any of the patience.”
“Now, now, none of that.” He pauses. “The pleasure was all mine, my dear…John.”
They look at each other for a few more seconds and John experiences the return of that feeling of unease, almost physically tingling up his limbs. His mind is marshalling all its powers to produce an explanation for all these oddities put together. For some reason, the very air outside, the way the city vibrates, or rather
He takes a deep breath. “Right,” he says briskly. “Do you have… Not a theory, you probably hate theories. But any, I don’t know, ideas about what’s going on? Is there anything we can do?”
“Why don’t I remember any of it?”
John’s shoulders relax and with that, a head rush accosts him, making him sit back on the edge of the bed.
Yours,
It seems that in 1895 brandy is just as restorative as it is in the early twenty-first century. John wonders about which tense he should use here, while he’s sipping through a fog. A quarter of an hour ago, he was in the early twenty-first century, so that is technically the past, but he can’t quite bring himself to formulate the sentence: ‘It seems that in 1895 brandy is just as restorative as it
What does Sherlock always say? When you’ve eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how mad it might seem…
Stunned silence follows his unexpected statement. Unexpected and yet… John was never a fatalist but it feels like the world finally fits with something he’s always felt, right at the outer edges of his mind, whenever he’s thought about how…un-ordinary his life has turned out to be. He opens his mouth.
John frowns. “I did. I mean, I told you. It means ‘fine.’ Or ‘good’.”
Oh God, John
Holmes gets up from the chair and leans back on the fireplace’s mantel, facing John. There is tension in his pose that mirrors what’s happening in John’s chest.
Mycroft lifts his chin and his eyes, the colour of steel, glint. “Naturally, I knew I was of perfectly sound mind. What I had experienced—what we had all experienced—was inexplicable as a whole and in some particular aspects, but real without a shadow of a doubt.”
“Oh, for God’s sake!” Holmes throws his arms in the air, then dives back for his chair. “Tell us what happened, Mycroft!”
“How do you know?” John asks more by habit than because that’s his priority question at the moment.
Intimate. That’s how calling John by his first name feels to Holmes—too intimate. Part of Holmes relishes it, but another feels very awkward about it. He keeps referring to the other John as ‘Watson’, not as ‘John’. They were so repressed in this era, it’s legendary. John would die if he had to lounge about at home dressed in a bloody three-piece suit. There were certainly no tracksuit bottoms in the wardrobe upstairs. Oh yes, Victorian manners and all that—Holmes must call the other man ‘John’ very, very rarely, probably in some very private situa—
“Jesus!” John exclaims.
-	The pillow on your bed.
John can’t quite tell how long it takes for him to process this, but when his brain considerately prods him to breathe, the oxygen stirs him into action. His neck cracks alarmingly as John turns to stare at Holmes. Just in time to see his glazed eyes animate—he’s looking at Mycroft with an expression John can only call ‘flabbergasted’. For the first time John sees this Sherlock Holmes utterly lost for words.
John starts giggling, head still bowed.
“His prayers have not been answered, however,” he continues. “Or perhaps I should say were not? Will not be? It is hard to choose one’s correct tenses in such turbid waters.”
“Just so you know, Sherlock is not...He doesn’t have your manners and he can be a bit rude. Very rude, actually. But he isn’t unkind on purpose, and your Watson should know the deal by now so I reckon he’s all right. Plus Mrs. Hudson is a diamond; she’ll take good care of him.” John feels a stab of jealousy at the quicksilver thought:
Historians certainly got something very wrong, John thinks. His brow wrinkles with effort.
“Yes,” John murmurs. “No. Yes.”
“It is all very well for you to make such remarks, Mycroft, when you obviously have the advantage of me. You are in possession of some facts that I am not, so perhaps you will choose to enlighten me instead of questioning my mental faculties.”
“Is that it?” he asks. “We just sit here and pray...what? The same thing happens again?”
Mycroft leans forward, eyebrows wriggling almost playfully. Clearly, the ability to compartmentalize is an inherent shared trait in the Holmes family far and wide—the elder brother seems just as temporarily oblivious to the practical repercussions of their wretched lives as is his younger sibling.
“Yes,” Mycroft confirms. “Five altogether; this is the sixth. Nothing could be learned from them that I hadn’t learned from the second one—it really was most fortuitous that I was able to communicate with a version of myself from such an advanced point in history. The rest were all from a point in the past. Doctor Watson here is only the second man coming from what we can call ‘the future’. But to answer your question, Sherlock, what good would it have done to try and persuade you to believe in the existence of other worlds, of other versions of you? Those incidents, of which you lacked any recollection, did not harm you in any way. You seem to have it ingrained in you to contact me whenever they occur, and I have kept an eye on you and your home, of course.”
“Let’s sit down. There is no reason why we shouldn’t make ourselves comfortable while we speak.”
Mycroft Holmes takes a last big sip from his tea and places the cup on the small table by the armchair, then shakes his head heavily. “The fright you gave me then, Sherlock. Never have I had my entire life, all my life-long habits and routines, my orderly mind so turned upside down. And in a mere couple of hours! I had to rush and call for Mrs. Hudson to send out for Doctor Perkins immediately. He arrived quickly, thank heavens, and diagnosed you both to be in a state of nervous collapse. He gave you each something for your nerves and sent you directly to bed.”
Holmes looks torn between laughing and scowling.
Mycroft’s breath is getting laboured. He leans back in his chair and his hand seems to clear an invisible spider’s web in front of his face. “So for the reason I mentioned earlier, you decided to stay,” he says, more calmly. “For its potential consequences
“Mrs. Hudson!” he yells.
Throughout John’s little speech the man was looking at him with eyes growing wider and even more amused. Now he takes a step forward and positively peers at John. John thinks that he should probably stop smiling right about now, but this is so reminiscent of Sherlock’s unabashed stare that he can’t help himself. His lips stretch fully, this time with sincerity.
Holmes looks him squarely in the face.
“I can see that some things don’t change,” the other man—the other
“Watson’s appearance is…to his advantage.” The nonchalant tone matches the features; a second longer and the man might look at his nails in a bored fashion.
“Hmm!” Holmes’s eyes shine at him, approving.
“Very good, John, you have it!” Holmes smiles at him. “Continue.”
“I spent most of the night dedicating my not inconsiderable intellectual powers to the issue at hand, with little success. I was able to deduce that you come from a world some hundred, hundred and twenty years ahead of my own. Another fact we can safely count as established is that Watson is now with my future counterpart. I must confess that my concerns about Watson affected whatever limited scope I had for reasoning—one more proof that one should steer clear of emotions. Well, well, nothing can be done about that and frankly, in the case of Watson, I don’t wish to do anything.
This is what is happening with his thoughts when he sees the void in the fireplace. Uncontrollable thoughts, scattered, some of them never to be captured just like some of the sneaky pearls were never found. John is barely aware of jumping to his feet, gaping at the darkness that gapes back, then at Holmes, whose face seems to be made of lighting.
23 August 1900
“Right,” he says. “Where is he?”
Naturally, IT and the Internet lead the parade. John talks about the amount of data beyond anything imaginable; that it is readily available in a matter of seconds and what is more, readily available from almost anywhere in England and quite a few places around the world. He doesn’t leave out the detail of the actual physical storage of data. He gives terms simplified definitions, employs metaphors and comparisons, and uses visuals. (He is quite proud of the small matchbox pretend-storing thousands of photographs.) His effort earns him the sight of a riveted Sherlock Holmes with such illuminated eyes that John thinks his own skin might start smoking under them.
Taller than Sherlock, and as far as John can tell bonier, the man’s attire lends the biggest justification to John’s reaction. A long, formal jacket, like a conductor’s; a white, old-fashioned shirt with a high, uncomfortable-looking collar; and something like a short, thin black string instead of a tie, with a fancy knot to boot. An actor hired by Sherlock, no doubt. In costume or not, he seems to fit in the transformed interior of their sitting room more than Sherlock would right now.
“Nice,” John says with mild sarcasm. “Neither do I. Sorry.”
“What is illogical?”
Universes! The answer arrives to John and he is amazed at its simplicity. He’s even read about it, theories...
If you enjoyed this and want to follow my writing and publishing adventures, you are very welcome to check out this blog
-	The new building by Sir George Newnes.
“But of course you don’t. Perfectly understandable. Neither do I.”
John would give a lot to somehow record the spectacle of a Sherlock Holmes keeping himself in check, out of respect for his brother. Holmes’s eyes are protruding from suppressed energy and impatience. John is sure Sherlock would have come down on Mycroft like a ton of bricks for not being given all the facts as soon as possible, but being spoken at in zigzags, instead. At least Mycroft is reciprocating his brother’s admirable conduct—he hurries to put him out of his misery by continuing his narrative. John’s misery is evidently of little importance. No change there, then.
“I shall have to go blind or you’ll need to learn to be more inscrutable…John.”
“A malfunction. Okay…Why?”
“Sherlock!” John shouts now, turning, ready to march in the general direction of the kitchen.
-	The big piece of rock where I sat both times when I wrote to you and twice when I didn’t.
“To answer your question,” he said. “No, I wasn’t looking at your lips because of this or any other condiment. It’s worse than that, John. It’s—It’s one of
Mycroft Holmes leans forward, his pause the perfect length to ensure the dramatic delivery of his next line.
The words take a few seconds to sink in.
John laughs and looks sideways, shakes his head, then lifts his gaze to Sherlock’s luminous face.
-	The three rose bushes in Miss Joan’s garden.
John gulps his water like a truth serum and knows that deep down he might be harbouring some resentment, too, together with the fascination, the admiration, the readiness to practically die for the man. Sherlock doesn’t let John belong to himself, nor belong to his own life. It makes John furious on some level, but on another, profoundly grateful.
Sherlock, for his part, is of the firm opinion that this was Mycroft’s cunning ploy designed to keep him away from a very important case with potentially severe consequences for MI6. John has listened to his conspiracy theories with one ear. He’s quite sure poor Mycroft, who has been looking in on them every day, relief gradually replacing controlled tension, has nothing to do with their current predicament.
“And Mycroft said you were getting quicker and quicker to call him, right? I mean—”
Sherlock’s not blinking, or breathing for that matter.
John feels quite superficial and decides it’s best to keep his mouth shut, both literally and figuratively speaking.
John is about to tell the man to just bloody well sod off, when suddenly he finds that he can’t. Grey eyes are watching him carefully, excitement still there as backlight, but there is now intense, dark seriousness dominating. That look John also knows. Once more, everything clicks together: the dim light indoors, the heavy fumes, the new furniture, the eerie London silence, and the man in front of him. But this time John doesn’t feel like bellowing. He feels like sitting down.
“My brother Mycroft, on the other hand, is someone who pieces together the whole from the smallest, most inconclusive parts. He abhors exertion and has learnt to look at seemingly random details and arrive at conclusions about their effects from the comfort of his chair. Between him and myself, I have some confidence we can advance towards finding some answers.” Holmes pauses. “You are allowed to speak, John.”
John laid his fork carefully by his plate.
Something surges in John: a memory, telling him that he is about to forget. The last vestige of something dear and wondrous, something old and cherished, and something that’s about to become very new.
He blinks quickly under Mycroft’s discerning gaze, certain that all his thoughts have joined the silent apology on his face. Mycroft says nothing, though, and John gets the feeling he isn’t exactly the man’s priority at the moment. They both cast a quick glance at Holmes, whose flabbergasted status hasn’t changed. With something akin to an eye roll Mycroft returns to his story.
“You are correct.”
He finally gets acknowledged—Holmes turns his head to him and his gaze softens an ounce.
John stops listening and licks his lips for courage. His fingers catch Sherlock’s chin, smooth from this afternoon’s shave—
“Casual blasphemy is in fashion, I see. Mrs. Hudson!” The second cry is louder than the first.
The sole of Sherlock’s bare foot brushes along John’s ankle in a silent prompt. John sees stars at its wake; they arrange into letters, the letters into words.
John hesitates. Not because he feels any actual hesitation over this but because an epiphany that binds reason and feeling, past and present and future, two people for good, is not easy to articulate simply.
“John.”
“My dear Watson,” a rich voice, a stranger’s voice, says. “Are you feeling quite all right?”
“But what if something’s gone wrong at their end,” John insists, panicky. “What if they can’t open it or—”
“I was going to say that I believe you should be comfortable in that room.”
Holmes takes his pocket watch out and looks at it, eyebrows shooting up.
is going on?”
Mrs. Hudson nods and leaves. John watches her slightly hunched back retreat then faces Holmes.
Holmes’s lips twitch for a smile. John’s eyes itch.
Sherlock Holmes
At last Holmes speaks.
A pair of extremely intelligent eyes is fixed on him with the kind of curiosity John suddenly finds unsettling. The eyes aren’t dark. Their exact colour is unclear but at this point John is glad to be able to distinguish
It’s not just a feeling. John can point out concrete details, like the colour and shape of some of the furniture or the stacks of books on the floor. There are the mismatched armchairs and their cushions, and the precarious clutter of objects that should be patented under the name ‘Sherlock Holmes’.
It feels like taking an unfair advantage if there ever was one. John is like the Moon; he was shining, but his light was the reflected light of other celestial bodies, yet he was preening as if it were his own, as if he had invented the electronic chip or the car engine.
John, who must have nodded unconsciously, finds himself in the spotlight. “Yeah, um. No,” he says with devastating consistency. “I mean, I’ve seen it in films and I’ve read about it, but it’s more like fiction where I come from.”
The man himself looks different, too. Upstairs, in the somewhat dingy room, he still resembled the previous night’s apparition straight out a Victorian play. Here, he seems fleshier. He is younger than John’s first impression, but definitely older than Sherlock. His pallor is still unenviable; however, now the effect is largely dispelled by the hypnotic, shining eyes that follow John everywhere as John wanders about the room, peering at things or carefully touching them. Holmes’s fringe flops over his forehead and is occasionally combed back with a quick, sweeping gesture of his long fingers. His thin but expressive lips curl around vowels and cigarettes in an almost mesmerising fashion. His nose looks more patrician than beaky.
John looks at its panels from this side for a few seconds, then scratches his head and lets his body relax. He rotates on his spot to face Sherlock.
John’s mum always used to say that his dad was a different person when he put some food in his belly. John is much the same. Full with Mrs. Hudson’s delicious offerings and having washed them down with a nice cup of coffee, he now wanders about the room again, feeling quite uplifted. The sound of horse hooves hits him and he heads towards the window, realizing he has actually avoided it so far.
He gets further ignored for all his troubles. The Holmeses are now both staring at each other, the younger one’s expression of great concentration, but clouded, too. There is some apprehension in his eyes that reflects right into John’s gut.
Sherlock Holmes
“As to your questions about my brother and our relationship, under different circumstances they would be most inappropriate coming from a stranger.” Holmes lifts a hand to prevent John’s apology. “As it is, you are neither a stranger, nor to remain in the dark.”
“I shan’t make this story long,” Mycroft says. “Indeed, you have both arrived at the inevitable conclusion: the only way another person like oneself can exist, is if that person exists in another, altogether independent world from one’s own.”
“That’s…good, too. Very good.”
“I’m here,” he says as clearly as he can. His forehead hits Sherlock’s chest. “I’m here.” It’s nice, so nice...
Yours,
Watson,
He'd extinguished the candle just in case and laid his head on the pillow, closing his eyes. His first thought was that it must be gone past three. His second thought, also last, was that he would probably not be able to unwind and go to sleep for a while.
the eyes are, what with the scant light and with his own eyes watering. There is still uncertainty in the man’s gaze but also amusement as well as keen interest. John shuffles from foot to foot. Seconds tick in his ear, chiming in the quiet, stretching this wretched day even longer.
to. He…has to.” His outburst had sent John up on his feet, but he now drops back on the sofa, knees weak.
“Leaving aside your understandable dislike of the deceased—yes?—the deceased James Moriarty, he must have been one of the foremost minds of his generation?”
20 August 1900
John grins.
I am back on the cliffs. The colour of the water is closer to Prussian blue today. There is a light breeze. I believe you would enjoy it. It is six o’clock in the evening. My new shoes are not made for walking. I have eaten four times in the last two days. This makes it evident that the case was solved last night so I am at liberty to return to Baker Street.
“She’s so different,” he says, turning again and looking at the closed door. “Our Mrs. Hudson would have a cardiac arrest if she saw her.”
The room is illuminated by a couple of more gas lamps. Earlier, a candle was lit and placed on the table next to John’s chair. A second one joins it. As he straightens up after leaving it there, his host’s eyes catch John’s from only a few inches distance. They are a lot more the colour of John’s own eyes—grey blue. It’s a fleeting moment of mutual close study and the other man goes to stand by the fireplace. He seems to examine the mess on the mantel and then, casting a slanted look at John, he say, “You don’t resemble Watson in appearance.”
John feels something pinch his gut from the inside and hook him like a hapless fish.
Holmes’s eyes widen. He must have been too focused on the fascinating mystery in front of him to consider its wider implications. He is considering them now all right.
“And ‘he’ also gets pissed off much quicker,” John says. “Not to mention that he’s right here.”
John coughs to get their attention. Obviously, it is once again left to him to prevent them all from being swept along in a dramatic Holmesian tide.
things.”
Meanwhile, Mycroft’s large face is turning meditative. “You seemed peculiarly protective of the strange fellow,” he tells his enraptured sibling. “In turn, evidently he trusted you as well, for during your attempts to solve the mystery he had been docile and even helpful; not quite the savage that he was.”
John scowls, then sighs, and rubs his temple again. “Sorry. I’ve had a very long day and this just takes the cake.”
But now it’s not elaborate Holmesian speech that’s scrambling his brain. There’s simply too much for it to try and cope at all. Instant restoration of balance won’t be possible if only for the sensational implications of Mycroft Holmes’s comment. John takes turns to boggle at both men. At his brother’s opening line Holmes only let out his monosyllabic laugh and is now exuding extreme excitement.
“No,” John says, calm. “I know him for real. I always have and I’m telling you again, he would have thought about this.”
The chin jumps in John’s fingers as Sherlock gulps.
from any Sherlock any day too.
“Alternative universes,” he says.
“And he was a savage, Sherlock,” he says heavily. “I shall never forget my shock at the appearance of that poor creature. Here, in this very room! You led him into it as one does a skittish animal; he was clinging to you and looking at me with a gaze where there was barely a flicker of intelligence. Yet as you spoke, both to me and to him, his posture relaxed and his face cleared. I was able to observe a remarkable change come over whatever was visible from his features—he appeared very much a reasoning creature, and one with certain dignity at that.”
“Oh,” he says at last.
Aside from faith that nothing is beyond the combined powers of the Holmes brothers, John feels curiosity about meeting another person he sort of knows. He is beginning to grasp the sheer wonder of what’s happening to him. There is the small, intimate world of these rooms and the people strangely close to John through their future counterparts—it’s like watching actors cast in the parts of characters from John’s favourite TV series—but then there is Victorian London, hustling and bustling outside, so familiar, yet so alien, waiting for John to dive in and try to tame it.
“John tells me our relationship is not terribly cordial, Mycroft,” Holmes voice rings, some humour hidden in it.
“Was I right?” he asks.
“You treated the object as if it had been in common use in public. I haven’t seen anything remotely similar to it in my entire life, and if I’m not very much mistaken, you should be aware that I encounter some remarkable things in the course of my work. Hence, if this was not an object from another place, it had to be one from another time. It was the only explanation to the rest…” A graceful hand moves up and down in the air, roughly outlining John from head to toe. “…anomalies I perceived.”
“Thank you,” he says. His hand shoots out for a handshake, but he puts it behind his back, mindful of the damage he could do. “I—I’m sorry I rushed out like that. I should have said goodbye properly. It was really amazing to—”
“They do the latter here as well; it’s quite common.”
in the early twenty-first century.’ Mrs Blackhurst, his English teacher, would be appalled. Probably not as appalled as Mr McFarren would be, though, who was John’s Science teacher.
The stranger takes another step closer.
“John, do be quiet!”
It’s not like John doesn’t have the training to be in the company of two Holmes at once. He is all too familiar with the dizzying confusion experienced on occasion in their company, too, as if he’s suddenly back in Kabul and can make no sense of what’s been communicated around him. With time he’s learnt to regain his balance pretty quickly and wait until the brothers arrive back to human speech, or deign to enlighten him as to what has just passed between them.
“Now, now. Let us return to safer subjects. Tell me about Lestrade. Is he as much of a hunter’s dog as the man I know?”
John opens his mouth, closes it again. Nods. A thought strikes him.
The facts are these: It is 1895, this is Baker Street, and the man is Sherlock Holmes. The thought that there is more than one Sherlock in existence, that there are a number of them scattered through the centuries is a rather enormous one to be defined with plain adjectives such as ‘scary’, ‘intriguing’, or ‘bonkers’. At least they don’t appear at the same point of time in droves. He perks up a little at that thought.
For a moment, only the sound of the cracking fire can be heard.
“What occurred?” John asks.
Or would that be his foresight? He groans quietly and lifts the brandy to his right temple, pressing it there and relishing the cool, unyielding feel of the glass.
“What was that?” John asks. “What are you not telling me?” He turns to Holmes. “Do you know anything about this that I don’t?”
“You told me that Doctor Watson had disappeared and a strange fellow had appeared looking rather out of place and, as you put it then, “simply wild”. At first you had taken him to be an actor, possibly an agent of one of the many forces that would be interested in the ruin of your career. But no logical explanation presented itself as to what end this person should be sent to you. After eliminating all other possibilities, you arrived at the extraordinary conclusion that the man was from another point of history. Moreover, you had deduced that he shared many a trait with your missing companion, together with some similarities in personal circumstances. There were, however, significant differences between the two men.”
“You have no idea how much science has advanced,” John says as he pushes himself away from the windowsill. He crosses the room and stops at the assorted Holmesian equipment spread out on a heavy table that has seen better days. Glass is glass, of course, but the microscope, the boxes of chemicals, the Bunsen burner seem ancient for all that John is sure they’re some of the best on offer right now.
John smiles, nostalgia sweeping through him once again. Odd, considering that less than twenty-four hours have passed since...
“I had another one,” he informs Sherlock with soft laziness. They’ve been sharing all such irrational experiences, comparing notes as it were. John believes Sherlock is storing everything somewhere in that big brain of his, to ponder and seek the most tenuous connections.
He can feel his eyes widen as he leans forward. Holmes has frozen and is watching John like the horse on which he’s put all his cash.
“Holmes,” he hears himself say, then turns around quickly in time to see the door begin to close. It moves, snipping away ribbon after ribbon from the tableau in its frame: two gentlemen in a dimly-lit Victorian room, shoulders brushing as they stand next to each other looking John and Sherlock’s way.
It’s been three days since he and Sherlock both collapsed from nervous exhaustion. At least that’s the official diagnosis of the prominent medical specialists conjured up by Mycroft. No doctor, however— including John—has been able to offer a plausible explanation as to how two grown men with no previous symptoms to indicate mounting stress or fatigue, two men in fairly good general health to boot, managed not only to have an unexpected nervous collapse each, but synchronize them to the minute. John reckons he might need to read up a bit on some anthropological studies, or at least check out those articles about the morphic field.
“Because Sherlock is there!” John shouts. “He’s figured it out! He wouldn’t have left him leave the flat. Sherlock—He’s figured it out. He
Fitting to the drama of the plot and the narrator, a knock at the door makes everyone jump.
John’s mouth closes instantly.
A pause. Holmes is looking at him expectantly. John looks back with a similar sentiment.
“I saw some vast wilderness beyond, but right at the door’s threshold there was something akin to the opening of a stone hut. In front of it was a man, tall and gaunt, looking similarly wild and hairy like our savage, who had thrown himself at this man with cries of joy. The man himself appeared sufficiently animated at the sight of the other, but his eyes locked with mine in shrewdness that surpassed anything we’d seen in his companion. This man was fearless, and very much aware of himself and everything around him, including me. That was all I managed to perceive before the door closed. When I opened it again, the familiar sight of your hallway greeted me.”
“Drink.”
“Greg is fine,” he hurries to say. “Had a bit of trouble at work some time ago around the whole Moriarty business, but—”
A monster of a headache is making itself comfortable in John’s skull that no amount of brandy consumed at any point of the time continuum could stop.
Holmes cocks his infernal eyebrow at him. “I can see your natural eloquence will find itself terribly restricted.”
Sherlock Holmes
Prostrate on the floor in the landing, on top of each other, limbs and torsos contorted and tangled up in such a complicated fashion it was a surprise there were no actual fractures at separation. John’s memories from those first moments are extremely scarce and surreal. He remembers disorientation of epic proportions, the kind a toddler must experience after falling asleep in their mother’s arms in the bright afternoon, only to wake up in a changed world where the shadows have grown very long. John remembers the hardness of the wood floor beneath him. He remembers feeling the weight of his every cell.
