“your school called today,” Tony said after he got himself back under control, when mason school had called him he was worried something had happened to mason but after a brief explanation they had said they wanted to see him and mason before the school had started again on Monday she hummed not paying much attention to her father as she worked tony could well enough see the shape of the dog coming along “they want to see us tomorrow”.
“Ross found the farm he had a team sent out to apprehend your family to use as bait for you but he was too late they were already gone and don't thank me thank Tony Stark he was the one who saved your family he was the one who gave me the phone to give to you” T'challa said he watched as Shock, Anger, and distrust cross his face he just knew barton was going to say something idiotic.
“Come on tony wake up” came the voice again.
Coming out of the memory tony let out a sad sigh “I know, I know” tony kissed mason on the cheek before he got into the quinjet waving at them as the door closes, it was going to be a long day.
“Shit” Tony cursed before trying to run up the steps and towards Mason's room bumping and almost tripping his way up reaching Mason door twisting the handle but the door wouldn't budge, Tony could hear his little girls screams from the inside “Macie, Friday the door won't open whats going on in there” Tony called out hitting the door with his shoulder trying to get it open.
“Oh right sorry, Stark went missing Six months ago it was all over the news when they found out about it but that only after stark got back and when he was asked about it starks statement was he needed a Vacation, but it didnt add up because nobody saw him anywhere” Scott explained.
: Tony sweetheart what are you doing: Ana looked down at Tony with soft eyes: you are supposed to be In bed now go on:
“And you know if i didn't want to Kiss you so badly i would have punched you in the face” Tony hissed again.
Smiling at the man T’challa took a chance to look tony over as he was digging through his case, the lightly bronzed skin and the color in his cheeks told T’challa tony was healthy he look extremely better than he did before, before he was pasty pale and skittish like he was just waiting for someone or something to jump out at him “you look well Mr. stark retirement seem to suit you” T’challa said taking note of how tony froze when T’challa mentioned his retirement there were something there T’challa just didn’t know what it was.
“How could you have, you didnt know”.
“But then why were you sad”.
“yeah, i noticed or else you wouldn't have tried to sneak out” Rhodey added.
“Mr stark who is the mother”.
Normally vision was accustomed to the whispers in his head to a point he doesn't even realize they are there although he hears them he deals with them but for once he is quite frightened by the utter silence in his mind, holding the child in his arms for the first time the mind stone was silent no whispers, no sound nothing but complete silence if he hadn't felt the stone in his head he would have wondered if he even had it, she was staring at him with her big brown eyes and toothless gummy smile as if he, himself was her most favorite stuffed teddy bear.
“When they do I want the full report of the events that occurred,” the man said his hand hovering to switch off the feed only to pause“ and doctor if you fail me one more time I will release you of duty and deal with this myself,” the man said ending feed letting the threat hang as Debroski cursed him in every language he knows.
“I've had a place arranged for you to stay, pack only the most important stuff the rest will be supplied to you when you need it,” he said while tony ushered her inside the house.
“Are you sure you're talking about the same stark, you know Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, the guy who likes the attention too much to resist it that stark” Clint asked he looked more annoyed than shocked, Sam knew Clint was  having a problem because he couldn't see his family and it was hard on Clint but even for him stark retiring was odd.
He remembered that day he was fighting the council to give the avengers pardons it hadn’t gone well and when he had gotten back at the tower he had just turned on the television when the news had come on about the avengers new raid stopping a drug dealer from killing a whole city block op people due to his meth lab nearly exploding the people had called Steve a hero but the journalists had called him corrupt and a problem the government needed to put down he had gotten so pissed because of that but he was also upset that he was still far away from getting the avengers back yes his council was up and running and shield was heading up the ladder of trust but he still had brick walls in place to break down he wanted Steve home for mason but also he didn’t want him home because he was scared Steve would try and take mason away from him.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
Finding the strength Tony stood from the bed and walked sluggishly towards the nursery rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, it wasn't until he reached the door he realized the crying had stopped and the temperature had dropped with the feeling of unease tony opened the door, instead of walking into the nursery tony had walked back into his own room but it was deferent there was no comforting feeling or steve sleeping in the bed only a darkened room grayed from the storm outside with rain that pelting the windows and on his bed lay a female figure rolled into the fatal position body shaking with heavy sobbing, Tony couldn't see her face but as he walked closer the thick whisper of words reached his ears “I'm so sorry i let you down PaPa i should have saved you” Said the figure shakingly, an overwhelming feeling of emotions rushed through Tony he reached out to comfort the figure but only reached an empty bed the figure had disappeared and the room around him lit up till the point he couldn't see anymore.
Filled with anger her father grabbed the shield and threw it against the man knocking him down he removed his helmet looking out of the hole of the train seeing her uncle holding on to a hand railing “Bucky” he called out reaching out he climbed onto the hand railing “Hold on” moving slowly toward her uncle the railing coming lose as he held on “take my hand” he stretched out his arm toward her uncle but before her uncle could take hold the railing gave away plunging him down the side of the mountain “No” her father yelled when he couldn’t grab at his friend, she watched as the devastation showed on his face before he turned his head and closed his eyes.
“As I told Mr. Rhodes and Mrs. Potts I could do an ultrasound to see what exactly is happening in there and what is what then we will see what happens.” The doctor explained.
Rogue Avengers P.O.V 2
Feeling mason shake her head Tony looked down at his daughter's tired face“ what is it”.
Tony woke with a start, sweat-soaked and panting.
At Xavier's Mansion minutes before the
Steve decided to be blunt he needed to know “is she mine,” steve asks watching tony go pale and clench is fist he already knew they “How”
Sighing Steve knew this coming sooner or later he just wished it was later rather than sooner“ tony..” was all he could say before he was interrupted again.
Clapping him on the shoulder T'challa walked toward the door “good dont forget to say goodbye to your fellow avengers” T'challa said before he opened the door and left.
As if the conversation never happened.
Noticing the pained fling “you okay professor”Hank asked he was also surprised when he heard who was coming it took a day for it to sink in.
“Xavier mansion I have an appointment with the prof in two hours so are you coming with”.
He was at no means or wants to be a father not with his history but he didn't have the hard to not only abort the baby but to give it up so he decided to keep him or her. He was afraid first but he had help as months go by of mood swings cravings restlessness and pain. Tony Edward Stark gave birth to a beautiful baby girl
He was already halfway to bartons room when he realized he was so occupied with his thoughts he didn't even notice his path, he knew he had to go see Clint but he had wanted to wait till morning, he trusted Stark not to bug the phone but he still checked by his sister just to be safe, better safe than sorry as they say and he was right the phone was completely bugless and it had only one number on it, the number of the pilot of the plane that would take Barton to his family.
“What the hell is that,” Dr strange asked confusedly looking at the child like it had two heads.
Walking beside him Rhodey radiated Tension he didn't want to be here which tony understood but he wasn't going to let Tony go anywhere else without him either, understanding about what had Occurred a few days ago when they had come back from Xavier Mansion tony had made a call to the king and ask for attendance but was offered a visit to Wakanda which he couldn't turn down if he wanted to get the king support on the changes he wanted to make to the Accords, he isn't either going to pretend that he was there for  another agenda the plan was still forming in his mind but having T'challa support would go a long way and pardoning the Rogue Avengers was going to need all the help it could get.
Nibbling her lip again mason looked at her father, giving her a small nod of encouragement, mason looked back at Charles before she nodded.
Not wasting any time Charles picked up the phone and called Rhodey “Charles find anything”Rhodey asked charles could tell he was tired.
“And how is the DNA search going any news”
Goodnight Rhodey” Tony returned the farewell before the screen went blank.
Tony wanted the best for his daughter, he wanted her to have everything he didn't have, loving home and a loving family, friends she could go out with a boyfriend he could threaten.
With a small nod Charles took masons hands in his own “I want to go into your mind look around to see if I can help you in there but ill only go if you give me your permission” Charles explained he could see mason was thinking it through by the way she nibbled her lip and how she wrinkled her nose it was kind of adorable.
“Uh i dont know if that a good idea James” vision said hesitantly backed away slowly he wasn't afraid of the child but he was afraid he would drop her he had no idea how to handle a child.
“Woah Woah Tones easy,” Rhodey said grabbing tony by the wrists he hadn't even heard Rhodey approach shooting a quick glance around tony saw what had happened all the work he had sorted what scattered all over the floor.
Watching as Rhodey's expression go from worry to anger was surprising tony had always thought Rhodey admire Steve for what he stood for and what he believed but since Tony came back from Siberia the mere mention of Steve's name made him angry, Rhodey cared and he was always protective, now he became even more overprotective, it gave him a warm feeling in his chest.
They didn't know what had happened at the Hydra base only that Steve and Bucky had come back badly injured and bucky was missing an arm from the fight but that was only what Steve had told them and somehow he knew that wasn't the whole truth but he just didn't ask further, now hearing someone else saying what Sam was believing made him think he should have asked for more information he just wasn't sure Steve was going to give it, leaving him with more questions than answers and making him more worried than he was before
So here Tony was putting on the suit much to Rhodey dismay but he understood pepper however was giving Tony an earful.
Completely deep in thought he missed vision facing into the Entertainment room and put his hand on Tony's shoulder making him almost jump out of his chair Tony had made sure to stay out of visions head he didnt want to be like wanda even if it was just with tech he also stayed out of his out of Dum.E, U, Butterfingers and also Friday unless they talked to him first it just felt wrong, they were like people to him even if others dont see it that way.
Steve felt helpless, it was a common occurrence these days being pulled away from tony and leaving him behind again it didnt feel right it felt like he left a piece of him behind, they needed to talk he needed to make thing right and he didnt feel like the letter had done much by the way tony looked at him.
If only he was that lucky (which he was not) standing inside the lift is the very person he was trying to elude with an Are You Serious expression on his face(Damn Friday must have warned Rhodey) shoulders sagging tony gave Rhodey his best smile, it won't work but he could still try“ hey i thought you were busy with therapy” Tony asked as he walked into the lift.
“Why would you think that I’m mad at him sweetheart,” tony asked looking at his daughter's beautiful face.
Looking all around shocked he took the phone from T'challa “I dont know what to say thank you, your highness, but what happened to the farm”.
“Mason dont you do it, dont you dare” Tony warned mason before ducking as smushed peas flew his way just barely missing him they have been trying to feed mason different types of food than baby food but other then smushed carrots and baby food she refuses to eat, getting her off the bottle hadn't been as hard as getting her off her baby food he knew she was a little young but all considered she wasn't a normal baby she had enjoyed her sippy cup but she was stubborn when it came to food.
Kidnapping and torture was nothing new to tony, in fact, it's an old friend of sorts. But this is the shit to the shitshow that rank second to Afghanistan, Fucking Hydra and to think after S.H.I.E.L.D fell and took hydra with it, it would be over but oh no.
°°°°°°#+#°°°°°°
Slumping against the counter Tony let out a sigh rubbing a hand down his face, he turned to pepper “I swear when she is older I'm grounding her until she is thirty” heaving another sigh he looked toward Rhodey “Call Charles to see if she is there” tony walked out of the kitchen starting his search.
“Got it gumdrop”Tony called out as Rhodey got off the lift he was glad Rhodey had agreed also, to be honest, he was kind of surprised that he did Rhodey had always had his back but since the(Unnatural)Pregnancy his Overprotectiveness had reached a new level, which was fun to watch sometimes and can also be infuriating at times.
: the others had failed due to the usage of the wrong DNA and they weren't prepared for it, but this time we made sure to prepare him for the long run and with Captain Rogers DNA alongside the Winter Soldiers he will have his perfect super Soldier.
“I understand your highness vision is still part of the Avengers and will be there after my absence so is Colonel Rhodes and we can work out the details as we go but if you will there is another opportunity i wanted to discuss...” Stark cut off as a pained expression crossed his face as he grips the chair handle as a breathy gasp left him.
“Yeah, hopefully, You're right”.
“I am kind of wondering how had it happen if it's even possible,” Hank asks sitting in the chair opposite of his leaning forward his elbows resting on his knees.
Tony, Rhodey and pepper had been busy with the development of the diverse council and Tony had decided to be the one to go to wakanda and talk to the prince again and since Rhodey was in DC being blocked by the president he couldn’t and pepper needed to stay and look after Mason and pepper didn’t really know much of wakanda anyways so it wasn’t a hard choice to make tony hated to leave mason but he knew it was for her protection in the future.
“If your definition of talk is arrested and used as bait then almost,” said the adorable worried confused look crossed T'challa,s face again and tony had a hard time keeping his thoughts clear.
“What are you saying, Charles”
“But why would uncle Bucky do that”
“First of all, i would like to apologize for my hasty retreat back in Wakanda it was rude and i apologize,” Tony said he wanted to take it all back but he needed to do this if Ton could get T'challa onboard with the program.
Holy molle a very long chapter
Frowning at that statement he didn’t quite understand what he meant “I don’t understand” tony asked confusedly.
*I'm scared*her voice wobbled with unshed tears.
“She's asleep fought it for a while until she gave in she misses you,”.
(See the end of the chapter for
There weren't many things that could surprise T'challa with all his years of training as the black panther he was taught to expect anything and everything he expected starks complete professional tone he was accustomed to he even expected Stark to know of the Avengers whereabouts but what stark had said right after he Did not expect and he was surprised at the complete bland tone stark had said it, glancing briefly toward Colonal Rhodes he noticed the stiffness in his shoulders and the unkind look in his eyes he wasn't happy about this almost every part of him gave it away but he stayed quiet, returning his gaze back towards Stark the blank expression he had on his face was unnerving and showed him the mask he had used at many conferences and was now trained on him.
Grabbing the shield as her father laid down he held it up as he shot at the man shooting at them getting a few shots in before he was thrown out of the train as the energy blow hit the shield.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“No, you don't we can survive without you tony” Rhodey Snapped the minute it left his lips Rhodey wanted to take it back the absolute devastation on Tony's face made his gut twist in guilt he didn't mean it that way “Tony shit I'm sorry I didn't...”Rhodey started but stopped when tony held up his hand.
Fury didnt wait for tony's answer before he cut the call, Knowing fury he was probably concerned about ears listing into the phone call, tony felt kind of insulted there wasn't any kind of tech in the government that could bypass his security protocols other than Wakanda neither can any other country.
“Dont worry about it Rhodes look I have still had a lot of work to do down here and you look tired why dont you go get some sleep okay” Tony mumbled fiddling with the tools and on his workbench Rhodey wanted to  say something to apologize again but Tony turned away from him and he could tell his presence wasn't exactly welcomed
“Yes you can, your Tony Stark you can do anything”.
Reaching out with her little hands she touched his face she let out a contagious giggle a rush of colors, scenes, people, memories flash through his mind all to fast to grasp but it made him feel warm and safe, she let out a slew of giggles and clapped her tiny hands she was happy for some reason he didnt know but it was adorable.
“Yes Tony” pepper said rolling her eyes as if she didn’t already known that.
*Rogers DNA* the only DNA tony found was Barne's unless *oh god, i need to get out* as more memories sent tony head first into a panic attack.
It was a nice warm and sunny day so Charles wanted to wait outside for his guest to arrive a few of his students and personal friends had decided to join him when they had found out who was coming.
Tony couldn't even imagine how the guy must have felt losing the person he loved he knows what debroski did or still does is wrong in so many ways but he couldn't fathom the pain he went through even the thought of losing pepper or Rhodey gave him a knot in his stomach hell he almost did lose them with the mandarin and Rhodey's fall he sure as hell don't want to go through that again.
“Tony I took my eyes off of her I didn’t watch her close enough, we knew she was in danger but I still didn’t stop it from happening it was my fault she got taken from us” pepper whispering at the end new tears running down her face and he couldn’t take it anymore tony took pepper in his arms allowing her to cry on his shoulder.
“ Half an hour or so we are almost home” Rhodey answers.
*I dont know how to* Mason said her little tiny voice sounded so scared it broke Tony's heart.
“shit.” tony gasp.
Hearing a sigh of relief on the phone Charles had wondered how long had tony searched for Mason this time, she was quite the trouble maker she would probably be the reason, Tony Starks would go gray.
“Wait Let me,” Steve said taking the last bit of lube to slick up his fingers.
“Oh honey you know you don’t need to bath and feed a robot dog right,” Tony said he hoped she had already known that.
°°°°°°#+#°°°°°°
The familiar sound of his baby's heartbeat drummed in his ear getting loud the more they struggled to undress him, a pitch ring sound erupted out of nowhere the guards and McCrawl covered their ears as it came to a point it pained but it had no effect on tony he heard the ring it was soft but it caused the others pain, as a white heat sensation swept through tony a blast of energy, rushed through the room reducing the guards and McCrawl to ash as they were vaporized.
Nodding the king walked around the table towards tony“ Are you sure you're all right Mr. Stark we can always have a look to see if you are alright” T'challa offers.
(Bash)
“For one testing her IQ would be a start also there is a big possibility she has eidetic memory, I would suggest Advance classes it would help her learn a lot more than normal classes skipping a few grades, yes but it will also remove the thing she already know it won’t drag on and keep her back, it would be best for her”.
Fury opened his mouth to talk again but by the way, Stark was holding his body told him he was done arguing so he turned and he left leaving Tony in his own peace.
“we will always be there for her Tony, me, you, pepper, happy, vision, hell even peter and Charles will be there and speaking of how was your talk with him anyways,” Rhodey asked with a reassuring pat on Tony's leg earning a smile from Tony.
“Boss there is a group of people stuck inside a building on the western side of the monster” Friday informed Tony.
Entering the king's office tony took in his surroundings a wide open space with large floor to ceiling windows a door on the one side leading to a built-in bathroom,  the king sat at his desk going over paperwork at their approach he rose extending his hand “Welcome Mr. Stark, Colonel Rhodes its a good to see your well please take a seat” he gestured towards the seats after they shook hands.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“Friday alert the Medbay we're bringing tony,” Rhodey said as he halfway carried tony toward the elevator on the way tony felt the pain ebbed away slowly he still felt it but it wasn't as bad as before.
“Yes, I have to...” Tony yelled back
“so you finally decided to meet with me instead of keeping me on hold,” Ross asked as he walked into the room shaking Tony's hand and taking a seat across from tony
“The Diverse Council” tony said bluntly tony really didn’t want to beat around the bush as he pushed the folders in front of T’challa.
“Well, it seems the earthquake was a result of a vision” Charles announced.
It took them almost half an hour of panicking and searching the whole tower before they had found her playing with Dum-E, U and butterfingers after that Tony had made sure J.J was with her 24/7 but it didn't help when mason teleported all over the tower
Four Year Old
This is not a part of the story i just wanted to give you something special steve will meet his daughter in a later date and another story part injoy
“Oh my God tony,” Rhodey said voice full of shock
Grabbing the phone tony leaned back dialing the number he knew fury didn't want him to have but he got it anyway just to piss off fury it was too much fun he waited until a very tired voice came one the phone.
“Also remember…”
“We don't exactly know what had happened but all we can say is we felt it,” Charles said for once Tony wished he could get quick and simple answers when did is life became a mystery novel, we don't know why but we'll figure it out dun duuun seriously he should start selling tickets maybe he'll earn back the money he had spent repairing the damage that the alien invasion or the Avengers had caused not that he needed it but with the way his life has been going its going to go from mystery novel to soap opera and the serious urge to bang his brains out was increasing daily.
“Tony” Steve started.
“Oh But Star Spangled Man with a plan, Dear Old Captain America Wanted it done his way he couldn't see his Boyfriend being Examined by a specialist to see what his damaged was Or to have his precious and Innocent Maximoff sent off to a school for people just like her so she could train her powers and not to use it to Fuck with peoples minds” Tony fumed he regrets allowing fury to see him snap the way he did but he didn't nor needed fury's judgment and by the shocked Expression on Fury's face he wasn't expecting it either sighing tony rubbed his hand over his face “If you just came here to give me a speech, Save it and just leave I had a long day and I'm tired so leave the way you came and dont let the door kick you on way out,”.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
It said before disappearing into thin air and everything went dark as Mason fell to the floor unconscious.
“our men haven't come back to us yet, we will find out when they arrive,” Debroski says twiddling his fingers a nervous habit he had developed at a young age, one he couldn't learn himself off of.
“Already on it,” Tony said before shutting down the video and deleting it until there was no trace of it anywhere for the protection of his daughter he would do anything in his power to make sure she’s protected.
Now that he was retired he spends more time with his daughter and working on his company making a certain miss potts happy, it wasn't the life he had envisioned for himself being a single father and all but since Mason came along tony had changed he bet if his younger self could see him now he wouldn't recognize himself.
“well, shit this makes things more complicated do you have any idea what those are,” Rhodey asked as he turned towards Tony.
In all considered times Tony was all for a party he would rule the floor, businessmen would sneer, the rich snobs would kiss his ass and woman and some men would sway at a mere wink of an eye, he would pat himself on the back grab a scotch and drank his night away all while he got the girl who he fancied the night in his bed, well before pepper that is, oh how times had changed, more like how he had changed, businessmen still sneered, men and woman still swayed and rich bastard snobs still tried to kiss his ass to just get that little piece of wealth that they could out of him, normally he could play with it or simply ignore it but today was NOT one of those days and he was getting annoyed by the second.
“And you know if i didn't want to Kiss you so bad i would have punched you in your perfect teeth” Tony hissed again.
“No can do boss”.
“Boss, little Macie is emitting too much energy causing the door to seal” Friday explained Tony cursed again hitting the door again shouting masons name but with the rumble and the screaming she couldn't hear him.
{Fury} Want to clue me in on this stark.
She nodded before she said “there is something very wrong with him” she pauses before she continues “He is sick”
“I dont know what you mean Mr. Stark” pepper said looking at him with false innocence before she waved through the crowd mingling as she goes, shaking his head Tony made his way towards T'challa.
Looking at the metal robotic dog tony was impressed how mason had made it, along body wired and covered with metal plates, four legs, it neck connected with long wires that had also been covered in metal plates he could see there were some spots that had been welded on which he had guessed that Friday had helped her with, its beak was pure metal along with the sharp teeth that were in its mouth which looked impeccably sharp for a six-year-old he hoped Friday had done them just thinking mason had ground them sharp made an unease shiver up his back, he looked at its eyes seeing it was tiny camera lenses that had been adjusted into its tiny head, to say tony was impressed was an understatement.
“So how do we keep that from happening again,” Tony asked rubbing his hand over his face stress showing vividly on his face.
Shrugging mason continued to play with Rex Tony was a little worried about the new development wondering if it stresses her too much something would happen again like before the earthquake from before had shaken the world badly place been destroyed floods had happened rock slides and over a period of time there had been smaller quakes all over the world, and with the fact that she was stronger than she was, he didn’t want to know how bad it would be now “how would you feel if we went to visit uncle Charles after school” Tony asked smiling as mason jumped up hugging him fiercely.
Meeting with prof Xavier
Xavier Mansion
“well it's strange, mason's powers are growing that is a fact but we can't exactly determent what they are exactly, on one point Mason show signs of Power over Manipulation Such as channeling, inducing effects, manipulating, mimicking, empowering, replicating powers, absorbing powers, etc, but then she leans towards Energy manipulation, which isn't exactly strange we do have an omega mutant with those abilities but Vulcan isn't here so how she mimicked or absorbed his powers we dont know, the only rational conclusion i can come up with is secondary mutation, but again those only come at a great deal of stress and it's limited to healing and appearance” Charles explained beckoning tony on as he started moving again.
“If this is all you wanted to talk about Ross your wasting my time,” Tony said stepping backward slightly he wasn't going to take his eyes of Ross neither was he going to turn his back on him God knows what he would do then but tony failed to notice the two men coming up behind him until he felt the sharp pinch in his neck as the needle pierced his skin and injected him with an unknown liquid, cold dread filled him as he realized what had just happened Tony turned sharply toward the two men now entering the room as he staggered away from them into the waiting hands of Ross, his body felt numb his mind was foggy the dread coming in full force as he feared what the unknown drug would do to his baby girl.
{Tony} Well before everything went to hell shield was the only Organisation the Avengers trusted.
Placing his hands on both sides of Masons head Charles closed his eyes entering into masons mind, walking through the shield she had on her mind Charles felt n hum going through his body he left the memories be as he went deeper while the hum started to intensive, he neared the target he had been searching for feeling the vibrations as his astral body image appeared into a pure white room almost blinding Charles when he opened his eyes taking in the room Charles noted it was completely empty no image of a beloved place or anything just stark white emptiness.
Tossing and turning tony could not get to sleep he had maybe an hour or more sleep in before he woke up again the sun was starting to rise and he already knew vision was in the kitchen the smell of bacon was starting to make his stomach turn in the worst way he hated that feeling
“What does Ross want with bartons family,” Rhodey asked.
Sighing with agitation “I know its a child wong but what is it doing here” Strange asked.
*No daddy I can’t I’m scared I want to come home* mason’s voice wobbled with tears and a new spike of fear went through him breaking hi to heart.
Passing back and forth Rhodey waited for any news it's been 6 hours since they had gotten back and he was getting worried, what was going on, was tony alright, was the baby alright, the door burst open and a very worried pepper and peter stepped into the waiting area.
Coming at a stop on the floor Rhodey had to get off, he hadn't said a word since Tony had told him the plan, Tony could see he was contemplating it so he stood waiting quietly (which was very difficult for him).
“What is the sole purpose you were created” Tony ask J.J.
“Hi, Sweetheart what are you doing huh,” tony asked sitting behind Mason looking over her shoulder.
“I bet you want to talk about it”asked rhodey watching tony flopped back on the bed.
“I went and had a rush Prenatal paternity test before i got back and i just read it” tony stated.
“How is he doing,” Natasha asks in return completely ignoring Sams question which didnt surprise him she always looked after everyone but herself even when she didn't have to.
*Yes sweetheart its daddy can you tell me where you are can you see anything are you hurt* tony asked almost begging the feeling of hearing his daughter’s voice again almost made him cry.
“What's your name?”.
“My, my aren't you a grump today Mr. Stark,” Pepper said as she stood beside tony holding onto a martini glass, dressed in a beautiful slender black and red dress that reached her ankles along with 4-inch black jimmy choo heels she looked stunning as always.
“What,” Tony asked.
Landing on a roof next to vision who was sent ahead of them “I dont know but let's see if we lure it back to the sea, if not we need to kill it without causing to much damage and casualties ill scan for any weak spots and relay any information i get to you” tony said firmly knowing what each has to do they set off.
“The people needed you more”.
So he did the one thing he knew would help her he agreed.
The mere mention of Rhodes had Sam winching with regret as the memory of Rhodes fall tormented his dreams just like his best friend Riley's did he couldn't save Riley and he didn't save Rhodes if he just didn't roll out of the way if he just had taken the hit Rhodes would still have his legs.
“Then Change it, Make it work,” fury states coolly and the last of the restraint Tony was so clinging on snapped.
Normally if anyone would ask if tony ever would want a child and all the responsibility that comes with the child Tony would laugh at them, LAUGH at them but here he was with child and all and he enjoyed it mason was an extremely smart child she was a fast learner she learned how to walk talk and potty trained in a course of a year not only that he had to go get mason out of Tony's lab not once but a couple of times and she was only three years old talk about the apple dont fall far from the tree.
Standing tony started swaying and his sight blurred the mind connection must have taken a lot out of him but he wasn’t going to stop him from going to get his baby girl back “I found her she’s in an old abandoned shoe factory in Brooklyn”.
Knowing he had been caught “okay okay i was, i need to go see Xavier again and try to figure everything out, like why only on certain situations i get static in my mind along with bits and pieces of information, or how on times i keep losing myself in my mind i forget everything around me and dwell and the farther i go the longer i stay”.
“I miss her too, look called to tell you I'm going to be in DC longer than planned” Rhodey explained looking extremely tired all of the sudden a look that didnt sit well with him making him look twice as old as he really was.
Frowning T’challa read report of mutant law enforcers using brutality and force on mutants even when said mutants had on the devices that doesn’t allow them to use their powers going as far as beating one to death and got away with it.
Not that he would make him think other whys of his baby he would refuse to be like his father, he will never be ignorant of his kid or treat him or her like his did to him even if he had no idea how to be a father he damn well would do his best to provide and support his kid and make him happy he is just glad he's not doing it alone“yauh I did but it doesn't matter at the end of the day it's still my kid, I will do a paternity test after he or she is born, and if they want to know who he is then I'll tell them even if not knowing is better then knowing it's their choice” tony replied.
“what did you find?.” rhodey asked turning his attention toward the screen.
“Where is this coming from Charles,” tony asked he didn’t like the look of concern on Charles's face he didn’t know if he wanted to find out what it meant.
Turning Strange and wong headed back into the room looking around to see if they could find whatever made that sound, there sitting smack dab in the middle of the room was the culprit full smiles and joy.
She was remarkable a child born with such power a perfect host unstoppable power, with a kind heart she was the one.
{Tony} Not yet but I'll stay in touch with the details, you just make sure you have that phone with you at all times.
Those words haunt tony endlessly, it been a month since the attack on Hawaii and tony couldn't get that moment out of his head, steve was right there, right there but Tony couldn't do it he should have told steve but he couldn't do it, does Steve deserve to know yes he does, does steve deserve to be part of his own daughter life most definitely, every fiber of his being wanted to tell him, just a big part of him deep down didn't want Steve to know, so he didn't tell him and God doesn't that make tony feel like shit.
“I understand Tony but it seems i have the one you're looking for” Charles chuckled watch as Mason peacefully drink her bottle in his lap, Charles had been going through paperwork when he had felt the swift change the hair on the back of his neck stood up as energy entered the room before Mason just suddenly popped onto his lap with her bottle in tow it was quite adorable.
Letting go of Steves hip tony grabbed him by the hair bring him up for a kiss lips moving in Rhythm all locked up passion and desire broke lose as the kiss goes on and on while the grind against each other, “OH GOD Steve” Tony moaned against Steve's lips he was so close breaking the kiss
“Come on stark just give up already” demanded the shadow there we're no face to the shadow of the man that stood there, he was back in that room he should have known that his rescue was all a dream, no vision no peter and no rhodey. “Come on stark give up” sneered the shadow as it grabbed tony by the hair and dragged him along to the tub full of water. Oh god, not again.
“I dont know, something is up,” Natasha said placing the phone on speaker“What do you think clint”.
Watching as Tony Stark and his companion leave T'challa turned to Okoye “Did you see that” T'challa asks his general.
Standing behind the doors leading him toward the stage, a stage he was going to make an announcement on he wasn't afraid he needed to do this it was for the best of his daughter who was home with her grandfather waiting and watching when he was going to make his announcement taking a breath tony reached for the door.
“Don't you touch her, don't you fucking touch her” tony yelled the fury inside him rose but so did the fear he was strapped to the makeshift bed he couldn't stop them even if he wanted to he wiggled and shift away from McCrawl as much as he could the hand shifted up to his chest and neck grabbing him by the jaw forcing tony to look at him.
“I keep trying to come up with a conclusion to why she would leave so easily, why she would leave me so easily but i keep on coming up blank” vision said staring out the window hoping he would find some kind of explanation out there.
One day when they had been at the park and mason had seen a boy with both his mother and father mason had looked up at him and asked him where her daddy was and due to his promise to her he told her the truth about why he wasn’t here with them.
“I don't remember most of the things they did to me they made sure i was mostly unconscious for it, i remember the torture, the pain and being sick a lot,” Tony said the pain wasn't such a big deal pain he was used to, the sickness was another story, he hated being sick from a young age, it made him feel useless and out off bound so he made sure he didn't get sick.
“Sometimes but it doesn’t matter I will always love mason no matter the problems we will just have to deal with it when the time comes,” tony said his voice confident and strong his devotion to his daughter was astounding.
“Ah ah,” the purple Giant said turning her head back toward the blade “Concentrate”. He watched as she balanced the blade on her finger“there you've got it” he said as she succeeded to balance it behind her laid one half of the planet's population dead.
“Stark-” fury began but Tony had, had enough.
Kissing him on the forehead “i need to go I still have a company to run but I will come for a visit from time to time. She looks at Rhodey and you better look after him and promise to send me updated okay.” she added as she hugged Rhodey, looking back as she left the room.
“Please Fry think about it J.J is going to be your little brother you can teach him everything you know since he's connected to you please I need something too to do Fry or boredom will make me do stupid stuff and dangerous things to please” Tony pleaded he hated to put Friday in a rock and hard place but it wasn't partly his fault yes he did something he wasn't supposed to but he needed too and everything had gone somewhat right.
“yes, most pregnancies have these kinds of occurrences and starts at the third trimester of pregnancy it's usually there to for warn that it's close to your due date and it's harmless there is nothing to worry about”.
“well honey my papa and mommy was taken from me when I was younger they were killed at first I thought it was an accident but later on I found out that it wasn’t and your daddy knew who had killed them but he didn’t tell papa about it about the fact that your uncle and daddies best friend was the one who killed my mommy and daddy” tony explained.
“When I went into Mason's mind I met an aspect of mason almost like a counterpart but it wasn’t it told me a few things that worried me”.
“It's kind of complicates at the moment a plan is being formed and things still need to be straightened out due to a certain exposure that we spoke of before so nothing has been settled yet until we get the ball completely rolling,” Tony said.
“I need you to wake up papa".
“You know Steve your an asshole, what kind of person keeps the death of their parents from their friend and lying about knowing who did it” Tony hissed as he stepped into Steve's space.
Looking up from the project he's been working on “thanks fry is there any way I can avoid it"tony really didn't want to meet with Ross or much less be in the same room with him, something other then usually does not sit right with Tony he knew Ross would do anything not only to get banner but to find the rogue avengers he had Friday compiled evidence against Ross but nothing solid.
Having a comeback tony was interrupted by Friday telling him his bloodwork results were done. “Put it up for me sweetheart,” Tony asked turning to where the results were beginning to show. It was quiet as both of them read what was in the report.
Glancing at the Dora leading them towards king T'challa office he had to wonder just how much training they had gone through to be the best of the best and he wondered if when his baby girl was born that she should learn how to protect herself it was a scary thought but also a nice one just knowing she could protect herself would somehow make him feel somewhat better but hell he was her father he was going to be protective and worry even if she just stubbed her to toe or break a nail he just knew he was going to be one of those overprotective Dads.
Flashes of green woman, men, and children smiling laughing enjoying the bright beautiful day flashed through Masons sleeping gaze smiling as the children played outside and the woman and men discussed their day watching their children but as fast as the joy came it was gone as Creatures in metal gear and weapons arrived rounding up everyone into two groups, a little girl calling out for her mother fighting one of the Creatures trying to get her hand free from it, one of her people bumped into it and it let go of her hand she pushed away turning she faces a giant purple man with Golden armor.
“I have asked you here to inform you of Mr. Starks arrival in a few hours, it would be best if you stayed in the guest wing until Mr. Starks departure,” T'challa said watching a cascade of emotions pass over the Avengers face, Anger, Sadness, and the most prominent Guilt “He and Mr. Rhodes will be here as my guest”.
A loud pitch cry pierced tony's sleep with the sun streaming behind tony's eyelids tony moaned he didn't want to wake up he was so warm and comfortable, tony moaned again when another cry rang through the room followed with more crying, he felt a little shake on his shoulder and movement at his back when an arm surrounded his bare waist “Morning Doll it's your turn” Steve said kissing tony on the shoulder, leaning his back against steves chest he really didn't want to move from this position but the untiring cry rang through the entire Apartment was unceasing “come on babe Maria wants her bottle” Steve says kissing Tony on the shoulder again and patting his hip as he turned away going back to sleep.
“Destiny is NEVER Wrong”
“Like what” tony sat down in front of Charles making him focus on him.
“Tony can you hear me,” a voice asked, it sounded so far away faint, his head pounded, with the minimal numbers running through his mind told him he was at the Xavier mansion what had happened, he remembers happy driving him to go talk to Charles but other then that was blur flashes of images that he couldn't grasp"Tony” the voice called out again, he slowly opens his eyes but quickly shut them again due to the brightness shining in his eyes.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
So on march almost April there had been massive power cuts basically we only had 4 hours of power so no reading writing and posting so i got a power bank and decided to read some of the old fanfic that i download while i write but then you see i was attacked, it was dramatic there were many of them, sterek, steter, steo, stacton, sciles,stargent even staloin(i think that was it) and yes they were all teen wolf*SOB*SOB* it was overwhelming.
“Do you know what this is about Nat?” Steve asks glancing around the room waiting for the king's arrival he wanted to go see Bucky again he could understand why he wanted to go back into cryo but it still felt like he was losing him all over again.
“And again i do thank you for that and due to my respect for you, your highness id rather not treat you like an idiot so lets drop the utter bullshit we” Tony gestured between him and Rhodey“ know the Roque Avengers are here, hiding and in truth we dont really care i came here to discuss the change of Accords and the possibility of pardoning the Avengers” Tony stated bluntly.
“you as well Mr. Stark” T'challa bowed his head in return as they went there separate ways.
“What the hell is that thing” Rhodey commented with disgust as blob-like body squirmed through the streets destroying everything in its path.
As the end of the third month came tony almost gave up on being saved he knew vision should have been able to find him by now he was an android for god sake. Waking with a startle sitting up straight he wondered what woke him there was no noise as he was about to lay down again the alarm sounded intruders feeling the hope he shoved down to rise again he stood up trying to hear what's going on after a while Tony could hear gunshots and screaming lots of screaming he was halfway to the door when.
“Why, what happened”
The last gala part one
“Breaking and entering is a criminal offense you know,” Tony said as he walked towards the kitchen, grabbing Two bottles water from the fridge the feel of fury stare at the back of his head had him on edge as much as he is used too being stared at he hated it now it felt like they were looking straight through him and seeing not only every scar he had but also his baby girl growing in his womb and given that this is fury who is no doubt in contact with Romanoff which is linked to Rogers made it so many times worse.
“Was it a one-night stand accident”.
Shaking his head hoping it would clear some of the fog that was still there “I'm fine just a weird dream” he reassured her but he wasn't alright because somehow he knew it wasn't a dream.
“ I'm sorry i can't-can't do this” breathed a stutter,
Busting into the room Mason came to an abrupt stop the room was empty except for stark laying on the makeshift bed he was halfway undressed and the look of shock and fear told her something had happened and she had just missed it but where were the guards, before she could question it further she hears multiple footsteps coming this way she needed to act now, she rushed forward reaching she straightened tony's clothes before the men came she could hear them getting closer and the completely confused look on starks face made her feel sad “look i know you dont understand and i dont really need you to but what i do need you to know I'm going to do my best to get you out of here i promise i can't get you out now they are almost here ill try to get in contact with you people and sent them your coordinated but i can't do that just yet” Mason whispered as she finished fasting up his pants.
“So what do you suggest?”
Rhodey knew he should have handled it better but tony in the presence of the Roque avengers made him feel unsettled and angry and he took it out in tony which he regrets now.
“No, No you need to leave now,” Tony said nut he still didnt move anywhere near steve.
“Yes but you may not like it,” Tony said before he removed the device from his coat pocket “its twin bracelets designed after the neck devices that take away the powers of a mutant, it’s been modified to damper her powers with three settings to completely remove her powers, to keep it at a controllable state or to allow her to use her powers fully, it goes from the wrist up over the palm and in between the two middle fingers it’s also have a fingerprint scanner so that nobody can remove it but me and you,” Tony said as he showed the device to Charles “I know mason will try and upgrade it so I allowed a few more advances to be added when she does decide to do so”.
Nodding her head mason called Rex who came bounding towards her tongue lolled out at one corner of its mouth all yippy and happy mason placed her hand on Rex Head petting him lightly before she closed her eyes and a soft glow formed inside her hand lighting up her hand she moved her hand away turning it towards Charles showing him the white glowing energy ball with sparks bouncing around it, Charles gaped turning he looked at where Rex had stood and sawed the robotic dog was only metal and wires placed together to make the shape of a dog and it was a striking resemblance to a dog if Charles hadn’t been in shock he would have been impressed but then again she was Tony’s daughter,
Hearing the lie in his word T'challa frowned but let it go he knew if stark didnt want to tell him he won't be able to get it out of him“ alright let me show you off”
“i should have been there for you and i wasn't,” Steve said surprising tony by taking his hands.
Tony hated when rhodey is upset and he is the reason why he hated himself for worrying rhodey when he had more important stuff to do." Okay okay, you can have Friday call".
“Oh thank God,” Rhodey said before taking a good look at tony he was extremely pale almost ghost-like and he was still swaying a bit “tones why don’t you stay you don’t look so good I’ll go and get mason back”
“Outmaneuver her Tony,” Pepper said taking a sip of coffee while she waited for tony to catch her she didnt want to leave before saying goodbye to her Goddaughter but mason needed a bath first before she could go so she waited and watched.
“i was hoping you could be a consultant or a founding member of the diverse council I'm planning to put in order” Tony explained...
Waving his hand in dismissal he couldn't allow T'challa's help knowing one test could show them what exactly was wrong he didnt wants to have to explain what had happened and having Rogers finding out about is not an option “yes I'm fine oldness can do this kind of things” tony lie hoping it would work he didnt really have any good excuses.
Steve frowned it couldn't be that late it was still early morning when Tony had left, how long had he slept“ill be right there just need a few seconds to wake up”.
It was almost ten when tony had finally gotten Mason to bed she had put on a struggle she had also been fighting sleep the tiny yawns was adorable but as soon as Tony started reading to her she lost the battle of sleep after he put her in bed tony headed down to the workshop trying to get in as much as work as he could before he too loses the battle of sleep.
“Oh don't give me that, I know you Charles why was testing starks Abilities so important this morning when you could have just asked” Erik questioned Charles, he hated when he had to pull information out of Charles, it didn't sit well with him well.
Tony sat and watched mason sleep worrying his lip he wanted to tell her so bad about why he was worried he knew she would understand he needed to go back to wakanda the UN had been paying close attention to Tony’s new Council looking for ways to implant their people so they could have an upper hand in deciding mutants and enchanted individuals fate and with T’challa, Charles and the presidents support the council have been made legal and put into place of authority over mutants and enchanted individuals, only the other day Rhodey had been approached by one of the UN’s lackeys with an offer work for them under the UN guidance or be dishonorable discharge from service only in the eyes of corruption was that un offer but to them, it was blackmail which was stopped swiftly with a visit from the president Tony bet they didn’t see that coming, he wanted to take mason with him to wakanda introduce her to more advance technology but he didn’t know if she would be able to deal with the energy emitting from the place and her losing control while they were there was a big no, no.
Hands groping feeling every inch of tony body, while Tony undid steve's belt and unzipping him pushing his hand in gripping steve's Cock Stroking him a little awkwardly due to the confines of Steve's pants.
“No, it only lasted a few minutes and the overly tight sensation is gone too” Tony explained.
Slowly steve made his way towards tony he knew tony won't back down he stood his ground standing in front of him steve saw tony looked younger and almost flawless but he knew the truth.
He could tell they were enjoying his pain he was in, he stayed cuff to the bed for 21 days so his wound could heal and be removed with minimal pain it was torture being cuffed to the bed being cleaned and fed taking the last bit of his freedom it took him a week to heal and walk again but then they came again with more guard so he didn't fight they didn't want the same thing to happen like before so they came prepared for it he couldn't remember what they did to him they knocked him unconcience after that, they left him alone which was strange the guards didn't abuse him as they use to which was on the plus side that and the more food before they gave him barely scraps.
“So we may have a problem”
“Depending on what you mean Erik” Charles answers Charles still didn't look at him.
Startling awake mason jumped out of bed and headed for her papa’s room with Rex on her tail she didn’t want to sleep alone after that dream her heart had hurt when she woke up opening the door mason crawled up the bed and shook her papa shoulder waking him up “Macie sweetheart what is it” he asked his voice groggy with sleep.
Tony wasn't stupid he knew the Rogue avengers was hold up there, he was angry at first but got over it he was too old for grudges although now he looked younger then he was before, stronger too.
Tony knew Ross was trying to hit a nerve, but all it did was send a chill down his spine and Tony suppressed it didn't show it either he was too good at hiding his emotions“ I've dealt with it, what is it you want Ross I don't think it my mental state you want to talk about”
Oh, Tony regrets it all, Every fucking thing.
Shaking his head tony raised his arm and fire up the repulsor with no intent to shoot“No we don't, you need to go Steve” Tony said he could see Steve wanted to say something more but before he could Natasha grabbed him by the shoulders trying to steer him toward their quinjet.
“Mr. Stark it's an enjoyable event aren't you enjoying yourself,” T'challa asks eyeing tony almost as if he was searching for something, he was tired of being stared at Tony doesn't by any means have a self-esteem problem he knew he was hot even for his age so he shook it off and smiled.
“No, No” Tony yelled struggling to get free but the grip was too strong, the others tried to lift him to get his underwear off, the almost unadulterated fear coursing through him made his body shiver and sweat as McCrawl moved closer to him his hard cock hanging out of his unzipped pants.
Looking at the kid that had enter the room tony couldn't really see what made the kid a mutant he looked almost the same age as Parker, the kid had black hair, a lean and long frame the only thing that does give him away is his eyes Rainforest green with a bright glow which was quite impressive.
THE END
Jumping at his voice tony turned his way sharply his eyes wide with disbelief “Stave what are you doing here how did you get in” tony said frantically he wasn't scared of steve it looked like he was scared steve would get caught.
(1. His lower torso hurts like hell well more like his whole body hurt like hell like he was run over by the hulk without his hulk buster suit on.
Fear settled in him at any moment something could go wrong the car could flip with the wrong push or they could successfully pull them over and then who knows what they'll do.
Standing ross walked to the large window he looked out “stark for all we know he could be there and if he isn't then we could find him by using them to lure him in”
Upon arrival, Steve could see the rest of the avenger were already gathered around the living space Natasha, Clint, and Wanda sat together on the long futon while Scott and Sam took the two-seater while he took the single, T'challa had allowed them to live in the guest wing it had become their little home.
°°°°°°°°°°
Looking up at her father mason felt there was more to the story something her father wasn’t telling her “He hurt you to papa didn’t he”.
A stabbing pain rocketed through his stomach while he felt the very first movement his baby girl made as she kicked him in the ribs he wanted to cup his stomach but he knew it would have given it away somehow so he gripped the chair arm as a breath gasp left him when he felt the movement again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sitting on the bed the guard grabbed tony by the jaw forcing tony to look at him “oh don't worry you will find out soon” patting him on the cheek he stood up and on his way to the door but turned “oh and get used to being cuffed stark you will be staying like that til your wound  heal, don't want you to ruin the good work the doc did now do we” laughing as he left Tony in his painful thought
While trying to get lose from the cuffs tony didn't hear the door open until the guard spoke “Masterpiece isn't it stark” walking closer to the bed,
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“Boss a vulnerable spot has opened right below their tentacles” Friday informed Tony who turned toward Rogers.
Patting tony on the back“ i understand we will figure it out but you're not going out alone, just give me a few minutes and ill go with you”.
She knew it would come to this not that she wished it did but she knew but when you do bad shit and don't suffer the consequences for them the wheel always turns she regretted even agreeing to Hydra proposal although saving her son was a great reason why she did but doing what hydra had wanted her to do was all kind of wrong with leads her to this predicament as they waited for Tony's team she was starting to get worried tony had been in labor for four hours now and it looked like it was going to be a long process the battle noise had died down a little, hoping that they would arrive soon as she checked tony out he was still panting she could understand his pain she had gone through it herself.
Knowing he needed to discuss all the details with pepper about her plan but tony needed to make plans of his own he needed to find a way to get the now rogue avengers pardons.
“Yes Right,” he said ignoring the buzz at the back of his head, “ some strange things have been happening to me, i could do thing that i couldn't before and i didn't know why so, i did some tests and i found a mutant gene known by as the X-gene and i know that is impossible, i wasn't born with the X-gene, also neither one of my parents had the X-Gene well not that i knew of anyways”
After a long time of silence, Tony was about to walk away, when the Workshop doors opened fist-bumping the air tony walked in taking note of everting he needed to do but most of it was heavy lifting and he promised he would take it easy.
“No boss the only thing i can find was the sanctioned and not authorized missions that he was deployed on but the government and council already knew about them and other than the here and their things seems quite simple” Friday spoke voice hinting irritation he was feeling right now, he wasn't surprised the government knew about Ross's seedy business and decided to turn a blind eye but that doesn't mean tony wasn't going to use it to his advantage, blackmail seems like the wisest decision tony could come up with for when it is needed“ however boss there seem to be a large sums of money being extracted from is accounts”.
“I'm well aware and that's not why I'm here, I heard a rumor that you went missing for 3 months again care to elaborate,” fury asks staring at Tony with intent to get answers, which he wasn't willing to give, he didn't owe fury anything yes sometimes fury did show that he cared for example when they had been hiding from Ultron at barton's farmhouse he was at a dark place believing he was the one who ended the Avengers and yes he sometimes still believed it but he now knows it wasn't his fault that the Avengers split this time, This time it was Rogers doing.
“that's strange the X-gene is a Genetic Trait that allows the mutant to naturally develop superhuman powers and abilities, how exactly did you obtain it without being born with it,” Hank asked taking a cup of tea jean had just arrived with.
“Would it hurt?” mason said in a small voice.
*******************************************
If only they were prepared for what really came.
“ what is it,” Tony asked.
attack
He sat there for hours watching as mason assembled her puppy it was cute as she placed him on the floor a big wide smile on her face as it was done the feeling of happiness and pride went through him as he felt her emotions “It’s done papa, it's done” Mason practically screamed making tony wince at the pitch of her voice.
“Oh God” pepper whispered as her gaze landed on mason little butterfly catcher she had been playing with laying by one of the bushed that was near the road, sinking down on her knees pepper took hold of the toy and coming to realize what had just happened.
I'm sorry i haven't updated in a while but i got i really good reason
Nodding Sam turned and walked back to the common room as Steve closed the door he got a strange feeling he walked toward his bedside looking at his clock Steve saw he had been asleep for almost seven to Eight hours.
“Yes they are safe i got them out in time they reside in one of the privet islands in the Philippines and they only miss barton their fine none the less,” Tony said placing his hands in his pockets turning to head back to the party.
Now here he is sitting in a cold, dark and disgusting room full of needle marks and bruises. They took so much blood tony's surprised he has any blood left. And let's not forget about injecting shit into him that he didn't know what it was. But whatever it was hurt like hell and it made him sick. headaches, dizziness, fever, nausea the works.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“Be ready he will Come”
The fact that Charles hadn't asked stark what his abilities were surprised Erik usually its the first thing he needed to know, he knows Charles better than anyone he saw the flinge when starks car arrived even when Charles tried to cover it.
“Me, sneak out, no pfft, why would i want to sneak out of my own home” Tony scoffed trying his best to sound offended by his remark.
they had him for 3 months before anyone came to save him 2 months for expermenting and a month for it to settle and take hold.
“Okay good everything seems to be in order J.J i want you to record a message for me,” Tony said taping away on his computer before turning towards J.J “Are you Ready,” Tony asked sitting straighter in his chair it was at least he could do, they weren't going tell Steve about the baby so he needed steve to know it wasn't because he wanted to keep the child away from him it just would be best for him to not know, everyone is going to come after her just because of tony, tony didnt want 117 countries's going after her because she was Steve's daughter too.
Looking at Rhodey back to the doctor tony asked “so when do you want to do this doc” trying to put as much as Confidence in his voice, trying not show the nervousness in his expression.
“How did you find out”.
“Well I'm sorry you feel like that if i could make it better i would, but you do know what they say about safe sex tony” pepper said pulling a laugh out of tony, god how he loved this woman.
“Well can't really say bad news”, tony gave a humorless laugh, “but the other biological father is Rogers”.
An Explosion rocked the building as they announced their arrival, no alarms had gone off to warn Hydra of the upcoming attack thanks to Dr. Halliway it should be easy in and out, Charles had also volunteered the X-men to help in Tony's rescue but they knew if the world found out about it there would be too many questions that were going to be asked questions they didn't need so it was a three men op, they just hope they can get to Tony in time.
~~{&}~~
Next baby starks Childhood
Tony was standing near the window looking out the city he looked beautiful funny he never really noticed until now, he didnt se the baby anywhere so she should be in the nursery.
Being pulled from his thoughts he looked up from where he was staring at his hands.“ Sorry say that again” Tony asked.
Wakanda part 1
Tony hummed half-asleep half-awake he knew after every nightmare mason had ever had she had trouble falling asleep so tony stayed awake until mason was fast asleep again “why are you mad at daddy” mason asked softly the question taking tony by surprise he didn’t expect that from his daughter no less in the middle of the night.
Having heard her scream pepper looked at where she had last seen mason only to see she wasn’t there anymore panic settled in as they searched the park and Mason was nowhere to be found “ Mason” pepper yelled out but no answer she turned towards happy that had returned from searching the other end of the park “ anything” pepper asked.
“the one part yes it's almost the same serum Rogers has in him there is just some there that are a little deferent then Rogers but the others i have no clue to what they are but i will find out what it just needs time”running his hand through his hair letting out a sigh he been doing it a lot lately thing just keeps on getting complicated he's tired more tired then he has ever been even when he didn't sleep 72 hours.
“Scott” Steve cut into Scott's babbling, he knew if he didn't stop Scott now he would babble on for hours.
Tony wasn't surprised Ross would go so low, he just didn't expect it to be that bluntly *asshole* “Even if I did know ross I wouldn't tell you, they don't have anything to do with this and you know it”
“You know Steve your an asshole, what kind of person keeps the death of their parents from them ” Tony hissed as he stepped into Steve's space.
“Dont worry tony ill send vision to come and get her” Rhodey explained as he rolled the bed “ but its time to go home”
The sun was shining the air was wonderful and even the road was quiet and yet Tony couldn't focus his mind keep wondering from place to place one problem after another there wasn't a problem he couldn't solve in turn made this completely maddening.
IN DC
“AS MUCH AS I DONT LIKE TO BE NEAR THEM I HAVE TO DO THIS NOT JUST FOR ME FOR MY DAUGHTER IF I GET THE AVENGERS BACK I CAN RETIRE WITHOUT HER WORRYING IF SHE IS EVER GOING TO SEE ME AGAIN, I ALREADY LOST PEPPER THAT WAY IM NOT LOSING HER TOO AND SHE IS NOT LOSING ME” Tony yelled completely consumed in his mood swing, not even noticing with every word he yelled out the lights had started to flicker and vibrate.
“How long was I out,” he asked wiping the sleep out of his eyes and holding back a yawn.
“Yes my friend we may have a problem”
“No, why,” Natasha said as she took a seat next to Steve.
“Thank you,u, sir,” Rhodey said before he left.
“masons powers are quite complicated,” Charles said making tony halt that was not what he wanted to hear he knew she was powerful Charles mentioned so when he was pregnant with her but not complicated.
Rhodey was speechless he had known it was coming tony had been acting snappish and defensive all morning he didn't want to upset Tony but he needed for tony to let it out before they had to go to Wakanda {Much to his dismay and disapproval} so he pushed and prodded and questioned Tony choice but he hasn't expected this“Tony” Rhodey called out.
“Stark had made it to Xavier mansion, I specifically remember telling you to get him before he arrives, what happened”.
“I dont care i want that child out of him now if you won't do it then ill find someone who will take your place” the man spoke completely oblivious to her annoyance or he just didn't care, dreed filled him they wanted to take his baby away from him.
“It's okay vision just didn't expect it you been quiet these days we almost never see you, are you okay” looking at vision he couldn't tell the wear and tear the man was going through but Tony could see it in his eyes it was a familiar look he knew quite a lot from having experienced it himself.
“We are ready Sir,” J.J said in his childlike voice he had wanted J.J to grow along with her, his voice would change as they both grow up becoming who Tony knows she could be.
My name is Mason Maria Stark.
“Woah tony what the hell, please explain what just happened,”Rhodey asked he looked surprised as if tony just magically appeared.
“Tony, there is one thing you should know all though mutants have been tolerated everywhere around the world there not exactly well appreciated anywhere it would be best if we kept your and your daughter's mutation quiet” Charles explained the fact that his daughter wouldn't always have a peaceful and enjoying life broke his heart a little he wanted her to live a life he never could to be able to smell the roses without mass mob of paparazzi following her around but knowing that she was a stark it was going to happen anyway even if they did keep quiet.
“You know the next time you convince me its a good idea to let you go out alone I'm going to make sure Friday lock you up in the tower” Rhodey said as he helped Tony into a sitting position, Tony understood that rhodey was angry and he doesn't blame him but Tony couldn't have known they would go after him now.
What had shield done for the Avenger since they went dark, what had fury done for the accords and most of all what had fury done to make up for his mistakes other than releasing all shields data and information out into the world for all potential enemies to get their hands on and in danger shields employes oh but that was exposing hydra, like there weren't any other most efficient ways to deal with hydra without killing everyone on their payroll.
He wondered when it became morning he couldn't have slept so long he always woke up before the sunrise no matter how late he stayed awake.
Watching as Tony went back to work made him wonder if Tony was even listening to him but the tenseness of his shoulders told him he was, when Rhodey had found out what happened in Siberia he was borderline downright pissed all he wanted to do is find Rogers and beat his head in, but it wouldn't help anyone if he did and tony would have blamed himself again and that's the last thing he wanted.
Tony was grabbed from behind just when he entered the conference room, feeling a pinch at his neck and numbness reach his body he knew he was drugged as the darkness started to claim him he heard a very unexpected voice
“Okay long story short, before this trip I had a meeting with Ross he wanted to know where bartons family were so I lied and said I didn't know, a few hours after that i started getting a buzz in the back of the head, and now i just found out Ross is so close finding bartons family, i need to get them out of there and somewhere safe” tony Explained to Rhodey hoping he would understand.
Regardless they didn't take no for an answer and he got waterboarded again. He knew they were coming for him it was just a matter of time patients wasn't his best quality but he could bear with the beatings and the waterboarding until then.
Human, on thing he prided and hated about himself, is that he was human he had no superpower, no enchanted senses, super speed or super strength but that was okay because he was iron man tony fucking stark he didn't need all that to be great he was born great well at least he thought so, had thought so not so much anymore.
What happened to stark was he okay.
“What do you mean, like what”
When Tony had given Bow permission to enter his mind to help him Charles was taken back with the amount of loud clustered thoughts that rampaged his mind.
Looking down at his baby he couldn't help smile “You could help but be more like your daddy nu could you” Tony laughed shaking his head “Happy Birthday Steve”.
“As bait for barton” Tony added without a beat.
“Mutant?” shocked he suspected the Super solder serum DNA but mutant DNA he was surprised
“they are blocking my every move making sure i dont get to talk to the president either he doesn't know about this or he is the one making sure i dont talk to him but I'm not going to stop for mason I'm going to make sure she is safe.
So he made her J.J  an AI that could go anywhere she could, so if she was in any danger he would be there to protect her,(and the truth) he knew not telling Rogers about the baby was not fair and or wrong but he just couldn't do it for the life of him he just couldn't tell him, Tony couldn't count on both his hands how many times he had the phone open in his hands ready to press the call button only to freeze and close it which is why he also had a recorder system placed to the body of J.J so he could catch the precious moments Steve would miss.
“Are you sure you want to do this tony?” pepper ask coming to stand next to him he knew she was worried this was a big step for him but he wanted to do it.
“Thank you, your highness, I’ll let you know” Tony shook T’challa hand before entering the quinjet.
A loud bang on the door followed by another before it was thrown open and vision walked into the room, feeling as a massive load was lifted off his shoulders he sank to the floor laughing “you took your god damn time”
“No, no, no” tony panted frantically when he didn't see Dr. Halliway among one of them she was the only one he could trust and she wasn't there, they pushed him out of one room into another he felt a wave of ease as he saw Dr. Halliway came into view everything went over in a flash they moved him from room to room as they tried to get him out of there before the Avengers could get to him but with the labor and his contractions coming closer together there weren't much time left, his baby was coming and she wasn't waiting for anyone.
Heading towards the conference room, Tony had received a call from Ross stating it was urgent that they needed to meet and if Tony didn't go he would go to tony and he couldn't have that, so he made sure to hide his bulging stomach so it wouldn't look as if he was pregnant difficult task that is it was almost past eleven then Tony Arrived it was quiet.
“I had help”.
So now here he sits in his kitchen with the fifth cup of tea( Yes tea because a certain platypus needed to get his ass kicked for throwing away the Coffee and getting rid of the coffee machine)staring into the distance when a well prim and refreshed pepper came into the kitchen no matter what time it was or where she was pepper was always organized and well-dressed walking to where the coffee machine used to be looking for her caffeine fix
“The orders were to get stark out before he delivers the weapon and that's what we're going to do” the guard assigned to the doctors spoke giving the guards weapon a glance a plan formed inside her mind.
“Mr. Rogers had some business he had to take care of,” T'challa said a knowing look on his face told Natasha that he knew where Steve was and he wasn't going to share.
“What secret” mason asked well here it goes Tony thought.
I am not a medical professional I did look it up as much as I could
Shaking his head steve gripped tony face in both his hands “ still i should have bee...” steve was cut off with tony's lips as he surged forward for a kiss.
“Sorry i was asleep” Steve reply yawning slightly.
As the chopper had landed Laura Barton was standing outside her house she had heard the chopper coming, hoping it was Clint but she knew it couldn't be she, however, was surprised when stark climes out of the chopper.
Truth be told he didn't want to find out, sometimes not knowing is better than the known but he needed to know what they really did to him, it has been bothering him for awhile.
“ tony you have to understand the un normality of it all I know it's just a baby James but....”
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“You know you're not supposed to be in here doctors orders”Rhodey stated as he walked into the lab he knows he should be angry with Tony, he should be resting the doctor told him it may be a rough pregnancy the second time they went for ultrasound and a checkup to see if everything was still okay the doctor had an expression on his face that he couldn't explain but he didn't like it.
“You see professor I’m only an aspect of mason I’m not her power or her persona what I am however is her buffer I become the person she needs to be when she is in danger or if she is unable to protect her own, as she grows so shall I and so shall our power and until her destiny has been fulfilled I will be here to protect those needed of my protection” Enigma explained questions buzzed through Charles mind one most for frontal then them all.
Mere minutes passed before the building stopped shaking and the door to mason's room opened rushing in tony spotted mason in the corner of her room her eyes red and wet with tears “Oh thank god” tony rushed towards his little girl taking her into his arms rocking her back and forth trying to comfort her “Shhh everything is going to be okay”.
“Yours no, not so much, your daughters, however, yes” Charles stated watching their reaction pointedly looking for any form of emotion that would cross their expressions.
“Did he fight?” debroski asked as he watched him put stark on the operation table
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
“What did you want me to do fury, let go of the little control we had, join the rogue avengers and say No to 117 countries” Tony chuckles humorlessly “ You and I both know it doesn't work like that,”.
•••••••••••••••••••••
“On it,” Tony said after helping one group away from the trashing tentacles, he took to the air dodging the tentacles as they made a swipe at him, landing tony could see crashed and crushed pieces of cars and debris making his way toward the group who was stuck by an overturned truck blocking both the window and door, walking toward the truck tony grabbed one part of the end and started to pull the truck away.
“Steve come on” Natasha pulled steve toward the quinjet keeping a close eye on tony there was little to no emotion on Natasha's face only a flicker of something in her eyes long gone before Tony could read it, so he lowered the repulsor and turned to deal with the authorities as they came just after the rogue avengers had left, it was going to be a long day he can only imagine Ross blowing up his phone with questions he didnt want to answer.
“Yes I guessed I just needed a little me time” Tony lied placing two full stacked folder on the table.
BACK AT THE TOWER.
(See the end of the chapter for
“As much as we can speculate on what had really happened there is no proof anything did happen, and i understand your worry for him but there is nothing we or you can do without causing an incident or getting captured, so if you will excuse me i have meetings to go to and a country to run” T'challa said as he bid them a farewell and left.
Helping bartons wife pack and getting her kids into the chopper the buzz from before started again, it didn't take Tony long before he cleared up the vocals, he was getting better at using his abilities it still gave him a minor headache but it was durable.
“Give them leeway allow them to do what they were meant to do save lives protect their country but also put restrictions and if they crossed the line set  repercussions but also be understanding that there will be mistakes by accident then set punishments and if intentional set heavy consequence, it doesn't have to be Crime to be made special or be born that way” stark said ending with a sigh as if it was a load off his chest.
The morning they had arrived at Xavier’s mansion, they sat in his office they had been coming to Charles ever since mason was born he was glad he had their help with mason’s powers or else he wouldn’t have known what to do sure he would have figured it out but he was grateful.
There were voices in the room with Tony, he could make out two of them a woman and man he didnt open his eyes he wanted to know what they were saying and if they knew he was awake they would stop, so he listened.
9:32 pm
“No wait that can’t be all” Charles called out he hadn’t been able to ask many questions due to his shocking state and now he regretted it as his astral body was pulled out of Mason mind, his eyes snapped open looking at mason face almost unbelievably similar to Enigma without the cold cruel eye.
“Mason was meant to survive for a greater purpose, a purpose we can’t even imagine and only she can discover it and it had nothing to do with the serums or the mutant gene although it had a part in it but it’s something more and we don’t know what it is” Charles explained tony looked toward where mason was playing now knowing the heavy burden that will be sitting on his daughters shoulders made him want her to remain a child to allow her to enjoy her childhood even if it’s just for a while.
“Oh for fuck sakes” he pants gripping the sheets underneath him as another contraction swept through him“ no not now, not now please” Tony begged he didn't want to give birth here and he knew for a fact the doctors were rushing to get ready they wanted his baby girl and god help him he was going to do everything in his power to make sure they never get her, panting and groaning as pain came and went letting out another scream as the contractions got worse it felt like he was being ripped apart, three doctors burst through the doors rushing toward him.
Tony couldn't believe it it was going so smoothly he had the kings support and he could understand the pardons was going to take some time all that he could understand and he was grateful only know he could only hope he could get the kings to support in his little project “I understand your highness vision is still part of the Avengers and will be there after my absence so is Colonel Rhodes and we can work out the details as we go but if you will there is another opportunity i wanted to discuss...”
“This is J.J, he is a prototype Ai system a guardian of sorts he will be there to protect the baby when she is born and I know, why need him if we are there but we would not always be with her to protect her, he's not done yet it still has some added additional adjustments that need to be done but when he is done he will be fully operational” Tony knew he was ranting off but the concern look Rhodey was giving him was working on his nerves.
“I gave a sample of my blood to Friday to see what they injected me with Friday will alert me when she is done shouldn't take long nonetheless”
“He would have wanted to see this” Natasha prodded by the smile that spread The king's face told her she wasn't going to get anywhere even if she prodded.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••
“Overly tight and pain,” the doctor said“ ah i see you Mr.Stark have experienced what we consider the Braxton hicks.
Reaching inside he searched for a way to calm down to not stress the baby even more as the steady race of her heartbeat filled his ears but the sound of the cars bashing against their's kept coming
Frowning at the sudden light behind tony eyes he slowly woke from a blissful sleep he didn't want to wake up but the was sun shining in his eyes.
“Okay J.J stop recording we are done for now”
Shaking his head tony chuckles softly almost a whisper “Of course you knew, why did you stay quiet about it” Tony asked he expected it he was confused about the why and how “ and if you can't go inside my mind how did you find out”.
Blowing out a breath dragging his hand through his hair, not knowing how to explain it to Rhodey without worrying him even more than he already does, he was supposed to concentrate on himself getting better learning how to properly walk again, he knows the brace's work but it's only a prototype,
Hi all sorry it been so long i have had this ready but didn't get a chance to update so for having to wait so long i am going to give you 2 yes 2 spoilers of the upcoming future chapters hope you enjoy.<3
If he came out of the bathroom completely drenched with a very dressed and dry mason Pepper wasn't going to say anything.
“remember when you asked me if i was going to do a paturnity test and i told you it didn't matter”tony asked Rhodey
“yes your highness”.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
Pain so unbearable tore through tony he let out an agonizing scream it wasn't like any pain he felt before leaving him shaking and drenched in sweat it wasn't long before it was gone another wave of pain overcame him, he knew the signs the pain and the overwhelming desire to push told him he was in labor which was not good, not just about the place he was in but because the Hydra base was under attack due to a rescue attempt of all the things to happen at this moment she decided to be born.
“Sir you have an incoming video call from Colonel Rhodes” Friday announced pulling tony out of his project.
“well I'm glad you liked it tony,” Raven said smiling at Tony as she stacked the dirty plates to be washed while the rest went to Charles study he had offered lend a hand but was waved away stated it would be fast and that he should join the rest.
“The Accord that is now in place if you go through it you will see too many it's a jail sentence a way to back one in a corner to force one to do as the other says like you tell a doctor if he doesn't sign the agreement he can't save lives or a firefighter if he doesn't sign the agreement he can't put out fires in all scenarios people will die and then the people who lost the ones they love will blame the ones who couldn't do their jobs because they were told not too”
“Cold, wet and miserable, hows sweet pea,” Rhodey asked and Tony had to smile Mason had both Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy not to mention peter wrapped around her tiny finger it would have been Hilarious if he wasn't wrapped around her fingers too.
“TONY WATCH OUT” screamed Rhodey in panic, startled by it tony looked up to see one of the monster's tentacles coming straight down on top of him before tony could raise a gauntlet to fire at the tentacle and jump out of the way a piece of sharp metal flew and sliced through the tentacle allowing it to fall to the side, dumbstruck tony turned to see where the metal flew from only for him to freeze as he spots Steve walking towards him.
