Cas was in, he had to find Dean. Following his nose he went through the house up the stairs right to the bedroom that stank of Omega in heat and sickening scent of Alpha arousal. Slamming through the door he looked seeing Michael over Dean; the Alpha forcing the smaller Omega in to a presentation posture both naked as the day they were born. He saw red.
Moving slowly whilst the Omega was kissing him frantically Cas picked Dean up just like last night hands on that perfect ass, but, this time there were no clothes in the way so the tips of his index fingers on either side were just ghosting over Dean’s hole causing the Omega to moan loudly and his already hard prick to start smearing precum all over Cas’s belly. Slowly he made his way towards the bathroom housing the Omega up with one hand whilst the other turned on the shower.
What Sam didn’t realise that the shower had turned off or that Dean was waiting outside the room listening to the Alphas talk. Eventually Sam stood to go get started on dinner.
Then he stated to push in, and Dean’s eyes rolled back and he entered bliss. His Alpha was inside him, he was complete. Cas set a punishing pace grabbing a hold of Dean’s hips to pull him back, in and out. Dean went to grab his prick hoping to jerk it in time with Cas’s thrusts but was stopped when Cas growled and grabbed his hand.
What do we think? please comment and let me know. Next chapter will be about Sam and Gabriel and takes place at the same time.
“C, C, Cassssss” Dean groaned again against the hand keeping him down pressed firmly in between his shoulders blades, somehow he was face down on the bed. Well not somehow Cas had carried him though the house basically ripped of his clothes thrown him on the bed and went to town. That was maybe 20 minutes; maybe an hour ago he really couldn’t tell anymore.
The shopping had been uneventful that was until he was heading out to the car park. Get back into baby and head home that was until he heard it that voice “Hey, pretty Omega” the voice came and an instant shiver ran up Dean’s spine, that voice belonged to Alastair a total slim ball who treated Omega’s as less then human.
“Cassie” oh she’s using Gabe’s nickname. He’s going to be made to feel like a child, for only children get answered in that tone of voice “I’ve known you all your life, and women have never been how’d uncle put it “not your cup of Tea”” she continued right down to the air quotes.
But before he could lose himself to how badly he fucked up, Castiel’s farther spoke up “Cas I like him, he’s definitely your Omega!” his voice was soft but he could tell that unlike his own farther when Chuck spoke everyone listened. Eventually Amara stood excusing herself, offing her hand to Dean “I wish to show Dean here some of the room” the question was directed towards Castiel, as the Alpha he had the right to say no.
“Ah im sorry sweetheart but I’ve got to go into work” he sounded glum, down and slightly relived. As he stood and walked down the drive towards another car, a black Continental Bentley that Cas had gotten for graduating from Medical school with honours. How had dean missed that? It wasn’t as good as American muscle cars like baby but he could appreciated a good car like that.
“Yeah it was sweetheart” Cas lent down and kissed his beautiful Omega. Leaning back Cas became very still and quiet for a second glancing away trying to avoid Dean’s searching eyes. Surprisingly being knotted to someone face to face meant that avoiding the other person was particularly hard, nearly impossible. “Cas what is it?” the omega asked.
After finishing his mouthful Dean tried to respond “I, I, I don’t know” he looked up trying to convey with his eyes that he needs his Alpha. Cas moved over kneeling down so he could look up into his perfect mate’s eyes , blue locking with green “Okay Sweetheart, I know you have a tendency to over think things sometimes, so I will make it easy for you. I am a world renowned cardiothoracic surgeon I can work anywhere” he said all without breaking eye contact and rubbing small cycles on Dean’s knee.
After a few tense seconds Cas spoke quiet and evenly “Who am I? Who are you? Dean didn’t mention that he lived with an Alpha” both sets of eyes shot down to the man in his arms. Sam’s for a brief second Cas’ for a handful more.
The ride was mostly silent aside from their combined heavy breathing; the smell of wet clothes and the scent of cautiously happy Alpha and Omega was filling the car. Until the silence was broken by Dean who had enough of the awkwardness. He looked over towards his Alpha then back towards the road, back and forth he went a half dozen times, that was until he finally plucked up the courage to speak “Alpha?” he whispered out; so quietly that if it wasn’t for the car being an electric Cas wouldn’t have been able to hear him.
“Was it a bad heat darling?” Cas asked as Dean licked along his Adam’s apple that slightly tickled, Dean always managed to find the best spots on his body – some even he didn’t know about himself – Dean stopped licking for a second scrutinised the neck before him; then started up somewhere else a moment later, he murmured a “meh” between licks.
Cas smiled Omega’s were known to become almost euphoric when the felt safe and secure epically after following the compulsion, hence the one word answers. He hummed “How about I wash your hair?” he whispered into the totally zoned out Omega.
“I’m Dean Winchester, Omega Consort to the Duke of Wessex” Dean said formally as Jody started making notes. He knew that Cas loved it when he used his full title.
Gabriel smiled leaning back into his chair – Cas had never been one to show that much emotion. “So you chose Cassie hey? Well I guess you didn’t know that I existed” he said with a wink. Instantly Cas’s head swung round to steer daggers at his older brother. Whilst Dean became very uncomfortable. How was he supposed to turn down Cas’s brother without embracing himself or Cas, turning his head back to his Alpha “Umm Cas?” he whispered, ducking his head back into his usual spot at Cas’s pulse point.
Thinking quickly there was only one thing to do to help get Dean out of this compulsion episode “Hush sweetheart, you did well.” he started, not caring that he was in a corridor next to his head of security – not one bit. The utterance was met by a little hum so Cas continued “you’re okay, you’re okay. You’re here I’m here. You did so well” another hum this one a bit longer as slightly higher pitched “Good job Dean, good job” Cas finished. He was rubbed his cheek into Dean’s neck; witch had the effect of relaxing the Omega even more in his arms sighing contently.
what most Alpha’s didn’t realise that the compulsion was so strong it acutely literally stopped him with one foot in the air. His head span round trying to locate the source of that voice, he locked eyes with a beautiful man with the most stunning blue eyes who was making his way over to him and Alastair.
Suddenly Dean remembered his neck was naked and that absolutely will not do “Cas where’s my collar?” he asked. That warmed the Alpha’s heart, despite everything his omega still wanted to wear his collar. He lent-over to the counter side grabbing the box “Charlie put it back in here for us” he said holding it up.
Chuck only let out a slight laugh at that, Causing his wife’s head to swing round “I swear he gets it from you sometimes” she said holding out an accusing finger. Though it sounded like a barb it was met by a cheeky smile and the response of “Yeah well, how else was an Omega supposed to get your attention? Hey?”
“As mother says” he started, finished quickly by his sister “Nothing can be fixed after 2am, sleep and water is best; for tomorrow is the battle” she smiled at him and disconnected the call. He’d be talking to her again without a shadow of a doubt. Shutting down his laptop he made his way to the master bedroom shrugging off his uniform and crawling into bed alongside the sleeping Omega already snoring quietly, a second later Dean rolled over throwing an arm across his body pulling him close hearing a slight satisfied huff come from the sleeping man. And finally, finally the knot in his shoulders relaxed, Naomi was right the challenges and battles to come weren’t tonight and he would need all the sleep he could get. Drifting off listening to the sound of a content Omega’s breathing to lull him to sleep.
Jody was totally unimpressed with the display, arms crossed over her chest. Cas hated having another Alpha so close to his Omega especially in his heat; pulling his Omega closer to his chest. Thankfully she was wearing scent blockers her hands came up and she spoke slowly as not to alarm the Alpha “Castiel, I know your Omega is in heat, but before you two go in I must tell you that once this is over I will need to talk you both of you” he nodded not trusting his voice to be anything above a growl.
As nice as it was to have an impromptu make out session in the back of the car. Dean’s Omega needed more! Of what he couldn’t be curtain, he just needed more. So as he dived back into his capture his Alpha’s lips again his hands travelled down his body sliding inside Castiel’s pants finding the slowly grown Alpha cock that ley within. Somehow he forgot how big the Alpha actually was he started moving one hand to massaging the knot at the base whilst the other started moving up and down the shaft. Slowly up and down, so focused on his task of feeling along the length that he totally forgot that Cas might not be in the mood. Glancing up through his eye lashes to behold Cas’s eyes slammed shut and a small blissful smile on his face.
one more deep breath and it came out all of a rush “'mpregnantAlpha” it wasn’t how Dean had planned to tell Cas, that was supposed to be at home with him on his back and those big blue beautiful eyes staring down at him blinking only when necessary. But alas it was out now. Time seemed to slow down that was until a sly grin started to appear on Cas’s face. Dean had expected his Alpha to smile or to launch himself across the seat towards him. Castiel being the straight-laced Alpha he was didn’t move, didn’t say anything. “Cas?” he asked after a moment. Again getting no response “Castiel, do you already know?” Dean finished, and looked deep into his mates eyes only to see them dilating and that grin launching itself into a full blown cheek splitting smile. Then two things hit him 1. Cas already knew obviously how else did Naomi be told – sue him he’s had a busy day – and 2. he knew when Cas had found out. “My Omega in the car on the way to the house, the first day we landed”
After a few moments he rolled them over slowly so not to make Dean sit in the wet spot. His arms coming up to hold his Omega close he started humming into Dean’s ear. With this bout of heat subsided for a couple hours. With his full factuality returned Dean froze attempting to pull away slightly. Cas didn’t want to force him to be held so he begrudgingly let him out of his arms. Unfortunately for Dean his knot wouldn’t allow him any further way. Dean was shaking, but not from his aftershocks, but from fear “Michael” he voice was sacred and hurt.
“So tell me what happened, cause he isn’t going to” Sam said. After Cas had relayed the entire events that led him to him being in their front garden. Sam smiled and thanked Cas for looking after his head strong older brother; but became serious a split second later “What exactly are your intentions towards Dean Cas?”
Later in the car Benny was driving leaving Dean and Charlie in the back seat “So Cas’s said that you were having trouble” she started
Only to be interrupted by his mother’s waving hand forestalling his sentence “Yes I can see that, he’s wearing you collar…” she said with a smile gesturing towards Dean’s neck. “Why don’t you tell me how you two met? Gabriel was a little lax on details, when we last spoke. Apparently he’s become quite smitten with an Alpha over there” rolling her eyes at the last part.
he mused to himself “Dean” he said whilst grabbing his arm turning him back to face the taller man, blue eyes locked with the Omega’s green for all of a second until Dean broke it.
his Omega grumbled. What Dean failed to realise was that Naomi could read him like a book, she knew what to say and almost what he was thinking “Omega, you listen here. I know you’re upset but do you honestly believe that Castiel is the type of person to put his Omega and future pup in this position?”
“hush sweetheart all is forgiven now go shower and meet me and Gabriel in the sitting room okay?” Dean smiled and scampered off towards the bathroom, making sure to shake his ass on the way to his Alpha. Leaving Cas to face his brother, sighing to himself Cas knew he couldn’t delay it any longer rolling on a tshirt and pulling on a pair of jeans he was ready to face all the questions Gabriel would have. In hindsight he was happy it wasn’t Lucifer he wouldn’t understand like Gabriel.
“Yes sister that’s correct” he said glancing down towards his lap, despite being an Omega Naomi defiantly took after their mother more than their farther. “I’m sorry I didn’t inform you earlier” he continued glancing back up to the women on the screen.
Dean recognised that voice, who was it? He went to move his head then remembered Alpha had told him not to move. “Dean Baby?” he heard it again, he moved his head slightly then forced it back down. “Sweetheart please?” the voice sounded sad, his Omega knew that word. He could see the Alpha’s face who always said it. He could imagine his beautiful blue eyes; but he just couldn’t remember his name.
After they had finished showering and headed to the kitchen to make breakfast. The chef arrived and cooked them burgers for breakfast, which Dean assured Cas was the best thing on earth after mind-blowing earth shattering sex that was. Cas being Cas just smiled and nodded chowing down on his own breakfast burger occasionally offering a bit to his Omega who was more than happy to accept. A little while later Cas got a message over the intercom from Captain Benny Lafitte that Dean’s farther and brother along with another strange Alpha calling himself Michael were here to see them.
engraved on to it in stunning gold lettering. Cas’s brain all but stopped “Is that a collar?” he crocked out.
“Alpha, can we move this to the bedroom? Please?” a slight growled and suddenly he was being picked up thrown over Cas’s shoulder a little squeak did not make his way out, not at all. Dean would deny it to the day he dies. “Alpha I can walk you know” apparently Dean talking was not wanted at this moment in time as a few firm swats landed on Dean’s ass.
Michael smiled in such a way that made Dean’s skin crawl, how a smile could hold so much malice Dean would never know. His mind flashed back to Cas’s smile only for a brief second but long enough to steel himself. Michael’s grin grew wider, he lent forward and whispered into Dean’s ear, a horrific experience even before he spoke “I will tell your dad, that Sam is an Alpha loving weirdo” leaning back he let a low chuckle escape his throat “Nod if you understand” Dean nodded
“So Sweetheart, that’s the house what do you think?” Cas ultimately asked, after he had been caught glancing over again.
Cas pulled him back into his all-encompassing hug “okay, I’m sorry Cas. I don’t know why I was picking a fight” Dean barely managed to mumble into the taller man’s shoulder. The whole time taking in his scent.
The next thing Dean knew the Alpha was gone. Had he done something wrong? Alpha was going to knot him, make the pain go away wasn’t he? Deciding that if in doubt it was the Omegas fault. He figured in his heat addled brain the best thing to do was stay in that position, and hope that Alpha would come back and forgive him.
“Bloody hell Castiel, how have you managed to get yourself in this situation” she asked. Then after a moment continued “it’ll be better to hear it from you no? Rather than our spiteful older brother” Logically he knew she was correct, but logic be dammed when it was matters of the heart.
Apparently Dean was unconvinced stubborn to the last “but Cas I…” he said as he tried to pull away from the Alpha
Cas was fascinated he couldn’t imagine what was inside the box, it was only maybe 12 inches long and about 4 tall and wide. Tentatively he stretched his right arm out and opened it, and there inside was a beautifully detailed black leather collar with the words
Michael smiled “We’re going back to the hotel, where you will write a note and break it off with the bloody British Alpha. Then we’re going to head home and mate” Dean couldn’t help the sudden intake of breath. Thankfully Michael didn’t notice to busy looking at Dean with lustful eyes “John’s got some pills that’ll trigger your heat”
Dean had managed to sleep all the way to the hotel and made it almost to the room when he woke again, Cas had been carrying him one arm under his knees the other supporting his shoulders head resting against his neck. Dean was wrapped in Cas’s trench coat, though it wasn’t really his anymore his Omega did love that coat. Dean had gone from fitful sleep to full alertness in a nanosecond; jumping up eyes wide and fully golden “ALPHA!” he screamed as he attempted to wriggle out of the taller man’s hold. Obviously wanting Cas to chase him, fortunately Cas was ready he just held Dean tighter “Omega” he Alpha in his voice ridding high. His lips locked with his Omega’s; Dean’s mouth opening to allow his Alpha to take anything and everything he wanted.
Hey lovelies, only a few more chapters to go until the end. Might do a sequel if that's something you guys would want let us know :)
What he didn’t expect was to see His Royal Highness Castiel Novak the Duke of Wessex clutching a small piece of paper in one hand and the collar in the other holding both close to his heart, sat on the bed crying his eyes out. That was by far the least likely scenario he could come up with; his mind had raised between assassination attempts to murder not the most controlled child of Amara and Chuck crying like a new born pup.
Once inside he turned towards the bathroom “Good, now you get him a cup of tea Sam, whilst I go shower and change I can still smell Alastair on me. Oh and don’t kill each other.” shouting over his shoulder, he stopped half way up the stairs half turning “and you better still be here when I come back” the bravado lost back to being the Omega that had to be helped in the parking lot.
“Sweetheart please focus, do you want us to heat mate?” the Alpha hoped the answer would be yes, but he’d back Dean up either way. The Omega drew on the last of his remaining higher brain functions “I you remember” he murmured into his mate’s neck, breathing in his scent. Cas thankfully understood.
“Think? Alpha. I think this ‘house’ as you call it, is amazing” Dean said, took a swing of his coffee he paused then spoke with a subtle purr in his voice “plenty of rooms for pups, hey Alpha?” he had expected the Alpha to preen and smile instead Cas looked almost completive and withdrawn; for a brief moment before schooling his features. Dean was about to ask why he looked down when the Alpha’s phone beeped loudly and continually.
Dean whipped his face with the back of his hand and murmured to his Alpha “What’s wrong with me Cas?” his voice totally broken and wrecked.
Instantly Dean felt the copulation to answer his Alpha “I feel empty alpha, okay I said it you can laugh now at my Omeganess” then started muttering about how he shouldn’t have said anything and how it was just stupid Omega biology.
this time trying to slid out of Cas’ arms was meant by another growl but instead of it being a warning one it was obviously one of distress; that stopped Dean in his tracks. “Dean? Where do you think you’re going? I don’t trust him” Cas murmured, that sent Dean and Sam for a loop. Dean’s though process were along the lines of
“I love you too Alpha” Dean spoke softly into his chest. A pause then another statement “Where gonna have a pup”
He realised what he just said, leave it to Dean to find the dirty side of things “Oh you think your funny little one” Dean gave an affirmative hum. Cas span Dean around and picked him up hands on his ass again “babe the soup” Dean huffed though it was a token defence, he was eye level with Cas now and even though he felt a little sore he still loved it when Cas manhandled him. Cas lent down and licked across his bite causing Dean’s toes to curl with pleasure.
Dean thought, they could untie bath in deodorant and maybe selvage some semblance of their combined sanity and respect. Dean was totally hilariously wrong, as Gabriel didn’t seem to understand the prospect of privacy as he marched into the bedroom hands on hips and saw the tied pair then started talking to his Alpha.
Changing the topic seemed to have worked. Dean decided he would have to remember that for future. Cas started “Firstly and most importantly you are my mate; my day and night, the light of my life” he paused smiling to himself Dean thought he could play him like a fiddle, this time he decided to indulge the omega he continued “Secondly technically your official title would be the omega consort to the Duke of Wessex heir to my estates and master of the keys”
“My omega cum on my cock, or you no cum” Cas growled adjusting his position to hit Dean’s sweet spot deep inside him. Dean whimpered he definitely loved it when Cas went all Alpha like this and that’s when Cas started whispering into his ear “My omega, only mine, mine, my omega”
After a moment, Sam weighing up his options he took a deep breath and started “Fine, it says ‘we’re heading back into town, tell that useless” he took a pause, both Sam and Dean hated the next word “knot-slut to get my room ready’. Happy now” finishing the sentences as quick as he could.
Dean was totally taken aback he just wanted to die, this was his mates brother they were naked tied and stinking of sex. Fortunately Gabriel didn’t notice or didn’t care and started to berate the Alpha “So Cassie, get this mother hears a report that you duck your detail. Which is bad by the way. Then to make it worse you pick up a random omega…” he was stopped mid-tirade by a growling alpha, coughing to clear his throat the Alpha stated leaving no room for doubt or discussion “his name is Dean, now get out and once we’re decent you can do your 20 questions okay brother?”
“You stupid brit, Leave! You’ve got to go now. Dad can’t smell you around here. Leave now!” In hindsight leading with telling Cas to go wasn’t the best idea, woops. The look on the Alphas face betrayed more than simple rejection he was hurt plain and simple well for half a second until he schooled his features into something akin to something normal.
“Dean Sweetheart, he was only engaged to Samandriel because our parents arranged it almost three decades ago now. You see an ancient and quite frankly archaic law says that the youngest Alpha male son of the monarchy must be engaged.” the older omega explained, and despite himself Dean could see the resemblance now even more, her explaining remedied him so much of his misbegotten Alpha back home.
Jody held up her hands in a surrender gesture “I’m sorry Castiel, but I’m required to ask Dean” the concern evident in her voice. Suddenly both sets of eyes were on him and he realised that he had to talk a bit more about it “H, He was on top of me, he couldn’t get it in” he stammered out he felt sick like all the food in his stomach had gone off. Standing he spoke quickly and softly “I’m sorry but I’ve got to go”
Lucifer had arrived in his perfect car, as was to be expected with Abaddon & Lilith in tow he had been nice enough stepping out seeing Dean and Castiel waiting to usser them into the house. He still wearing the immaculate suite and bulled shoes. Lilith and Abaddon on the other hand were wearing all black dresses aside from their bright looking red leather collars Dean instantly noticed that neither had Lucifer's name on, his mind instantly being thrown back to the hotel back...back...not home but, back there. And Gabe's words jumped to the forefront of his mind "Cassie just had his perfect Omega offer himself in perpetuity" figuring it was best not to mention anything he let Cas take the lead
, Dean had called him Castiel, never a good sign. “What’s wrong with me?” Dean asked again so quietly that Cas had trouble hearing him over the raw of the engines.
“I am yours Alpha!” the omega growled as he pulled himself up then slammed back down hard “You hear that!” moving back up “Your collared omega! Yours” then slamming himself back down. Successfully forcing all of the higher brain functions out of the near helpless Alpha.
Looking back up he saw that the brit was already naked, the soft smile telling him that Loki understood exactly what was going through his head. “You alright Kitten?” the smaller man cooed upwards. Sam put on his best I’m fine voice “yeah babe, I’m fine. Just thinking as all” the lump in his throat wasn’t going away but he could try and ignore it.
Castiel’s eyes shot up, his anger crystallising instantly focusing on Sam. “HE LEFT ME! BECAUSE OF YOU!” Cas screamed pointing at Sam. It might not have been the most rational thought, but Cas was pretty far from rational right now. Sam who had been standing and watching had all of one whole second before he had an enraged Alpha through himself at him. Balthazar jumped in just managing to grab Castiel; whilst Gabriel grabbed Sam – for no Alpha on earth could stop them sleeves when they’re attacked. In the struggle Castiel dropped the paper.
The door was open and Cas was looking at him, his Alpha, his whole kit and caboodle. All the things he had planned to say melted away all he could do is look directly into those bright blue eyes. Cas stepped back and sat upon the bed, Dean followed standing in front of the Alpha just out of arms reach. Cas looked down trodden he sighed and whipped his eyes preparing himself for what must be said “I’m sorry sweetheart, it’s just I’ve always wanted an Omega like you to buy themselves a collar like that, for me"
Sniggering to himself Gabriel smiled “Okay baby brother I’m going to go try this American whisky I’ve heard about” then turned on his heal leaving a slightly pissed off Cas and totally mortified Dean laying on the bed. “So that was my older brother” Cas started as he snuggled back into his mates warm neck inhaling deeply. Dean half smiled to himself even Cas was having family drama grabbing Cas’s arm and pulling himself closer into the Alpha, starting to kiss his fingers “Yeah, I figured that” he said in between kisses.
Dean shocked him with what he did next, knelling down so he could catch his eyes. Smiling slightly once he managed it. “Well Alpha, how about you put the collar on me?” Dean cooed upwards, again looking like he was going to cry but at the same time he looked beautiful the freckles on his face caught in the evening light.
Soundly benny honked the horn at another car. Dean froze he didn’t mind discussing things with another Omega, he was more censured that this conversation in front of another Alpha that wasn’t his mate. Noting this Charlie quickly reassured him “Oh don’t worry Benny here he’s probably heard worse especially coming from Gabriel am I right?” turning to face their driver
Despite himself Dean felt himself leaning into the touch, something about being helped and held like this was comforting. Hearing the thud, thud of Cas’ heart beat it was almost perfect well until he heard a door slam open and Sammy running out holding a shotgun screaming his name.
“But sir” the beta started again. Cas held up a had forestalling the tirade that was coming “Miss. Bradbury will explain she’s two rows down” he spoke harshly and pointed towards the rear of the plane. A few minutes later they were up the captain had informed them of something, Dean didn’t care too much he was just happy to be held by Alpha. Cas spoke “See Dean where up now, do you wanna look out the window?”
“I am his Farther and until he is mated I am in charge” John growled. though Cas didn’t get chance to respond as Dean who had obviously been listening jumped up out of Cas’s lap and pointed an accusing finger towards his farther “Too late dad me and Cas are mated” pulling down his collar on his shirt to show Cas’s bite. despite everything occurring Cas found it a total turn on to see his Omega shouting and forcing too he heard and seen.
Dean was not getting breathless no sir, no way. And he most definitely not starting to leak slick on the bed absolutely not; just from Cas kissing his sent gland and whispering in his ear he…oh he totally was who was he trying to kid “Oh my god Cas you can’t just say things like that!” he breathed.
Unfortunately Dean knew John better than that, coming to a stop he looked Sam straight into the eye. “Sam Winchester, what does the text say!? Cause I know for a fact it doesn’t say that” he grunted, he had to hear it otherwise…otherwise what? To dash the hope that he was nursing that their Dad would change whilst he was on a ‘business trip’ yeah right
“Oh that silly Alpha, I’ve gotta go” Dean grabbed the collar off the counter attempting to throw it on whilst he ran towards their bedroom. Leaving a smugly smiling Gabriel in the kitchen “Yep. My baby bro’s gonna get fuc…oh god I better leave…even I don’t wanna hear what comes next” he quickly stood and left the hotel room there must be a bar around here somewhere.
Dean huffed and let out a small laugh “Because I’ve been vomiting Cas” he said whilst rolling his eyes the easy smile creeping back onto his face. Cas was convinced but for some reason his Alpha wasn’t in fact it was even more persistent that they look after their Omega. Right now though his Dean needed him, and trying to figure out what his alpha was on about wasn’t high on the list of priorities. picking the Omega up he headed back to his seat mumbling “yeah I’m sure that’s it”
Apparently that didn’t stop the younger man, he kept moving slowly until he could look Cas in the eye. A single tear falling down his cheek “Cas, you, you found me. I’m sorry I didn’t mean to write that letter. I I…” he stammered at the end trying to convey how sorry he was.
“Nope” Charlie said emphatically, crossing her arms over her chest and pocking her tough out to him.
“In the old days they were the keys to the vault where we hold our riches. Now it’s just another title to dazzle people, we English do love our titles” Dean could defiantly hear the smile in his Alpha’s voice.
“Yep” Gabriel popping the p. then pointed the lollypop at Dean and continued “Cas has just had his perfect Omega offer himself to him in perpetuity”
That title always annoyed Cas, he’d much rather be given praise for his achievements rather than who his mother and farther were “Balthazar call me Castiel or Cas hell even Doctor anything, anything but that please” that was the thirty fourth time – yes he had been counting – that he had told the Major and his staff that simple command.
The smaller man’s anger was overtaking his nausea he managed to stand putting even more room between them. Even though he Omega was literally begging him to apologies and show his neck to his Alpha, unfortunately Dean was a stubborn son of a gun. He pointed an accusing finger at the Alpha still sitting on the floor “I was taken by my farther and I was almost mated against my will” he paused then gestured to himself “And you still want this” the disbelief obvious in his voice.
He walked into the sitting room taking a seat, once settled he lent forwards grabbed himself a glass of the whisky “Okay brother I’m ready to answer some questions” after taking the first sip.
“Dean-o collar are usually gifts that the Omega gets, it’s a sign that the two are so deeply in love they want the world to know. It’s more than matting bites or even marriage, its everlasting its forever” Gabriel helpfully supplied popping a lollypop in his mouth
“That was the ‘something amazing’ wasn’t it sweetheart” Castiel asked, his voice edged even more into joyful. As he fully turned towards his Omega who was by now fully engrossed with this his lap, purposely not making eye contact with the Alpha. “Yeah, sorry if your upset or something” Dean mumbled out.
Cas smiled again moving slightly closer his arms coming up to hold him close “Love you my omega” he rumbled into his omega’s hair
That caught Dean off guard surly he would be asked if he made Cas happy not the other way around? Amara judged by the look on the young Omega’s face he was confused “simple question lovely, dose he make you happy?”
“I’d have to find that knot first, bet it’s that small” he felt good for about half a second. Until Alastair gave him a smile that would scare the most harden criminal that would cause entire armies run away in the opposite direction. A smile that made Dean’s skill crawl.
“What like this?” Cas said as he rolled his hips again. Dean dropped his head backwards moaning loudly, felling the intense pleasure coming from the knot to the point it was almost painful; his every nerve was a musical instrument and Cas was the master conductor. “Yes, you assbut stop it” the omega groaned.
Cas decided that his Omega couldn’t handle both the feeling and keeping his hands moving without losing himself to it. He would have to ‘help out’ his large hands came down holding over the Omega’s. Leaning forwards he whispered into his mates ear “Indeed. Well because you were so good at my parents let me help?”
“You useless bitch I’m going to make you pay for running away from me” Michael grunted. that caused dean to retreat further into Cas’s hold tucking his head away from the three Alpha’s siting opposite. “I would thank you not talk to Dean in such a manor, sirs” Cas spoke sternly but not angry he had a good rain on his Alpha
“Naomi” Castiel nodded to her. Rolling his shoulders again, still not working the knots out. “How’s Singapore? Got…” he started before he was cut off by an obviously displeased Omega on the other end “So I hear you’ve gotten yourself an Omega hey?” Naomi started. “And Why did I have to find out from Lucifer of all people?” her tone was light and conversational, but her meaning was obviously she was annoyed by the fact he didn’t tell her directly.
“Dean, Dean I’m sorry I didn’t mean to act so rudely” Cas murmured not breaking the eye contact, that whisky smooth voice wrapping dean in a blanket of warmth. But Dean could also hear what Cas wasn’t saying that he was ashamed to have acted so.
Cas knew that the next sentence was a gamble, but if it worked he’d have this gorgeous strong omega that he hadn’t stopped thinking about for what felt like weeks even closer to himself. “Now, we shower then have breakfast; and if your amenable I’m going to knot you in the shower sweetheart” Dean went still for just long enough that Cas though his gamble had failed, that was until a huge moan came from the Omega in his arms.
Cas half turned and spoke softly “I’m staying at the Hotel on main street, in the penthouse. Will be there for about 4 days” he paused and half smiled again “thanks for the tea” Sam couldn’t tell if that was some sort of Brit joke or if he actually meant it.
he didn’t have time for his fagot of a son to interfere right now. He was apoplectic when Michael when he told him the truth about Sam, but it made sense he supposed.
Dean’s inner omega was adamant the needed to get it. Dean had always thought that he’d never end up with one. He smiled to himself “Yeah I want to get Cas something”
Dean froze he hadn’t expected that, he got a little worried about the answer. As an Omega he had little rights in a traditional relationship, but, they were anything but traditional. He hadn’t said anything for a few minutes prompting Cas to speak again “What do you want to happen next?”
It reminded him of a story his mother had once told him a story when he had first presented as Alpha she and his father were sharing a bed just like this when chuck had a nightmere his mother apparently pumped the room so full of protective hormones that even the next morning the staff had refused to come in, chuck had been totally smitten from that day on. Cas had asked if he'd ever find an omega who'd he'd do that for? To which Lucifer had only teased him relentlessly and his mother and lent in and whispered "without a doubt my little seraph" seraph had always been the name she used just for him he had been a gift coming so late after all the other children.
“Okay Alpha, go save lives” Dean said to the retreating alpha. He definitely didn’t watch Cass’s ass as he walked away. In fact he was so pre occupied that he didn’t notice Charlie come up next to him and throw an arm around him.
His Alpha screamed. The loss of his Omega was driving Cas into a pure instinct, to find and protect. The beta obviously noticing this held his arms up in surrender “Your Omega is in the toilet, he’s throwing up sir. I’m sorry sir” then quickly moved out of the way, it wasn’t smart to put yourself between an angry Alpha and their mate.
In the end being with Dean was the important part, he mused to himself as he slid the Omega and himself into the back of the car, nodding to Balthazar. He was going to love Dean either way.
Lucifer for his part smiled devilishly at his youngest brother “Of course brother, we will come by later” he gestured to his two companions Lilith to the right and Abaddon on his left; both Omega’s he had acquired for as he put it
Fortunately Gabriel walked into the kitchen, drawn forward by the smell of distressed Omega. Thankfully he arrived before Dean could be totally lost into his spiral of self-doubt and worry “Gabriel?” he asked hoping to convey all the uncertainty into it, even though his voice wavered at the end.
Eventually the plane was nearing the airport in England, unfortunately Dean’s anxiety was back at full force though he didn’t say anything to his Alpha. That was until he looked out the window – in hindsight that was a hilariously bad idea – as he saw the ground coming towards them. Cas had be preparing his notes on the conference to give to his colleges when he got back to work even though he had met his mate he still had a job to do.
“’m not a sweetheart” Dean grunted out, though judging by the slight pur coming from the Omega’s chest he absolutely loved the turm. Cas just smiled to himself that this wilful strong Omega is here now with him “Sure whatever you say sweetheart” he cooed into Dean’s ear.
He had enough of Sam’s consent bs he always heard “no dean” or “I don’t think that’s a good idea” or countless other bull shit was of turning dean down. So eventually he shouted “I’ve had enough, I’m going to the shops need some whisky”
“I’m so sorry I interrupted, I” Dean started to apologise Cas smiled and placed an kiss on his little Omega’s nose to shut him up. Dean gapped like a fish for a moment then fell into Cas the Omega in him demanding that they have this moment so he could mark his Alpha with his scent.
“Thanks, he’s my sweetheart” he said, though in truth he was only half paying attention to the rest of the theatre.
Dean smiled “Oh he’s back, good. I do like sweet Cas” he paused, hearing the massive intake of breath he quickly added “that’s not to say I don’t love big scary alpha Cas as well”
“What’s wrong?” Immediately, Dean was on him. Wet hands ineffectually pushing the hair out of his face, fingers at his chin and nudging Castiel’s face towards his so he could fix him with that same green gaze as ever. It was so dark, ink-dark, but his eyes seemed to glow. “You okay? What happened? Where’s Meg?”
In his lap, Cas turned his right hand around palm-up, then flipped it back over. Wiggled his fingers and squinted at his pinky.
It wasn’t supposed to be like this. Castiel was supposed to crash into Dean on the first day of Grade One, both of them too enamoured with their respective imaginations to pay attention to their surroundings, both of them casting dirty looks and elementary insults until the teacher had to force them apart. They were supposed to be sworn mortal enemies until Grade Two, when Brady Weinhart from the class next door deliberately tripped Castiel during recess and Castiel skinned his knee and cried, and Dean took him to the teacher to get a band-aid and then told everyone about that one time Brady peed his pants in the changeroom. They formed an alliance, then, one that blossomed into something deeper by the time they entered middle school and thick as thieves by the time they sidled into Freshman year. They were supposed to be best friends—
Castiel rolled his eyes. "He was the one who asked me out. If anything, he'd be the one with flowers. Besides, I rarely see him."
Castiel pursed his lips, eyes softening with something that looked like sympathy, something that panged deep in Dean’s chest and resonated in his ribs.
“You’re very welcome,” Castiel continued, and then raised his head to scan the crowd. “Any other questions? Maybe from the back?”
The Christmas on the year Dean turned twenty-three, he went on a drive alone through the neighbourhoods and the suburbs in the Impala he didn’t bother changing snow tires for, watching the snow flurries catch on his windshield and bounce off the lights of all the holiday lights strung up in the shingles of all the houses and winding around the trees.
Dean smoked a whole pack of cigarettes outside the clinic, even though Castiel hated it. He ran four laps around the whole campus. He read the stupid brochure for Hanahaki disease front to back, word for word, twice, and wanted to punch the face of the smiling girl on the cover.
and made sure to carefully roll it up and store it in the corner of his duffel bag every time they moved. They lost stuffed animals and comic books, but never the poster. Dean wouldn’t be surprised if it was hanging on the wall of his dorm right this very instant.
“Careful,” the man said. A pair of hands came up to meet Castiel’s, cupping the baby bird and gently taking it from his palms. Castiel felt the man shift behind him, standing up higher until his hands were above Castiel’s and by the bundle of twigs.
obviously meant Dean had to keep talking. “Remember the last time we played Truth or Dare? That was fun.”
When he tried to step back, Dean stepped forward. And then again. And then he echoed that sound, and his hands were on Castiel’s face, in his hair, pulling him in fast enough that Castiel stumbled, nearly slipped if not for the arm that wound itself around his waist, crushing him into Dean’s chest, crashing their lips together, slippery with the rain.
Dean woke up in his bed, the blankets haphazardly draped over him. His mouth tasted like shit and he wanted to throw up in more than one way. He staggered to the toilet and lifted the seat and had enough thought to brush the hair out of his face before he was vomiting, flowers and bile alike.
The surgery. The long, awful surgery that stirred everything up and brought it exploding to the surface. “I wish you never got the surgery,” Dean said, and it was a lie that sat bitter and bloody on his tongue.
Dean started to continue, except Sam steamrolled over him with, “I think you’ll really like it!” And then Cas got an eager owlish puppy look in his eyes and Dean gritted his teeth and inched down just a little harder on the gas.
By the time Dean went to college, he hadn't had a flower in six months, and the trend continued. Until now.
"And then I'll die," Castiel said. The words fell flat on the floor between them like a gavel, or roadkill.
Dean slowed his steps until Castiel was a pace ahead, then grabbed a handful of snow from the ground.
The bare skin on his arms prickled with the cold, complaining in the black t-shirt he’d haphazardly thrown on that morning, and Dean shoved his hands into his jean pockets.
The clinic was dimly-lit, the low buzz of the fluorescent lights irritating. Castiel sat in the waiting room watching someone he guessed was an Arts student (judging from the canvas bag and the jacket) nervously scan through a brochure.
“Hi,” he said back dumbly, feeling a ridiculously-wide smile stretch across his face at the sound of his name on Castiel’s tongue. “How are you feeling?”
"Three." Castiel watched Singer's finger trace down the curve of his vertebrae and prod delicately at each of the dark masses. "What's your diagnosis?"
Time passed quicker than he’d expected, with the announcers crackling over the speakers to remind all the guests that the artist meet-and-greets were happening in five minutes, at the Great Hall—that everyone needed to be courteous and any inappropriate behaviour would not be tolerated, and a reminder that flash photography was strictly forbidden and anyone caught breaking the rules would be taken and severely fined.
The man grinned, eyes green (bright green; for a moment Castiel felt a flash of soft, quilted blankets and dangling mobile toys, swaddled by the sensation of home) and expression open. He stuck out a hand—the one that wasn't holding a flannel shirt—for Castiel to shake.
“You don’t have to be a girl to like flowers,” she consoled, pushing back Sam’s floppy hair and kissing him on the forehead. “But you don’t want these flowers. These flowers mean that someone doesn’t love you back.”
Castiel swung his bag off his shoulder and began to rummage for supplies. “Not really,” he said. “I prefer to work at home. It’s—quieter. More controlled. You wouldn’t believe how loud the children can get around here.”
Sophia moved to Chicago in grade four. Castiel hugged her goodbye. The acacias had stopped coming after three months, after Sophia had laughed at an art piece Castiel drew for Easter and Castiel realized that his handwriting, if he worked hard and was very careful, could be better than hers.
“Wait, what?” Castiel said sharply. “You talked to Dr. Singer? When? Why?” Irritation mixed with fear rose up in a Molotov cocktail in his stomach.
Dean flushed just a little, and then regained himself, turning to glance at the rows of posters for a refresher. “I think your subjects are simple,” he said. “Not very introspective. But the way you paint them, the shades you pick and the lines you draw—that’s what makes it really special. The way it gives off such a strong, vibrant mood with just shades of grey. Which, that part is also really nice—that you only paint with black and white.”
“It’d be rather hypocritical of me if I wasn’t,” he said slowly, making sure the meaning settled in. “Is there something wrong with that?”
Castiel stepped in close enough to cup Dean’s face, and gently nudged his chin. Their lips met softly, cautiously—just a taste before Castiel was drawing away.
“You’ve had this many?” Dean reached out to touch each of the flowers delicately, as if they were something cherished. (They were.)
sign Castiel insisted on placing across the license plate on the trunk would probably discourage any cops. Dean doesn’t let go of Castiel’s hand the whole time, one hand on the steering wheel; he can feel the grooves of their rings digging into his fingers the harder he squeezes.
The man shrugged. “Gabriel’s always been the more socially-attuned one, so I suppose he could be right. But, either way, it’s one of my favourite coats. I’d like to have it back, please.”
Singer fixed Castiel with an intent stare. "I'm not going to sugarcoat things for you, boy," he muttered. "You'll start throwing up more. The cough will become worse. If you let things continue at this rate, the flowers will suffocate you—growing at a rate too fast for your body to reject. It's going to take over your internal system."
Castiel whirled around and came face-to-face with a stranger with messy, close-cropped hair and freckles and green eyes that were currently glaring absolute
Tom was already at the restaurant when Castiel arrived. Castiel remembered his straight, gelled hair and solemn dark eyes.
“I guess,” Dean managed. The poster was still in his hands, rolled-up and clenched tightly between his fingers. He was going to crumple it and Sam was going to be so, so angry.
Bobby eyed Dean for a moment. “Yeah,” he said gruffly. “You can. Just don’t do anything stupid, you hear?”
Dean was sure his face resembled a tomato, but he looked up—at Castiel. Castiel was already sketching, it seemed, the pencil in his hand so fast it was nearly a blur before suddenly, abruptly slowing to add a single line or two. It was oddly hypnotic to watch, no sound in the room save for the barely-perceptible scratching of graphite.
Bobby kept staring at Dean, and then he shook his head slowly. "Listen, Dean. If Castiel doesn't want you to know something, you should respect his boundaries."
so blue it was nearly black, the night slowly leeching out the colour, and in a few minutes it would be nothing but darkness but for now it was blue.
Dean watched Castiel sign the papers, ask the nurse for another cup of water (which he drained with relish), and walk the whole way back to their dorms. His heart was pounding like he'd just run a mile, even though they were taking it slow, Castiel still a little groggy from the anaesthesia they have put him through.
Castiel hadn’t liked it. “It’s not real,” he said with the stubborn omniscience of a reluctant toddler. “It’s fic-tio-nal. Like the big bad wolf.”
The man paused, and then, instead of putting his coat on, extended it back to Dean. “In that case, you may borrow it.”
When Castiel woke up on his birthday, he had woken up because someone had punched him eighteen times in the shoulder (leaving a yellowing bruise that lasted
Dean tightened his lips imperceptibly. "You hate Mexican," he said, almost as if he wanted to correct Castiel on his own preferences, which was stupid.
A dark shadow flitted over Sam’s eyes. “Yeah,” he said, voice low. “I know. I can sleep over at Kyle’s if it gets really bad.”
In the end, it was a girl. They didn’t even know her—Castiel saw her face as vaguely familiar, maybe from the coffee shop or the library or somewhere else in the campus. They were walking to their shared Economics class together when she had run up to the two of them, breathless and pink-cheeked.
Dean’s face softened. “Hey, I didn’t mean it like that,” he said. “Come on, let me see.” He plucked and prodded at Castiel until he surrendered it over. “What are all these flowers for? And why do they have names?”
When Castiel came out of Bobby’s office, Bobby’s face was carefully composed and so was Castiel’s, but Dean didn’t care, saw through all of it in his flurry and mess of emotions; grabbed Castiel’s arm and had dragged him halfway to the exits before Castiel dug in his heels and yanked himself away.
Castiel waited a long time. Dean let him; would wait a hundred days more, a thousand, now that he wasn’t blindly chasing petals.
Dr. Singer was a gruff-looking man with a secretly-soft heart. Castiel had volunteered at the Campus clinic a few times in his first year, and the man still recognized him as he came into the room.
Castiel ran the possibilities through his head. It couldn’t hurt, he decided—and said stately, “I am Castiel Novak, here as a knight for Prince Dean Winchester.”
By the time Castiel was in second grade, he had learned that, yes, the doctor will always make it better. But they won’t always make it right, because the love is gone with the flowers. The picturebook had never told him that—although in retrospect he admitted it may have been implied, but nonetheless, Castiel felt a prickle of irritation and wondered, vaguely, with the halcyon glow of a child who thinks they’re older than they are, why the boy next door didn’t just love Hannah back.
“Oh thank god,” Dean said dramatically, standing up and nearly falling over right again. “I was going to fall asleep there.” (Truth be told, he could have sat there for hours just watching Castiel.)
Now, when Dean was starkly aware of Castiel’s illness and how it was worse than ever, worse than any Dean had stroked Castiel's back through before, Castiel was more aware than ever of Dean's scrutinizing gaze. He was waiting for Castiel to bring out the photobook, like he always did. And maybe Dean had enough self control not to ask about the person, but Castiel had already told him the flower.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Yeah, dumbass, of course I checked my closet. It was the first place I looked."
Judging by her wry smile, he didn't conceal it very well. “Oh, you know, the usual. Offer free food—free
Turns out, the temperature wasn’t the issue—it was the wind. The breeze hit him full-on, and even in the comforts of his newly-obtained coat, Dean shivered. He hunched himself deeper into the trenchcoat and made his way onto the main path.
“Who am I?” the man said, sounding incredulous. The burst of annoyance increased in intensity. As if Castiel
And that’s how Dean ended up waving Cas off with the excuse of extra football practice, watching him carefully until he was out of sight, and then idling near the bright blue Beetle after school until the blonde-haired substitute teacher exited the building, running towards him and waving her keys and threatening bodily harm if Dean had keyed her car, or slashed her tires, or spray-painted her windshield.
“Because—” Dean swallowed. “Because all of the other artists almost use it as a crutch. Colour, I mean. It’s almost like they’re bragging about it—look how many colours I can see, look how many soulmates I’ve met. But it’s not really all that great. And when I look at those paintings, I don’t see all the colours, I see all the patches of grey.”
They really were beautiful, Castiel thought as he stared at the pile held cupped in his palms. Lightly curling tops, and a deep, rich purple. The colour of kings, of royals. They also hurt like hell, coming up.
"He's one of the longest-living people with the disease the doctors have ever seen," Sam said, quickly, as if he was afraid Dean would cut him off (he didn't need to be afraid, Dean's throat had all but closed up and he couldn't breathe, much less speak). "And it's—plateaued, somewhat, over the past few years, but it's not that, it's that he's—drunk, and he's miserable, and he's so angry all the time. It's not normal that the receptionist at the hospital knows us better than our neighbours! I took a brochure, at the hospital, and I think the nurse agrees with me, too—"
Unpaired soulmates were rare, but not impossible. One with colour and the other without. It wasn’t like Castiel had a visible reaction the instant their eyes met—and with Dean’s luck, it wasn’t a far fetch.
“You’re welcome,” Dean shot back automatically, and then turned back to the mirror. Fixed his bowtie. Met Castiel’s eyes again through the mirror. For some reason, it didn’t do anything to diminish the intensity of that stare—in fact, it almost seemed amplified, being able to see both himself and Dean in the glimmering reflection. “But seriously. This is gonna be fun, okay? Just relax and focus on having a good time.”
Castiel graduated high school with a valedictorian nomination, an acceptance to his first-choice university, and a pocketful of newfound knowledge on flower types carefully preserved in a laminated photobook.
"Thank you," Castiel said. (He didn't need luck. He needed self control, and discipline, and he needed to stop loving Dean in that blossoming-pink way of his that was eating him from the inside-out.)
The door was locked, but Castiel took the lanyard around his neck and scanned a card against the scanner, and it swung open with a cheerful beep. Dean was immediately hit with the smell of paint thinner, sharp and biting against his nose, and the musky, metallic scent of brushes and paint cans.
“It is,” Castiel insisted. His hands, so warm, running up and down Dean’s back. “Don’t you see? We can start again. Do it right this time. Trust our feelings, not the flowers.”
“Wh—” Castiel started, and then the man was grabbing Castiel and dragging him to the side of the tunnel until both of them were pressed against the wall.
The double-meaning struck him like an upper-cut and all of a sudden, Castiel felt an overwhelming gratitude towards Meg, sweeping him from his feet.
he said, putting unnecessary emphasis on the word, “so does that mean you know where he is? Where I can introduce myself to him?”
His mother said, “Darling,” and bent down to kiss him on the forehead. “Maybe she doesn’t, but it’s still a beautiful flower, don’t you think?”
If it were Sam, Dean had a dozen right on the tip of his tongue, ranked in descending order from most embarrassing to least, and the floor was pretty damn high. He flicked through his flashcards of dares. Not that one. Not that one. Oh, Jesus, not that one. He didn’t think he had the heart to make even Sam do that one.
“It’s alright,” the man said, and took the coat back with a grateful smile. It turned into a look of concern when he saw Dean in his t-shirt. “Did you not wear a jacket today?”
Castiel breathed carefully, and then opened his eyes. He stared at the flowers in the bushes—tons. More than the last time. Almost exponentially. He didn’t think it would be this bad; didn’t know it could get this bad.
“Come on,” Dean coaxes. “Ellen will take care of it. I’m pretty sure she’s herded, like, a dozen people to the Roadhouse to keep the party going there already. She can handle a few more.”
The sun was slowly creeping its way over the chimneys and treetops, glancing off the windows and momentarily blinding him. Dean tried to imagine it—soft, bright, kind of warm.
Castiel squared his shoulders to calm his just-jittered nerves, and opened the door to the carriage.
It was like focusing a blurred image, double vision fading into one singularity. Dean Winchester and the man from the gardens, coming together into one.
“Sure,” Dean mumbled, suddenly all-too aware of his bow-legged sprawl, crooked bump on his nose, the uneven knuckles on the backs of his hands.
The next morning, Castiel woke up with a relentless headache dully throbbing at his temple, which was just unfair, because he hadn’t had a
“Well,” Castiel said, skimming his eyes down the simple, nondescript shirt and trousers and distinct lack of weapons, “You aren’t dressed like one. Stableboy, then?”
fine, you know, but he’s always like that—even at home, whenever he’s sick it takes him, like, until he’s almost dying just to admit that he’s sick, drives me crazy.”
Ignoring him, Castiel stomped over to the table, grabbed the pie tin, and then shoved it towards Dean. “Have it, then. I hope it tastes
“Is Dean not there?” he asked, and the man looked away. His fingers twisting in front of him, his weight shifting back and forth between his two feet.
"Fine," Castiel would reply, every time. And if Dean sounded a little more anxious than usual, a bit more unhinged, he would glance over, notice, and shoot him a small, brief, warm smile. "Really, Dean. Thank you."
Dean’s smile faltered, then returned at full force, something inside him squaring its shoulders and setting its jaw. He could make this work. He was always the best at making friends, Miss Penny had told his mom once. A
Castiel repeated it dutifully, and felt the relief of tension fall throughout all the guards’ shoulders.
The bright blue Volkswagen Beetle rumbled down the street, clanking in a way that was surely not intended and just a tad worryingly, before it turned a corner and disappeared.
Castiel turned his eyes to the tree. Up there, on one of the highest branches, he could see a tangle of branches and twigs and a mother bird’s love.
"Say it," Dean singsonged, his fingers now running their way through Castiel's hair and probably messing it up horribly. Castiel couldn't care less.
Dean gave Castiel the look that said don’t play dumb. “The person you’ve been throwing up flowers for in the past month.”
The humour trickled out of Cas’s face. He slowly canted his head to the side, eyes growing piercing.
as you are bound to answer as such from the rules of the game—what was your first impression of me?”
After Sophia came others: some sporadically, others slow-falling and sticky like molasses in winter. There was Cheryl with the firetruck-red hair, Lotti with freckles and a shy smile, and Darcy, his babysitter in grade six. His mother had turned pink and cooed at Castiel when he held up the delicately-preserved magnolias for Darcy.
The next time Lisa passed him in the halls, Dean winked at her and, before she could smile, slipped his number into her soft, warm palm. He took her to the staff washroom with a lock on the third floor for five days until the itching in his chest went away. They went to the Winter ball together, and her lips were plush and sticky with lipstick when he kissed her, and her waist was trim and warm against his hand.
Castiel shrugged, but he was smiling. “I’m also very tired. These beds are less comfortable than they look.”
He watched Sam walk all the way out the building, and kept watching until he turned a corner and disappeared out of sight. He sighed, gritted his teeth, and lugged his bag up the stairs to his room.
After jostling a few people after not looking where he was going and a few hasty, whispered apologies, Dean finally made his way to the hall dedicated to Castiel, where a panel read his introduction.
When Dean drew her a shaky flower for Mother’s Day, chubby fist gripping broken crayons, his mother had looked at it and smiled.
Dean opened his mouth and closed it again. Thought of Cas. "Fuck you," he said, and the harsh, grating tone he was aiming for missed by a mile and hit a trembling, low note instead, voice quavering like a broken violin string. "You don't—you don't get to make that choice for him, fuck you, you
The next time was a few days after—maybe the owner was the parent of a student at the school, an employee, a substitute teacher, because it was already in the parking lot when the two of them stepped out the doors with the chime of the bell above their heads, surrounded by the excited chatter of students on a much-anticipated dismissal.
It wasn’t like Dean didn’t—(skip a beat catch a breath miss a step, whenever Cas looked at him too long, just a little bit harder than usual, blue eyes flashing)—but it didn’t hurt as much anymore. No flowers, at least. Dean wondered what that could mean, dipped his toe into the myriad of connotations and interpretations and inferences before balking like a cat touching water, because who cared, really. It was feelings versus flowers, and Dean knew which ones he would always, always trust more.
Dean was still holding Cas’s hand. He looked down at it—at the swollen pinky and the small sting at the knuckle—and felt a flood of apprehension. He chewed his lip for a moment. Felt Cas’s hand flex in his, twitch curiously, a little impatiently.
“No punchbacks means free for all,” Dean, who had been trained in this for over sixteen years, informed Cas, before punching him again.
"Look at me," Dean said, and Castiel's face was emotionless, so blank, this awful fucking thick wall he built up in the past few weeks that Dean was always the exception to, suddenly trapping him out and blocking him out, but he knew, he knew Cas and knew that he was hurting inside—hurting so bad—so bad that Dean's chest panged with sympathy, so bad that Dean twisted with pain himself, only an echo of what Castiel was feeling.
Dean had waited with his father in the waiting room. He remembered his father going through two whole packs of cigarettes in the lobby, even though his mother didn’t like it when he smoked. Dean had swung his feet whilst squirming in the hard plasticky chair, lulled to a half-awake, sleepy state by the lowly-lit, dully-humming lights. He remembered staring with a tilted head in concentration at a shiny brochure on the display across the room. There were flowers on it. Dean recognized a rose, and a daisy.
“Oh?” Cas arched an eyebrow. “I didn’t know we needed to call it. I’ll give you a countdown next time.”
Eventually they reached a room where the family portrait hung above a fire place, Dean stopped transfixed by the artistries on show. “Ah yes I remember sitting for that one” Amara spoke softly next to him “See here we had to bribe Lucifer with treats to sit still long enough, but, Castiel he just sat there happily. That’s the thing with him he’s always been so happy”
“Alpha” how can one word convey so much pain, loss and fear. Cas would ponder that later; right now had a very scared mate who was almost in tears to take care of. Abandoning his burger he rounded the table, sliding underneath him resting Dean in his lap. Manoeuvring his head so it rested right next to Cas’s scent gland attempting to calm Dean. He started by telling Dean of all the adventures they would have together, visiting England, meeting his family, maybe even having pups. Cas said all this and more.
A few moments later Sam walked back in, ready to tell them that dinner was ready. Only to be met by a sleeping Dean and a content Cas. Smiling he left them to their intimate moment moving slowly back towards the kitchen. And for one brief moment everything was okay, that was until his phone beeped a text from an unknown number but Sam instantly knew who it was from
“Dean?” now the concern which had been growing ramped up massively “What’s wrong with him?” Chuck asked quickly
Cutting him off and pulling him back into his embrace Cas’s Alpha guided the next words out of his mouth all deep and guttural “Yes you did, and it was the single hottest thing Cas’s has ever seen in his life”
“fuuuuuuuuccccckkkkk Alphaaaaaaaaaa” the Omega groaned, then Cas started to move and what little was left of Dean’s brain functions fled with the intense pleasure that his Alpha’s cock provided. All he could feel was Cas’s huge cock moving inside him and finally, finally they were safe and could focus on each other not Dean’s asshole farther.
“Thank you mother” he smiled and bowed slightly, etiquette demanded that he shows defiance. She was after all his immediate superior and mother to boot.
Instantly Cas relaxed, in the grand scheme of things it wasn’t too bad. He smiled pulling Dean’s head back to look at him “Oh baby, it’s okay.” he cooed to the smaller man. leaning down to kiss his silly head “Tell you what once we’re done with Gabriel you head out and buy yourself some plugs, which should help” slightly scratching behind the omega’s right ear.
“No, thanks” dean said as he tried to exit the car, well maybe he was more tiered then he let on because from one moment to the next he was sprawled on the floor with an indigent squeak. Cas came running around baby picking him up he whispered into his ear “Don’t worry strong omega, asking for help doesn’t make you weak” as he was walking towards the door.
“Dean, Dean you’ve gotta wake up” it’s that voice, Dean could get drunk on that voice; he’d do anything just to hear it. Obviously he’d never tell Sam that; maybe he will not even tell Cas.
Then a voice cut through their quiet introspection “Sirs, I’m afraid the Omega must take his seat, in Omega class” Dean burrowed further into his Alpha’s neck. At the same moment Cas’s Alpha growled, no one was separating him from his mate especially not some plucky beta that obviously had no idea what was happing. “Alpha, no please” Dean cried, knowing that if he left Alpha he’d slip back into his panic. Then he heard a growl from the man holding him “No my Omega will stay here with me, thank you”
Meanwhile Cas asked quite calmly “Are we done officer?” for some reason he liked this Alpha, he got the feeling that she had Dean’s best interest at heart. Jody stood and smile offering her had to the taller Alpha “Yes, we’ll be charging John Winchester with kidnapping and forcing heat upon an Omega. We’ll also clearing yourself of all caution. You’re free to leave the country Mr Novak”
Jody smiled at the small Omega “Okay Dean sorry to make this harder” unusually for an Alpha she actually meant it. Once he was finally out of the room he headed towards the bedroom. That was until his stomach groaned once more he barely made it to the toilet before he vomited his soup he had made for the two of them. Maybe it was residual heat hormones running tough him or it was the fact he just had to relive something truly awful. His Omega was totally unhelpful as per usual; only smiling like cheshire cat and purring non-stop.
Dispite cas Informing Dean that his older brother would find something to critique so not to put massive amounts of pressure on himself; Castiel or the staff of the estate. Dean spent most of the following day cleaning and preparing the house for Lucifer's arrival telling the Alpha "that he'd rather at least attempt to make a good impression than to at least say he tried" to which his Alpha simply half smiled and promised to help anyway Dean needed.
“There how’s that?” Dean asked, hoping that his actual message would get through to the Alpha or maybe Charlie. In fact it’ll probably be Charlie. He didn’t want to but he took off his collar and placed it next to the note.
The shouting brought Sam from the kitchen, instantly seeing Dean on his knees Dad and this strange smelling Alpha. Thinking quickly he came up with a plan. “Dad, welcome home. I got your favourite bourbon from Scotland it’s awaiting you in the living room” that caused John to smile and thank him leading Michael away talking about the mating and his plans for the money. Leaving shaking Dean at the foot of the door.
Dean swallowed hard – something told him to stop – too not push Cas too far. But he was stubborn he had to make the Alpha see that he wasn’t good enough for him “Am I?” he rumbled between gritted teeth. That shocked Cas to his core, even his slightly pissed-off Alpha sat up and took note, they were starting to understand what was going on, but they a little more information. Dean was about to open his mouth to continue the thought. That was until he was cut off by the angry Alpha crowding him against the wall. Looking up into deep red eyes. “OMEGA, you are close to exceeding my patience” Castiel growled out.
Eventually Dean’s pace began to slow and become erratic. Cas started to groan above him “Omega I close. I close”
“I prefer other Alpha’s Dean-o” Gabriel helpfully supplied. The conversation became easy after that, Cas telling Gabriel about his time in the States; asking about back home as well as several other topics. Dean just feel into a happy euphoric mind-set content to be sat on his Alpha being bathed in his scent. Eventually he drifted off into a light sleep, though if you had asked him he wouldn’t know when exactly it happened.
“Charlie?” Dean smiled as he let forward so Cas could re-collar him. Once the weight had been returned to his neck he finally felt like he was well and truly home. Cas lent back admiring how it showed off his neck “Yeah I took off running, I had to find you” he responded so easily such a matter of fact way. Though Dean took note of the actual message, his Alpha didn’t care about anything else but him that made his inner Omega do cartwheels
“Okay Castiel” The older brit was obviously unconfutable with calling him anything other than his official title. He looked down at the attempted sandwich, “Guessing you want the chef and don’t want to attend any seminars tomorrow Yo..Castiel?” Cas nodded and thanked him turning towards the bathroom for a shower, hopefully tomorrow will be easier.
Placing the Omega down on his feet he looked down into those beautiful eyes and knew that this was going to be special no matter how much the Alpha within him wanted to flip Dean down and… no can’t think like that. Cupping Dean’s head with both his hands he began kissing him slowly opening Dean’s mouth with his tough, letting the Omega totally melt into him.
“Cas why do I need bodyguards? I’m just a…” Dean started but he was cut off when Cas started to growl low in his throat. “Omega do you remember what happened last time you spoke about yourself in such a dismissive matter?” Dean swallowed; Cas was in no way messing around he would quite willingly spank his bottom right here, right now.
“He will not want to see me, especially after the way I acted yesterday” Dean murmured and started to cry silently another kind of skill he picked up whilst growing up with a farther like John.
Once he notice his Alpha was awake and watching him Dean smiled and grabbed the spoon from the soap he was making “eee Alpha! try it, try it pleeeeeeeease!” he eyes so full of hope of pleasing his mate. He held up the spoon to the Alpha who smiled and lent down “Okay, okay sweetheart” he said before taking a mouthful, instantly his mouth flooded with the liquid it was a little bland if he was being honest, but, the look in his Omega’s eyes beheld such hope and anticipation that he’d have a heart of ash to crush it.
“Castiel, my boy?” though he could hear his father’s voice he could also hear the concern in it too, having being contacted by a member of Castiel’s staff and not his son would do that.
Dean smiled purring contently he cooed to his Alpha “Thank you, now how are you? Dad, Sammy and Michael being here must have been difficult” Cas was totally taken aback he had just gone full alpha and the first thing his omega did was check on him. He marveled at how lucky he had gotten to be chosen by this Omega, his Omega.
Blue, strong deep blue was staring back at him; then it hit him “Alpha?” he squeaked out, attempting to slid closer to
Growling low in the back of his throat he buried his head deep into Dean’s shoulder; muttering to himself “Gabriel. Why did it have to be Gabriel”
Gabriel on the other hand could tell that it wasn’t fine it was the furthest thing from fine “Oh kitten. How about this rather than fucking, I hold you and we talk, cause you obviously aren’t fine.” Usually Gabriel didn’t care or want to care what was wrong with the Alpha’s he slept with, but, there was something in Sam’s voice that thawed his want. And made him care. Trust he was as surprised as anyone
Cas huffed, he suspected that at some point his head strong omega would have a thing or two to say later on. “Thank you sweetheart, now I’m off to a seminar if you need me or anything happens just tell the Captain; he’ll inform me” standing and excusing himself from the room.
“About 2 hours wh…” Cas didn’t have chance to get the second part of the question out as he had a rather clingy Omega in his lap attacking his mouth yet again. Breaking the kiss he smiled and tapped a button sliding the partition up.
“Okay sweetheart, I’ve got a couple more seminars should be done by midday” they hugged and headed towards the door the guards where off packing, it was the last day after all, everyone was ready to head home. They entering the elevator, one heading towards the conference floor the other to the lobby. When Cas’s floor approached he turned and gave Dean one last hug and a kiss on his forehead “Okay I will see you soon sweetheart”
“Look” holding the paper in front of him “it’s odd to capitalise letters half way through a sentence, and more so at the end of words, no?” hand moving over the note, then it clicked inside Castiel’s mind his Alpha interpreted two words from the letter
Then John smiled a wicked and evil smile that caused Dean to look from him to Cas and back “Well done Dean, talk about mating high, should bring a large amount of money from the English” he grunted out
He expected to see Bobby or Sam. What he didn’t expect was to be met in the hallway with the Alpha he had tied to get his son away from. “You?” he said before the Alpha was on him throwing him to the ground fist raised above his head “where is he!” Castiel growled, John’s eyes flicked upstairs for a brief moment but was long enough for Cas to understand. The next thing John knew the fist flew forward knocking him out cold.
He was getting lost in the scent of the extremely tall Alpha, that was until suddenly there were teeth on his neck and let’s say it was a good thing that he was being held up otherwise he would have ended up sprawled all over the floor with a shit eating grin on his face.
Cas left the house heading towards the street, grabbing his phone ready to call a taxi and head to the hotel “Cas wait, Dean will want to talk to you later. Please Cas. I love him but he’s stupid sometimes” Sam shouted behind him. “Please Cas”
Cas was shocked. His Omega had tied pushing him away and started screaming at him. Taking a calming breath, he tried to think rationally. Even though his Alpha was rising to the challenge its Omega was portraying. Calmly he spoke to the Omega glancing up into the face of the man opposite him “Dean”
“I’m better now sweetheart” he said into his Omega’s ear. They lay there quietly just holding each other waiting till Cas’s knot went down. That was until they heard the doors to the penthouse slammed open suddenly Cas instantly went tense, he was tied to his omega and he really didn't want to deal with their second unannounced and unplanned guest of the day. That was until Cas heard a voice he recognised it immediately rolling his eyes thinking
“I know, it’s just what do I do if he wants to leave me?” he asked rolling his shoulders again for what felt like the fifteenth time that conversation.
. “No baby, it’s Cas” he spoke softly hoping to convey all the love he could muster in to the statement.
Dean heard a voice, it wasn’t that disgusting asshole Michael, then it clicked it was his Alpha “Cas!” he screamed attempting to turn as see his saviour and Alpha. The movement caused another load to shoot out of Cas “Dean sweetheart please don’t move” he cooed once his aftershocks had subsided.
After a few moments Lucifer simply smiled spoke and clapped his hands four times "well its about time. My little brother found someone better than that Meg girl. What do you think girls? Is Dean worthy of my youngest sibling?" They both smiled and one said "yes he is" the other continued "without a doubt"
“well” he said with a chuckle “I’m currently balls deep in my Omega, who’s by the way carrying my pup.” he continued then half smiled to himself and finished with “The only thing that’s missing is a bacon sandwich” that half smile blow up into a full blown grin, that was until what he had just said registered with Dean. Rather than kick or scream the Omega smiled inwardly and started to push after a few seconds Cas realised something was wrong his knot was starting to be pushed out a distinctly unpleasant experience at best down-right painful at worse. He managed to get a few words out “hey, hey I’m kidding stop trying to squeeze it out”
“Okay Alpha I sleep now” it was a statement not a question, Cas knew it, he merely smiled to himself and held his Dean close as the Omega slipped off into a deep sleep. A few hours later Dean was groaning softly whilst deep asleep the ‘excitement’ and bite had taken a lot out of him. Cas had resigned himself to only having one arm the other was supporting Dean’s head, the other he used to check his emails stopping when he found one addressed from his older brother Lucifer
“Cas, welcome home” he farther said over his latest manuscript barely looking up to see his youngest son, smiling and nodding to him, before turning back to continue his reading red felt-tip pen in hand. Most of Cas’s memories of his farther contained him either reading his latest book to him or when he was old enough helping with the research of whatever obscure bit of history Chuck was writing about this time.
After they had finished their breakfast. Which Dean had stated that Cas should definitely make breakfast from now on, that made Cas smile and promise that he’d do it at least once a week. After washing up the plates Dean spoke “So what are you planning to do today? I’m going to head to dads and pack especially since we’re moving to England soon” he said with a smile, he was truly happy with moving halfway across the world, yeah it surprised him as well.
“Yes your mine” Cas confirmed; he supposed that was the answer. Walking outside stepping over the unconscious form of John Winchester, seeing Balthazar pulling up outside in one of their cars. “I’m taking you to a safe place sweetheart. I’m sorry that our first heat mate is going to be in a crap motel” the effect of having his Omega in heat causing Cas to become increasingly horny they had to mate soon.
The Omega straddled his legs kissing frantically “sweetheart” Cas rumbled when the broke apart for air. Causing Dean to look up “can we do this face to face baby?” Cas asked. That warmed the Omega’s heart Cas was asking rather than telling. Instead of answering him Dean decided to show his gorgeous strong alpha the answer. Grabbing Cas’s rock hard cock he started to slowly impale himself upon it. Luckily there was enough slick flowing out of him to make it manageable if not easy - Cas was almost a foot in length. Cas’s eyes rolled backwards, head hanging slack. “Fffff-uck sweetheart worn a guy” he groaned to his omega as he let forward and soaked up his scent.
“Good, good. Let’s head back before Castiel sends a search party” the smile they shared reminded Dean of his own mother, before John had told them that she had left them.
his Omega purred; Dean agreed whole heartily “you’re cooking for me?” Cas said once Dean finally pulled away. Somehow his hands had landed on Dean’s naked hips thumbs rubbing circles on the skin, making Dean giggle.
Dean headed towards his old house, the walk would give him time to think how to explain the move to Sammy. What he didn’t notice was that there was a car following him. He turned down a side street only about 5 minutes away from his old home and 45 away from the hotel. When suddenly he was in the back of the car.
Dean looked up he had just been mated, Cas had bitten him. Cas was his Alpha “Cas, you?” he queried. Cas not breaking eye contact smile large and spoke “Yes I did, my omega, my sweetheart” And all of dean’s Christmases and birthdays had come at once Cas was his, was his Alpha “Oh my Alpha, MINE!”
“Because he’s my mate I don’t lie to him” The growl that came from his chest showed how much he and his Alpha hated the idea of lying to anyone especially Dean. He could remember his mother and father telling him what was expected of him, at least until he decided on a mate of his own.
Cas mumbled to himself “Leave it to Gabriel to get the hot’s for my mates brother he was never had the greatest idea of privacy.”
The rest of their visit went well the four falling into easy conversation, mostly centred around Dean and his aspirations and expectations. Cas finally spoke up, telling his mother and farther that there would be plenty of time for questions later
“Now how about you knot your newly collared Omega, hey alpha?” Dean cooed up to his alpha, smiling evilly he knew that Cas was going to knot him as soon as he walked in here, but Cas had to get with the program.
Turning his head towards the Alpha, Castiel saw that inside his eyes he was scared and worried, like he had been that night he came to his hotel room. Dean swallowed hard and spoke “I saw the email from Lucifer” but before Cas could comment he continued “I woke up when you were asleep” the omega explained.
15 hours 54 minutes and 45 seconds; no he hadn’t counting for your information his Alpha had. It had been agonising to leave Dean like that but he had been raised right; to have a high regard for Omega’s. When all he wanted to hold that head strong omega in his arms and whisper sweet nothings into his ear. For the last 14 and half hours he had been in the penthouse suite unable to focus on anything at the conference. So here he was in the kitchen trying to make a sandwich not totally succeeding but trying anyways.
“Cas?” he cried out. He throw himself towards the Alpha, who luckily managed to grab him bridle style and headed out the room; ensuring that the eyes of the Omega were on him of course there was no need for Dean to see the bloody carcass of his attacker.
Sorry I'm a bit latter than I wanted to be posting this chapter, I hope you all enjoy it. next one up soon
His inner Alpha growling out the question, Cas could swear he couldn’t understand his mate sometimes. Why would he be upset? Yet another thing he could blame on ‘John’s’ so called parenting. “Upset?! What part of you thinks I’d be upset sweetheart? I’m going to be a farther” he said, trying and failing to keep the Alpha out of his voice.
So taken in by the Alpha’s face he slowed and stopped his movements. “Dean” Cas groaned both as a statement as if that one phrase could shatter his entire being and question as to why the Omega had stopped.
He had to act quickly otherwise he would fuck Dean into the mattress hard. Cas was better than his basic instincts so he approached slowly voice low and soft “Dean? Dean sweetheart, you don’t have to do this.” Dean unfortunately didn’t move. So Cas went to place his hand on Dean’s back whilst he kneeled on the bed – It wasn’t the most comfortable position but it meant he could focus on helping Dean not what he Alpha wanted to do to Dean.
Leaning forwards his place a gentle kiss upon those lips “Oh Omega I love you. Of course I will collar you” he said in between kisses.
“Yes, yes he is” Dean said as he drifted off towards blissful oblivion of sleep. Cas huffed as he watched his Omega drift off into sleep. He watched as all the lines on Dean’s face relaxed; he watched as Dean gave little huffs and murmurs in his sleep; he watched as the hours passed something inside of him not letting him pull his eyes away from his Dean his beloved. It wasn’t until maybe two or three o’clock in the morning that he felt Dean move slightly surfacing from his slumber “Alpha?” he spoke voice full of sleep moving closer towards Cas.
Dean Grunted to himself getting up and walking towards the bathroom “Yeah Cas, I’m fine” that was basically Dean’s moto. Cas was totally not buying any of that he rolled his eyes
“Okay, to start with. I’ve got a message from mother” he said as he unfolded a piece of paper from his breast pocket. Gabriel coughed and spoke in a mock way of their mother “Castiel the Major tells me you ducked detail, firstly that is not like you. I and your farther are not pleased by this, you know how important it is that you are safe. Secondly he also informs me that you have an Omega with you, put simply you will explain the whole story to Gabriel. p.s. I hope this Omega means what we think it dose” going back to his normal voice Gabriel started “so brother wanna start”
Instantly Dean responded “I want to be with you!” well that was a definitive answer he thought to himself. Cas smiled and plated up their breakfast “Okay sweetheart. Is that here in the states or back in England?” he said as he placed the feast of a breakfast in front of his Omega. His inner Alpha was ecstatic when Dean started to eat, his slight smile and little moan made getting up at the crack of dawn worth it. The way Dean’s collar moved when he swallowed, made the Alpha inside Cas preen with delight.
“Like shit, how’d we get in the car? And who’s driving or is this a fancy-ass self-driving car?” he barely recognised his own voice even so he still tried to make a joke at his own expense. She smiled at that, he was defiantly getting back to his more normal self if he could crack a joke “you stormed into Benny’s bedroom then mine damming that we leave” she heard a sharp intake of breath from the other Omega and a mumbled complaint from their driver.
“Knot for me Alpha! Now!” the omega ordered his voice a growl, like he gargled on gravel. Cas’s knot swelled and locked in place pumping Dean full of his cum “Deeeeean” he cried out. His vision whiting out for what could be a  moment or hours he couldn't tell. He felt Dean’s release against his chest and chin knowing his Omega had just cummed so hard from his knot gave him a sense of pride. Eventually after a few minutes Dean came back to himself “bloody hell Cas that was intense” he breathed heavily.
“Yes baby, cum” he growled out in full Alpha voice. Hearing and felling Dean cum; spraying his load all over the bed beneath them made Cas fall over the edge with him, his mouth finding bite clamping down hard renewing the bite and claim on Dean; whilst he knot inflated locking them together.
. Making outside the hotel and sprinting towards John’s house, his peak physical condition combined with pure Alpha rage meant he didn’t feel the lactic acid building up inside he muscles.
That was the first thing Dean thought. He was laying on something soft that smelled of his mate, his Cas. cracking an eye open he could just about make out the pillow next to him, something was odd the pillow had hair; it had black hair. Then the pillow moved, it wasn’t a pillow
Finally the message had gotten through Dean flipped on to his side facing way from Cas “Yes” he stated when he was settled, glancing over his shoulder to make sure Cas was coming. “Yeah that’s right were just going to spoon tonight, we will talk in the morning okay?” the Alpha confirmed.
“Yes, I’m gonna strip you down lay you out on our bed and make you scream with my tongue” Cas spoke softly his arms coming round to hold his Omega tightly the rumble of his deep voice reverberating through the smaller man in his lap. After a few minutes Dean slid back across the centre and keeping one of Cas’s hand firmly resting upon his lower belly.
Michael bellowed back in full Alpha voice. His hands coming to land around his neck. Thinking quickly,
“Thank you Jody, I appreciate the help” taking the offered hand and walking her towards the door, once there he thanked her again for coming and ushered her out. Once the door was closed only then did hear Dean vomit again.
“Good sweetheart” Michael said as he sat back awaiting the hotel to come into view and that was it, it wasn’t the fact that they had grabbed him or even that they had threatened Sammy, it was this low life knot-head calling him ‘sweetheart’ Cas’s term or endearment that truly made Dean made become angry, but, Dean was smart there’s no way he could fight off two Alpha’s
“Yes, I swear you always lead with the wrong thing. If you had started with” coughing to clear his throat he put on his best Castiel voice and continued “
Though she noted the movement Naomi didn’t comment, she knew what it was like to be in love, well more precisely she knew what it was like to be young and in love. “No sweet child he hasn’t, in fact Samandriel’s been hoping he’d find his match. You see he can’t officially marry until Castiel brakes off the engagement and he’s found himself a lovely omega he wants”
Cas stood and went back over to his breakfast continuing to eat “I love you sweetheart” he said between mouthfuls
Well that settled it, there was no way that he’d make Cas leave his home so he could live here and deal with Sam and their Dad. No way in hell. “I’m coming with you to England” He said firmly well as firmly as he could with his Alpha looking up at him.
Eventually when it was extremely early in the morning when Sam finally finished telling his story and just before he fell asleep he whimpered out “Will you be here when I wake up” without even thinking Gabriel whispered back quietly into the night “I promise kitten that no matter what, I will be there. Oh and my name is Gabriel” but if Sam heard him was anyone’s guess as he was already fast asleep.
Cas’s Alpha went a little – lot – nuts at the statement “w-wh-what?!” Cas stammered out. Unfortunately the moment had passed and a second later Dean came back to himself glanced around and turned to the Alpha. “Hey alpha, sorry got a bit lost to my Omega there” he said half-jokingly then noticed the colour Cas had gone and spoke again “You alright? Look like you’ve seen a ghost Alpha”
Cas decided that it was best to receive these unexpected guest in the sitting room as it turned out he was totally right as the room was large enough for all 5 men to sit and talk, well that was the plan anyway.
Either the Alpha would smile and he’d be in, or he’d tell Gabriel to shove his knot up his ass. But the only true way to find out is to try. The other Alpha smiled “Maybe if you buy me a drink and give me your name. You’d be presently surprised what you get”
“Oh Omega come here” Cas said as he opened his arms. He saw Dean flinch towards him, halt think better of it then slink back towards the car door. “Dean that wasn’t a suggestion” he said, this time allowing a bit more Alpha voice in. Again the Omega didn’t move. so taking a deep breath he rumbled out in full Alpha voice “Omega come here, Love please” within half a second Dean was in his arms sat across his legs, both a little frustrated and very, very relived. Frustrated cause Cas used his Alpha Voice and relived cause well he was closer to his Alpha. “now here’s what happening” Castiel began, his voice returning to normal “you and me are gonna have a pup, and I’m going to love them so much, almost as much as I love you. And when you decide if you’re ready we’ll have a second and a third and maybe a forth. As many as you want to give me. And I will love them all”
“I’m sorry Alpha you startled me, as all” Dean murmured in his quietest most Omega voice ever, it almost killed him but needs must.
Dean stiffened, he supposed he’d have to talk about it at some point. “Yes” he said without reluctance or hesitation. Cas’s hand became just a little tighter after that. Jody smiled softly she nodded then continued on with the next question “When Cas arrived you were in the mid of your heat yes?” he nodded “What was Michael doing?”
It was obvious to Cas what was going through his mates mind, he thought that he was Michael. That made his alpha scream,
They had been sharing drinks and stories for the last few drinks, Gabriel found out that Sam loved books, family and oddly the Law; whereas Sam discovered that Loki was a shameless flirt. “So what brings you to this wonderful hotel hey Samshine?” Gabriel smiled as he finished his glass and gestured for another. He had been flirting with this Sam for almost an hour and figured that now was as good time as any to ask.  Sam froze like a dear in the headlights, Oh the reaction was what he had intended. “Well umm, you see I” he muttered, paused and then tried again “I…I” but couldn’t seem to get what he meant out.
“Baby stop, I’m fine that was amazing and I for one would love to do that again someday” Dean said as he snuggled back into the Alpha’s hold.
again he bearded his neck to this absolute despot, this scum. Alastair bent down to take a good sniff from Dean’s sent gland
“Take care of me? Alpha?” though he sounded a little concerned, his scent blossomed into the arousal growing slowly. That mouth-watering sweetness that Cas couldn’t get enough of.
Hearing that shocked Dean’s Omega back into action “Cas are you mad! Of course I want to. It’s just very big” looking down at it still. Cas smiled and pulled Dean close “Its okay come here” he rumbled into his ear. Lifting Dean up again by both hands and walking into the nice warm shower “Now were going to go slow, you tell me if there’s any pain Mr” he spoke over the spray.
Opening his eyes he could see why now, Cas’s mating gland had been punctured. He had bitten his alpha, quite literally His alpha. Averting his eyes not wanting to see the disappointment written across Cas’s face he silently chastised himself.
Rushing in to the tiny cubical, he found his mate on the floor head in the toilet heaving again. “Dean sweetheart” He cooed softly as he knelt down next to his Omega holding him close, one arm came up to hold Dean’s shoulders whilst the other pulled his hair out of his face. He heard the ragged breathing coming from the man next to him.
“My name is Loki” That was the name he always used no need to tell everyone right? “And I’m more than happy to buy you a drink hansom” he gestured to the bar tender who put another beer in front of the other Alpha
“Sammy lower the bloody gun before you hurt yourself!” Dean shouted trying to be the I’m big, your small, I’m right your wrong brother voice. Admittedly it was difficult considering he was currently being carried like a bride. Sam either didn’t listen or didn’t care because the gun didn’t budge.
Finally they pulled up at the motel, Balthazar ran in and got a room Cas carried his Omega wrapped in the trench coat that Dean loved so much to the room “Major, we’re get this round out of the way then we’ll head to the hotel”
“Mine” the larger man grunted as he started to slide Dean’s trousers down his ass, hands resting on his hips as well as his mouth attacking the omega’s demanding entrance and forcing Dean’s complete submission. In another situation this display of dominance from his Alpha would have going weak at the knees, but, right now he really wanted to do this in their bed.
Cas moved Dean to the seat next to him and stood quickly nodding his head swallowed and spoke quietly “Oh right, fine I will go. Sorry to be of an inconvenience to you” and headed towards the door. The omega as per his character sat stoically in the seat he was left.
Not knowing what to say Dean decided to keep his mouth shut. After a few moments of reverie Amara spoke again “Dose he make you happy?”
Cas lent forward and kissed his temple “yes sweetheart, I didn’t forget I just thought that you might not want that being passed on to my brother and through him my mother” sniffing slightly getting lost in Dean’s scent. Gabriel coughed and broke the spell between the two, he lent forward and offered his hand to Dean “Pleasure to meet you, I’m Cassie’s much better looking older brother Gabriel Novak the Duke of Cambridge”
“Oh” a simple sound, but to Cas it conveyed so much emotion. He tried to move an arm around Dean hoping that his sent would calm Dean. It had the opposite effect making Dean shoot upwards and start pacing. “What’s it say Sammy?”
Dean wasn’t totally that far gone to realise that an almost foot long cock was soon going to be inside him. “It’s big” he murmured avoiding eye contact.
He obviously was lost to his inner Alpha for some time; as there came another knock on the door and a near silent Dean pleading again “Please let me in Alpha” oh that was it his inner Alpha had enough of this. By the time he realised what was happening he was already opening the door. Only to be met with the single most beautifully heart-breaking sight he ever saw; Dean standing there teary eyed but still looking up at Cas with such reverence that he felt even worse for leaving him.
I wasn't super happy with the Chapter but i needed them to be in the right places for the next one #sorry
the Omega thought to himself all the while trying to ignore the thrusting Alpha above him that was most definitely getting to leak. Dean decided to try again “Cas!” he said again nothing the Alpha pushed his legs further apart “Alpha” he tried sending a desperate prayer skyward. Thankfully that worked.
Michael hissed through gritted teeth. Fighting every instinct he had Dean followed the order, showing his vulnerable neck to Michael; mating gland and all. Talk about humiliating.
Even though Sam was still getting to know Cas he could tell that this was meant by a palpable relaxation “Oh” Cas murmured as he herd the shower start glancing upwards.
“I’m his roommate” Sam growled through gritted teeth. Dean and Sam had many arguments about telling people that they were related and live together.
“As you are now mated to Cas, the protocols are quite clear Cher. We are to protect you as well” the captain added. He had a southern accent was quite strong. Dean looked straight into his Alpha’s eyes and saw that there was no snowballs chance in hell that he’d convince him that he didn’t need a bodyguard let alone two. Sighing he resigned himself that sometimes Cas would know best “Okay Cas, it’s obvious I aren’t going to be able to convince you”
He remembered a promise he made whilst Dean was sleeping the previous night, it was maybe 1 in the morning Cas was simply watching his Omega breathing in and out; every 5 or so breaths Dean would huff slightly and maybe mumble a word or two. Cas would lean a little closer even whilst deep asleep he still wanted to hear whatever Dean had to say most of it was totally unintelligible, but, the words "Cas" "Alpha" and "Love" kept finding its way to the surface. It made Cas's chest go all warm and tightat the same time.
that was before he met Meg and that whole incident put him off finding a mate how times change he mussed to himself. He was exited for Dean to meet his family, well aside from maybe Lucifer he was
Balthazar though it’s going to be one of those, he rolled his eyes and sent a texted his men in their rooms a few floors below
“Yes, sweetheart it is me, I am here” he smiled down at the cutest thing he ever saw; Dean blushing.
anyone got any ideas what Cas meant by when he hoped Lucifer wouldn't mention Samandriel? tell me that you think in the comments <3<3
Fortunately Dean knew that Cas was the one and not just the one, the actual one, his one. “Cas, baby I know how you feel. Once you collar me, you don’t get to ever leave me. Never” and that prompted Cas into action his arms came up cupping his hands around the Omega’s face whipping away the tears that were coming from his beautiful green eyes.
“Right next question; Dean where you forced into a heat?” Jody’s voice cut though his little moment of introspection.
For a big strong Alpha Cas currently was in touch with his emotions, for he started to openly cry with happiness. Though only Dean could really tell the rain running over the pairs faces “My Dean, I’m so sorry for” he managed to say between deep breaths of Dean’s scent gland.
Moving his hand lower he pushed it passed Dean’s trousers and boxers right to his tail bone, where he started rubbing little circles to help Dean relax – Omega’s had a pressure point that would help relax them especially when their Alpha massaged it. “Oh yes you are, you are my Sweetheart, my Omega” The slight Alpha voice causing Dean to pur ever so slightly, its like Cas’s voice and hands was a direct link to his Omega.
Dean smiled accepting the hand shake “Um, hi I’m Dean Winchester Omega Consort to the Duke of Wessex” glancing at Cas to make sure he had used the title right, only to be met by Cas usual Blue eyes turned a deep strong Red and a strong purr coming from his chest.
Sooner or later there was a slight nudge and a cooing Alpha waking him up, after stretching and moaning at Cas to just let him sleep next time, only to have an even more insistent Alpha waking him up. Once fully awake he heard the tail end of the two brothers conversation, Cas spoke normally “Now I believe Dean is going out. I’m going to head to a seminar. And you are going to do something Gabriel?”
Elsewhere in the hotel, Balthazar was packing to head home finally, Charlie was playing an online game on her computer and Sam and Gab where happily holding each other slowly walking up. When all four herd it, the howl that came from the top floor that seemed to have shaken the world to its core. The howl of a wounded Alpha so deep and full of pain. That other Alpha guests checked on their mates and pups then held them close. For only the truest pain could make a howl like that.
“Well here’s what’s gonna happen. You and I are going home, then we’re going upstairs where you’re going to knot me at least twice and I’m going to tell you something amazing got it!” Dean said as he moved around the car to sit in the passenger seat. Regardless of the fact that both him and his Omega were soaking wet Cas was so on bored with that idea he quickly jumped back into the car, put it in first and drove Home, their home, where he and Dean would live.
this time when Dean tried to slip out he managed it – barely – standing between two Alpha’s was never a good idea but again Dean is one stubborn SoB. Pointing an accusing finger at Sam “How dear you come running out of the house because what a strange man was helping when you couldn’t or wouldn’t?” that was meant by Sam’s downcast eyes and Cas purring smugly.
Cas knew that look, that’s the knot me now look. “Yes my bossy collared omega, I think I will” he slid his trousers and boxers off in one quick movement sliding back so he was resting against the head board “Come here sweetheart” he said as he held out his hand. Dean was over joyed he stripped in all of about two seconds and was climbing up the bed towards Cas. The Alpha knew that this was going to be something treasure for the rest of their lives together.
That was it Dean had enough of the constant soft and understanding looks his Alpha gave him. Pushing Castiel away he shouted as load as he could “How can you!” Not noticing the look of pain that caused the Alpha, or maybe he didn’t want to notice. It stung that look, but something inside him was telling him that he needed to push Cas away before he got injured or worse. Yeah they were bonded but even mates separate sometimes.
They got through security and he was okay, the departure league and he was good, then they were at the gate and his omega began to become concerned. Once they entered the plane his concern turned into abject horror in a matter of minutes they would be 1000s of feet in the air in a metal tube. He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t do this, the fear ramped up to new levels; they weren’t going to make it.
Eventually and all too soon Gabriel stood and headed towards the elevator not looking back. That sent Sam’s Alpha into a bit of a spin demanding that he follow
Coming up with a plan stated in his best convincing “Were all pretty drunk, we’ll go get him in the morning” finishing the glass in his had
That set the three gentlemen back almost in unison saying “His Royal Highness?” one was obviously still inebriated the other two looked hug over to a greater or lesser extent. “My son is in there” one still drunk one slurred. “He’s my future mate” the other stammered, only the third looked rather pleased for about half a second until he managed to hide it of course.
That set Dean’s Omega back firstly Royal highness, secondly and more importantly Cas? “G-g-go to Cas”
“Baby, there are many things I fell for you” Cas sucked a breath in, he was scared of what Dean was going to say next “But I could never hate you alpha” the air was kicked out of him
But it seemed like every other floor they had to stop on with other guest getting on or off. Finally they made it to the room then the bedroom. Sam realised that he was going to fuck this brit and judging by how hard his Alpha was ridding him it was going to be anything but soft.
Cas’s sensed the change in his mates behaviour “Baby are you okay?” the concern growing in his voice.
Sam went still looking between Michael and John not sure how or what to say. Obviously not getting the response he wanted Michael asked again “So Sam, where’s my future mate then?” that voice like sandpaper grating upon a blackboard. Without even thinking twice he let out “Oh he’s at the hotel” instantly regretting it his big stupid moth had let slip where Dean had actually gone, and this is why he shouldn’t drink.
“Rodger that” Benny half turned to her on his way out “Where we going Cher?” his voice holding nothing of the bravado it usually held, he was worried for Dean not because he was charged with his protection but because he actually cared for the man.
Guess who's back! im sorry ive been gone so long got no excuse like at all. I am back now and ive got the bug to keep writing so if i disappear again drop me a comment and give us a kick to keep writing!
“Dean?” his voice full of fear. moving his hands down the omega checking that there were no major scratches he caused whilst he was lost to his Alpha.
“Omega I’d, I’d love to I’m just afraid once I do I will be unable to ever loss you” the Alpha groaned. Dean knew what Cas meant, if he ever left or died or anything where to happen to him, Cas wouldn’t be able to cope. It was time to make a decision either he could put the collar down, kiss Cas till they both where breathless and know neither of them would ever bring it up again. Or he could get Cas to collar him and resign himself to this Alpha forever and ever.
“Castiel, you know as well as I your mother would never force you to go through with that, it was purely to ensure an heir; which we certainly do not need from you now” great even his Dad knew Dean was with pup, at this point the Omega’s going to be the last one in the country to find out and he’s the one carrying it.
“I’m fine Alpha” whimpered and tried to pull his arm away from the Alpha. By now Cas had enough of this, using a little Alpha voice he rumbled out “Dean Winchester, don’t avoid the question”
Dean only heard “Bath" & "bed” which was enough for him to figure it out, surprisingly he was okay with having a bath, then him and Cas in bed. So he nodded once hoping that Cas’ll get the message.
“And it’s all yours, my perfect strong beautiful mate” the Alpha growled into his ear. And that was it, Cas started pounding into him so hard it would definitely leave marks Dean’s inner Omega was loving it preening in happiness. Eventually he felt Cas’s incredibly impossibly fat knot starting to form and all at once with no prior warning he felt the need, the all-consuming need to see him, to see Cas, to see his ALPHA! He had breathlessly asked and from one breath to the next he was now looking at those massive blue eyes, god he loved those eyes. “Oh Dean, my love, my Omega. All mine. Just like I’m yours” Cas was cooing down towards him and that was it, he was plummeting over the edge spraying his load all over his chest as Cas emptied into him.
as split second later Dean took off into the night and the only thought in Dean’s head was that simple command.
When Dean reappeared when he was fully dressed, coming in and sitting down next to Cas intertwining their fingers; resting his head on the Alpha’s shoulder. “Dean, hello I’m Jody” the other Alpha started she didn’t lean forward to offer her hand; even though his heat was over Cas wouldn’t approve of any Alpha touching his Omega – Alpha brains were wired to Dean, but sometimes you’ve just got to go with the flow. “I’m just going to take some information then ask a few questions” Cas and Dean nodded “Name please” she started.
Dean assumed that Cas was fast asleep when he asked that question, so he decided to ignore the fact that his Alpha seemed to not want to talk about it – well he’d try anyway. He got up showered; got dressed and most importantly put his collar on. Walking into the kitchen expecting to see the Chef that always cooked their breakfast the last few mornings; he was shocked to see his Alpha cooking their breakfast.
“you smell different sweetheart” he said after a few moments, not as a question but more as a statement
Little did either know Cas was raised right and that words was a truly awful to the extent that in the United Kingdom using such a word would land one with a hefty fine and sometimes prison sentences. Cas’s inner Alpha roared
Amara’s head inclined slightly as if asking the question again but this time directing it towards the sitting Omega, dean totally noticed that it was near identical to how Cas moves his head when he was confused by something he had said. Taking her hand he was led through a few rooms each one decorated with great works of art and adorned with beautiful furniture.
“Even if they’re Omega’s?” Dean’s small voice came between them. And there it was the real reason why Dean might have foreseen upset his Alpha’s disappointment. He was worried that if they ended up being O’s Cas would…he wouldn’t leave him but maybe he’d not have a sense of completion; having an Alpha son or daughter was supremely important to most Alpha’s
Then it clicked, Cas was a newly mated Alpha who just had a run in with three other alpha’s. Two of which were at best extremely irritable or at worse downright hostile, and the third actually touched his Omega. Cas was operating on basic instinct to claim what is his. They entered the bedroom and Dean was thrown onto the bed whilst Cas started ripping his clothes off. “Yes, I’m yours Alpha” Dean purred as he started to wiggle out of his own, somehow they ended up totally naked, but Dean didn’t care not one bit.
“Dean meet Michael” his dad moved to the side grunted pointing over his shoulder, “He’s here is finally going to take you off my hands, he’s your future mate” his dad went on smiling and slapping Michael on the shoulders. Dean glanced up and saw a man that was well kept and in a suit but smelt like car oil and gun power. It instantly turned his stomach, nothing like the, the whisky; like Cas “I don’t want him”
“Hey sweetheart, how do you feel?” His Alpha’s voice rumbling above him made Dean feel safe and secure he did love it when his Alpha did that. He purred softly humming to himself. Cas nudged his shoulder into him signalling that he wanted an answer to the question.
As it turned out Cas, wasn’t going to let Dean go out all on his own. It may have been obvious to Cas, Gabriel and well everyone else, but to Dean it wasn’t. Had been shocked that he was to be escorted on a shopping trip. He had scurried off towards their bedroom, jumped into some of Cas’s clothes and made sure to grab that trench coat that smelled so much like Cas; that Dean was almost sure that his gorgeous Alpha was born in it.
blood. He smiled seeing the look of pure horror and realisation in the other Alpha’s eyes as he lent close and whispered “Hey assbut!” before throwing him across the room.
Sam smiled, he and dean always had this no matter where they went “Oh we’re not mated, we’re brothers”
Cas had grabbed Michael by the hair pulling him off his Omega forcing Michael’s neck into an almost unnatural angle. His eyes totally deep blood red, Alpha inside him needing no,
After their shopping trip Dean left Benny and Charlie heading back to the hotel room, he was excited to show Cas the plugs and well the special item he and brought “Cas? Cas baby you here?” he said as he walked through to the kitchen placing his bags on the contour. He didn’t hear his alpha approach so when Cas wrapped his arms around the smaller man, he definitely didn’t let out a little squeak.
he thought to himself. Getting up and throwing on some boxers; he heading out to the kitchen. They had arrived back at the hotel almost five days ago; the next time Dean woke he was totally lost to the heat. The heat itself had been amazing he got to look after his Omega and he got to knot him over and over again. Well that was at least from his perspective it was amazing; he hoped it was at least equally as pleasurable for Dean.
As the night wore on Lucifer didn't try anything overt to catch Dean out, but Lilith and Abaddon were both "on top form" as Gabe would say trying to make Dean uncomfortable or upset. It started with discussions on their respective Alpha's Knots, who's was bigger and would last the longest "well when I get knotted we're like that for a good half an hour" Abaddon stated to which Lilith replied "that's nothing, when he knotts me we're tied for almost a hour" then they turned in unison and looked at Dean to continue the conversation.
“Hush sweetheart it wasn’t your fault, all is forgiven. I’ve got you now. Sleep now Dean and when you wake we’ll be back in the hotel room”
Once dressed he walked back into the living room only to be met by Cas, a strange smelling yet somewhat familiar Alpha and a smiling Omega. “Um Cas?” he asked “Sweetheart these are you bodyguards, this is Captain Benny Lafitte” Cas helpfully supplied gesturing towards the Alpha then to the Omega “and this is Charlene Bradbury”
Unfortunately stood outside the room was the police liaison officer was stood outside one Jody Mills. Cas growled low in his throat “Move” the heightened Alpha aggression in his voice was having an affect oh his Omega who started to purr softly trying to calm his mate.
Upon seeing his Omega present Cas’s Alpha went absolutely nuts. no sweet and special sex now. Now was about the claim, about Dean understanding that he was Cas’s and no one else’s ever. Cas ran his fingers between Dean’s cheeks to collect some slick rubbing it upon his length, sending a growl through him and a shiver though the Omega.
“but…” Dean went to continue he self-destructive thoughts. Cas lent forwards and planted a chased kiss on his lips having the effect of stopping him dead even making his cheeks pink a little.
The instant his hand made contact Dean began shaking and it was plain to Cas’s Alpha it was not from arousal, having the effect of killing the inner alpha’s want to mount this omega dean. Dean peaked up “Cas?” he whimpered.
Castiel had fallen asleep about halfway through the flight, he was holding his Omega sue him he was after all only human. Only to be awoken by that beta flight attendant “Sir, Sir” his snapped from sleep to total awake in a second flat. His Dean was gone from his lap.
"Little one" Lucifer began his voice dripping with control "how dear you speak in such a fashion to your betters" each word was growing harder than the next until finally Lucifer's full Alpha voice came out hard "kneel boy, if Castiel doesn't punish you then I will" part of Dean's body wanted to listen and obey. As Lucifer was part of the same family as his Alpha the two voices were similar enough to slightly trick his hindbrain into following the Alpha's order.
They both drifted off thinking about the other, not caring about what tomorrow will bring. What neither realised was across the city at the same time question was being asked, by a very drunk John winchester to a slightly drunk Sam winchester
“Yes Cas, I promise” Dean mentally prepared himself for what was to come next. Slowly Cas lowered Dean on to his rock hard cock all the while whispering words of encouragement into his hair. And not pumping up into the Omega. Once about half way down Dean moaned causing Cas to stop and hold him there for a few seconds whilst the Omega adjusted. Once Dean nodded to Cas he continued until he was all the way in. Sighing Cas looked down to see Dean with a blissed out smile on his face.
Dean pondered this for a moment, he knew that Cas would be better at it than him. so after a moment he swallowed nodded and spoke “Okay Alpha” that’s all Cas needed he started moving his hands still holding Dean’s up and down. Dean’s eyes started to flutter close feeling the waves of pleasure running through him “That’s it baby, feel good? Having my hands slid up and down our cocks.” the Alpha asked
His mother stood and smiled at him “Castiel I am heartened that you have returned from America” her voice warm and welcoming. Though she didn’t leave the desk she was sat at.
Naomi smiled and went back to her newspaper opening it up and as she did so she called after the retreating Omega “Good man, I hope our next meeting will be under far nicer circumstances” though weather Dean had heard her could be anyone’s guess, he was focused on a mission. He ran though the hall’s heading towards the courtyard when he heard it, the unmistakable sound of the Bentley sports car he had seen the day he arrived at Castiel’s. He didn’t think twice he started running towards the car.
Even though he had just been knotted to the Alpha, Dean still found this far to embracing to even comprehend “Alpha?” trying to convey his unwillingness to talk about something so intimate. Cas hushed him “I’m a Doctor remember baby” pulling Dean into a hug. Instinctively Dean’s arms came up to hold his Alpha; matted biology compelled him to hold his Alpha close.
“Yeah. Yes. Cas, you can’t… they won’t fit you,” Dean said. He almost sounded like someone was strangling him.
Soap and shampoo were next. Castiel bought the cheapest unscented shampoo he could find. Most shampoo’s had too strong scents and he did not want them close to his nose. Body wash, however, was another matter entirely. Dean left him alone for a while (in search of condoms), and Cas could actually peruse the staggering selection available. By the time Dean was back, Cas had limited his options to three bottles: Milk and Honey, Springtime Birch, and Lemon Tart.
At that, Dean’s face turned a shade redder and he clutched the pillow closer to himself. Suddenly Castiel felt much braver. He let the soggy nacho drop onto the floor and moved closer to Dean with careful steps, like he was approaching a skittish animal. Castiel took hold of one corner of the pillow.
Castiel bristled. He did not like Sam’s insinuations. Dean was a very desirable man, who did not need to bribe anyone to have sex with him. And there was no girlfriend, of that Castiel was sure.
“Yeah. Yeah,” Dean murmured. In a sudden move, he rolled over onto Castiel and settled over him, covering Castiel’s body with his own. Their hips pushed together. Castiel could feel the thatch of coarse hair against his lower belly and the silky soft mound of flesh pressing against his own. Dean’s eyes fluttered shut and he bit on his lower lip, drawing Castiel’s attention back to his mouth.
Normally, Castiel would have been delighted to get out and actually do something. Now, the thought of sitting in a car with Dean (and only Dean) for several hours seemed like the worst torture in the world. Being close to Dean made him irritated, like there was an itch under his skin he could not scratch.
Dean squirmed more, getting out of his pre-come soaked boxers and his t-shirt. He urged Castiel to take off his shirt, too. And then Dean was plastered against Castiel’s side, naked and pushing out heat, and his hands were on Castiel’s skin.
“Huh, always thought you were more of a shorts kinda guy,” Dean said. A small blush was onlymaking its way over his cheeks and Castiel could not help staring at it with fascination. Surely commenting on another man’s underwear was something “real men” weren’t supposed to do?
“Nah, not really, I just thought it was so good because I was with you. It’s always better with someone you love.”
The wings ruffled again, sending another wave of the sweet scent towards Dean. He inhaled deeply and swallowed down the sudden flood of saliva. He wanted to say something about the delicious smell, but would commenting another dude’s wing scent be some kind of faux pas?
Castiel blinked. That was practically an invitation and Castiel would not hesitate to take the opportunity.
However, this time, everything that could have gone wrong, had gone horribly, terribly wrong. Not for the hunt itself: they had ganked the ghost in record time before anyone had died or suffered a severe injury. Even the ghost had seemed relieved to go.
“Uh, don’t go upstairs. Or into the garage. Dean crashed the Impala and he’s pretty… well, you can guess.”
From the corner of his eye, Cas saw something sparkling. An age-old reflex made him think of blades glinting in the sun, and he turned abruptly, looking around until he saw what had caught his attention.
Castiel hit the ground several feet from the grave, face-down. The fall was hard enough to leave him winded and gasping for breath. His ribs felt bruised and tender against the ground. Behind him, Castiel could hear the whoosh of gasoline-induced flames and the screech of the ghost as she burned out of existence. Safe in the knowledge that Dean was fine, Castiel took a minute to gather himself, wheezing and panting.
Castiel took his time with washing his hair with his new, unscented shampoo. He enjoyed the feeling of massaging his scalp. He enjoyed his new shower gel even more: the fresh scent of Springtime Birch did remind him of spring, the beginning of new life. He scrubbed generous amount of the liquid into his skin, and was happy to note that the scent lingered even after he rinsed off.
Dean groaned against the table, still hiding behind his hands. “Honestly? This? This is the man I choose to love?” he mumbled, sounding exasperated and mortified.
“Yes,” he said firmly, “this shirt reminds me of flying through the night sky with wind beneath my wings.”
Other time, Castiel allowed his track pants to slip down so that Dean could get a glimpse of the white lace surrounding his waist. Dean could not tear his eyes away from the revealed strip of satin and lace. Castiel was fairly sure there was a suspicious bulge growing underneath Dean’s jeans before the man turned away.
Castiel’s grace had been low since their last hunt. The fight with the ghost and curing Dean’s twisted ankle had drained the little he had left, so he was not able to dry them.
“Fuck, Cas, fuck, yeah, come one, sweetheart.” Dean was just as breathless as Castiel, and sounded near delirious, but he still kept moving his hand, stroking his fingers up and down. “Are you gonna come in your pretty panties, soak them through with your cum?”
“Dean! Dean, I’m going to…” Castiel’s voice sounded strange, strangled and breathless, but Dean understood him.
“Sorry, sorry! Gotta… fuck, I gotta, um, pee,” Dean mumbled, eyes wild. He pulled to the stop haphazardly in front of the generic gas station. Dean didn’t even shut the engine before he was scrambling out of the car and hobbling desperately towards the restrooms, bent almost double.
Sam and Dean were already up. Sam was sitting by the table with a large stack of pancakes in front of him, and Dean was manning the stove, pouring the batter into the pan. Castiel stepped beside Dean to reach for an apple sitting in the fruit basket on the counter. From the corner of his eye, he noticed that Dean went still. Ignoring the man, Castiel grabbed the apple and turned around to lean on the counter next to Dean, who was still hovering in place, unmoving.
Cas was watching him worriedly. “Did you notice anything else that was different from your usual sexual encounters? Specifically about your own reactions, your body? Any… aggression, for example?”
Dean grunted, desperately trying to hold off a few more moments. He pushed his cock into Cas to the hilt and ground his hips in urgent little circles, rubbing that odd spot of pleasure against the hot, tightening walls surrounding him. He buried his hands in Cas’ wings and sought out those two oily nubs. Dean brushed his slick fingers over them, again and again and again.
Dean could feel his higher brain functions shutting down. “You have a self-lubricating ass? Wait. What? Penetration? You mean you’d be the one to…”
“As long as we keep our boxers on,” Dean said feebly in an attempt to maintain at least a shred of his dignity. His dick was about the size of a small shrimp by now.
It kept trickling out, pooling into a puddle on the Impala’s vulnerable leather seat. More and more came out. It kept coming until the puddle finally reached the edge of the seat and dribbled over, dripping onto the plastic rug on Impala’s floor.
Castiel did as he was told and took his former place on the bed, leaning his back against the headboard.
Still tired and disoriented, dressed only in his most comfortable sweatpants, Castiel made his way to the kitchen. Unlike Dean and Sam, he was not able to stomach a large breakfast and often only ate a piece of fruit or some yoghurt. Dean often nagged at him, but usually stopped when Castiel told him that he sounded like a hysterical housewife.
“Jimmy preferred shorts. However, I dislike the sensation of my genitals moving around so freely,” Castiel said.
“Yeah. Look, do you… do you miss your wings, or something?” Dean asked him, his voice hushed. Castiel looked at him in confusion and then at the shirt in his hands. The wing pattern glittered beautifully under the spot lights.
“That’s a woman’s shirt, Cas, you can’t wear that,” Dean told him. Castiel ignored him and looked away from the shirt, glancing around the shelves and racks around them.
Castiel finished his burger, but pushed aside most of the fries. His appetite was not as voracious as Dean’s and even Sam’s. Perhaps it was because he was slightly shorter. Or perhaps he had not yet built up his tolerance to overly greasy and salty diner food.
“Can I see?” Dean asked. His voice came out low and husky, almost like a growl. His muscles were taut, every sense focused on the angel in front of him. Aggression and desire warred in Dean’s mind. He had never felt like this before, this powerful, determined, hungry.
“I have told you that angels do not have a gender,” Castiel said, looking out of the window, “This was not completely true. We are not male or female or anything in between, but we do have a designation. God gave it to us in case our numbers grew too small, but now that they have, he is not here to activate our breeding cycle.”
If he had been in full possession of all his mental capacities, Dean might have recoiled in disgust. But now, he only realized that the enticing scent had deepened further. He drew his hand back, watching at the substance in fascination.
“Right. Basic toiletries first, they are easy,” Dean said and weaved his way through the confusing maze of shelves and aisles.
It was the most difficult thing Dean had ever said out loud. But it was worth it, because Cas scooted over and cradled his cheek, gently turning Dean to face him.
Worriedly, Castiel contemplated his own need to urinate. These bodily functions were one of the most disgusting parts of humanity, and he usually ignored them for as long as he could. But Dean hated granting unnecessary toilet breaks and if he planned to drive through the night, perhaps it would be best if Castiel relieved himself now.
“Oh god,” Dean blurted out, scrambled for the door handle and yanked the door open before escaping into the freezing morning air. He slipped on a patch of ice, fell on his knees with a grunt and tried to find his legs, sliding this way and that like a demented Bambi, before he finally managed to stand. By then, it was too late to flee; Cas had a firm grip of his bicep.
Dean pulled the zipper of his jacket shut and leaned his back against the seat, staring at nothing. Castiel had scooted as far away from him as possible, had pressed his side against the door, head hanging low. The sight made Dean’s insides squirm with terror and nausea.
Castiel was fairly sure he heard Dean whimper. Was he injured after all? The leather crinkled as Castiel watched Dean squirming on his seat.
Castiel did not think the words were meant for his ears. The tone was perhaps not the most loving, but the words still made Castiel’s heart leap and left him feeling warm and content inside.
He rose from the car and locked its doors before stretching for half a minute. Then, he followed Dean to the restrooms, pulled open the door and stepped into the unpleasant odors of a public restroom.
The relief was enough to make Dean’s tired muscles tremble again. He leaned against Cas’ warm palm. “Yeah, I smelled you. Not anymore. You smelled like pie. Like the best pie. And like good coffee. And sunshine,” he mumbled, closing his eyes.
But some things were much harder. As Steve, he had worn any clothes he could get his hands on, slept wherever he could, ate whatever he found or what he could afford. There was no room for hopes and desires, no choices to be made, no decisions.
“Would you let me touch you, Dean?” Castiel asked, and was surprised to note that his voice was trembling.
“You can’t go around smelling like… I don’t know, like fucking daisies and blueberry pie. That’s weird for a dude,” Dean said as he pulled out a black bottle of men’s body wash with the word’s Anti-Hangover on it. He dropped it into the cart.
Dean drew back and slapped Cas’ hand away. “Yeah, yeah, only alpha angels are supposed to get with you, I get it,” he spat out. Then he paused and blinked in confusion. Jesus, what was wrong with him?
“Dude. No,” Dean said, and he sounded so strange that Castiel turned to look. Dean’s face was almost scarlet and his eyes were very wide as he stared at the piece of clothing in Castiel’s hands.
Forty-five minutes later, Dean could no longer feel his toes and his fingers were getting pretty numb, too. That was not good. Very not good.
“And, uh, the orgasm was weird. Like, I couldn’t stop coming, and there was a lot of stuff. Like, a lot. And I wanted to bite you. I needed to bite you. I don’t usually do… that.” Dean swallowed the need to explain what a considerate and gentle lover he usually was. His eyes travelled over to Cas’ neck, where the bite had been, and his disappointment at seeing the skin unmarred again was both surprising and visceral.
“Care to explain, Dean?” Sam asked, waving the small slip of paper in the air. Castiel turned to look at his beloved, who was stuffing his face with bacon without even looking at his brother.
“Dunno. It kind of seems like she ran out of gas, but the meter is half full,” Dean said. He looked out of the window into the dark night. The nearby trees swung in the harsh wind and the windows were fogging up. Dean wrapped his arms around himself. He had no desire to go outside to pop the hood. Again, he tried to start the car. Nothing.
“Why not?” he asked, and watched with mild interest as Dean spluttered, waved his hands, and stuttered for approximately 5.4 seconds.
“What the hell?” Dean yelled. He brought his hands closer to his face but saw no trace of anything disgusting. They were still shiny and wet with Cas’ wing oil and it was the only scent he could detect. Fighting against the freaky urge to lick his fingers clean, Dean shoved his hands under his thighs. “Did you piss yourself or something, Cas? Why are you all wet?”
He was quickly growing erect. Which was not surprising, considering that Dean, the imaginary star of many of Castiel’s morning showers, was masturbating furiously only a few short steps away. Keeping his mind carefully blank, Castiel managed to urinate despite the discomfort. Afterwards, he tugged his still half-hard member inside his satin panties, walked back to the Impala, filled her up and went to pay.
Dean remained quiet for a long while. His eyes raked over Castiel’s body and he licked his lips before finally taking a deep breath. “Yeah. Yeah, alright. Get… get on the bed.”
“Okay. Okay? Good. Yeah,” Dean finally managed to mumble. Distantly, he wondered if this was the moment to kiss Cas.
“Yes,” Castiel answered, quite surprised that Dean had not figured it out yet. Perhaps the flow of blood away from his brain has made him less astute?
Castiel was no longer an angel, but this was hardly the time to remind Dean of the fact. Castiel lifted a trembling hand to help Dean find his own release, but it was too late.
Dean thought back to that morning, realized that Cas was right and did a quick mental calculation. Shit.
Castiel drew in a deep, fortifying breath before he entered Dean’s room. Dean did not look up at first, too engrossed in wiping a dollop of cheese sauce off the hem of his ratty old t-shirt. True to his words, he was not wearing pants, just loose light blue boxer shorts that had seen better days.
He wasn’t too happy with the jeans. After a few days of use, they had turned out a size too big and hung low on his hips, below his hipbones, as he had forgotten to buy a belt. The shirt, however, was his favorite. The material felt soft and silky against his skin, which was a blessing as it also clung to his shoulders and chest. The neckline was lower than in “men’s” shirts, low enough to reveal his collarbones. Castiel liked it, because he hated the feeling of something too close to his throat, choking him. The wings in the back were the best part: although Castiel could not see them, he knew that they glittered and sparkled as he walked.
“Can you stop that? I’m trying to sleep,” Castiel snapped. Part of him was ashamed of his irritated tone, but he could not help it. Ever since he had become human, Castiel had noticed that being tired often made him feel inexplicably angry.
They were silent once again. Castiel considered switching the radio on, but at this time of night it was always a gamble. Maybe he'd find a station playing something decent. But more probable was that they would end up listening to senile ramblings about evil squirrels or today’s youth.
Dean pushed his boxers down to his knees. The sight of himself made him pause: he was bigger than he had ever been, his erection hard enough to hammer nails. He shuffled forward on his knees and slid his heated length through the warm slick substance still dripping out of Cas. He pushed against the fluttering entrance, testing it with a gentle thrust.
The choked moan Castiel heard from behind him was very satisfying. He straightened his back and looked at Dean, fervently hoping that Dean could no longer control himself and his lingerie fetish.
But perhaps Dean found the idea of panties so exciting that his mind was willing to ignore Castiel’s wrongly-shaped body? Perhaps… perhaps, if Castiel wore lingerie, Dean would be willing to overlook his physical gender? Would he even be amenable to some form of sexual relations?
“Dean… Dean, we shouldn’t…” Castiel mumbled. The words were cut off by a breathless moan as Dean’s hands brushed over two hard nubs located somewhere around the base of the wings. The feathers around them were sodden and Dean’s fingers became covered with slick, oily substance.
“Dean, no! No! You did no such thing, I wanted it. If anything, I coerced you, although I did not intend to. Or perhaps we were both victims of our instincts. Instincts that you should not even have. I still don’t understand what happened. Did you really smell my scent?”
Dean gave him a long, searching look, obviously attempting to look for deceit. Castiel kept his expression neutral, unmoving, and finally Dean relented.
Later, sitting on his own bed alone in the silent motel room, Castiel reflected on this new tension in Dean and his relationship. He was starting to suspect that perhaps Dean did not like him all that much. At least, not anymore, now that Castiel was human. The thought was rather devastating and kept him awake late into night.
Dean stared at the scene in front of him in disbelief. Castiel was a panting, slick mess of feathers and sweaty, cum-stained skin. His legs were still parted, the puffy, glistening opening was fluttering and clenching under Dean’s shocked gaze. As he stared, semen started to trickle out. Dean’s semen.
During the next few weeks, Castiel tested his theory. When Dean came by to ask if he had any laundry, Castiel dropped the green panties into the basket Dean was carrying and watched the man closely. Dean blushed and his throat worked furiously, but there was no comment, and he left too quickly for Castiel to see if he became aroused.
Castiel had been human for approximately 1.5 days, when he had decided that mornings were one of the most despicable aspects of mortal life. Most humans seemed to be able to face them after copious amounts of caffeine. However, the taste of coffee disgusted him. As Steve, Castiel had had an unlimited access to Gas-and-Sip’s coffee. He had drunk gallons of it, dunking in packet after packet of sugar and cream, because it was often the only nourishment he could get, aside for a few stale nachos he could scavenge at the end of the day.
“He… he… for you?” Sam stuttered. Castiel nodded and watched as Dean burrowed his face into his hands.
It still didn’t help. Castiel’s clothes were drier than Dean’s own, but still damp and cold. Even though Dean’s right side was warm, pressed against Cas’ warmth, his left side felt even colder. His toes were completely numb again. Even the secret thrill of being practically naked and pressed against Cas did not manage to heat Dean up.
“Yeah. Yeah, your body… and also kinda everything else about you, Cas,” Dean said. The words were rushed, jumbled, and they took Castiel’s breath away.
First touch of skin against skin was a revelation. Castiel shuddered under Dean’s delightful weight and enjoyed the silky glide of Dean’s full lips against his own. He surrendered the reins to Dean, allowed him to decide the pace, because he was far more experienced in this sort of intimacy than Castiel himself.
Castiel placed the pair of green underwear in front of his crotch and tilted his head to examine them. Dean let out a high, whimpering sound, which Castiel has never heard before. Perhaps his friend was coming down with a cold and had a sore throat.
“I have tried them on. But I don’t understand their purpose,” Castiel said and turned his attention away from Dean. There was a sign advertising a 24/7 gas station that was coming up. Castiel wondered if he could convince Dean to stop there. He was hungry.
When they were down to their underwear, Cas wrapped his trench coat around them both and placed his suit jacket on their knees while they sat side by side. His slacks were wrapped around Dean’s feet.
Dean let out a weak chuckle and wiped his hand over his face. Had Castiel’s performance been so bad that it was laughable? Before Castiel had the time to fret too much, Dean turned to look at him with a lazy grin on his face.
“What the hell?” Dean whispered. The quiet sound seemed to wake Cas from his orgasm-induced stupor, and the angel slammed his parted legs shut and scooted back. A whoosh, and his wings were gone. Dean blinked and when he opened his eyes again, Cas was clothed, the leather seat was as immaculate as ever and all traces of the scent that had fried Dean’s brain were gone. He sniffed desperately, trying to find it again.
“Have you… have you worn the, uh, black ones yet?” Dean asked. His voice was even lower than Castiel’s own. Sudden bout of intense throat ache?
“Yeah, that’s it,” Dean murmured as he twisted on his side to face Castiel. Castiel saw him looking down. Embarrassment seemed to color the man’s face when he saw his own state of arousal, which was confusing to Castiel. He, too, had become erect, but he much preferred seeing a hard cock over a flaccid one. It certainly looked more impressive.
“No! No, look, they won’t fit. Your… junk won’t fit in them,” Dean whispered and tried to snatch the pair away from Castiel. He side-stepped Dean with ease and held the garment higher at his eye level. Dean was perhaps right, there was not enough room for his penis, especially if he became erect. However, it was an easy thing to remedy. Castiel picked up a larger size and tried to put it in the cart, but Dean snatched it away from his hand and threw it back on the pile like they burned his hand.
“Oops,” Castiel said, stood up, took a few steps into Dean’s direct line of sight and bent over to pick the nacho up.
Castiel smiled in satisfaction, confident that this was the end of the discussion about his clothing preferences.
However, Dean didn’t struggle, and when Castiel let go of his hand, his arm dropped and hung limply at his side. Dean looked down and then quickly shuffled behind their shopping cart, crouching down like he was trying to hide behind it. Castiel watched him for a while until he was satisfied that Dean would not try to stop him again. Then he finally started to peruse the discount pile with much more enthusiasm than he had expected from this trip.
“No! No, I want everything. I want everything with you,” Castiel rushed to say and was rewarded with a smile he had never before seen on Dean’s face.
Castiel glared at him, but the soft fondness in Dean’s eyes gave him a pause and made his heart thump almost painfully.
“Crashed the Impala? Is he okay?” Castiel made an aborted movement towards the stairs. He decided against it. If Sam was telling the truth, Dean was probably a blubbering, screaming mess right now.
“I don’t know,” Castiel said. He finally looked at Dean with his beautiful blue eyes, and Dean was hit with the realization that he had never even fucking kissed the angel.
For some obscure reason, wearing the shirt made him feel powerful and in control. It was curious, how something so trivial could have such a profound effect on the mind. Yet another strange thing about humanity, Castiel supposed.
Castiel did not know what to say to that. His heart leapt with joy and he could feel a smile forcing its way onto his face.
Dean fought to open his eyelids. It took a few tries, but finally they slipped open. Cas’ face was the first thing he saw, but then his attention was drawn to the mass of black feathers surrounding them both. His mouth fell open.
“Can we go now?” Castiel started towards the car, very eager to leave the scene of crime. After a few seconds he heard Dean shuffling behind him, still silent, and Castiel sighed in relief. Argument avoided.
Then Cas clenched around him, and suddenly Dean was coming again, wrenching out every last drop of liquid from his drained balls, hips pumping helplessly. He was almost sobbing with the pleasure that bordered on painful, overstimulated and overwhelmed.
“I gotta have you, Cas. Fuck, please, gotta have you now,” Dean mumbled feverishly. Cas moaned again and his legs fell further apart in clear invitation. Dean wasted no time; he slid his finger through the slick mess and pushed it inside. It went in easily and Dean slipped in another. Cas shuddered and ground his hips against the intrusion.
“Dean, these remind me of how I was free like a tiger, a powerful predator, not bound to this weak mortal form.”
They ate their burgers in relative silence. Castiel had never quite grasped the purpose of small talk, and Dean seemed to be quite content with his burger, if the pleased, but still somehow annoying sounds he was making were any indication.
“I’m fine,” Castiel said and started to push himself on all fours, slow as not to hurt himself further. Everything seemed to be in working order. Except for his far too loose jeans, which had slipped midway down his buttocks, aided by the slippery material of his satin panties. Frowning in annoyance, Castiel pulled his jeans up. When he turned to Dean, he was dismayed to see that Dean was staring at his crotch level, obviously having caught sight of Castiel’s underwear.
“You tricky son of a bitch,” he said, sounding almost awed, “You don’t give a crap about the night sky or cloud touching, do you? You just wanna wear women’s clothes, you perv,” Dean continued and stared at him.
On a rainy Friday, Sam got a call from a hunter named Eileen. Castiel had never met her, but Sam and Dean had told him that she was a skilled hunter, and a MoL legacy, like them. She had run into a bit of trouble in Wyoming, her cover had been blown and she needed someone to come and pose as an FBI agent.
“Better now where back on the ground. So where are we heading?” glancing upwards he saw the smile forming on his mates lips. Oh that smile was more beautiful than anything maybe even Baby… it suddenly hit him that he left Baby back in the states. The moment of introspection wasn’t lost on Cas. What the Omega didn’t realise was that he had payed for Baby to be shipped from the states his inner Alpha purred softly at the idea of pleasing their Omega
“Oh, come now pretty Omega, I don’t mean you any harm. What do you say come back to mine and choke on my knot?” the sly smile that appeared on his face made Dean’s blood boil
Time seemed to slow down, all he could see was his brother looking expectantly at him tapping his immaculately clean shoe on the polished floor of the terminal building. Glancing down to the small Omega in his arms, he took a deep breath paused organised his thoughts. Then spoke quiet but firmly “Please accept my apologies brother, Dean is suffering from Jetlag and I do not wish to awaken at this time, with this many people around” he said all this hoping his brother would not wish to make a fuss in public.
Thankfully Charlie was one of the lucky omegas that found Alpha Voices nothing more than annoyance “listen to me, Dean didn’t leave you” hearing that that stopped Castiel dead, in fact the whole room stopped. “Castiel come here” she said extending her hand, Balthazar judging that letting Castiel go wouldn’t result in him literally ripping Sam’s head off let him. Alpha practically jumped to her side without hesitation.
Slowly he swung his head around he saw him the Alpha from inside his head, his blue eyes. But he wasn’t in his mind anymore.
Sam bent down on one knee “Dean, Run I will keep them busy. for tonight, run Dean” his whispered into his ear
I'm sorry I've been gone so long. but I'm back now so hopefully posting more regularly. Thank you all so much for sticking with me <3<3
Benny ran in drawn by the sound of raised voices and fighting instantly apprised the situation quickly he grabbed Michael who shouted “One day Dean you will be mine” on his way out. Cas picked John up and escorted him from the room. Leaving Dean and Sam a moment to talk.
“So Dean wanna see the kitchen? I bet that Alpha of yours would love a home cooked meal when he gets back and I’m sure Pam wouldn’t mind”
Smiling into the kiss Dean attempted to talk around Cas’s tongue “Knot” it was a statement rather than a request or demand for his Omega knew that even in the clutches of the heat that this Alpha was his and he was Alpha’s. “Almost there Omega” Cas cooed in to his ear; they were ridding up to the penthouse in their own elevator. Though each second seemed to drag on for an hour eventually they arrived at the top floor. Cas had hoped that he wouldn’t run into any other Alpha on their way to the room, for their sake not his – the room where his Omega would nest and they’d finally complete the bond.
Dean bless him was so lost to his Omega he didn’t even realise that Charlie had not only gotten up but had also dressed and somehow managed to get him in the back of the car. Coming back to himself slowly he heard the tail end of a conversation “I know lovely, but I can’t” he knew that voice it was definitely Charlie a pause as the other person on the phone answered “Yes, he needed me” another pause “thanks love I will talk to you soon, I think he’s waking up. Love you lots bye” she finished.
“So why tell…I swear of all my children you are the smartest and stupidest I have” Chuck was smiling and making a joke, now, seriously of all the times. Suffice to say that drove Castiel’s Alpha even more up the wall
Upon finishing the job, Dean grabbed his Alpha’s hand and placed it firmly on his lower belly. Then stated firmly “Puppy” with a big gummy smile and slid back into Cas’s arms humming quietly to himself.
“Omega” Cas tried one last time, his alpha wasn’t going to let this continue much longer. “I told you to BITE ME!” the Omega shouted attempting to throw the larger man off him. From one breath to the next Dean was span around collar pulled down and his mating gland was bit hard. Suddenly all the fight in him fled his whole body became limp; he all but felt into total submission. His inner Omega loving the feeling of his Alpha’s teeth on him, combine that with being crowded against a wall and his instincts were starting to take over.
Tom hadn't helped, either. Castiel had come home that night with a dazed and confused look on his face that was definitely not the cheery, just-had-sex daze that Dean had been hoping for.
“There you are,” Dean says, making his way towards him with a casual swagger like he hasn’t been watching him the whole night.
Which apparently goes as far as: standing hand-in-hand in front of the paint chip display at a local Lowe’s, taste-testing tiny little cakes and wedges of cheese, willingly getting fitted into a monkey suit and being pushed and poked and prodded, not-so-willingly
“Really?” Castiel sounded genuinely piqued, looking over at Dean with that piercing gaze of his. “Why?”
“I got the surgery,” Castiel said, his eyes huge and sincere, unwavering the whole time, and Dean swallowed because Castiel was telling the truth.
“Shh, c’mon,” he mumbled, holding him close to his chest. Against Castiel’s back, he rubbed firm, steady circles while Castiel shuddered and shook through fits of coughing so fierce they wracked his entire frame, weak as a baby lamb. “You’re okay. You’re gonna be okay, I promise.”
Cas, but the last time Cas had driven anything it was a toy model helicopter and he’d had the controller for little more than two minutes before it had met its untimely demise in a nearby oak tree.)
Castiel managed to smile back through the incessant pounding in his temples. "What do you suggest for treatment?"
He googled them on his phone afterwards. Wolfsbane. The word stirred up images of too-sharp grins and full moons on starless nights. Apt enough, Castiel supposed, as he watched the innocent-looking blossoms disappear down the toilet.
(Part of him, the part that sounded suspiciously like Bobby and Sam mixed together, pointed out that no one would put a free coat in the middle of the library and just leave it there. But neither Bobby nor Sam had ever gone to college, and if Dean had learned anything in his first year, it was that college was on another plane of reality compared to the rest of real life. It was like the more reputable, respected version of Vegas.)
He had, he realized in the next moment, and it was the perfect coincidence, falling right into place. Sam was head-over-heels for Castiel’s art. Before heading to Stanford, Sam had saved up for three weeks to buy a poster replica of his most famous piece,
The next round came that night in the shower. Castiel spat them out and stared at them as shampoo swirled down the drain. They were bell-shaped, dark purple petals surrounding a small centre. So very small, and yet, the feeling of them clogging in his throat was more forbearing than anything else he’d experienced.
“I’ll pick up Sam today,” came the response. “I’ll tell him on the way back. There’s food in the fridge, we can whip up a quick dinner.”
“Fuck the flowers,” Dean said, and it was spat with venom, vehemently, because he had never been so sure of anything else in his life. “Look at me.” He waited until Castiel looked at him, a yawning expanse in his gaze like he was tethering right on the edge of a deep, dark cliff. “Like you said, right? Trust our feelings, not the flowers? How do you feel right now?”
Dean wondered, sometimes, if it could’ve been different. If things could have been different, if he’d just been a little bit faster on the uptake, a little bolder, a little wiser, a little less oblivious to what had once been standing, bright and glaring and blinding, right in front of him. If he’d just done things the tiniest bit differently when it wasn’t too late, when the wolfsbane in his fingers were fresh and so soft and accompanied with thousands more.
When she was pregnant with Sammy, Dean had pressed his forehead to the firm bulge of her stomach and wondered how someone could fit an entire person in there. His mother stroked his hair with ticklish fingers and sang Hey Jude to both Sammy and Dean as they went to sleep.
Dean smiled quickly, though his eyes were still flickering. “I know you don’t like parties. Or dances. Or anything, really, and I
Castiel held back an annoyed sound, pulling a face instead, and said, “How do I know to trust you? I’ve only just met you.”
The idea suddenly sprang into his head, fully-formed, and before Dean knew it he was loping into the living room, saying, “Hey, Cas,” and Castiel was looking up from the couch where he was reading a book. “You know that flower journal thing you showed me once?”
“Leave me alone,” Sam muttered, sounding for all three-and-so decades of his life like he was back to a gangly, moody teen. “I was up all night researching. What did
and grab Castiel and pull him close, mesh their bodies together until they were whole again, okay again, cracks all filled in. He wanted to fix it, fix this. But Castiel was asking, and Dean couldn't say no. He just couldn't.
Not Dean, that was for sure. Not even after three painful hours of intimate quality time with no one but the two of them in the cozy corner of the library, nose half-buried in the textbook and eyes straining to decipher his own handwriting from half a day earlier—when, eyes glazed and mind foggy, he’d resigned to simply whatever he could see on the board down to “figure it out later”. Past-him had been desperate; present-him had long meandered past that point and was now solidly wandering around giving up.
He stayed like that for a few seconds, swinging his leg absently back and forth in the wind, and then hauled it back into the car. A little gracelessly (irony not intended), he sat himself back down and rebuckled his seatbelt. (Cas was a little anal about seatbelts, which Dean found funny because, hello, hanging out with two people at risk of constant death by inordinate otherwordly entities, if that couldn’t kill him a car wouldn’t either.)
“Music,” Cas eventually answered. “It’s beautiful how a combination of various vibration frequencies can induce such strong emotion in people. Throughout the eons, humans have used music to express their feelings, from simple enjoyment to therapy and catharsis.”
Castiel remained still for a moment, long enough to hear the slightly muffled, “Come on!” through the leaves, and then cursed to himself and shoved his way into the bushes.
When Dean walked Sam to school the next morning, they exited the house with soft, careful steps, delicately as to not step on the shards of glass on the tiled floor and the billowing sprawl of rose petals, black like a starless sky.
“Why did you never put me down?” Dean asked. He knew because Castiel always asked to borrow Dean’s double-sided tape, his extra textbooks to stack down onto the petals while they dried perfectly in-place, and he hadn’t said a single word back then.
“I’m willing to forget about it if you are,” Castiel offered, and Dean stared for a second before realizing, belatedly, that this was an olive branch.
Beth looked a little overwhelmed, her eyes darting back and forth between the two of them. Like a fish trapped between two bloodthirsty sharks, she decided on the best strategy for survival: retreat.
Dean nodded, and stayed still, breath held as Castiel gently picked up the frame and turned the whole thing around to face Dean.
“Breathe,” Dean’s voice commanded, as a hand came down solidly on Castiel’s back. “Just breathe. You’re gonna be okay. Yeah, you got it, just like that. You’re okay.”
Dean nodded fervently. Tried to lower his eyes in the demure, puppy-innocent way Sam seemed to have mastered that could send any adult looping around his little finger; the one Cas had picked up recently, too. Dean seemed to be the only one who couldn’t get the hang of it, and it didn’t work now, either.
“An idiot with faster reflexes than you,” Dean said, and winked before he could stop himself because he really was, truly, an idiot. “By the way, no punchbacks.”
"Aww, you’re too sweet to me," Dean cooed, still with that grin, still with that sparkle in his eye. "After all, who wouldn't love a face like this?"
“It’s not that bad,” Castiel whispered, lips pressed against Dean’s t-shirt where he could feel the warmth of his skin.
The man turned around, his eyes sparkling and seeming to glow in the low lighting of the tunnels. “This is the fastest way into the castles. Trust me.”
It could’ve been anywhere from twenty minutes to an hour when Castiel cleared his throat and stood up. With a sigh, he stretched his arms up to the ceiling, tilting his head from left to right.
Dean with his jellybean eyes and too-wide grin and whip-sharp snark and the scar on his chin from when he was four and fell off a roof. Dean with his warm nimble fingers and warm broad chest and warm, warm smile.
"Dad's in the hospital," Sam told him, and Dean was halfway out the door before he'd even shut off the tap before he added, "He's fine. Said he didn't want any visitors."
“I could kiss it better,” Dean said in a rush, his face suddenly hot even though it wasn’t even that warm out, the two of them sitting under the dappled shade of an oak tree.
Dean closed his eyes and tried to soothe the trill of his pulse. He was going to say something stupid, something easy, something like
“Alright,” Dean gritted out. “It’s pretty straightforward. First, I ask you a question: Truth or Dare? And you pick one.”
“And when did that mean it’s not worth it to try?” Castiel was nearly whispering, now, voice a secret rumble in his chest. “Give it a chance. Instead of looking at what it could be, see what you have now. See it—feel it. Look at me.”
“Family comes first,” John said. “Family’s gotta stick together. I know it’s hard, but we all gotta make sacrifices sometimes.”
Beth punched Castiel in the shoulder. “It’s not your fault, dummy. Love doesn’t work like that. You can’t make yourself love someone. You can’t make yourself stop, either.”
He put the sticky note into the pocket of the trenchcoat, meanwhile giving them a quick search, and found nothing but a single loose receipt for a large coffee at the local cafe with a blueberry scone. No name, no number.
"Mexican?" Dean said. Castiel hated Mexican—would always groan and roll his eyes and complain about how the smell of onions would linger in the room for hours.
It was dark and late by the time Castiel finally packed up his things and began to head back to his residence from the library, which was allocating its flexible opening and closing times as exam season drew everlastingly near like a tiger stalking a campus full of terrified, sleep-deprived baby lambs. Castiel was tired and cranky from the coffee that burnt his tongue that morning and the skidded patch of water on his way into study hall that afternoon to catch up on all his Monday-due assignments, and he hadn’t even had the chance to go back to his dorms even once since that morning, and to top it all off, his group project partners (teacher-picked and assigned, which
The man’s gaze didn’t move. Dean, extremely engrossed in watching a patch of grass on the ground in front of him, felt his eyes like ants across his neck. A full beat, then more, and, okay, just because he caught Dean checking him out didn’t mean he got to stare back for so long.
It wasn’t like Cas ever told him to knock it off—because he would, if he asked—and he never looked at Dean back anyway.
The restaurant wasn’t far from the campus, but Castiel had driven anyway—taken Dean’s Impala for “good luck”, with a slap on the shoulder and a wink. Castiel didn’t think a ride home for Tom was what Dean had in mind, but he offered it anyway as they walked out the driveway.
okay, scratch that, the wedding planner had suggested it and Dean had to remind himself that they’d paid her good money that didn’t include a hospital bill—not to mention all the standing and talking and the stupid tradition that said they couldn’t see each other the night before, which was just plain mean, and all the dances he’d doled out for the guests to cheesy 80s love ballads until the balls of his feet ached when, really, all he really wanted to do was to dance with Cas.
Dean Winchester had quite the reputation, and it travelled like wildfire. His flightyness, insistence on not marrying, and his infamous salaciousness with girls and guys alike was a polar opposite of his younger brother, who was rumoured to have a seat saved for him during legal and civil discussions from the tender age of sixteen.
Putting the Omega’s last words down to instinct he thought quickly and spoke softly “Oh no sweetheart, just had a chat with you Omega as all” buttoning his shirt back up as he did so.
They fell into a comfortable silence both waking up slowly, neither wanted to rush it. Eventually after what could have been hours, but, was more likely minuets Dean spoke softly his voice becoming one of concern and embarrassment “Cas about what happened last night”
they were specifically made to help omegas after being knotted “and I got this as well” placing the ornate wooden box on the counter top.
Thanks skrsq for giving the kick up the bum i needed to write the next chapter. Sorry it took so long; had a relative in hospital bloody Covid-19
When the two finally emerged almost 40 minutes later they were each carrying at least a dozen bags between them. They all decided to head back to the hotel. What none of them realised was there was a car had followed them from the hotel, then parked up outside the shop. A car that if anyone where to pass by would stink of Alpha rage.
“Yes Naomi, I do” His Alpha answered for him, it wasn’t wrong but it was unexpected to hear the slight growl at the end. Looks like his inner Alpha was at least as much if not more upset with the prospect of losing Dean as he was.
Dean’s question falling on to dead ears though, Cass’s eyes were focusing on the shorter blond man approaching them. Even though he was shorter than Cass he radiated Alpha power and control. The two women in tow behind him didn’t help matters. Cass positively didn’t want his brother to say anything especially since Dean was currently so far out of it to that he couldn’t even string a coherent sentence together.
