Steve’s eyes widened. “Wow. Here I thought more people would be in the Christmas spirit.”
A heavy weight in the center of his stomach told him otherwise, but he’d been dealing with that for a long time. Steve could carry that weight along with all the rest he had. There was no getting rid of it now, anyway. It was far too late for that.
Tony stared incredulously. “What is the point of saying ‘oops’ if I’m just going to be obvious about it?”
Tony shrugged. “Fine, I guess I can give Captain America a break once in a while. Yes, it’s Wanda. And she asked if Vision could join them, so…” Tony waggled his eyebrows. “That’s a space, magic, robot, robot foursome, right?”
The worst of it was that Johnny had been thrilled,
[__]  3     < >  5     <3  5
“Thank you,” Pepper said, turning to leave. Spider-Man quickly slung down to the ground, landing next to her.
The camera was brought around to focus on the stage once again as a shouted ‘holy shit’ had everyone refocusing on the podium. The image quickly zoomed in on Steve and Tony, catching most of Cap’s back. The camera moved to the left until it began to record Tony’s soulmark.
Steve looked blankly at Sam. He debated what to say before his shoulders sagged. “We didn’t even talk.”
The silence was only interrupted by Tony’s occasional orders to F.R.I.D.A.Y., who seemed far more inclined to appear polite and respectful now that Steve was listening in. Still, it helped the work speed up immensely. In fact, Tony felt he was almost done when F.R.I.D.A.Y. interrupted with an alert.
“Like, what happens next?”
“Where are you?” Steve asked. “I’m almost done here. I’ll meet you.”
“I will murder you and make it look like an accident,” Tony threatened. “Mechanical failure.”
“Yes,” Johnny said, exhaling heavily. “I don’t really agree with his reasoning, but I can’t fault him for it, either. So we’re stuck.”
“Who? Wanda?” Tony gestured above his head. “She’s in space with Vision, Rhodey, and Carol.”
Tony laughed. “Calm down! In exchange for better protective armor, he agreed to not kill anyone for an entire year.”
The news van made a heavy thud when Cassie placed it down at the end of the street. “I would advise everyone to clear the way,” she said. “Before I have to take further action.”
“Okay, first off, I’m not going to be a jerk to your soulmate. Or not more than usual. Also? Reed was weirder than Namor, really now.” Sue made a face but Johnny ignored her. “More importantly, my soulmate’s not anyone bad. What are you even thinking?” Johnny crossed his arms, feeling an overwhelming urge to defend Peter.
“I wasn’t.”
Steve followed Tony in as a waitress called out, “Be right with you! Sit anywhere you like.” The waitress was speaking to another customer. Neither of them had turned to look their way.
Steve gathered up his courage to try to give Tony a proper kiss, but then Tony’s phone rang, interrupting whatever half-formed plans circled around in his head. He smiled at his soulmate, wanting to let Tony know it was okay. They’d talked. That was Steve’s goal. Anything else could wait for now.
They kept walking. Matt’s cane made an oddly soft noise as it scratched along the surface of the ice and occasionally fell an inch or so into the snow. Foggy began to describe the decorations they passed—a few stores with multicolored lights strung up around darkened display windows; some garland and tinsel wrapped around streetlights; large blow-up Santa Clauses holding signs proclaiming who was naughty, who was nice, and which way to the North Pole.
Steve sighed again. “Tony’s great at new designs.”
“That’s okay,” Tony called out. “We’ll workshop it!”
Although he was used to it, it was always amazing to watch a highly technological picture come to life in front of him. Steve couldn’t help but admire the amount of sheer ingenuity Tony possessed. Even among other geniuses, Tony stood out. Everyone said so. That was why Stark Industries was such a powerhouse company. It was also why Iron Man was a dangerous enemy to have. Tony knew how to use technology in ways other people hadn’t even imagined. But he did it so casually, off-handedly, that it seemed like no big deal.
“You only ever bring me Spider-Man in his suit.” Jameson slammed his fist on his desk, quite unnecessarily if you asked Peter. “That’s superhero-ing by default.”
“Of course,” Steve agreed. He squeezed Tony’s toes. “Who wouldn’t want this kind of access to Iron Man?”
“I must speak to you on behalf of the whole country. Nay, the world,” Sam continues. He leans back to reveal that he’s wearing a t-shirt with the face of the man who threw the brick on it. “Thank you, kind sir. Without you, we might never have gotten a press release that everyone actually wanted to watch.”
“We don’t,” Steve answered, stepping in immediately. That was good. Tony was about to strangle the man. “But you reported that you would be here. When you say you’re coming, we expect you to show up.”
Castle stroked his chin. “All right, Stark. Deal.”
Steve looked completely floored. “
Wanda ran a hand down her face. “Tony.”
“He’s kind of right,” Bobbi laughed. “But anyway, more importantly! Congratulations, guys!”
He wasn’t exactly sure how much longer it would be, but he knew they couldn’t have Bruce hulking out in the car. First off, there wouldn’t
Namor stretched out on the armchair he had claimed. “I agree. Can we discuss the matter at hand and not become distracted?”
understand, dude.”
Matt held up a hand. “It’s fine. I get that a lot, actually.”
“Fine.” Tony felt highly aggrieved. “I guess they can take a holiday since they found more soulmates to add to their collection.”
“Oh, it’s Victor now? We’re on first name basis with our villains?” Tony asked, looking at everyone for clarification.
“You’re welcome.” Steve grinned.
[__]  1     < >     <3
It was obvious Steve was ramping up another argument, but he was cut off by the waitress coming back with two extra milkshakes. “On the house,” she said. “You saved my grandkids four years ago. Least I can do.”
Johnny quietly laughed. “You know that’s still sort of weird, right?”
“Nonsense, Mr. America,” Foggy replied. “I take present-shopping
“I’m really sorry, Captain Rogers.” And he actually did sound apologetic, which gave Steve pause. “This is ongoing freelance work for a paper. If I don’t come through, they’ll just give the work to someone else. I’ll lose my job.”
As he’d been thinking, Steve’s hands naturally fell to rest onto Tony’s legs. He looked down the clear evidence of how close they already were. Tony was wearing a rumpled t-shirt and thin pajama pants. Steve was in a similar state. There were no barriers between them. Nothing concrete, nothing that mattered. He just had to find some way of broaching the topic. Then it came to him.
“No,” Steve interrupted, holding up a hand. “It’s true. Doesn’t matter what you meant, Buck. We all know Tony and I aren’t meant to be.”
Tony huffed out a laugh. “Thanks. I’m deciding if I should start considering a haircut.” He stroked his chin.
Everyone was quiet.
He sighed heavily. “No. This is unusual. Even for us.”
Sue shrugged. “I left Reed with Namor. They’ll be fine.”
Rhodey gestured towards Tony with a look of someone who was losing their mind. “Can I get a bit of help here? Can you talk some sense into him?”
“I’ve gotta go talk to everybody I know,” Clint said. “Later.”
Steve blushed. “Um, I had heard of that, yes.”
yeah you really should [9:09 pm]
“But awesome,” Travis interjects.
[9:31 pm] I already promised I’d try to tell him.
“The second you open that door, they’ll push cameras in here like vultures,” Pepper replied. “Just give it a minute. We’ve got reinforcements coming.”
[__]  1     < >     <3
“Sorry,” Steve said, rubbing the back of his head. “I could’ve caught him when he ran in, but didn’t want to drop the pizzas.”
“Oh! Uh, um.” Both of his hands came up to grip the sides of the camera tightly, as if to ward Steve off from grabbing it. The move confirmed what Steve had already suspected—this man had snapped some photographs of him and Tony.
“That’s Kamala Khan.”
Pepper stepped forward, placing one hand each on Steve and Tony’s shoulders. “Congratulations,” she murmured. “Do you want to make a comment or just leave?”
“Oh.” Steve blushed harder.
“I’m sorry, sir, but we don’t have any knowledge of that occurring,” Steve replied. “Even so, we’re more than happy to help in repairing your—”
The cast laughs again. Matt begins the introductory announcements before they start their campaign session for the night.
Wanda was quiet for much less time than it seemed like she was. It wasn’t a difficult question, and Tony expected her to be able to formulate her favor. But alas, it was not to be, as Tony discovered when Wanda ignored him to look between Rhodey and Carol’s smiling faces. “Would you mind if Vision came along, too?” she asked, hopeful. “As a non-human lifeform, he doesn’t think he has a soulmate. I’ve already explained to him that he’s mine, but I think he might have doubts after this new development.”
“Can’t we just get a name?” Sue asked with a small smile. “You’ve been dating this guy for two years.”
“I didn’t ask for this,” Daredevil said.
“This is different,” Tony insisted. “This is the rest of our lives we’re talking about here.”
“Probably not,” he agreed. “But I’m not the last one here.”
“Not like we didn’t already have pet names for each other.” Tony took a drink of his soda.
Steve laughed. “What? No. Come on.”
Steve took a moment to stare. He had no desire to scare him or steal the poor guy’s camera. He wasn’t actually sure what he could do with both his hands busy carrying Tony.
It wasn’t that Steve thought they needed to have an incredibly long discussion. But definitely there were a few things that needed to be said to clear the air. He needed to know how Tony felt about everything. He wanted to tell Tony his thoughts, too—that he had wanted this for a really long time, that he was so happy he couldn’t wrap his mind around it, that he was willing to work with Tony on a relationship if that’s what Tony wanted because that was definitely what Steve wanted.
“I mean, the publicity of it all is bad enough by itself,” Tony continued. “I guess that always would’ve been the case when we matched. But the videos, the matching live on camera, it’s a mess, Steve. It’s a fucking mess.”
“That was
“No, I do.” Tony uncrossed his arms and sat up straight just so he could gesture wildly to his cheek. With both hands. “Do you not see it? Did you miss it?”
Steve looked at Tony, planning on saying something, but then his eyes narrowed. His head twisted as something caught his attention. “What’s that?”
Namor recoiled. “Oh, yes, there is plenty to be ashamed of there.”
“What? Talk to Carol! She started it!”
Tony took the time to lay out the armor he had arranged for the Punisher. It had taken a bit of effort, but eventually Tony found a good prototype that he was certain would hold up under whatever punishment Castle would give it.
Sue frowned. “I’m sorry, Johnny. I’ll talk to everyone.”
, in their
“I’m aware,” Tony replied. “And I get that we haven’t been on official dates, but if you think about it, maybe we’ve been on unofficial dates?”
Natasha smirked. “I’ll give you a head start.”
“I asked you. I should pay,” Steve said.
“Sir?”
Steve put his head in his hands. “Maybe I’ll find something if I go shopping. I don’t know.”
you cant even see it [8:43 pm]
As he hopped up the steps and stood behind the podium, carefully ensuring the collected microphones were all close enough to record his voice clearly, an unusual group of onlookers caught Steve’s eye. They didn’t stand out in any particular way that he could put his finger on. They were mainly middle-aged to older men, mostly white, wearing casual clothes. But something about how they were behaving put Steve on alert. A few of them were shifting uneasily from foot to foot, some were standing stock still and staring at the team as they lined up on the stage, and a handful of others were walking back and forth between the group and the rest of the crowd—almost like they were on an assigned patrol. Steve immediately thought they must be military of some type. He had a soft spot for the armed forces, being a member himself, but the way these men were acting seemed too keyed-up for an early morning press conference.
—that nobody on the Fantastic Four would betray his secret. He could tell them right now and they would just be relieved to know. They would just welcome Peter with open arms. That was all.
Steve caught the bag and pressed his forehead against it. “Tony,” he muttered, giving the bag one last small punch to the side.
“We got it,” Tony said. “Thanks, kiddo. Don’t you have school?”
Steve nodded at Tony. “We’re heading to the Richards after this. Gonna try to figure out if they were new doombots or something else entirely.”
Steve found himself nodding dumbly. Tony was going to reject him.
“It’s none of their business,” Steve stated, firm.
Clint burst out laughing. Sam hit Steve’s arm in a congratulatory way. Bobbi and Bruce smiled widely, joy spreading between them. Pepper grinned at Steve, then immediately turned to check on Tony, as she was wont to do whenever he was put on the spot.
After a few seconds, Tony frowned slightly. “What? You don’t like it?”
Tony was silent. Steve wished he could see his face.
Matt Mercer’s face appears on the screen, wearing a quick cosplay of Tony—his hair slicked back, sharp-looking goatee, and instantly recognizable soulmark painted on his right cheek.
“This is why I prefer working alone,” Jennifer said, grabbing two bots and smashing them together. “You’re all crazy.”
Ben groaned and stood up. “Reed, didn’t you want to show Tony your projections?”
Steve felt like his mind was boggling. “What if I wasn’t there, Tony? I might not always be there!”
Tony wasn’t buying it. She was far too ready for that subject change. “That was yesterday. Your brain is muddled from space time.”
“How did you hear about that?” Tony asked, flabbergasted. He sat up straighter, leaning back against his pillows. “You weren’t even
“Nelson and Murdock,” Steve read. “Actually, I have a friend who could use your guys’ help.”
“Okay, that’s excessive,” Tony said.
Do it [9:31 pm]
“I don’t need money!” The man was getting louder. “That was my life’s work!”
“Perfect,” Matt said.
Tony slid into the car. “Pep, my darling, come on. I’m here at seven-thirty. A miracle has occurred on this day.”
Bucky glanced at the television and made an annoyed face. “Why are you watching this?”
Steve was worried. Tony’s hopeful face kept popping up in his head, seconds before a sudden portal appeared with Thanos strolling out like he wasn’t interrupting a
Tony held out his arms. “Why don’t you put those down so we can talk?”
Tony ran his fingers through his hair. “No. That’s all. Save as SuperSoulmates.”
Trying to keep himself from using his superhuman agility was tough in times like these. Peter hopped over, accidentally kicking a desk chair in his determination to not web himself into his sometimes-boss’ office.
“You won’t know for sure if you don’t try,” Carol encouraged.
[__]  1     < >     <3
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 26m
[11:18 pm] <3
“Kissing while pressing their naked chests together! If you get a bit of dick, we’ll sell out so fast I’ll be getting complaints from the printers!”
over at Johnny, who was sitting on top of the couch with his feet on the cushion and arm rest.
“You know they’re expensive. The good ones are. And he goes through them pretty quickly. It’s a good gift.” Carol raised her eyebrows challengingly.
“Then is it on his side? Doesn’t he like you?” Sue sucked in a sharp breath. “Oh, Johnny, is he not into guys?”
Pepper hung up her call and looked at Steve. “I just let the restaurant know their delivery guy gave our pizza to someone else to finish the delivery. They weren’t thrilled.”
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 17m
Peter blinked slowly. “Can I go?”
Later that night, Steve was walking by the television room when he saw Tony sitting on the couch by himself. That wasn’t unusual. Tony had a habit of keeping odd hours. Between his workshop, Stark Industries, and being on call as Iron Man nearly 24/7, Tony was only able to eke out a bit of rest between projects—usually when everyone else was asleep or winding down for the night.
obviously [8:52 pm]
“Speaking of, can we leave?” Pepper asked, nodding at Steve. “I’ve got a mountain of paperwork to get back to.”
“I love looking at the lights,” Steve commented. “They’re always so magical.”
Castle holstered his guns. “I don’t want anything from you.”
“I am! Of course I am.”
“I know you’re the artist,” Tony said, shaking his head. “But the verbal order of the colors is very relevant in this specific case.”
A blush ran over Matt’s nose, lightly dusting his cheeks. “How about before the kiss?”
They got out of the car one by one, traipsing up the stairs and inside as they usually did. Tony got out before Steve, but instead of waiting outside, he took the steps two at a time with his head tilted towards his phone. Steve sighed. He followed Tony’s lead, heading directly to the front door, blocking his view of the press—and their view of him, which he supposed was the goal here.
Before he could really get a good wallow going, a neon pink circle of magical energy burst into existence right next to Rhodey and Carol. Wanda’s voice came through. “Tony, I need a favor.”
Steve walked over, slowly guiding Matt as he approached Foggy. “Hi, you must be Matt’s partner.”
“No,” Tony said, holding up a finger. “It’s red, white, and blue.”
The camera turned, blurry for a moment, before it focused on Sam and Bobbi grappling the man.
He could potentially trigger a series of reactions that acting like flipped switches—each one activating one at a time, building up the power incrementally before releasing it as a coil. One major beam that first shot out but was surrounded by infinitesimal additional beams that acted as both additional firepower and a barrier to ensure the energy didn’t leak out and cause damage. That was an idea. It could work, but he’d have to test it on a much smaller scale first because the redesign required to implement that kind of change on his gauntlets would take a substantial amount of time. Besides, his suit would be out of commission for the few days that the upgrade would require. He’d need to make sure one of his standby suits was good to go and possibly ready for long-term use if it ended up the redesigned energy beam didn’t pan out.
Steve slid out of the booth and stood up, back ramrod straight. He saluted the veteran with sharp, formal precision.
A heavy silence descended. Steve glared at the floor. “He shouldn’t have said that.”
like that.”
@niconoir SHCFHZSIGDHJWQNK
“The man assaulted you!”
Jameson scoffed. “Fine. But don’t come back without photos of Rogers and Stark!”
“Shit,” Tony muttered and took off, going into protection mode. “F.R.I.D.A.Y., alert the police. Let’s get this guy arrested rather than dead, yeah?”
Johnny sighed. “Okay. Go get your porn, Pete. I’ll see you later.”
Steve knew how important keeping the suits in good working order was. He wouldn’t take it personally.
Wanda pushed forward a little, her face inching closer on the screen. “You guys made international news! It was quite the video.”
“Ain’t that the truth. The Stark Industries poster boy.” Ben suddenly sounded more enthused. “That reminds me! Thanks again for the phone. It’s great. I can actually text now.” He waved his cell phone at Tony—a huge monstrosity that seemed to be reinforced with extra metal and a much thicker screen.
Jennifer sighed heavily. “You got immediate good press with your soulmark. But there are a lot of people looking to see how you handle this lawsuit. You know how big a deal property damage and insurance issues are to both civilians and superheroes. It’s an ongoing problem, and this is the first time someone’s really trying to get back at a hero. A big-name Avenger, at that. What you do matters.”
“At this hour?” Steve asked, raising an eyebrow.
story.”
Natasha shrugged. “I think you’re being an idiot, but fine. Have fun shopping.”
[__]  2     < >     <3
“Just ask him if he wants to kiss you,” Wanda repeated. “It’s an easy question. You don’t even have to talk all that much.”
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 7m
“Colorful!” Pepper shouted, smiling at Tony and Steve. “Very bright.”
YOU COMPLETE DUMBASS [9:21 pm]
Tony bounced a bit faster. “You’re getting close.” He waited about two seconds before saying, “Forget it, I can’t wait anymore, you lose. Wanda teleported over—”
“You’re very well put-together,” Steve explained. “And I need someone to help with picking out a gift. A really nice, expensive gift.”
“You should,” Tony replied. “I definitely have never appreciated you a day in my life.”
if he kissed you?” Carol sounded exasperated beyond measure.
“Excellent. Have a good night, gentlemen.” Jennifer hung up, her picture disappearing into tiny particles that evaporated away.
“Listen, whatever it is, if you’d just tell us, we could help. That’s what family’s for.” She looked down, pressing her hand to her head. “We wouldn’t blame you or think less of you. You have to know that.”
Tony removed his helmet when Sue stepped back. “He’s right, but you guys already knew that.”
Pietro raised a challenging eyebrow at him. “Hanukkah is already over. If we wanted a party, we would have done it then.”
Natasha sighed. “I think you guys waste time gossiping when you
[__]     < >  5     <3  5
“Hell no,” Tony replied.
Dum-E came up behind Wanda and tried to grasp her cape, but his arm went directly into the magic portal. He let out a few panicked beeps and removed his hand, rolling around the circumference of the portal to try and pull at Wanda’s cape from the side. Wanda, not expecting the sudden tug, began to stumble backwards. Tony had no worries because she was a powerful magician who could float if she needed to.
That seemed likely. “What I
One thing in particular was on Tony’s mind, now that the speedster was in front of him. “Where were you? You were gone for most of the battle. F.R.I.D.A.Y. didn’t even read you in the city until the end.”
“He is,” everyone else said. At the same time. Without hesitation.
soulmate match of Iron Man and Captain America.”
As the reporters laughed some more, a few shaking their heads at Tony’s predictable antics, one of the men from the group in the back stepped forward. “You’re laughing,” he said, loudly enough to be noticed. “You’re laughing but my business is destroyed!”
He swallowed, thinking of what to say. Tony was a gorgeous man. He always had been, ever since they’d first met. The mark didn’t in any way diminish that, in Steve’s opinion. Nor did it strengthen it. Tony was just as he’d always been. Yes, Steve felt a deep-seated sense of satisfaction at having his mark on the man he loved. But did that mean anything in regards to how attractive Tony was? Not really. Steve ended up deciding to go with the truth, as usual.
[__]  1     < >     <3  1
“I can’t tell if he’s blushing or if it’s just the red getting brighter,” Clint interrupted. “Seriously. It’s hard to tell.”
“Great,” Tony muttered. “So what are you saying?”
The waitress nodded and walked away, heading behind the bar. Tony watched her go and then looked at his menu, considering. “
“What do you mean, inappropriate?” Johnny asked.
7: Soulmarks did not create romantic interest where there had been none before.
“I hope that’s okay.”
“Interesting,” Clint said. “Just you two, huh?”
“Can’t argue that.”
“Oh, what?” Cassie’s voice caused him to look back, quickly spotting a news helicopter circling around her head. “Come on, you all started it.”
To his credit, the guy only looked surprised for half a second before resignation settled on his features. “Sorry. Can’t do that.”
“Yeah. And?”
Carol smiled at Wanda. “Another victim of Tony’s workshop.”
“He was just protesting. What, are we not allowing dissenting opinions now?” Tony rolled his eyes.
me, but I only
Steve nodded. It was okay if Tony didn’t want to talk yet. Steve was doing everything he could to let his soulmate know his feelings. He wasn’t great at talking out his emotions. Everyone joked that he was a man of action, and that was true. If he needed to make an impassioned speech to rally people for a cause, he was pretty much good to go whenever. But this was different.
Tony shot Steve a look. It was one Steve knew all too well. A mixture of ‘am I supposed to take this seriously’ and ‘I have to respond responsibly, help me do that’.
Steve looked through the window and saw Cassie bend over, carefully picking up a news van with both hands. The reporter inside was gesticulating wildly as the woman holding the camera aimed it at Cassie.
Vision held up his hand, as if asking to speak. “We were involved in a political gathering at the time of the video. Then we went into a rest cycle before checking on news from Earth.”
Tony reached over and wrapped his hands around Steve’s face. “I love you, too,” he murmured. “And I really have to kiss you. Like. Right now.”
No excuses [9:31 pm]
“Five twenty-two a.m.,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. responded.
Tony looked away, feeling like an intruder in his own workshop.
Tony briefly glanced at Steve’s hand on his sleeve. “Thanks,” he said, smiling slightly. “I can always count on you, winghead.”
“I’ll get Reed,” Sue stated.
“You can be family without a mark telling you to,” Carol stated.
4: Steve kissed his armor’s faceplate.
Tony winced. “It’s complicated.”
“On youtube. Or any other channel in existence because it was all anybody was playing for the whole day. I’m actually surprised to be taping right now, I was pretty sure they were going to cancel my show tonight so they could replay Cap and Tony giving the ol’ hand-to-hand coloring for the three hundred and eighty-fifth time.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “He’s no fun at parties, either, trust me.”
“Can you take photos of superheroes when they’re not superhero-ing,” Jameson stated, pretending like his criticism was actually a question.
Tony sighed, pushing his phone back into his pocket with too much force. “Come on, Cap. Haven’t you ever read the Entertainment section of the paper? If something happens to us, it’s news. That’s just how it is.”
“Hey, Tony, Cap,” Ben said, nodding at both of them. “Congrats on your marks.”
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 1m
“I don’t think I ever said I wasn’t?”
“I’d better get going.” The guy held up his camera. “Gotta get this to the printers.”
“Tony! No!” Steve laughed despite himself. “I’m not taking anyone’s side. It was a joke. Everybody knows you’re great at expressing yourself.”
Avengers Tower was close enough now that Tony slowed down further, heading for the landing pad. Sam and Pepper were already there, helmets off and affectionately arguing with each other in the way that old friends always could.
Super Strong Super Smart @mollylolly * 28m
The computer monitors were slightly too bright in the otherwise dark room. Johnny had gotten the short straw in keeping an eye on the program running while Reed got some sleep—thanks to Sue and Namor dragging him to bed. So now he was stuck, slowly spinning in a wheely chair while making sure the screens didn’t do anything ‘abnormal’. Whatever that meant.
Tony frowned at her. “Yes. Which you already know?”
The snow crunched under their feet, the thin layer of ice immediately cracking as Matt’s sure footsteps blazed a trail. Foggy hung on to Matt’s elbow, one mittened hand gripping for dear life while his other flung out for extra balance.
The city was always in motion. A constant state of hustle and bustle that seemed to never tire, even when Steve really needed it to. He pulled his winter jacket closed, hurrying along with the flow of foot traffic. As he passed each store, one by one he inspected their displays and found them lacking. It was difficult to even imagine what kind of gift would say ‘happy holidays, happy new year, sorry I didn’t reply to your love confession, also I would like to reply now, and that would be a yes from me’.
“I thought the reason was that we’re crazy?”
“Is this a surprise to you?! How are the other Avengers going to react?!”
“Hey, Bucky,” Carol said. “I absolutely have to talk to you right now about something super important.”
patriotic.
“Fucking Doom,” Clint muttered. “This has his signature all over it.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “
“Yeah. To check on you.” She walked over and leaned against one of the consoles.
“You got me people’s
“Nanotech?” Reed asked, squinting at Tony’s body like it was going to answer him.
10: He and Steve had enough history between them to fill an encyclopedia.
The man was young—early twenties, maybe. He had tousled brown hair that reminded Steve of some of the men he’d served with. The guy was skinny, wearing clothes that were a bit too baggy on him, which only served to draw Steve’s attention to the huge camera hanging around his neck.
Tony sighed as Sam swooped down and destroyed the last of them. “Finally,” he said into the team comms. “That was the end.”
“Yeah, Tommy, in particular, is not too happy about it,” Cassie stated. “He’s kinda pissed that Wanda just went to space without talking to them first.”
“I think our intrepid leader was correct about getting off comms. Farewell, comrades.” Tony clicked off his main communicator, switching over to the private channel with Steve. “You there, winghead?”
Tony’s mouth dropped open.
today,” Rhodey said before he and Carol stepped back, giving Wanda a bit of space. “I hope you don’t mind fast movers because Carol gets real handsy real quick.”
“Negative, mon capitan,” Tony replied. “I’m heading back up to double-check the skies and pick off any remainders.”
“I know you too well to let that slide. What’s going on?” Bucky turned to face Steve, throwing his arm over the back of the couch cushion and crossing his legs.
Steve felt a pang in his heart, but he pushed through it. “I completely understand. That’s why I’m not pushing.”
Steve bit his lower lip for a second. “We can’t do anything about it now. Why don’t we relax until the morning?”
to share? Well, we’re here. We’re listening. And we’ll take our first call after this quick break.”
Reed nodded. “I took a look at them last night, and then again this morning.”
Matt’s breath stopped.
“I have an American flag,” Tony stated, extremely calmly considering the circumstances. “On my face.”
“I said no, F.R.I.D.A.Y.”
“Even though we didn’t find any evidence, we still believe the most likely culprit is Doom,” Steve explained. “So I’m going to schedule a visit with the Richards to determine if he’s planning anything.”
“Sure, sure, your supervillain dad,” Tony nodded, agreeing.
A ten second clip plays of a flyover right outside of Avengers Tower, showing a large group of people carrying signs with slogans such as ‘Steve & Tony <3’, ‘We LOVE our SUPERHEROES’, ‘My heroes are LGBT!’, and ‘#SuperSoulmates’. One person holds up a print out of Tony’s face with an American flag pattern on his right cheek.
[__]     < >     <3
Sue shook her head. “No, stop apologizing. Just. What’s going on? I thought you liked Spidey?”
“I’d prefer it if you kept this quiet for a little while,” Steve said. “I haven’t really spoken to him yet, so I’d like to have some time.”
“Where was that attitude this morning when I made pancakes?” Steve teased.
Steve laughed as Bucky shook him around. “Is this payback for when you matched with Nat?”
A short silence fell over the two of them. Steve didn’t find it uncomfortable, despite his foolish disappointment at Tony’s wording. Rather, he liked being in Tony’s periphery. Just being near the other man made Steve feel warm. Like he was home.
Well. There was always tomorrow.
“Steve.” Tony smiled at him, eyes twinkling. He was slightly exasperated but still fond. Always fond. “It’s a living room.”
Tony glided easily through it, looping around once because he was a hopeless show-off, and then casually landed in front of the threesome. “Afternoon,” he said as he let Steve go.
“Okay. That’s fair.” Tony pointed down the hall over Steve’s shoulder. “I’m going to go spoil this news to everybody I can find. See you later?”
Clint frowned. “What? They want Steve and Tony. I’ll get rid of them.”
Steve wasn’t stupid. He knew Tony would have some things to say about his soulmark. Steve had taken his lumps for decades. He was ready for it. Tony was a reasonable man. He dealt with math, science, logic, facts. Steve was sure he would understand the nature of their situation. Maybe it was a matter of them needing time to adjust to their new life together.
Bobbi sighed, got up, grabbed two boxes of pizza, and moved them to the table in front of Clint. “There. Stop bothering people.”
Cassie gave Tony a suspicious look. “Are you trying to get rid of me?”
Steve sighed. “How many old jokes must I put up with?”
Tony pointed at Steve. “You’re being calm about this.” He took another drink. “
“I should get Steve the Punisher as a gift!”
“Or because of it?” Carol asked, teasing him.
The guy looked skeptical.
He was at a loss, truly. He hadn’t thought pictures of his face would be going for that much, given that the press conference had made images readily available. Was this going to be a problem moving forward? Maybe he’d have to provide images to the press, just to control the story.
[9:41 pm] I’ll try.
Steve took the gift, unwrapped it, and opened the box that also contained a key. He looked at Tony, confused.
Pepper leaned forward and spoke clearly into the microphones. “Thank you all so much for attending. We ask that you respect the privacy of Captain Rogers and Mister Stark as they venture into this exciting new period of their lives.”
She held up a finger, not looking at him. “No. As we have discussed at length, it was your choice to do those loops and whatever that twirly thing in front of those kids was.”
“What seems to be the problem?” Tony asked, looking at each of the five until someone cracked.
Tony turned on his heel and strode away, heading for the training room. “Yet,” he called out over his shoulder. “I’m not a robot
“I’ll grab a few more, then,” Daredevil said before running off into the nearest alley.
,” Bucky hissed, making a slashing motion with his hand across his neck. “We talked about this.”
you done?” Rhodey questioned as he became increasingly annoyed.
“He knows what you meant,” Sam said.
“Congratulations on your soulmarks, boys,” the waitress said. She was in her forties—probably too young to be calling them boys, but Steve shot her a smile anyway. He could appreciate an attempt at polite conversation. She handed them each a menu. “Got any questions?”
He groaned loudly. “Why don’t you listen? Is this a coup?”
“This is why I don’t team up with you all.”
“Stature could have really hurt somebody! Shouldn’t she have handled it a different way?”
Sam nodded in approval. “Now
,” Steve explained. “Tony, that’s—that’s
Tony turned to leave, wanting to double-check he had all the available recordings from the previous day’s fight before they headed to their meeting. He nodded at Bucky and Natasha as a short greeting. No need to be rude.
Tony licked his lips nervously. “I always dreamed about meeting my soulmate, about getting my soulmark. But, Steve, I never thought it’d be like this.”
Maybe he’d retell the story, anyway. There had to be something exciting hearing it from the person who lived through it, right?
[Alex is AFK] @thewildest * 43s
It was safe to say the Avengers Holiday Party was well underway.
“Steve, Tony! A comment, please!”
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 10m
Tony nodded. “Yep! It took quite a bit of wheeling and dealing, but in the end he was no match for my dazzling wit.”
TONIGHT STEVEN [9:34 pm]
Sam shook his head. “Seems low for this crowd.”
but it means more if its from you [8:56 pm]
“I’m going in,” Tony said. “Get ready.”
How did Steve feel about it? Not just marking Tony’s face, but about being soulmates? Tony had been flirting with Steve for years, and the man never made any move towards him. He’d called Tony beautiful, which was… nice, but that had only happened after the marks appeared. Was he interested in Tony now? And, if he was, was it only because Steve now knew that Tony was his soulmate?
@niconoir THEIR FACES
“But it
“We’ve never had this kind of trouble before,” Steve muttered, watching as the news put up a caption reading ‘Secret Gay Affair?’ over a picture of Tony and him from four years ago. “It’s like everything’s turned into a tabloid.”
“Our calendar,” Steve repeated.
“Wanda?” Steve gasped, shocked.
Tony blinked slowly. “I—”
Matt pulled away from Foggy, briefly running his hand down Foggy’s arm. “I’m sure you have an opinion,” he murmured.
“Well, that’s different,” Bucky said. He gave Natasha a fond smile. “Nat and I were made for each other.”
He always knew he wasn’t really wanted for anything—not art school, not the army, not his soulmate.
Carol snorted. “I’ll take that as a no?”
Bobbi snapped her fingers and pointed at him. “Good idea, webs.”
Sue shrugged. “I don’t know, Johnny. Is he in jail? Did he commit a felony?”
Tony smirked at Rhodey. “Seems like you have your own problems to sort out, dear.”
Tony’s smile nearly broke his face. “I’m so glad to hear it.” He cleared his throat. “I hope you’ll find this can be a long-term change, even after the year’s over.”
Peter clucked his tongue. “Oh, shit, I forgot about the camera guy from this morning.” At Johnny’s questioning noise, he explained, “A pap disguised as a pizza guy got into their kitchen before the meeting at your place.”
Steve considered for a moment the compliment and who it was coming from.
Tony loved it.
, just in case the laws of soulmarks had suddenly, inexplicably changed. And a soulmark appeared in a different location than where they had touched… for the hundredth time. It sounded like a stretch, even to a man who’d been frozen solid and come back healthy and alive. Still, it wouldn’t have been the first time rules didn’t apply to Tony. But no.
“A few doctorates, actually,” Tony defended himself.
her? Excuse me? One, she’s an adult who can do whatever she wants to, and two, in case you haven’t noticed, I’ve got my own problems to deal with.”
@ChaseChaseChase How coud theyalready know??? dont be dumb Theyd already hav said something!!!!!!!
“Maybe it should be.”
twitchy bitchy witchy @niconoir * 2m
The rest of the team followed him. They were used to this by now. There was a certain kind of method to dealing with press conferences. It was structured in a specific way that allowed everyone the static comfort of knowing exactly where they were supposed to go and what they were supposed to do. Steve didn’t particularly care for the monotony, but he appreciated the streamlined process regardless.
“Full-body spandex,” Steve said, shaking his head. “The enemy of superhero soulmates everywhere.”
Tony waited. “And?”
Tracking the team was second nature in battle. The suit had been designed to be unstoppable regardless of circumstance, and part of that was Tony not having to hesitate. Each of his strikes could be perfectly aimed due to knowing exactly where his teammates were. Unfortunately, the same couldn’t be said of New York City’s citizens. So while his suit helpfully informed him that Sam was two blocks to his right above a skyscraper and She-Hulk was five buildings to his left running alongside an unidentified bot, Tony still didn’t have a good sense of exactly how many people were in danger.
“That ship has sailed,” Clint stated. “Like, all the way out the harbor and taking tourists around the Mediterranean. That’s how far away that idea is right now.” He shrugged like he was just speaking the truth.
“Ducked.”
Carol smirked. “But you
Tony laughed despite himself. “All right, fine. I’ll try to check on them.” Not that it was easy.
Whatever happened, Steve was positive they simply needed to talk. Sam and Bucky both said so. They were a lot better at handling relationships than he was. That was it. No more waiting. At least starting the conversation would be better than letting it wait. And it’d only been a few hours since this morning. It felt interminable. Steve thought he might actually explode if he waited any longer.
Sam lowered his voice and gave a thick accent in a fairly decent impression. “I am Doctor Doom. I hail from Doomstadt in Doom Country. Here are my doombots. My goal is…” He paused dramatically. “World peace.”
“You love your face.” Steve laughed, not exactly humorously. “Hell,
“Yeah, yeah, that’s right! Soulmates! We always applaud for soulmates.”
“Thanks, Reed.” Steve looked at Tony. “Is that everything?”
“I have him pegged for going after bigger fish than petty theft,” Tony commented. “But can’t let the guy run around killing people, either way. Steve would be
“Stark.”
@niconoir @majesticdean i’ve got a feeling they all already knew #supersoulmates
A short buzz indicated the lock on his door released. Then the door hissed as it opened, allowing Tony to hear the elevator ding just down the hall.
Some people find these a total waste of time, but how can you meet somebody if you don’t get out there and try? Millions of people are looking for their soulmates, just like you!
[__]  1     < >     <3  1
Steve and Tony exchanged a surprised look. There was nobody else in the Tower right now. There were a few other heroes in town, but most of them were busy.
“After that kiss? No way,” Foggy stated.
“That was last week,” the blind man stated. “And Thanos attacked, which ruined most people’s plans.”
“Who’s the second robot, Rhodey?”
Sam cleared his throat. “You okay, man?”
He was getting too distracted. That wasn’t unusual, but today was different. Normally Tony just had to deal with thinking about other modifications and upgrades he wanted to work on. Most of the time, his hands moved on their own while his mind focused on other tasks. He’d even gone on conference calls while holding onto tools, fine-tuning multiple projects at once.
Tony suddenly interrupted, “That reminds me, I spoke to Cassie. She says she’ll try to get Billy and Tommy to call.”
Tony snorted. “My research proved that it was always first skin to skin contact. Unless you’re talking about me falling onto his dick or something.”
Tony’s shoulders slumped. “I haven’t been notified yet. Nothing’s been served.”
Steve leaned forward and took a second to catch Bruce’s eyes. “Just hold out a little longer,” he said, confidently. “You’ll feel better when we get inside.”
“You’d know.”
“When will Steve and Tony make a statement?”
Steve turned on his heel and headed out. “I’ve made my point.”
“Now I’m intrigued.”
“Tony, it’s covering your face!” One reporter’s voice got louder as they walked off. “How do you feel about that?!”
“Who, me?” Carol snorted. “I’m powerful, but I’m not
Tony’s phone rang. He looked down at it and quickly began walking away. “It’s the board. I’ve gotta take this. Thanks, Cass, you’re the best.” Tony walked up to the elevator, put his phone to his ear, and took a deep breath right before he pressed answer. “Thanks, it’s very exciting,” he said in an upbeat voice as he waited for the elevator doors to open. “No, I don’t think it’ll have a large impact on the stocks. At least, not a negative one. I mean, he’s Captain America, so the racists might leave, but do we really care—” The elevator doors opened, allowing Tony to walk inside. “Well, it’s pretty moronic to be homophobic about soulmatches, wouldn’t you say? If you recall, the findings from my research show that—” He stopped short, looking irritated. “How could this impact Sunday’s investor gala?” Running a hand down over his face, Tony quickly blew out a shallow breath. “Yes, I realize I’m the face of the company, but that doesn’t mean my actual face—” The elevator doors closed, cutting Tony off.
“That’s bizarre.” Bruce sighed. “Closing in on a cluster of them.”
Bobbi laughed. “What, you can’t talk to your friends anymore?”
Johnny groaned. “Ugh, that reminds me.” He sounded annoyed. “I had to head the fam off again today.”
“Hey, listen, we’ve got a great show for you tonight. Alison Blaire’s here with her new album, Ex-X! Stick around!”
“Then we had the shock-inducing, pearl-clutching reveal of Reed Richards and Sue Storm, the public faces of the Fantastic Four who had been both soulmates and married for several years when they each received a
Steve pat his shoulder and grinned at him. “Come on, Falcon. Let’s leave these two to their brilliant plans.”
“I’ll give Tony access to the program so he can monitor it remotely,” Reed replied.
“Tony, Dr. Richard’s program has detected a new attack in progress.”
Sue stared at him.
Carol scrunched her face up. “How sure are you? Scale of one to you forgot your coffee was in your hand that one time?”
Steve blinked. “Triple?”
[__]  1     < >     <3
fast.
@majesticdean its awesome. theyre so surprised. and like nobody else on the team seems actually shocked #supersoulmates
There was a brief pause during which Tony pondered just how many times he’d had a cup of coffee out of that pot. Then, Clint replaced the pot and headed out of the room, grabbing Bobbi’s elbow and dragging her along as she rolled her eyes at his antics. “Caw caw, motherfuckers,” he said as he left.
“That was a funny comment.” Steve idly tapped his fingers on Tony’s shin, through his pajama pants.
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 21m
Tony took a moment to gather his thoughts. Steve was most likely being honest. The man was truthful to a fault. And always so earnest about it, too.
“Johnny!” Sue reprimanded.
[__]  1     < >  4     <3  4
“I believe you. But I didn’t know. And now I’ve got to rework our relationship, which is fine,” Tony quickly added. “But part of that is this,” he said as he gestured to his soulmark, “and it hasn’t even been a whole day yet. I have no idea what I think about it besides, you know. Not really liking it.”
“I’ll get you some coffee on my run,” Steve offered.
Bucky looked back down, grimaced, and waved his hand in a negating gesture. “Yeah, Sam told me. But you know he didn’t mean it like that. Face soulmarks are rare. I’m sure he was just thinking about it being, you know. On his face.”
On top of all that, there is an implicit consideration that superheroes are somehow the best of us. Perhaps due to how often they save 7/?
“You’ll like it, I swear!”
In another ten minutes, F.R.I.D.A.Y. assured Tony that all scans of the city were clear of the robots. Tony began collecting the remains—both totally destroyed and only minimally so—and throwing them in the back of a truck he’d set up for this reason. Steve, Spider-Man, and Daredevil all brought in their bots, making snarky comments along the way that Tony only half paid any attention to.
“I’m still in space.” Rhodey looked deeply unimpressed. “Don’t dodge the question. I have my ways, Tone.”
“You got it.” She took both menus away and headed to the soda fountain machine, preparing their drinks.
“That’s what the kids say,” Sue replied with a shrug.
“Visibility is terrible,” Steve commented.
alarms. Sue looked behind her towards the computers at the same time Johnny walked forward, investigating the noise.
Well, maybe not
It was always nice talking to his best friends. This time was a bit different, of course, because of the news about him and Steve. They were obviously trying to help by giving the best advice they could. Tony appreciated that, kind of. He knew they meant well. But how was he supposed to explain to them that he had no idea how to talk to Steve about this? They’d matched this morning and it already felt like he’d waited too long.
Steve felt a deep sense of contentment settle into his bones. “Yeah. I would.”
His mind was turning that thought over—on how people fit, on whether it made sense to force it, on how people might fit in some ways but not in others—when he bumped into Tony in the hall. Literally. Steve turned a corner and smacked right into Tony.
“Yeah. Does anything stand out to you? What you’d want to see?”
An odd tingling sensation began to burn on his left palm. Immediately concerned, Steve pulled back a little, ignoring the startled cries from the reporters and his teammates. “Are you okay?” he asked, pulling his hand away from Tony’s face to check for injuries.
“I’m sure he is,” Sue answered.
four hours, something else more interesting would catch people’s attention. He just had to be patient a little longer.
Sue walked forward and wrapped one arm around Steve and the other around Tony, giving them a mutual hug. “Congratulations,” she enthused. “We were so happy when we heard.”
Steve smiled at Tony, slightly confused but willing to be upfront. “Yep.”
“I wouldn’t mind one.” Spider-Man swung by, webbing up a few of the bots and hanging them from the corner of a dollar store. He somersaulted over to hang diagonally off the edge of a wall near Tony. “I can only hear what people near me are saying. It makes me feel out of the loop.”
Tony quickly ate his second slice, reminded of the danger of leaving his food unattended among these people. He looked at Steve, swallowing before asking, “We’re leaving after this? Doombots?”
Bucky grabbed the remote control and turned the TV from cable to Netflix. “Guess what? Your love life isn’t on every channel, idiot.” He turned on a movie, settling back into the corner of the couch.
Steve looked surprised. “Really?”
“What? As an artist, he has a great understanding of complimentary colors.” Tony gestured to the hanging icicles. “I think the blue and white really pops.”
Clint snorted. “They’re gonna fly.”
“You can’t go wrong with a classic,” Steve said as he handed the waitress their menus.
11: They matched in a public way that meant everyone would assume they were romantically involved for the rest of their lives.
Ororo held up her hands, her eyes lighting up in white as clouds began to gather above them. In a few seconds, snow began to fall, lightly coating the grounds around Avenger Tower.
Clint got out of the car first, nearly falling over in his haste to escape. He was never really one for any kind of confinement. Bruce got out next, followed by Pepper and Bobbi. Sam left with a big grin on his face. The man loved making an entrance, and he was absolutely thrilled to be the center of attention. Steve looked at Tony and gestured for him to pass.
Tony cleared his throat. “He kissed the faceplate of my armor. While I was wearing it.” He threw a hand up. “Was that a kiss for me? For my armor? Should I have let the two of them have their moment? Was I the third wheel?”
“What?” Steve paused. “That it’s an amazing gift? Yes. It’s incredible. If we can get Frank Castle to agree to stop killing people, imagine what else we can do.”
“I spotted two new groups. Should be a minute or two.”
“What? No!” Peter stopped mid-shout. “Actually, yes, that’s what he asked for. But not my dick! Other people’s dicks!” A woman passing by gave Peter a disgusted look and grabbed her handbag closer to her body as she hurried on down the street. “Sorry!” he called out, waving one hand to her. “My boss asked me for dicks, not my fault!”
By the time they were closing in to land, Steve began to feel lighter. Some of the metaphorical weight had been lifted off his shoulders. He had accomplished a goal: communicating his romantic intentions to Tony. This would definitely help him focus on the potential doombot problem during the meeting.
Tony waved a hand. “Just a quick suit meant for fast travel and clothing changes. Nanites made the most sense.”
Steve held the door open for Tony, gesturing in as the little bell trinkled, alerting the staff to an incoming customer. “After you, shellhead.”
The man who threw the brick began to turn and run, along with some of his friends. Sam ran forward, vaulting over the podium as he shouted, “Oh no, you don’t!” Bobbi ran right after him, both of them sprinting. Sam caught the man in only a handful of seconds. He grabbed the man’s wrists and brought them behind his back. Bobbi crossed her arms, happy to provide disapproving stares and an intimidating presence.
“Like,
Steve walked away, confident as he always was when on a specific mission. Meanwhile, Foggy and Matt took a moment to consider the enormity of what they were just told.
Another knock on the door—this time, with more fervor. “Captain America! Your country wants to know how you feel!”
Steve waited a moment before holding up his hand to Jennifer. “Are you sure this is the law firm for us? Tony and I trust your judgment, of course, but if this case is going to have such a huge impact on the superhero community, wouldn’t it be wise to hire a more experienced team?”
Steve smiled at her, trying to put everyone at ease. “The amount of drama in the Avengers could fuel a soap opera.”
“Buy syrup,” Tony instantly answered. “Obviously.”
It was always more peaceful in his workshop than anywhere else in the Tower. If asked, Tony wasn’t sure he could give an exact reason for it. Maybe it was the clarity of thought he had when working on a project. Maybe it was the quiet, steady humming of his machines constantly working, constantly improving.
Tony snorted. “You heard it from our esteemed leader.”
“Let me rephrase.” Tony’s amusement came through clearly even in his digitized voice. “You want to spend the night together?”
.” Tony smirked, overly pleased with his comment.
“Ah ha! I knew it!” Tony slapped his gauntleted hands together, creating a metallic ringing sound. “I’ll tell you what. You agree to not kill anyone for the next year, just to try it out, and I’ll outfit you with better armor than you’ve ever had in your
Steve watched as Cassie quickly began to shrink down, dropping to her usual height and then even farther until she was too small for him to see. The helicopter circled once more then began to hover just outside of the Tower. The car pulled up right in front of the main double doors. It gave the media a clear view of them, but Steve didn’t see a way around that.
“Right?”
Foggy leaned in to Matt before he took a step back, running his fingers across his lips before smiling brightly. “You know me, Murdock. Of course I have opinions on designer watches I can’t afford!”
Reed nodded, slowly returning his neck to its’ normal size. “Turns out there are several commonalities among Doom’s attacks that match with this one, but there’s one major difference.”
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 4m
@ChaseChaseChase But thank you for your allyship.
Were they going to start dating? What would that even look like? They already went out to eat together. They saw movies, took walks in the park, and went on picnics. They played games—sports, board, card, and sometimes whatever one of them made up on the spot. They spent late nights watching TV and took other nights off to go out on the town. They relaxed on their off-time together, too, by simply sitting down and talking about what was going on. What else was there to do that they weren’t already doing? Besides the… handsy stuff.
Cassie took a step forward, rattling all the cars when her foot connected with the street. “I’m going to ask one more time before I have to take action to clear the area. Please drive away so the Avengers can enter the gate.”
“A handshake would’ve solved this,” Steve continued, shaking his head. “A simple, normal, average, hello, nice-to-meet-you kind of handshake.”
“You guys don’t get it,” Tony said. “We’ve already touched. Loads of times. And no soulmarks.”
“It didn’t.”
The man laughed nervously. “I get that a lot. Have a good night!”
“Because I didn’t have one,” Steve admitted.
“Thank God,” Steve replied, alarmed. “This was very generous of you, Shellhead. Thank you.”
“Patriotic,” Bruce offered.
Rhodey and Wanda exchanged a quick look. “You haven’t spoken to him about it?” he asked, confused.
[__]  1     < >     <3
Bucky made an affirmative noise. “I thought there was no chance I’d find mine. After I woke up, I mean.” He nodded to Steve. “You know. We might’ve left them behind a few decades ago. Who’s to say?”
“I sure am.”
Well. Maybe there was a little need to be rude. “Don’t worry, you’ve still got the other half of my face to admire.” Tony smiled sarcastically.
“Well, yeah. I didn’t think you were going to kick me out,” Steve tried to joke—but it was apparent he was being serious. “Would you?”
They turned to leave when Ben slapped Tony on the back, causing him to lose his balance and jerk forward a little. “I like your mark,” he said, nodding with conviction. “There’s nothing wrong with having a strong, memorable face.”
good.
Tony threw his screwdriver on the floor. He needed a break.
“Are you sure?” Steve asked, more hesitant now that it was apparent he had made a really large, very incorrect assumption. “I don’t want to impose.”
“Yes, sir.” Spider-Man saluted as he spun backwards and swung away.
[__]     < >     <3
“I’m sure you would’ve. But we had the whole situation with the reporters, then Tony got that call from his board.” Sam raised a hand in a what-can-you-do gesture. “Come on, Steve. You know Tony wants to talk. He always wants to talk to you.”
“I know you have contact with my sister,” Pietro continued. “My personal business is irrelevant. Give me access to speak with her.”
“Only if you want to, of course,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. stated primly.
“I said I am, Cap. Besides, we’ve got incoming.”
Steve straightened up. “Of course. What’s up?”
“Okay, thanks for your help,” Steve said, elbowing Tony. “We’ll try them out.”
“Maybe he should stay there.” Steve smiled slightly at Sue. “I mean, we don’t want him here. They can keep him.”
The doors opened and let them both out on the main floor, where they made their way to the kitchen with Tony still laughing and Spider-Man attempting to defend his idea. The tower had a dining room, but it went mostly unused. The Avengers were a mobile bunch of people, always running off to do some absolutely vital thing, so they typically grabbed something quick to eat. A few people cooked—some made enough for everyone, some only for themselves—and once in a while everyone sat around the island in the middle of the kitchen and had a meal.
when he’d matched with Spider-Man. He’d been in love with the other hero for a while before that, but hadn’t been able to find a casual way to suggest they try touching. He had a speech prepared about how, even if they weren’t soulmates, Johnny was still interested and maybe they could give it a go anyway? There were so many people who never found their soulmates or simply didn’t have a match. Why wait if they couldn’t be sure they’d ever find a soulmate?
Sue rolled her eyes. “You’d think he’d be busy enjoying his first night with Steve as soulmates.”
he doesn’t [8:55 pm]
Tony stared at her. “Okay. So why don’t you take the case, if you don’t want my legal team to do it?”
“Thanks. Could we have a minute?” Steve asked.
Pepper turned a little more serious, but still seemed chipper. “Unfortunately, an unexpected traffic jam in front of the gate prevented us from returning home.”
They each leaned against the railing on the balcony—Tony with his back to the rail, staring up at the sky, and Steve with his forearms crossed on the rail, looking out at the city.
“I thought you went to bed.”
The blind man nodded. “Fine, I’m fine,” he answered, seeming a bit annoyed by the attention.
It did feel like he was thinking that a lot recently. Today, especially. But what could he do? Tony felt like he had made his feelings clear. Steve was one of those ‘waiting for my soulmate’ types. Tony couldn’t blame him. Whoever Captain America’s soulmate was… well, they were guaranteed to be as amazing as Steve himself, right? Tony very obviously didn’t fit
and alluring the prospect of finally finding your soulmate is, we all still live in a society with harsh, restrictive expectations. 12/?
Sam jogged forward, patting Steve on the back. “Well, that’s typical Cap for you! Truth, justice, and the American way!” He laughed in a very over-exaggerated way. “Thanks for coming, everybody! See you next time!” Sam grinned widely as he physically dragged Steve away from the reporters.
Steve walked in about five seconds later, carrying ten pizzas in a tower that entirely covered his line of sight. He slid the pizzas onto the counter and turned around with a sigh. “Give me the film.”
Apparently taking this as the warning it was intended, the vans finally began to move slowly away, inching along until the road through the gate was finally clear. Cassie took two careful steps, placing each of her feet along the edges of the gates in order to block the road from the vans.
Tony ripped the very nicely wrapped paper, revealing a small white box. He looked up at Steve, who nodded at him to continue. Tony popped it open. Inside was a key. Tony’s brow furrowed. “What is this?”
Reed looked between Sue and Tony, brow crinkling in confusion. “Is this still about casualties?”
Tony put his hand on Bruce’s knee— a mirror image of earlier, except with Tony giving Bruce comfort this time. “You’ve got this, Brucie. Just think of all the science you’ve got to do in your lab.”
[9:16 pm] I will.
Tony looked at Steve, a smile curling his lips despite himself. “This is actually really nice.” He turned and raised a grateful hand to Ororo. “Thanks for the snow.”
Natasha punched Bucky in the metal arm. He winced. She didn’t.
“You want to go escort him home?” Tony asked.
“Jen—” Tony said, but stopped immediately when she glared at him.
The truth was that Tony was torn—completely on two differing, opposing sides of the matter. On one hand, becoming soulmates with Steve was a literal dream come true. For Tony, it was more like several hundred dreams come true. On the other, Tony couldn’t look at his face without flinching, gritting his teeth, or frowning. He didn’t know how anyone could happily accept a sudden face tattoo. Especially one that was a fucking American flag.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, extremely tired and completely uncaring about putting on a show for people anymore. “Let’s get dinner.”
“She’s the smartest of us all,” Pepper replied. “I’m grabbing a cup of coffee before I—” She stared at Clint, who was holding the coffee pot up to his mouth, clearly drinking directly from it. “Never mind. Time to go.”
“Well, this is fun,” Tony interrupted, then immediately felt like a tool for interrupting, so he did it again. “You three will be happy together, I’m sure. Now can we get back to the point? Wanda? Why you’re here?”
understandable that an overtly masculine-presenting superhero with a history of being powerful and famous would be hesitant to come out. 9/?
of! This is
<3 [11:18 pm]
“Ooh,” Steve said, shaking his head. “She’s got ya there, Buck.”
“Do you regret it?” The man’s brow wrinkled as a sudden thought struck him. “Marking at the news conference? The spotlight?”
[9:15 pm] I promise I will try.
i know you like his ass [8:41 pm]
STEVEN [9:19 pm]
“I hope Doom got rid of that cape,” Tony said off-handedly. “It really hides his ass.”
for another thread. Even with the knowledge that nobody chooses their soulmate, biases against non-traditional pairings still exist. 6/?
Steve grinned. “Point. Oh, we have to be at a press conference tomorrow morning about the fight. It’s fine if only a few of us go.”
“Oh, they’re outside.”
Steve chuckled, shaking his head. “Why are you embarrassed? You brought it up!”
Tony blushed, a dull red spreading across his nose and unmarked cheek. Steve realized what he said and blushed, too. It wasn’t what he meant. He’d meant to say that Tony could always lean on him, could go to him for support at absolutely any time. It wasn’t entirely surprising that Tony had taken it sexually, but, well, he wasn’t about to take it back. Fact was, Steve was pretty sure Tony actually was the only one who could undress him any time without Steve questioning it.
Namor interrupted in an agreeable tone, “That is a fantastic idea. Weaker humans should make it easier for superior beings to protect them.”
“Yes, Mr. Jameson?” Peter asked, trying to look interested and available for freelance work.
Pepper cleared her throat, breaking the tension and bringing Steve back to the conversation. “Well, yes, of course that happened and we need to address those concerns as soon as possible.” She tilted her head at Tony, voice just short of scolding. “But something
He dropped Steve off on the ground, landing next to him and immediately blasting a few robots off a nearby car. They weren’t even full-grown robots; they were miniatures. Bots at best. Tony sighed, feeling like an exterminator. Here he was, quenching these tiny monstrosities while his friends were off having space orgies with their numerous soulmates.
Steve grinned. “Yes, Tony. I’d love to.”
There were a million places that could have a good gift for a guy like Steve. He would love anything handmade, something from a small mom & pop place, or even something relating to a charity. Tony wasn’t… the
“I am reserving judgment on that issue.”
“No, I have not.” Tony paused. “But the last time it came alive, it wanted
“No. It’s not.” Tony pouted a little. “We talked about this.”
“Frank Castle is en route to the back entrance,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. answered. “He should arrive in three minutes.”
for them to start flying.” He looked down, scanning the streets as he flew above them for any sign of variations in movement.
“Time?”
Steve spun on his heel and marched to the elevator. He quickly got in and pushed the button for his floor, very intentionally not looking at Tony, who was becoming ever-increasingly naked. Steve’s blush did not seem to be abating. Which—okay, fair. He felt hit by a double-whammy of Tony saying ‘I love you’ and stripping.
“Casualties,” Tony stated, absolutely confident.
Steve gave Tony a fond look. “Co-leader.”
“If that’s true, then why hasn’t he brought it up again?”
Tony landed in front of the Punisher, who immediately pointed five guns at him.
“Tony, come on. We both thought we’d already touched.” Steve held out his hands. “I have no idea how we haven’t.”
Matt nodded. “I get it. But you’re actually better off with my partner. He picks out a lot of my suits.”
“I can’t,” he ground out. “You wouldn’t understand.”
I love getting messages like this [11:14 pm]
Johnny cleared his throat and replied in a slightly scratchy tone, “Are… are you sending him dick pics or what?”
Steve looked over at Tony, lips pressed together thinly. “I’ll get the film.”
“Who? Who’s coming?” Tony asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Captain America, what do you feel like right now?! What are you thinking?!”
A short silence passed between them, existing because both of them knew that wasn’t the real issue and talking to the team wasn’t going to help anything.
“Of course.” Steve held out his arms, grinning. Tony easily lifted him up. “Best transit in the city.”
“Probably,” Steve said, eyes twinkling. “I asked you to dinner and you said yes, so.”
Rhodey and Carol both started talking at once.
“Nipples!” Jameson shouted, startling Peter really badly in several ways. “Give me nudity! Chests, at least!”
fuck this up.
“—in deep discussion, possibly to do damage control. An unexpected soulmate reveal of this magnitude is sure to have lasting repercussions that we don’t—”
“Captain! Tony! Any comment on your new union?!”
“I get that a lot.”
They walked out onto the balcony, and Tony noticed Steve waving his hand in a shooing motion at Sam, who was making kissy faces. Tony’s eyebrow raised as his heart soared.
@FarLeftDinoFem @ChaseChaseChase @mollylolly @niconoir @majesticdean SO WOW Cap and IM are gay, huh? Would you look at that! #SuperSoulmates
Narrowing her eyes at him in an extremely critical manner, Bobbi replied, “Because the story of the year just happened?”
… *Personally. All the way back in the first tweet. Fucking twitter. WHERE’S MY EDIT BUTTON?!
How do you expect to get to know anybody without saying hi? Take out those earbuds, put away your phone, and be on the lookout. You never know when your special someone will bump into you—hopefully literally!
Steve turned bright red.
Peter sighed. “I don’t know. I might have to arrange an Avengers basketball game.”
Peter’s shoulders dropped as he quickly exited the office. What was he supposed to do now? Getting candid shots of Steve and Tony was going to be challenging enough. They’d basically gone into hiding since the soulmark appeared. And he couldn’t take photos as Spider-Man. That’d be way too obvious. He really didn’t want to give up his secret identity for this.
Steve smiled. “Okay. I trust you.”
“Are we dating?” Tony’s head tilted sideways.
“Is Spider-Man an Avenger now?”
Tony headed towards his suits. “You want a ride?”
Peter cleared his throat. “Listen, you know how much I appreciate you doing this.”
“Then why has he not made himself known to us?” Namor asked blandly.
“Doesn’t matter,” Tony said. “I’ve smacked into worse things than centerfolds from the forties.”
Johnny laughed. Peter could imagine his grin and smiled in response. “Listen, if Jameson asked you for dick pics, I’d say give them to him.”
Tony lifted his head up. “You planning on being with me until morning?”
Nodding and waving to a few of the reporters on his way out, Peter skipped down the stairs of the Daily Bugle headquarters, feeling depressed. He wanted to be respected for his talents, not shouted at to take salacious tabloid shots.
“Yes, Mr. Stark.”
Tony’s mouth quirked up in a small smile. “I ran into the Punisher.”
Tony had worn one of his newer suits, so he was able to remove it entirely as he walked alongside Steve. Or, more accurately, the suit removed itself by unslotting pieces until it was completely gone. Steve was used to seeing it, but Reed’s attention was caught.
“You know,” Wanda mused, “if he wasn’t Captain America, people wouldn’t be thinking of it like the flag. I’ve seen other red and blue marks, even ones with white, and nobody really comments on them.”
“Because!” Johnny threw his hands in the air.
“No!” Peter exclaimed, groaning.
Groaning, Johnny waved her off. He felt terrible about betraying Peter’s secret, but also, if he was being honest, an enormous weight had been lifted off his shoulders. Just telling Sue felt like something had clicked into place. A wrong had been made right in Johnny’s world. He hadn’t realized how much this was upsetting him.
Tony smiled at him. “Thanks.”
Cassie tilted her hand back and forth. “Depends who you ask. I’m trying out new things, you know.”
“That’s definitely true.”
Overall, Tony had to say the Avengers Holiday Party was a riotous success. There were no real complaints from any of the guests. Except for Clint hogging all the eggnog, but at least he’d moved on from all that coffee. He’d even scored a boyfriend from the entire affair. Tony ended up keeping the key to Steve’s apartment in his pocket—just in case.
Tony pondered for a moment. “Okay, how about a deal?”
“Obviously not, he says. Like I have any idea.” Sue blew out a breath through her nose. “Okay. Well… is it someone inappropriate?”
Telling Peter was going to be so hard. Johnny had no idea how he was going to break the news. It was like alarm bells were going off in his head.
Steve hurried over. “Are you okay?” he asked, looking between them.
With you, always, Steve imagined saying. If he was braver. If he felt like he could risk it all. Then Tony was gone, and Steve had missed his chance even though he’d promised. He ran his hands through his hair and over his eyes.
. You’re lucky I already like you.”
@FarLeftDinoFem you’re so smart. I love you so much.
[11:15 pm] it’s a face 2 face thing
Tony’s eyebrows scrunched together. “Yes? Did you need something, bird brain?”
“This is why I stopped dating humans.” Wanda’s eyes quickly widened. “No offense, Carol,
Tony looked at the other two, nodding at them in what he hoped was less an ‘I’m too tired and want you to leave’ and more of a ‘Your work is appreciated and I value your commitment to justice’. “Here, as requested, comms.” Tony handed one to each of them.
[__]  1     < >     <3
“Earth to flag face,” Clint said, waving his hand in front of Tony.
[9:27 pm] Oh, man. I’m sorry, Buck.
“I won’t ask. Just please tell him that we’d love to meet him. Officially, as your soulmate.”
,” she stated, kicking Bucky’s knee so his stance was weaker. “And I’ll do it without a ploy.” She swung down, grabbed Bucky’s gun by the barrel, and smacked him across the face with it.
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 5m
Clint snorted.
Bobbi nodded slowly. “Sure, mmhm. Okay,” she agreed, eyes darting between Steve and Tony as if waiting for one of them to crack. Then she smiled at Tony, eyes glinting. “Steve sure has big hands.”
“Why is everybody surprised? Like you all haven’t heard me flirt with him before.” Tony scratched the back of his neck, suddenly wanting to pull his blanket back up but too stubborn to actually do it and admit defeat. “I flirt with everyone. Is it jealousy? Is that it? Three soulmates not enough for you, Danvers?”
Carol grinned at Rhodey. “I’m game if you are.”
“We saw the news! Congratulations!”
Steve bit his lower lip, waiting on Tony’s reaction.
The camera spun around, following the trajectory of the brick through the air.
Spider-Man blinked. “I am both impressed and revolted.”
. It’s more than okay.” He turned the watch over and read the inscription aloud. “‘To T, my better half. Love, S.’”
Tony leveled Steve a look. “Of course it’s
“Don’t worry. We’ll figure out what happened last time, make sure it doesn’t happen again.” Steve sounded confident, as per usual when he was going into the field.
Wanda put her hand on Vision’s shoulder, gently rubbing back and forth. “We talked about this,” she murmured. “Lots of people get together without marks. They’re nice, but they’re not necessary to love someone.”
“I mean, rush hour?” Tony said into the comms, his voice briefly coming through static and grainy thanks to his high-speed flying before clearing up in his normal tone again. “
“What ways? How? How can there be ways in
“Party’s going well,” Steve continued. “Seems like everyone’s having a great time.”
“Yes!” Sue interrupted, glaring right back at him. “You have! By keeping him as this huge secret, you’ve really put us all in crisis mode.”
by Ripley Ryan
Steve stared at her for a few seconds. Then he put a hand on her shoulder and squeezed. “Yes, it does,” he said. “That’s exactly what it means.” He smiled kindly at her. “But thanks, Nat. Good to know I have your support if I ever decided to make an ass of myself and go for it.”
“Kings of Earth.” Tony pursed his lips then nodded once, definitively. “Yep. I like it.”
@FarLeftDinoFem except for the whole you know alien thing
Tony noisily slurped his milkshake. “So,” he began in a seemingly casual tone that had Steve sitting up straighter, “we never talked about soulmates before.”
Steve took another step, slightly pressing up right against Tony.
Tony pressed his fingers to the bridge of his nose, rubbing it. “Okay, this has been fun, reliving the greatest hits of my failures and all, but I’ve got a press conference to get to.”
The elevator dinged and he got out, trying to reason with his stupid hopeful heart. Tony was too tired to know what he was saying. There was no way he would have said he loved Steve if he was actually awake. Literally earlier that day, Tony had said he wasn’t ready to go any farther yet. He’d said everything was happening too fast. He’d said he was concerned about the person targeting him. He’d said he needed time to process that they were soulmates. Time to get used to the new mark covering just under half of his face.
Wanda stepped through the portal she had created mid-air, whipping her cape majestically out behind her. Sadly, Dum-E didn’t seem to appreciate a dramatic entrance. He must have thought she was stuck—maybe, perhaps, who knew really? Tony certainly didn’t know; he only programmed the thing.
“Are you okay?” Rhodey asked, concerned.
Tony looked about ready to tear his hair out. “I’m not saying it’s not a big deal.” He looked at Steve, seriously. “I’m not saying that.”
I wanted?”
“I haven’t—”
Reed raised an eyebrow. “What do you plan to do about it?”
Bruce was already walking to the stairs, heading to his lab. Steve was happy to see he’d calmed down. To be fair, it had been a stressful situation for everyone. Steve wasn’t in the habit of calling for debriefs after press conferences, but he was considering making an exception. What would he even say? What
talking! But he just threw himself in his workshop. Again.”
“Have Captain America and Iron Man been involved in a secret affair?”
Bruce smiled at them both. “Soulmates, that’s… wow!”
“Did you get that? A rock, no, a
It took some time to finish collecting them all. Another five batches were spotted and ended up playing a really horrible game of hide-and-seek. Everyone knew they had to ensure every single bot was deactivated and collected while they minimized damage to them when possible. Any information the bots could provide was going to be crucial to their investigation.
Tony gave a few verbal commands to F.R.I.D.A.Y., shutting down his workshop for the night. He got in the elevator, Steve following behind. Once they stopped at Tony’s floor, they both walked out.
“Doesn’t mean he’s okay.”
“I’m texting Reed that he has a present,” Tony said. “I already have samples from the first fight. He might get some use out of these.”
“I know,” Steve agreed. “We’ll find it. Think you can hack one of them and track it backwards?”
bill. He was good, but he wasn’t
“I’m finding a few hiding underneath cars parked along the curb,” Steve reported.
Not that said lock was helpful when F.R.I.D.A.Y. was actively plotting against him.
shop for
When he got back, Tony was fast asleep. He had put on a different pair of boxers and a tank top, which made Steve smile. They had the same idea, after all.
—his eyes had felt like they were stretching out, reaching as far as they could to see if there was any change to Spider-Man’s fingertips. And there was. A red, orange, and yellow mark on the inside of his thumb and forefinger. Johnny had been ecstatic.
Tony continued blasting the ones on the roof, alternating between bored and annoyed. He knew this was important, but it was mind-numbing work and it wasn’t getting him any closer to solving the mystery of how that business had gotten destroyed. Or of who was behind these bots. Just catching them was like playing whack-a-mole. They needed to track them if they were going to get anywhere.
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 16m
“You aren’t happy for them?”
Steve smiled at her. “You did us a big favor, Cass. We owe you one.”
Tony sighed. “What’ve we got?”
Tony began to rub at his face with his hand, but grimaced and pulled it away, staring at the gauntlet with some confusion. “Okay, yeah, I told you it was too late to go out.” He began to take the armor off, using his automatic machines to put it away.
“About the repression?” Steve asked, surprised.
A muffled voice could just barely be heard from outside the door. “Steve! Tony! Do you have anything to say relating to your soulmarks?”
“Any other items to add to your list, Mr. Stark?” F.R.I.D.A.Y. helpfully asked.
“There’s really not,” he replied. “I can’t tell you much because it’s all on his side. But, Sue, honestly. Don’t you think I want to tell you about him? Don’t you think I’ve wanted him to meet everyone from day one? He has some stuff going on that means he wants me to keep everything a secret.”
[__]  1     < >     <3
Tony made a face. “What do you mean, really? Of course really.” He hesitated. “Well, it’s not a material gift. It’s more of a… gesture.”
Namor waved a hand in the air, dismissing the idea. “He does not have the mental capacity for anything beyond unnecessary speeches about his own non-existent majesty.”
[9:19 pm] What’s a broken heart between friends?
“Do I have to come?” Jennifer sounded resigned.
“Another one bites the dust,” Tony mourned. “How many intercoms do I have to make for you people?”
That was good. That had been the
“I thought it’d be a me and you thing,” Steve answered. “We don’t need the entire team for some information sharing.”
[11:17 pm] gnight
He flew up to the roof and took a quick scan of the situation. It appeared a few bots had been detected making their way to a new area ten blocks south of the previous target. Bruce and, shockingly, Pietro were both on their way.
calm.”
Reed and Sue groaned.
“I have no idea,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. replied, somewhat primly.
materialistic.”
Not that they had any casualties last time—they hadn’t, but the brick-thrower was on Tony’s mind. He had definitely left an impression. Tony was going to be on the lookout for what was causing property damage. There had to be an explanation. He was going to find it and bring it to the lawyers tomorrow, thereby clearing his name and moving on from this ridiculous accusation.
Steve’s voice immediately cleared out his head. Tony replied using the same private channel, “This is ridiculous. Only some of them are coming from the sewers. There’s gotta be another source.”
“What did I do?” Tony asked, taken aback. “I’m sure it wasn’t my fault, but also, what was it?”
Slogging through endless data? Struggling to interpret how to utilize your statistics? Oscorp can help. Find out more: bit.ly/sd2k8lo
Rhodey! I just meant—”
“Sure is! All those fans clamoring for representation, here you go! Couldn’t have asked for better!”
“There are many reasons,” she replied with a short laugh. “I could begin listing them, if you’re bored.”
“Thanks.” Steve smiled at Tony over his shoulder. “Briefing in ten.”
,” Johnny repeated. “Please don’t ask. I don’t want to have to lie to you, okay?”
Tony closed his eyes. “Yeah. I can do that.” And he should’ve thought of that twenty minutes ago. What was wrong with him? Was he really that jealous of his friends, that he couldn’t think past them collecting soulmates while he remained alone?
Tony began groaning.
“Like, officially,” Cassie continued to explain.
at any of those things. He was keeping Rhodey and Carol’s advice in mind. Not lingerie.
touch, even if they touched every
“I like it. It matches my suit,” Spider-Man stated, pleased.
“No, of course I want to be with you, you freaking star-spangled
“Can’t very well turn down Captain America, can I?” Jennifer sighed. “But I have a court date early tomorrow morning, so I honestly can’t stay too long.”
“Whoa, uh—”
Tony ran his hand over his cheek. The mark didn’t feel like anything. His skin felt like it always did. His goatee, too. Technically, all that had changed was a visual mark. But it was so big. And directly on his face.
“Now, let’s see the watches.” Foggy made gimme hands at Steve. “I have a billionaire to pick out a gift for.”
Steve’s mouth snapped shut. He felt his face grow hot as he struggled to respond.
“Tony—”
Tony had done his research on how they worked. He had paid people to research, and those people had paid people, and soon enough his money was funding scientists in nineteen countries. Well, that was fine. That was how science got done.
“That’s right. I’ve never seen anything so patriotic in my
Steve’s hold tightened on his soulmate. “Well, you got me there, son. But he’s okay this time.”
“Usually they don’t,” Steve said. “But I wasn’t able to find a nice gift for him in time for last week’s exchange.”
“One year and eleven months,” Johnny loudly interrupted.
The incredibly loud voice rattled the car windows, causing the entire team to look out. There, at the far end of the street, stood an incredibly tall girl—about 40 feet if Steve had to guess—who had her hands stretched out towards the news vans.
Steve found himself at a loss. He knew Tony had a lot to deal with, but that seemed like an unnecessarily stressful series of questions. And Steve knew he couldn’t really help Tony with that—Stark Industries had always been Tony’s thing. Bumbling his way into a business conversation wouldn’t help.
The camera moved sideways as the Avengers began leaving the stage.
Pepper’s smile widened, although it wasn’t reflected in her eyes. “They haven’t gone into hiding. The entire team returned home to Avengers Tower, as is standard procedure after a press conference.”
Tony nodded at the Punisher, waving his hand in agreement. “Of course you weren’t. That’s why you were aiming guns at him.”
Jennifer pressed her lips together. “Look, guys. Who’s the legal expert here?” She waved a hand at them. “We all know it’s me. I’m also a superhero, so I’m actually personally invested in seeing this case succeed for you. That is, I want you and the Avengers to look good while also acknowledging that there are concerns civilians have that need to be addressed. But we don’t want people to start suing us when a bad guy destroys their house.” She shook her head. “That’s a terrible precedent to set. That implies that it’s our fault any damage is done, regardless of who actually caused it. We do
Sue smacked his arm. “Don’t tease me! I’m worried about you!” She frowned, her brow crinkling in concern. “I’ve been worried about you for two years, you jerk!” Her fingers quickly rubbed the bottom of her eyes—the only indication that she was near tears.
move.’ That type of sheer willpower and frustrating stubbornness really got through Tony’s sarcasm and inability to care about most things. Steve was a rock—a handsome, friendly rock who matched him stride for stride both in and out of the suit. They had fun together; they enjoyed each other’s company. They shared serious moments and relied on each other’s judgment. Tony was absolutely sure Steve was the perfect match for him.
“It’s quite all right,” she said in a voice that directly stated it was not.
RAINBOWS @majesticdean * 3m
Steve looked at Tony, hoping to find some clarity, but Tony slid farther down, looking at his phone and quietly groaning. Steve frowned. “I don’t get it,” he said, bluntly. “There are soulmate matches every day. Tony and I are famous, but this isn’t news.”
“I told you. It just feels like the right thing to do.”
Sue sighed. “Johnny, come on. It’s been two years. Almost! That’s a long time to not meet my brother’s soulmate.”
“—talked to Steve yet.”
Steve grinned as he hopped up on a stool, placing his sketchpad and pencils down on an unused corner of the table Tony was currently sitting at. He flipped open to a clean page. “You know I’m pro-union.” Dum-E whirred up next to Steve, slowly moving his arm up and down. “Aw, thanks, Dum-E. You too.”
Tony made a noise that translated as surprised static.
Namor sighed. “Humans are needlessly tiresome.”
Apparently, today was one of those times. Tony didn’t know why he was surprised. F.R.I.D.A.Y. had told him his teammates were gathering for lunch, but he honestly hadn’t expected this. Everyone from the press conference was there, as well as Bucky, Natasha, and, apparently, Spider-Man.
Tony sighed. “Yes, really. Now go chase down some more of these things.”
Ben chuckled nervously. “Uh oh, first lovers’ quarrel. Should we go?”
Tony scrubbed at his hair. “Yes.”
Steve smiled slowly. “Guess I can’t help but make things difficult for myself.”
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 19m
Steve ran a hand through his hair. He wasn’t even sure how he felt. He loved Tony, and he’d been obvious about it, but Tony had never reciprocated. He’d had a few minutes of jubilance, thinking for sure they were going to work things out now that they had each other’s mark. That Tony would at least consider the idea.
“I wonder what it would be like to have a soulmate mark.”
Bucky jumped over the back of the couch and landed next to Steve, grabbing him by both shoulders and shaking him. “Ahh, this is the best thing!”
not concerning at all [11:14 pm]
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “You’re so overdramatic.” He gestured to his suit. “It’s just a few holes, Tony.”
Tony slid off the counter and went over to get himself two slices of pizza. When he turned around, Steve was right behind him. Tony looked up questioningly.
Steve smirked. “Yeah. They probably dealt with all of that when Reed and Sue married Namor.”
“Who’s
“I’m, uh, also leaving!” Spider-Man wiggled his fingers up and over his head, possibly indicating shooting a web. “I have to get back to work.”
“I’m concerned about
“Good luck, I guess.”
Tony wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist. “Hold on. We’re taking off.”
Steve felt his face grow stern. “We’re talking about this later.”
“I’ll—” Steve swallowed. “—go get something to wear.”
@mollylolly sometimes adults are dumber than you think they can be
That combined with his concern about the brick-thrower pushed him into overdrive. He needed to solve where the bots came from and why someone was using them. He needed to figure out why a stranger was accusing him of a crime he hadn’t committed. He needed to finish the upgrade on his gauntlet and get it into testing. He needed to schedule an in-person meeting with the board to assuage their concerns. He needed to contact Billy and Tommy for Wanda, and Viv for Vision. He needed to control the media storm so that he could get back to his responsibilities without being hounded. He needed to talk to Steve about the predictive algorithm to prepare for possible missions. He needed to review and approve the latest prototypes—
“Am I a babysitter?”
Johnny groaned. “I know! Sue. I know.”
Tony buried his head in the menu.
Looking for the latest scoop on all things #SuperSoulmates? Check out our in-depth reporting FREE! Read now: bit.ly/54hyg8i
Tony flew over to hover next to Steve. “Want a lift?”
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 4m
[9:28 pm] I’ll ask Tony for a new one.
expect to have and dream about. Their soulmarks have become a media circus. I can’t imagine the pain they’re going through as they 14/?
Steve blinked. Then he frowned, looking unimpressed. “You do not.”
“Hi,” he said, leaning back in his chair and swiveling back and forth.
“It also means two of the biggest superheroes in the world are gay. That’s something.”
Tony looked behind him, trying to see whatever Steve had seen. “Where?”
“Look, Steve is who he is,” Rhodey stated. He looked at Tony and quickly flicked both eyebrows up. “You fell in love with him despite the theme.”
Steve hurried off the stage, glancing at Sam, who nodded towards the car that was pulling up alongside the nearby road.
“Fine. I’ll give you a comm.”
She held up a hand. “You know what, you’re right. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
“Jesus,” Johnny breathed out. “We’re not related. What the fuck?”
There was utter silence. Tony didn’t know awkwardness could be so powerful that it reached from Earth to somewhere in space, but he was glad he’d made a scientific discovery of such magnitude.
Steve understood all of that. And he wasn’t about to push Tony into anything. Still, when Tony said they should go to bed, Steve’s thoughts flew to sleeping next to the man he was in love with. It didn’t even occur to him that Tony meant they should go to bed
“Oh, really? How many other Avengers do you share calendars with?”
Sam clears his throat. “I have a special message I’d like to send out to mister brick-thrower.”
Tony threw up his hands. “All right, I’ll go! Stop pestering me.”
“What if we can’t work it out?” Tony frowned slightly.
“Sounds tough,” Tony said. Pepper side-eyed him. Hard. “Is this Fantastic Four visit a group thing?”
“Venturing out of the Kitchen? Unusual for you,” Tony commented. He wasn’t opposed to the extra help—he just had no idea why Daredevil wasn’t patrolling his usual area.
“That seems to be the point. At least, that’s what Jen thinks.”
“There have been other soulmate matches that made the news cycle. Some sweet, some scandalous, but all proving the public’s interest in the topic of soulmates is ever-growing. Tonight, we’ll be taking calls from listeners on the newly matched couple everyone’s talking, tweeting, and texting about: Captain America and Iron Man. Are you shocked? Never expected them to mark each other? Have you seen this coming for years? Are you interested in the social or political consequences of such a match? Do you have an opinion you just
[8:59 pm] I don’t want to make him uncomfortable.
Running footsteps caused everyone to turn and look as a complete stranger stormed into the kitchen, wearing a pizza delivery hat and pulling out a camera from his backpack.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y., do you see him?”
18: No matter what happened, they were going to continue living and working together.
She rolled her eyes. “Yes, but you can’t use the front door.”
Tony stared at Steve, blankly at first before a growing unease began radiating off him. “What do you think?”
“Look, Namor’s talking sense! We should listen.” Johnny sounded too sincere, nodding seriously at them.
“I’m not talking about sex. I’m talking about going after an honest, real relationship.” Steve spread out his hands. “You can’t honestly tell me people don’t hope for that with their soulmate.”
“Anyway, you’ll never guess what just happened,” Tony said, immediately shoving his hands into the back pockets of his jeans. “Like, never. In a million years.” He bounced on his feet. “But guess anyway, I like it when you’re wrong.”
Pepper left the door cracked open for a minute. Steve looked askance at it before he saw Cassie’s tiny form running—incredibly slowly—through the opening. Once she began to grow to her regular size, Pepper closed the door, saying, “Thanks for the help, Stature. Or is it Stinger now?”
,” Bucky continued with a laugh. “I mean.” He looked at Natasha again. “What do I mean?”
“Okay. Okay.” Steve leaned forward on the table, using his forearms to balance himself as he stared through the glass. “Is that what this is about? Your soulmark?”
The woman put her hand down as she held a microphone to her mouth, nodding towards Steve. “Do you have any information as to the reason behind this attack?”
“Then it is only correct for this meeting to take place between kings,” Namor said. “And a queen, of course.”
Hey there, list fans! With the news of Captain Mmmerica and Rich Daddy Man going majorly VIRAL, I’m here to give you the top tips to getting your own soulmate!
say that.”
Matt shrugged. “I didn’t mind.” He mustered up all of the courage he was known for. “Did you?”
Peter nodded, feeling immediately stupid because Johnny couldn’t see it. “Love you, too.”
Steve looked at Foggy with his active mission face on. “So I was speaking to your boyfriend here and—”
“I rounded up.”
“We have a calendar.”
! Fucking Iron Man shooting a laser through my shop window!”
Reed laughed once, almost a cough.
“I have to be dreaming. I must be.” Foggy looked at Matt, quickly continuing, “Kiss me.”
I would guess even celebrities and superstars don’t expect to have their soulmark appearance caught on camera and recorded for the 17/?
“Yeah. I mean.” Tony shrugged. “I guess I’m technically an atheist, so I’m more of a Santa Christmas than a Jesus Christmas guy.”
@niconoir OMG NICO
He shook his head. “Tell him no.”
“Kamala. Those are not terms you should be using about real people.”
“Nothing!” Tony exclaimed. Then the Avengers rooftop flashed in his memory. “Oh. Well, he might have kissed me. I’m not sure.”
Steve breathed in deeply. “The American flag is defined by red and white stripes that have a square in the corner. That square is a blue background with white stars on it. The stars and stripes are actually so definitive of the flag that it has the nickname ‘stars and stripes’. There are no stars
Pietro gave Steve an unimpressed, highly judgmental look. “Of course his soulmate would take his side.”
Sue sighed heavily. “I’m so sorry. He has a thing for blondes.”
Tony casually strode into the kitchen, eyed the lack of both Captain America and available seating, and hopped up onto the edge of the island, letting his legs dangle off the side. “What’s for lunch? Given the turnout, I’m expecting something spectacular.”
Soulmarks appeared in the exact place soulmates first touched. The most common soulmarks were on the palm of a hand wrapping around to the back—the shape of a handshake with fingers holding on. But they could be any size, shape, and location. Some of the most popular posts online were of people sharing their odd soulmarks with meet-cute stories. Tony sometimes clicked through them, imagining if things had been different, what would his have been? How would Steve have marked him?
Tony didn’t know how he felt. He just wanted to be happy and enjoy being matched with Steve. He loved Steve. He fucking
Dum-E came over to Steve, whizzing around him. Steve handed it the helmet. It chirped happily and scooted away.
“Well, you’re not Captain Britain, are you? Wrong costume for that.” Tony spread his hands out. “Captain Cambodia? Avengers, assemble to the call of Captain Australia?”
Tony closed his hands to save his work and end the program. “What, no Avengers Assemble?”
Steve hesitated. “I don’t know, Tone. I have no legal training. And I trust Jen.”
there, where you are. And let me tell you, it is
good [11:13 pm]
Early update as a gift to myself! I couldn't wait any longer to post when the plot starts rolling. Enjoy!
@niconoir you’re a pretty asian bi!! I know for a fact people loive that, including myself lol!!
. Get whatever you want.”
[__]  1     < >     <3
right there on Tony’s cheek! It was amazing. He smiled goofily, hoping that Tony was feeling as good as he was.
“Fair enough.” Tony held his tongue for nearly ten seconds before he burst out, “I’m not repressed.”
. That is a ho gift. I will not allow it.”
Scientists had collected data on hundreds of thousands of people. There were some extenuating circumstances, some outliers that were to be expected, but overall Tony felt confident he had funded the best collection of research on soulmarks available. Now he knew everything he could and, after everyone published their findings and got credit, felt a long-standing tug on his heart start to lessen.
Sue raised an eyebrow. “You’re one to talk.”
Tony slid his sunglasses on, thumb quickly scrolling on his phone screen.
“Are you gonna eat that?” Clint pointed to Tony’s second piece of pizza, left forgotten on his plate.
[__]  1     < >     <3
Steve. The man lit up his life. He made everything better just by being there. It wasn’t that he was always optimistic—he definitely wasn’t. But Steve was always determined to see things through. He had an attitude that Tony admired. ‘
Tony spread out his hands. “Well, apparently we’re both morons when it comes to figuring out if we’ve touched or not, so it seems prudent to point out that wasn’t a kiss where you actually touched my skin.”
“—just joining us, it’s true that less than two minutes ago, Rogers and Stark became soulmates! They appear to be debating their next steps. It’s true that a public soulmate match can be tricky for many reasons, and in this case, we can only imagine the social and political—”
“It’s not,” Tony said. “It’s a terrible gift.”
Steve pushed off against the table and walked around it. “I don’t know how we’re supposed to figure this out if you won’t talk to me.”
“It’s a metaphor, it’s not perfect.” He waved her off. “Don’t we have a briefing to get to?”
Tony sighed. “As much as I’m loving this, I really need to be clear. Do you want to go out with me? On dates? Romantically?”
“Rogers falling back on his war hero status. A tactical play to keep the public on his side in the face of an accusation of civilian assault and what’s sure to be a polarizing soulmate reveal? Or just what he’s used to saying and easily falls back on?”
[8:53 pm] I don’t need to tell Tony he’s cute.
“This human obsession with last names is predictably pedantic,” Namor replied.
Carol’s eyebrows furrowed together. “Didn’t you already ask him out?”
He waited another few seconds. “I feel like, based on the way you’re saying that, it’s supposed to be a big announcement.” He raised a hand in the air. “But I’ve definitely flirted with Steve before, so I’m not sure what the big deal is?”
Tony sighed. “Sad but true.” He brightened up. “Hey, but with Thor back in Asgard dealing with Loki, we don’t have to save him a whole pizza! That should—”
Steve leaned his forearms against the back of his chair. “It shouldn’t be too much longer. Thanks for waiting.”
Steve looked conflicted. “I can buy you one?”
Tony spluttered. “Um, excuse me, no. I’m not going to ask Steve if he wants to kiss me. That’s.” Tony’s mouth snapped shut. “Preposterous.”
Not really. Was this going to be just like all the other times they had flown together? Shit, Steve had no clue if he was supposed to act the same as before or not. But how could he when they had this huge change between them? They were soulmates now.
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 8m
“That… didn’t seem very enthusiastic,” Spider-Man replied, the eyes of his suit narrowing.
“It doesn’t work like that. We’ve touched. Nothing happened.” Tony shrugged.
“Is it a supervillain? Like.” She inhaled sharply. “Is it Doctor Doom? Look, if it’s Victor, we can—”
“Where’s Bucky and Nat?” Steve asked into the comm, throwing his shield into a bot that was chasing a woman down the sidewalk.
TONY LOVES YOU [9:21 pm]
twitchy bitchy witchy @niconoir * 19m
“It’s nothing,” Tony replied.
[__]  1     < >     <3  1
Tony pouted. “Lingerie is a perfectly acceptable gift,” he muttered.
Simple as that.
Steve tried not to blatantly stare at Tony. He failed. Miserably. That was his
They quickly retreated to the landing pad. Once they were outside and out of earshot, Tony tapped his arc reactor to begin putting his armor on.
Besides, as one of the leaders of the Avengers, it was his responsibility to take on issues when they appeared. Keeping an open line of communication with the public was a vital task—one that Steve did not take lightly.
an ass,” Sam said, dragging his hand down his face. “Are we done? I could be doing basically anything else with my time right now.”
“I thought when we got home we’d definitely talk.” Steve knew he sounded frustrated, maybe even depressed, but he couldn’t help it. Besides, Sam was one of his best friends. He’d understand.
Tony snorted. “Of course
“Actually, no. School’s overrated.” Tony pointed at Cassie hopefully. “Can you tell Billy and Tommy to give Wanda a call? I’m supposed to check in on them.”
Bucky was quiet for a few seconds. “I get why you’re freaking out. But I think you guys are in a better situation than most people when they get their soulmarks. You and Tony already like each other.” He shrugged, looking sideways at Steve. “You know Tony can think himself into a depression. So how about you
Jameson’s eyes narrowed. “Why are you doing that?” He waggled his finger around. “Fiddling with your shirt? Do you know who Spider-Man is?”
And that was part of the problem. Tony didn’t want to have any negative feelings about his soulmark. He didn’t want to have to tell Steve that it was hard to look in the mirror. But Steve never appreciated lying. And Tony didn’t want to hide the truth.
“Right.” Steve paused. “I’m Steve, by the way.”
Tony looked over at the doors to the unoccupied balcony. “Let’s get some air.”
But the patterns of the colors and how they shifted on skin were harder to pin down. Patterns could be anything from very detailed to basic shapes to a jumble or blending of colors that didn’t have any obvious features. Soulmarks also moved—not the outline, which was always exactly the same, demarcated by that first touch, but the colors inside. So a soulmark might shift around slightly or significantly, the colors forming different shapes or designs or simple swirls or cloudy patterns.
“Yet,” Ben stated. “I still say he could be plotting something major.”
Tony thought about how sure Pepper was as he removed his suit and got changed into black jeans and an AC/DC t-shirt. Why would she be so confident that Steve had any kind of opinion whatsoever about Tony calling him cute? Steve had been totally silent about it. He hadn’t returned the compliment or even acknowledged it. What was Tony supposed to think?
Steve smiled at her, slightly confused. “Going to the meeting?”
Matt laughed.
Steve tilted his head slightly. “Are you sure? I don’t think it’s fine.”
“Here it comes,” Liam says.
“I know.” Steve smiled at him. “I was already planning on spending my life with you. This isn’t exactly new information.”
“Oh, no. I wouldn’t want to be a third wheel.”
Tony ran a hand through his hair. “Actually, for your information, I have spoken to Steve.” Carol narrowed her eyes. “Earlier today. About the decorations.”
no matter how well-intentioned. I support the privacy of the LGBTQIA+ community. IRT that video, in short: it’s a no from me. 19/19 END
“I didn’t mean bad,” Tony said, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “I just mean… how does it look?”
Matt bit his lower lip. “Yeah, and? What are you going to do about it?”
“Always with an explanation, huh, Stark,” Pietro said, slightly frustrated.
“What?!” Johnny leaned forward, glaring at his sister. “How could you even think that?!”
Tony stared at Steve. “I would have ducked.”
For all the talk of Matt being the Man Without Fear, it was Foggy who made the next move. He bumped his shoulder playfully into Matt’s, loudly announcing, “You kissed me. You kissed me in front of
The bullets ricocheted off of Tony’s armor. “We both knew that wasn’t going to work,” he commented. “And you know I could stop you in your tracks right now, so can we cut to the chase here?”
“Are you nuts?” Jennifer raised an eyebrow very critically. “The last thing you need is a big law firm coming to slam down the little guy. Your reputation took a hit with this guy’s accusations. Luckily, the furor around your soulmark—congratulations, by the way.”
“Fact Channel News, bringing you all the facts as soon as we have them. I’m your host, Cindy Moon. Breaking news from this morning’s Avengers press conference. After an angry attendee threw a brick towards the then-unarmored Tony Stark, Steve Rogers came to his rescue, heroically sweeping the other superhero away from the danger. This move had a surprising result. Watch this clip to see how the events played out.”
1: Steve had never shown an interest in him romantically before their soulmarks appeared.
Rhodey face-palmed. “Tony!”
“My machines are unionizing.”
his throat. “Guess so.”
Spider-Man nodded, holding out his hands. “Of course I had to come over! I saw the news! Congratulations, Tony!”
Tony’s grumble came through as disgruntled static. “No, capsicle. You just said you’d do whatever I wanted.”
a robot?” Tony asked, offended.
Steve looked over to the hallway when he heard approaching footsteps. Bucky came into sight, popping his head in and grinning when he saw Steve, immediately half-jogging into the room.
Sam, Pepper, Clint, Bobbi, and Bruce were waiting in various states of impatience. Sam and Bobbi were making tired small talk, discussing various plans for the day that basically amounted to training and doing a patrol later in the afternoon. Pepper had brought her tablet along and was working on something as she yawned, trying to politely cover her mouth with her coffee cup.
not saying i approve of the craze but i maybe watched 10000 times on repeat… MAYBE #supersoulmates
“For my apartment,” Steve explained. “The one I keep in Brooklyn. I know I stay here a lot of the time, but I thought you should have a key. For the other times.”
Laughing, Matt carefully tugged Foggy away from a thick collection of ice. They walked a bit farther, both considering what to do next. Both knowing what they wanted and thinking, hoping, the other was on the exact same page.
Steve tried to pick the check out of the waitress’ hand, but Tony rolled his eyes and handed her his card.
“Oh, please,” she grumbled, walking out. “I’ll tell Reed before we go to bed. Let me know if there are any important updates in regards to your secret guy.”
“It’s okay if you’re not,” Steve said, understanding as always.
“Hi, this is Trish Walker and you’re listening to Trish Talk. Tonight we’re talking about superhero soulmates. That’s right, the topic on everyone’s minds, Captain America and Iron Man discovering their soulmarks on live television. I mean, if that doesn’t make for good ratings, I don’t know
things Steve wanted to talk about. He was fairly new to relationships in general. Tony had more experience in that department, so he was intensely curious about what Tony was expecting. Steve knew some soulmate couples jumped into a physical relationship straight away while others got to know each other first. There were a lot of different ways people approached the newly-formed soulbond, but the most common trait was that people had just met either at that moment or very recently. Steve had known Tony for years. How could they expect to use relationships between people who were strangers as any kind of litmus test?
[__]  1     < >     <3
“Pepper, want to race back?” Sam asked, hovering a few feet above a nearby building. “Two laps around the city first?”
After it was assembled properly, Castle tested it out for a few moments. It took less than a minute before he nodded. “You kept your word, Stark,” he stated. “I’ll keep mine.”
Hopefully the formatting is okay for everyone to read! Had to spend two hours re-doing it on AO3. Big sigh.
“No need. I’ve got them. And I saved the car, too.” Tony felt pretty good about that.
Fuck.
Yeah, he thought. They were getting there.
Tony laughed at him as he headed out. That was fine with Steve. He could do with hearing Tony laugh a lot more.
“Let me handle this,” Clint said, reaching for the door handle.
The third: Tony was fragile when he wasn’t in the suit. They’d been training to help him develop more fighting skills, but he still had the arc reactor in his chest. The brick could hit that, crack it, and then Tony would go into respiratory failure. Even putting worst-case scenarios aside, any person could be severely injured when hit with a brick. Steve couldn’t chance it.
So. Soulmarks.
“Wow, that was crazy!” Spider-Man enthused. “Does this kind of thing happen a lot?”
“Listen, okay,
Upon reflection, Steve didn’t really know why he was surprised. Times like this, he was absolutely sure he was just as naïve as his critics made him out to be.
“She texted me when she saw the main gate was blocked,” Pepper explained. “I took her up on her offer to help.”
“Shh crach chacka,” Tony mumbled before hanging up.
“In this case, yes.” Foggy tightened his hold on Matt’s arm. “I swear to God, Murdock, if I fall I’m going to complain
They all followed Reed to a nearby room that was home to several large computers. They were running various calculations, but on what, Steve could only guess. He just didn’t have the knowledge and experience Tony and Reed possessed when it came to technology. He didn’t mind it. In fact, it was a benefit to have such intelligent people working together. Steve definitely thought their teams were improved with the wide array of expertise their members owned.
“Well, not straight,” Clint added. “You set him gay.”
“Well, nobody knows who he is,” Peter said, tugging awkwardly on the edge of his shirt. “So it would be pretty challenging to get candid shots of him out of costume.”
so… ???? [11:15 pm]
Steve didn’t like to consider it, but it was more than possible that someone had a lingering grudge against Tony. It might have been from his past as a weapons dealer. It also could have been from one of their many confrontations with villains. Sometimes it was difficult for civilians to understand that they couldn’t guarantee everyone’s safety in every situation. Steve hated thinking of it, but they had suffered civilian casualties before and could very well do so again. When aliens rained hellfire down from the skies, the Avengers certainly couldn’t control who was injured in the attack. Sometimes they were an easy target for retribution, even if they weren’t the cause of the problem in the first place.
“What happened to the power of positive thinking?”
“Well, it is,” Tony hissed. “And don’t think I’m sorry for saying so because I’m
“Nope.” Tony glanced up at Steve before he looked back down at his treat. “Not really.”
As Tony leaned forward, his feet slid off Steve’s lap. “You’re smiling. What are you thinking about?”
Natasha shrugged. “I wasn’t even sure I had a soulmate. I was ready to be with the person I fell in love with, marks or no.”
“Oh, you are? That’s nice.” Tony sounded quite calm. “Bobbi, how do you feel about becoming a widow? Natasha says it’s great. She’s never wrong. She told me so herself.”
Steve made an affirmative noise. “I’d appreciate your input, She-Hulk.”
“Oh boy,” Bobbi said, smirking. “That’s gonna look bad later.”
Tony flew them to the Fantastic Four’s tower. They didn’t speak, but Steve felt Tony’s hand wrapped tightly around him. He didn’t know if that was normal or if he was just more aware of how the armor felt today.
Pepper was already on her phone, speaking to the pizza place they had ordered from. She was most likely informing them of the event. Tony didn’t really know.
“Be right there.” Steve smiled brightly, still chuckling.
“It just is,” he answered. “I can’t explain any more. I’m sorry.”
Bobbi laughed. “I forgot that!” She playfully hit Sam’s shoulder as he passed her. “Doomstadt. Just
Carol pursed her lips. “I know Johnny Storm has a red, white, and blue soulmark. No one’s ever told him it was an American flag.”
he does [8:55 pm]
Tony stiffened but then relaxed, smiling back at him. “I guess we both are.”
Steve smiled at her. “That’s so kind of you, but we don’t need anything in return.”
? From
“Incoming video call,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. announced. Tony wasn’t expecting anyone but he wasn’t surprised when she continued, “Colonel Rhodes, Captain Danvers, Wanda Maximoff, and Vision.”
Johnny clawed his fingers down his face. “I’m such an idiot,” he murmured. “Fuck.”
Steve laughed awkwardly. “For what it’s worth, I like it, too.”
! How am I supposed to confess my undying eternal love for this man with tubes of
Namor raised his eyebrows. “Fine. Stumble along by yourselves.”
Steve nodded. “Doombots.”
“Please, we get it.” Sue laughed. “Doom is one of our ongoing adversaries.”
Jennifer shrugged, her face floating above the nearest worktable. “It’s official. Before it was only conjecture. Now he’s actually filed the papers.”
Just as Steve lifted his hand to knock on Tony’s workshop door, the glass panel slid to the side, opening automatically. “Welcome, Captain Rogers,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “Tony is listening to music. Shall I alert him to your presence?”
wear down a stone.”
—to exist alongside his happiness. That was still new.
A report popped up on the lower left corner of his screen. Tony snorted. “What, you can’t stream fast enough? I have you set to five hundred thousand times faster than normal. Why does that even matter?”
Steve punched the bag hard, whacking it backwards with all the force he could muster.
His eyes softened. He didn’t know what was wrong, but Tony was trying to get something difficult out in the open. This was the man he had long considered to be a partner in every way that mattered. The man he was in love with, who had recently been revealed to be his soulmate. Steve wanted him to feel safe enough to say whatever was on his mind. “Whatever it is, I’m here,” he murmured. “And I’m not going anywhere.”
“How are you holding so many guns at once?”
“A second anniversary is a big deal. I’m not going to round up to it,” Johnny scoffed.
Johnny’s face paled. “Sue, no.”
“And Tony and I weren’t,” Steve finished.
“Yes!” Clint clapped his hands, holding them up above his head in victory. “I always knew this day would come!”
“How could you
Natasha groaned. “What he
,” Johnny said. “But you can’t reveal the identities of international men of mystery. And you know that.”
“Oh my God, we’re helping
Sam lifted one shoulder in a half-shrug. “Nah, I gotta agree with Clint. Nobody is ever going to doubt Tony’s dedication to America.”
Tony snorted. “With that outfit, I’m not surprised.”
“So it’s just me then,” Tony replied. “Great. Fabulous. Wonderful.”
Foggy stood up so quickly his knees banged into the edge of the small table he’d been hoarding like gold at one of the busiest Starbucks in the area. “Holy shit,” he breathed. “Holy shit, Matt. That’s Captain America.”
“—fact is we have no idea the reason behind the man’s assault, but Rogers protected Stark in a natural way, raising suspicions that the two have been closer than suspected for—”
“Happy Hanukkah, Maximoffs.”
Namor did something with his mouth that caused Reed to blush and remove his hand. “Do not attempt to silence me, Reed. It will not work.” He looked to Tony. “You and Steve are now kings of earth, yes?”
“Oh, that’s not really—” Steve began, but Tony cut him off.
,” Foggy squealed, totally thrilled. “Am I dreaming?”
“Well… yes,” Steve replied. “That’s also why I’m so… happy, that we matched.” He smiled. “You’re worth the wait.”
“I trust F.R.I.D.A.Y.,” Steve said. “Don’t worry, shellhead. I’ll see you in a minute.”
“I’m not disagreeing. I think it’s always awesome when people find their soulmates. But don’t you want to talk about what this means?”
Johnny slid to his feet, spreading his hands out wide, needing to nip this in the bud
They were both quiet. Johnny knew she was right, but he couldn’t think about it like that. It hadn’t been fair to cut Sue and the rest out of this major part of his life. Peter needed him to, so he’d done it. Johnny would do it again. He had never liked it, but that wasn’t his call.
“After all this time!”
And I’ll do it again [9:08 pm]
Tony scratched his finger against his forehead. Fine. He needed to get Steve something that would really wow him. Something that would really show him that Tony would make a fantastic romantic partner.
“Nah, just whatever’s on.” Tony muted the television and readjusted himself to face Steve easier. “It’s late for you to be wandering around.”
“You’re a mess,” Rhodey stated. “The two of you. An utter mess. I’ve never seen such a shitshow in my life.”
All I can say is that I feel for Steve and Tony—on a very real, very visceral level. They were denied the private experience most of us 13/?
When Steve finished, a few hands popped up among the reporters. There typically weren’t that many questions to answer, and he was honestly happy to see that it would probably take ten minutes or less to get through everyone.
ttyt j [11:18 pm]
“Some of them did, for sure.” Bobbi sounded like she wasn’t surprised. Steve didn’t see how she could have predicted this. “But a lot of them were probably called in.”
Steve frowned. “Tony. It should be private.”
“See you around, Tony. Cap.” Daredevil nodded at them one at a time before he vaulted away, parkouring up the side of a building in a way that was needlessly dangerous and incredibly showy.
Steve nodded. “Of course.” Right as Tony was walking by, Steve grabbed his arm. “Nat and Buck are sparring, if you want to hit two birds with one stone.”
Tony groaned. “Put it through.”
Johnny held out his hands. “I can’t tell you. You know that.”
. I said you’d never guess, that’s happened at least five times already, come on, work with me here, Cap.”
Except, of course, for Clint. “You have an American flag covering half your face.”
Tony dropped his head on his worktable. He only had a few facts to work with when it came to his soulmate. Absolute facts that he was sure of, not ideas and hypotheses. He had to work with what was known first. He could progress from there.
Steve groaned. “I did not—” He cut himself off, deciding to go another way. “I was
Namor leveled an unimpressed look at Tony. “Your soulmate is stronger, faster, and overall vastly improved from the average human. You should accept his protection with grace.” He paused briefly. “He is also quite attractive. Far more so than you deserve.”
Tony nodded. “Okay, look. I know you’ve been going back and forth between the good guy, bad guy thing—”
“It’s been hours,” Carol deadpanned.
Steve raised both hands in surrender as he backed up towards the exit. “I’ll leave you to it.” He walked out to the familiar sounds of them sparring. It made him smile. They were so good for each other. They fit together perfectly—just like soulmates should.
“Very true,” Steve agreed. “I collected fourteen so far. There seems to be less out here this time.”
“Captain Rogers, isn’t homosexuality something you grew up believing was wrong? How do you reconcile—”
“—you’d better be really
“Your suit came alive and wanted to date you.”
“All right, all right,” Steve said, laughing. “Let’s get off comms. Take a minute to relax before the debrief.”
“I’m saying I found you the perfect law firm. Small, only takes a few cases a year because that’s all they can handle. Most of their clients don’t even pay them, so they’re struggling and desperate for business.”
“Are Steve and Tony dating?”
Tony made a face. “You’re welcome?”
Tony’s face twitched as the armor finished covering his body. “You’re being too friendly,” he accused. “What? Do you want an upgrade, too? Are you jealous?”
His soulmate didn’t want him.
“It’s not my fault people love me.” Tony sighed heavily. “It’s a burden I have to bear.” An alert went off in his helmet as a horde of bots began to swarm the cars, crawling out of the sewers and causing people to panic.
“Oh,” Foggy gasped. “Iron Man. That’s… okay.”
“I thought we had. At least when you were conducting your research on them.”
you during that fight? Could’ve used the backup.”
“It is possible your suit of armor might have feelings for the Captain,” Vision answered. “Have you asked it?”
Wanda’s face became concerned. “Why wouldn’t they?”
[__]  2     < >     <3  1
“Yes,” Namor stated.
a present type?” Tony immediately answered with a laugh.
Tony’s eyes narrowed in concern. “Steve…” Suddenly Tony was walking forward, getting right up in Steve’s face. “You’re crying.”
Johnny laughed, but Peter could hear how strained it was. “I tried to convince them you were a 007 agent. It didn’t really work.”
A web shot out and opened the top box of the tower of pizzas. Another web flung out, caught two pieces, and brought them up to the corner. Spider-Man pulled up the bottom half of his mask and began to eat.
Someone banged on the door. Loudly. Startled, Steve looked over to see a camera pressed close to the window.
“Have fun, Brucie,” Tony said, flying higher to track some that were climbing along the roofs of a few nearby buildings. It was incredibly suspicious that they were traveling both under the city infrastructure and along the skyline. “Are they programmed to circle the area? Enclose it?”
“Not this time,” Tony muttered as he aimed a repulsor blast that knocked out the entire batch of them. “Cap, one of them was projecting a hologram of Iron Man wrecking a car.”
Steve for fucks sake [9:03 pm]
“A reporter tried to say I was a homophobe,” Steve spat out, obviously still irritated. “I set him straight.”
“The truth comes out.”
“I think it’d be good,” Rhodey replied. “Steve’s always saying he needs more paint.”
Rhodey scoffed. “I’m having foursomes in space with three of the most powerful people in existence. What do I have to complain about?”
“Fair. Counterpoint. If everyone had a state-of-the-art suit, it wouldn’t matter.”
“What do you think about them? Have people’s opinions changed since the forties?”
Steve knocked on the door to Tony’s workshop. “Hey, Tone? Can I come in?” The door opened automatically. Steve walked in, scanning the area for Tony. The workshop was usually a mixture of careful organization and uncontrolled chaos. Steve had learned a while ago how to navigate it. He followed the sound of muted rock music from speakers near a worktable in the far corner of the room.
Raising an eyebrow archly, Natasha quipped, “I’ve supported you making an ass of yourself more times than I can remember, Steve. Not gonna stop now.”
Sue raised an eyebrow. “I heard he’s suing.”
[8:55 pm] Besides, he already knows.
open that door!”
Steve groaned. “Clint!”
Steve and Tony exchanged a surprised look. Steve knew Tony would have reported something like that, and, based on how shocked Tony was, Steve assumed nothing of the sort had happened.
The car pulled to a stop earlier than anticipated. Tony looked up towards the windshield, and Steve craned his neck to try to see what the issue was. It wasn’t hard to spot. About fifty news vans had gathered in front of Avengers Tower, five times as many as had been at Central Park—what, ten minutes ago—and more were speeding down the road, some with a door thrown open and a camera sticking out, already rolling to get footage. Of what, Steve wanted to know. Of their car waiting for the vans to move so they could enter?
Castle shrugged. “I know where he’s going. You’ve got five minutes.”
“We’ll figure it out, shellhead. We always do.”
“Welcome back to another episode of The Superhero Report, a podcast that keeps you up-to-date on all things superhero. I’m Flash Thompson, and—”
Tony groaned, letting his forehead hit the edge of the table. He was going to have to figure it out. Soon.
“Ball’s in your court,” Natasha replied.
“Hm.”
Sue nodded so hard Steve thought she might have cracked her neck. “
“Whoever they are, they’re long gone by now,” Steve replied. “We already sent the data from the fight to Reed. He’ll start working on those bots from your truck in the morning. And we haven’t eaten yet.”
Peter choked. “How am I supposed to—can’t we not
Once all the bots were collected, including the ones left behind by the Hulk in the sewers, Tony closed the back of the truck and locked it. The truck was a self-driving model that Tony sent on its way to the Fantastic Four’s tower. After that was done, he turned around to look at the three men standing near him.
An alert popped up showing Steve running to the roof. Just as the door was thrown open, Tony took off, circling around to grab Steve, who immediately threw his arms around Tony without question.
[9:23 pm] Compliments don’t equal love, Nat.
“Is…” The man took a deep breath, gathering his courage. “Is he okay?”
Bucky’s eyebrows rose. “Every channel? Wow. Guess you’re the top news story today, Steve.”
Namor rolled his eyes. “Congratulations on your soulmate match.”
Steve’s blush turned extremely red. “Should I… not be?”
! You were in
Tony waved a hand. “Yes, thanks, we’re very happy, what are you saying now?”
“Cut the chatter,” Steve said, using his authoritative commander voice. “We’ve got work to do.”
“Your legal team makes it look like the big guy versus the little guy, and everyone will be on the side of the little guy. I’m a superhero and a part-time Avenger, so I have too much personal interest in this case. The guys I found you are perfect for this.”
[11:16 pm] i’m busy 2nite w/ff
“What?” Tony asked, looking between them. “What’s happening?”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You’re a hopeless romantic, aren’t you?”
Daredevil pocketed it. “Don’t know how much I’ll be joining you. I mostly work at night.” He grinned.
“Captain Rogers is bringing his art supplies. I calculate there is a 92.7% chance he will not bother you.”
Four faces appeared on a holographic screen in front of him. Three excited and one hard to read, but at least he was trying. Tony could appreciate that.
“If it’s somebody… bad or, or weird, it’s okay. We won’t judge.”
deal for you,” Tony stated. “State-of-the-art equipment for basic human decency. I would literally not offer this to anyone else.”
“You know you don’t have to knock,” Tony said. “I already said you’re welcome whenever you want.”
. And yet, nothing. No mark anywhere on his hands. Or his arms. Or his shoulders, chest, back, legs, and feet. He’d checked. He’d checked
“Sweet,” Spider-Man said, taking it and sliding it into… a pocket? Maybe? Hopefully.
She snorted. “Not like that—although, now that you mention it—”
“Please. You picked me up and threw me in circles,” Bucky recalled. He let Steve go and leaned back against the couch. “You’re lucky I’m not doing that shit.”
Tony blew out a breath. “I feel like we’re dating,” he blurted out.
“I wish you wouldn’t do that,” Tony complained. His arms flexed around Steve, ensuring he had a secure grip on him before flying on. “You know it makes me nervous.”
“Thanos,” Tony said, nodding.
“Nice doing business with you.” Castle walked off, and Tony just shook his head. It would be worth it; he knew that. But that man was extremely grating.
“Fancy meeting you here.”
[__]  1     < >     <3
“But you do know who he is under the mask?” Sue asked, narrowing her eyes critically.
Tony pointed at Castle, saying, “That’s it. Exactly that. I’ve
“Aren’t you freaking out? Panicking?” Tony shrugged. “Worrying about our relationship?”
to that whole America theme.”
This was a mess. If Tony was smart, he’d go and talk to Steve right now. Clear up all this nonsense. They were friends, weren’t they? Steve would be reasonable. Even if he didn’t want a romance out of this, they could at least talk it out.
Tony groaned. “Bobbi!”
Tony didn’t know. Of course he wanted to be with the man he loved. But shouldn’t it matter that Steve hadn’t made a move before, even when Tony obviously flirted with him?
“What, ours?” Steve asked, surprised.
[8:51 pm] Sam told you?
@ChaseChaseChase @FarLeftDinoFem AWWWWWWW NOW KISS
Tony’s eyebrow rose. “Castle’s after a small-time crook? Really? Why?”
The Stein @ChaseChaseChase * 5m
“So Captain America thinks we’re married,” Foggy blurted out. He laughed once, loudly, then immediately stopped. “That’s… something.”
Peter felt slightly relieved to finally understand why he’d been called in to Jameson’s office. “You mean the Captain America-Iron Man soulmate thing, right?”
Of all the times he had wished for Steve to mark him—and there had been many,
Rhodey groaned. “Not for Steve, it’s not.”
Natasha cut Bucky off as she grabbed his arm, forcefully twisting it until his hand opened, revealing a hidden miniature gun that clattered to the floor. “The only person pistol-whipping anyone here is
“Because you won’t
were always going to have to deal with media attention when they matched. But this is a level I doubt anyone expects to have to endure. 16/?
“It’s so nice to meet you,” Foggy said, shaking Steve’s hand before it was offered.
Steve wanted to reply immediately, but the waitress delivered their plates of food and Tony began eating right away. They lapsed into companionable silence. Steve slowly ate his cheeseburger, briefly checking the menu to see if he wanted anything for dessert. Tony put his feet up on Steve’s knees.
Tony’s hands dropped. “
Carol shook her head, smiling at Wanda. “None taken, sweetheart. We know what you meant.” She sighed. “It is
“Art supplies,” Carol stated.
this is all your fault [9:25 pm]
“Heard you flirted with him on mission earlier today?” Carol asked, acting innocent.
“You called him cute and he didn’t even pause,” Pepper explained. “Tony, that’s great! You’re wearing him down.”
“Wanda and Strange are two very different people,” Steve objected.
Reed stretched his arm to grab onto Johnny’s shoulder. “Steve and Tony are here.”
Sam shook his head. “I’d divorce him.”
A man waved at Tony. “Were you able to collect some of the machine parts? Will we see any modifications on the Iron Man suit based on them?”
“Look, I’ve been learning the power of positive thinking.” Bucky spread out his hands. “Things will work out. Tony already asked you for a date. All you’ve gotta do is say yes.”
Steve wiped his eyes again, clearing his throat as he tried to concentrate on what Tony was saying. “No? What no?”
Tony made a considering noise and kept eating.
“Me too. It’s catchy.”
“Anyway, he told me that you’d be able to help me pick out a nice gift,” Steve continued. “I’m looking for something that’s appropriate for a personal gift. Something fashionable. Expensive, probably.”
Steve sucked in a breath. “This could prove your innocence.”
Tony’s eyes widened. This was the end of his one-night stands. Not that he had all that many, especially recently, but there was no way anyone was going to risk the kind of bad press and smear campaigns that would come from sleeping with Captain America’s soulmate.
met him?”
RAINBOWS @majesticdean * 32m
[__]  1     < >     <3
Tony reached up to touch his cheek, running his fingers slightly along his skin. Then he jerked his hand back down to his lap.
Now, sitting here with the man he’d admired for years, Steve realized there was never going to be a good time to tell Tony the truth. Maybe Tony wasn’t averse to the idea of a non-soulmate romance. They could have a good relationship even without marks. And what was the point in waiting around eternally? Neither of them had found their matches yet, after all. They might never.
Steve felt it like a punch in the gut. He immediately understood. He just couldn’t do a single damn thing about it.
Tony laughed. “I know you’re hot for the suit, but try to contain your lust until the two of you are alone.” His helmet fell down over his face as the eyes of the faceplate lit up.
“You shouldn’t. This is a
But as Tony’s eyes slid back to the mirror, he couldn’t help feeling doubtful. Steve had put an American flag on his face. If Steve rejected him, who else was going to want him? Nobody was
[8:41 pm] How was your mission with Nat?
was that, you know, uh.” He glanced at Natasha. She nodded towards Steve. “Well,
In that toxic environment, it’s vastly difficult for most average men to come out. This is also backed up by evidence such as statistics 3/?
They looked at each other and laughed. Rhodey gestured for Carol to go. She grinned widely at Tony. “How excited are you? Scale of one to a hundred?”
“You,” Steve said, shrugging. “This is nice, that’s all.”
“Not balls, though,” Jameson interrupted, chugging on his cigar in a highly uncomfortable way. “Nobody pays to see balls.”
soulmates before he even got his first.
“They’re great at parties,” Carol quipped.
Tony gave a loud, non-humorous laugh. “
Tony didn’t.
Tony playfully kicked Steve with his other foot. “You just want me all to yourself.”
. Of course, more bandwidth, servers, and security measures have been built into our favorite sites since then, but the more interesting result of that union was a broader discussion and acceptance of soulmate matches with more than two people involved. The resulting wedding of Reed, Sue, and Namor had so many party crashers and paparazzi, they had to close ten blocks around the site with police barricades and superhero intervention. The Advocate called it ‘the single most important event in striding forward on issues of equality for unconventional soulmates’. It certainly had an effect on international relations, too, since Atlantis became a formally recognized ally of the United States.”
invigorated shouting, pointing, and rapid clicks and flashes from cameras alerted Tony that something was up. He looked up at Steve, spreading his hands out. “What’s going on?”
“Welcome back to The Stephen Colbert Show. I’m your host, Stephen Colbert.”
[Unlisted Number]
“By cheating!” Sam crowed, shaking his head in disbelief.
soulmark with Namor, King of Atlantis and, let’s be honest, infamous troublemaker. Dubbed ‘the threesome that flooded the world’, the sheer amount of analysis, critique, and thought pieces that were produced about them in a relatively short period of time did, in fact, flood the internet until social media crashed for
Matt felt a smile trip along the edge of his mouth. “Are we assuming a romantic gift?”
Steve quickly exclaimed, “I love your goatee!” He blushed but let the comment stand.
With that firmly in mind, Tony made his way to the briefing room on the main floor, figuring he would be one of the last ones there. Surprisingly, he arrived before most of the others. Including Steve.
The silence was long.
Matt grinned. “He loves the holidays. Trust me, he’ll be thrilled.”
“I do,” Tony breathed out. He was struggling to say something, but Steve couldn’t determine what it was. “Steve, I really do.” He swallowed. “I want this. I want to be with you.”
Tony looked over at Pepper, shaking his head. “Pep, I-I…”
Bruce’s shoulders shook as he silently laughed. “Yeah, Tony. I’ll try.”
“I paid his bail,” Tony said like it was no big deal.
Steve took a moment to collect himself. Then he calmly stated, “Namor, I appreciate that you’re trying to help. But the kind of help you give is not what we need right now.”
“I trust you. For some reason.” Steve paused. “You know, you sound familiar.”
“Good idea, shellhead,” Steve said.
Reed stretched his arm out, using his superpower to clap his hand over Namor’s mouth. Steve laughed. He really couldn’t help it.
“Surprises abound as the two men are faced with a sudden influx of questions! Let’s see what they say! Stay on them, don’t lose them!”
Steve looked out and saw Sam and Bobbi were speaking with a police officer. Good. He knew they’d take care of the situation until Tony decided what he wanted to do. Bruce and Clint began walking offstage—Clint smirking at them and Bruce searching for the car.
I see.” He nodded at the screen. “It was a joke. Ha!”
Johnny stared up at the ceiling as he made circles, his thoughts matching his actions. He was getting tired of hiding Peter. He knew why he had to keep Peter’s identity a secret. It just… didn’t matter anymore.
Daredevil stood up and leaned against the telephone pole, casually shrugging. “I heard you might need some help with the robots.”
“Of course there’s a chance,” Reed answered. “But statistically speaking, it’s highly unlikely that Victor would allow someone to use his tech or launch an attack without announcing himself.”
“No, it’s good, thanks, bye,” Spider-Man said, shooting out a web and swinging away.
Matt nodded. “No, we get it. Don’t worry.”
The waitress brought their milkshakes, and, after thanking her again, they got to work. Steve had been incredibly happy to know that a lot of things he enjoyed still existed in the future. Milkshakes were one of them. He happily sipped his as he thought about how lucky he was. He’d survived one of the deadliest wars in history only to end up in the future, drinking milkshakes with his soulmate. It really was amazing.
Bucky’s joy broke some kind of barrier that had been constructed from the relentless media presence and Tony’s abrupt disappearance. Even if there were some issues he had to address, Bucky was right. He had matched with his soulmate after decades of waiting—both in the ‘40s and after he’d woken up. And his soulmate was the man he’d been hoping for.
wrong.”
In less than three minutes, Tony flew up to Steve’s floor, ready to pick him up. Instead, he saw Steve jump out the window. Tony cursed and zoomed forward, catching him near instantaneously.
“As expected, the Avengers have the situation immediately under control. Maybe we can get some answers before—”
Bucky slapped Steve’s shoulder with the back of his hand. “Stevie! That’s amazing!” He gestured to Steve’s soulmark on his left palm. “You finally got it! With
“Yup.” Tony removed his helmet and glanced at Pepper. “Did you win?”
Steve blinked quickly. “Oh, yeah. No, I understand. Don’t worry about it.”
“Tony,” Steve whispered, anything else he wanted to say getting lost in the sudden shuffle.
Castle walked over and picked them up, wasting no time in strapping the individual armor pieces to his body. Tony waited patiently, knowing Castle wasn’t the type of guy who wanted conversation or assistance of any kind while he was checking out a new set of armor.
[__]  1     < >     <3
“Go away, Gollum!” Tony shuddered and slapped the camera away, turning off the call before they could respond.
“Okay, that’s it.” Cassie’s booming voice crackled through the car, shocking everyone. “I’ve asked you all politely. Now you’re just being difficult.”
“So sorry,” Foggy said in a squeak. “I’m having palpitations.”
Steve spun around on his heel, marching forward to the reporter who asked that question. “I have never believed loving another person was wrong.” His voice was steel, unshakable. “I fought Red Skull. I punched Hitler. I’ve defeated Hydra and Nazis. Repeatedly. I have always stood against bigotry, tyranny, and fascism of all kinds.” He gave the reporter an unimpressed look. “Maybe pick up a history book, son. Learn something.”
Steve was used to joining Tony when he saw the opportunity, so he turned and headed in to sit on the opposite side of the couch Tony was currently occupying. “Hey, shellhead,” he greeted. “Watching anything good?”
Tony looked confused. “Yeah, I’m fine, Cap.”
Tony set down on a street corner, allowing Steve to begin assessing the situation and giving orders. “What, you’re a mind reader now?”
There was a companionable pause. It had been a long time since Steve had spoken to a stranger one-on-one like this. Even with the odd situation—after one in the morning, Tony asleep in his arms, and knowing photos had been taken of them without his consent—he still felt at peace. People like this were why he kept on fighting.
[__]  1     < >  5     <3  5
She put a hand up to her heart. “Your forwardness wounds me. I’m just wondering if you—”
Castle shook his head. “You people put too much faith in the law.” He gestured to the police officers in front of them, who had just captured the robber and were currently interrogating the owners of the last house he’d hit. “These people? They’re just people. They make mistakes as much as any of us.”
Carol stared at Tony. “So don’t ask. Open the faceplate, kiss him, then close the plate again.” She eyed him with severe criticism. “Don’t you have a degree in something?”
God, were they
“Um, excuse you, there is something
“Do you enjoy mother-henning me?”
9: People pushed for romance when they matched. These people usually had just met. They had no history to worry about or consider when moving forward in a relationship.
Clint slapped his hand over Bobbi’s mouth. “Please don’t. I’ll have
12: Steve would most likely consider being with other people to be cheating, at this point.
“Hey.” Steve swallowed. “We really have to talk.”
Tony laughed. “This is you not pushing?”
Ben shook his head. “The last thing we need is supervillain copycats, stretch.”
Tony snorted. “No, Pep, come on. You know Steve. That man doesn’t wear down. Like a stone in the sea. He’s just
@majesticdean @niconoir Don’t even get me started on the racist and biphobic hypersexualization of Asian and bisexual women!
, for decades. Although no one knows exactly when they discovered their soulmarks, the entire situation begs the question of how to handle a soulmate who simply isn’t made for you. Or, more realistically, if life forces you apart from your soulmate, and you can’t live together, can’t get along, can barely
“Iron Man,” Castle—well, not greeted, but at least acknowledged.
“Wow,” Tony said as he sat down in the chair directly to the right of the head of the table. “I’m early.”
Steve laughed once, sharply. “Oh, thanks.” He smacked Bucky in the chest. “Some friend you are!”
Don’t ignore me [9:40 pm]
“Shut up, Steven,” Tony muttered.
amusement of everyone else. The appeal of the video is obvious, but I simply can’t condone putting anyone through this harassment, 18/?
Steve rolled his eyes. “I’m pretty sure T’Challa will gracefully accept your well-wishes, Tone. He’s never been anything but… well, kingly.” Steve looked over at Thor, who was laughing loudly and patting Loki’s back too hard. “As for Thor, I doubt there’s much he’d take offense to.”
Turned out to be Sue. “It’s not really relevant. Johnny never wants to talk about his secret boyfriend. That’s all.”
Tony tapped at his phone for a minute before saying, “Here it is. Nelson and Murdock. Never heard of them.”
Tony snorted. “It’s the freaking American flag.”
She shrunk down and headed out with Pepper, leaving the rest of the team standing there.
Steve nodded. Their lips met somewhere in the middle, casually distorting the hologram floating next to them.
Steve shook his head. “No, nothing.” He threw up a hand in irritation. “And that’s the problem! Tony’s
Clint swallowed his gulp of coffee with deep satisfaction. “No need. This is fine.”
Carol pulled Wanda in for a tight hug. “I’m so happy we found you,” she murmured. Then she held her arm out for Rhodey, who easily joined in hugging their newfound third soulmate.
“Well what do you suggest?” Tony asked, trying to contain his grumpiness. They were his friends, after all. They were trying to help.
Tony pressed his lips together. “I appreciate the advice, but you walk around mostly naked, so I’m not really sure—“
This was it. Today was the day he finally got his soulmark. Technically, yesterday. But he had it—that was what mattered. His soulmate was the person he’d dreamed about. It couldn’t have worked out more perfectly. Except for the media frenzy, but Steve knew it couldn’t go on for too much longer.
“Smart,” Bruce commented. “Very smart.”
“I’m working on it,” Bucky snapped. “Listen, we just need to get you feeling confident.”
which is crazy [8:42 pm]
angry with—” He cut himself off with a gasp.
Everyone laughs. Taliesin nods to Laura. “It’s true,” he says.
Tony stared at him for a minute before he reached into his pocket and pulled out a very similar small present. “Okay. This is for you.”
“Let me know if there’s a problem with your access,” Reed said, already focusing back on the computers running his program.
“What, Tony, I don’t understand,” Steve said, holding a hand out in a soft, pleading gesture. “You have to know I love you.”
“That’s not using your words.” Tony bit his lower lip and moved his hand to hold onto Steve’s hip.
The punching bags in the gym were reinforced, which he knew from extensive training sessions. That was good. Steve needed to let loose. He slowly circled the bag, throwing an occasional jab, forcing himself to stay focused, to not let his mind wander off. Again.
Tony groaned. “Fine! I’ll put it on our calendar.” He fiddled with his phone a bit more.
Steve shook his hand, eyebrows rising at the strong grip. “Anytime.” He let go, inspected the man in front of him, and waited a beat before saying, “You look really good.”
“Um… yes?” Peter had only just stepped foot into Jameson’s office, and he was already regretting it.
do that? And instead, you man up and go tell him how you feel?”
“Thanos,” Steve agreed. “Still, you should know. My answer is yes. I’d love to go out with you.”
The damn wire casing was just a fraction of a millimeter too big. It didn’t sound like a huge problem, but it could cause extra friction when he released a pulse beam. Tony sighed and began extracting the wire, thinking of how he could rework it to ensure there wouldn’t be any type of blowback. Electricity was simple enough to work with due to its very clear rules. Those same rules could be head-bangingly frustrating due to their unyielding nature.
can’t get away, or move your minions around, or transport anything like supplies or bombs or what-have-you.” Tony spun around in the air, deftly avoiding a missile heading directly for him. “At least figure out some way to actually move your shit. Transportation is key in any plan, am I right? I’m right.”
“It’s just Steve. No need to be so formal.”
Steve let out a small laugh. “You’ve gotta give it to her. She’s really trying.”
want that.”
Thanks for all the kudos, comments, and bookmarks! I'm so happy you're enjoying the fic! This chapter is my favorite one so far. <3
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 4m
Tony rolled his eyes. “Of course that’s your take.” He flicked the design he was working on to the side, moving the neon blue hologram out of the way. “So what do you want?”
“Yes,” Carol answered. “Thanks so much. It’s hard for us to keep in contact. Out here. In space.”
It was impossible to get away from. Steve was trying to relax, to just give Tony some time before they talked. He thought he’d get his mind off it by watching some TV, but every channel was playing the clips from the press conference or discussing it as if it was a vital news event.
Foggy nodded, too. “
Steve frowned at Bucky. “But you didn’t.” He gestured to Natasha. “You found each other. Regardless of time travel and mind control and spy organizations all doing their best to keep you apart, you still found each other.”
“Sam,” Steve began, fuming. “Sam, he
“His name is Erik,” Pietro stated.
“Matt, you didn’t tell me you knew a real-life
Ben frowned. “I hate the guy, too, but he does rule a country.”
“Without them seeing?”
Tony groaned loudly. “All of my machines like you better than me. Why am I not surprised?”
Sue stepped forward and grabbed onto Johnny’s arm, pulling him in for a hug. “Stop that,” she mumbled into his shoulder. “You’re not an idiot.”
The burger place they liked didn’t usually have a crowd Thursday nights after midnight, and tonight was no exception. Steve couldn’t be happier. Part of the reason he frequented the place was there typically weren’t too many people staring at him. Of course there were ways he could minimize being recognized. He tried to go out in civilian clothes, but this time he was in full Captain America regalia, so he was bound to get more attention than usual.
Steve tried to stay serious, but Tony detected a note of amusement in his voice. “We’re always fighting robots. They never take space honeymoons. We can give them a break, can’t we?”
Steve laughed. “True. But late-night missions are always a hassle.”
@majesticdean youre a pretty white lesbian. you basically get a pass for everything ever.
“We’ve got to meet with the Fantastic Four after this,” Steve said, moving to the side so Tony could walk by.
Steve’s eyes narrowed. “I would take this stance for anyone on the team. I know we don’t usually work together, but you should at least know that much about me.” He let go of Pietro’s shoulder once there was a bit of distance between him and Tony.
“Is it really a pet name when it’s an official title?”
“Give us a minute,” Tony murmured into Steve’s mouth.
Bucky shook his head. “Can’t say. Top secret.”
Her safety was of paramount importance. Peter had already lost too many people. But that wasn’t fair to Johnny. It hadn’t been fair for nearly two years now, since the first time they’d touched and discovered they were soulmates. Spider-Man and the Human Torch had been hanging out on a rooftop during a patrol, eating some burritos and chilling while waiting for villainy to strike. Peter had removed his gloves so he wouldn’t ruin them, Johnny had made a stupid joke, and, without really thinking about it, Peter had reached out and pinched Johnny’s ear, groaning at the dumb comment. Then he removed his hand, saw Johnny’s mark, stared down at his own, and immediately had to make some really hard decisions.
“You seem distracted,” Tony said, one eyebrow raised. “Sure you’re ready to face all those cameras?”
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “There’s a blanket. Come on. I value my eyesight too much for that.”
“I thought it might just be me,” Tony said. “But you just gave me a key to your apartment, so now I’m thinking maybe I should’ve asked a few years ago.”
“Yep,” Steve said, moving forward with a confidence he didn’t feel. At all. He wrapped both arms around Tony’s neck and, before he could think too much about it, pressed his mouth to the mouthpiece on Tony’s armor.
Namor strode forward with the confident impatience he did everything in his life with. Sue and Reed moved easily after him, and Steve held the door open for Tony, who squeezed his waist as he walked by.
“Kiss you again.” Foggy rolled his eyes. “Obviously.”
Steve’s brow furrowed. He opened his mouth to respond but, upon looking at how Tony was struggling to speak, ended up just waiting to see what his soulmate would say.
Promoted by The Daily Bugle
,” she began with a significant look in Bucky’s direction, “is that a lot of people get together with people who are not their soulmates. Some people never even meet their soulmates. The existence of soulmates doesn’t immediately negate other romantic possibilities, Steve.”
After dropping Cap off and removing his armor, Tony headed to his workshop. He wanted to get to work on monitoring Reed’s program as soon as possible. The idea that someone was out there intentionally restructuring Doom’s technology for some purpose—most likely nefarious—just about made Tony go into immediate panic mode. Doom had a lot of dangerous toys. Tony was more than familiar with how bad it could get the farther down the rabbit hole you fell. He had spent years trying to make up for the damage he’d done with his military contracts. Of course, he’d never be able to, but he could still be a watchdog and shut it down when others tried.
that? That’s like
“I thought we were supposed to wait until midnight to kiss,” Steve murmured.
“Looks like it’s time to go,” Spider-Man said. He shoved the second piece in his mouth and shot out a web to grab two more.
Tony laughed. “Of course it is.”
“You’re quite welcome,” Tony replied. “Did you mean it?”
“Jesus Christ, Tony,” Rhodey sighed, briefly massaging his temple. “He’s your soulmate. What are you doing?”
Tony lifted his glass of apple cider—not in a toast, rather more similar to how he would lift his gauntlet in the middle of a battle. “I’m not saying you’re wrong.” He took a slow sip. “But you
So what did that mean for him? Steve wasn’t entirely sure. He knew he didn’t want to live alone. He wanted more than friends. If that was selfish, so be it. He wanted a lover. Someday, a family. When he envisioned that future for himself, it was always with Tony. He tried to imagine a soulmate out there, waiting for him, but that was a blank. At best, a blurry image that never seemed to coalesce into something tangible.
“There’s enough of Doom’s original machinery and source code that it’s unlikely to be an accident or coincidence,” Reed explained. “If it’s not from Doom himself, the most likely scenario is that someone picked up some of his discarded tech and used it as a base. Maybe they were able to reverse-engineer the code. I’d have to do a more thorough investigation. But Doom normally announces his attacks and there’s been nothing.”
Tony stood up straight. He slowly took the box, smiling at Steve. “You didn’t have to get me anything.”
, so at least it has better taste now if it’s going after him.”
Pepper ran up to him as he walked to the front door. “Steve! What are you doing?”
Steve laughed, good-natured even when he was tired. “Okay, all right. Good work, everyone. Let’s head back to the Tower.”
to. Be unique! Be memorable! Be unforgettable!
Tony stared at his list, reading it over once, then a second time. He was certain each item was correct. He just didn’t know what to do with it all. One thought kept circling. He absolutely could
“Yup,” Pepper happily replied.
“Ahhh… no,” Tony replied. “You must have him confused with… some… other person.”
Tell him you’re in love with him [9:03 pm]
What with Billy and Tommy out as Young Avengers and Viv on her own team—was it the Champions, or did they already disband? He wasn’t entirely sure. He could ask Ironheart, but all the kids tended to run off and do their own thing. Maybe Clint would know. He wasn’t really an adult yet. Tony sighed. “I’m getting old. Babysitting the new teams. I’ll throw my back out. Join Steve in the nursing home.”
And, if that all went well, maybe there were a few
head,” Tony retorted.
Steve’s mouth thinned. He couldn’t have that on his conscience. Still, he didn’t think it was right for paparazzi to take pictures of them without them knowing. Before he could think of how to reply and somehow salvage the situation, the man took a short step towards them, peering at Tony.
“Babe, I’d never see it coming, so why sweat the details?” Bucky shrugged, reaching forward to bring Natasha in closer to him. “Doesn’t it make more sense to bask in the generous benevolence of some higher universal power and accept the beautiful soulmate I was—”
Steve nodded at the reporters and smiled as he greeted them. “Good morning! Thanks for showing up this early. We’ll try to keep this quick so you all can get on with your day.” He’d keep the comments on task and not worry about anything unless a threat presented itself. For all he knew, they were only there to ask a few questions. No need to create a problem where none existed.
Face it, people who stand out are more likely to have others notice them. You want people shaking your hand? Make them
a car anymore. But there were also the cameras outside. It wouldn’t look good if Bruce lost control like this.
“I don’t want people to think they can’t protest against us, either. But I won’t stand for physical attacks. That’s crossing the line.” Steve shook his head, unable to believe Tony didn’t get that.
The camera pans out to include two side of a large table. The top image shows three players—from left to right: Travis Willingham, Marisha Ray, and Liam O’Brien. The bottom image shows three players—from left to right: Sam Riegel, Laura Bailey, and Taliesin Jaffe. Marisha Ray is dressed up in a cosplay of Steve—her hair hidden by a short blonde wig, a no-sleeve shirt with the Captain America chestplate printed on it, and a smaller shield that she holds up to the camera.
Tony held up his hands. “No, I get it. Steve’s gorgeous. I don’t think anybody questions that.”
Tony bit his lower lip, holding back his reaction. “Aren’t you married to two humans?”
“Well, I could, but I’d want to do more testing before I implemented anything that unstable.”
Waving didn’t seem appropriate. Steve knew Tony had worked with the military in an auxiliary capacity, but it was hard to explain the bone-deep need Steve had to return the respect he was being shown. After all, weren’t they both soldiers, serving their country? For all Steve knew, this man had served in the same war as he did.
Tony groaned. “That’s what I’m talking about. Bad guys are the ones who kill people. That’s the line, Castle. That’s where you have to make a stand.”
!” Spider-Man said before back-flipping over to the double doors.
RAINBOWS @majesticdean * 32m
Pepper shook her head as Steve left, but he didn’t mind. Her career was in publicity and management. Of course she was going to be concerned. Steve was grateful for her insight. He just didn’t really feel like a new soulmate match was going to stay relevant for more than one or two news cycles.
why didnt you tell tony hes cute [8:37 pm]
“What the fuck?” Tony quickly turned his head away from the man, who attempted to veer around the island but was stopped by Sam grabbing onto his shirt, pulling him backwards to hold him in place.
“Yes, I know that, thank you,” Tony replied.
“Take it anyway,” Tony replied. “Easier to have one just in case.”
Peter had drawn a shitty hand in life when it came to losing people. Johnny couldn’t even imagine. But the Fantastic Four could take care of themselves. If Doc Ock came after him, Johnny would set his ass on fire. Literally—it was really all he could do.
Tony straightened up. “Do you have data to back that up?” He locked eyes with Steve. “Brick guy.”
[__]  7     < >  19     <3  64
“He wants Steve and Tony’s dicks,” Peter explained. “I think. He also asked for nipples.”
“Okay, Flash, who cares? Let’s get right to it!”
Tony unwrapped it, quickly clicking open the box and smiling. “Oh wow,” he murmured.
Grinning widely, Carol replied, “No, I’m good, thanks.”
She looked shifty. “There’s only a few reasons you would be so secretive. Listen, I swear I won’t judge you for it. Everyone knows you can’t control who your soulmate is. I know you joked when Reed and I marked Namor, but you accepted him. I wouldn’t do less for you.”
Tony took a few minutes to just eat lunch with his team, relaxing as best he could. The conversation was beginning to bore him—not because he didn’t care about their opinions and general gossip, but because he was starting to get ideas about how he could readjust the repulsor beam to minimize accidental blowback in the way he had intended. He had thought it was simply a matter of mathing out the energy output and balancing that alongside restructured wiring and refined lenses for the gauntlets, but it occurred to him that all the wiring in the world wouldn’t help if the power wasn’t able to be evenly distributed and aligned in a way that thinned out the beam without diluting the effectiveness.
Rhodey spread his hands out. “I have so much wisdom to offer growing youths in these trying times.” He let his hands drop. “Seriously, though, I’m sure Vision and Wanda would love an update on the kids. Could you check on them?”
“Great time to find out,” Clint said. “Thanks for the heads up, man.”
Pepper pushed her helmet into Tony’s space, quite aggressively in his opinion. “You flirted with Steve!”
Foggy inhaled sharply, spilling more of his drink on the table. An employee came over and gave him a dark look. She took a cloth rag and began wiping down the wooden surface.
Tony thought about how often he was photographed. How often his face was used as promotional materials for Stark Industries and Avengers events. Maybe the board had a point about it changing the image of the company. He couldn’t process it.
“He’s not a
Everyone looked at Vision.
“I didn’t mean to. I didn’t know it would happen.”
Tony leaned in for another kiss as F.R.I.D.AY. announced, “Mr. Stark, the other Avengers are ready to leave for the New Year’s Eve party.”
put on me.”
Steve raised an eyebrow at Natasha. “You’re telling me you don’t think people wait for their soulmates?”
“I can’t believe they’re making holograms of me,” Tony bemoaned. He slouched then sat up straighter. “I mean, of course they’re making holograms of me. Why wouldn’t they be?”
Tony blinked. “No,” he said, slowly. Tony turned back to his bed and rubbed his eyes tiredly. “You can stay. Just don’t hog the blankets.”
Steve opened his mouth, found he had no response, and closed it.
Peter’s head snapped up, quickly looking over his shoulder to where J. Jonah Jameson was sitting in his office, pointing directly at him.
Tony stopped moving upwards, turned to his left, and saw Daredevil jumping down from a telephone pole, slamming his staff directly into a bot as he landed next to it.
There. That was a move. Wasn’t it? Not too hard to take his meaning. Right?
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 22m
Steve walked over to watch the broadcast. It was muted with subtitles on, showing a reporter interviewing the man who threw the brick. “Wait. Why is he out? I thought he was still in custody?”
“Check,” Tony said, grabbing the attention of the waitress and immediately covering his mouth to hide his yawn.
“I’m happy,” Tony said. He breathed out a laugh. “Really, I am. It’s just, you know.”
That was really how Tony was going to be thought of now. Even the board had said it. ‘Captain America’s soulmate’. He’d worked hard his entire life, had made a name for himself despite his father dragging him down, and now all anybody was going to care about was his soulmark.
“Oh.” Tony stopped and turned around, looking at Steve. “You’re here.”
[__]     < >     <3
“And I made a deal with him.”
They did important work, and Steve knew that meant they were in the public eye. But other heroes had been soulmarked before. It was never like this. He couldn’t understand the media circus. Was nothing else happening? Wasn’t something more important politically, socially, or economically speaking?
“Do you think I’d give you bad legal advice, Tony? Really?” She held up her hands. “Listen, I set up a meeting for you tomorrow to meet with them. I emailed you all the info. If you want to go another way, fine, that’s your prerogative. But don’t say I didn’t try to help.”
“I know! I agreed with you!”
Steve smiled a little, smitten beyond his control. “Yes, you did,” he said. “You said Wanda teleported in.”
Steve looked over in time to catch Tony smiling at Ben. “No problem. Glad it worked.”
Matt ducked his head, only half-hiding his smile. “Good.”
“Why didn’t you just ask if he wanted to kiss you?” Wanda looked at Carol. “Communication is key here.”
Johnny tried to imagine Peter leading a life of crime. He snorted. “No way.”
Pepper grabbed onto Tony’s arm and walked him off the stage, ignoring the cameras and shouts for additional comments.
Johnny glared back at Namor. “He’s not a coward! Far from it.”
Steve got into the car, sitting next to Tony. As they drove away, he decided to worry about it later. For now, they had a press conference to deal with. Members of the media could sometimes be too overbearing, but Steve had always felt a heavy respect for what they did. Not the tabloids, of course—he was in the firm category of believing that a person’s private business was not appropriate for public consumption. But the actual journalists who went out and reported on important news and events, Steve welcomed the chance to help assist them by explaining his side of the story. He hadn’t always felt that way. Years ago, when he’d dressed up and performed on stage, he thought gossip and tabloids held a certain appeal as a way of escaping difficult times. Now that they were more focused on revealing intimate information, Steve didn’t have such a positive view.
“We’ll see ourselves out,” Steve said, gently patting Tony’s arm.
[8:54 pm] It’s weird coming from me.
“What was that?” Tony made a loud sound that was supposed to be a mimicry of static. “I can’t make out what you’re saying. It’s—schrchch—breaking up.”
Steve looked away from the elevator and back to the team, who were all staring at him. He smiled awkwardly. “He’ll be fine. Owning a business is a lot of work.”
Steve sighed. “All right.”
For example.
Steve came from out of nowhere—at least, that’s what it seemed like to Tony—and pressed his hand to Pietro’s shoulder, pushing him away. “That’s enough, Quicksilver. If you need to speak to your sister, we can arrange that. There’s no call to harass Iron Man.”
shaken hands before.”
“Who masterminds their big evil plan for when nobody can go anywhere? I mean, yeah, it’s good in theory for having more victims in play, but you
Matt sighed. Then he mustered up a surprised face. “What? Foggy, what do you mean?”
“I have a gift for you, too.”
a robot.”
8: Soulmarks did not cause people to fall in love.
[8:50 pm] Thanks for asking.
“How are you going to take an actual picture, Pete?” Johnny asked, quite critically in his opinion.
Steve smiled at Tony as best he could. “No. Thank you for being honest with me. It’s okay if we just stay friends. I understand if you’re not interested in me.”
“Just being accurate,” he defended.
“I’m always right and you know it.” Sam laughed. “Your life would go a lot smoother if you just listened to me, you know that.”
Steve groaned. “I don’t know! It’s on every channel.”
“Wow! What an audience! Everyone’s just so excited to be here. You know what’s been really exciting this week?”
Tony shrugged, his shoulders jerking in an awkward manner. “Do I?” He shook his head. “I mean, yes, of course I know that. You love everybody on the team.”
Carol massaged her temple. “Did you ask him out?”
Tony laughed. “Trust me, they’re more excited for you, Cap.”
“So, what do you want me to do? Avoid everyone I piss off?” Tony laughed, self-deprecating and cruel. “I have some news for you, Cap. I piss off a lot of people. You want me to stay in the tower unless I have my big, strong super soldier to protect me?”
“Yeah,” Tony confirmed. “It’s gorgeous.” He pulled it out and looked closer. “Wait, did you get it inscribed?”
They were quiet for a moment before Steve asked, “So what did you want to talk about?”
“Uhhh… Iiiii’m a stripper!” Spider-Man shouted.
“We did
Bucky smirked. “Oh, sure. Lead the way.” He walked after Carol, turned around, gave Steve a thumbs up, then separated from Carol and headed for the food.
Castle laughed—a low, guttural sound that really wasn’t humorous at all. “I’ll stop killing when they do, Stark.”
“Fair.” Bobbi waved good-bye to the others and walked off with him.
Tony snorted.
Tony shrugged. “Then you were the only one. I’ve been getting teased for my severe crush for so long, I barely notice the comments anymore.”
Well, no, of course it mattered. But why didn’t Peter trust his family? That was what he couldn’t wrap his head around. Everyone here knew the importance of family. Johnny knew—he freaking
Tony cringed. “Ugh, he’s right about
“Yet you never flirted with me,” Tony stated. “You never said anything. Why didn’t you say anything?”
“Clint!” Bobbi said, slapping him upside the head. “It’s not that bad,” she attempted to reassure Tony. “It’s very…” She trailed off, looking to the others for some sort of help.
After visiting several stores, Foggy entered the seventh one and turned on his heel to look at Steve directly. “I know you’ve been cagey about who we’re shopping for, but that needs to stop.”
Steve nodded, unquestionably certain. “I know.” Tony would never dismiss his soulmate—not after all the research he’d funded, and especially not when it was someone he was already close to. That was obvious to anyone who knew him. “And Tony’s right. It’s not good for anybody if people start making false accusations against Avengers while we’re in combat.”
“The situation is complicated. You don’t understand.”
Society as a whole, both global but especially western (North American in this instance), is extremely patriarchal and heteronormative. 2/?
“I don’t think I have a minute,” Bruce muttered.
“With a camera.”
Natasha, who had characteristically remained silent up until now, took a break from ensuring her gun was balanced to stretch out her legs. “You don’t. Tony’s co-captain. He understands what happened.”
together,” Cassie explained.
This wasn’t the first time they’d done this, far from it, but Steve had told Bucky and Natasha that he’d try to confess to Tony tonight. That weighed on him. It was hard to keep his feelings under control at the best of times. Tony flirted hard with a lot of people. Steve was no exception… except, of course, in that he actually wanted something to come of it.
Castle snorted. “Says the Merchant of Death.”
Steve removed his hand, taking a small step backwards. “Any time, shellhead.”
to one another, what do you do?”
“I know,” Tony replied. “That’s why I’m surprised it took you this long to call. Figured I’d hear from you right away.”
Steve pointed at the menu. “Can I get a double cheeseburger with fries and a large coke?”
Reed looked relieved. “Yes, of course.” He gestured to the program that was still running. “It appears there are five other areas that are prime targets for this type of attack when we include the factor of limiting damage to zero or an approximation thereof.” He pointed to a series of lines in the corner. “I allowed for minimal injuries, scrapes, cuts, anything superficial that could be healed with little to no first aid required.”
“—seems like they’re going to give a comment. Let’s listen in before we begin to analyze—”
“Well, you’ll have to get used to it since it’s not going away.” He paused, considering the situation. “Do you think you’ll dye your hair to match?”
A web shot up to the top of Avengers Tower. Spider-Man flung himself through the air, climbing onto one of the upper windows.
The colors of soulmarks were pretty fascinating. They were almost always three colors, although a few cases of two and four color marks had been discovered. The colors seemed to have something to do with how each person viewed themselves. A lot of superheroes had marks that matched the colors of their costumes. Certain professions had common colors. Personality types were given to similar colors, too.
Bucky blinked slowly. “Wow, okay,” he said, massaging his jaw with his free hand. “I guess training starts now.”
It took the team longer than any of them would have liked to finish hunting all the little devils down. Tony had a feeling Clint was right, that Doom was testing some new project. But what else was new? Doom was always using New York City as a training ground. Tony was more concerned with getting back to his suit upgrades. Better tech meant an easier time in the field. He was ready to spend less time shooting down Doom’s inventions and more time dealing with more important matters.
F.R.I.D.A.Y. sounded huffy when she replied, “I get bored, Mr. Stark.”
“You’re too huge,” Tony stated. “Nothing I own will fit you.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony continued, still hushed, tarnishing the air between them. “I want to love it. I can’t believe I don’t love a soulmark
With that zinger, Castle aimed both guns at the man still running away from him.
. Then there was the fight, getting Wanda and Strange to close the portal, clean-up, sending out emails and texts apologizing for having to cancel the annual superhero get-together and gift exchange, and Tony ran off to deal with Stark Industries and Pepper and something about a glitch on tech that was just released in time for the holidays. And then, well.
“And Lucky,” Clint replied without pause.
Tony threw his hands in the air again. “Why aren’t both of you being
@thewildest I KNOW RIGHT?!?! SO AWESOME!!!!!!! #SuperSoulmates #AmericaisGAY #VideoNeverLies
Tony kept walking around, making a point to show everyone where the food and drinks were in case they’d been missed. A holiday party wasn’t complete without some winter beverages and hors d’oeuvres. He found that he didn’t have to guide everyone. Clint had already gotten into the eggnog.
Tony was starting to agree. He took a few more pot-shots at the bots as he got a clear angle on them, but it just wasn’t enough. Frustration was starting to make him feel tight. He breathed deeper, trying to get a hold on the situation. There weren’t many injuries so far, but he just didn’t trust that to last. They needed to get rid of the threat faster than they were able to.
“There’s just a lot going on right now,” Foggy whispered, stepping farther away from the disaster he’d created.
Like spending time with Steve.
Reed shrugged. “Unless Doom announces his plans, then yes. That’s my best hypothesis.”
“Well, whatever their plan is, let’s smash it,” Tony said.
Matt’s smile froze. His brain fizzled out.
dating? Had they been dating all along and he just hadn’t
“I’m busy,” Tony stated. “I can’t entertain him right now.”
“I don’t think so,” Matt replied with a laugh.
“Still. Maybe if you touch him the right way…” Carol trailed off, eyebrows wiggling.
“Oh my God, I can’t believe—”
“I’m going to meet up with him now,” Matt said. “If you want to tag along, I’m sure he’d be happy to help.”
Tony ran a hand over his face, rubbing his fingers over his eyes. “Can we please get back to the software?”
http://www.buzzfeed.com/ripleyryan/seven-steps-to-snag-your-soulmate
Steve grabbed Tony’s foot and shook it. The metal made a sharp clang. “You’re a real riot, Tone.”
“Yes!” Tony shouted, frustrated. “Ducked, Steve! Ducked! It’s what people do when they don’t want to get hit by a flying object!”
Still. It was ridiculous. Peter obviously wasn’t looking at the situation from a logical standpoint. Superheroes were going to be able to protect themselves in ways that regular people couldn’t. Peter had to know that.
Now this was beginning to feel like they were ganging up on him. Tony had invited two of his best friends to assist him in a serious matter—what to buy Steve for Christmas. They were sitting around on the couch in Tony’s workshop, flipping through magazines and online catalogues and, in Carol’s case, clearing out her junk mail.
“Shocking.”
Super Strong Super Smart @mollylolly * 27m
“Today we’re celebrating the unexpected—”
They spent another ten or so minutes relaxing with their free treats. Steve found his attention drifting. He began wondering exactly why someone was targeting Tony. So often, people expressed their gratitude to the Avengers for their hard work at protecting others. In fact, it was somewhat typical for each of them to get stopped a few times a week to accept various forms of thanks—from simple verbal appreciation all the way to sometimes extremely awkward gifts. Why would anyone take aim at Iron Man? Tony was one of the most well-known and beloved superheroes in the world. Was it a cry for attention? Or something darker?
“Oh, did I catch you at a bad time?” Rhodey asked.
Steve tilted his head, confused. “I kissed you, didn’t I?”
5: Steve called him beautiful. Then, later, gorgeous.
“Will you be suing the man who attacked Tony?”
“You won’t use them in battle?”
“You can come if you want to,” Steve offered.
“I can’t believe you’re taking Clint’s side,” Tony grumbled.
” He quickly grabbed Steve’s shirt, accidentally pulling it out from where it was tucked into his jeans in his haste. “Steve,
GertRUDE @FarLeftDinoFem * 6m
“Told you,” Clint said.
Not wasting any time, the car drove through the gate, passing safely through Cassie’s feet. The gate closed automatically behind them, blocking the vans that were trying to find a way to drive in around the Cassie blockade.
“Yep,” Bucky said, agreeing whole-heartedly. “That’s what I meant.”
The first: Tony didn’t see the brick. Maybe taking off his sunglasses had affected his vision. The sun was always bright this early.
“Can I open it now?” Tony shook the box.
Quickly opening a new document on his table, Tony began writing notes to gather his thoughts together in a more constructive way.
“You really think people don’t talk about you?” Rhodey chuckled. “I woke up to twenty-eight messages.”
“That’s—Jesus Christ, are you getting this? We have
But that was his point! They were a family of superheroes. They could protect themselves. He didn’t actually get what Peter was so worried about. If someone attacked Reed, he would dodge in some weird acrobatic way or bounce the attack back. Sue would throw up a shield or become invisible. Ben was basically immovable and impossible to injure. Namor… now that he thought about it, Johnny wasn’t entirely sure what Namor would do. Annoy them to death? Show off his abs? At least he could telepathically control fish. That was… something.
Steve stared back. Everyone knew Tony was vain, to a certain point. He spent a lot of time on his appearance. He bought fancy suits and flashy cars. He exuded a charming presence any time he was in the public eye. Steve had never truly gotten the point behind all of that. Tony didn’t need any of it to stand out.
“Wouldn’t that be you?” Steve was surprised by his boldness.
Tony signed the check, thanked the waitress, and left a generous tip. “Next time, handsome.”
Steve grinned. “It
She grinned at him, lightly kicking his chair. “Watch it! You’re talking to the queen of Atlantis.”
Tony grinned. “Good idea! Wish I’d thought of it!”
