“Ta,” he grins wolfishly,crawling up over Sherlock’s body to nip playfully at his lower lip with a friendly growl. “Your turn.” He grasps the waistband of Sherlock’s pants and begins to slowly peel them downward. “God,” He huffs. “These feel extraordinarily expensive. Do I even want to know how much a pair of them cost?”
It should likely concern him the degree to which the appeal of latter option has grown of late, but he can’t bring himself to give a damn.
The meeting of their mouths borders on violent, both of them gripping hard and crushing the other close. The culmination of every protracted moment of longing that’s built up between them over the last several months, it’s a simple thing to lose one’s self in; air becoming little more than an inconvenient obligation. He explores the bewitching curve of those lips worshipfully, savouring the indescribable taste of Sherlock’s mouth. Sweet, but tart; as decadent as biting into a ripened plum in the dead heat of summer.
“So, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft continues on blithely, unbothered by John’s lack of reply. “I’ve been informed that, for the past several weeks, my brother’s been traipsing about every available era looking for you. And now that he’s found you, here you are; visiting in person. Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?”
had to punch that face, I’d avoid your nose and teeth too.”
“That’s not the end of the world,” he corrects her dispassionately, “that’s Mrs Hudson.”
“No, I very much doubt that will ever be the case.”
“All of their social interactions in particular are carefully monitored; no one wants a cuckoo in the nest after all. Just look at her calendar for goodness sake
“How do you know they wanted to keep the baby? Supposing that you're right about her killing him and the brother helping cover it up
“What's the matter?” John frowns, trying again to slip his hands beneath the hem of Sherlock’s oversized sleepshirt.
the child as well, but that certainly didn’t make any difference, now did it?” He looks pointedly to his brother’s swollen midsection and the nurse blushes scarlet.
“You’re doing so good.”
Elsewhere in town, John pulls his Jeep into one of the alleyways just off the main strip, killing the engine and yanking the parking brake up before hopping out. He turns to find Sarah, standing near to the rear of the vehicle, as if having appeared from nowhere.
“Thanks again Mrs. H,” John smiles gratefully at their landlady. “We really appreciate this.”
It’s appalling how much his Omega merrily delights over it, despite the fact it really should know better by now.
Creeping down his own drainpipe in the dead of the night to sneak through the thick midnight fog blanketing London, to return his little burglar home, is one of the most ridiculous things that John has ever done. He says as much, giggling helplessly as he helps Sherlock scale the rose trellis beneath his bedroom window.
When Lestrade appears in the doorway, Sherlock opens his mouth to inform him of such, just as John calls out from the kitchen.
” Lestrade fumbles in his pocket for his mobile, then sets it on the desk and fiddles about with it to start it recording. “Christ, this is going to be a proper mess isn’t it? It always is with you posh types.”
"Simple. We have a row, feelings of misery, a sense of unsteadiness and the impression of a pub; so strong that I could practically taste the lager and smoke. Places only leave an imprint like that if an object's spent a significant amount of time there. And finally these," he turns the mobile upside down to expose the charging port. "Little matching scuff marks around the edge of the power connection, from shaky hands trying to plug it in to charge. You never see those on a sober man's phone; never see a drunk's without them." He passes the mobile back again smugly. "There you go; you see — I never guess."
He imagines it's what being hit by lightning feels like.
Sherlock’s stomach sinks instantly.
“It sounds so
“The chemists,” Mycroft starts, but Sherlock heads him off.
His Alpha goes from wrathful and bloodthirsty to puffed up and preening.
singular… unintended consequence.”
“Miscarry, yes. A prolonged separation from the pheromones of the siring alpha prior to the the third trimester results in spontaneous termination in approximately ninety-seven percent of cases.”
“Hold on just a tick. You mean, the way he tried to— with me— when we first met?” John cuts in, angling his head back at Sherlock, eyes wide. Sherlock rolls his eyes at John's incredulous expression.
John laughs as he clasps the base of Sherlock's member with his unoccupied hand. “I’ve never actually done this before, so I’m might be complete bollocks at it.”
The pleasure dies away just as suddenly as it arose, and Sherlock frowns.
When they arrive at the location of Edward’s flat, there’s a young officer in uniform waiting outside the building entrance to direct them to the correct floor. The flat itself is photoshoot-ready; outfitted entirely in sleek, minimalist chrome and white, everything within giving the distinct impression of being eye-wateringly expensive. In the midst of it all, flanked by Sally Donovan and another officer, a beautiful blonde Omega perches at the end of one of the long leather sofas, looking just as elegant and flawless as her surroundings.
“John Hamish Watson, just- if you were... looking for baby names.” He elaborates, just barely managing to keep the bitterness from his voice.
“Yeah,” Lestrade overcomes his shock to nod enthusiastically, “yeah, of course. God, you’re going to have your hands full aren’t you? I never thought I’d see the day. Well, congratulations, mate!“ He crows, slapping John heartily on the back as they both move to crouch alongside the body. “Before you know it, you’ll be showing up here with a wee thing in tow.”
to ignore them.
“Yes, well.” Mycroft curls his fingers around the bed-rail and cuts his gaze away uncomfortably. It puts Sherlock in mind of when he woke up in the hospital after his first overdose, to find Mycroft perched stiffly at his bedside. Granted, this is a significantly more positive occurence, but nevertheless— their own humanness has never been something they've been able to share comfortably between them. Mycroft clears his throat. “I imagine you’d prefer John’s presence during the event nearly as much as I’d prefer not to bear witness to it.”
“Oh my god,” John reappears in the doorway, with a grin of amusement. “Are you embarrassed?”
Unable to roll over to face his new mate, Sherlock presses himself backward as best he’s able, turning his head to nuzzle at John’s cheek.
Happy New Year everyone!!! I hope that everyone who does the Christmas thing had a lovely holiday. The second half of December was positively swamped for me, and I didn't get anywhere near the time to write that I thought I would. Funny story: I actually wrote this chapter quite some time ago, but it was before I'd settled on sticking to Sherlock's POV, so it was originally written from Mycroft's. Which I thought would be an easy switch, but as these things usually go, of course that meant I ended up pretty much rewriting it entirely.
The Duke holds up a staying hand.
“Well, we
sex could be.
be terribly irritating he finds it strangely centering instead. As if John were some sort of touchstone to aid his focus.
Instead, when Sherlock deigns to socialize — or, more truthfully, is strong-armed into it by his brother or Aunt Violet — John can do no more than watch covetously from the sidelines as Sherlock twirls about the dancefloor in the company of other Alphas.
want to present as a pair so that he can easily use himself as bait if need be? The posturing in front of the pack if young alphas in the car park would suggest that possibility… but then the detective smells more like John than their usual flatmate scent-mixing, so he's probably slipped something of John's on underneath his clothes. Without discussing it.
God knows where that pompous, interfering prig has managed to secret recording devices again since Sherlock’s last sweep of the flat.
John’s entirely helpless against the burst of slightly hysterical laughter bubbles up out of him at that. “Did you just compare children to
While that future will inevitably still come to pass, they have had this time together in the meanwhile. His heart flutters slightly as he offers a soft, tremulous smile of his own.
“Yes, but now you've forgone your chance to raise your child yourself
“But you’re the only one who knows!” Sherlock snaps back. “They can hardly discipline you over something they aren’t even
“Keep me safe?” Sherlock marvels disdainfully. “I’m not some— some
John doesn't seem bothered in the slightest however. In fact, he looks rather pleased, so Sherlock pushes determinedly past the mortification and reaches out shyly to stroke his hand down the warm, softly padded line of John’s abdomen.
, and I
, nearly wailing with terror, and a wave of anxious nausea swells in his gut.
“His last name will have to be Holmes unfortunately,” Sherlock adds a bit breathlessly as John takes the invitation as intended. “But perhaps Mycroft can be persuaded agree to a hyphenation. If our son is going to be burdened with an excess of initials it may as well serve some purpose.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock barks back at him with a laugh.
a bit over-optimistic of him to hope that she might not remember him.
“That's all very well and good Sherlock,” John asserts with a pained wince, “but you
he’ll be seeing her again. He has her precious camera phone, after all, doesn't he? She’s hardly about to give up on
“You haven’t been here long,” Sherlock announces sometime later. The wind ruffles his hair as he stares intently across the Jeep at John, while they fly down the darkened highway.
“Oh.” John blushes and ducks his head a little. Absolutely absurd, considering where his hands and mouth have just been, but painfully endearing nonetheless. “Yeah, that’s uh, good.” He shuffles forward on his knees between Sherlock’s legs, then hesitates. “Are you sure? Afterward we’ll be…”
Her eyes well with sudden tears at that, and one of her hands come up to rest protectively over her abdomen. “I don’t regret it,” she insists with a shaky voice, “Philip was a
He knows he’s said just the right thing when a bright smile blooms across John’s face, and he basks in the glow of it like summer sunshine.
He’s extremely successful.
“Thought it might be,” John agrees wryly as he reaches down and hauls Sherlock back to his feet.
“I tested that theory for you,” she points out with barely contained glee. “I let
Quite literally; he'd much rather die than submit to her. For the first time in his life, he’s absurdly glad of Mycroft’s de facto ownership of him. He can't think of an Alpha that Mycroft that would be
“A little lively for dead people.” John argues with lift of his brows as a boisterous group makes their way past them, chatting animatedly.
perhaps somewhat questionable for him to experiment on John without his consent. But, in his own defense, he’d ensured that John was perfectly safe the entire time. And in any case, he hadn't
“Forever?” John scoffs, “Who can even make sense of forever?”
“Safest place I know,” Sherlock replies cryptically, casting his gaze down at Mrs. Hudson in amusement, his mood undeniably buoyed by both his snack and the satisfying little spot of violence. She sniffles and reaches down her shirt to pull the very mobile in question from her bra, offering it up to him.
“Coventry,” he announces, coming to in a room decidedly darker than he recalls. There’s a warm fire crackling in the hearth, Irene is curled up contentedly in John’s chair across from him, and there’s no sign of the man himself anywhere to be seen.
Sherlock slumps down against his chest, and John pets his back clumsily as they both struggle to catch their breath.
“Oh.” John says woodenly, and Sherlock risks peering up at him, only be gutted by the look of utter devastation on John’s face.
“Watson!” Stamford grins, grasping his extended hand and enthusiastically clapping him on his good shoulder. He always has been the considerate sort. “What are you doing here, old chap? You’re not one for a crush like this.”
Sherlock says nothing as he fiddles with his violin.
“Look, this is a six.” Sherlock declares pointedly as he settles down at the desk in the sitting room. The doorbell rings downstairs, but he ignores it. Mrs. Hudson can deal with it. “There’s no point in my leaving the flat for anything less than a seven. We agreed. Now, go back. Show me the grass.”
His mouth goes dry with anxiety as his thoughts veer off, and he takes a sip of tea to wet it enough to continue. “You can just… delete it, yeah?”
“Your water broke more than a day and a half ago, and you’re still nowhere near fully dilated. It’s time to face the truth— he’s not coming the way you wanted him to, love.”
right!” She crosses her arms. “Eddie hid the pills in Philip's drinks when they were out for dinner. Once he got home, he was supposed to go for a swim like he always did before bed. But what did he do? He came up to my room, randy and demanding, pawing at me like some disgusting
“You what?!”
It’s a delicious thought, and he luxuriates in it indulgently for a short while.
“You needn’t concern yourself Captain,” he cuts off John’s spiraling thoughts. “I’ve not touched the concoction since. Mycroft has banned it from the premises of our household entirely.”
“One; I did not,” John counters obstinately. “Two, I owe you zero. And three…” he trails off momentarily before continuing adding indignantly, “...see point two!” With that, he pivots away in haste, making off in the direction of the toilets. Without further thought, Sherlock chases after him.
Against his usual methods, he allows his Omega to weigh in and
“No, no, no,” she waves a dismissive hand. “You’re here for the photographs. But
“That was you.”
So, while the shower starts up behind the closed bathroom door, he clambers out of bed and locates his clothes from the four corners of the bedroom. He briefly considers dashing up to his room for a change of clothes, but another loud grumble of his stomach has him deciding against it. Instead, he rummages through the fridge and sets to making them a proper fry-up, carefully avoiding so much as a glance in the direction of the barstool over which he’d bent Sherlock just the day before.
in the room.
Sherlock gnaws his lip and clutches at John's fingers steadyingly. John stares back calmly, ever Sherlock’s rock, patiently waiting as he disentangles fact from fear in his mind. After a few moments Sherlock takes a deep breath and relaxes his grip.
“Fine!” Sherlock throws his hands up in the air. “You can choose some unbearably common middle name for him. Like
“Now you’re
“The ceremony's on my coffee break. I’ve never married so, I just thought, you know; what's the harm? He’s a bit abrasive sometimes... but he’s got a good heart and
of me enjoying myself would mystify them.”
“I need you to come in with me.”
Of course he bloody isn’t.
friend.”
“That’s not why I’m here.” He informs her.
Except... The lock on that door seems to be hopelessly faulty, because Sherlock has been continually bombarded by reminders.
“Screen captures from the Cavendish home’s security footage,” Lestrade explains as Sherlock flips the folder open to find a stack of somewhat grainy photographs, all featuring the distinctive grey cast of a night-vision camera. “No interior cameras, but several exterior ones. That,” Lestrade continues, reaching over the edge of the folder to point at the open second-story window captured in the image, “is Marie Cavendish’s bedroom window. And that
”There’s no need,” Sherlock informs him dismissively as he hangs his coat and scarf. ”We’ve had one for ages.”
“No, I can’t,” John allows with a thunderous glare of his own. “But I would
“Don’t be absurd Mycroft. John and I have no intention of bonding.”
When Mycroft fails to respond with a witty rejoinder, submissively lowering his eyes and turning away, the bottom of Sherlock’s stomach swoops away. Shame burns hot and heavy in his belly, and the Omega inside of him curls up miserably in contrition over having failed their kin.
Sherlock gives a low rumble of laughter beneath John. “No,” he agrees with a merry twinkle in his eye, “that would be
seem to imply…
After several long moments of silence, Sherlock prompts John back to attention with an offhanded request. “John, please can you check those flight schedules, see if I'm right?”
“Can't afford London on an Army pension,” John grimaces and takes another gulp of his coffee.
polo match
they’ll of course allow you and Edward visiting privileges to ensure the safe delivery of the child. But, after that, you’ll remain separated for so long as you remain guests of her Majesty. Your child will be assigned to an Alpha Publicae, and in all likelihood be given over to be raised by your mother-in-law; only ever seeing it’s parents on prison visitation days, if then. Given how Philip and Edward turned out, that doesn’t seem as especially enviable fate.” Sherlock levels his gaze at her coldly. “
And he hasn’t, thank god. In fact, John’s actually quite chuffed over how well he’s managed to keep his feelings hidden from
“Oh you are, are you?” John fumes, squaring his shoulders like a soldier going into battle. “Like getting yourself drugged by Irene Adler? Walloped by Marie Cavendish? That was you doing a bang up job of looking after yourself, hm?”
why you don’t have an Alpha. Nobody cares for damaged goods after all. Overall, it’s really quite shocking what kind of behaviour The Metropolitan Police evidently encourages in Omegas.”
As promised, John manages to convince Sarah to agree to a clandestine examination of sorts for a mystery patient that refuses to been seen officially.
“Hardly,” Sherlock rolls his eyes. “I dislike being outnumbered
“John, I'm sorry,” Sherlock begs, grabbing desperately at the sleeve of John’s jacket as he stalks away, calling after him pleadingly. “John!”
Naturally, when she inevitably invites him back to hers after dinner, he agrees.
The young man looks startled, but reaches out to accept it regardless.
“Several lifetimes wouldn’t be enough to live
“A… tactical move?”
sort of strategic interference.
hour? Clearly he has more in common with a ninety year old from Edinburgh than one would expect.”
gets to decide on. Not John. “I just
at least,” Sherlock concedes with a mild grimace, determinedly ignoring the embarrassed flush he feels creeping up his cheeks. “I
, but John has never claimed to have the same ability.
The very bed that they shared Sherlock's heat in, the same
Once they arrive in the village, they find the inn without trouble; a boisterous group of young Alpha’s clearly just returned from a tour of the moors congregating on the edge of the carpark. As he and John make their way past the group, Sherlock catches a whiff of their collective pheromones, and is instantly overcome by the disconcerting sensation of
“Well, I certainly have more experience with the latter than the former.”
John finds him not long afterward, encamped in front of roaring fire at the inn and staring into the crackling flames. He perches in the armchair opposite and, while Sherlock attempts to calm his rattled nerves and still-racing heart, cheerfully prattles about Henry, the unlikelihood of ‘mutant suger-dogs’ on the moors, and a morse signal of some kind.
“I believe I do,” he agrees as he releases Mrs. Hudson’s hand. “First though, get rid of your boys.”
It’s tempting, in it’s own right.
for the Consultant Criminal. Gave me a lot of advice about how to play the Holmes boys.” She stops and perches carelessly on the edge in front of Mycroft. “Do you know what he calls you? The Iceman…” She trails her gaze slowly back toward Sherlock, “and the
But there’s nothing for John say to all that. He certainly isn’t about to ask for the usual explanation on how, exactly, Sherlock’s deduced all of this. And telling him off will only vindicate his obvious compulsion to alienate others as a defense mechanism.
It takes far longer than acceptable to leave the flat; John insisting that Sherlock finish his tea and the sandwich that he presents him with before they can leave.
“Oh, he'll be fine,” Lestrade reassures her offhandedly, “just the baby, most like.”
! I thought, well, maybe a nice beta might do… but then John moved in and I just knew —
on Sherlock bloody Holmes. Because
with him.
Despite everything, the rules- as Molly so aptly put it- are still the rules, and it’s not until Saturday night that John is allowed to log in to the system.
“What exactly do you propose then? Are we meant to choose a name that’s proportional to his physical size?” Sherlock sneers. “Do we add letters as he grows?
“Yes,” Sherlock pointedly picks up his fork and pulls his plate closer with a slight wrinkle of his nose.
of all people. But, between the very
“Stamford,” he greets his old friend with a palpable sigh of relief.
In hindsight, he thinks, just before he hits the floor at her feet; perhaps it would have been more prudent to vacate the premises immediately upon procuring her mobile, rather than remaining to gloat.
he is, after all, still an Omega
The way John is almost vibrating with barely suppressed
given the bespoke suits he swans about in day to day, it’s still a bit…
When John irreverently suggests they just look for local’s with oversize housepets, Sherlock finds himself announcing the last thing he’d have ever imagined himself saying when Henry Knight first appeared in the sitting room at 221B.
“Sorry?” Irene questions, disbelief colouring her voice.
“Your current con
“Oh, well, try to.”
find out about Victor and I, as I’d always assumed. So when we
“Simple, really,” Sherlock brushes away the question with the hand not currently occupied with his tea mug. “The angle of the car seats and a lipstick smear in the back of the Father’s Audi. In any case, once the crying and carrying on had subsided, and the au pair had been dismissed, Father sat me down. He explained to me in no uncertain terms that those small allowances I had assumed to be ordinary were actually a significant indulgence. Even more so than other children, Omegas are meant to be seen and not heard; and if could I not abide by my proper place, I should not expect to have such privileges extended to me.”
“There you are, brother mine,” he murmurs quietly, brushing his fingers affectionately over the new cell’s closest neighbour; SJ 221B - 1908. “I trust the good doctor will keep a close eye on you. Though
“No, no, it's not... that. It's -” Sherlock takes a steadying breath. “Everyone was
“She was an
He follows Irene’s gaze as it darts worriedly to the mirror above the mantel. “Thank you. On hearing a smoke alarm, a mother would look towards her child. Amazing how fire exposes our priorities.”
appetites— but you suspect that it’s much more than just a fling. He always wanted children and you never cared for them, so you’re worried he's going to leave you to start a family with his young lover.” He doubles over to clutch at his middle when another labour pain comes on. “You’re right by the way,” he adds between pants. “He is.”
favourable now.
consultant
does his sexual history have to do with anything?
The rosy bloom returns to Sherlock for an encore appearance.
I've been working on two new unrelated works; a magical realism AU and a 50's-era 'Tell it to the Bees' adaptation (the cardinal sin of writers: getting distracted by new ideas!) which I'm hoping to begin posting soon. I've also sketched out a bit of a post-Reichenbach installment for this series, but I'm undecided at the moment if I want to go there. This seemed like a lovely place to end for the time being— especially for those of you who prefer to have skip that whole angst-ridden situation. But let me know in the comments what you think! (Should we just let the happy family be?) I may also put up the one last John interlude I have in drafts, and maaaybe a separate little bonding epilogue, depending on the Reichenbach verdict.
His impossibly
John’s form is sturdy, and well-muscled, with a bit of soft padding over his middle that only serves to make him look all the more pleasantly touchable.
“She also knows the code that automatically calls the police and sets off the burglar alarm. I’ve learned not to trust this woman.”
A small part of John that he'll always have: regardless of John’s platonic feelings for him, regardless of whether he eventually tires of life with Sherlock and leaves.
But he holds his tongue. He doesn't know why he doesn’t just shatter her illusions about Sherlock’s naive, virginal state once and for all. He tries to tell himself it's out of respect for Sherlock’s privacy, but he knows that’s not the truth. For some reason, he wants to keep the knowledge for himself somehow. His and Sherlock’s and no one else’s.
John,
“Here we are are, luv.” The cabbie pipes up suddenly, startling him out of his thoughts. She turns to smile at him patronizingly over her shoulder. “Best get inside to your Alpha straight away, pet. They’ll give you a proper seeing to.”
“I’m sorry- you were saying?” John pulls off to smirk up at him. Sherlock resists the urge to reach down and push John’s head back into place, but only just. Instead he twists the sheets even tighter between his fingers and
“Space? I don’t need
And now
“Then why don’t you ask for it?” He crosses the room and holds out his hand to Mrs. Hudson, squeezing gently when she grasps it immediately. He turns back her sleeve carefully and ghosts his thumb over the bruise he finds there as she whimpers.
, but isn’t illegal anymore- and my brother can’t very well file a suit against me over it.”
diverting in fact, that John is unable to slip away until much later than usual; having spent the lion's share of the night on Lady Stamford’s arm, politely conversing with a number of marriageable young omegas.
"Want to see some more?"
“Your…” John pauses as Sherlock flails out and clutches at his hand, squeezing tightly as another contraction grips him. John's face rearranges itself into its familiar, steady doctor’s demeanor. “How long have you been having contractions?”
,” Sherlock declares waspishly, unable to rein in his argumentative nature. “And in any case,
He winces. He had, in fact, done just that.
has anything to apologize for. “I know that it’s
“Oh! Okay.” Sarah flushes, shooting to her feet. “I’m sorry,” she stammers self-consciously in the young man’s direction as she turns to go.
“I'm going,” John moves to climb off the hood of the Jeep with a pinched expression. Sherlock beats him to it, sliding down and slipping between John’s knees to stop him from going.
Sweat sheens on Sherlock’s torso, and his curls stick to his damp brow. He takes a deep, shuddering breath and resumes moving, clutching desperately at John’s shoulders as he does.
“There was an unexpected complication with my suppressants— “
want?” Sherlock asks with a scowl. “He didn’t try to offer you money to spy on me, did he?”
John chuckles warmly and offers him another ice chip. Sherlock opens his mouth and accepts it gratefully, just as their sour-faced nurse bustles back into the room.
. Things that should make absolutely no rational sense seem perfectly fitting in the context of Sherlock Holmes, and he has no idea why.
No matter how far he’s come, the strides he’s made, he never can seem to escape from the shadow that haunts him. It’s all he’ll ever be now;
it reminds John of Afghanistan. Sherlock needs to do something to deescalate the situation, and
though thankfully, his suppressants serve to at least dull it’s effect upon him.
I’m gonna...uh- uh-”
Lovely.
“Ah ah ah, none of that now,” John chides playfully, voice roughened with lust. “If you want it, you’re going to have to work for it.”
Then Irene Adler goes and dies, and for the first time life, John truly understands the sentiment of wanting to bring someone back from the dead just to have the pleasure of killing them all over again.
, actually.” Sherlock offers a polite grimace. “Because for all that
“Five, actually,” the young man interjects, the corners of his mouth twitching upward in rueful smile. To his credit, John merely squints at him briefly over the correction before continuing.
of you,” he adds, turning his head to meet John’s eyes, “need to get a hold of yourselves.” Before the situation can descend into some ridiculous pheromone-driven brawl, Sherlock decides to step in.
“He used to tell me about it, you know- over the comm box- before he finally let me log in, the twat,” Sherlock reveals, a touch resentfully, when they finally pull apart and settle back companionably against the windscreen. “But… I
“Well, perhaps you should go buy a lottery ticket,
“Mycroft’s, on the other hand, not so much,” he adds lamely in an attempt to detract his confession.
John shrugs easily, caught out. “I asked Mycroft,” he confirms.
It’s with no small amount of relish, then, that he informs John of the jumper’s fabricated demise, in an experiment testing the level of protection provided to human flesh by the natural fibers of wool against various acids.
The PC’s companion responds with a boorish laugh of agreement. “A bit like one of those real dirty ones, innit? Where the two Omegas fuck, until an Alpha comes along and shows ‘em what they’re missing. Can't say I wouldn't enjoy watching that…” The Beta replies at volume better suited to a pub than a crime scene. “Even if one of them
than the jumper did, Sherlock retires to the sitting room to spend the evening petulantly sawing away at his violin.
“So they hated you.”
"John,” he murmurs feverishly. “John, I—”
”I thought it perhaps an unavoidable biological attraction at first; best ignored until it fades away. But it hasn’t. Instead I find myself perpetually consumed by thoughts of you, and an incessant desire for your company. It’s grown almost impossible to think clearly without your presence. I’ve begun to suspect that perhaps you have feelings of a similar nature toward myself as well, but I couldn’t be sure— there was no way to test my hypothesis without risking our friendship entirely. Until the opportunity presented itself that night. But then you confessed...” he trails off, finally raising his eyes to meet John’s gaze. “I thought at first that you meant Miss Morstan, but then… You meant me, didn’t you?"
” John challenges with nostrils flaring, “You are, after all, just as much an alpha as I am.”
. But never during a heat.” They’re both red enough now that they could serve as traffic signs, but Sherlock’s somehow unable to look away. It’s a small consolation that John doesn’t either, but instead looks oddly... relieved?
He’s less proud of himself for embarrassing Molly, however. For allowing his peevishness over Jeanette to get the better of him; his tongue turning sharp and cruel. Thankfully she seems accepting of his heartfelt apology. Then, of course, Irene’s text alert goes off and everyone makes a fuss.
Irene avails herself of their shower once Sherlock gently shakes her awake. He loans her his best dressing gown while John hangs her damp clothes up to dry. It’s decidedly the least threadbare, and he’d prefer to go without another display of her… assets.
So he keeps his sentiments to himself, and carries on with his subtle campaign of stealing snatches of John’s time, attention, and scent.
with desire. Good
“Could you please stop it?” The man requests tersely as he walks ahead of the woman at a brisk pace, clearly trying to evade her. He’s perhaps a year or two older than the young man himself, and slightly below average height; though sturdy-looking, as if there’s more compact muscle hidden beneath his t-shirt and leather jacket than one would expect of a man his size. His purposely tousled hair is dishwater blonde, and his face thoroughly British and unremarkable.
“Boys?” Mrs. Hudson’s anxious chirp cuts in from the doorway. “Is everything alright?”
. I'm gone.”
“I just need to catch up with him, alright?”
“And here I am,” Sherlock quips, slipping a hand back down between them. The hiss that John lets out when his fingers make contact with their target is intensely gratifying. “I trust you,” he adds impulsively, pressing a tender kiss against the meat of John's shoulder.
“No,” he grudgingly admits.
“Sherlock! That’s not— I was… I was basically throwing a wobbly! I was sure the two of you were about to shag right there in front on me on the rug. I wasn't being
Sherlock’s mind stutters to a stop.
. What’s going to
“A hound. Out there, in the Hollow,” he bites the words out through gritted teeth. “
Intrigued, John digs into his pocket and fishes it out, handing it over willingly.
“Thank you, Mr Holmes.” The American commends politely behind him before commanding him to open it. Sherlock glances back discretely at Irene as he twists the latch, and is rewarded with a minute jerk of her head that confirms his suspicions.
Edward immediately responds with his best imitation of a grief-stricken brother. “Yes. Philip always preferred that I stay at the house, rather than just check in on her from time to time. Our mother remains in the country for most of the year, and it made him feel much more assured of her safety; having me here full-time.”
“There’s going to be a loud noise.”
Sherlock rocks back on his heels slightly in his hiding place, surprised by the vehemence of the reaction. It would appear that John had disapproved of Irene’s rather indiscreet attempt at courtship even more than he’d let on.
Despite himself, he can’t help but admit that she’s terribly…
Mike pauses, patting his pockets before cursing softly.
Is John upset about the the fact that he stopped Victor? No— incredibly unlikely. Sherlock had clearly expressed that the act had been unpleasant for him, and John’s concern for Sherlock’s well being has always, as a rule, exceeded his own concern for such matters of transport. John is an Alpha— perhaps he disapproves of the idea of an Omega copulating, even unsuccessfully with a Be-
“Oh? Is that how you plan to sell it then — me, your toy-boy?” He chuckles in self-deprecating disbelief. “Might have trouble convincing anyone then. At the very least, you lot could definitely afford something a bit prettier.”
It's obvious now; everyone knows that Alphas are possessive of their Omegas, but it’s often overlooked that the instinct goes both ways. Regardless of bond status, the hormones of pregnancy cause breeding omega’s to be more possessive of the sire. He’d even been jealous of John interacting with
of madness
He can’t even say that he’s surprised; it’s par for the course when it comes to his luck. Though, on the rare occasion that he allows himself to think upon it, he wonders at the unlikeliness of his infatuation. He’s always been a staunchly pragmatic man; without any tendency — or patience — for dramatics, and a preference for blandly, conventionally attractive bed-partners. And Sherlock is nothing if not dramatic, down to his very countenance. He’s mercurial in the extreme; prone to bouts of melancholy, widely interspersed by manic bursts of energy.
“A serial killer!” Sherlock just barely holds back from rubbing his hands together with glee, speeding his steps to stride ahead, beaming excitedly back over his shoulder at them. “Is it my birthday?”
“Better than
For the rest of his life, everyone is going to know that he and John belong to one another.
“Yes,” Sherlock grits out, fixing his own eyes on the hairline cracks in the plaster ceiling to avoid John’s as he feels the distinct tingle of a blush creep across his cheeks.
“We didn’t finish what we started in the library,” Sherlock offers petulantly.
Thankfully, all it takes is a few summoning calls, and the man himself appears in short order; though not before Sherlock manages to accidentally tumble out of bed and onto the floor.
He spares a second to hope that Mrs. Hudson is out, and hasn’t been subjected to
Thank you as always to my wonderful beta Miss_Communication for the second set of eyes, the excellent suggestions and the wonderful conversation!
“I beg your pardon?”
He turns back to John, carefully avoiding his eyes for one last moment as he collects himself. Once he’s certain that he can meet John’s eyes without giving anything away, he raises his gaze and begins to play.
“What do you normally say?” John explodes unexpectedly as he wheels back and stalks aggressively toward her. “You’ve texted him
“Oh.” John hears himself utter, as if from a great distance. The bottom of his stomach feels as though it’s attached to a lead weight.
” a horrified voice announces from the doorway. Sherlock lazily peers over his shoulder to where Mycroft stands with a hand splayed over his eyes. “Do you not have a perfectly serviceable bedroom in which to engage in this sort of thing?”
more time, the only thing that is going to be
And so he dips his head to do just that, cutting John off as he asks, “Which bit? Undressing me or the—”
“For God’s sake,” John chimes in with an aggravated cry. “
It’s the short work of a moment for Sherlock to fire off a few texts to his network, to ensure that he’s kept abreast of where the car is headed. He scrambles to change out of his pyjamas, and a mere handful of minutes later sees him climbing into a cab headed toward Battersea power station. Thanks to his intimate knowledge of the thoroughfares of London he even manages to arrive just in the wake of John and the mystery Beta.
John winces internally as the beta, Gary, fiddles anxiously with the computer and frets over their being booked in for a twin instead of a double.
He hooks Sherlock one knee over his forearm and grasps the base of his thick cock, rubbing it against Sherlock’s wet slit to make him squirm.
this baby.”
more unbearable.
in this flat belongs to you?!”
At the very least, Mycroft’s undeniably
got you up the duff! Do you realize how that sounds?”
” he curls his lip around the word disdainfully, cutting his gaze away toward the kitchen to avoid John’s own before he continues.
. Sherlock said he preferred sire-gendered males, he
he finishes in his mind with a blush, embarrassingly aware of the people around them that might overhear. Not that they wouldn’t be able to put two and two together from the fact that their discussing Sherlock’s
If inconvenient, come anyway. SH
as if
“No, they're obviously sleeping together. The pregnancy was undoubtedly accidental; no one in their right mind would get themselves into such a situation purposely, but contraceptives aren’t always entirely effective. In any case, she discovered that she’s carrying her brother-in-law's child shortly before her husband was due home. Not enough time for them to deal with the situation without arousing suspicion, even if they wanted to. Which obviously they didn’t, because they’re
an unbonded Omega above twenty in
“What’s new about this one? You wouldn’t have come to get me if there wasn’t something different."
John leans on the bar at Bart's, nursing the dregs of his pint as he stares blankly down at it’s slightly sticky surface. A pretty young brunette sidles up beside him, leaning in on her elbow.
“Oh no
“Well, I don’t suppose you remember much. You weren’t making a lot of sense” John hesitates for a moment and reaches up to ruffle his hand over the back of his head. “Oh, uh, I should warn you… I think Lestrade filmed you on his phone.”
him. If he could he’d shout it from the rooftops. He's
, however,
“First night.” He nods, and John’s eyebrows fly upward.
Once John’s managed to clean Sherlock up as best as possible
“I don't care,” she shakes her head dismissively.
“Sherlock!” Molly chirps in alarm while John curses. There’s a patter of footsteps, and then a hand settles tentatively on his back, stroking soothingly between his shoulder blades.
he hisses briefly, slowing his hips down entirely. His left hand leaves Sherlock's hip to reach past his cock and between his legs; searching fingers stroking the hot, slippery entrance stretched out around his own hugely swollen cock. "You're so wet," he marvels, and his moan of approval joins Sherlock's broken one as he gives a small twitch of his hips and feels himself slip deeper beneath his fingers. "You feel so ready. Are you ready?" He asks, hand sliding upward from Sherlock's slit to gently squeeze his small cock.
“Yes. Well… um,” Sherlock shifts in his chair and takes a shaky breath, “I have reason to be more concerned for my safety than I used to be. I may have neglected to…”
aware of exactly what a Dominatrix is.
“That's fine-” he hears John politely assure Gary behind him as he walks away, and his heart squeezes pitifully with relief in his chest. “We- we’re not… we’ll, uh, manage.”
Clearly put out by not being the centre of attention, Irene pipes up from her post over the remaining Beta. Keeping her pistol unwaveringly trained on the unconscious man, she grins wolfishly in Sherlock’s direction.
“I know one of the policemen.” She smiles cheekily. “Well, I know what he likes.”
say that my...
He supposes she had to find out eventually that there’s only ever been John for him; the way it counts.
“My wife was the just same with our first,” Lestrade informs John sympathetically somewhere over Sherlock’s head. “One whiff of bacon and she'd be sick all over the place. Not that I’m implying Sherlock eats people— I just meant y’know, familiar smells.”
“You can’t tell us anything?” John chimes in with a gentle prod, in Sherlock’s stead, just as expected. He has a certain talent for unobtrusively coaxing information from the reluctant that Sherlock finds both fascinating and terribly useful.
It seems to be off to a brilliant start; Sherlock praising him exuberantly for making a rather simple medical deduction when, in the midst of it, something…changes.
yes,” Sherlock admits haltingly. “I needed to confirm it at home, but… yes.”
“It’s going to be
would imagine him infatuated with Irene, for the simple sake of her being an Alpha, he cannot fathom.
child bearing another alpha’s name.
“Anything,” he breathes.
direction.
They’ve been at it for what feels like
“Yes, well. As it stands, it just so happens that John has inadvertently impregnated me,” Sherlock announces carelessly, as if it were as commonplace as reporting rain in London.
“Alright then,” he quickly interjects, face blotching red with embarrassment. “We’d best be off.”
,” he begs, “I can’t—
His research indicates that it’s a natural side effect of Omega pregnancy; a holdover from the days of yore, meant to ensure the continuation of the pregnancy through the delicate first trimester, when the presence of the sire is most crucial. Keeping that in mind, he stores up every moment in John’s newly expanded wing within his mind palace, to draw upon for the baby’s optimal development following John’s impending desertion.
“I’m sure I have no desire to know what sort of debaucheries you’ve engaged in with my brother, Captain.” He pauses to retrieve a sheaf of papers from the drawer of his desk. “In any case, the extent of your misdeeds is immaterial; the behaviour I witnessed taking place in my library is sufficiently ruinous in and of itself, and the damage has been done. I do hope, for my brother’s sake, that you don’t make a habit of disrobing and mauling young omegas.”
“Oh, but I think we
“Like I said before,” Sherlock smiles shyly, “that’s not what people normally say.”
.” He wrinkles his nose in distaste and brushes a patch of invisible lint from his sleeve. “I’ll wait outside.”
Once they’ve calmed themselves, John rises from the table to go refill their mugs, wiping tears of mirth from his eyes.
“Also… Mycroft was there,” John adds belatedly, and Sherlock wrinkles his nose with distaste.
” Sherlock drawls in a spectacularly unimpressed manner. “I gave it a great deal of consideration when the result of the situation became apparent, and while it will admittedly have a significant effect my lifestyle as it currently stands, it's an extraordinary scientific opportunity. Given my normally religious use of suppressants, and my disinterest in acquiring a bondmate, it’s highly unlikely to ever be a possibility again. I simply cannot pass it up.”
always
“Of course not. My research indicated that it would be near impossible to conceal past the scent change at fourteen weeks, and that was only if I didn’t start to show sooner, or if you didn’t piece it together yourself from the other symptoms. That had seemed especially likely, given that you are, indeed, a doctor. In fact, I rather hope your obliviousness isn't an overall reflection of your medical capabilities.”
Once Sherlock is safely back inside, he turns to leans upon the sill and, with a thoughtful expression, opens his mouth to speak.
He’s so wrapped up in his own thoughts that he’s caught off guard when Irene Adler struts into her sitting room. She’s reeking of unsuppressed Alpha pheromones and wearing nothing but a wicked smile, and Sherlock finds himself momentarily stunned. It’s partially owing to his own completely unavoidable biological reaction to her scent
“Yes. You’ll need to bring in Edward for further questioning
… Sherlock sits back on his heels to admire the long-awaited view, and all the new data that comes with it.
They stare at one another, and Sherlock blinks up at John anxiously from where he lies pinned halfway beneath. He feels unexpectedly flustered; painfully conscious of his pale, naked chest with its scattered freckles. Which is downright preposterous, considering the activity he just proposed that they engage in.
“I’ve missed something, haven’t I?” John cuts in suddenly from the doorway, and his reappearance thankfully saves Sherlock from having to dignify her aggressive overture with a response. He also, quite conveniently, serves as a perfect, guileless standard against which to compare Ms. Adler's exactingly controlled veneer. Sherlock flicks his eyes between the two Alpha’s, and an increasing sense of unease builds in his gut.
If, on occasion, it feels as though perhaps their gazes have lingered a moment longer, or grown a touch more heated than appropriate, John rationalizes that it’s merely a concoction of his hopeful mind.
“Oh! I suppose we should, uh… disrobe. To my knowledge, it’s generally a requisite step of the entire process.” Sherlock babbles, fully extending his arms beneath himself to sit up.
, that you can secret away from the outside world. I don’t
it's very, very sexy.”
They pass the rest of the evening ensconced in the library before the fire; Sherlock chattering away at a mile a minute, as if desperate to expunge all his built up thoughts and observations now that he has a captive (and willing) audience.
“Not exactly qualified to practice as a GP anymore now am I? Though— you wouldn’t
a drinker… has been since the first time she turned her water to wine at the dinner table at fourteen. It was inevitable I guess.”
they’re playing
about growing up, I mean. Though it’s, well, it wasn’t hard to deduce that you and Mycroft come from a certain… set.”
“Don’t be,” he pats her back reassuringly. “It’s fine. I’m well used to it.”
For the best, in any case, as the last thing that he needed was having to fend off the bungling advances of the any of obnoxious Alphas or the Beta males that the yard was positively teeming with. He'd much rather hole up at a Baker Street to wait out the the entire bothersome affair privately. He had several experiments on the go that he’d been meaning to attend to, and this was a good a reason as any.
“Yes,” the man-
And so he’d agreed.
makes him squirm.
John comes to a stop, turning to face her. “How many men do you think there are in St. Juniperus?” he questions, “Hundreds? Thousands?’
He springs from his seat and, crossing the room in two long strides, determinedly reaches for the doorknob. As he does, however, he vividly recalls the morning that his heat— and all it’s wonderfully disinhibiting hormones with it— had finally subsided. He freezes, his hand dropping to his side before he retreats back to the toilet. He sinks back down onto the lid, his heart squeezing in his chest at the memory of that morning, and their painfully stilted conversation over the breakfast table.
It would be easy to chalk it up to his usual post-deduction disinterest, but the fact that the case is very much so unconcluded tells John that something is different than usual. Though Lestrade doesn’t seem as terribly bothered by it as John is.
- make it to bed if you keep that up,” John gasps, urgently clutching the worktop with white-knuckled hands, and Sherlock pulls himself off with a wet slurp.
for this right now, not when there’s a case at hand! Giving his head a firm shake, he pivots on his heel and bounds down the stairs to the waiting cab.
substances only exacerbated that. I did say, after all, ‘
to take it.”
John blinks back at him for a beat, slow and measured, as if digesting the information.
he wants to tell her
he assumes from her giggles
,” Marie contends with a catty little moue. “Because here you are, ready judge me
That startles a laugh out of John, and the way his cheeks go ruddy sends a small thrill through Sherlock’s core.
with its care while you gallivant around London?”
Omega, and what did he do? He
especially those belonging to society’s upper echelons
Though, if Sarah’s utter lack of surprise as to who the father is
Mike Stamford, on the other hand, is just as cheerful and gregarious as he always was in uni (if a bit rounder). They buy coffee from the small stand at the end of the path, then settle in on a park bench to chat. Mike is still at Bart’s, having made the transition over the years from student to teacher.
“That's not very long at all.”
he barks at the two PCs, “outside.
treat her Eddie? Did you
“Yes,” he chokes out. “That’s— good.”
“God, there’s a horrifying image,” John grimaces.
“It’s for his own safety,” she bargains, plainly attempting to manipulate John by way of playing his protective instincts toward Sherlock against him.
— just committed a rather enormous faux pas.
“Haven’t you?” Sherlock teases, wriggling beneath the proffered duvet to press up against John’s side, resting his chin on John’s chest. “Frankly, I’m quite surprised. You've given the impression of being rather free with your favours.”
hormonal spike will be limited.”
“She had her viewpoint,” John shrugs. “There were things she believed and things she didn't believe in, and this place was one of them. Wouldn't even visit; take the trial run.”
” Sherlock bites back waspishly. “It was hardly as if I needed to put in great effort on my part to hide things from you, given how much time you’ve spent avoiding me.”
No such luck apparently.
Despite his brief experimental foray, Sherlock has never been overly interested in the intricacies of copulation and gender dynamics. A basic understanding of sexual relations was useful for the work, but given how unbelievably mundane it all was, he’d never bothered to take his research any deeper. John, on the other hand, had a manifest interest in such matters, and as a Doctor, a greater insight on the pertinent physiological details. Brilliant! Perhaps he’d be able to corroborate some long discarded hypotheses for Sherlock.
An instant later, Sherlock is blinking at the warm sun beating down on his face on the balcony of John’s flat. Curious. He’s never been here during daylight. It’s quiet warm, and… pleasant. The balcony doors open behind him suddenly, and John steps out of the flat to join Sherlock by the railing.
, apparently
As the months pass, what’s perhaps strangest, or rather, most difficult about their anomalous friendship is maintaining the fiction polite formality in the company of others. Even if Sherlock’s card weren’t perpetually full from the moment he steps into any ballroom, it would attract far too much attention for the lowly Captain Watson overstep his bounds to ask for a dance.
“Okay, that’s actually pretty unusual.” John’s voice takes on a concerned note again, and Sherlock doesn't even need to open his eyes to know that he's frowning. He finishes assessing Sherlock’s heart rate, but he doesn’t pull his hand away, just leaves it resting over his collarbone. Sherlock’s certain it’s meant to be comforting, but it’s anything but. Even the casual contact between their bodies feels maddening.
They fly open again almost immediately as a warm weight settles on his knee, and he stares in shock at the sight of Sherlock climbing into his lap.
“Yeah, well, if it wasn’t before it certainly isn’t
The rest of John’s statement is thankfully far simpler. They are, completely inarguably, engaging in exactly the sort of ineffectual activity that one might describe as ‘faffing’. And the bedroom has indeed grown dark with the setting of sun. The light spilling in from the kitchen and the dim glow of the streetlamp beyond the undrawn curtains lending them just enough light to make out one another's features, but he will allow the technicality to pass.
Lestrade misses it entirely, but John notices the falter, and the way something in Sherlock's expression shutters closed. Then he opens his eyes and delivers a brilliant stream-of-consciousness deduction, flipping through pages worth of evidence like it’s all little more than a simple connect the dots. Very
“Fine,” John nods sharply. “
know?” Marie hisses back at him, her eyes flashing with anger. “You don’t know what it's like to be in
“Well then, stop acting like it! I’ve done everything you’ve asked of me—
“What?” John asks blankly, and Sherlock’s finds that his voice trembles slightly as he elaborates.
, not...” John bumbles, trailing off as Mrs. Hudson’s eyes drift pointedly to Sherlock’s midsection. “And Dads now I suppose!” he adds with an awkward laugh. “But we won’t be… It was just a one time thing.”
“So am I to take it that you didn’t…” Mycroft hesitates awkwardly, “
“I get it.”
." Sherlock frowns thunderously, gritting his teeth as his long legs hurriedly swallow up John's headstart. "Sister! There's always
“Apparently.”
” he lifts the first photo to reveal the second beneath it, of a man climbing in through the window “
Sherlock casts a quick glance about to check for potential witnesses — the last thing he needs is to become the highlight of the Scotland Yard rumour mill — before hissing; “I’m pregnant, not an invalid!”
Instead, John says nothing, which reveals a greater depth of understanding than that of any bleeding-heart activist. Despite any complaints, Mycroft’s allowed Sherlock an astonishing amount of freedom, and they’re both well aware of the fact.
to have a large degree of freedom, but for most
by John's suggestion. Perhaps he's concerned that John disapproves of- of- whatever the hell it is between he and Irene. The unease on Sherlock’s face is not unlike a slap, reminding John of his promise to himself, and he forces a smile up at Sherlock in reassurance.
“Because you cater to the whims of the pathetic and take your clothes off to make an impression. Stop boring me and
“But a spouse can override them,” John infers, and she nods.
,” Sherlock smirks cryptically, “and it isn’t.”
“No, stop!” He cries, holding up his palms pleadingly.
They drive out to the cliffs overlooking the town, climbing up onto the hood of the jeep to sit, pressed close together and watch the sun set.
He claps his hands together delightedly and swoops around the sofa to plunk himself down next to John. He takes his yet un-touched tea in hand and belatedly joins the conversation.
John continues to stare blankly down at the floor, white-faced with dread, and the sight makes Sherlock’s blood turn to ice in his veins. They’re going to
“You know perfectly well. All this blissful domesticity— hardly what anyone expected of
“Some exhibited behaviours of estrual inebriation are heightened flirtatious behaviour, speech disinhibition and mild to moderate aggression toward other unbonded members of the same gender class. Case in point; you and Liam O’Donnelly bashing each other’s noses in over Tisha Hughes.”
thorough. Recalling Mycroft’s smug little jab at the Palace, he peers curiously over his shoulder to read his brother’s reaction, and is surprised to confirm that Mycroft truly
“Alright, fair enough— though I'd like to say, for the record, that you look absolutely nothing like a whale,” he grins. “But maybe we could pick a little less of a stuffy middle name for the little mite at least?”
“Bloody hell Sarah -” He jerks with a start, then shakes his head and marches past her without further hesitation.
they’re
he feel about it?
Of course, for all that it's fulfilling and awe-inspiring it’s also marvelously uncomfortable. More and more so with every passing day; the discomfort expanding in direct proportion to his waistline.
“Wait,” he blanches and snags the sleeve of Sherlock’s coat between his fingers. “Sherlock, maybe you shouldn’t…”
Sherlock swallows, forcing down the sudden swell of primal emotion, and smiles coolly at his brother. “There will be no hazard to my health whatsoever as I have no intentions to ‘resolve’ the situation, as you so tactfully put it.”
time is pretty bloody unusual,” John points out with an amused quirk of his lips. Sherlock inclines his head in consensus, flipping through the remaining stills. Sure enough, the second-to-last capture features a slightly fuzzy view of one of the tall french windows of the lounge area leading to the pool deck. Just visible through behind the gauzy curtains are Eddie and Marie, Philip's limp form slung between themselves. The final image is of Eddie alone; frozen in the act of lowering himself back down from Marie’s window ledge, just before six.
“I’m fine.”
that mind of hers. She
is kidnapping handles offences to his honour!” Sherlock opens his mouth to respond, but John barrels on, pointing an accusatory finger at him and cutting him off before he can speak. “And before you even
“Cheers for that,” Lestrade huffs longsufferingly. He turns as John emerges from the kitchen juggling three mugs of tea, and gratefully accepts one. “But that’s just it- we
When John storms angrily from the flat in a trim black jacket that actually suits him even
an especially distasteful image,” Sherlock drawls witheringly as he shudders in distaste. His insistent erection deflates slightly at even the thought
“As lovely as it is catching up,” Sherlock drawls sarcastically, “we’re
“N-n-no.” He finds himself stammering, his own face blooming scarlet to match John’s, the heated blush creeping all the way down to his chest. “Ah, I didn’t mean- I do understand the, uh, uh, particulars of the physical act. What I mean to say is- No. There isn’t anyone that I can, um, call.” He bites his lip, tries to keep them in, but the words spill out of him unintentionally. “I’ve never actually…”
“Mycroft…
“Not to me it isn’t.” John replies placidly, unmoved. He makes more room for himself, pushing upward insistently until Sherlock folds his left knee and plants his foot flat against the mattress. He strokes his thumb gently over the slick opening just below Sherlock’s cock, where testicles would hang were he an Alpha or a Beta, then carefully slides two fingers inside. “God, you're so
“Mmm, well that’s not
.” John’s eyebrows draw together in at this, the familiar crease between them making an appearance.
but only to study something appropriately genteel; Art History, or Music, or the like,” he waggles his fingers vaguely and turns his eyes back to John’s pointedly. “Something to ensure I was cultured and polished; a better ‘prize’ for my future bondmate. ”
“Hm.” Mycroft hums noncommittally.
“God, forget I said that,” he sighs heavily. He forces down his own shame and lifts his eyes to meet Sherlock’s determinedly. If he’s ever had reason to use the skills of observation that Sherlock has taught him, the time is now. No matter what
have a fair bit in common,” Sherlock jokes with a soft smile; a subtle attempt at placation. “In any case, while I briefly considered acquiescing, the more he pressured, the more I disinterested I became. Especially once he introduced me to cocaine, which was
It warms John to the core seeing her laugh, and stroke Sherlock’s hand affectionately. It’s so much like the way things used to be, before The Woman swaggered into their lives. And so, for the moment, he smiles up at them warmly, and lets himself bask in the sweetly domesticity of it, while it lasts.
of them, Omega?”
A drum of footsteps approaches and then suddenly the gate swings open before him, rusty hinges screeching in protest. He trips forward along with it, and the young constable on the other side yelps in surprise as she reaches out to catch him. He pushes away and past her the moment he’s righted, rushing toward the back of the car park.
actually interested in Omegas.”
“Fine,” he concedes with an extravagant eye-roll, and accepts both it and the bottle of water that follows immediately afterward. He unwraps the roll and grudgingly takes a bite before pulling a stack of papers toward himself with his free hand.
Do you... do you actually want this?”
“St. Juniperus is a party town. All up for grabs. Midnight's two hours away,” John informs him softly.
“I suppose it did,” Sherlock agrees solemnly, an unexpected surge of something akin to sympathy taking him by surprise. For a moment, a hushed silence falls over the room.
“There was clearly some misunderstanding at the admissions desk,” she purses her lips reproachfully, “and they mistook you for Mr. Holmes’ Alpha Maritus. We appreciate you seeing him here, but as you aren’t of any relation, you’ll have to wait out to the visitors lounge with other friends of the family. We’ve contacted his Alpha Familiae, and he’s on his way.”
“Here I am.”
Not for longer than it takes to blink at least.
“Worked...
it, indeed, an experiment?
“Is it?” Sherlock asks, his heart feeling as though it might claw its way out of his chest at any moment. “And what was it, exactly, that you expected?” he whispers, trembling slightly.
“I assure you my lady, the worst has long since past, and I am as recovered as I’ll ever be.” He offers with a soft smile as he bows deferentially over her fingers. “And I’m afraid I have no choice.”
“What?” John gapes, “How’d you know that?”
“Does that make me special?” She looks up from her phone with a pleased little smirk.
“No right?” John growls back. “I’m sorry, did you forget the small detail that that is, in fact, my child that you have in there?“ he shouts, stabbing an accusatory finger in the direction of Sherlock’s midsection. “I think I have somewhat of a vested interest in your safety!”
Sherlock was… Sherlock. His best friend. Brilliant, gorgeous, and absolutely barking Sherlock, who loathed the strictures set upon him by virtue of his gender. Who single-handedly upended every stereotype about Omegas there ever was, carelessly and unapologetically. Who’d saved him when he’d thought his life was over. And John had just… thought of him as
did this. And it might be terribly, stereotypically Alpha of me, but
By the time they make it to the village all John wants is a pint, a shower, and a kip. Preferably in that order.
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees more than a touch breathlessly, helpfully squirming out of his pyjama bottoms atop the duvet. “That sounds like an excellent plan.”
“Oh, is that so?” John tugs Sherlock to sprawl on top of him, smiling teasingly up at him. Sherlock doesn’t bat an eye, settling himself unabashedly astride John’s hips with a pleased sigh, before continuing on in mock seriousness.
” Mycroft simpers sarcastically. He presses his forehead against his thumb and index finger, exhaling louding through his nose in irritation. “Sherlock, be
you two… you know each other?!” Lestrade’s brows shoot up as he freezes in place and gestures incredulously between the two Omegas. “You might have said, y’know,” he advises Sherlock peevishly, “that you’re on a first name basis with one of the suspects and all. Bit of a conflict of interest there.”
Sherlock shakes his head, silky curls jostling about violently. He reaches down to tug at John’s shoulders with pleading hands, pulling the alpha closer. John goes willingly, blanketing Sherlock’s slender form with his own.
"That ... was amazing."
“Mm, thank you,” Sherlock drawls with an impish smile and John laughs, shaking his head fondly.
body parts as he searches, never stopping long enough for any touch to linger, which thankfully seems to suffice.
I just
Or so he tells the appallingly delighted omega wriggling about inside of him.
able to help him resolve some issues he was having early on, with the code; so, at least it helped get me in here that much sooner.”
of something so despicable either!”
The Butler greets them with rigid formality, eyes flickering with surprise when they alight on Sherlock. His face settles into a cool mask of disapproval and he politely informs them that Edward Cavendish is awaiting them in the drawing room, then leads them in it’s direction.
ONE. MORE. TO. GO!
you, Captain Watson,” the Duke commands icily without turning away from the sideboard as he pours himself a generous snifter of brandy. Fitzmaurice smirks as he offers Sherlock an exaggeratedly decorous bow, then briskls vacates the room in his father’s footsteps.
“Yes, you’re great. Now, I’ll be next door if you need me.” John laughs from above him softly, but there’s a strange edge to his voice.
So he finds himself wandering the back corridors of the Argyll Rooms, to avoid the inane tittering near the entrance; where the bulk of the guests preen over the cleverness of their costumes, and try to surmise which Raja is actually a Duke, or shepherdess a certain dowager countess making the most of her widowhood. Towards the end of the corridor, he catches the faintly spicy scent of an omega’s perfume. As he rounds the corner, he comes across a tall, lithe figure swathed in a swirling, feathered domino of all black; fidgeting with their bejeweled mask in the shadows.
Two innocuous kidnappings, and one semi-dressed standoff later, Mycroft is serving them tea in Buckingham Palace, and Sherlock is both newly clothed and smugly victorious. It’s endlessly amusing how the promise of nudity, either as enticement or offense, seems to always be such an effective bargaining chip.
can piece together what it is that she’s after with all the seemingly innocent questions she asks about his career, and the number of none-too-subtle hints that she drops.
” He insists again, frantic now; sheer panic suffusing his voice. It's a level of panic he's never felt before
Thankfully, John doesn’t appear to notice the outwardly visible of the two, distracted as he his with his attempt at discretion.
Though he knows that Stamford means only to bolster him, John instinctively bristles at the implied slight against his beloved sister-in-law. It reminds him all too well of their mother’s dismay when Harry had insisted on marrying her wife, despite the unfortunate assurance of her sterility as a beta. Be it as it may that it assures his own eventual inheritance (sooner rather than later, the way that Harry carries on) the very idea that Clara— the very soul of kindness and patience — might be considered inadequate over her inability to bear children, seems to John an inexcusable wrong.
Sherlock watches attentively from the upstairs window as John clearly mistakes the woman for one of Mycroft’s lackeys.
“Who’d want me for a mate?” John questions with a grimace, despite having come with just that purpose in mind. Stamford may have landed himself the daughter of a Duke, despite his rather homely countenance, but he’s the good sort, with far more to recommend him than meets the eye. A good name, though not lofty, and a more than respectable income; not one for gambling, whoring or otherwise carousing. Though John is likewise disinterested in such illicit exploits, neither has he the title or purse to weigh in his favour.
“Thank you Miss Hooper,” Mycroft offers politely as Sherlock gives the door a shove.
more pleasurable and only repressed my physical urges further.”
“Lord Sherlock,” John bows respectfully, then rights himself with his cane. “Forgive me, but how did you know?”
. Even if the thought makes him frown.
The sudden silence hangs heavy between them, only the harsh sound of his own breathing and the crackle of the fire in the grate filling the emptiness. For a beat, he’d like nothing more than to lay into the detective; to vent all his anger and frustration, to demand
of hurting Sherlock.
John.
“Your haircut and the way you hold yourself says military- no matter how long it’s been, such strongly ingrained habits are hard to break. Your neatly trimmed nails and the way you washed your hands- paying close attention to your nail beds and between your fingers, and lathering up past your wrists almost unconsciously- says doctor. Could have been a nurse, but something about your manner suggests doctor,” Sherlock rattles off then waits, with bated breath. for a response. “Well,” he demands impatiently after a few moments of silence, when it’s grown apparent that no answer is immediately forthcoming, “was I right?”
“And yet here you are,” Sherlock parrots his own words from that night with a crooked little smile that makes John’s heart stutter in his chest.
When he allows the warm glow brought on by his awareness of John at his heels to linger on unextinguished, he tells himself that it’s nothing more than a small concession to his Omega.
“Is he now?”
,” John prompts in trepidation as the growing tension unleashes a flurry of butterflies in his stomach. Sherlock clears his throat weakly and starts again.
It’s Mrs. Hudson who suggests the idea of paying every seller in a two-mile radius, which seems entirely impossible to John at first, but in the end turns out to be a simple matter of texting Mycroft. Apparently the release of additional funds from Sherlock’s trust fund, outside of his monthly allowance is perfectly acceptable for the purpose.
“It’s commonplace for Alpha’s attempting to seem more authoritative to use scent enhancers. When it’s applied heavily it’s mistaken for that, and disregarded without further thought. In the unlikely case that they
why people tell everyone,” John explains as he as he falls back, the distance between their bodies yawning as he props himself up against the opposite arm of the sofa. Sherlock feels a momentary twinge of disappointment, but then John stretches out and amiably tangles their feet together, and the sight of the two smaller, sock-clad feet nestled between his own warms him from inside out. “At the very least,” John continues obliviously, “we’ve got to tell Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade. I suppose I should tell Harry, but… “ he trails off, plucking his beer from the coffee table to take a long pull off it.
knew how to properly bring up an Omega. But once he died and Mycroft became your Alpha Familiae, he spoiled you
“So you don't feel bad?” Sherlock’s voice cracks slightly as he fights against the sudden lump in his throat. “Perhaps you
on Sherlock Holmes. And, by god, he’ll take what he can get.
“Yes,” Molly nods solemnly. “More than forty years ago now. It's been his whole lifetime, basically. So obviously the St. Juniperus system has been a big deal for him. The biggest deal! Of course now, until he passes over- goes permanent- he's on a five-hour weekly limit. I guess you're the same.”
“Cheers.”
The odd tone in John’s voice has Sherlock casting a surprised glance in his direction. “You don't like it.”
“Oh, I'm sorry, is that not precisely what happened?” Mycroft simpers, folding his hands over his umbrella handle and leaning forward to rest his chin on them. He beams like the miserable fiend that he is when Sherlock glowers thunderously in response. His mobile buzzes on the seat next to him and he rolls his eyes, plucking it from the leather to grimace at the screen.
Just not toward
“I assumed. Show me.” She extends her hand expectantly for the phone and he raises it up out of her reach. “The passcode,” he demands. She doesn’t so much as blink, continuing to hold her palm out patiently toward him. After a few terse moments, he relents and hands it over.
“But is so
bore and insists the information isn’t meant for ‘delicate eyes’.” With that, his mouth snaps shut and his monologue ends as abruptly as it began.
a friend,” she corrects bitterly.
He pinches his thigh, hard, suddenly sure that he’s caught up in the throes of a particularly fantastical dream. Nothing happens aside from the sharp twinge of pain in his leg, so he closes his eyes and rests his head blissfully back against the cushioned seat.
be able to appreciate, if only he hadn’t a tree branch lodged so firmly up his arse.)
“Mark my words Captain, we’ll have you bonded before the season is out!”
kids.” John marvels as he lifts his hand away and settles back in his chair. Sherlock stares down at his tingling thigh where John’s hand had just been and sighs.
only to correct the television,” John declares to the room at large as he executes a slow turn, to better examine the entirety of the space. “I’d say he was heartbroken but, uh, well, he’s Sherlock. He does all that anyw-”
Absolutely ridiculous of him in hindsight; John Watson is, after all, a doctor and caregiver first and foremost. Clearly the pregnancy hormones have been interfering with his reasoning.
names until now! You were talking to me while I was out again, weren't you?”
Had he forgone enlisting John and Mrs. Hudson in his campaign to quit, he honestly isn’t sure he’d be able to deny it, despite his best intentions. Considering that he’d kept his
know what he was thinking?
This isn’t what he’d signed up for when he’d agreed to Sherlock’s heart-stopping proposition; he’d never agreed to irrevocably change his life like this.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes out, finding it suddenly quite impossible to look anywhere other than into the fathomless blue of John’s eyes.
have noticed something that he himself had missed.
“No,” Lestrade has the grace to look sheepish. “Look, you can still come along— just, you'll have to stay with the secondary team outside.”
it?" He breathes heavily through his nose, face twisted in a scowl. "We had a daughter. Rosie. Always difficult, always beautiful. She died when she was thirty-nine, and Mary and I, we felt that heartbreak as
It isn’t all roses and sunshine of course. While Sherlock may not be bothered in the slightest about thwarting his brother's plans, for John the matter is far more ignominious. The following morning, John finds himself summoned back to the Duke’s home, to face the man’s cold-blooded displeasure.
“What was it?” He asks, though he suspects if she’s so delighted by it, he won’t want to know the answer.
The path is well lit with charming little lanterns, and there are more than enough fellow guests about to preserve an air of propriety. As they walk the gravel path arm in arm, John finds himself at a loss for words once again. Despite his desire to remain in their company, it’s admittedly difficult to surmise an appropriate topic of conversation when you’re entirely unaware of your partner’s identity, and he feels little desire to engage in the usual veiled flirtation that’s commonplace at these sort of affairs. As they round a well-kept topiary alongside the walkway, the omega startles him by grasping his sleeve and pulling him into the small, shadowed nook just behind it.
. He’s really quite proud of himself for his restraint, in fact, seeing as the urge to bare his teeth at her is overwhelming. Given the circumstances, he can hardly flee the flat to avoid her like last time.
a child, via proxy. An alpha heir to carry on the Holmes name.” He pauses thoughtfully and wrinkles his face in a moue of disgust. “That’s rather appallingly incestuous sounding, actually, if you think about it.”
And that’s that.
joint activities. This may come as a shock, but Mycroft is somewhat traditional.” John snorts at this and he chuckles in return. “He wouldn’t have approved of my having any sort of assignations outside of a bond,
. You don't know who I am- you don't know what this means!”
“What are you, Plymouth Brethren? That's one sheltered existence you got there.”
“No,” John cuts him off before he can spout off any more of that rubbish. “It’s not
“There will be two passcodes,” he informs his brother bitterly. “One to open the phone, one to burn the drive. Even under duress, you can’t know which one she’s given you, and there will be no point in a second attempt.”
experiment, with limitless, constantly changing variables. The very
an tidbit worth lording over his brother sometime in the near future. For an overbearing, pompous busybody, he certainly seems to have a questionable hold over his staff.
they all just sort it out on their own?” Sherlock calls after him. “I hardly see why we need to go about trumpeting the news to one and all, as though some sort of sideshow were coming to town.” The very idea of it; of going around announcing it to all and sundry — of everyone
“Oh, yes. We
While the hot water had beaten down on him in the shower, he’d painstakingly scrubbed two days of sweat and bodily fluids from his skin, and tried not to panic. He’d failed utterly. The preposterous idea he’d conjured up during his heat— of them establishing some sort of
“Lestrade?” Sherlock frowns. “I could be persuaded to see why we might share the news with Mrs. Hudson, but I don’t see what business it is of Gavin’s.”
“Maybe we should...”
And he’s not far off from being a beggar himself if he doesn’t see this through.
“Mm,” the Alpha hums in agreement, “wouldn’t be much of a chore bending him over and showing him his place. He isn't hard on the eyes
Lestrade hisses contritely. “Oh
The omega starts and freezes, pivoting about slowly about to face him. With the wisp of dark curls peeking out from beneath the domino’s hood, it puts him in mind of Sherlock— if he were to have even a modicum of interest in any sort of social fripperies.
Sherlock gapes at him, wide-eyed and pale. “
“I’m red lighting you, alright?” He declares firmly. “Enough.”
“What's going on out here?” Lestrade cuts in suddenly as he appears in the archway that leads out to the sitting room. He looks between John and the two PCs, raising his eyebrows pointedly at his men. The Beta, at least, has the grace to look abashed, casting his eyes downward and shuffling his feet.
for Alphas and Betas who enjoy that sort of thing, and are prepared to pay for it.” Mycroft elaborates, as if Sherlock isn’t
which, let’s face it; of course you are.” Lestrade sighs and briefly looks heavenward. “Could be that Philip found out about it, flew into an Alpha rage, and then she killed him accidentally in defense. ”
“First off, you
John, embarrassingly, has nothing much to say in response to that.
“You miss your… sister?” He guesses, but John doesn’t answer. Instead, he takes the photograph from Sherlock hands and replaces it wordlessly, staring up into his eyes as he steps close and tilts his head upward to press their lips together. Sherlock brings his hands up to cup John’s face between his palms, and John does the same in turn as the kiss deepens.
” Sherlock’s eyes widen at the sound, and he bites at his lip as he shifts his hips, rocking down against John once more. “That’s… um, very good.”
“So you slept with him… as an experiment?” John concludes incredulously, eyebrows drawing back together again as he visibly digests the information. It’s really a wonder that the wrinkle between his eyes isn’t significantly more pronounced, with how often he repeats the action.
As if Sherlock’s eating habits weren’t already lackluster, they grow worse over the next few weeks following Irene’s demise. He rarely, if ever, touches the breakfasts that John or Mrs. Hudson present him with, and picks at his dinners even more disinterestedly than usual. John tries to reason with him that he can hardly subsist on tea alone, but his pleas go unacknowledged.
Sherlock sprawls across his bed, listening to John bustle about the kitchen, brewing mulled wine and preparing a veritable horde of hor d'oeuvres. The sound of John softly humming a carol, and the warm, spicy scent of cloves and anise drift down the hall and in through his open bedroom door.
They lay in silence for a brief span of time, and he allows himself to think of how lovely it is— John lying here next to him. Warm and cozy, while that buzzy tingle spreads out over him, simmering pleasantly below his skin. He can manage this just fine. In fact, maybe the agreeable distraction of John’s company can help keep his mind off of his deplorable condition while he waits it out.
Later that afternoon, in the car on the way to the base, John scents the air discreetly, and his nose wrinkles with distaste. “Oh, I thought you hired the car- you never said it was Mycroft's.”
He’d like to be able to delude himself with thoughts of false results, but that had become increasingly less likely with each successive test. No, it appears that he's been suffering from something markedly more significant than the flu. He drags both hands up and fists them in his hair and focuses on breathing evenly.
It’s surprisingly…
” John argues with slack-jawed incredulity. “You were just a
,” Sarah tries insisting.
borrow my laptop,” he points out, as much to himself as to Sherlock.
He pushes Sherlock’s knees apart, draping them up over his shoulders before he unceremoniously slides three fingers in from where he’d just withdrawn— where Sherlock is swollen and wet and open; dripping with their combined fluids. He sets a rhythm immediately, twisting and wriggling them in a manner that makes Sherlock's brain short out. Sherlock drops his head back with an animal moan, spine arching wildly as wet heat closes around his cock.
whoever sired it has been present often enough to ensure the continuation of the pregnancy. Hence,
what he’d been doing in the loo that evening.
“They don't worry.” Sherlock laughs spitefully. “Just the
He could let her take him to bed; he has no doubt that she’d be able to introduce him to any number of deliciously agonizing pleasures. She
What he’d always thought would be horrifying instead fills him with wonder and affection. No matter what happens, he and John will always be connected to one another by this thread; this new life that they’ve created together.
“Transporting precious cargo more like,” Sarah quips cheekily as she reaches down and flicks a switch, and the speakers crackle to life, filling the room with a rapid little
agree to the plan.
“No! I’ve done…
The very idea makes him feel strange; simultaneously deeply pleased and oddly melancholic.
before — just before John pulls back to giggle; “Never thought I'd willingly agree to let you experiment on me.”
He turns back to face the alleyway, ready to retrace his steps, but John is already gone.
“Sarah…”
“Sorry, must’ve forgot it in my office.”
"Yeah," John agrees, scratching self-consciously at the back of his neck. "But Dad was too, and his Da before him. Runs in the Watson blood, I guess."
Ah, so it’ll be one of
He ruffles his curls violently with both hands and tries desperately to think
Sherlock? Did it occur to you? Couldn’t you
“Yes, but I clearly indicated that I would have informed you bef
“Ah well, there you have it! Guess you’d best be off
“That’s… not what people usually say,” Sherlock volunteers shyly.
Once crisis has been averted, John holds the poor, ill-used cushion by one corner and eyes it’s singed embroidery.
Yes. Now that he’s taken a moment to consider it, that’s doubtless the case.
“With each other?” Sherlock blanches in shock.
John follows gratefully, eager to be off his aching leg.
“The… Sorry?” Molly’s voice is soft and small.
” Sherlock repeats incredulously, and John attempts to barrel on.
Over the next few weeks, John’s condition continues to deteriorate, and he stubbornly refuses to log in to St. Juniperus the whole while, despite his allotted blocks of time. The nurses exchange concerned glances over his head and behind his back with increasing worry, concerned about the sudden change in their usually playfully flirtatious, affable patient. He spends the vast majority of his days seated by a window with his oxygen tank, staring out over Battersea Park and the Thames, deep in thought, while he incessantly twists the ever-present gold wedding band on his left ring-finger.
“Yes, I was wondering if you might be able to—”
under any circumstances,
“Condom?” John says, then after a beat, drops his head down onto Sherlock’s shoulder with groan. “You don’t have any, do you.”
John's arms tighten around him briefly and a firm, lingering kiss is pressed into his shoulder.
“In the garden,” Sherlock elaborates. "Your pupils dilated, and your heart-rate increased.”
As he covertly passes her from behind a series of pipes, Sherlock sees the Beta lift the phone to her ear. “He’s on his way. You were right,” she smiles into the receiver, “he thinks it's Mycroft.”
within his body in a way he’s never felt before. It’s not at all an unpleasant feeling actually, similar enough to a mild high to be familiar, but
“Oh yes! Lord Sherlock, might I present my good friend, Captain Watson? He's the brother of the Viscount Sondes. Captain Watson, this is Lord Sherlock Holmes.”
sure about
. You’re my best friend, and I’m happy to do this if it’s what you want to do. I’m not going anywhere.”
“It's a bother at work. Would have thought you'd have just deduced it,” John tries, but the joking tone falls flat between them.
“It didn’t seem especially relevant,” Sherlock answers with a perfunctory shrug. “Most Omegas of an age know one another in our social strata. In passing, at the very least. We generally aren’t permitted to move about in a wide variety of social circles.”
The only response is a firm hand against the back of head, pressing him down again.
Sherlock declares sharply, instantly shutting down
As the minutes stretch out, Sherlock becomes increasingly aware of the their closeness again; the uniform rhythm of John’s breaths, the warmth radiating off his body. His fingers twitch with the urge to reach out and
“I should like to kiss you,” Sherlock offers plainly as he better seats himself atop John's thighs.
“Didn't think you were capable of miscalculating anything other than social situations.” John teases, before visibly transitioning back into Doctor mode with a small, firm shake of his head. “When did you stop taking them?” He moves his hand from Sherlock’s cheek to press two fingers against his pulse point. The continuing contact sets Sherlock's already fluttering heart to racing, and he squirms helplessly, squeezing his eyes shut to help focus as he responds.
“Are you alright? You’re looking a bit peaky.” John questions as he perches gently on the side of the bed. He reaches to rest his hand against Sherlock’s brow, brushing aside sweat-damp curls to do so. “You feel feverish.”
“It’s a synthesized reproduction of Mycroft’s scent; a formulation of my own design. Incredibly useful for getting into places normally off-limits to omegas. I originally devised it in university, to enable myself to safely loiter in… less than savoury places.”
John stares down at him, than looks toward the window, where a sliver of moonlight peeks through the curtains as they billow slightly on a cool breeze. The window he’d most assuredly shut before retiring to bed. He turns back to Sherlock and arches a brow.
“Mr. Holmes has been reviewing the case files for us, and he has some questions to ask you,” Lestrade finally announces, and Sherlock expectantly swivels his head about to make eye contact with Lestrade over Eddie’s head. Lestrade rolls his eyes mildly, but then gives a permissory tilt of his head.
“That would be entirely unacceptable,” Sherlock offers with a smug grin as he pulls John's pants the rest of the way down his legs, skimming his fingers over the soft bristle of golden hairs that dust his muscular calves.
He’s never been bothered in the slightest by the various sights and smells of putrefaction. It has, in fact, been the source of many a disagreement within the confines of 221B. (After the incident with the cow tongues, John and Mrs. Hudson had even banded together to establish a firm set of rules governing his experimentation with remains of any sort within the flat, heavily dependent upon refrigeration and labelling. Terribly unscientific-minded of them.) But now, try as he might to contain his composure, he barely makes it two steps before he’s forced to bolt for the bin and violently empty his stomach of its contents.
This part is a touch difficult — the height difference between them somewhat of an inconvenience — but they know each others bodies so well now that they manage to arrange their limbs in the right position with little interruption. Once their in place, John resumes a steady pace, carefully rocking into the omegas body.
“Mrs. Cavendish, I’m Detective Inspector Lestrade,” Lestrade turns to introduce himself to Marie, flashing his badge briefly. “In light of our recent discoveries regarding your Alpha’s death, we've taken your brother-in-law into custody on suspicion of homicide. Before we did so, he disclosed to us the, uh, full nature of your relationship.” He sits down next to Sherlock and pulls his phone and notepad from his pocket. He waves his phone about to display it clearly as he sets it to record and then places it and the side table to the right of Marie. “Mr. Holmes here is one of Scotland Yard’s consultants. Due to his input, we’re well aware of your... um,
“Fourteen weeks,“ Sherlock provides. “We're past the first trimester now.” One hand strays unconsciously toward his midsection as he speaks, and he quickly endeavours to disguise the protective gesture behind the smoothing an errant wrinkle.
“Since I woke up,” Sherlock admits sheepishly, rubbing a hand soothingly over his belly. “And… I don’t know. I was ignoring them — I thought they were just Braxton Hicks again.”
There's a framed photograph on the mantle of a young woman, and Sherlock picks it up to examine it closely. She’s slight and blonde, and bears a striking resemblance to John; impishly mugging for the camera beneath bunting that reads ‘Happy Birthday Rosie’.
“Bedroom,” John murmurs, tugging Sherlock backward and through the sliding glass doors into kitchen behind them. There’s a short hall on the other side of it, at the end of which is John’s bedroom. They crash through the door, their mouths remaining locked together the whole while, and tumble onto the bed in a tangle of limbs.
“I may have neglected to share some relevant news with you regarding my… current condition.”
Mycroft narrows his eyes but doesn't comment further. The sound of water rushing through the pipes in the loo echoes in the quiet of the flat.
“Thank you. You were very observant.”
with me! I’m just
arguing with himself like a nutter. No, Sherlock said he was
about it. What he does or thinks in private has no bearing on their friendship- so long as Sherlock never,
anyone. So you've been completely bloody inconvenient…” he takes a deep, steadying breath, “It's that I don't know how long there is. And I can't... I wasn't prepared for you. For wanting something -”
“Yes, I gathered as much,” he drawls, and John snorts in amusement. “Sherlock.”
“Sherlock,” John scolds, staying him with a gentle touch to his forearm. “Don’t be ridiculous. You’re not going anywhere in this state. I’m sure there’s just a bit of a misunderstanding. We’ll get this sorted and— “
in all his life. The only thing keeping him alert is pain and adrenaline from the rising sense of dread that’s beginning to set in.
John barks a laugh, and looks to Sherlock.
Sherlock blinks up at him in surprise, startled by the intensity of John’s reaction. He doesn't understand why John takes any reminder of Sherlock’s past substance abuse so poorly. It’s long done and over with, and while he acknowledges that perhaps he’d not had the control over the habit he’d thought he did at the time, he refuses to let the spectre of it haunt him forever.
it when people mistake them for a couple. It has his alpha side puffing up with pride and possessiveness, despite the best efforts of his more logical side.
“Yeah, okay. Maybe next time ask for his card.”
“Irene Adler, professionally known as
fine,” Sherlock barks back, his arousal quickly shrivelling up in the face of his mortification.
By the time he’s settled Henry down and feels comfortable leaving him on his own, Sherlock is nowhere to be found. Not that John’s particularly surprised. It’s par for the course, really. The moment that any vulnerable human element arises is generally when Sherlock tends to vanish into thin air. He makes his way back to the inn unbothered, enjoying refreshingly cool night air with its pleasant hint of woodsmoke from somewhere off in the distance.
The former has clearly been less successful than the latter.
for Omega’s to be running about with the
The opportunity to inform Lestrade presents itself sooner than anticipated; a text arriving late the next night about the discovery of a grisly dismemberment in Higham Hill. Sherlock can’t even bring himself to hide the summons from John in avoidance, because he’s been absolutely itching for a case and this one promises to be at least a seven.
“Sherlock?” John’s in the hall now, his voice tinged with concern, and moving closer between the first and second syllable of Sherlock’s name.
“Yes,” John inclines his head in gobsmacked assent. “But… how can you
your email if you hadn’t said so. So really,
Much later, they lie tangled up together in the bed linens, listening to the sounds of London filtering in through the open window. The duvet is lost somewhere on the floor, entirely unneeded and unmissed thanks to the lingering heat between their bodies.
but this... you smell like an
“Oh, piss off!” John snaps back loudly, momentarily forgetting himself. When a few nearby diners look over interestedly, he realizes his slip. He leans forward sheepishly, lowering his volume to a harsh whisper. “It isn't as if you've got a bloody neon sign floating above your head announcing ‘I’m pregnant’. It’s not
He’s repeatedly tempted to confess his… feelings
if this was the very last night
“Well, now that I’ve shared my banal little narrative, it do believe it’s your turn. That is how these “sleepover” engagements work, is it not?” He demands impatiently, and John starts a little, turning to him with wide eyes.
John — I’m pregnant. There’s no getting around the fact that we obviously had intercourse,” Sherlock barrels on without so much as a blink. “But, given the impact the duration of my cycle suppression was expected to have had upon my fertility, we hadn’t thought conception to actually be possible. In
He grins as he types in his reply.
Not that Sherlock needs the reminder, what with every word of it seared into his brain.
“Did I get anything wrong?” Sherlock asks, shoving his hands into his pockets as they cross the road.
“Children are… objectively not uninteresting. They can of course, be cruel and thoughtless,” he flutters his fingers in a small wave of acknowledgement, “but I'm given to understand their behaviour is largely attributable to how they’re reared.” He shrugs. “Not unlike dogs really.”
“We can certainly think of it as such.” Sherlock smiles in return, though it doesn’t quite reach his eyes.
, but you don’t
“Well, alright then,” he speaks up suddenly one peaceful Friday evening, startling the young nurse, companionably perusing a magazine in the armchair across from him.
“How the hell… You smell just like him!” John exclaims, then flushes, “I mean, obviously you
“Oh yes,” Sherlock agrees scathingly. “A bit of a tumble. Apparently that’s the new way to refer to taking a header off the second storey of a building.“
How on
“Right,” Lestrade allows, looking to Sherlock’s blood-stained front with a start, as if having forgotten the state of it. "Taylor, Jenkins
he chides with a wince,
“Worked...
“Thank you,” John replies as he reaches for his own mobile to begin coordinating. “So, why don’t we…” He glances up just as Sherlock holds the phone up to inspect it and visibly deflates. “Oh, for…”
The bloody jumper on the other hand is definitely mad bastard's fault.
He strides back to the fireplace and runs his fingers beneath the mantelpiece, searching out the switch he’d suspected the presence of earlier. The mirror glides upward, revealing the safe hidden behind it, and he turns to look mockingly back at her. “Really hope you don’t have a baby in here. I mean, there’s subverting Alpha stereotypes, and then there’s just being terrible at it.”
The nurse and John exchange a look and John rubs at the back of his neck.
, and I
fine. I’m absolutely fine,” he lies.
Sherlock sighs and takes a long, deep swallow of his tea before cocking his head in a pensive manner. “It wasn’t entirely
Sherlock marvels nasally from behind his hands as he attempts to stem the gush of blood from his nostrils. John hovers at his side, reaching up to press his own hands over Sherlock’s in assistance. “You lot work with
The thought is like a shock of cold water to the face.
drive their Alpha away.
The entirety of the walk home, John is positively
stay put. He’s not going anywhere Sally.”
for God's sake;
But there’s something oddly vulnerable in Sherlock’s eyes that stops him.
Her lips quirk as she gazes intensely back up at him and accepts the proffered device.
he’s missing something.
All the activity in the room screeches to a halt as every officer turns to gape at the two Omegas grappling on the sitting room rug. In an unanticipated show of strength, Marie viciously twists one hand in Sherlock’s curls, and yanks upward before shoving back down again, slamming his face against the floor.
It’s hard readjusting to the damp of England after so long in the Middle East, and the weather makes the freshly healed wound in his shoulder ache, but he goes out anyways, limping aimlessly around the familiar streets of central London with his cane.
wants him.
“Shit, thought I’d be done by the time you got here. It’s half three— do you just summon cabs out of bloody thin air?”
He supposes that he should just tell John.
He allows himself a moment of complete and utter panic before he shakes himself internally. He can’t… He cannot give this-
little nickname, his own is rather inaccurate.
an increased chance of complications. If there’s something wrong, it’s better to know about it straight away.”
part at least. But don't despair! Life continues to be super hectic, and it's been difficult to set aside the time to write, but I definitely haven't abandoned ship! There are still a few more parts of the series to go- I just find it easier to stick to writing if I'm working with digestible portions, rather than one long rambling epic. When I gave in to the urge to write
What's the point?” Sherlock sputters definitely. “What? Where are you? Leeds?’
The reply pops up inside of John’s head before he can even give it any conscious consideration. He catches himself quickly, before he can follow that train of thought too far along, and gives himself a good firm jolt.
A prolonged absence of the sire’s scent (or that of their close blood relstions), during Omega pregnancy results in spontaneous termination in ninety-seven point eight percent of cases. After the second trimester the risk, as well as that of stillbirth, diminishes to less than ten percent— though chances of premature delivery remain high. While it's a terrible risk for Omegas unwillingly separated from their mate and family by circumstance, it’s also the most commonly, and easily, pursued route for Omegas who find themselves in an undesired condition.
“Oh,” John blurts softly with surprise. He stares at Sherlock intensely for a few moments, eyes dark and unreadable in the dim glow from the fire. Sherlock stares back, willing himself to keep any hint of his thoughts from his own eyes.
“Like that doesn't happen in every senior home already,” John scoffs. “The system's there for therapeutic reasons. Immersive nostalgia therapy. Plunge you into a world of memories. Helps with Alzheimer's- that's what they say at least.”
it takes John a moment to connect the dots, but then the realization crashes into him like a lorry.
“Alright. I’m sure you’ve already deduced most of it anyhow. Ah, well, I was a bit of one off in the family. My Mum and my Da were both Betas, and so were their own folks. There was Harry, and then I came along and it was a bit of a surprise. One of my Great-Granddads on Mum’s side was an Alpha, but besides that, we Watson’s have had Beta blood through-and-through. I honestly didn’t give it much thought to be honest— it’s not as though Omega’s are thick on the ground. And you lot tend to come from the posher set— I only ever even knew a few of them growing up.”
Sherlock has spent days on end out of sorts, and it's honestly beginning to drive John around the bend. He’s been flopping about the flat listlessly, sleeping for unusually long stretches and turning his nose up at anything other than tea and toast. John would be inclined to assume he's coming down with something, if it were anyone but Sherlock; who, for all intents and purposes, has always appeared to be immune to such weaknesses of lesser mortals.
“Two hours, thirty-five,” Sarah informs him meaningfully with a coquettish smile. “There’s not much time left.” John sighs and runs a hand through his hair.
“Uh, three,” John replies with a look of surprise. “Three months. Plan is long enough to enjoy myself.”
And you still keep demanding more!”
“Actually,” John leans forward hopefully across the table, cradling his tea between his hands, “Funny you should say that…”
His eyes flick toward her lips momentarily as he shivers minutely in distaste. There’s only one person he feels any desire at all to impress, and it’s certainly not
“I’m pretty amenable to that," John agrees. He plants his hands against Sherlock’s chest and begins guiding him backward into the hall. He pushes up on his toes to press their lips together again, slipping his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth the moment it opens for him. A beat later, he chuckles low and dirty into the kiss; the burble bursting effervescent across Sherlock’s tongue like a fizzy drink. He lets out a moan of delight at the sensation — he's never tasted anyone's
Sherlock grins as he plucks the eyesore from John’s hands and flings it through the open window, out into the dark of the garden below.
In all honesty, he’s not even sure he’s ever
on the other hand, was really
of him; his sweat and saliva smearing across Sherlock’s skin, his breath mixing with Sherlock’s as they pant together. It’s better than cocaine, or heroin, or morphine, or any combination of chemicals that he’s ever injected into his veins. He suddenly has a much better understanding of why people seem to be so mad for it; lying, cheating, stealing and killing over it.
John hardly needs the prompting, drawing his fingertips out momentarily to grip Sherlock’s hips and adjust him slightly higher on his lap, aligning the omega’s small, straining erection with his own. Sherlock whimpers, grinding his little cock against John’s as the alpha coats his fingers liberally with Sherlock’s own wetness before pushing back up inside the tight little passage. He drives his fingers in far deeper this time, pressing in slowly until he’s buried knuckle-deep, careful not to cause any pain.
and we wouldn’t have gotten anywhere on this without him, so we might as well get as much out of it as we can.”
“Well, of course it was,” John beams over at him. “It was extraordinary. Quite extraordinary.”
little brother. He’s also an Alpha, fourteen years Philip’s junior
This is all
, you live independently, you have a
“We’re not a couple.” He defends, cringing internally at how pathetic it sounds. At how he so blatantly avoids answering her question, and they’re both aware of it. But it’s true. Because John Watson is too boring- too
“Oh dear Lord,” Mycroft drawls dramatically upon connection. “We’re not going to have Christmas phone calls now, are we? Have they passed a new law?”
“Yes, well I…” John shifts uneasily on the edge of the bed, and then turns to make a bit of a shooing gesture in Sherlock’s direction. “Ah hell, you may as well budge over; if we’re going to make a proper slumber party out of this.” Sherlock sputters a bit, but shuffles to the far side of the bed to make room for John regardless. John clambers up onto the duvet, plumping one of the pillows up before settling back against it with a sigh. “Much better.”
the freak.”
Of course,
Marie Cavendish…
loathes
do that to
“And don’t even try bringing up the laundry you did last month again. I had the
“Why, if
He rattles off the address succinctly, then squints at the her through the perspex and forces himself to focus through his growing haze on the myriad of infinitesimal clues she wears all over her person.
John struggles with the neatly tied cravat at Sherlock’s throat, cursing fashion and the peerless skill of the omega’s abigail all at once. His unsteady fingers working determinedly until the knot finally gives. Crisp white linen unfurls in his hands, and he impatiently tugs it free and casts it away, shoving aside the starched collar beneath to expose the creamy expanse of Sherlock’s bare, unmarked neck. John stifles a growl at the sight, barely containing the instinctual alpha impulse to sink his teeth in and claim.
Sherlock gives a final snort, taking John’s empty plate and mug in hand and setting them alongside his own on the bedside table.
“No Sherlock,” John insists again, though more gently than before. He tugs his hand free to cup Sherlock’s face, drawing it close to press tiny kisses along the sweet curve of his cheekbone. “We’ll wait, love. I don’t want your first time to be a hurried tumble in the dark, and I refuse to take any more of a risk against your honour. I want to take my time and spread you out on our marriage bed, as you deserve.”
The Alpha barks something at Irene, and the Beta wrangling her shoves her to her knees beside John. Sherlock couldn’t care less about her at the moment, all his focus intent on John, who’s curled in on himself as much as is possible with his hands tucked up behind his head, his breath growing shakier by the moment.
“Mm,” Mycroft lowers his gaze back to his phone and hums with polite disinterest, saving Sherlock from further embarrassment. Sherlock squirms in his seat, loathe to disrupt the polite fiction of his independence.
“Last week was last week,” John interrupts her decisively.
“I hope that’s not a reference to the size of anything you’re expecting to find underneath my clothes.”
“A what?!” Lestrade squawks, eyes going wide as the proverbial saucers. He winces, then self-consciously drops his voice immediately to a sharp whisper. “You mean that Sherlock’s…” He trails off, eyes darting to Sherlock and roving wildly over his form in stupefaction, as if expecting to find he’s suddenly sprouted bulging belly in the past few moments.
“Ah, yes,” Sherlock smirks in acknowledgement of the infinitesimal twitch of Mycroft’s nostrils. Over Mycroft’s shoulder, John’s eyes widen in alarm and he hastily makes his way to the sofa, deliberately placing himself as far from the other alpha as possible while still remaining within the room. “I was wondering how long it would take you. Seven and a half minutes; you’re getting
“God, look at you,” John praises, stroking his cock with a tight, merciless grip. Sherlock feels the knot bumping against his slick entrance with every thrust. It’s swelling quickly now, almost at it’s full width; if John doesn't knot him soon, it won't be able to fit past the tightening ring of muscles just inside his opening. John's never shared a heat with an Omega before- perhaps he doesn't realize. He's seized by a sudden flood of panic. He
“Look, John,” she starts, trotting along beside him, “I know I’m coming across -”
“Sherlock? What in the bloody— “
his shirt, unfortunately, is a complete loss
“John, you
“Yes,” John offers dreamily without thought, than catches himself and clears his throat, “It would be my utmost pleasure my lord,” he hastily adds.
He squeezes his eyes shut and presses a hand to his abdomen.
”Sherlock...” John frowns at him across the span between their chairs. “You’re just what?”
“I don't hate
He forces a smile to his face and hopes fervently that it appears suitably grateful.
John hasn’t realized
“Absolutely
Drugs are an easy enough thing to sweep under the rug, but a
He expects John to tire of their newfound bed habits as he grows larger and more cumbersome, but the Alpha surprises him. It isn’t until late into his sixth month, and a murmured conversation while they’re in the midst of making love that he finally realizes just what it is that’s going on.
him.”
not about about mates, or bonding or Alphas! You’re just a
Lestrade is waiting for them out front of the small commercial building when they arrive, nursing a steaming takeaway cup of coffee and furtively smoking a cigarette. He tosses the butt aside guiltily as Sherlock approaches.
expect that I will allow you to tarnish the family name in such a shameful manner!”
Sherlock scrabbles at his pocket in a desperate bid to preemptively silence his mobile. He just manages to fish it out as John speaks up again from the other side of the pipes.
It seems a bit of an overreaction for having a bit of a fright, but if there’s one thing that Sherlock
It’s possibly the most
we’re not… we’ll, uh, manage.”
From Sherlock’s tactful delivery, John can imagine the exact nature of such ‘expressions of surprise’. He imagines some of the pompous prigs of the ton that he’s had the misfortune of knowing being on the business end of such a verbal dissection. Try as he might, John can’t hold back the burst of laughter that bubbles up from him. Sherlock struggles to keep a straight face, but quickly dissolves into giggles of his own, and Stamford joins in with a genial chuckle of his own.
“Don’t be ridiculous John,” Sherlock huffs, burrowing deeper under the afghan to hide his struggle to keep a straight face. “I never wear
, but I’m — ”
Thank you to everyone who's been reading along, leaving kudos and commenting! Your interest and enjoyment makes my day and keeps me plugging along!
is at stake; does she not understand the gravity of the situation? Why is she looking…
If Michelle notices his distraction at all, she doesn’t comment on it, happily chattering on about... well, he has absolutely no idea what. He forces himself to focus on her words, only to discover she’s in the middle of what
The Alpha merely cocks his head at Sherlock consideringly, his eyes utterly flat and emotionless. “I’m prepared to believe you any second now.”
“She’s tired of working as a secretary and wrongly assumes that, as a doctor, you must be well enough off to keep her. She also happens to be carrying on a rather lacklustre affair with her married boss and resents the amount of time he spends with his wife, so either way she’ll happily take you to bed if only to get a bit of her own back,” Sherlock clicks his tongue sharply on the final consonant, and stares up at John defiantly.
“Oh no, we're not - uh,” he stammers in reply when Gary apologetically informs him that they haven’t any doubles available for a few days.
I most definitely did
“Oh good. I’m glad you agree,” John chuckles warmly and, without any further warning, rocks forward and presses their lips together.
Her words trigger a thought in Sherlock’s mind, and he considers it, drumming his fingers softly on his still-flat abdomen as he thinks. In his mind, he shuffles through the data he’d carefully collected only hours before. He compares it against the vast array of information that he’s stored on the subject over the years.
His Omega questions derisively.
And with that, Sherlock executes a sharp u-turn and they speed away; heading off into the sunset, toward the distant lights of town.
“Better?” He demands with a laugh, tossing his own top hat to join John’s in the backseat as he steps up alongside the jeep, and John whoops with delight, jumping to swoop him into an enthusiastic embrace. They kiss without reservation, right there on the pavement in the daylight, for all the world to see.
“Oh, Hello!” They turn to find a mousy young woman, hair tied in a neat side braid and clad in one the facility’s distinctive understated uniforms. She stares hopefully at John. “Pardon me! Is it... John?”
He hasn't pulled rank in ages, and it's just as much of a rush as he remembers it being. Better even, because he's never done it in front of Sherlock before. He's man enough to admit he feels a little thrill of Alpha pride; showing off for
, it does not naturally follow that the young omega is without any urges of his own. Perhaps he's set his cap at another alpha more to his liking. His stomach twists at the thought of Sherlock hiding away in some dark corner, tangled in the embrace of some young, attractive, infinitely more suitable alpha. Having to cry off to go visit with his sad, broken old friend.
it happens often enough when they’re on cases. Though the frequency of it has died down since John moved into Baker Street and began being constantly mistaken for Sherlock’s Alpha, it certainly hasn’t ceased altogether.
In fact, his most pressing concern now is just how quickly he’s getting
When they arrive in Devon, John delightfully surprises him, as always, when he happily settles into the passenger seat of their hired car; handing the task of driving off to Sherlock without any argument. It never ceases to amaze Sherlock how the man can at once be so unquestionably, resolutely
not the one parading some boring Beta woman about their flat.
John freezes and chokes on his coffee mid-sip.
“More? You agreed to take extra precautions in the work. Not running off after a serial killer definitely counts as that. Christ Sherlock, Patel was wearing a stab vest and bastard still managed to do a number on him— if you’d come along,
“Stand what?” He questions snappishly, turning to face her. “Him not noticing I’ve gone?”
but unfortunately that still leaves the lingering question as to who, exactly, it
. Regardless of his having managed to do so in a fairly inexplicit manner.
“Not what?” Lestrade draws his brows together in confusion.
him, and Sherlock will never have told him that he…
Henry Knight arrives with his fantastical tale of a monstrous hound, and game is blessedly, blissfully
Not to mention, of course, the small matter of Mycroft’s access to MI5.
When John absently shifts in his seat and leans even more closely into him, his Omega curls up inside and
do, a bit, in the familial way
“And?” Sherlock raises a brow without deigning to look up from his mobile. “Some idiot accidentally drowns himself and you’re coming to me with it? While I’ve always marvelled at your lot’s lack of investigative ability, I believe that, on this occasion, the course of events were suitably idiotic enough so as to be easily solved- despite the ongoing fumblings of Scotland Yard.”
His contemplation of the matter apparently drags on longer than John cares for, because he cautiously pipes up again after a few moments.
“Don’t,” John warns, but Sherlock continues undeterred.
The Quagmire, it just so happens, is an…
yourself!” John counters huffily, having seemingly forgotten Mycroft’s presence altogether in his irritation. “What was it that you said again?
He’s cut off as Sherlock arches hard beneath him, crushing their lips together. He groans in surprise, instantly and undeniably aroused, despite himself. After a moment his mind asserts itself and he forces himself to pull back. Sherlock squirms prettily against his hands, and his cock stirs to life beneath his nightshirt.
“The Butler claimed he would have been alerted immediately if the security system had been deactivated at any point.
, and the ornaments
to it.
“What,” John questions with amusement as he makes his way from the kitchen, “in your bedroom?”
Sherlock raises an sardonic brow.
“In the garden?”
Just as he’s about to begin shifting restlessly beneath John's body, the alpha pulls away abruptly, leaving him unpleasantly empty and bereft. He whines in protest, But John merely offers him a cheeky grin before slipping down over the edge of the mattress, and dropping to his knees on the floor.
Once John has departed from Baker Street, it will be just another memory for him to treasure.
"No. I’m perfectly fine like this.” Sherlock replies, surprised to find that it’s entirely true. “Go to sleep.” The haze of heat clearing reassuringly from his mind for the time being. He knows it will return soon enough, but it’s a relief nonetheless. He listens to John’s breathing even out as he drifts to sleep, resisting his own lethargy to instead begin filing the encounter in his mind palace. It was unaccountably pleasing experience, and he finds himself readily anticipating the next. Given the national average of approximately ten bouts of intercourse, over the course of two to three days of estrus, there is ample opportunity for him to accumulate a wealth of data. He should be able to establish a fairly thorough grasp on sexual intimacy and the Alpha-Omega oestrual dynamic.
The afternoon that Sherlock bursts into the flat covered in pig’s blood, John know’s it’s come to a head. With Lestrade, or even Mycroft, unable to offer up any suitable distractions, he’s dreading the worst, and in short order. So when Henry Knight shows up and faints in their sitting room, John’s never been more pleased to see a basket case in his
“No,” she shakes her head, then looks him over consideringly, and her mouth twists into a sour smile. “You too, huh?
“You can’t
... It's real,” he gestures to the world around them at large. Then he take John's hands and brings them up to frame his own face, folding his own hands over them to keep them in place. “
“N-no. I suppose it isn’t.” He stammers breathlessly in reply. They lie silently for a beat, eyes locked together in the dim light. The quiet of the room grows positively palpable, until Sherlock finally swallows and resumes his story, much quieter than before; almost hesitantly. “Victor was adamant that the irregular nature of my arousal was entirely due to my usage of suppressants. He didn’t comprehend that I was just not as interested in it as he was. I had no desire to discontinue my suppressant usage and return to the unpleasantness of heat cycles, but... I had also grown very accustomed to his companionship and was likewise loath to lose it.”
“Stay here with me,” he pleads.
at her! Not whipping yourself with guilt!”
“No,” John repeats firmly, smoothly rolling off of Sherlock and disrupting his efforts.
“Oh, ta very much,” John laughs and makes a rude gesture in reply.
the effect of his words, but it still
“Well, that hardly matters for an Omega,” Sherlock snaps back with no small amount of bitterness, and John has no good argument to present in reply to that.
“The same way I know that you used to be a military man, and a doctor, and that someone in your family had a drinking problem.”
Besides, if Sherlock
Once they'd made their announcements to Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, John had promised that everyone else could wait to find out until the matter was well and truly obvious to all— and he’d stayed true to his word.
“You can still see him afterwards,” Molly frowns in confusion. “I mean, then he's got no limit. He's full-time, permanent San Juniperan.”
A sturdy, compactly muscled body pressed against his own.
“Thanks Mrs. Hudson, I'll see myself up,” Lestrade’s voice carries up the stairs and Sherlock rolls his eyes preemptively. Lestrade
He’d taken advantage is what he’d done. He should have walked out of that room two days ago, without a second thought. Not done…
“Funny you should say that,” Mike grins as though he’s just thought of something especially brilliant. “Was talking to a friend of mine, Sarah, just this morning. She’s looking for someone to fill a vacancy in the Bart’s A&E. ‘What am I going to do with all these doctors who're used to nothing but runny noses and the odd case of the clap? It’s like a bloody battlefield most nights,’ she said.”
“Sherlock, I’m warning you. You don’t know what you’re saying. Stop.
“Oh,” Sherlock’s pupils dilate even further and he licks his lips. “Yes.”
In the depths of his mind palace, he takes a step back from the scene and observes it one last time, hesitant to take the risk of Irene Adler making a fool of him once more. His personal experience with the sentiment of love is limited; it’s especially difficult to imagine anyone losing their head in such a manner over
He studies her open, inviting expression impassively. How curious that she remains so persistent, despite his show of complete disinterest to date.
. “I also… return the sentiment.”
John wakes up, sore and sticky, to find that Sherlock’s heat has finally passed. He rubs his eyes groggily and rolls over to find Sherlock still asleep, snuffling softly into the pillow next to him. Twisted up in the sheet, his skin mottled with whisker burn and bruises, and hair a riotous cloud, he still looks a vision. John allows himself to a moment to enjoy the sight; quietly ignoring the strange, tight feeling growing uncontrollably in his chest. And then Sherlock stirs, blinking those pale, verdigris eyes muzzily up at him, and he realizes that he has absolutely no idea what to say.
pick up a hint of my own diminished scent beneath the artificial one, they’ll assume it’s the scent of a bond. I’m sure I wouldn’t pull anything over on a perfumer or pheromonist, but the general populace is hardly so discerning.”
He sees stars, pain exploding across his face upon impact. He bucks backward violently, attempting to throw her from his back, and a spurt of bright red blood splatters across the shaggy white rug beneath him.
“I’ll say,” John concurs, then finishes off the last of his cuppa. “And that was... that? I mean, Mycroft’s the most interfering human being I’ve ever met…left it at that? He never brought it up finding you a mate again? Ever?”
singular …unintended consequence.”
“And your diet is certainly in need of improvement. You can’t just carry on subsisting on little more than tea and cigarettes. You have to start eating regular meals, taking prenatal vitamins. And no more nicotine patches!”
“You do?” John licks his lips and stares back at Sherlock in wide-eyed disbelief.
up the duff!” John whisper-shouts with more than a touch of hysteria. “Oh christ,” he leans forward, clutching white-knuckled at the lip of the table, and hisses: “Do you think he’ll have me
Sherlock stares down at him, hair adorably rumpled and cheeks endearingly flushed. He shifts his weight on his knees, seating himself firmly down upon John’s groin. He rocks slightly, as if testing the invitation. The movement rubs the hard length of John’s cock firmly through his breeches, and he lets out an involuntary groan at the sensation.
“Oh, ta,” John interrupts with a wry grin. Trust Sherlock to slip in a backhanded compliment, even as he’s trying to win John over. Not that John isn’t already entirely on board but… well, there’s no harm in letting Sherlock work for it a bit.
“Actually, um, we hadn’t been planning on it,” John coughs uncomfortably. “Bonding, I mean.”
“Cheers,” John salutes him with his glass in reply, and Sherlock takes a sip of his own, coughing slightly with the unfamiliar taste of gin hits him. John frowns at the reaction.“You never tasted it before?”
“Sherlock!” He exclaims; as utterly scandalized as he is painfully,
"The engraving," John hazards, and Sherlock flips the phone over to run his thumb over the etched letters.
Weighing the two in his mind, both choices seem equally aberrant.
“Oh, no,” Sherlock tries to intervene, “mine was just a tonic.”
A sudden, miserable panic swoops through Sherlock at the thought of John leaving. Before he can think better of it, he darts out his hand and clamps it around John’s wrist. John freezes, one foot already on the floor, and looks back over his shoulder down at Sherlock. Their eyes connect, and suddenly a new tension that hasn’t been there before thrums between them.
Even with his gift, there’s nothing he can do for Harry’s problems— he’s learned that much by now — but at least he might save a few hundred quid in cancellation fees.
“John,” he groans. “Please don’t be tedious. Just because I haven’t shared a heat before, I’m hardly a
determinedly choking down the meals that John sets before him. Thankfully, John doesn’t seem to notice, nor does he bring up Irene Adler or the conversation that he knows Sherlock overheard between the two Alpha’s again.
Only the briefest of delays this time! And the case that grew a mind of it's own finally comes to a close!
It would be more comedic if he weren’t the target of said indignation, but it’s still terribly endearing.
Which is laughable, considering that Mycroft’s nothing if not tediously predictable. While it's true that he does indeed have a number of lackeys, it's simply
“Oh, I
concerns.
“Easy? You think that it’s
It’s positively insufferable.
The Duke returns his pen to its stand and stares. He folds his fingers together before himself as he contemplates John carefully.
Sherlock turns to him finally, flipping his bow and avoiding John’s eyes. He finally fixes John with an especially cryptic look once he pointedly begins to play. John settles silently in his chair to listen.
how he wants to touch.
“She’s not been kidnapped. It’s a ruse to distract from her Alpha’s murder, and to cast the suspicion off of her. She was the one who killed Philip, and his brother helped her cover it up.” He barks, slapping the desktop decisively before pushing away and reaching for his coat and gloves.
“Of course I know that.” Sherlock replies waspishly. “But if they
point of contention between them! Whatever he
Two hours later finds him encamped in the loo at Baker Street, biting his thumb anxiously as he awaits results of his own. John arrived home no more than a half hour ago; worriedly inquiring after his well-being through the door.
On the mantel he finds a small box; tied with thin black rope and wrapped in lurid red paper the very same shade as Irene Adler’s lipstick. It hadn’t been there this morning, before he and John had popped out to Tesco's for a few last minute supplies.
scattered throughout.
It's oddly…
“Shame on me?!” John demands, blinking up at Sherlock with startled indignation.
What Sherlock
“Lewes,” Sherlock admits reluctantly, with a soft huff, “in Sussex.”
told John, now does it?
“I like a change of music,” John shrugs indifferently.
John looks up sharply from his computer at that, brows drawing together and mouth gaping, fish-like, as he processes the implication. “Of course I- I would never— ” he stammers in shock, “I’m not—”
It!” Sherlock protests irritably, crossing his arms over his chest in a remarkable impression of a tetchy toddler. “I had toast just this morning, and I don’t see why you insist on forcing food upon me constantly!”
over the noises he’s been making.
“No,” Sherlock contends, “you were undoubtedly present. During Ms. Adler’s unexpected visit.”
It’s a pleasant fantasy.
“A person of significance to my employer. We’d prefer not to say any more at this time.”
John swallows and licks his lips before continuing haltingly, just as Sherlock attempts to cut him off.
“Yeah, well, I’m not the John Watson— ” he catches himself, tamping down quickly on the swell of misdirected anger, and clenches his fist in an effort to bring the accompanying tremor in his right hand under control. He sips his coffee in embarrassment, already strategizing how best to politely excuse himself as quickly as possible.
“No, he most certainly did not,” John grants with a terse nod of his head. “He said he was just visiting.”
understand that they'll also be a
If Sherlock isn't going to give him direction than he's just going to make the executive decision, and too bad if the detective had other plans in mind. “We
“Mm,” Sherlock nods in acknowledgement. “Mycroft modelled it after the town in Normandy where we used to summer, with our Grand-maman. I told him once, when I was seven that I wished I could live there forever.” He pauses to snort in amusement. “Apparently, he took me very seriously indeed.”
An amused laugh burbles up from John. “Did you just compare children to
John silently inclines his head.
“That story’s not been on the news yet.” John interjects with the question on both their minds, thankfully saving Sherlock from the embarrassment of having to do so himself. “How do you know about it?”
“It’s okay, I’m fine.” He reassures John offhandedly as he wanders out to the sitting room. “Now, show me to the stream.”
“Mycroft,” he wheezes as the ensuing coughing fit dies down. “He’s your Alpha Familiae.”
At that, John stands and collects both Mycroft and Sherlock’s mugs, giving Sherlock’s forearm a reassuring squeeze as he does, then strides away into the kitchen.
is clear. Could be a date, if she’s followed day-month-year convention, though it’s highly unlikely. Regardless of permutation, none of the numbers with obvious oil deposits correspond easily with any date that one might reasonably extrapolate for a woman of her age range. He shares his reasoning with her in a subtle play to fish a clue out of her, but she doesn't bite.
“Mm,” Sherlock hums for lack of a better response, the fight going out of him immediately as his Omega fights its way to the forefront if his mind and frantically reminds him of the fact he needs to secure John's
Eventually, he and Sherlock head back upstairs for the night. Once he’s rebuilt the fire, fixed himself a drink, and made a rather pointless small talk about the damned phone, John admits he’s run out of ways to avoid addressing the elephant in the room. And so he takes a deep breath and steels himself.
“You weren’t at the Earl of Wycombe’s fete,” Sherlock complains in lieu of greeting, slapping the book shut and rising to return it to the shelf. “I waited for you.”
An undeniable tension lingers between them for the first half of the ride; Sherlock’s mind remaining stubbornly fixated on John’s words in the flat. His Omega careens wildly between thrilled lust brought on by the display of protectiveness and care from
,” Sherlock sniffs superciliously, and runs a fingertip over the rim of his glass as he considers whether he should be a bit more honest. Probably. “Also, you walked by me outside and I heard you arguing.” Clearly not a disastrous choice, as John merely chuckles good-naturedly and rises to his feet.
unexpected, it’s not unmanageable. A temporary separation from the siring alpha will still tidily resolve your predicament.” He retrieves his mobile from inside his jacket, and immediately begins tapping away at it. “A few weeks should more than suffice. I can arrange immediately to have the summer house in Marseille prepar— “
“With friends like these, who needs enemies?” He laments, and Sherlock forces his lips into a plastic grin of amusement.
Sherlock wakes up the morning after his impromptu fireside confession feeling energized and rejuvenated. There's an ease to everything that he hasn't felt since staring down at the first positive pregnancy test in the bathroom at Baker Street. He feels well and truly
to ask for.
A brief hush settles upon the room.
Sherlock scowls as Lestrade guffaws.
He squints into the gloom, the dim glow from the streetlamp across the road doing little to illuminate the shadows. John and a large bearded man tumble out onto the rickety fire escape, mid-grapple, their grunts echoing out in the darkness. They slam into the railing, and something metallic clatters against the grate of the platform just before the inertia of their bodies sends them tipping up and over the rail.
with Sherlock Holmes?” John asks with such utter disbelief that Sherlock can’t help but feel mildly offended.
They hadn’t discussed this.
But sometimes, when the longing is just sharp enough, it pushes him into small lapses of judgement. Which is precisely to what he would ascribe his actions at the Lady Somerby’s annual masquerade. He’s always been a straightforward man, never one for deception; even of the harmless, frivolous sort of a masquerade. But one does not turn one's nose up at the tacit support of one if the ton's chief patronesses.
Not that he won’t still try beating her at her game while he does so.
“Well, I’ll be delicate then,” she amends, rising from her chair and crossing the space between them to kneel at his feet. She reaches up and curls her fingers around his hand where it dangles over the edge of his armrest. “Let’s have dinner.”
of all things, in an effort to redirect Sherlock’s attention, even if it’s only to roll his eyes or mock John’s inanity.
When John merely raises his eyebrows expectantly, and no further argument seems to be immediately forthcoming, he elaborates. “I assure you, I
While he’d always assumed that Mycroft had discovered he and Victor’s
” John echoes, something in his chest squeezing painfully at the very thought.
. They don’t- they just don’t do that
“I’ve actually never particularly seen the allure of Omegas,” she continues nonchalantly. “There’s just something so much more
“I wouldn’t draw attention to that if I were you,” John chimes in as he emerges from the kitchen, wiping his hands on a tea towel. “Finally had to admit defeat and start to replace his wardrobe, seeing as how every piece is tailored within an inch of its life. His Nibs was terribly affronted.”
this occurred.”
(See the end of the chapter for
carrying the offspring of another Alpha,” Sherlock narrows his eyes and curls his lip at her in return. “If we were in competition to see which of us is more of a disgrace as an Omega, I do believe I’d have to concede the victory to you.”
“Will do,” John replies, bobbing his head in the crisp manner of a soldier accepting orders, then turns to nod his head in farewell at Mycroft. Mycroft sniffs somewhat disparagingly, but inclines his head gracefully in return all the same. “Try not to behave like adults in the meantime— I wouldn't want to miss that.” He turns his head back again to grin up at Sherlock playfully. “Mind, you do have a bit of Watson in you now. That might lend you a lick of a sense,” he says as he reaches out, utterly casual, and taps his fingers lightly against Sherlock’s still-flat abdomen. Sherlock freezes immediately at the touch.
“They ration it out,” John confirms with an eye-roll as he sips his tea. “They don't trust us with more.
He’s missing something
“I was looking for you,” Sherlock explains, though it seems rather obvious. “Where did you go?”
“Hello, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock intones mechanically. “We’re rowing. Do go away.”
“You're just insatiable aren't you?” John pants, reaching around to palm the smooth globe of his belly for a moment before slipping his hand further down to tug teasingly at Sherlock’s cock.
Granted, his reasoning abilities seem to be rather diminished, but he can’t think of anything else John might mean to do. And he’s slightly concerned that he might actually spontaneously combust if John
Is it really so unthinkable to imagine an Alpha flirting with him?
“Actually, they’re expecting me at the Yard.”
“No.”
“You're in
“Bit different from our day,” John comments, his eyes lingering on the younger man despite himself. Now there’s another difference from their day— they certainly never had anyone about their labs who looked like
“Well, I never!” She sputters, drawing herself rigidly upright. “Father or no, he’s
“You’ve a fiancé,” he reminds Sherlock with a hint of amusement, as if perhaps he’s possibly forgotten the fact.
“Mm, soon,” Sherlock nods, adjusting his hold on Hamish to free up one hand. “He’s absolutely perfect John,” he announces decisively, carefully brushing a fingertip along the delicate arch of one tiny eyebrow.
but yeah, it’s um, preferable.” John agrees, reaching over his head to yank his jumper off. Sherlock carefully undoes his cuffs and pushes his shirt off of his shoulders, tossing it over the edge of the bed to drop on the floor. John huffs a laugh as his head reemerges from the bottom of it and he launches the jumper across the room before starting in on his shirt buttons. “Neither of us knowing what the hell we’re doing makes me feel a bit like I’m sixteen again; skiving off school to have it off with Hannah Davies while my Mum was still at work.”
“Oh,” Sherlock blinks against the sudden prickle of moisture in his eyes. Just like that, the enormous weight he’s been struggling under for the last several weeks drops away from his shoulders, and he feels light enough to simply float away.
“John,” Sherlock whines plaintively as he attempts to follow. He grasps John’s hand in his own and drags it downward to press it against the hard bulge in the front of his pantaloons, as he had in the library. “I want you so badly.”
… a case.” Sherlock manages.
“We’re going to have to insist that you leave sir,” she announces as she grasps John’s arm just above the elbow, and moves to direct him toward the door. John digs his heels in and draws himself up to his full height.
his own voice berates him mercilessly inside his head.
hardly makes it any better, young man,” Mrs. Hudson calls back in exasperation.
deliciously
“Mm,” John hums in approval at the discovery that Sherlock hasn’t any pants underneath his bottoms. He runs his palms appreciatively up Sherlock bare thighs, stooping to press an open-mouthed kiss to the sensitive skin before clambering up on the bed. “Smarter than I look.”
“John,” He whispers hesitantly. An idea occurs to him— a very terrible idea perhaps.
In his own defense, he’d hardly expected London cab drivers, of all people, to be so fussy.
“Oh,” Sherlock waves his hand, “they can keep an eye out. It was a long shot anyway.”
particular condition has proven relevant enough to crime to escape deletion,” he chuckles. He takes the the maid’s statement from Sherlock and places it on the desk, dragging the print-out of Marie’s personal agenda next to it.
And anyways, so far as addictive substances go, caffeine is really quite low on the list of his poor habits.
John settles back down at that, mouth returning to its exploration of Sherlock’s neck— clearly Sherlock’s won the argument.
The young man standing on the pavement tilts his head in bewilderment. There’s something oddly…
Once and for all everyone in this new life he’s built for himself will see him as an omega.
“Are you alright, sir?” She checks cheerily as the doors slide shut and she swipes the keycard, then begins keying their destination in on the pod’s brightly lit screen.
Just because Sherlock had asked, and had seemingly enjoyed it at the time…that didn’t make it
say,”
“Well,
.” He drags out the vowels as long as he can, as though it might actually delay this tedious exchange.
surprised.
“Wait, what?” John’s brow furrows together, and he frowns in the exact manner he always does whenever he doesn’t follow.
John; it’s the ultimate, ever-evolving experiment! We’ll be able to document, first-hand, the effects of genetic disposition versus the learned behaviours, and
“I’d tell you the code right now, but you know what? I already have.” She smiles disarmingly, and he frowns back at her, which only makes her smile wider. “
keep up with the work anymore.
“Mrs Hudson leave Baker Street?” Sherlock elaborates, reaching down to wrap his arm about her shoulders and tug her affectionately against his hip. “
Sherlock sorts through the stacks of documents, bagged evidence and photographs cluttering Lestrade’s desk, slowly building up a picture in his mind. Philip Cavendish; Alpha, forty-five, overall good health, died of asphyxiation sometime around midnight, prior to his body being discovered on Monday morning. Relatively high amounts of zopiclone in his system, in addition to a blood alcohol level a mere hair below that of legal intoxication. Bonded to Marie Cavendish, Omega, thirty, for the past nine years.
And that I feel
Everything he's ever wanted is right here in front of him, and all he needs to do is grasp it.
He loves it.
Nevertheless, a momentary call to Mycroft, and immediate arrangements would be made for him to depart Baker Street, for just long enough to… resolve the issue. And then, upon his return, he could could resume life as usual, with John none the wiser.
John hums happily in reply, kissing and lapping delicately at the hard bud until Sherlock is panting and twisting his shoulders against the mattress in a silent plea for the alpha to apply the same treatment to the other one. When he does just that, Sherlock keens; cradling John’s head between his hands and threading his fingers through his hair as best he can.
But what was it that gave it away? And why
antiquated practice? It’s a bit repulsive isn’t it?”
, in any Alpha’s within close proximity. While sensationalized film and literature would have us believe that affected individuals swiftly devolve into mindless beasts, incapable of denying their animalistic urges, in reality the resultant hormones merely lower social inhibitions. Similar to the effect of moderate alcohol consumption. Hence the term. It's really only at the climax of intercourse that the physiological urges are actually anything approaching impossible to resist. And that stage of events, I'd think it's a rather moot point.”
coupling were frankly astronomical.
Upstairs the flat is blessedly empty and quiet, a far cry from the bustling offices of the Yard. Precisely the balm to soothe his agitated nerves. He rubs his hands together and considers what he should set in on first— the kidneys? Or no, John isn’t in… perhaps he can finally work with the
“I don't know how to do this,” Sherlock mumbles insecurely, removing his hands from his pockets. His fingers clench and unclench anxiously at his sides.
using it,” the blonde man retorts nonchalantly, without slowing his pace in the slightest. The woman continues following him, undeterred, and they disappear through the open doors of the club on the corner. Without any real thought as to
anywhere is
“There is no
invited to everything—”
In an effort to ease the incessant ache that’s been radiating through his lower back all morning, Sherlock paces the sidewalk as he impatiently awaits Mycroft’s arrival. If
“Well, I wouldn’t say
“Lord Sherlock, might I— “
Then Lestrade bursts into the office, triumphantly waving a printout of grainy camera footage, and everyone jolts to attention.
“No,” Sherlock scowls, drawing away from the window. John quickly pulls himself up on the trellis and leans over the window sill in pursuit. He catches Sherlock's cravat one handed and tugs him back, pressing a fierce kiss against that prettily pouting mouth.
It belongs to a certain compact ex-army doctor with a temper, and a profound love of tea and jumpers. And to the small new person growing inside himself. Regardless of the smooth, unblemished skin on his neck where a bondbite would be, he’s irrevocably spoken for.
reminder of Sherlock swanning about in nothing more than a bedsheet, and then their grapple outside in the street, today has been particularly trying.
— I could argue with them until I get my way, but I simply do not have time to deal with it at the moment.”
"In any case, John arrived home some time later, and ultimately proceeded to assist me with the resulting… dilemma.”
That, and having been brought so low as to have had to
Sherlock’s heart takes up residence in his throat at the suggestion, and he swallows against the painful thump.
It sends a frisson of nervous energy up his spine, and he shivers slightly, reaching for his own glass to take a bracing gulp.
“Don’t you want me on the floor too?” He questions with only the mildest touch of insolence. The Alpha turns his attention on him almost disinterestedly.
Everything else remains unspoken; the fact that — for surely, Sherlock is able to read it all from the knot of his cravat, or the slight shabbiness of his waistcoat — it’s quite clear that John is in rather dire financial straits, and actively searching for mutually beneficial match.
If being hit by lightning were pleasurable.
“She’s in shock, for God’s sake, and all over some bloody stupid camera phone.” John huffs, apparently taking Sherlock’s teasing at face value. “Where is it, anyway?”
John had made them a full English, and after the startlingly vigorous activities of the previous two days, Sherlock had found himself surprisingly famished. Once they’d both devoured their meals, they’d sat, awkwardly sipping their tea and studiously avoiding eye contact. Sherlock had been mentally reciting his statement, in an attempt to galvanize himself, when John had broken the silence.
But in any case, the campaign proceeds swimmingly, with only the minimum number of meltdowns one might expect. At least until the dearth of cases drags on and Sherlock starts climbing the walls in boredom.
He freezes mid-crouch, horror overtaking his expression.
“A boy,” John grins radiantly down at the ultrasound photo in his hands as they step into the flat. From his far-away expression, it's clear that he’s already picturing their son in his mind's eye; trying to cobble together an image of what he might look like from their own features. Though he’d never admit to it, Sherlock’s spent a not-insignificant number of hours doing the same over the past few months, so he can hardly fault him. They’ll find out soon enough in any case. He looks up at Sherlock with a dreamy-eyed smile. “We’re going to need to start thinking about names.”
“What? No! Thank Christ, no. We’re just… y’know,
As far as tactics go, it’s a perfect one.
One can only hope that their offspring will be more Holmes than Watson in terms of mental acuity.
His rummaging comes to a sudden halt when he flips a photograph over to find a familiar face smiling up at him. His eyes dart to the label and he grimaces.
The D.I. mutters something rude under his breath and blows at the steam curling up from the lip of his cup into the cool night air.
seems a bit of an unfair exaggeration.
“More,” he gasps into his pillow as John snaps his hips forward relentlessly. “Please, more.”
” John bites out. Sherlock ignores the painful clench in his chest at the irritation in John’s voice. It’s a struggle to keep his face perfectly expressionless, but he manages.
“There are many names for what she does.” Mycroft explains. “She prefers
“Good morning; I like your funny hat; I’m sad tonight. Let’s have dinner…” She reads the messages aloud in a tone of mild amusement. “You looked sexy on ‘Crimewatch’, let’s have dinner. I’m not hungry, let’s have dinner.”
“Well, it must have been dreadfully embarrassing for you to admit its parentage. He's hardly much of an Alpha, now is he?” Mycroft elaborates flippantly as he types something into his phone one-handed. Sherlock stares, eyes growing flinty as anger builds to a steady roil inside him while Mycroft continues on obliviously. “Always scurrying around after you, allowing your every ridiculous whim. And now he’ll be staying home to rear your infant? I do say, Dr. Watson would have been far better suited to Omegahood, wou—”
Wino and Winder Watson, their secondary schoolmates used to delight in calling them.
, not a fortnight. I’m sure if he runs out of applesauce, or some such, one of your brother’s many minions can pop out to the shops and buy more.”
“Shame on
. I want your knot.
. He’s been enjoying it, really, if he allows himself to be completely honest. Well, the intermittent cramping in his abdomen that began approximately fifteen hours ago, he could do without. Likewise the incessant, low-level hum of arousal that's come to suffuse his every waking moment. But both are mild enough so as not to outweigh the more pleasant effects. It’s nothing he can’t ignore, really. Nothing at all like the constant,
“You haven’t been here long; in St. Juniperus,” Sherlock clarifies. “Only a few months. Three or four?”
“He’s hardly
an idiot. As nonexistent his experience with this situation may be, he's well aware that is most definitely more than a bit not good.
“What
“For a genius, you’re certainly oblivious to just how much your brother worries about you.”
“Yes, thank you John. I’m well aware of that,” Sherlock feigns ignorance of John’s obviously imminent panic. His lips twitch as he struggles to maintain a neutral expression.
If John were to discover Sherlock’s piteous infatuation
, the indulgence of a brief kip before starting in on anything mightn’t be amiss.
“Oh!” Sherlock snatches the papers out from under John’s hands and scans them. “Yes,
He pulls forward the page of staff ID photos.
“You’ve been getting into some sort of mischief, haven’t you," he sighs, preemptively raising a staying palm. “Don’t tell me; I'm sure it’s best I remain ignorant.”
they should look. They probably saw it in some movie. But I like this,” he smooths a hand over Sherlock’s lapel. “You're authentically you.”
as if John’s granted him some privilege
” John exclaims, tea sloshing over the rim of his mug as he startles. He dabs half-heartedly at the newly damp knee of his trousers and leans forward to thump the mug down on the coffee table with an irate huff. Mycroft very nearly loses his grasp on his own mug, but manages to retain it, only the small rattle of cup against saucer betraying his fumble.
“Please,” the omega unabashedly rolls his eyes. “It’s November— even if you had spent every day of the summer months out of doors, the effects of the English sun would have long since faded by now. Your tan is too deeply set, nor does it extend past your wrists or below your collar; judging by the lines of contrast briefly visible when you reached up to adjust your cravat. Men in the fields are given to stripping off their upper garments now and again while working, leaving no visible boundary to their colouring. Why would a man remain so fully dressed under the heat of the blistering sun so as to form such lines? Because they have to. A uniform.”
He tells himself it’s not rude to ask— it’s perfectly normal to ask people about their gifts, so long as they’re not the more ignominious sort. It doesn't seem that Sherlock's accustomed to that sort of small talk though, if the brief flash of surprise that John catches in his reflection is anything to go by.
chose not to stick around… So now it's me. And I'm passing through. And before I leave, I'll have a good time. I'm just going to have a good time.” A single tear rolls down his cheek to the tip of his nose, and Sherlock reaches out to brush it away gently with his thumb. With a sniff, John peers over his shoulder to check the clock on the bedside table.
“I can honestly say that I never did that.” Sherlock sniffs disdainfully to disguise the frankly ridiculous twinge of jealousy in his gut. The image of a softer, younger John rolling about in bed in the early afternoon sunshine with some faceless teenage girl springs unbidden into his mind.
“See you around?” She looks hesitantly back at John over her shoulder.
“Who... who the hell knows about Sherlock Holmes,” he huffs, “but –for the record– if anyone out there still cares, I'm
For once, Sherlock can’t be bothered to make any sort of fuss about the concept of repetition. Without looking up from the hearth, he repeats himself quietly.
“One of the staff maybe? They’re mostly Beta women, but there's the Butler, and then two Beta men and three Alphas on the security detail.”
“There you are Dr. Watson!” She greets the man with a bubbly smile as she trots over to join him at the kerb. “I just had to finish signing out one of the travel pods for us. Don’t you look sharp,” she comments warmly, taking in in his neat cardigan and button-down shirt. “It’s lovely to see you so excited! The trip shouldn’t take us more than an hour and half, and we’ve the pod until six o’clock, so that leaves us
Thankfully, John had been too caught up in the moment to realize the temporarily embarrassing tightness of Sherlock’s trousers.
control when he does it, some sort of measures will have to be taken. He reaches for his mobile and begins scanning through all the available data he can find. He needn’t discontinue his suppressants immediately— it's apparently common practice for newly expectant carriers to gradually reduce dosage over time, to prevent extreme hormonal fluctuations.
Sherlock slips John’s fingers from his mouth with a wet pop.
they’d have planned for it to look like an accident, leaving them free of suspicion. The staged kidnapping was a failsafe enacted when things went wrong; meant to throw off any suspicion in the immediate aftermath, painting her as a victim, rather than a potential perpetrator. Once she’s located, and I’m able to speak to her, I’ll be able to tell you what happened.”
to know.
“I didn't even know you
He shoves his hands beneath John’s jumper as they kiss, insistently pushing the fuzzy wool upward. When he wrestles it off, only to discover both a button-down and vest beneath, he drops head to rock his forehead against John’s with an entirely different sort of groan than before.
Omega.
aware of his feelings for Sherlock. He hardens his gaze at her and refuses to flinch; Alpha to Alpha. Her lips curl tauntingly as she continues.
He doesn't sleep a wink all night.
“Can you touch yourself, love?” John smiles, gesturing with his chin down to where Sherlock’s cock lies twitching against his stomach. “Can you do that for me?”
Had he seen the sheets?
for him. Albeit, an incredibly invasive, demanding one.
“Really?” It seems Sherlock’s turn to goggle, as he stares at John with comically raised brows.
“Look,” Sarah starts up again, “ I don't want some kind of boring romance, okay?”
“ he growls in frustration, fingers fisting in his own hair. “I worry about you because I’m in bloody
just when he’s tip-toeing on the very
“When we first met. I thought that it would be useful, having a medical man around.”
Irrelevant, now that he was safely back at Baker Street, but subjectively mortifying all the same. He shoves his fare in her general direction with a grimace and virtually leaps from the cab. He’s pleased with how steady he manages to keep the keys in his hands while he lets himself in through the street door.
” he growls against John's lips.
Sherlock! You kept it from me for
Captain John H. Watson returns home to England on a rainy Tuesday afternoon in May. The administrator processing his discharge papers pauses in surprise when she reaches the endowment section on his papers, and he just barely manages to keep from rolling his eyes. With the exception of medical professionals, endowment experts, or the rare few who bother to learn anything more than the basics of their own gift, people always assume that nothing unpleasant ever befalls a winder.
“Ah, well, no actually.”
“I’m consulting,” Sherlock clips. “On a case. Surely you don’t expect my brain to have ceased to function simply because I’m expecting.”
He needs to go at the pace of his own mind, and determine for himself what it is that he wants. With a flash of brilliance, he grabs hold of Sherlock’s hips and rolls onto his back, dragging the omega along to sprawl over top of him. “Go on then,” he encourages with a smile, “experiment on me.”
“Why, would
effective fail-safe.
“What?” Sherlock startles, pushing himself up on one arm to gawp at John, aghast. “Why the devil would we do that?”
God knows why. She doesn’t even actually
“What?” Sherlock looks to John with dramatically feigned bewilderment. “Are we
“Oh.” Sherlock replies dumbly.
“It was,” Sherlock acknowledges with a small twitch of his lips. “Scotland Yard would have almost certainly fallen for it. Pity for you that they called me in on it. To be entirely honest, I might not have quite put it together myself if it weren’t for the baby.”
“Hey Greg,” John pipes up as they round the corner and the scene, brightly lit with floodlights and swarming with Yarders, comes into view. “Before we get to it… we, um, wanted to have a word with you. If that’s alright.”
Sherlock is going to be his.
“Why would I want to have dinner if I wasn’t hungry?” He feigns ignorance and slides forward slightly in his seat, twisting his hand in her grasp to press his fingers against her wrist. Irene’s leans forward on her knees, her gaze fixedly pointedly on his mouth.
His fingers pause for the briefest of instants as he mentally goggles at his own flirtatiousness.
“Oh, noises are important. Noises can tell you everything. For instance…” He pauses as the fire alarm begins chirping noisily out in the hall.
. Irene and I
“Oh ho,” he exclaims when a flushed and strangely dishevelled looking Sherlock finally makes his appearance, bursting into the room as though the devil himself were on his heels. “No disguise?”
to open the safe.” Good god, what on earth does the blasted woman have on her phone? A good deal more than just pictures of cavorting Royals if the American’s interest is anything to go by. Has she any sense of self-preservation at all? Well, it’s hardly his problem.
“Yes, John, I am aware of the mechanics involved.”
“He’s the
her!” Eddie explodes suddenly, cutting Sherlock off mid-word. “He had a beautiful,
"I don't
“Here we are boys,” the cabbie informs them cheerfully of the obvious.
with Sherlock Holmes?“ He asks incredulously.
it— see it safely through to full gestation, and then tidily hand it off to be someone else’s problem.
hasn’t
“You habitually undergo thorough testing before and after any new sexual partners, and
Both summary justice for the ill treatment of Mrs. Hudson, and a cathartic release for all his recently pent up frustrations. Even John's arrival doesn't dampen his enjoyment of it in the slightest. It's reassuring on a primal level to know that, even now, despite of the diminutive stowaway inside of him, he's still perfectly capable of defending his territory.
that he'd send any of them other than Anthea to collect John. As his chief PA, she's the only one cleared for managing ‘family matters’ on her own. Which anything that involves John most certainly counts as.
“What?!” Lestrade chokes on his coffee mid-sip. “How the hell
supposed to mean?”
particular Alpha, and even Sherlock can appreciate that she is, indeed, a
“Oh,” John's hand stiffens over his. “Did you want me to stop?”
Six long, irreplaceable months of his precious child's smiles, and tears, and laughter.
“What is
“So they
A reasonable enough deduction actually; working with the limited data set of his knowledge as a medical professional and Sherlock’s personal history with narcotics.
As the night wears on, the food, candlelight and wine weave a cocoon of cosy intimacy around them. Looking across the table at John; warm and relaxed, face a touch red from the heat of the restaurant and — more likely— the third glass of wine he’s started in on, Sherlock’s awareness of the other diners gradually fades, until he could almost forget there’s anyone else around them.
“I have to,” Sherlock replies woodenly, and John’s eyebrows pull together in concern.
All in all, it’s quite the change from lonely mornings shivering on the bathroom floor, trying to suppress or disguise his condition as much as possible. Within a matter of days he honestly doesn’t know how he ever did without.
show a preference for a pretty things, and a handsome face over intelligence or character.”
If only John were
a doctor. Sherlock…” John rubs his eyes in an agitated but exhausted manner and sighs heavily. “I wouldn’t just
“Oh yes,” Stamford confirms as he opens the door and holds it open for John to limp through. “Smart as a whip— it’s a shame he’s an omega, really. Dreadful waste of a fine mind.”
toward John that follows. He doesn’t have
If he weren’t already so inconsistent in his eating habits,
And when did those find their way back onto Sherlock's bed? John could have sworn he’d tucked them away in the upstairs cupboard, after laundering them within an inch of their lives. And now they're covered in Irene Adler’s scent.
Perhaps that may just help rein in his newly rampant libido. “At any rate, I imagine it was my introduction to narcotics that soured their arrangement. I can only imagine the apoplectic fit that ensued when Mycroft discovered he was inadvertently funding his baby brother’s new drug habit. Or perhaps he finally caught wind of our
Mary’s unruffled air of calm when he tells her reminds him of just why he married her. Rather than pitching a fit, she books him a train ticket to Leeds while he packs to go spend a week helping his sister sort out her life, instead of lying on a sandy beach in the Caribbean.
John pays the man, and they make their way up into the flat in subdued silence. When they get in, John immediately sets to washing up two mugs and putting the kettle on, bumbling about the kitchen domestically while Sherlock retreats to his bedroom to change out of his ruined shirt.
A week later, Sherlock finds himself in front of his bathroom mirror, trying on various hideously garish, supposedly ‘fashionable’ outfits... and utterly
” he flips over the printed still of Eddie in the window to reveal the one of he and Marie carrying Philip’s body, “proves rather a lot.”
need to spell everything out for you?”
He doesn't hesitate.
. How has he never noticed how lovely that feels?
“What I mean to say is that... It will be endlessly interesting to document what traits and behaviours they inherit from you, as opposed to myself. They may even exhibit a mixture of characteristics! And there are further possibilities based upon our input…” Sherlock trails off, his eyes fixating on a spot just past John’s shoulder and going momentarily vacant in the way they do on cases, when his mind is moving at lightspeed; extrapolating every possible outcome or theory.
They're married as soon as the Vicar can arrive; Sherlock speaking his vows through the comm box, while Mycroft, Molly and John's nurse stand up as witnesses. As soon as the ceremony is complete, the doctor and facility administrator appear, and they sign all the paperwork. John clasps Sherlock's hand in his own while the machines shut off, watching as a single tear slowly trails out the corner of Sherlock’s eye, and down his cheek. He brushes it away gently before the doctor pronounces time of death, and then steps back finally as Molly carefully drapes the sheet up over Sherlock’s face.
He’s just called the man
His stomach churns and he feels sick.
“Oh,” John blushes at the vehemence of Sherlock’s denial and smiles sheepishly. “That’s good then.” He nudges Sherlock light-heartedly. “Were you hoping to keep it to ourselves until the baby just falls out from beneath your jumper, then?”
kids,” John adds; part genuine wonderment, part distraction as he self-consciously pulls his hand back.
Sherlock finally turns his face to meet John’s gaze, his expression twisting into a scowl of self-loathing as he does.
Now, if despite all this, she’d somehow managed a momentary liaison, the pregnancy would hardly stick. The fact that she’s still carrying the child is evidence in and of itself
“Permitting this…
“Bloody hell,” John curses and presses the heels of his palms into his eyes. “I was trying to be a little less…
blame me for exhibiting concern for my brother’s wellbeing,” Mycroft hisses back with righteous indignation.
He curls his fingers in a come-hither motion, stroking firmly against the bundles of nerves hidden behind those clinging walls. Sherlock keens, rocking his hips rhythmically in time with the motion, fingers digging into John’s shoulders for balance. With his free hand, John reaches up to grasp the back of the omega’s neck, pulling him down to capture his lips and conduct a taste test of his own.
her, the night that he died!” He insists waspishly, shaking his head. “And I’ve- I’ve already told you about that! It may not be
“You’ve what?”
As the last of his energy stores are sapped, it’s all he can do to just
The innkeepers are a cheery Beta and Omega bonded pair, who immediately assume he and John to be as well. Not that the mistake isn't entirely understandable. Much more so than when they're out and about together in the city, it’s
"Yes," he twists in his seat to face John. He tugs off one buttery-soft leather glove and extends his naked palm. "Give me your phone."
“But Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock crows with excitement, ”four
He stares at his reflection in the mirror, frowning at how ridiculous he looks in his latest ensemble. The oversized, broad-shouldered blazer hangs on his body awkwardly, making him look like nothing so much as a overdressed scarecrow. He shrugs out of it and throws it to the ground in frustration.
Incidentally, he’d also returned with a tray of tea and scones, courtesy of Mrs. Hudson.
He merely
a momentary encounter, but a prolonged affair. So again, the question is
Lestrade frowns into the brim of his coffee cup thoughtfully.
Sherlock momentarily turns his attention back to Irene to inform her: “I've never begged for mercy in my life.”
"That's her, isn't it?" Mycroft questions.
“Oh, no, I -”
“What do you know about this woman?” Mycroft questions as he hands over a glossy, but entirely bland surveillance photo of a slim, elegantly dressed woman. Sherlock glances over it with an indifferent eye, and finds it devoid of anything particularly interesting.
”Well,” Mycroft raises his eyebrows, “you’re looking positively
“No,” Sherlock agrees, nuzzling rapturously into the damp hair behind John’s ear. “Initial copulation during estrus is-” He groans at a particular motion of John’s hips. “
“Not for the first few months, certainly.” Sherlock frowns. “But after that, why not?”
“Will it— ” his throat bobs as he swallows, “...will it fit?
“I just — Oh bloody hell, I don't
“Are you absolutely certain?” Sherlock asks, and once again, it’s as though he’s opened a dam; another flood of anxious prattle suddenly spilling from his lips unchecked. “I know that it’s
“Why?” He asks, utterly confused. He honestly can’t think of why he’d want to hide this.
“What, really?” John goggles incredulously, shame entirely forgotten in his surprise.
could been the one who ended up in hospital!”
“Oi!” He shouts in mock anger, tossing his hat into the back of the jeep and propping one hand on his hip “You didn't dress up to see me?”
the credit,” she demurs with false modesty before looking to Sherlock. “Had a bit of help.”
trying to have the last word.“
He's deeply immersed in the the printed record of several months worth of text messages between the chief suspect and his erstwhile mistress, when the ache in his lower back reveals itself to be something significantly
“Must you always insist on so many layers? It feels uncannily as though I’m unstacking a Russian nesting doll.”
He revises his previous thought— it’s better than amazing.
understand the hurt he causes, to some degree, because he falls silent for a few moments, staring thoughtfully out at John across the space between them. When he gives a small cough and picks up again, it’s endearingly clear he’s chosen his next words with more care.
He supposes it can’t be helped. Everyone’s got a gift, but most are more mundane than not, so it’s no surprise that the particularly outstanding ones garner the most attention. And while he takes no pride in the fact (why would he? he’s no more responsible for it than he is for having blue eyes), winders are rare. Few people have even met one, and thanks to that, it’s easy for them to believe it’s as effortless. and uncomplicated as films and telly always make it out to be— a magical cure-all to anything.
“Think you could... hook us up to the system now? Just for a little while, before he passes?”
“No, not
?!” John jolts upward suddenly, twisting his torso to glower down at Sherlock, completely incensed.
want, not what my brother or someone else tells me that I do.”
“Yup,” Sherlock confirms with a pop of his lips.
“Nothing,” Sherlock insists as he tugs the cotton down self-consciously over his expanding belly, and turns away under the pretence of folding down the bed linens. “You don't have to— I'll be fine.”
“She didn’t tell me.
It’s at the end of the exam when he truly forgets himself, as he stares in marvel at the shadowy little outline of their child on the ultrasound monitor. It’s shockingly momentous to
to apologize for,” John cuts him off with a grin, pressing a palm firmly against his chest. “I just didn’t want this to end just yet.” He applies further pressure with his hand, until Sherlock gives in and sprawls backward onto the sheets. John clambers between Sherlock’s knees, running an appreciative hand up his torso. He lowers himself down over him, stealing a kiss before leaning in to nibble at the hinge of Sherlock’s jaw. “Do you want to…” he trails off, thrusting suggestively against Sherlock in lieu of putting his question into words.
Except for the fact that it’s also completely and utterly
“Nope.” He pops the ‘p’ in a tiny exhale against the warm skin of John’s palm, easing his eyes open to assess John through his lashes. John’s shoulders relax, and he heaves a deep sigh of relief.
And so they stare up at the ceiling together in silence, the hush settling over them like a thick quilt.
He really wishes she’d either pick a different one, or abandon the metaphors altogether. Even the very
Alpha.
“Oh, John!” She cries out, paying Sherlock no mind whatsoever as one hand flies to her mouth at the sight of John's bruised face.
in this room. Thank you. John, man the door. Let no one in.” He locks eyes with John intently, and John inclines his head infinitesimally in response. He places the the bowl on the table and without so much as a glance at Irene, wordlessly leaves the room, shutting the door softly behind him as he goes. Good; he’s understood the implicit cue in the request, and knows precisely which of their plans to enact.
And of course, Sherlock suddenly solving the mystery of the little girl’s missing bunny-rabbit is a delightfully surprising turn of events. It’s always endearing to glimpse Sherlock’s well-hidden softer side, and the way he pulls clues and a solution to the mystery out of thin air like… well, a rabbit out of a hat, is nothing short of marvelous.
The safe beeps once, and it’s gears whir noisily as it unlocks. He exhales shakily in relief and allows lets his eyes fall shut for a brief moment as he wills his heart to stop pounding.
“Ah,” Mycroft arches a brow, “I suppose I should have guessed as much. It does make sense now, why you dragged your feet for as long as you did about informing Mummy. Rather remiss of me not to have realized it before.”
Ah yes, that supposed danger that Irene had warned about.
There’s no crime scene to investigate as of yet; the Cavendish Omega having been pulled off the street and into an commonplace grey sedan with obscured plates whilst shopping. The ransom note that arrived at the house shortly thereafter was similarly unremarkable: typed and printed on ordinary printer paper, delivered by a teenage boy who’d received anonymous instruction online. Whoever was responsible had taken care to remain as untraceable as possible.
“We destroy this, then,” Mycroft announces with sudden with bluster. “Then no-one has the information.”
fancied herself in love him, that hardly meant that he had to return the sentiment. Why would he? He can understand Mycroft’s delusion on the matter; given his quaint assumptions about both Sherlock’s chastity, and experience with… interpersonal relations. But as to why
