“In that case, the court rules in favor of the defense. Mr. Barnes is hereby awarded primary custody of the children. Mrs. Hansen is awarded half of the marital assets, or thirty-seven million dollars.”
“This is it,” Steve whispered as they got to the 72nd floor. If Tony had any motor control left in his body, he’d have warned Steve that it most likely was locked and that he’d have to pick it, but when Steve tried the door handle, it gave away smoothly under his touch and opened with ease.
“Don’t have to,” Tony answered after a momentary silence. “Plenty of people divorce on the East Coast.”
“You might want to sit down,” Tony suggested with an awkward, practiced smile and gestured at the stool for added effect.
“Tony, you look so good I could lick you clean instead of letting you take a shower after the gym,” Steve drawled as he dropped his hands into his lap. “Can we figure out what’s going on first?”
“I am,” Tony said with a wry twist of his lips, but he couldn’t quite meet Steve’s eyes when he said it. “It’s been so long, and, well, eating sugar makes me sick. I’m sorry, Steve. It’s… it’s fucking gorgeous, I can’t tell you how badly I want to eat it.”
Tony’s world stopped spinning the minute he laid eyes on him. Tall, broad-shouldered, and so damn hot Tony could feel himself salivating at the same time as his whole mouth ran dry.
“That was an
If breakfast fails tomorrow, Bubby’s: http://www.bubbys.com/menu/tribeca/
, he walked away.
“You are a patient teacher,” Steve said with a distracted smile. The way Tony’s face changed from the stern silence some seconds ago to this sudden burst of pride was the change of night and day, and distracting as he was, Steve couldn’t help his straying thoughts. These bureaucratic complications were extensive and too integrated into every aspect of daily life; they could not be without their purpose. But for whose benefit were they?
“No, you’re good. Nine o’clock on Friday,” she told him before turning to go, only to remember one more detail. “45 Dunston Street.”
Tony crouched down beside the little girl with tears gathering in her eyes, and while any mere mortal might have laughed at just how seriously she took talks about genitalia and reproduction, Tony just reached out to rub her shoulder gently. “I’ll tell you all about it during lunch, okay?” he promised. “You’ll have lots to teach your mom today, I promise.”
“How different could this be?” Steve pointed out as he was eased back into a cushioned seat. “Sit where you’re comfortable, Foster.”
The kids collectively moaned and pouted about going back to their lessons when Tony was there to visit, but out of the vague sounds of complaint, one voice piped up to ask,
Steve zoned out of what sounded like a well-practiced speech. Where was their food? He kept casting glances around them, hoping to catch a server with food that looked like his mountain of vegetarian tacos, but nobody seemed to be coming their way. Instead, he started to appreciate the view instead. The glass dome of Taco Bell really did give them a view for miles around, and while the exotic trees were indistinct under the cover of darkness, the lights were breathtaking. Unlike the harsh, unnatural city lights Steve had learned to associate with the future the first time he came out of the ice, this city looked like a fairy tale. It glowed, warm and inviting. He realized quickly that the cars of the future didn’t have headlights, but they emanated a gentle glow themselves, lighting the immediate area around them in every direction as they zipped past each other.
Lube up & feel better
“What in pluperfect hell–is that a
“That was originally my cup. Yours spilled.”
The thing was, Tony always paid. People who weren’t Rhodey never paid for Tony. More often than not, people only stayed as long as he paid.
It was a person, concealed in darkness between the palm trees.
“I picked up some curry,” Tony told him, blissfully unaware of Steve’s unhelpful thoughts. “Lamb and eggplant for you, pumpkin and paneer for me.”
“You emptied me this morning, pet,” Steve warned him, pulling Tony off his cock by a firm grip of his hair. “Breathe. Be gentle. Open,” he added then, and rubbing his index finger wet over the saliva dripping from Tony’s swollen bottom lip. Eager and obedient, Tony let his mouth fall open, and holding his mouth open with his fingers, Steve eased Tony’s mouth over his hardening cock like a glove.
With Kline in custody, Steve wasted no time prying Hammer’s fingers off of Tony. The preliminary CSU findings in Tony’s townhouse revealed how Kline had most likely been watching Tony all this time: through the crawlspace and wall cavity. The old sturdy brownstone had left Kline enough leeway to move about freely, and they had already found dozens of candy wrappers, wadded tissues, and cigarette butts to show where he’d been hiding himself. The litter also turned out to be very helpful in pointing them to the spots where Kline had drilled peep holes through the wall to watch Tony unseen.
In a feigned moment of sobriety, Steve made a show of thinking it over and ultimately nodding in the affirmative. “Deal.”
The effect was immediate. Tony slumped to the floor between Steve’s thighs, high on his sudden spike of bone-deep contentment. His throat was raw from the abuse, but still he refused to release Steve’s cock. He settled back into his position on the floor between his master’s thighs, and without the urgency of earlier, he nuzzled into Steve’s lap and tenderly suckled on the head in gratitude.
“Captain Steven G. Rogers, in honor of your arrival, and your protection of the sanctity of human life, namely my own, I wish for you to join me for dinner tonight. The both of you,” he added with a pointed look at Tony that practically left Steve’s steward swooning. “I insist. You must accompany me to Taco Bell this evening.”
“Oui,” Tony teased, sidling in close to Steve’s side. “Would you be my date to the ball, Steve Rogers?”
Tony’s steady gaze flickered down to Steve’s lips, so quick Steve almost didn’t catch it.
“Then how can she be twenty-six if they’ve been married nine years?”
“I think that’s enough for today.”
Bucky dropped the subject in favor of clicking on Netflix and enjoying his sugar bomb in peace. Steve, however, couldn’t stop thinking about it.
“Not in the class, but when I got back to my room I was a mess. She could make your blood run cold in your veins if she wanted to.”
“I know, but somewhere I missed the chapter about why we can’t call in everyone on your list and interrogate them,” Steve couldn’t help but argue, especially now that he was staring down the barrel of a three-thousand dollar wardrobe makeover. “Wouldn’t that be more efficient?”
“Doesn’t have to do with the square, I think. At some point, the US government gave England a statue of George Washington as a gift, and they chose to put it here. Except, George Washington had sworn never to step foot on English soil ever again, because he’s extra like that, so when they sent the statue they included a piece of America so that the Washington statue wouldn’t make a liar out of Washington.”
Steve watched Tony stumble through his apology, and finally, Tony seemed to give up. He picked up the old duffle, slung it over one shoulder, and with a final mumbled
“Take a moment, Tony,” Dr. Odinson said in a deep, soothing rumble. “Calm yourself. Consider the question with care.”
Steve watched Tony turn to leave. He wasn’t entirely sure he heard right, or even understood why a white lie upset Tony the way it did, but he shook it from his thoughts and jogged after him.
“This is Tony Stark.”
“These past six weeks that I’ve been spending time with Benedita on my days off,” he continued quietly, “you have every right to be angry, Tony. I was lying to you; I wasn’t helping her promote a community center.”
With all that attention and focus, wanting to take care of him, Steve would make damn sure that Tony came first. And as Tony was catching his breath, body still going through tremors, fingers still curled around Steve's hair, Steve would pull him even closer and push in further, wrap his arms around Tony's body and
“It’s your first time out in the country, Steve,” Tony huffed out, pulling up the bottom of his tank to wipe at his nose.
, the dialect of High German spoken in old Machtberg. Lumine was part of old Terrini where people spoke Cimbri, an ancient Italian relative of High German that now was nearly extinct. Though they were not close enough to be intelligible, Tony had been raised to speak both fluently, so he almost took the language symbol on patient charts for granted. Everyone he met in Lumine spoke Cimbri; this woman was an exception.
Dumbfounded, Steve stared back at the unexpected happiness dawning in Tony’s expression.
“Tony, you’re nominated for an
“Yes,” Steve answered on a soft breath before Tony even had to ask. Permission given, Tony closed the space between them and claimed Steve’s lips with a hungry kiss, with eager teeth and needful moans that formed Steve’s name. He pushed at Steve’s knees with his elbows until he relaxed his legs from his comfortable seated position, and made it easier for Tony to get his jeans undone.
A lifetime of experience had taught him that silence was isolation. Silence was danger.
Too casually, to Steve’s ears. He watched through the mirror behind the counter as Bucky frowned at the new development, though he clearly couldn’t resist. He peered into the bag, and took a judicious sniff of the gift-wrapped candle.
Steve was gone.
“Confirm that they would be willing to meet our minimum bid,” Steve mumbled sleepily without so much as looking at either of them. His head was too heavy so he rested with his forehead against the car window, and his tired eyes couldn’t endure the California sun without watering. His weary thoughts swarmed and echoed with roaring force inside his head leaving him with no energy to spare on any thought besides how badly, how desperately he wanted to rest. All he wanted was one night, one rotten, godforsaken night of peace.
“Whoa, Steve!” a familiar voice said in alarm, and Steve blinked his eyes open just in time to realize he had been inches from knocking heads with Tony. Tony, who was panting and glistening with sweat in his black tank top and Iron Man inspired workout tights. He might have laughed, because Steve could feel his heart lifting for no reason, but he wasn’t conscious of what was happening until he noticed genuine alarm in Tony’s voice.
The silence hung between them for a long, long time. Sarah stared at him, baffled to a point of shock.
“Steve? Hey, are you alright?”
“The world doesn’t revolve around you, Tony!” Clint called over his shoulder, but Steve barely heard their conversation. He sat up the moment he recognized Tony’s voice, looking for him.
Tony held out his hands again for Steve. They were bare and already too cold for comfort, and Steve closed his hands over Tony’s to warm him up. He frowned to himself in surprise, and Tony heard Steve mutter ‘how?’ to himself in Cimbri before pressing Tony’s hands to his own face, one on each cheek, and covering them with his own big, warm hands. Tony had to bite his lips to keep from smiling like a fool.
“I’m not letting anybody pay ten bucks for a skinny eclair. On principle, Steve,” Tony insisted, and Steve shouldn’t laugh so easily. “There’s a farmer’s market a few blocks down. Unless that’s too cheap for your sexy without trying too hard look?”
“I think what Thor is trying to say is that there’s something wrong with this man,” Bruce said from his comfortable spot at Tony’s desk. “Maybe it’s time to cut our losses?”
Steve frowned to himself, but found he couldn’t stop himself from asking. He needed to know. “Stark, what is screening and driving?”
Steve opened his mouth to say something when the announcement was made that first class passengers were welcome to begin boarding. “That’s us,” he said instead, then got up and offered his hand to help Tony to his feet. “Anything I need to know before we get in?”
Bucky joined them just in time to misunderstand the conversation. “What happened?”
The hesitation in Tony’s look of hope and excitement eased away at last with unexpected laughter, and he brought Steve’s hands to his smiling lips for an affectionate kiss. “You, Steve Rogers, are more than that. You are more than I could have hoped for. Let’s do it, take me to your place already, because I can’t wait to see what it means to be cared for by you.”
“Alright, fine. If you’re sure,” Bucky said eventually. They sat together in silence for a short time, but Bucky didn’t push, and Steve couldn’t seem to find the right words. Instead of letting it fester, Bucky pushed himself back to his feet and made an effort to change the subject. “Well, I don’t know about you, but I’m starving. The game starts in an hour. Wanna go to Shield, or grab something and watch it at your place?”
“What haven’t you thought of, Tony?” Hope mused to herself in awe. “If anything will bring me home from this mission, it will be your incredible work. And if I don’t come home,” she couldn’t help but add with a tickled smirk, a thought too common to be worrisome. “At least your beautiful brown eyes will be my last memory of England. Thank you.”
Steve’s mouth twisted around the impulse to correct the use of ‘prostitute,’ but tried for a more subtle way to address it. “His accountants would be aware if he regularly employs high-end sex workers. Do we have access to his financial history?”
After a brief reflection, the judge called Romanov up to see him. Tony explained the situation again and let Romanov look at the papers herself. Without an explanation for her client’s fraudulent age as written on her license, Romanov could only nod in understanding and return to her seat and explain it all to her own client.
“Steve,” he whispered, his voice so soft it was almost lost to the sound of Howard pounding at the door. “Steve, it’s Sweden.”
“Well-written shitstorm,” Steve corrected mildly, and Tony huffed in amusement. “Your timing is great. It’s been five days and no peep on the case, this can only help. I appreciate it, Tony.”
“Three fingers and you’re still so tight,” Steve groaned in his awe, changing his grip to pull Tony’s hole open by his middle and fore- fingers. Tony could only bite down on his fist to muffle his grunts of pain, silencing himself to let Steve look his fill, but somehow Steve noticed. He slackened his grip immediately and asked how Tony was, promising he’d be more careful. Before Tony could assure Steve that he was fine, that the pain was a good pain, Steve slipped his hands down to cup and squeeze the meat of Tony’s ass, gently spreading him open for a less invasive treat.
“So, you’re telling me all this was planned?”
“That is quite personal, my friend,” Thor agreed. “It alone is not cause for dismissal.”
Clint grinned shyly, and gave him a little wave of his fingers.
“Why, that’s a marvelous idea!” Bruce said with a smile, practically jogging to keep up. He didn’t look happy until they reached their conveyance and he could finally fall into the passenger seat. “How will you achieve such a miracle, Captain Steven G. Rogers?”
without permission—”
Steve snorted at the question, shaking his head at a thought. “You don’t know the half of it. I was going to buy you a ring, at first,” Steve said with a wistful smile. His attention briefly fell to Tony’s left hand, and he turned it gently so he could sweep the pad of his thumb over Tony’s naked ring finger. “I love your hands,” he couldn’t help but say before continuing to tell Tony what happened.
“This isn’t real, is it?” Tony mumbled, frowning into his coffee. “This is a dream.”
“I don’t have any children,” Ben hissed, spitting the venomous words directly at Pierce. “Because of you. I watched my wife and my nephew starve to death, because of
“No,” Steve said with a big yawn, “gotta work. Gotta finish everything due next week. The Challenge is Saturday, and diving starts up on Monday again.”
Steve grunted under his breath in disgust. “You couldn’t even imagine.”
Steve followed her line of sight, and sure enough, Phil Coulson, natural-born accountant, was chatting to a handful of young women several yards ahead of them. He appeared to be trying (and failing) to chat them up, so Steve shot Maria a meaningful look and slowed his pace so they could eavesdrop as they passed.
“What were you going to say, Tony?”
“I wasn’t tired,” Steve said casually, then with a little frown of reluctant defeat, he added, “and this is both satisfying and relaxing. I don’t know what the hell an afghan is, but I’m compelled to make one.”
The Scraps and both Steve and Tony turned to stare at the man bleeding all over himself from his broken nose.
“Yeah, let’s stay away from students,” Tony agreed, sipping on his scotch. It was still his first drink of the night, and really, for what they had planned he would need to be sober. “Let’s avoid anyone who looks under 25.”
“I didn’t ask you to buy me a drink, I asked you to have a drink with me,” Steve said, sitting down in a seat where he had a view of the doors. “So what do you do? Besides hosing down strangers in the street.”
Tony smiled up at his brother as Steve thanked him, then he turned back to Steve. “So, what happened? What’s her name?”
“Let’s take two,” he decided, grabbing one in black and one in charcoal grey. “Just in case.”
What had he been thinking, inviting Tony back to the apartment? His room was a mess, but worse than that,
“That’s fair. What if it’s a threeway with Rachel and Daniel?” Steve wondered curiously. “Does that count as one or two?”
“How’d Coulson convince you to do it?”
. The idea was somehow more daunting than it was exciting, even though the clinic he was hired by consisted mostly of supportive, warm people he got along with easily. The work itself was laid back and meaningful. He would have the chance to assist with a great variety of patients, from student athletes working through injuries, to victims of car accidents, and seniors struggling with their loss of flexibility. Earlier that day, Steve had been given the chance to work with a young woman who was recovering from a bad fall. For 90 minutes, they chatted and laughed while Steve helped her with her range of motion and flexibility.
,” both Tony and Bucky said pointedly to each other before realizing what had happened. They frowned at each other and gave Steve a withering look.
The woman didn’t miss a beat. She politely asked him to hold, and returned a moment later to connect the call.
“Unzip, babe,” Tony whispered into his ear. “Pull out your fat cock for me.”
Superman’s son. Steve was the son of the greatest hero of Tony’s generation, and he wanted to be with Tony. He trusted Tony.
Tony followed him hesitantly, watching as Steve set their bags on the small table. He grinned at the little fire going in the honest to god wood-burning stove that warmed their tree house, then stepped out to take in the view from the balcony. The more he saw, the more Tony watched his smile grow, until with a surge of energy Steve climbed the ladder to the loft to see the bed.
“I own real estate in New York City,” Steve told him, which finally seemed to give Howard pause. “Two apartments, one condo. Paid off; they’re paying my mortgage now. I’m eyeing a beach house in California as my next purchase. If you’re worried that my intentions are motivated by money, you are welcome to my financial plans. I’ve got the next five to ten years laid out to the dollar, and none of them involve your son.”
Without thinking, Steve got to his feet as soon as Tony started getting up. He reached for his wallet and dug out what looked like five twenties for the table. Before Tony could disagree, he was following Steve out the door into fresh air.
He connected the call and answered as he always did. “Rogers.”
Instead, kept far from prying eyes in the back of Tony’s closet, he kept Steve’s clothes. The two button ups he’d taken to practice ironing on and only ever slept in. The small collection of Steve’s briefs, all a size too large for Tony, but they fit in his hands, where it most mattered. He’d smuggled them away from Steve on those spontaneous nights they spent in Tony’s room, and he fondly remembered the feigned attempts to help Steve locate his underwear the next morning, only to regretfully send his gorgeous stud back to Boston commando.
His plan was to work so hard he wouldn't have the time to miss Brock until he saw him again. At Harvard Law school, as an equal. Nobody could deny that he was a serious person then.
“Says the injured idiot—I had the day off, did you know that? Coulson called when I was having a fucking
With that, Steve turned on his heel and strode away. Maria fell in beside him immediately, looking all but stunned.
There was no clear space on the floor for him when he finally made it to the young man’s bed, but Steve balanced carefully on a pair of moist flip flops, a large, scrunched-up towel, and a pair of stained boxers as he reviewed his target.
“Off duty,” Steve said in a clipped tone, cupping Tony’s face with his big hand to block Tony from the creature’s view.
“Staff meeting in thirty minutes,” Scott ducked in to remind them.
At first Steve didn’t answer. He pressed his cheek against the top of Tony’s head, quiet and unmoving, as if he needed time to find his feet again. Then, he picked up the book at the page he had left off and read,
“Bank, groceries, home cooked food?” Tony countered with an impish excitement. Steve watched his excitement curiously; from all that he had seen in Tony’s studio, Steve wouldn’t have guessed Tony was particularly interested in cooking. His excitement could have been about anything from food play and fucking on the dining room table, to enjoying the freedom of cooking in a large, top of the line kitchen instead of his own outdated kitchenette.
“I helped you find the Last Chief!” Tony shouted back. “I helped bring her back! I did everything I promised, and now it’s your damn turn,
He paused then, staring at Tony and tilted his head to the side. He took a step to the left.
Before Tony moved and dislodged his comfortable set-up, Steve closed the bathroom door behind him and came to sit beside the tub. He pulled the bathmat over and gingerly lowered himself into a seated position, groaning every time his sore back cried out in protest at unavoidable sudden movements.
“It’s old-school sexism,” Steve agreed without beating around the bush. “He thinks women go crazy for jewelry, but men, I don’t know, prefer cars and boats and power tools. But it stayed with me anyway, and I thought it wouldn’t hurt to look… then I learned that there were palaces for sale in the same price range as the rings I was looking at, and
Once they had driven far enough that Steve couldn’t see the house, the stable, or the barn, Howard broke the silence. “If you think my son is some cash cow to take advantage of,” he told Steve matter of factly, “you are sorely mistaken.”
Stephanie red lips curled into a bashful smile, and a faint blush of color rose in her cheeks. “Of course. Is, um… is that bad? Do you not like eggs?”
“Right, that’s reasonable,” Steve agreed in a distracted tone, clearly worrying over a whole other issue now that the first one was solved.
Tony added two drops of water to his scotch, then shot Steve a curious look. “What do you mean?”
“With my moms, Your Highness,” Taobe whispered when Steve was closer to his height, keeping his voice low like he was imparting a secret that he couldn’t tell fast enough. “My dad—well, I don’t remember him, sir, but I never needed a dad because my ma’s done his job, too. But I was eight when you married King Anthony, Your Highness. I never knew… back then, I didn’t know that that happened, so I asked my ma and she, she was so happy she cried, and said she was like you, then, and a year after that, Mariana found us, and, and you didn’t know it,” he finished with uncomfortable, furtive looks at the tall men standing behind Steve, “but I don’t think ma and I would have Marimama without you. Sir. Your Highness, sir. And so I always told myself that if I ever met you that I had to thank you for… for making it something normal everyone knows about. For making my ma feel less alone.”
Soft, hapless words of gratitude spilled from Tony’s lips while his hips continued stuttering up to thrust his cock against the back of Steve’s throat. But Steve still had his long fingers curled deep inside Tony, and each time Tony started to relax, he would graze his knuckles over Tony’s prostate to coax another thrust, another gush of come, another grunt of satisfaction. Tony was almost at the point of having to shove Steve away just to catch his breath when Steve eased off. Instead of his knuckles directly pressing up against Tony’s prostate, now only the pads of his fingertips lazily circled it; he also pulled off of Tony’s cock, shifting down instead and closing his mouth around Tony’s balls, suckling with an easy going and self-indulgent hunger.
Sharon eyed him dubiously. “It’s been three months. I think you’re going to give him a second date no matter what I say.”
“Buck, hang on,” Steve quietly disagreed. “Nobody will know the references in those letters better than Mr. Stark. The others are tied up following up on the three victims, so we don’t have enough man hours to get through these quickly.”
“That isn’t a lot of pressure at all,” Steve drawled, but Maria only smiled more brightly, and rubbed his back.
“Tony!” Howard shouted from the other side of the door. “We’re losing sunlight, boy, get out here!”
“Hi, Tony. How about that drink?”
“Uh, hey,” he tried to say as casually as possible. “Have you met Sharon?”
“Tony?”
“It’s Captain America,” Steve intoned with a sigh. “It’s never over.”
There was something about Bond’s soft, rumbling growls and gentle grunts that left Tony’s body trembling like some misaligned Pavlovian party trick. Bond was quieter than he had expected; no
It was all Steve could do not to squeeze tight and tear Tony’s sweatpants off his body.
“I’m going to stretch you open on my cock, sweetheart,” Steve promised him with a deep, predatory growl in his voice. “I’m going to finger you wet and fill you with my cock, hold you down and split you open against this couch until you sob and beg and streak this couch with your come.”
“That was the emergency on Friday, you
“You sound very sure of yourself for a quick glance, Mr. Stark,” he observed. “Look again.”
Beside him, the girls openly wept. Even as silence fell over the audience and someone stood to address the audience, the girls wept. Tony didn’t want to invite the other masters’ attention by looking at them to see what was happening, but he had noticed earlier that while he was turned comfortably to lie on his belly, the girls were on their backs with their legs pushed out of the way. He couldn’t be sure if they were simply uncomfortable or if other things were being done to them, but he didn’t dare look. Instead, he glanced at Steve to see if he was watching them.
Steve blinked down at the helmet in his hands. “Begin what?”
It took some time, but Steve shuffled closer and leaned into Tony’s arms after a stretch of silence. He still wouldn’t let go of his ears.
“Then Thor’s a Jason Mamoa,” Jane informed him, not without pride. “Big and intimidating, but it only makes you want him more.”
Tony’s laughter quieted with a softly inhaled gasp. “Tomorrow,” he murmured, his voice suddenly deep with interest, “we will finish this when I see you, and that noise you just made, tomorrow.”
“Yeah, pretty sure. That would have been early in the morning in Central Park. Before the press.”
—were hoping this week would work for you, too. What do you think, mom?”
“Tony, something’s been on your mind for weeks, you’re scaring me here,” Steve confessed after enough time had passed without a reply. “Talk to me, please.”
“I can show you how I did it,” Steve offered, but Clint scoffed and shook his head.
a traitorous little voice whispered. They would know of his cottage then; even if these Women of the East did not take him, they could tell others of his home.
it’s ok lorna: they’re young and they’re both hot, it’s not gonna last.
An indignant fire burned behind Bucky’s eyes and he looked ready to burn down  hell for Steve. Bucky’s faith in him was all Steve had left in his corner now.
“Do you know who Steve, Steve Rogers’ roommate is?” Rhodey pressed. “Do you know if his roommate will report you for breaking the only rules they have while—”
“Captain America has been coded and removed from his cell. They did not quantify status in his time, so while he believes he is an adult, I disagree. He will be in need of stewardship for the duration of his reinstatement,” Fury explained to them on the way. “His stewardship is assigned to you, Lieutenant Robert B. Banner.”
Dumbfounded, he showed the text to Bucky.
If Pierce had calming words to offer, Steve had no interest in hearing them. He marched away from the scene of the crime without a look back.
Tony had been so distracted dreaming about inviting himself to Steve’s jacuzzi that Steve’s non-sequitur question surprised him.
A long, soft moan escaped Tony’s lips as Steve started finger fucking him to spread more and more lube inside him, until he was fisting the bedsheets. “Sock!” he gasped the first time Steve grazed by his prostate, “sock, sock sock sock, can’t—”
“James, finally,” Carol said amid the loud disagreements from Bucky and Sam and others as Steve was gently pulled off his stool and led away from the bar. His legs were unsteady and his knees gelatinous, and as unhappy Steve was about being moved, he wasn’t all that confident he could put the breaks on without toppling over.
They were covering the State v. Latimer in Hawley’s class, the last case before the dreaded midterm.
You auditioned for MIB reboot?
Rather than buzz Thor’s apartment directly, he swept both hands over the buttons all at once, and like magic he was buzzed up by some irritated soul who had no patience for pranks. Taking the steps two at a time, he made it to Thor’s fourth floor apartment in record time, panting, sweating, and regretting at least two of his donuts from earlier.
In his sleep, Tony’s lips curled up in a smile, and with the unhurried indulgence of a far-off dream, he rocked his hips and rubbed his soft cock against the covers of his bed. Steve watched on with a satisfied smirk as Tony's cock filled and hardened; quick work for someone so young. He knelt beside the bed, then coaxed Tony’s legs farther apart with a gentle, sweeping touch up Tony’s inner thigh. In his new position almost entirely on his belly, it was no effort on Steve’s part to bring both hands up to frame Tony’s firm, round ass, and knead them just hard enough to squeeze and separate for his inspection.
“He set the new world records, did he not?” she wondered, and her recognition of a guest had Graham beaming with a smile.
The question clearly wasn’t a grunter or a hummer, and it caught Tony off-guard. He blinked back at her. “No?”
Steve perked up, clearly over his embarrassment immediately. “It’s not too late for that.”
Steve stared back at them all as if he expected someone to revealing this was a cruel prank. It was with a broken sigh that he eventually gave up that hope. “I, I need a smoke. Marlboros, anything, I don’t care what—”
“I’m regretting so many life decisions right now,” Tony said with an exaggerated sigh as he finally pulled up in the right driveway, sliding in next to Steve’s bike.
(Blowjobs didn’t count, right?)
Suggested menu: Jalepeno Scramble, Fried Chicken, Avocado toast. Drinks: Eastside. Dessert: Sour cherry pie.
In the far end of the living room, a poster of a distantly familiar man in Steve’s old USO costume was glaring back at him from a Captain America: The Marvel of Humanity poster. Steve couldn’t look away.
With the thundering gallop of his heartbeat pounding in his ears, Steve sat up slowly and with great care, doing his best not to jostle the man sleeping beside him. Long, naked legs stretched out from under the duvet, tan and lean, but the rest of him was bundled up in their shared duvet. Steve inched closer until finally he realized who it had to be.
“And stop staring at me,” Steve drawled even as he watched Tony with such adoration, as if nothing else mattered. “I feel like we’re inside of a Disney movie. Belle’s gonna come around the corner singing about the price of eggs any second.”
“Thirty minutes ago. I haven’t heard from anyone,” Bucky reported with intentional calm, his jaw set in his determination. He would stick to the clear facts, however scant and unsatisfying they were. “The walls must be up; there is no communication with Consone. The only message we received was from Pepper regarding Lila’s safety.”
Out of respect for their monarch, Tony was invited to go first. He hit the bullseye on his first attempt, then somehow buried his second arrow right beside the first. Even with the jubilant applause of the excited audience, Tony could still make out Steve’s sharp whistling and deep laughter. One glimpse at his husband, and it was so clear Steve was ready to burst with pride. Tony had scored a perfect twenty and made it look effortless, except… Bucky was no less adept in his marksmanship.
Tony had half a mind to tell Steve that it was the five different species of scorpions and the seven venomous snakes he should be worried about. Or, if size was the terror factor, the 200 pound boars who could run as fast as a horse and were particularly territorial this time of year should be at the top of his list, not the friendly little black bears.
“My feelings for you haven’t changed, sweetheart. I would never break my promise to you if it was not out of concern for your safety.”
Steve blinked in surprise; he couldn’t believe she’d acknowledged they even had a party! “What? I love costume parties!”
“The Rangers or the Islanders?”
“With all due respect, Steve,” Rhodey replied as diplomatically as he could while both irritated and exhausted. “I’m not sleeping while Tony is out here working.”
“Visual? Sex isn’t visual,” Steve answered on impulse. “That’s porn—pornography. I don’t, that’s not my thing, Tony, I, sex is about a growing closer and learning about each other, building a physical connection—”
“Not for you. I’m only here a week,” Tony reminded him gently. The more appeased Steve was with the situation, the easier he would sleep at night. It was the least Tony could do. “I’ll do what I can with these data, then I’ll get some rest while you’re all questioning Preston’s friends and family.”
“Like waxedtreasuretrail81 said,” Steve drawled to Tony’s sudden burst of laughter, “I have no idea what’s going on or what will be happening, but it’s a journey that couldn’t have come at a better time.”
Tony hung his head and looked away, and Steve looked up in alarm, the blood drained from his face.
his body was reacting this way. In either case, Steve sure as hell wasn’t going to risk a meaningful friendship and happy working relationship over a goddamn
“You should see me with a stick,” Steve said as a half-joke, but the sudden heated look Tony gave him in return told him Tony had understood.
“Well… I guess? If we must, but, uh,” Tony hedged uncomfortably. “It’s, uh. Pretty private, so I’d rather talk in …you know. In private. Could you come to my place? I even have all my books here, I could show you what I mean.”
“Oh, class is about to start,” he said with a bright smile. His first law school lecture! “Meet me after on those benches? I have a lot to tell you.”
The months that followed were their happiest days. The kingdom celebrated the happy news widely, and gifts poured in from far and wide for the mother-to-be. Nobody could have known then how the long-awaited birth of their future king would end the life of their beloved young Queen.
“No formalities necessary in a hospital, madame,” Tony said as calmly as he could despite his skyrocketing heartbeat. He wanted so badly to help, but privately he had feared that he’d do more harm than good by overwhelming patients. Thankfully, however, his guess had been right, and Agneta’s sudden anxieties over propriety were soothed.
Steve glanced at Tony for a second, as if unsure if there would be more words in this introduction. “Nice to meet you, too,” he replied to Jane with a close-lipped smile and shook her hand.
Steve was barely conscious as Tony helped him slide off the table. How he made his way to the bathroom, Steve would never know. They left the weighted blanket on the bathroom floor as Tony walked Steve into the cavernous shower and washed his body clean. Water flowed like warm heavy rain from overhead, and Tony patiently guided Steve to a wide seat raised in one side of the shower. Steve dropped without complaint, and it wasn’t until he was off his feet that he realized how tired he was.
“And Tony, pull up your pants, I can tell your religion,” Maria snapped, but whatever was meant to follow was quickly forgotten. She lowered her hands to her sides and looked past Tony, who had just gathered his loose jeans in his hands again. Tony turned to see what she was suddenly staring at, and to his horror, he saw Steve standing in a corner of the kitchen, hunched into himself and still covering both his ears with his hands.
“No, no, it’s,” she started to say, then cleared her throat. When she spoke again, it was with  direct honesty, getting right to the point the way Steve preferred. “It’s not, boss. Last May I tried it the way you drink it, and it’s surprisingly good, and—”
“I’d like that,” Steve admitted, a quiet laugh escaping alongside his words.
There wasn’t money or gold in that damn truck: it was food. Fresh produce and bottled water.
Steve’s lips twisted in a snarl that was more of a pout, but he trailed after Tony dutifully for lack of a better option. Tony seemed to have a plan, and he’d jumped into the worst of it first: foundations, aka underwear.
“What would you like first, Tony?” Steve murmured against his ear, still squeezing and rolling Tony’s balls in his hand. “My cock, or work?”
“Tony, it’s not—”
“What fucking context could possibly make that acceptable?” Tony demanded, glaring at him in a rage with his arms crossed tightly across his chest. He stood in the far corner of the elevator, as far from where Steve hovered in the doorway as he could be.
Steve would be bracketed between Tony's thighs, with Tony's body curled up into Steve, both tangled together. It wouldn't take long for Steve to dig into the nightstand behind Tony for the lube he kept there, sometimes for company, sometimes for his own hand. And with Tony's thighs spread, his hips canted up on Steve's knees, for all intents and purposes offered up to him, Steve could get a hand between them and press two, three lubed fingers into him. And even with last night’s multiple rounds it was still a tight stretch, a burn with the pleasure. But Steve would waste little time pushing right in, swallowing Tony's moaned whimper in a kiss. Show Tony how much he cared this time, kissing him thoroughly, cradling him close, protecting him from the world with his body, rocking into him with slow, rolling hips, luxuriating in him right there on the floor in a little cranny cramped together in a tiny space between the wall and the nightstand, with Tony's back pressed against nightstand, Steve rocking the furniture with every thrust. Steve would have his full attention on taking care of Tony, on pushing him past his fear of losing Steve, or seeing him hurt.
Steve frowned and smoothed his hand over his polo shirt again, as if to comfort himself that it looked better than what Sharon was suggesting. “Don’t insult me: it was 400 hundred dollars.”
“What’s that?” Tony complained with an exaggerate little moue of self-pity. “You don’t think I’m too pretty to be punched?”
“Give me one week,” Tony said in the pregnant silence left by Steve’s lack of an answer. “Four gay men are gone, Steve. In our city. Let me help.”
And somehow, against all rational counterpoints, Steve could feel himself swooning. He cleared his throat and tried to clear his head. Twelve years on the force, and he was a damn good detective. He was better than his teenage fantasies.
“People who would be given severance packages,” Steve continued through gritted teeth. “Tony, these might not even be the same investors that you deal with when the hand-off happens; they might even
Tony took Steve by the hand, and they walked together to where Howard was going over the marriage license and the prenup one more time.
“Tough,” Tony huffed in reply. “Whatever. We gotta go; it’s almost noon.”
“Yeah, that’s better, you’ll be alright,” he said with a smile. “Looks like you’ve put a bad day behind you.”
“Then why are you targeting my son?” Howard demanded, somehow angrier now that he’d been proved wrong. “Tony… has a big heart. When he falls, he falls hard and fast. You’ve known him less than a week, and you’re already considering marriage?”
Days, weeks, months passed by in the first four hours of talking over the material at hand, and the last thing Steve remembered was that they decided to take a break. An few smacks on his shoulder slowly convinced Steve to peel his heavy eyelids open, and he lifted his head to see what was going on. He could feel the crusty drool trailing from his open mouth down to his chin, where it was still thick and wet and awkward. Absently, he scrubbed at his mouth and chin with his hand while trying to focus on what Tony was saying.
Tony hadn’t locked up behind him, so the door easily swung open to give Clint, the actor who played the SHIELD agent known as Hawkeye, an uninterrupted view of the scene taking place in Steve’s trailer.
Tony watched him with a reluctant but undeniable lust in his eyes, but when Steve swept two fingers over the head of his cock to gather the first of the precum and offer it to Tony, he was quick to lean in take Steve’s hand in both of his, bring it to his mouth, and suck the come off of  Steve’s fingers.
“You come on my cock, Tony, nothing else,” Steve growled, his voice tight and hoarse from need and exertion. Then, his lips curled up in a dark smirk, and lowered his voice to ask, “Are you watching yourself, Tony? What do you see?” he asked with a guttural grunt, slowing his thrusting and changing his position until he found the right angle to grind against Tony’s prostate, reducing him to a mewling, desperate mess; he bent over Tony’s body and closed his lips and his teeth over a nipple, biting and laving it with his tongue in turn between his questions. Tony sobbed with the need to come—he was so full, so close, all he needed was a touch, just a little—
“Let’s do it,” Steve replied as Tony leaned forward in a small show of excitement.
“And the kindest people make the best bad guys. You should know,” Steve pointed out without missing a beat. Tony stared in minor disbelief then quickly turned away, too busy trying to hide his inexplicable blush to think of a comeback. It wasn’t like he didn’t know Steve liked him, but it was still a little strange to hear it expressed explicitly.
“I’ll stay with him,” Bucky promised, then gestured across the way. “Tell her it’s on me.”
“Yes!” Tony cheered just as the lights went down. He enjoyed his popcorn and his drink, and even if he was a little louder than the average person, Steve didn’t find it too difficult to ignore the sounds of Tony’s slurping and munching.
“You got this, Tony. Let’s get two more puppies,” Steve stage whispered as he hauled the rotund little Mango (who had tried to engage Violet into playing) up into the air. “Hello, you monster! She doesn’t want to play right now, sweetheart, you’re stuck with me!” he laughed as Mango squirmed with excitement and eventually sat him down on his other side where Steve could pet him and Mango couldn’t bother Violet.
“Yeah, and you’re buying.”
Steve dug around for his Size A needles and carried the wool and his needles with him as he inspected the rest of the apartment. The bathroom was as spartan and clinical as he could had feared, but Tony had gone out of his way to provide tissues on the counter to replace the three seashells. The kitchen was spotless and the fridge was well stocked with both ready-made meals and some groceries. A jar of honey sat on his counter alongside a big bowl of walnuts. Nothing else had been placed out for him, but he ignored it for now and grabbed a bottle of water to take along.
“I’ll tell you how they found out he wasn’t a girl another time,” Clint promised, smirking at the memory already. “Go make peace.”
“Sick of you, maybe,” Tony teased, then nearly fell off his stool with a big laugh when he quickly swerved to avoid Steve’s retaliatory pinch.
“It's been two years. Betty Ross earned her license years ago, she deserves better than an impotent fiancé,” Bruce muttered as he awkwardly sat back into his desk chair. “She deserves so much better.”
“That I’m a strong candidate, but if I want to represent the entire marketing brand of
Punching the mute button wasn’t as satisfying as slamming down a receiver, but it was damn close. Bucky stared at him from two feet away, where he waited to reconnect with 002 on a long-range tagging op.
They were all bright young individuals with exciting interests and great passions, and Steve couldn’t wait for Brock to introduce him to this wonderful new world.
Steve averted his eyes and scoffed into his wet, boiled chicken. He chewed even though he wasn’t hungry. He swallowed even though he didn’t want it.
“I’m Steve,” the handsome stranger said, gesturing for Tony to sit down. “This is Seamus.”
“I do,” Tony answered immediately, biting the inside of his cheeks to keep from smiling. “I gladly accept the honor, sir.”
“You think I'm funny, but not everybody does, Tony. Gray doesn't want ‘trained comedy’,” Steve added, “he wants genuine, clever—”
Tony grimaced in horror. “Your date asked for somebody else’s number while y’all were on a date?”
Tony leaned in close, chasing Steve’s lips for another kiss. “Mbire needed a second opinion in his lab, we lost track of time. I tried calling,” he added, and sure enough, Steve blushed in response.
“What do you want, double-oh-pain in my ass?” Bucky muttered down the line, his voice intermittently indistinct against a backdrop of explosions and Sam’s shouts of triumph. “You’re taking me away from the ka-booms and the ka-pows, man, this better be good.”
“Could I ever say no to you?” he asked them through his laughter, “but, you know, it would help if I knew when you were going, and where—”
“—Annoyed! You and all of your questions are making me feel
“Fuck you, Stark. We’re no cannibals,” Bucky said with a dangerous snarl, but Steve held his hand up to silence him before it got worse. “You’re probably smelling Leticia’s burgers.”
A long beat passed between Tony cursing himself for his blind trust in Steve and hearing what Steve actually said.
“He hasn’t had it easy since you left, you know,” Rhodey told Tony quietly, his slurring less noticeable with his voice lowered. “We all missed you, but I think… it’s different for him.”
But Stephen wasn’t so easily distracted, and he tapped the little card with Tony’s IG post to bring his attention back to it. “And you said yes to…” he repeated with a sly, playful tone, trying one more time to get a straight answer out of Tony.
are the problem.”
“...but you hate me,” were the first words out of Steve’s mouth. “Why would you—that would ruin your internship, too.”
Steve sat up, strong enough to sit up even with Tony leaning over him. He gathered Tony up in his arms then turned him so Tony faced away from him on his hands and knees. With one hand planted between Tony’s shoulder blades to push his face down into the mattress, Steve pinned him in place so he could take his time taking stock of Tony’s ass. He sucked on his thumb until it came away wet with his spit, and with no other lubrication, Steve pressed his thumb into Tony, going slowly and with care.
In every case, except for his native Cimbri. From his earliest public appearance beside his mother, Steve expressed no reservations about who he was or where he came from. Now, face to face with a young man who shook like a leaf to speak with him, Steve was only grateful that his accent reflected his working class upbringing. An average, unpolished farmer whom the boy could relate to more easily than any king.
“Yes, ha ha. Laugh at my misery,” Steve tried to mutter irritably, but he couldn’t help but smile or stop the rumble of amusement that Tony could feel under his body.
all day. We can do something other than the movie, if that’s what you want, but, I, I want to spend today with you.”
The phone in his hand rang for an eternity of five seconds before someone finally answered.
“Tony, there are raccoons in New York,” Steve bit out behind a smile.
Steve smiled darkly.
“Get in the car,” Steve asserted.
“Did anyone see this happening,” Bruce queried and everyone shook their heads in response.
Tony and Clint woke up the next morning with aches everywhere.
Steve nodded.
“Clint, you know damn well that it is my day off.”
Tony and Natasha paused their administrations to look at him. Tony beamed and perched himself on Steve’s legs.
Steve couldn’t stomach looking at him. In the moments when he had been sprawled, hapless and concussed on the theater floor; when Tony held him and helped ease his pain with gentle fingers and laughing words; when he had woken up after a night of attentive care and medicine at his fingertips, Steve had dared to imagine that Tony was different.
Seamus made a particularly loud, pig-like snore, and kept sleeping without a care in the world. Tony watched the little dog with a big smile, then looked up to find Steve pretending not to watch them both.
Tony grinned at the insinuation of a story and glanced at Steve in his amusement before turning back to Bucky and offering him his hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you,” he said. “Steve talks about you often. Good things, usually.”
“There’s nothing wrong with the watch,” Steve said. If Clint felt his reply was defensive, he didn’t seem to care; instead, Clint cursed under his breath, and smacked his brother as he marched out of the closet. Tony followed him without taking a look for himself, as if wanting to spare himself the horror.
That nose; those lips. It could only be Tony.
She took the keys, and Tony packed up her gear on autopilot. She pressed in close and softly kissed him goodbye on the cheek. She smelled like orange blossoms and juniper.
“Pay y’r own c’tati’ns?” Tony slurred, hissing softly as Bruce found and pressed part of his own jacket against Tony’s wound to help slow the bleeding.
It only took Steve a minute to catch up with Tony in the kitchen, but Tony had already pulled out both pans, and he was in the process of tipping the bowl of frosting over the first when Steve saw him.
, tell the principal I’ll be hiding under my couch for the rest of the year—”
“Damn,” Tony breathed softly, moaning quietly to himself. Steve didn’t need to imagine what he looked like, making such a noise, or what he might be doing for himself. He knew exactly what it was, he only had to close his eyes and remember. “Never. Never would’ve guessed that, babe, but fuck that sounds hot. Maybe… maybe someday?”
Steve sniffed and scrubbed a hand over his face, wiping away the stray tears Tony pretended not to see. “Will you, uh,” he started to say, then cleared his throat quietly. “Will you be in it, too?”
“My opinion about liars hasn’t changed, you know.”
“Pierce Corporation,” Tony whispered in a voice he couldn’t muster. This was so much worse than he could ever have expected. “Steve Rogers, this means—our Governor, he must be in danger, there must be a, a criminal mastermind who has infiltrated his corporation and released the madman Brock Rumlow to do his bidding, our eminent Governor could be a target—”
“Don’t you need medicine? Nurses?” Tony asked while helping Steve out of his loafers. “Steve, it was a
“What I did never mattered to me, Tony. All I’ve wanted was to find the right partner,” Steve promised. “And honestly? You’ve been worth the wait.”
In stark contrast to how he’d fucked Tony only seconds earlier, Steve pulled out slowly and with great care. He knelt behind Tony again, spreading his cheeks just enough to see his own handywork. His gentle probing and clinical touch told Tony it wasn’t a part of the sex, but Steve’s need to assure himself that Tony wasn’t hurt or bleeding. It was something Steve always did after a particularly rough scene, and while he hadn’t said it, Tony cherished these wordless, physical check-ins deeply. He stayed in position, relaxed and satisfied while Steve examined his ass with gentle fingers and indulging massages.
. He’d built it himself; it had seen him through his first big break. Everything he’d ever written was on there, his expose on the double dealing Stane Inc., his award winning interview with Bruce fucking Wayne. The next chapter of his self-insert Superman fan fic that was over fifty pages and wasn’t backed up anywhere else.
“Hockey!” Steve suddenly shouted. “I’ll take him to a Rangers game!”
With Tony pinned and his weight partially braced against the wall, Steve had a moment to switch his grip, looping both arms under Tony’s thighs. He let one of Tony’s leg hang over his arm to the side, but he pushed the other up over his shoulder, leaving Tony in a natural spread.
Much later, after a second for Tony and Steve coming hard at last, Tony'd just give up resisting. He wouldn't have so much energy left, he'd really just want to fall back asleep, but he'd motion Steve closer to press their foreheads together, and he'd quietly promise not to leave, that he'd come back to Steve's team on the condition that they return to their original agreement, that Steve would only (and always) do precisely what Tony told him.
Tony opened his mouth immediately, and, unbidden, Steve’s memory conjured the visceral memory of Tony laughing ‘you first!’ back at him. But in the present, Tony’s nervous energy evaporated, and right before Steve’s eyes, Tony’s whole facade and confidence deflated. With his head hung low, Tony nodded in understanding.
Fuck communications, the most pointless of all cations. Vacation, supplication, lubrication, fornication. Replication. Lactation wasn’t one of them, but Tony enjoyed the way it sounded, and he gave it an honorable mention. In a weak moment of spite, Tony thought he wouldn’t be surprised to hear Steve was struggling in the damn class. Nobody with a decent understanding of
He showered and brushed his teeth in silence, never wanting for anything. How Tony had gotten all of this arranged for Steve was really beginning to bother him, but then again, Steve couldn’t imagine any reason why Tony would want to speak with him again that night. He couldn’t even imagine any reason why Tony would receive him as a friend. The whole situation reminded him far too much of the laws against homosexuality and sodomy in the 30’s, and the more he thought about it, the more Steve kicked himself for expecting Tony to casually forget his deeply held beliefs because of one short and emotional conversation.
Damn it all. He would never live this down.
“I’ll be right outside,” he promised the table, “just, calling, calling Tony—nobody eat my fries,” he remembered to warn them before running away as calmly as he could.
“I love you,” Tony told him with a smile that left Steve swallowing down a knot of emotion. “But Steve, my love, you ate nine and a half pies in less than four minutes! Who could overlook such an absurd number of pies?”
Steve made a face, looking from Tony to Tony’s phone and back again as he tried to figure out where Tony’s sudden energy came from. “Yeah, Jane Foster. Why?”
“Steve! Damnit, you scared me,” he laughed, shaking his head at himself before squeezing Steve just a little closer, a little possessively, before relaxing back against the wall. For reasons they both chose to overlook, Tony didn’t stop playing with Steve’s hair.
“The way you looked tonight, Tony,” Steve rasped in a whisper near Tony’s ear, “you moved like a dream.”
Steve spun the book over in his hand and smacked Tony’s arm with the flat of it before he got any further. “Tony!” he hissed, his cheeks blushing red with the effort not to laugh. But instead of words of chastisement or discomfort, Steve sounded indignant. “When have I ever denied my husband when he wants to ‘polish my crown’?”
cottage in disbelief, and silently he begged the gods to explain how the day could have turned on him like this. “But,” he stammered, too angry and shocked to patch his thoughts together properly. “This, this is
They both blushed and laughed in their surprise before looking at each other as if trying to measure where the other stood on the matter at hand.
But when he dared to glance up at Steve, Steve was smiling at him in amazement.
“Come on, it’s getting cold,” he said, offering Tony his hand. “Let’s get you up.”
“It’s not impossible,” Tony conceded, struggling to keep from smiling too broadly. “You want to keep your pants on, too?”
Steve’s instinct said no. Steve’s instinct said
“James didn’t think you’d know how to find this place,” she told him while they watched the two teams getting ready below.
“...Harvard?” Sarah breathed, stunned. “Honey, I—I don’t understand. Are you specifically going to Harvard, or are you applying to many law schools?”
“No! No, of course not. You'll meet him first,” Steve hurried to assure his somewhat territorial best friend, who at least cooled off a little with the promise that he was still safely at the top of the list. “But, it is serious. For me, anyway. I gave him a key to my place last night.”
Tony had just wanted one night of fun. Now Steve knew.
. I tried to imagine the son a man with that trajectory might raise. And that worked as a foundation for the first time we meet Robert, but now we get to reimagine him as a survivor of what happened to him, as a man with newfound purpose. I really got a chance to develop Iron Man independent of his legacy, and that was exciting to me. I explored him on my terms, and, I just… I loved every minute of it. I hope the fans like it, too.”
They were late for breakfast the next morning, but Steve really couldn’t have cared less. He followed Tony through the house easily, trying to distract himself from his private but enthusiastic countdown to their return flight tomorrow afternoon. They were on their way to the kitchen when Tony made an abrupt stop and rushed out to the front door.
“You can’t have heroes without freedom, Tony,” Steve told him quietly. “This world Pierce has created could not exist with freedom. Individuality, diversity, a desire to do better. Everything that makes America the country I love. The country I will fight for. You’ve chased those people away and forced them to live like animals in the sewers.”
Steve blinked up at him in shock. “You finished it already?”
Tony choked on his scotch - the alcohol wasn’t nearly as smooth coming back up, and Jane pounded Tony on his back to help him clear his throat enough to breathe.
“This is what the plan would have been if everything went wrong,” Steve drawled, trying to play the part of a cool, suave guy who was not at all nervous about the gorgeous playboy sauntering toward him and eyeing him like the best bite on offer.
“Tell it to your pants, man,” Clint snickered, then with another obvious once-over of his brother, turned back to Steve and said, “you should’ve seen him in his prime. He—”
, that’s opening next weekend,” Jimmy Kimmel said as the audience’s enthusiastic applause and cheers slowly quieted down. “I mean, you worked with Gal Gadot, who is, is—”
“She listed her education in an early version of her modeling biography - it didn’t mention her interest in graduate school, but it says she finished a double major in plant botany and biochemistry at Princeton.”
“You’re—where are you going?” he whispered anxiously, wringing the quilt in a white-knuckle grip. “Tony, don’t leave me here.”
“Sir, whatever opinion you have of me,” he told Howard in the brief silence, “I don’t need fame to know my contribution to society and to our future.”
Tony leaned forward and pressed his smiling lips against Steve’s. It wasn’t a passionate kiss, or even a desperate expression of relief to be reunited. It was a connection, a small moment of affection and gratitude. “I love you,” Tony whispered, as if even now, alone in the military chopper, he wanted to be sure only Steve heard his words. “I cannot believe you are here. I cannot believe I could grow to love you more. And tomorrow morning, we retire at your discretion.”
But when he glanced over at the Captain, Steve was doubled over in his seat with his head in his hands, silent as the grave.
Tony strode in with the confidence of a man who knew exactly where he was going. Not that it was difficult to locate his target: he only needed to follow the shouting everyone else was ignoring. By some unspoken yet unanimous agreement, the whole precinct decided to turn a deaf ear to the four detectives shouting themselves hoarse in the conference room and leave them to their own devices.
“I’m not funny, Tony,” Steve admitted in a whisper. “Doing comedy and being funny are two different things, and I am not funny.”
It wasn’t long before Stephanie was brought before Chief Talia. She explained again how her curse would be lifted when a Chief of her kin was honor-bound to her, and how, once the curse was lifted, she would be able to bear a child for the Chief. A daughter. She explained that in return for helping her find a Chief to wed, Stephanie had promised to have Clint’s curse lifted, and grant both men protection.
Steve washed his hands at normal speed and squeezed out a generous amount of ointment over his cut before trying to single-handedly wrap the band-aid around his finger.
The time difference from Korea was not as great as when Steve had been in San Francisco, but still Steve felt caught off guard when his phone peeped with an incoming message in the middle of a meeting. Nobody else had noticed, but it was through sheer force of will that Steve continued the meeting with a fairly level head. Throughout the day he was helplessly aware of his phone weighing in his pocket, until finally he could slip away at the end of the day and indulge in these newly (and fiercely) coveted messages from his husband.
“I have seen you on the television, I believe; your face is quite familiar, though I’m not sure why,” she admitted, to which Brydon, a trained comedian, could only agree.
They were over.
“It’s eight o’clock,” Rhodes said with a bored drawl. “Do you know where our monarchs are?”
Friends call me Tony
There was a pause on the other end of the line. Steve’s heartbeat sounded like war drums in his ears. Why was he so invested in hearing Tony deny it? The guy sounded nice, and genuinely fun—he
Tony took pictures of his legs in different positions, until one with his thighs slightly splayed and bent stood out as a winner. He sent it to Steve with the caption,
For a long, quiet moment, Steve couldn’t bring himself to look away from the ring in its new place of honor. He bowed his head over Tony’s hand and pressed a kiss over the back of his hand.
“Beautiful,” Steve murmured, and with a flick of his thumb, he turned on the vibrations and the knobs and ridges. He fucked the canister into Tony with slow, full-length strokes, twisting it on every thrust until the muscles of Tony’s thighs trembled with Steve’s touch.
They had told him that sex was illegal, and there was no doubt in Steve’s mind that Tony would never stray from this Governor-for-life’s outlined way of life. But maybe ‘sex’ only extended to reproductive sex, and same-sex couples were not denied the natural pleasures consenting adults could enjoy together.
“Tony? Sweetheart?”
“Tony, come on. Mom’s right,” Clint said quietly, trying to coax his brother into being reasonable. “They’re mean and fast.”
Can’t see them anymore, they’ve been seated
“His parents made him do it, he said,” Steve eventually muttered under his breath, a quiet hiccup catching in his voice. “He said he still, that he still loves me. But what’s… what’s wrong with me? Is it a gay thing? They knew about me the whole summer. I met his mom.”
“Who are you and what’ve you done with Steve?”
Steve hadn’t been turned down in years, in decades. More specifically, he hadn’t been turned down since he was a skinny little runt who felt too faint to speak around attractive people. Back then, he had only had enough circulation for one function at a time.
“If you weren’t so wrapped up in what you think is a deficit, maybe you would see all the ways you leave everyone else wanting - man or woman. Nobody has gone out of their way to satisfy me like you,” Tony confided in him, “and if you think about it from my perspective, that is the sexiest, most exciting experience I’ve ever had.”
Instead, Tony pushed himself up and out of bed. It was the crack of dawn, and he had work to do before he risked Steve waking up.
“No! No,” Tony rushed to say, and before Steve had a chance to answer him, he dug out a new toothbrush from the bag of necessities they’d picked up from Walgreens on their way back. “Bathroom?”
“There’s a chance you’re reinforcing the wrong behavior, sweetheart,” Steve observed breathlessly as their lips parted. Tony couldn’t take his eyes off of him.
“Tony, don’t even think about it.”
“And what happens to you when you’re in the sun too long?”
“They have twice as many people in New York City than we have in our entire country,” Steve pointed out. “Of course it’s dirty. I don’t know how they drink that water.”
“Are we going to a funeral?” Tony eventually asked, willing the anger out of his tone.
“You’re not wrong, you know,” Steve murmured after a long silence. “I’ve wanted you in my bed since you spent five minutes solving a problem that would have stumped my IT department for days. I’ve wanted to devote hours to kissing you since you chose a farmer’s market over designer pastries. But… since you took me in, I don’t know what I want anymore.”
when there was perfectly good Hitchcock movies to savor the spooky mood.
Bucky and Tony shared a look as the judge addressed the court, and Tony nodded in understanding. Once the judge finished, he was the first one on his feet to address the judge.
Tony laughed, a gentle, joyous sound that only ever left Steve feeling gleefully possessive of bringing Tony such happiness. Without waiting for Steve to move, Tony closed the distance between them. As always, he was careful not to physically jolt Steve or hurt him, but still Tony pressed in close and let Steve feel his body against his own. Tony cradled Steve’s face with tender hands, and for all the kisses in his life, Steve could feel himself lost in the intoxicating smell of Tony’s cologne, the loving care in his touch.
The words caught Tony by surprise, and it was finally enough that he pulled a chair out to sit down next to Steve, signalling that he was ready to talk.
Steve didn’t have the heart to give him that chance again.
Their return to the car was more of a march than a stroll, and Tony gave Steve a few minutes of silence to recover before offering his hand to him across the console. It took Steve a moment to notice his hand, but when he did, he smiled, and he took Tony’s hand in his own and brought it to his lips. He pressed a soft, lingering kiss to the back of Tony’s hand. He didn’t seem ready to speak yet, but Tony felt the tension fading rapidly around them. In the end, that was all that mattered. They sat in companionable silence for the forty minutes it took to get back to Steve’s place.
One word left Steve softly groaning. “Burgers?”
Tony glanced from Bruce to Fury, and when neither of them seemed willing to answer the Captain’s question, Tony tried. “We are what is left of the New York, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey after the earthquake of 2021.”
“What’s toilet paper?” Jane wondered, and Tony quickly gave her a quelling look.
Ahead, long planks were laid across the tunnel floor to allow large numbers of people move through the tunnels with ease. A dozen figures dressed in dark colors armed with blunt clubs and long knives descended on them. Steve met them head on, intentionally positioning himself between Tony and the mob when Tony slipped around him and under Steve’s arm. Wedged in like a shield for his ward, he kicked the first Scrap coming at Steve in the gut, elbowed another’s club away before kneeing that Scrap in the crotch.
After weeks of diligent harvesting and fucking, Tony’s body knew what Steve wanted from him. Shameless and eager for his first orgasm in hours, Tony responded to Steve’s touch like a flame exposed to oxygen. Passion burned through his body, and once Steve wrapped his hand around Tony’s cock to stroke him off while fucking him with the canister, he came hard on the fourth stroke, filling nearly the whole canister with his first orgasm of the morning and coating his chest with long ropes of come.
Tony huffed and tried to roll his eyes, but none of that mattered. He glanced at Steve one last time, reached for his hand, and connected the call.
“Captain Steven G. Rogers, you could not possibly be suggesting that we voluntarily wade through the unrecyclable garbage and unholy excrement of an entire city.”
Clark quieted him with a knowing look. “What your partner does is your business, too.”
“Tony,” Steve hissed urgently, “wake up
“Mom!” Tony cried in excitement and surprise, not believing what she’d prepared for them even as he stared down at the breakfast feast. “This—this is
“But didn’t Sharon say he’d be able to hide the paper trail if he wanted to?” Steve recalled, frowning down at the file that Maria handed him. “She made it sound like it was easy.”
Tony contained his sigh, restricting himself to giving her a tired look. He took the keys from her and threw them into the trash. “Fine. Come with me,” he said with a rueful tone, leading her around to the block in his part of the lab. Each part of the lab had their own block, where the final set of prepared assets for each operative would be laid out before the mission. They took turns equipping the operatives, double-oh’s only the most irritating and destructive among them.
“H-Hey Clint. Wanna join the pity party?”
Clint and Tony were sat at the kitchen table watching the news from D.C.
“Your weird roommate opened the door. He didn’t even ask who I was, he just said not to steal anything.”
“Hey Buck,” was murmured back in response.
She offered him a ride, to which he blushed while declining. She shrugged, but pulled him into a kiss, all dirty and nothing simple. He was about to take up her previous suggestion when someone cleared their throat.
Steve watched the two bicker back and forth, not knowing who the lady was. Freckles rained on her nose and cheekbones, contrasting to her emerald green eyes. She was abnormally tall, even in black flats. Her smile had dimples and her eyes creased in the corners when she grinned, which she was doing a lot of in spite of her antagonizing words. Tony was also beaming. His teeth sat in a straight line and were pristinely clean, even though the man drank coffee like water. His chin rested in his right hand that was propped up on the table as he looked to his companion.
They each smiled before Tony leaned in and took what he wanted.
“Tony… do you love me?”
“Are you here to kill me?”
“It was.”)
“Bathroom and other rooms are over there,” she pointed to the right, “any questions or concerns?”
“Tony...” “Not now, Steve. N-not ever...”
Now that Clint was somewhat more convinced that Bucky wouldn’t kill him, he could take in more details.
“So, I’m super sorry if I hit on you or like, somehow your grandmother-”
“You have a very basic bitch aesthetic,” Steve commented. Her eyes narrowed, and he briefly thought of an angry, murderous cat. A row of white teeth beamed out of cherry red lips and dimples carved her face. She lightly tapped his nose with her index finger.
“You love me, Pep.”
Bucky pat the leg he was sitting on in a sign of comfort.
“Not here,” Tones answered.
“They definitely work for the government here,” Thor declared.
“Natty and Pepper are friends. They like to team up and make sure my friends are okay.”
“It was a bad night, and I’m sorry you were scared. I just… I just heard that…” he was crying too, “they had a wreck.”
trust anyone ever, not like that. Steve could, could
“Is this a joke to you?”
Maybe Tony wasn’t so bad.
“Now, Mr Coon, you scared my friend. That wasn’t very nice,” he paused as the animal squeaked, “yes, I understand that he’s a quivering pussy, but that doesn’t excuse your bad manners.”
Tony smiled softly, watching Steve lean against the vehicle with his head pointed at the sky. His neck curved a lovely arc and he chin jutted out perfectly. His eyes reflected the stars and it was easily the most beautiful thing Tony had ever seen.
Steve bent at the waist to pick up a box of spaghetti noodles and silently asked if it was okay.
The girl - Sunset, she’d said - smoothed her hands over his chest and his brain came to a stop. She continued her petting, and Steve was too busy to notice Tony grinning devilishly.
“Don’t compare your friends to Hitler!”
“You guys know each other?”
The engineer’s brows furrowed and his eyelashes stuttered.
“Pep! You didn’t take my order!”
“M-my room,” he answered quietly.
They bounced down four flights of stairs and bound out the building to cross a street. Cars beeped impatiently at them, as per usual in New York.
“Everything? What-what does that mean? Tony?”
“You could join us,” Clint winked and she thumped his forehead.
Tony threw his hands up in the air, “what can ya do?”
“Fuck off Thor. You too, Nat. And Bruce and Clint. Fuck Steve and fuck Barnes and fuck everyone. Fuck this.”
A black and brown clothed man was slumped on the ground with a vodka bottle shoved in his right hand. His dirty hair was matted to his head and when he turned his head, his face was sullen and dark. However, he was indeed Tony Stark.
“Today at school, we got teached the vowel song, it went ba ba duhh doo bop bee,” she continued singing a song that vaguely sounded like the Batman theme song as Steve smiled to himself. She roughly settled each tiny apron on every desk, skipping between tables.
“And if that fails, you can always just live on the streets like every other artist.”
Tony blinked and smacked his tongue.
Steve’s eyes snapped to his, shockingly blue, like electricity. Like blue fire. Like ice. Like home.
“Tony!” But he was too late.
“That’s your argument? God?”
Tony had these ridiculous goggles on, like the ones from The Collector in Toy Story 2 when Woody was getting repaired. He was wielding a… something in his right hand and a piece of bent metal in his left. His legs were crossed, dwarfed by flannel cotton pants that must’ve been his pajamas. His grey hoodie had black streaks on it and was also too big for his size. Tony dropped the Something Tool and took off his goggles then glared at his intruder.
“Get the fuck out of my room.”
They didn’t talk after that, they ignored each other if they were ever in the same communal room together, and Steve was incredibly lonely. But he’d die before he surrendered to an elitist asshole like Stark. The other housemate kept odd hours anyway, which was a blessing and a curse. A blessing because they never really bumped into each other, a curse because electric whirring and metallic banging kept Steve from sleeping most nights. Usually, Steve mutinously muttered profanities to himself and put in headphones. But this was the fourth night in a row where he was kept awake, and he had an early morning tomorrow, so he stormed across the flat and knocked aggressively. The loud noises ceased.
“Meeting is uh... it’s adjourned.”
Tony inhaled a sharp breath and his shoulders rose to his ears. Steve cocked his head to one side, and Tony couldn’t take it anymore.
“Not near Stark Tower,” Tony scoffed, “it’s an abomination. The fuck is it- IT CAN STAND?”
Tony peered over Steve to see his phone, then settled back down and shook his head no. He giggled softly, and Steve was only human, then they were laughing together in their own cocoon. Somehow, within that heap of blankets, the world didn’t matter.
“Fuck you, Stark.”
Steve woke up Saturday morning with a person laying next to him. The sun was reaching through the black out curtains desperately, but to no avail. Steve grumbled and tried to take cover under the comforter, but he was pushed away. He opened his eyes to see a cotton ball of brown hair tucked under the blankets. The ball of puff groaned sleepily which was hilarious and kinda adorable at once. Steve made to leave, but big eyes blinked open and froze him in place.
“I can’t believe I’m going to college for a degree in this shit and these assheads have two Emmys,” Steve complained.
“Talk to you later, Buck, miss you,” he muttered through the phone and hung up, “come in!”
“Aww, Tony-“
This would not be fun.
Bucky hacked an ugly noise as Natasha sat in between them.
When James Buchanan Barnes walked into the Avengers living room, Clint was reading the subtitles to Dog Cops. His hearing aids broke in the fight of Avengers versus STRIKE (“
“I’m kidding, damn.”
“It was a nice journey.”
They decided to walk since it was only a mile away from campus.
“Friends? He has those?”
“We could’ve just driven,” Tony complained.
“Why do you have a power Wrench-Saw? Aren’t those two things like, opposites?”
“‘Ma’?”
“Tony!”
“Then let’s travel.”
“This world is so fucking cruel.”
“I find you half dead in God knows where, barely able to speak. Then you sleep it all off in a hospital for a day until they discharge you, and now you’re gonna joke about it?”
Thor smiled again.
“I’m getting that.”
“-you can’t do that-”
“Ladies did not talk that way back in my day.”
“I’m Tony,” he drawled, “and I’m your dorm mate.”
“I can do what I want, I’m rich.”
“So... Steve and Bucky...”
Clint had raised an eyebrow.
Steve, lovely Steve, who spent so many nights worshiping Tony and his body. Steve, who held pinkies with Tony when they were doing separate paperwork. Steve, who was Tony’s other half, responded with the only wrong answer:
“And waste carbon emissions to pollute our already fragile ecosystem when we could easily walk there, which is better for our health, but also our environment?”
“Come in.”
The friends burst into laughter at that, spilling milk on the hard floor. Chuckles that lingered for far too long stopped haltingly when a spectre of fur blankets waddled into the room.
“I don’t think I’ve ever actually gone grocery shopping,” Tony mused. Steve kneaded his eyebrows together in concern.
“Tony?”
Lights on the low ceiling were in neat rows and columns, keeping darkness at bay by the door. A cashier greeted them and they waved back. No one was expecting Captain America or Iron Man here, so any suspicion would be thrown off. It was nice going out without dumb baseball hats. However, Tony always got a kick from Steve going incognito. The pair each pulled a buggy out of line and began the expedition at the farthest right aisle.
“-I’m the captain of this team, and you all look like shit, so we’re going on break and that’s that.”
“I don’t care,” Steve replied easily. Tony’s eyes burned and he turned his face away. Every bit of pain anyone had ever given him gathered into a lump in his throat.
“First of all,” Tony answered, before Steve got a chance to continue. “That’s kind of you to offer, Steve, but you’re a guest. Guests don’t do work.”
“Speak of the Devil, he seems to be calling,” Steve murmured as he turned the final corner that brought him to the driveway of the little shop. A gray van was parked out back while four men worked to load it with stolen Delftware.
It looked like it hurt, but Steve managed to tear his eyes away from Howard to look at Tony.
and reached for his phone. He didn’t have time for this. He needed to finish his homework and go to sleep; tomorrow was their last full battalion practice for the weekend’s Ranger Challenge and he needed to be sharp. The CRB needed him to be sharp.
“And this is fucking delicious,” Clint announced around eager mouthfuls of turnips. “You gotta give me the recipe to this, it’s so much better than anything Tony ever made.”
“Why, I’m sure we don’t know what you’re talking about,” Maria said with a sweet smile. Clint, however, was much more honest.
“We don’t have to hurry home, you know,” he said, doing his best to keep his voice calm and gentle. He reached for Tony’s hand to hold in his own. “You haven’t seen your friends in seven years, Tony. Don’t feel like you need to rush back because of me.”
Quickly, he straightened up on his knees behind Tony. He meant to distract himself by getting up and moving them somewhere more comfortable, when his eyes caught on the undisturbed streaks of Steve’s come now drying up on Tony’s ass and lower back.
His questions were innocent and vague enough, but Tony caught a spark of hopeful curiosity in his expression that made it very clear what (whom) Stephen was thinking about.
After far too long, Steve took a shower at his own place - in his steam shower, with his products, with his glorious water pressure. He put on clothes with firm seams that button. Months of immobility and recovery meant his tailored clothes fit loosely on him, and demoralizing as that was, it happened too frequently for him to worry. It was only a matter of time and determination before he was himself again, and if there is anything Steve Rogers had in abundance, it was determination.
“We’re okay, babe,” Tony promised, absently rubbing Steve’s back in an instinctive effort to comfort him. “But if you want to talk, we’ll talk.”
“First of all, the man’s allergic to liars; remember last week when he wouldn’t believe you knocked his cup off the desk?”
It took him a minute to realize the lines formed a word.
,” Bucky glowered. “36 dollars for fucking nail polish? What the actual fuck?”
The answer was so simple Steve didn’t know how to react.
Tony was so far out of his league.
“Stark, call for backup,” he said to Tony without so much as looking at Pierce. “I’ll be across the street.”
Tony hummed something in reply, and though Steve didn’t distinguish any words, there was a positive lilt to his voice that translated into high praise. Eventually, Tony picked up his head to perch his chin on Steve’s shoulder. “How’s your face, boo?”
“Alright, showtime,” he said, half to himself, half to Steve. “Gotta go. Thanks for the pep talk.”
Steve leaned over Tony and gently brushed his hair out of the way to better see his face. His skin was too warm and unusually sweaty to the touch, and as the realization set in, Steve tried his best not to let his old fears of being left behind take root. This was nothing like what his mother had suffered silently, this was not his father walking away into the night. There was no question that Tony wasn’t suffering anything more severe than the flu. And yet Steve couldn’t help but stare. When he put his mind to it, his husband was larger than life. Tony was vibrant, confident, and as generous as he could be intimidating.
, Tony,” Steve insisted. “Money makes life easier, sure, but it doesn’t make me happy.”
So the week after Tony’s safe return, Steve flew to Eisenturm to take Tony to dinner. It was the most difficult decision he’d ever made outside of the war, but even so, Steve had to do it in person. He loved Tony too much to end their relationship by phone.
“I heard you,” Tony whispered to Steve while his accompanying medic busied herself with his IVs. “A compromise. You are genius, Steve Rogers.”
When Steve finally lifted his gaze and smirked back at Tony’s open admiration, Tony snapped his mouth shut and tried to stand at attention, or mimic the posture of anything but a schoolboy at the feet of his hero. Tony could feel himself growing lightheaded the more he stared at the breadth of the Captain’s shoulders, the strong line of his jaw, and the ferocity in his eyes.
“What the fuck does that mean! ‘Enhance my calm?’ Can’t you hear yourself?” Steve shouted as the morality box in the car buzzed to inform him he had been fined eight credits for violating the verbal morality statute and for excessive aggression in the workplace.
As much as his frustration was warranted, and even appreciated, Steve cleared his throat, pushed the quilt aside, and stood up tall. He offered his hand to Howard first.
“Then you’re clearly not going to the right places,” Tony teased him with a deadpan delivery despite the blush warming his cheeks. “What’s more your speed, anyway? Are you a one-night stand guy or a real dating guy?”
“Not every country has ravioli, my love,” Tony playfully soothed, if only because the familiar argument between them always left Steve smiling again. “Wakanda has many wonderful and diverse cuisines from all over  Africa, I think we can forgive them this one disappointment.”
instead of these people - many of whom are married, by the way, that’s - I don’t know what you were thinking.”
“It’s
“The prenup is iron-clad,” he promised, but he looked at Steve when he said it. He held out the pen to Steve first, as if he needed to see Steve sign and initial the prenup before anything else happened. “You won’t get a penny.”
“Don’t,” he mumbled with a faint grain in his voice and long trails of saliva connecting his lips and chin to Steve’s cock. “Keep your hands above your heart, remember? Keep them relaxed, do that for me?”
From the minute Steve stepped out of his dorm room, he could feel people watching him. Most of the curiosity came from people he vaguely recognized - other first-years who knew about his unusual background and remembered the shock when Hawley picked him for one of the four coveted internship spots.
Jane raced into Bruce and Tony’s office and only just remembered to pull herself together at the threshold to announce herself. “Joyous Monday greetings, Lieutenant Tony Stark,” she said, breathless and beaming in his excitement. “May I enter?”
Steve opened and closed his mouth when he heard the price, but before he could croak out a protest, Tony was speaking again.
“I actually did have some plans in mind,” he told her apologetically. “We haven’t had a chance to talk about it yet, but the Gardner Museum is celebrating 25 years of Artist-in-Residence with music, dance, food, and an art class.”
Miriam finished her story and the conversation naturally moved on, but Steve didn’t need to see more of the video after that. He closed his laptop up and pushed it aside as he rolled onto his back to settle in and give Tony his undivided attention.
“Less complaining, more searching!”
“Good luck,” she said in a more subdued tone than earlier, and if Steve had the time, he’d stop and think over what she said more carefully. But Brock was there, and that took precedence.
Tony smiled at him, shaking his head slowly. “You treat me like a person,” Tony admitted quietly, his voice so low it was a miracle Steve even heard him. “Not some recovering invalid, or, or someone who can’t get on a bull to show off for his boyfriend. I thought, if I told you, you might never look at me the same way.”
“We want to know who he is,” he told her quietly. “Be discrete.”
“—Do not ask me how that makes me feel!” Tony snapped, but Dr. Odinson only closed his mouth, gave Tony a moment of peace, then tried again.
With a renewed boost in confidence, the squad leader took two steps forward. “Brock Rumlow, lie down and put your hands behind your back, or else…”
Tony face-planted into Steve’s pecs, hiding from the world and failing to muffle his baffled, breathless giggling. His infectious laughter delighted Steve and, unable to resist, Steve wrapped his arms around him to close the minimal space between them, squeezing him close as they swayed and Tony slowly melted against him. They had hugged before—relieved or celebratory hugs; quick, manly, platonic hugs—but Steve had never dared he’d have a chance to hold Tony this close or for this long, or to see Tony so unguarded.
The question caught Tony off guard, and for a second his eyelashes fluttered as he tried to process the turn in conversation. His excitement didn’t fade so much as sober, and he nodded to himself and to Steve as he closed up his phone and put it away.
Harvey was the only kid in Tony’s little group who looked skeptical. “They do all that just to be dads?”
“For the third point,” he began slowly, building the anticipation. “Steve, what would Tony most likely be doing if he wasn’t an actor?”
“This is some spooky shit,“ Clint whispered under his breath, but Tony couldn’t stop staring all around him. He had never seen trees like this, and he certainly had never felt this way before. The clouds were not only a blanket on the earth, but it felt safe, protective in a way, a blanket to hide them from the terror and predation of Women.
Tony shut up immediately, but it only made Steve worry more. The only thing worse than a rambling Tony was a silent Tony.
With a gentle touch of his fingers, Steve tipped Tony’s head back to clean up his throat and his jawline. Tony closed his eyes and relaxed into the position Steve wanted of him. The distinct, familiar scent of Steve eased the last, lingering trace of tension in Tony’s shoulders until his entire world narrowed down to savoring the smell of his husband with his every breath and drifting as Steve’s words wash over him. Before long, the tender, repetitive sweeps of the razor over his skin carried him away to a space beyond the burden of his position and his responsibilities, and in these sacred few minutes before the day began, Tony floated in their shared momentary peace, safe, loved, and content in Steve’s arms.
Tony's delighted laugh and natural charm effortlessly drew the attention of all cameras in their section. The press rarely witnessed his giddy happiness so openly shared in public, and as his joy filled the air it lifted the dignified, business-minded atmosphere like the warmest star in the night sky.
around the world and Steve moved to some nondescript, professionally furnished apartment in the East Village to film
Screw Paris, Rhodey was right, the tree house was perfect. Tony snatched up his phone and navigated to the bookmarked reservations page.
“You… cooked?” Tony guessed, partly curious and partly in awe of how comfortably Steve was measuring out the flour and the sugar. He perched on a high stool at the workstation Steve had picked to work at, and watched Steve with rapt attention.
“You think this is their connection?” Steve asked dubiously. Online dating was fast becoming the norm, as were the countless social fail-safes friends used to keep each other safe. “You think they were all looking for sugar daddies?”
“What makes you think I could?” he asked, quietly.
Thanks. But i still blame you.
“It’s romantic,” Carol disagreed, and Rhodey jumped as if he’d been kicked under the table. “Maybe scale down on the flowers.”
He tried to block out the next few days in his mind while he had the down time. His timed sprints were much better after a full night’s rest, so he stick to light workouts - if any - until Saturday’s meet. He had French in the morning, but that was his last lecture of the week. He’d need a few hours to finish up the conte drawing of a figure in motion, and what better time than when his muse was here in person? Steve had filled a notebook (and journals and free-floating scraps of paper) with sketches of Tony during their weekend getaway in October. He had enough studies of Tony’s expressions, his eyes, his hands, his feet, his posture, and his vivid body language to finish another year’s worth of art assignments.
“I’m here, too, you know,” Steve groused to himself under his breath, making a point to step on a particularly crunch leaf on the pavement. The walk to the subway station wasn’t even that long, but being left out of the conversation sure had a way of making five blocks feel like an eternity.
In the middle of wandering hands and passionate kisses, that broken moan was all it took for Steve to pull back and look at Tony, searching for any sign of discomfort or change of heart. Tony wanted nothing more than to shake all these insecurities out of Steve, to remind him of all the reasons they had to trust each other. But Steve needed to see it for himself, so Tony relaxed under his assessing gaze, busied himself by tracing leisurely patterns over Steve’s lean back until the momentary fear faded from Steve’s expression.
“Aaaand let me stop you right there,” Steve finally said loudly enough to block out the sound of his mother’s voice. It was all fun and games until money came into the picture. “Mom! Mom, can’t you hear yourself? These are not appropriate questions for a new relationship.”
“I think,” Clint finally grunted, breathless and mostly half-alive, “I think I’d preferred the poison.”
“That’s what I’m trying to say,” Rhodey said with a long-suffering expression. “This should be about you and Steve, not what other people like. What does
“You’re not going with him?”
Steve had stayed as long as he could, but once Howard was removed and Happy installed himself in the apartment lounge, he had left for work with the promise to return once he wrapped up his regular patients. They would count on him to be there.
“Sugar babies are trophies, Steve: beautiful, enviable accessories to drape on your arm from time to time. You need to show off, flaunt a little, look like you know how to enjoy the finer things in life. You won’t do any of that in clothes you bought at the GAP.”
Heat coiled deep in Steve’s gut when he first heard Tony’s broken, breathless cry. He fell back into bed and stared unblinking at the dark screen. Slowly his eyes adjusted enough to make out the outline of Tony’s body on his knees in bed, his face pressed into the mattress while he rutted into his own fist for release.
“Aw, come on,” Bucky openly complained, “I’m only on my first coffee!”
This is so exciting!!!!
A part of him wanted to hesitate. Soon, an hour would pass, and Steve would wonder how the Mets were doing, or if he’d received an email about a class. One way or another, this was too good to be true.
“That’s what you need, is it?” he rumbled with a smug grin, squeezing and pulsing his muscles around Steve’s throbbing cock without so much as moving his hips.
Sharon spun on her heels to stare at him with wide-eyed excitement. “We did not requisition hoverbikes, Tony,” she whispered urgently.
“Belova confirmed hostile operative,” Tony whispered into the mic, doing his best not to distract Bond from the work at hand. “KGB, Black Widow. No surviving associates. Proceed with caution. And use your mouth, she likes it better. Spare a finger for her ass and finish her off, I have other work to do.”
Despite the noise and the dozens of strangers milling around them, it seemed Tony had fallen asleep for some hours. When he opened his eyes, it was to a darkened room and no strangers in sight.
“By the looks of things, I’d say it’s well deserved. Let’s take a look together, shall we?” Graham said with a mischievous smile as he turned to the desktop behind him. “Here you are, in something we quite easily recognize. Is that the suit from film?”
Inside the small, round box he found a classic gold wedding band. He glanced back at Steve again and saw that he, too, was a little surprised by its simplicity. In the second box, Tony found the ornate ring he had expected from the kind of shopper who had also bought Steve’s boots. It was a gold band, again, but its raised prong design boasted five neat rows of six diamonds—except in the top row, where the first gem was a vibrant ruby.
“No,” Bruce disagreed, shaking his head, but only once, because then the world started to spin a little too fast. “Listen, cause this is important, Tony:
“We’re going to New York this summer,” Steve reiterated in that calm, steady voice of his that seemed to know exactly what was important in life and what wasn’t. “Once you settle in to your new job and all your anxiety about graduation and this whole transition are in the past, we’re going to talk about next year. And like I said, if we can’t think of anything, my classes for the fall are all on Wednesday-Thursday, it wouldn’t be impossible to take the train every week. Hell, I’d probably even finish most of my assignments on the train down to New York, and we’d have the rest of the week together. And in August we’ll celebrate our one year,” he added with a strange note of happiness Tony hadn’t heard before, like Steve was excited about a surprise. “And maybe… sometime between there, we’ll go to Brooklyn and I’ll introduce you to someone special.”
“Captain?” one of the medics said, impatient and stern. “We must move the Lieutenant to the hospital, we have no tick tocks to waste. Either release his gurney, or come with us.”
“I got Peter, Peter Parker, who plays Spider-Man in the film. I got him hooked on Hannibal,” Tony said, and immediately Steve doubled over and hid his face in his hands to muffle his whimpering laughter. Tony snickered to himself and rubbed soothing circles over Steve’s shoulders as he continued his story. “It’s cancelled now, but it’s one of the best shows I’ve ever seen on TV. I gave him my box set and every once in a while I’ll get these random texts from him where he’s clearly in the middle of an episode, like, ‘he’s put a person in that apple hasn’t he?’”
Steve tried not to stare at the knife. How well did he really know Tony? “No, we’re still looking for him,” he said in the tone of voice he’d use to talk down frantic people at an active scene. He slid his hands out of his pockets in case he needed to reach his gun in a hurry. “We need to talk.”
For a second, Steve watched with morbid satisfaction as Tony blinked up at Natasha before finally acknowledging him again. Steve’s vindictive streak had no chance against those big brown eyes when they cried ‘put me out of my misery’ as easily as ‘please choose me.’ Even before they were dating, that look would’ve had Steve clapping him on the shoulder or pulling his friend in for a firm hug. He’d have done anything to smother Tony’s inexplicable fear that his friends don’t actually enjoy his company or his exceptional mind.
“Sure,” Steve said while casually smothering his least favorite friend. It took him a minute to realize he was still wearing his sweats from their sparring an hour ago. “Or, or how about ten minutes?”
“For our safety,” Tony started to say, but Steve clammed up before he could finish his sentence.
The audience laughed easily, but Stephen’s curiosity only grew. “What’s that like, having a fight with Captain America? Cause he has that voice - the, you know the one I’m talking about?”
“What do you—what’s James saying? Buck!” Steve was on his feet and grabbing for Bucky’s phone faster than Bucky had expected, but when he shouted into the phone to get answers out of Rhodey, he’d already hung up.
“Venice,” Bucky replied without having to look it up. “We can be here in 63 minutes.”
Tony nearly dropped the basket of eggs, and Steve grabbed it out of his hands on instinct when Tony turned to stare at his brother in complete disbelief. “Laura?
“Oh hey, thanks!” Tony smiled back easily, as if it was normal for strangers to eavesdrop or tell people what to do. “You a regular here?”
With a loose grip of Tony’s cock, Steve rolled his hips against Tony’s ass again ever so slowly, letting him feel every inch of his hard cock through their layers of clothing. Tony’s breath escaped him in a stuttering moan, and with barely enough blood left for coordination, he clumsily shuffled his knees closer to the ledge so he could push his ass up for Steve in shameless offering.
The first week had been fine. Steve enjoyed the lingering freedom in the happy haze following their honeymoon. It was easy then to pretend they were still unburdened by responsibilities. But as Steve slowly faced all the ways his normalcy was taken from him, he grew more silent and withdrawn. He threw himself into his language studies, reading endlessly and working with tutors, all the while Tony watched from a distance as the smallest details ate away at his husband’s happiness. None of the things that irritated Steve were out of the ordinary for Tony, and that frustrated any attempt he made to predict and mitigate issues before Steve set his jaw and fell silent in his anger. One morning Tony learned that their laundry service folded Steve’s underwear into triangles, and another afternoon, he caught Steve going through both their desks to recover his art pens and pencils where the staff had mixed them in with everything else. The worst problem was the requirement to announce their intention to leave the palace grounds, then await an escort. The rule chafed at Tony, but it was all he had ever known. To Steve, it was downright insulting.
“Hey Stevie- woah.” Bucky was stopped in the open door frame with his phone held loosely in his hand.
“You two wouldn’t even last five minutes.”
“-we have responsibilities, and we can’t simply run away from them, that’s what kids do-”
They each sat down in silence, and Freddy Mercury sang in his ears
With that, Tony withdrew to his own hurricane with a door slam that made Clint flinch. The absolute anguish that waded in Tony’s voice was tearing at Clint’s physique, and based on everyone’s expressions, he wasn’t alone.
“Get out,” and pushed the smaller man out.
“What? I’m right.”
“Seriously, Stark, I’ve got the first test of the year at nine-thirty. Please keep it down,” he murmured from the door. Tony glared in response, but Steve slept like a rock for the rest of the night.
“Uh, heat doesn’t move,” Tony retorted.
“No, we’re going to Winn Dixie like normal civilians,” Rogers corrected.
“Bucky? I need you here, like, yesterday, okay?”
“The Bible isn’t factual evidence.”
“Sadly, yeah. She’s amazing though. She graduated four months ago with a master’s in entrepreneuring. She wants ta’ move out to Cali and start her own company, but for now she’s part time iHop server and full time MeSitter.”
It was one of those days.
“I don’t care. My name is Steve and you’re gonna call me Steve.”
The two stopped their muttering to look at the other pair. Steve had his head on Bucky’s shoulder, and Buck was looking down shyly. No one even noticed the shuffling noises of someone leaving the room.
Steve obeyed, and Tony slammed back down onto his bed with a put out grumble. He gently closed the door and pulled his phone out.
“Bucky, this is Natasha; you already know her, that’s Clint, and he’s Tony,” Steve pointed to everyone respectively while Bucky’s gaze followed. Stark’s eyes widened and he stumbled toward the two bigger men, gaping.
Bucky smacked Steve’s leg, and he yelped in pain.
“Winner gets a kiss,” Tony suggested and Steve mirrored his smile.
Steve barked a laugh.
“WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT,” Tony screeched.
“So you came into my room?”
“Okay, Tony, I’m sorry I made fun of y-”
“For sure?”
“Yes, I understand that you’re a li’l bitch boy, but that doesn’t excuse your bad behavior.”
“One rule, Eagle Scout Troop Leader,” he began.
Bucky’s eyes sparkled and his pearly whites flashed in a smile for a moment.
“For...?”
“Neither is your science theory.”
Tony was a year and a half sober. Clint couldn’t imagine what could be so bad for him to get that close to ruining his streak, so he asked.
“It’s such a comforting sound,” Steve commented and Thor snorted.
“Fuck off, Steve.”
“Tony, you know that the comics always exaggerated everything. I mean, one version said I stood nine feet tall.”
“I don’t fucking know!”
“You drive a hard bargain.”
“Tony?”
“Incorrect,” Tony grumbled. Rhodey hit the back of his friend’s head and Tony stuck his arm out stiffly.
“Gross,” Bruce muttered from the living room. Steve rolled his eyes and held out his hand for Tony to take. When they both stood, Tony chewed on his bottom lip awkwardly.
“I’ll catch up with you later, Buck. Thanks for stopping by.”
“Clint, you know it was-“
Tony grumbled and Steve snuck a glance; this wouldn’t end well.
“Not really.”
“It’s too early, St’ve,” he mumbled.
“Because there were people fucking on my bed.”
“I love you too, Steve.”
“Where is he?”
Tony grinned to himself. Steve saw that the smile was actually kind of sad, and he wondered why that was.
“Clintward, I’ve done it again. I’ve made bullet proof hearing aids, even though no one else but you will ever need them!”
“Have fun with it.”
“Did he pass,” Tony asked from his position hovering over the bookcase. Natasha’s smirk became more of a grin. She held out her fist in the air, and Tony came over to bump it.
“I know.”
Clint and Tony stood in stunned silence. But... Steve had eyes for Stark? What happened to that?
The walls were blank, save for a few crayon drawings presumably given to her by fans. Her comforter was light and had a world map on it with famous cities labeled, matching with white pillows neatly stacked. Clint was reminded of the moment a few months after they met and Nat had opened up for the first time.
that everyone else despised. The two blondes inhaled that shit like chloroform.
“I’m thankful for how supportive you are of my dream.”
Steven!”) radiating warmth through the several blankets. New York usually didn’t get cold until December, but Tony had insisted they bring every cover and sheet and rag from the dorm to the couch. They’d have to clean it all up, which would be a pain, but Steve didn’t seem to care. His chin rested on the brunette’s shoulder and his arms wrapped around himself, all propped up by a pillow by the arm of the couch.
Inside the Damn Van, he shut his eyes and counted his breaths and waited for them to even out. When they did, he brought his knees to his chest and rested his head on them. The darkness he formed with his body allowed him to wash away the rest of the anxiety promising to tear him apart.
The entire team was unloading the SHIELD van they rented into a cabin fortress. Clint was carrying hot dogs, Bruce was walking next to Thor, who was grinning and balancing three suitcases in one hand. Nat had a sixth of her weaponry from home in her hands as she calmly walked inside. Steve had his own suitcase on the ground while he was cackling and Tony was holding his laptop up and away from the animal.
“Save the door, Tones.”
Stark was back asleep once more, and Steve shrugged before following suit and joining him.
Bucky squinted at the blonde and hit him again. Who yelled again.
“Isn’t that a book?”
The bolt was projected at the smaller man from the mattress with a “be nice”.
Tony drifted for a while, before a gentle knock came from his door.
So Clint, the fuckwad who was used to being an outlier from the beginning, was then surrounded by four other fuckwads and a brilliantly beautiful god of thunder.
“God forbid we ever piss them off,” Clint muttered.
Steve pet his friend’s side comfortingly, despite him having no idea what was happening. They’d been watching the show for five hours at this point, and Steve had fallen asleep more than once. Tony paused the show and chucked his phone at the wall, shooting off the furniture into the hallway.
“The Test.”
“No it didn’t.”
Tony patted his thigh amicably.
.”) and Stark was still fixing them.
“Yes, Tony. We walked here, and now we walk back.”
“Hiding like a li’l bitch,” Clint answered from his new position in front of the TV. That was the moment Steve saw Tony with his torso hanging out of a floor cabinet. Tony beamed in an effort to not be mercilessly killed, causing the blonde’s lips to quirk up.
“Literally how.”
The blonde exhaled lightly, kicked off the van, and tread to his side. Tony swallowed and curled into the vacant seat. Steve started the ignition and they were off. Tony watched white fence zoom up and down with the hills as they sat in quiet. Against the door, air conditioning faced him and froze him to the bone. It was refreshing and Tony could think straight again.
It only lasted that long though.
They walked side by side the entire trip, even though Tony tended to slow down as he got into a topic. They were talking about how the world was going to end when he first noted it happening.
Natasha rolled her eyes and passed Edward over to his owner. They each sat in tranquility with keyboard sounds before she cleared her throat.
Steve hung his head to the side as he looked at Tony through his eyelashes. His face had neutralized, but his mouth still threatened to grin.
“Who names their kid Adolf? I don’t fucking know!”
“I’m a little busy transforming the tech industry, okay? The only reason I’m here is because Rhodey forced me to. Don’t come to my room unless like, Yellowstone erupts, ‘k?”
“You understood that?”
She turned the corner, ignoring Tony’s concern. He stuck his tongue out and drew his brows together angrily.
He walked in through the unlocked door and abruptly regretted ever being born. People were shouting, most were half naked, and
“You do, don’t you? Oh my God,” Stark mused.
“That’s the most important thing to be vocal about,” Steve announced, “it’s the one thing that can change the world.”
“That’s not very sanitary.”
“and we’ll keep Steve at bay, because he’ll obviously want to see him... uh, are we all good?”
The soft words hung heavy between them. Tony looked up to see all seven oceans staring back at him. Light brown brows furrowed together in concern as Steve tilted his head to the right.
“Stevie? Is that you? I thought I’d been forgotten by now,” Bucky Barnes shrieked dramatically over the line. Steve chuckled.
“One,”
“Can I see that?”
Clint Barton was a piping hot mess of a person. Nine out of ten fights his hearing aids broke; they snapped, crackled, and popped. Tony has given Clint every 584 pairs very begrudgingly with a “Motherfuck you, fuckin’ Dumb and Dumber. Good God.”
“Hey Nat,” Clint replied.
With Steve taken care of, Tony dusted his hands off on one another and strut down the hall into a gorgeous kitchen. Every flat service was marble and everything had black legs with them. The chairs had white pillows stitched on, and bananas were hung on a metal contraption in the center of the island counter. The ceiling was lower than the foyer to where if Tony jumped, he could touch it. The kitchen was connected to a carpeted room that had blackout curtains and a grey throw blanket on the L-couch. A black smooth recliner was in the corner facing the flatscreen on the wall. In the middle of it all was a low coffee table that had coasters with small farm animals on them.
Thor beamed.
“He’s not in his shop?”
“I did. You just didn’t hear me.”
Bruce finished and Thor helped him up off the floor. After hugging for a moment, the two shuffled out, leaving Clint in their wake.
Steve stared blankly at the pair before huffing in frustration and wandering around. He eventually found an empty room, smaller than the other one that was inhabited, and he set his boxes down. Not wanting to interact with his douchey roommate, he began unpacking his boxes. Polos, tank tops, and short sleeve shirts were hung in his (moderately tiny) closet. Jeans, cargo shorts, sweats, and pajamas were folded and neat onto the floor next to his king mattress on the floor as well. He’d need to buy a drawer soon, but he figured he’d be okay for the weekend. He settled his sketchbook, charcoal pencils, acrylics, watercolors, brushes, and board canvases on his bed. Next was his Harry Potter collection, all newest edition with the completed scene on the covers, which were neatly ordered by number of sequence on top of each other in the now empty box. With nothing left to unpack, he sat down on his floor and checked out his room for the first time. He had a circular ceiling light that was turned off since he didn’t have curtains and the day was bright. White walls and ceiling created a nice minimalist aesthetic he knew he’d destroy as soon as he got comfortable here. Bored with his plain room, he pulled his phone and dialed his best friend.
“St… St…”
“Once you graduate Stevie, you can draw a horrifically offensive show that has twenty-two too many seasons.”
“Because that would su-“
Steve rolled his eyes into the back of his head at that and started speaking to Bucky. (Probably explaining Clint being deaf.)
Steve smacked his tongue and sighed.
Steve sat up and his body rippled. Bucky groaned at Steve putting his shirt back on and pawed at the blonde.
I feel like I would’ve noticed you in there.
She nodded and strutted away.
Steve glared and stood to look at the opposing two.
“Neither do I, Mr Rogers.”
“In that case… twenty-five it is.”
“I actually really appreciate you asking all those things. I’m too shy to do it, but you’ve actually kept my head afloat these past few days.”
“Hey!”
“Ow! What? You said you were gonna dig up fuckin’ Grandma so Bucky could fuck her! That’s fuckin’ hilarious.”
Tony’s eyes widened. He kind of forgot about that. Loving Steve had just become such an innate part of him, he didn’t even think about it anymore. Having him is his room, flushed from tickling Tony, though?
“It’s… it’s okay, we all… we all make mistakes I guess.”
He plopped on top of Steve, who grunted in acknowledgment. They sat watching the shittily animated show quietly while he munched on his breakfast.
“Two?”
“...do they have names?”
“Mamma Sarah Rogers: OG badass.”
“NORWAY, OKAY?”
Steve sighed from the long wooden table. His hands folded over each other and his shoulders were a straight, tense line. His jaw ticked once before he fluttered his eyes to Tony. Steve raised his brows in expectation.
“I’m keeping the picture.”
———————
That was it. That was what it was like to hold a universe in his hands.
Nothing happened.
“If I did, it would be very useful to use as evidence against idiots.”
“So what’re we supposed to do,” Clint pondered.
They went to the donut shop on Fifth Avenue, playing footsie under the table. Tony giggled when Steve bit his lip to stop from yelping when Tony nicked his crotch. Steve scrunched his nose with his lip between his teeth, and Tony wanted to take a picture and keep it forever. He wanted to keep Steve forever.
“I’ll take first shift. We’ll go alphabetically, so Clint, you’re next.”
“Your power what?”
Except for when someone knocks on the door.
Steve and Tony were in his workshop playfully arguing over Cola or Pepsi. It was normal. They’d had the fight hundreds of times before. One second Tony was telling Steve to shove his shield up his ass and the next Steve was hovering over and asking him if he could kiss him.
He continued pacing forward with Steve in tow.
“If he is, then he’s invented an invisible potion or something.”
“See you around, Steve.”
that Steve couldn’t bear to move. The screen reflected in his deep brown eyes that flickered whenever a frame changed. An endless supply of long eyelashes blinked up and down occasionally, completely mesmerizing Steve Rogers. Tony was tucked between his legs (“I’m
“Ah, a fellow art geek.”
“Steve-”
“You got me there.”
And Clint followed Tony out the room.
“What would you like to drink,” she suddenly asked Steve. He belatedly saw Tony sputtering behind her and he blinked back up to her.
“Quit shitting me, Rogers,” he spit out, “did you know?”
“Where’s coffee?”
“I dunno,” Steve answered, “it sounded cool and smart.”
“Want a friend to walk with? I’m kinda new here and hella nerdy, as you’ve probably guessed.”
They were closer than they’d ever been before, with Steve’s head bowed to look at Tony’s eyes. The brunette’s head was angled to look up at him, which was weird to think about. Stark’s personality usually took up a whole room, but he himself is a very small person. Steve held his stained shirt in his hands in between their two bodies. The only sound was them exchanging breaths. Tony’s mug was empty and forgotten as the pair remained rooted to the floor in front of one another.
Tony hummed noncommittally, and nothing but little sniffles filled the room for a long while after that.
Stark failed to bite back his shit eating smirk.
“Wishes come from genies, not me.”
Bucky and Steve had gotten close all right, but as far as Clint knew... Tony laid his head on Clint’s shoulder and sniffled.
“Oh, but Mr Rogers,” Tony said in a faux voice with a finger to his chin, “you made fun of me. That wasn’t very nice.”
Thor was physically incapable of being a mistake. He’s perfect.
Bucky turned his head from Natasha back to Clint and squinted, causing Clint to giggle.
“But why?”
“Hi, Mr Steve,” she accosted, sidling up next to him. He silently passed her an apron and fourteen others to pass out.
“What the fuck?”
Steve mimicked in a nasally voice. Bucky shrieked, slapping the couch and propelling him off and on the furniture.
“Yes,” he responded immediately.
“Hey, hey, uh… you recognize me? You know my name?”
“Where’s my room?”
“Yeah, it was before the Red Room ruined me. I dreamt of Bohemian oceans and Mayan pyramids every night.”
On instinct he tried to follow her, but she had already disappeared into the crowds. He then eyed Tony, menacingly.
The desire of gouging his lungs out was exceedingly appealing the entire trip home. When Tony meekly reached out to turn on the radio, Steve glared daggers at him, so he decided against it. Drake wasn’t worth losing a limb over.
“-we haven’t had a break ever-”
“Everythin’...” he murmured in Steve’s ear. He paled.
Steve huffed a laugh.
“Yeah, it’s unusual, but true nonetheless.”
“At least take me on a date,” he quipped.
Steve shot up like a bullet from the floor and dazedly took his surroundings in. When he landed on Tony, however, a myriad of emotions battered his face. He ended on anger.
“Was it that good?”
Tony was now jumping on his feet in an attempt to reach the newly deemed Wraw. This was too good to pass up.
“Me. Pep wasn’t lying when she said I keep weird company. She watches from a distance, and when I’m lucky, she’ll stop by and chill out.”
“Yeah, you cockblocked me so I cockblocked you.”
Tony smiled sadly as he saw his mother leave his childhood home without as much as a goodbye. She didn’t even bother to take him with her.
“Who?” Bucky questioned to which Tony sighed. Steve giggled at Stark swaddled in covers, soon joined by his best friend.
At the sound of his name, the man looked up and sniffed. He smiled weakly and gave a little wave.
“Okay Grandpa. Let me know when your refractory period is done so I can go dig up Grandma,” Romanoff deadpanned.
When they all finally moved in, the two caught on like a house on fire after apologizing. Tony would sit on top of Steve during movie nights while Steve would rake his hand through Tony’s hair. But the months passed and the two became more domestic in their pining, with Steve always making double of everything he cooked so Tony could have some and Tony moving a humongous couch into his lab to fit Steve. It was frustratingly adorable.
“You can’t make that promise.”
Steve knocked their shoulders together.
“Can we go to iHop or something,” Stark eventually whispered, “I need coffee and food.”
“Yep.”
“But where’re you from,” Steve insisted.
“What’s your next class,” he quizzed.
They trekked through a dog park, where they got harassed by local puppies. There were worse ways to get distracted, Steve supposed. After petting three dogs each, they continued forth.
Clint looked down to Stark and smiled. He always wondered who made Tony think the way he did. Who made him think he had to thank his friends for being nice? Clint thought of the millions of ways he’d been ruined in the circus. Suddenly, the idea of thanking friends didn’t seem so unnatural. Clint pat Tony’s shoulder and the two continued their journey to the tower’s shared space.
“He does seem like he’s making bank.”
“New York is so loud,” Thor contemplated.
They’d been friends for six weeks at that point, and to everyone’s surprise, they’ve been inseparable. The two walked to their classes together, met up for lunch, and now they watch TV together, too. Tony had jumped on top of Steve at seven in the morning that weekend with “super urgent news”.
His phone said it was only ten in the morning, and he was impressed that Bucky was even awake yet. He usually hibernated the entire weekend. Steve high fived himself for having a single friend and poured a bowl of cereal. He settled on the living room couch that Tony had brought with him; it was so soft. It was like sitting on happiness. He flicked through channels before ending up on South Park, which washed over him as he sat contentedly. Time passed like it was supposed to and the doorbell rang.
“But—my friend, do you not ever feel bored codetracing perps who break curfew and tell dirty jokes?” Tony asked fervently, his eager imagination clear in his bright eyes. “Don't you ever want
As their lips touched tentatively, Tony’s walls crumbled gracelessly, causing quakes in his head. Steve would kill him one day, and this was Tony handing him the knife.
“Uh, Ancient Geography.”
Steve smiled weakly.
“Bruh, he’s like fuckin’ Linus from Charlie Brown,” Bucky announced, and Steve cackled like a hyena. The two howled together on the three cushioned Happiness Couch at Tony, who was then rolling his eyes and making his way to the kitchen.
Tony elbowed Steve in between his shoulder blades with his free arm with a “fuck off, Steve” and bounced on his toes to the cabin.
“I would never.”
“Two,”
“Yes, Tony. I do have friends. In fact, meet Buck. Bucky. Buckyballs. Buckyball Billwad. Buck-“
“Repeating the same thing isn’t an explanation!”
“Twenty-five.”
“Buck, Buck, Buck, I’m-I’m gonna pass out!”
Steve jumped up and tackled Tony off the bed, skating his fingers over Tony’s body. Tony howled and laughed and shrieked, begging Steve to stop. He let up, and sat on the bed with a soft smile on his face. Tony stuck his tongue out.
“Stop being so disrespectful to the damn van.”
“Tony? What? Come here!”
Tony raised an eyebrow as Clint worked the buds into more comfortable positions.
“Yeah.”
“‘Fuckin Tony Stark’ you say,” Steve mused.
“Oh, Edward! It’s been so long,” he quipped.
“It’s the middle of the night and I have an Early Morning tomorrow. Cut the loud as shit bull you’re doing in here, or leave,” Steve ordered. Tony smiled mischievously before picking up a different Something Tool that screeched as a wheel spun on its axis. Steve covered his ears and briefly pondered how Tony seemed unbothered by the noise before unplugging the tool.
Bruce cleared his throat and looked to everyone.
They pushed their items aisle after aisle in stiff silence as their piles got taller. Tony wanted to eat his own appendix. He kept breaking Steve’s heart without even trying and he needed it to stop. He couldn’t do a relationship; it was his destiny to be alone. He couldn’t -
“Bet. How?”
“Did you have a notary? Contracts are dangerous, Pepper.”
“It takes a lot to move intergalactic plasma in zero gravity,” Tony chuckled.
Steve let out a breath, and Tony laughed. The fact that Steve had even a fraction of doubt was pure comedy. Tony told him as such as he hopped onto his lap and held his face in his hands.
“Hey fuckface,” Bucky barged in.
“Hey fuckers,” Natasha sauntered into the kitchenette and started to clink dishes around.
Suddenly, though, the two were interrupted with a racket in the living room. The muffled noises seemed incoherent and erratic, was someone being hurt?
“Goodnight, Tony,” she expressed.
“Can we call it that, the Damn Van?”
“I’m gonna cry, this is it.”
Clint threw his head back in front of the pantry and groaned. Tony snickered to himself and untucked his laptop from underneath his arm to sit at the table. As soon as they’d been close enough, he had JARVIS working on connecting everyone to everything, so his WiFi was already signed in and at full speed. He had been contentedly tapping about, checking the internet capacity and television channels when a shout echoed in the entry hall.
So he opened the door and went legs first. He was halfway in and settled when Steve burst into the room.
“They have lights for a reason,” he chastised.
Steve stepped back to stand in front of the other, who had stopped, with crossed arms.
“Ooooookay.”
“Abso-fuckin’-lutely not,” Tony chuckled, “they’re gonna eat what we wanna eat. If they have any problems, they can take it up their asses.”
“Hello, Chelsea.”
“Do it, pussy,” the other challenged. Steve dramatically dropped his head against the arm and went limp. His tongue hung out and his eyes glossed over, looking nowhere near dead, but very reminiscent of someone drunkenly passed out. Bucky snapped a picture and ran away before Steve could murder him in cold blood. His friend ran out the door, and Steve was going to chase him, but Tony “accidentally” spilled black coffee on him.
Clint nodded.
saw Steve, he sighed as the other man turned to his team.
“I’m going to bed, and since you stole all my blankets, I’m sleeping with yours.”
Pepper came back around with Steve’s order and a half gallon of black coffee for Tony. He drank from the container, but no one else was here, so it didn’t matter. They then ordered their food, and chatted amongst one another until their meals arrived.
“Uh, I can go look,” Clint offered with a shrug and Steve grinned.
“I didn’t ask,” Tony gestured flippantly.
Steve sat upright and towered over her.
“Hey, Fat Albert! Get your ass off me!”
“A month into the semester and everyone is already dead asleep.”
“I agree, Romanov,” he stated.
“Sun, babe, Steve has a boyfriend.”
“You fuckin’ better.”
As they came down from their highs in one big puddle of limbs, Tony stared as Steve fell asleep and he knew there was nothing he wouldn’t trade for this. He would go to the moon and back in a blink if Steve merely suggested it. Tony fell asleep with his head on Steve’s shoulder and a peaceful smile on his face.
“Bye Steve,” Tony waved while cursing himself.
And they were alone once more. Steve shifted back to Tony, who maintained eye contact with where Barnes had been.
“We’ve been driving for five minutes and you’re just now asking that?”
“Did Fury finally fire us?”
“Ditto.”
Steve had rushed in and separated the two, then Nat walked in and started signing when Clint didn’t respond to her voice.
“Hi, I’m Steve.” He held his right hand out to her. She smirked, and he felt like he was missing a punchline. Her emerald eyes shook his core as she glared mischievously at him through her lashes.
Magical my ass. I wanna show you a thing on Twitter.
“It seems sacreligious,” Tony stated with a flimsy lift of his shoulders. Steve bit back a smile, and retrieved a different colored box, then tossed it into his cart.
“That’s my major. Uh, yeah, you should totally walk with me. I uh… it’s a long walk, you sure?”
Stark was standing in the hallway in front of them with no shirt on and confusion melding his face. His stomach was carved into six lean muscles with contouring lines from his hips that ran below his waistline. His arms were simply gorgeous and his tan put Steve’s to shame.
“Absolutely!” Jane smiled back in triumph and quickly gathered her things. “Your secret is safe with me,” she told them both quickly, “even James. I’ll see you later—have a good night!”
“You look uncomfortable,” Sam told Steve the minute he got a good look at him. “But you look good.”
“A little,” Tony admitted eventually.
Soon his only lucid thought was a desperate hope that he’d at least told Tony he loved him before all this. They’d been so close to a second chance, so close to making up for all the time they lost being bullheaded. What Steve wouldn’t give to look Tony in the eyes again and admit how wrong he had been to let him go, for being so unsupportive.
“Tony? Tony, I need your help, please pick up.”
A primal groan tore from somewhere deep in Steve’s throat, and with a vicious snap of his hips, he thrust his cock all the way into Tony with such sudden force that Tony cried into his mouth and pulled back from the kiss with guttural moan.
Steve grimaced and finished the last of his pint. It may have been his fifth or sixth drink, he wasn’t so sure. “Tell them to fuck off,” he told her with a quiet sniff. “Leave me alone.”
“Just cause you’ve been extra bossy doesn’t mean I’m not partial to loudmouthed brunets anymore, Tony,” Steve drawled playfully.
“I’ll do what I can,” Steve promised, and with his phone in his hand, he excused himself to Tony’s room.
The self-important asshole hadn’t felt a meeting time was necessary, but told Tony he’d send him an email once he was free to meet with him. He didn’t want to give the guy an excuse to say Tony hadn’t done his job well, so he couldn’t make any plans to see Steve or his friends at MIT.
An insistent, metallic rap against his trailer door pulled Steve’s attention away from trying to beat his high score. With a quiet sigh, he pushed himself up to sitting on the couch, removed the large ice-packs padding his swollen knees, then slowly rolled up to his feet. It took some time, but eventually he shuffled far enough so he could open the door and poke his head out.
Tony couldn’t help but smile to himself. “Don’t worry about me, babe, just call me when you’re on your way.”
“Dr. Jane Foster,” Steve said quietly, picking up a wedge to dab in a pink sauce on Tony’s plate. “I got her to agree to do a TV interview, a ten minute spot. My assistant just called to say Foster’s backing out. Again.”
“Well,” Tony said slowly, cautiously, “wouldn’t be much of a risk if one of you pretended to be the ther—”
The recipe described here for Steve's struffoli is modified from this "
“Captain Steven G. Rogers, you are only in attendance for this managerial meeting because it serves our purposes,” the Director reminded him coolly. “I suggest you maintain your silence until such time you are asked to speak. Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark, this is an official warning: control your ward.”
Tony could only stare. “Bucky Barnes?
“Steve, I need you,” Tony panted in fragile whisper, a sound too desperate to succumb to his pride. A crown prince turned king, Tony wanted for nothing in his life. Nothing could be so humiliating and alien to him as to beg.
“Greetings Lieutenant Robert B. Banner, Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark,” Jane said with a formal salut in the doorway to their office. “Chief Director Nicholas Fury requests your presence at the Cryo-Prison for Captain America’s temporary reinstatement.”
Steve couldn’t look away from him, from the affection in Tony’s eyes, and the easy way he smiled back at Steve. In those brown eyes, Steve found that nothing mattered but the two of them, and this private moment they shared.
True to his word, Tony pushed away with a frustrated smile. His pacing was faster than before.
Bucky groaned from his corner and the attention of the room shifted to him.
“You are not wrong about that,” Steve agreed.
Nonetheless, he missed his maybe-more-than-strictly-platonic-friend. So when Steve found his friend in an alleyway in a dangerous neighborhood with hickies lined up and down his neck to his shoulder, he wasn’t all that joyous.
Steve and Tony have been roommates for a year. And, honestly, it’s kind of unbelievable.
“-people depend on us for their safety-”
Tony chuckled in a low tone. Steve had already decided he liked the sound. He wanted to hear it more often.
“It’s unlocked,” Steve called.
“Bless you.”
“Do you just have like, a bookmark for rising global temperatures?”
“Mhm.”
“Pick one,” she ordered with folded arms. His breath wavered as he marched in front of the room at one end of the space. When he looked back, she confirmed he could have it.
“Hey, I’ll give you twenty dollars to go away,” Tony barked out. Steve bit back a smile. But based on Stark’s questioning glance, he wasn’t doing too well at hiding it.
“Close the door, you’re letting heat in,” Natasha barked from elsewhere.
“My family moved here in what you guys call junior year of highschool,” Thor explained, “I was learning English and American customs while simultaneously learning the regular curriculum.”
“We? Only you would be dumb enough to do that,” Nat chided.
And that’s how Clint had lasagna with a legend amongst assassins on a Tuesday afternoon.
Tony huffed a laugh and pushed past into the room.
“Promise?”
“Twenty-bucks to who’s ever wrong,” Steve disclosed. Tony grinned and faced Steve once again.
“Please don’t,” Tony pleaded, and Clint stopped to think.
“Yeah, we’ve been brothers since elementary school. He saved me from a fight I couldn’t win, then let me kick his ass for good measure. Ma says we’re attached at the hip, and maybe we are, but no, we’re not dating.”
“No, fuck you, Steve.”
“Fuck off, Rogers! That shit is terrifying, look at it! Whatthefuckisthat?”
Therefore, when Bucky dropped his bag with a rattling thunk, Clint had the trespasser pressed against the wall with a knife to his throat.
“Yes it did.”
Steve eyed the other suspiciously. He got caught and Tony smiled.
But it’s been a year now and the team is tired of those twats. They’ve all told the two how the other feels, but both of them deny anything with longing smiles and a closed door. And then SHIELD collapsed.
“No one made it,” he whisped out.
“Tony, let’s uh... let’s go and find Nat, or Bruce, neither of which are very sympathetic, but we can try!”
“What’re we doin’ tuhday?”
“Please define ‘vacation’,” Tony commanded with his hip cocked on the communal table.
“What the fuck is this?”
“Excuse me?”
“Oh my fucking God,” Clint loosely chuckled to himself.
“I’ve got your laptop, prick,” Natasha answered.
“What?”
“Lemme get dressed.”
Steve created a contact for his new friend, finishing just as the professor clapped her hands to begin class.
“Passed what?”
Tony awoke with a very annoying and bright light in his eyes.
They swapped numbers and said goodbye. As Steve sat in his seat on the sixteenth - fucking what - floor, his phone buzzed in his pocket.
“Global warming is a government conspiracy.”
“Just because you’re right doesn’t mean you’re correct.”
“Well, only one of those exists, so we’ll have to make dew,” he shrugged. She squinted at him for a moment, then decided something as she folded her arms across her chest.
“You need to look the part,” Tony sighed impatiently, as if how to ‘look the part’ was information Steve should already know via default gay factory settings. Were sugar babies universally allergic to grey slacks and he was the last to know?
“Mein Schafes,” Steve said in a softer voice, “how’ve you been sleeping? You look… thin.”
“Do you know what you like?” he wondered, and Steve could feel himself blush with the question.
Before long she turned the conversation over to Natasha and the interns so they could ask their questions and become more familiar with the case.
Steve looked like he didn’t know whether to sigh, glower, or rub at the fresh headache growing behind his eyes first. Instead, he followed Tony’s line of sight to his own partner.
“So, how many of them were named Hector?” Steve asked casually. Tony didn’t move the script to show his face, but Steve didn’t need to see his face to interpret his reaction: he watched Tony’s shoulders relax and heard Tony snickering behind his make-shift shield, and felt relief settle in his chest.
Without warning, Tony felt the world slow down to a leisurely crawl. People around them faded into the background until only Rachel and Steve were walking beside him, and Rachel’s otherwise sprinting sentences ran slower than molasses as she ate up Steve’s entire body with her gaze and with a suggestive little smile, she clarified, “Anything
“Promise,” Steve clarified, and Tony could make out the glimmer of a smile.
Tony’s feet turned of their own volition until he ran into Steve coming through from the bedroom wearing nothing but a towel and a beaming smile.
Bruce returned to the station with Fury while Tony stayed behind to help Steve get ready. While they quickly cut the Captain out of his centuries of hair growth, Tony arranged for his clothes so that upon his release, he could present Steve with a custom made uniform and a new pair of shoes. He gave Steve some time to shower and get dressed, signed Steve’s release forms and assumed the man’s guardianship, then finally led him out into the free world.
A blush rose in Stephanie’s pale cheeks, and she bit her lip bashfully as she tried to resist a bright smile. “You think so? I mean,” she whispered, sneaking a little closer where she was crouched beside Clint. “You think he, he could care for me? A Woman?”
Hill cleared her throat and, at that, Steve knew to shut up.
It had only been five or six hours since he had filled the sixth canister, but Tony was young enough to recover quickly. Even after the secondary stretch of Steve’s thick fingers, and Steve pulling Tony’s hole open between his thumbs, Tony still winced and mewled in turns of pain and pleasure as Steve sunk deeper and deeper into his body.
Tony’s pleased, bashful smile was more beautiful than anything Steve might see through the windows, and he found he couldn’t look away.
“Ironic, that’s what I’m trying not to do,” Tony muttered to himself, then with a big sigh, he sat up, braced himself, and said, “I wasn’t looking for something serious because I’m writing an article on failing relationships, and I needed someone to date briefly and then push away so that I could write about it in the article—but! But,” he added as Steve’s expression started morphing from shock to horror, “I, I’m kicking myself, I—Steve, listen: I genuinely like you, and I know I haven’t been fair or honest with you, but if—if you meant what you said, and if you’re still, uh, still interested in me after… after this, you’re worth it. To me. So, that’s it. Full disclosure. All the cards on the table, no more secr—”
“There, that’s it. Let’s sit you up, just go slow,” the man said more gently, easing Tony’s foot down and helping him roll onto his back so he could sit without putting any pressure on it.
Bewildered, Bruce blinked up at the Chief, then glanced at Tony as if his junior partner would know how to react. “Chief, I,” he stammered quietly, shaking his head. Tony had already stepped away from the terminal as Fury had demanded, but Bruce made no move to take his place. “What do I do? I don’t know—”
When Bucky led the way, they all followed.
“Wait, I’m confused,” Bruce said slowly around the rim of his glass of whiskey. He had finished drinks one and two while Tony recapped the day before, the shit he threw in the theater, and the next morning. Three Drink Bruce was far more eager about interactive conversations than any other Bruce. “You… said agreed?”
Flora frowned a little, and said, “My daddy says I can’t play outside anymore because of sun rays and they’re dangerous.”
“...you wanted to plant flowers with me?”
Steve frowned at him, flustered by where the conversation was going. Tony couldn’t possibly expect him to defend him after all the shit he pulled.
“Yes, it would, it would make me much more comfortable,” Steve muttered, and in his irritation he started to scratch more aggressively at the back of his left hand. “And can we stop at a pharmacy or hospital or something? I think that Cryo cell gave me a rash.”
“Are you threatening me?”
“Shouldn’t my opinion of you be mine to make?” Steve pushed back before Tony insisted on saving Steve from himself. “If
Frightening as the idea of Rumlow’s filthy hands - and possibly even his blood - touching his body, Tony smiled at Steve with deep affection. “It is my privilege, Steve Rogers.”
Steve blinked at the beige locker room wall. He’d already had a long Saturday running errands and getting his life in order, and he had just spent forty minutes tearing up his shoulders. All he wanted to do was go home to indulge in a long, hot bath and an ice cold compress.
Not again. Steve could not let Rumlow slip through his fingers one more time.
I blame you.
Fury shot him a glare, but for the lack of a better idea, he tapped the request into the terminal. The computer complied at once, bringing up the map and identifying the movement of Cho’s vehicle with a blue dot.
“Do not desist, Steve,” Tony told him, as matter of factly as he could breathless and giddy with drugs and happiness. “Kiss me.”
Steve grunted once, then shoved himself up on his hands and knees. He couldn’t quite make it to his feet, but when he dropped on his ass at least he was sitting upright in his bed. That was one step closer to being awake.
“Tony, you sound skeptical of Steve’s expressed interest in you,” Dr. Odinson said, and Steve cleared his throat to interrupt him.
“Alright gentlemen. You can do it your way for now,” Hammer conceded irritably. “But if your blunder slows down my investigation, I’m coming for your badges. Am I clear?”
Had Steve really gone his whole life thinking he’d experienced love without being seen the way Tony saw him?
“I know those categories,” Bucky said from his own desk, perking up with a broad grin. “Stark, are you planning a date?”
“I know you’re lying about being hurt,” Tony said with a sigh, sounding more tired than upset. “Look, I know what it’s like. Bruises, whatever. You can’t even be honest about an injury, that’s cool, it’s just not something I’m interested in, alright?”
“We should do this more often,” Thor decided as he looked around the inviting space he could barely recognize as his own.
. His body arched away with a sudden jolt, but Steve kept him where he was with his hips angled up and his cheeks spread. He grazed his teeth across Tony’s skin, biting and sucking at his tender, puckered hole until a mixture of Steve’s spit and lube tickled down Tony’s back. Whatever it was Steve wanted - to minimize the mess (unlikely), to keep Tony’s ass as wet as possible (undoubtedly), or just to drive Tony out of his mind (absolutely) - Steve pressed Tony further into his position, pushed his legs further apart, and dove into Tony’s bared crack to lap up the lube and spit he was single-handedly responsible for.
“I’m sorry,” he said when he eventually came to again. “I just hallucinated. Who are you?”
“I know it’s hard, man,” he said sincerely, rubbing at Thor’s enormous bicep. Thor barely batted an eye, let alone acknowledged him by looking at him. “I know she meant a lot to you, but… don’t give her this kind of power in your life. You barely knew her for two months.”
Steve’s promise that the people touching him today would be more gentle only turned out to be half-true. Tony quickly realized that these masters had never handled a male before. When they invited themselves in for a closer look, the first thing they did was paw and grope Tony where he differed from their females. They touched his chest, pinching and tugging at his pecs as if they couldn’t understand where his breasts were concealed. Tony managed to contain his grunts and groans of discomfort until one of them pinched his nipples between blunt stone nails and twisted, hard. A creature with such strong and sharp talons could easily tear Tony’s flesh from his bones.
They came to a halt at the iconic roundabout where they could see the equestrian statue of Charles the First, the monumental Nelson’s Column, and the National Gallery beyond. They followed along to the left at an unhurried pace, and Tony only stopped when he noticed a particular street sign. He tugged at Steve’s jacket, and unthinking, Steve stepped in close and leaned in closer still to look down the street Tony was turned towards, as if some little easter egg would be uncovered if he looked carefully enough.
“How about I give you a ride?”
“Yes, well, you laugh now—”
Tony smiled, pressing an adoring kiss to Steve’s chest. “You can bottom and take the lead, you know.” Then, with one more kiss of Steve’s lips, Tony asked Steve to stay where he was. He climbed out of bed and made straight for his dresser, where he dug around in his sock and underwear drawer until he came up with a silk pouch.
“And to me,” he added with an adoring smile. “I can’t wait to get to know her. After all, she’s the reason I have you in my life.”
With a look he hoped said, ‘stay here,’ Steve left Maria in the shadows and hurried up to Phil, feigning breathless excitement.
“Steve, you’ve got it all wrong,” Brock interrupted him to say. “I just don’t want to see you get your hopes up. I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Steve fired back a series of rolling eye emojis before bracing himself for the last message waiting for him. He found a bench, sat down, and played the voicemail Tony had left twenty minutes earlier.
“There’s a home game tonight,” she told him within seconds. “The Detroit Red Wings. I think that’s a good team, too.”
“I recall Taco Bell did not cater to your expectations. If I may redeem the night,” he said, holding out the platter to make his point more clear, “please allow me.”
Soon, it would be 9 o’clock in the morning, and maybe Steve would be too late. Morning rush hour offered the best opportunity for maximum damage, but it did not seem to worry anybody at Q-branch as much as it worried Steve. As always, Q left him in the care of his technicians and engineers. Usually, they were serviceable enough, but on a time crunch like this, Steve felt his cool slipping.
Sure, Tony understood what Steve meant if he thought about it rationally. He just didn’t understand it when he thought about it every other way.
So whenever it was absolutely necessary, Tony traveled for work alone like some hopeless schmuck. There was nothing he disliked more about his life choices than the networking, and to do it without Steve at his side was worse still. Now and then he’d get lucky and meet some people closer to his age, people he could connect to more easily. But more often than not, the old wrinkly cads he had to mix and mingle with were middle aged at best. He hadn’t thought much about it at first - after all, he’d always been too young for his peers, whether in boarding school, college, or graduate school. By extension, why should his career be any different?
“Sweetheart,
Steve’s brows quirked in question since that was a little out of his overview of the company, but he couldn’t help smiling at how pleasantly surprised Tony seemed. Before he could ask anything further, however, Howard spoke.
“Who was the last person that you, as you describe, ‘got to know’?” Dr. Odinson asked gently.
Tony shut his mouth in the middle of his rambling, and as miserable as he looked, there was a glimmer of gratitude in his eyes.
“I’ve never been on a date,” Steve told her in a quiet voice, and just like that, Sharon was shocked into silence.
“But you’re on her side,” Bucky said quietly, hurting without laying any blame on his friend. “You’re a lawyer?”
They walked in the direction of the starting game, and as cautious as Tony tried to be in public, he couldn’t deny it was an exciting thought.
She sighed to herself and pulled the computer to herself, clearly determined to complete her mission one way or another. “Men’s…. Lingerie…”
“His ancestry is not disclosed,” Tony replied after a few seconds of genuine searching. Then with a heavy sigh, he said, “Bruce Banner, I confess I now regret my recommendation to remove this man from his peaceful rest. His life is rife with centuries old tragedy. He deserves to be thawed for his release and a chance to live amongst us in harmony, not returned to the violence history continues to throw at him.”
“Tony? Hey,” the voice said more firmly. “We’re here.”
Pained, Tony looked down at the file, then made himself look at Steve again. “You’re older, Steve.”
The creature swallowed down every drop greedily until there was nothing left and Tony started to squirm and try to pull away from the continued stimulation. A stern word from Steve made the creature release Tony’s cock and sore balls, and soon after that, it left them without another word.
“You got it.”
“Natasha?” Steve said, dumbfounded. “Red and black. Those are her colors, red and black. Why did—what’s this, African Violet? What’s she going to do with purple?”
Steve rolled his eyes and replaced the lid. He got to the door just in time to see Tony with his fist raised to knock, wearing boxers and a t-shirt.
Steve hummed to himself in surprised amusement. “I never knew that about you.”
The Factory Bar had great food, a great atmosphere, and Steve hadn’t been there in ages. “I can’t wait to try them, Tony,” Steve answered sincerely. “On our second date.”
“In a manner of speaking,” Steve hedged at first, speaking quietly. Tony wasn’t dumb, and judging by his sudden silence and careful attention, Steve was pretty sure he already understood. Still, it was a question he needed to ask.
“Babe… what do you think I was doing while you were at the bar?” Tony asked rhetorically, and before Steve could make any useless guesses, Tony slapped a condom into Steve’s hand. He unzipped his trousers, undid his belt, and pushed his pants down over his ass before Steve could even pretend to want to stop him.
Steve rocked forward and nearly crawled away at the unexpected sensation, but Tony’s grip was too strong. He held Steve in place, with his ass spread open like a gift, and with absolutely no regard for air or Steve’s internal panic, Tony laid into his task like a starving man. He bit, tugged, and sucked at the furrowed rim of Steve’s hole, rolling and flicking his tongue over and around it. He slipped first one, then both, thumbs into Steve; it was a tight fit, but he wedged them both in, finger fucking him slowly until his hole relaxed enough to stretch.
“Tony, listen to me,” he heard Steve say in a collected, steady voice. Tony stared at him, momentarily grateful that it was Steve behind the wheel and not himself, because only one of them looked calm and comforted by this knowledge, and it was not him.
“She’s been asking; she can’t really travel much anymore, or I think she’d have been up to see you already. But if it’s too soon, I’m not in a rush. That’s a promise, okay? If you need next year on your own in Manhattan, that’s okay.”
“How was the market?” he asked the table at large, since it had been a new experience for nearly all of them. “How was the food?”
Laughter punched out of Tony all over again, but this time he thankfully wasn’t drinking.
Steve growled softly into the phone. “Flattery will get you nowhere, Stark.”
“It’s my Religion of Southeast Asia class,” Steve explained as he wandered away from the library with no destination in mind. “This chapter is about the role of astrology as sign of providence and tool for divination.”
He gestured accusatively at the fridge again, where sure enough, Steve had stocked up on chocolate cake, chocolate milk, whipped cream, pounds of bacon, pop tarts, and a mostly-finished sour cherry cheesecake.
“Then in the spirit of ‘we all deserve to focus on what is important in our lives’? Progress has been admirable, my love, but you have not left the palace in over two weeks. Must I guilt you into a jacket? Because I will.”
“Why didn’t you say it in front of Bucky? He wouldn’t care ab—oh. Oh,” Steve trailed off as he remembered there was more to Tony’s visit. “So, what’s the bad news?”
Tony was dying, crying and giggling breathlessly. “Oh my, my fucking—Mean Girls?! I just can’t, I fucking love you, this is, uh. It’s, uh.”
With the help of other staff, their waitress filled their table with feta baked in crunchy phyllo pastries, fried zucchini and cheese patties, dolmades with spiced rice and sultanas, stuffed peppers with beef, vegetables, and feta, and a salad of grilled eggplants with a balsamic glaze. The moussaka was fresh out of the oven, the chicken stew brimmed with olives, tomatoes, and cauliflower and filled the air with scents of cinnamon and garlic.
“With all due respect, Captain, the posing of each victim was too elaborate to be coincidental—”
The irony, of course, was that this dream came to life when Steve realized his time was limited. Now, all he wanted was for the world to open up and swallow him whole. A nice, tidy end to a nice, tidy story.
Steve cupped his face in his big, gentle hands, brushing his tears away and bringing him back to the present. “You know how lucky I’ve got to be to find someone who understands? It’s not… there’s no point, it’s not a pity parade. I haven’t thought of myself as a victim, Tony, I never did. I never could. I’m one of the lucky few with a second chance, and I worked my ass off to get it. I just never thought I’d find someone who could… understand what that means.”
Unless the dim lighting of the room was playing tricks on his vision, the wall to the far right was made entirely of glass, or a two-storey window that stretched the full width of the room. Steve didn’t have to see anything to know the view was stunning. The room itself was designed as an open space with a four-sided fireplace built with pale grey stones at its focal point. Steve could only stand there, staring at the casual opulence of the room in disbelief.
When she guessed wrong, Tony simply told her she was incorrect and handed the judge a folded note to identify the correct photograph. While Tony wanted the judge to know it wasn’t a trick question, no-one else needed to know any more private details about his client’s personal life.
“Not yet,” Steve replied in a playful sing-song, “Victoria said they’ll want to do dinner next time they’re in town. See,” he said, addressing the women, “I was working with them but something came up for their babysitter in the last minute, and Phil came in clutch. Took her to the zoo, they got ice cream. You’re pretty much her new hero,” Steve teased Phil before backing away. “And the next time I call, you better answer!”
“Look, I don’t want to be the person who doesn’t let their partner have their privacy and their secrets. You’re your own person. I love you and I trust you. You don’t have to tell me much, I only want to know whose it was, when you got it, why they’re so important to you, and whether or not you’ve ever fucked them.”
Tony cleared his throat and continued his earlier list, “—improper language, chocolate, gasoline, non-educational toys, and anything spicy.”
“I think that gives it a little something extra,” Steve said with a bright smile. “Thank you, Professor, see you Thursday!”
Steve paid for a small bouquet of blush pink peonies, and handed it to Tony. “For you, to remember today,” Steve told him, but Tony didn’t seem all that charmed.
Tony smiled at Harvey with genuine surprise. “I don’t know, nobody’s asked me if—”
“You’re gorgeous first thing in the morning, anyone ever tell you?” Tony whispered, brushing the soft, blond hair back from Steve’s face where it fell into his eyes, and he bowed his head to press a gentle kiss to the purple bruise still marring his temple. Thankfully, the swelling was no longer noticeable.
“How stupid do—”
Bucky didn’t stick around to see if Steve meant it. He pushed Tony aside and made a run for the elevator with Steve hot on his heels.
Steve took two steps into the darkened room, and Tony followed. “Inside, everything is voice coded. Whatever you need, you need only ask. Tracking lights,” he added, and the lights came on in the room.
Tony didn’t stand a chance, not against those inhumanly beautiful blue eyes and Steve’s perfect smile.
“Not, not gonna last,” Tony choked out, his fingers digging into Steve’s hips hard enough that Steve could practically feel the bruises forming. “Darling, I’m gonna have—you, you okay?”
“Tuesday,” Tony whispered, not needing complete sentences to understand.
“You know I still have a job to do, don’t you?” Sharon pointedly reminded him while Steve was quietly musing to himself. “Your job, in fact, on top of my own.”
“You sound like you know what to look for, Stark,” Natasha said coolly, pointedly stepping back from the desk to urge Tony out of his chair. “I’ll call you if we get more data today.”
Finally, Tony thought to shut the open door behind him. “What are you?” he asked, staying by the door where he could stay as far from the speaking animal as he could get.
“What—wait, Tony,” Pepper cried, throwing the door open further so she could use her hands to adequately express how frustrating such a last minute request was. “Why! Tony, we’re talking about foreign investors who—”
