, so tempting, but so very far away.
If you're upset or worried by character death, please remember to read the tags ;)
Steve hummed. Bucky sank town beside him, cradling his own mug, and silently took a sip.
“No,” Steve gasped, his voice breaking. He cradled Tony’s cheek with a trembling hand. “Tony, don’t- don’t do this. I need you, you need to come back, I- I can’t-”
The mess was the worst part, because it spoke of what was unfinished. On any other day they would have come home, and Steve would have asked Tony to put his laundry away - only to peel off whatever Tony was wearing and leave that unceremoniously forgotten in a similar pattern of disarray across their bedroom floor. Once they'd worked off their nervous energy, Tony would pick up his boot and tinker again. Steve would wrap his arms around his waist and pillow his head on Tony's stomach, content to trace circles on Tony's golden skin.
“But I swear, Tony. I won’t let this take you. I- We won't let you stay like this.”
“What are they building? What… what weapon?”
It seemed untrue, that a case Steve had been so terrified of would be determined so easily.
“Steve,” Anthony said. It sounded like the rumble of falling stones, of wind on an old brick building.
“I’m an art student,” he said, feeling his ears go slightly red at the tips. Business types were often patronising when he mentioned his career choices. “I, uh, take all the time I can. To practice.”
Tony launched to his feet, bracing his fists against the table. “Will you stop being so fucking
“Steve knows about me now! He knows I’m a murderer! I’d be
Steve swallowed and looked down at the shield in his hands. It was as shiny and unmarred as ever, glinting innocently in the sunlight. “I didn’t have enough magic then,” he muttered, wiping a hand over his mouth. Clint didn’t seem to catch the implication of that, though, seemingly puzzled. [What?] he signed. [Again?]
He stepped over the bodies of Bucky’s guards, stumbled out into the courtyard, and ran forward.
So I know the past two chapters were confusing - a side effect of me a) not planning ANY of this out and b) this being literally the first thing I've written for other eyes in years, so I went back to tweak them a bit and I hope they're more understandable now.
“Who am I, Tony?” the man asks, and Anthony says he doesn’t know.
, and of course it was because he just consumed Steve’s future. He had been selfish, he had stolen Steve’s life, had ripped it from him all because he wanted a touch that Steve had warned him not to take.
!” he hissed, face quickly turning grey with the effort of staying upright. “I
. “Sure you don’t. Listen, next time just let us know you’re heading out, would you? I don’t mind a midnight excursion or two, but a man
The makeshift workstation Strange had set up in his compound wasn’t elegant at all - it comprised mostly of mismatched arcane artifacts and instruments he and Banner had scavenged from the royal workshop, a mess of magic and technology that frankly ruined his carefully maintained aesthetic. It wasn’t meant to be permanent, which helped. There was the matter of urgency, too, of not knowing how long he had before it was too late and the slim window he had at his disposal to finish the ritual closed for good.
” He let his notebook fall to the workbench with a resounding thud. “I made hundreds of blueprints, Bruce. Most of them things like… like body scanners, or portals, or air transport. But of course, out of all the useless, harmless shit I designed, he managed to get his hands on one of the weapons.
The boot was surrounded by tiny parts, a complicated mess Steve had never tried to understand, and suddenly that was devastating. He’d never tried hard enough to understand Tony's genius. He'd never bothered to ask, always distracted by the brilliance he saw in Tony himself to realise how much of it was reflected in the titanium alloy parts scattered across the nightstand.
He laughed, quietly, at the guy’s pose - but eventually pulled out his sketchpad and pencil, happy that he could finally draw his muse without worrying about him noticing.
“You swore you would destroy it.”
Hey, it’s not like he was planning on doing anything else.
“The same,” Steve breathed. “They’re the same.”
“I’ll get you an audience,” he promised, not really thinking about it. He’d figure it out. “How do we defend against that?”
to have one. The vast majority were people who had killed enemy soldiers in the war, but now and then a suspicious case arose: a mysteriously gifted person with no previous murderous history to be found.
“You should work the morning shift again.”
Then texted Natasha two minutes later.
... i have nothing to say for myself.
woman.”
Tony lifted his head, blinking blearily. One cheek still had an imprint of his hand on it, and Steve had to resist the urge to kiss him. “What’s wrong?”
He didn’t wait for Steve to recover, didn’t wait for new Chitauri to take the place of those he had just killed. He simply threw himself into the wall of alien bodies with a fierce determination, faintly recognising when the king apparently decided he was more friend than foe and turned back to the fight.
Steve found his pants discarded on the other side of the lounge and pulled them on, amused. Tony had somehow managed to survive the night with his shirt still on; Steve, however, had been far more adventurous. “Those scary spy assassins care about you too, you know.”
The portal was surrounded, but as Tony soared through the sky above the battle he could still pick out individuals in the fray. Thor launched into the air, propelled by his hammer, and brought down a stampede of Chitauri with one blow to the ground beneath their feet. Hawkeye was perched upon the castle ramparts, launching specially designed arrows that exploded on impact. Natasha was holding the gates to the city, Carol at her side, the two of them seamlessly working through the mass that was quickly descending upon the city entrance.
Tony could see something behind the heaving mass of Chitauri, partially hidden behind the frame of the portal - giant creature, resembling the Chitauri, and yet so much larger.
“Technically Bruce did, actually.”
“Oh, it’s just that simple?” Tony snapped, sarcastically, head tilted to the side. “You just snap your fingers and voila, someone who was rightfully dead is back to normal?”
The relic sits at the statue’s feet.
It was another two days before the scouts announced that the approaching army was a single day’s march from the city.
“No, you’re not,” Tony told him. “Thanks, by the way,” he said to Clint. “Tell Bruce and Nat thanks too.”
Tony cleared his throat, not bothering to hide his amusement. He lifted a crate full of items onto the table. “Before we start on the actual weapons - sit
“Sire,” she began. “Do you personally know Barnes’ kill count?”
Bucky looked thoughtfully out at the horizon and hummed. “Do you think he’s left you any?”
The strangest thing seemed to happen - something in Anthony’s stone chest fluttered, and his vision snapped clearer, and suddenly, in a rush, memories flooded in.
The weight of the shield felt more comfortable now than it had at any point since Tony had made it. It seemed to sit better, almost hum and resonate with his own energy, and Steve couldn’t decide whether it was that he had gotten used to it in battle or if it was simply because he was more determined to use it than ever before. Perhaps he’d finally gotten used to the damn thing. He ran his hand around the rim of it, half expecting to find some scratch or dent from the battle, but it was smooth and unmarred. He should have known. Tony made everything with careful intent, and nothing he designed-
, and suddenly he had them instead of me. He left behind the exact amount I had before. He musta planned it all.” Finally, he met Steve’s eyes. ”It would have killed him within hours. He knew that. But he did it anyway, to make sure I would be proven innocent.”
He had someone he needed to see.
She paused for a moment, a delicate frown on her face. “We’re going to find you something. We’re going to find a replacement, and you’ll be fine-”
again, but there was no give, no response. “You’ve gotta… you haven’t fixed the shield yet,” he said, and he was faintly aware that he was babbling. “You’ve gotta wake up, and come home, and- and yell at Clint, and invent something ridiculous and useless and brilliant-
Tony seemed deep in thought by the time they reached the archives and Jane ushered him through. He moved immediately down the stacks and she followed him, eyeing the way he pressed a palm against his chest.
The man sank to his seat, visibly shaking with rage, but Steve didn’t notice. He was too busy watching Bucky’s expression crumple into pain, and guilt, and finally into a blank mask that scared Steve more than anything else. With each new charge Carol read out, as she returned to her list, Bucky’s shoulders tensed until he was barely more than a meekly kneeling statue of the centre of the room.
“He won’t take me seriously.”
He was proud of it.
“Please, Tony,” the man said. There were creases between his eyebrows now, and a downward turn to his lips. “Please, you have to know where we can find it.”
Steve nodded, frowning. “The best,” he said. “He does a lot for the city.”
He hadn’t forgotten the boy who’d been attacked by a Chitauri. The kid worked in the stables, close enough that Clint had been able to quietly watch him from the rooftops without him noticing. The kid definitely had powers - Clint was faintly surprised he’d avoided suspicion so far, considering how fucking
Steve’s muscles were still sore. He’d spent the night before helping dig graves for the fallen, for the dozens of citizens who had died in their effort to protect the city. The soreness would fade over the next few hours, disappearing as quickly as the scars that had littered his palms-
It melted away, dissolved into the air, leaving him gasping and bleeding and half naked on the ground. He clenched his eyes closed, unwilling to witness the moment when Steve understood who he was. He heard a sword clatter to the ground. A thud, as Steve crashed to his own knees in front of him. Rough hands grabbed his shoulders and Tony finally opened his eyes. Steve’s face was flickering through confusion, despair, fear, too fast enough for Tony to follow, especially through the tears that were gathering in his eyes.
He didn’t need to ask or say anything; he climbed to his feet and lunged at the Chitauri that was strangling Steve, pressed his gauntlet-covered palm to the side of its head and fired. The kickback landed him on his back again, but Steve was alive, he was
The joy and hope that flooded through him is intoxicating, and he grinned as he offered the woman everything she could possibly ever want or need if she could just get him to the airport. On the way, he borrowed her phone.
“We found your notes,” the man told him as they walked, and Anthony found himself vaguely puzzled that this stranger seemed to think he had ever written notes for anybody to find. “Strange thinks you might have been on to something, but we need you to remember where the artefact is.”
“I saw him yesterday. He gave me a lecture.”
Tony saw the source of the problem the moment he crested the walls. On the other side of the river stood a portal, a hundred feet high, through which Chitauri were still spilling in droves. He saw a collection of them
My tumblr is
“Tony,” the guy said. “It’s spelled-“
“Tony,” Steve whispered. His voice was hoarse. “What… How did…?”
He was expecting the archer to make another quip about his sex life, but instead Clint rubbed the back of his neck, suddenly looking faintly uncertain. “Listen, Steve. There’s something-” the archer seemed to hesitate for a moment to think through what he wanted to say. “Stark’s a good man, right?”
“I don’t know, but I assume if you can find the central part of the hive and destroy it-”
“Let the court recognise,” Carol began, and paused as the last of the commotion fizzled away. She surveyed the room proudly, an eyebrow arched. “Let the court recognise that James Buchanan Barnes, heir to the crown, has been brought to trial for the following charges. Treason. Espionage. 132 counts of murder-”
- into his arms, gentle and slow, as though jostling him would wake him from slumber. He tucked Tony’s head under his chin, pulled him close, found bare skin on the back of Tony’s neck and pressed his hand against it, putting everything he had into trying to
He rose to one knee, straining upward, blood-stained fingertips barely brushing the tesseract’s casing. He managed to drag himself upward enough to lean against the controls again, but his blood-slick hand slipped, and he crashed back to the ground, choking back a sob.
Bucky shook his head and pointed up at a particularly bright cluster of stars, shaking Steve’s shoulder when he failed to look up. “Look,” he said, whisper quiet. “Right between those stars. It says ‘I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you everything.”
The next morning he rolled over, feeling like death warmed over, and stared at his sketchbook on the nightstand.
“… No reply, yet, but it is still early.”
“Whatever for?”
Carol smiled, and tilted the device’s screen to him.
It was the night before his final work was due before he finally perfected it.
The sun was still barely above the horizon by the time the last evacuees left the city gates. Steve stood at the window of the war room, watching the procession hurry along the road toward the distant shelter of Asgard, feeling a crushing sense of dread settle over his heart.
The battle begins.
Who doesn't love a good misunderstanding or ten?
The man opened his eyes, little more than a low flutter, and Anthony - Tony? - found himself frozen once more. His hand hovered, still as stone, just inches from his face. Steve stared at him, tired eyes rimmed with red. His shoulders were rounded, and Tony wanted to make them strong again. He didn’t know how.
“Notes for what?”
They would be happy together.
if I have to wait any longer.”
So Steve had paced outside the throne room instead.
, that he cried and begged and grieved when it became clear that Tony was getting worse. That the curse was making him slow down, making him forget, slowly robbing him not only of the movement that used to
He didn’t hear any movement, and he pushed away the itching anxiety that crept up the back of his neck as a result. Tony normally
detail that he couldn’t understand, the one thing they needed that he could never quite identify.
... In my defence, Endgame totally ended me.
“What?”
“Yesterday.”
They finally found what they were looking for in a large box in the corner, with a collection of files belonging to the dead. It was a single long piece of card paper, covered in a long list of incidents dated from the midst of Marvel’s last war. They scanned the list together, Tony humming in surprise when he found a collection of entries from the day the war had ended.
“I… A skrull was here, pretending to be Clint. It asked how to work the tessaract, and I… I told them how to shut it off.”
He was surprised, when he came across a road, to see what he recognised as a modern hatchback speeding along it. He waved the car down, unsure what to think, and asked the woman who stopped what the date was. She told him, with a strong Scandinavian accent.
He tried to collect his magic, to contain it within his chest, but there was too much of it. His first magical blast at the reactor was completely ineffective, and Tony cursed to himself. Around him the magic had become a maelstrom, a tornado that tore at his clothes and evaded any attempt at control. He groaned in frustration and glanced around, hoping and praying for a weapon he could use. Anything that could crack the stone, anything that could break it, and let five years of toxic magic out in one single blast.
Tony giggled and pushed him away, squirming even when Steve tried to pull him back into his arms. “Go away,” he huffed, still laughing. “Go on. Shoo.”
“I always seem to see you drawing,” a voice said, and Steve covered the drawing he’d been working on, because suddenly his muse was
He realised that he’d left small hand-shaped dents in the arm rests of the throne.
“NO!” A moment later Steve he realised he had slammed a fist onto the table. He carefully unfolded it and let his hand lie flat on the wood. “No. No citizen will be forced to sacrifice their lives. Our people will journey home from Asgard to find Marvel safe and whole. Now, Stark-” He met Tony’s worried eyes across the room, unable to ignore the light flutter in his chest. They hadn’t had a moment together since Peggy had arrived home two weeks prior. “- I understand you have some new developments for our strike team.”
“Did you recognise him as Barnes? Did he seem familiar?”
Strange rolled his eyes and turned to face the man. “What kind of sorcerer do you take me for? I placed protections of my own to ensure it doesn’t happen again. I’d bet there’s no other person on the planet - besides myself, perhaps - who is better protected against future magical meddling.” Strange turned to Steve as an afterthought. “Your finest artificers can examine my work, if they’d like.”
“You know you can’t touch me, Tony. Remember? We can’t touch.”
The object looked familiar. It even looked important. The angel didn’t understand why.
Bucky frowned, and sat up completely. Tony fiddled with the object in his lap and Bucky moved closer, angling to look at it properly. He didn’t recognise it.
“Peggy!?”
“So I have this idea where we might be able to use it to save him. We can use it to prove that he’s innocent.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony gasped, trying to ignore the feeling of fire spreading under his skin. He dropped the device, momentarily alarmed at the way his hands were glowing a faint, sinister red. He concentrated, and the red faded away. “But I can solve everything-”
“Of course.” He glanced back at the door as Bruce slipped through and held the door open. A woman carrying a heavy-looking box followed. “If you don’t mind, I’d really rather like to set the tone of our defense before more witnesses are brought forward. Our case may change court proceedings slightly.” He flashed an apologetic smile at the woman who had provided her account. “Though I’m sure their stories are vitally important, I’m not entirely sure they are going to be necessary.”
(Thanks to my amazing betas Dragonlover44 and HadesPuppy for being so helpful and patient!)
Tony stilled.
It wasn’t fun, though. Not any more. There were no impromptu leaps from skyscrapers, no moments of glorious victory chasing the last of the battle-born adrenaline, no joking quips over the comms for him to secretly smile at. There was no air support he could depend on.
“You were trying to subtly draw people at work for practice again?”
He knew Tony was unlikely to remember anything about the relic. He asked anyway, because he knew he couldn’t tell Tony how much he loved him, how desperately he wanted Tony back home, because yesterday the angel couldn’t even remember a life outside the graveyard. Yesterday Tony couldn’t remember Steve’s name, or his face, and every day he seemed surprised to learn that someone else
Tony let his head fall into his hands and stared at the untouched meal in front of him. “I still can’t go back.”
With a gesture, Carol silenced him. “That, sir, is what we are here to determine. Take your seat.”
“Remember the scanner I built, years ago? The one that can read how many people someone’s killed?”
Through the portal he could see something behind the flood of Chitauri flowing through. It was a huge, hulking thing - slightly organic looking - but clearly placed far enough from the portal to be safe from any hope of attack. Tony had no way of knowing
Bucky sighed. He frowned at the contents of his mug, as though the bubbles of foam in his hot chocolate were a puzzle he was trying to solve. When he finally spoke, his voice was heavy with regret. “He was dying anyway.”
- And he was gone, nothing but a gentle breeze left beneath Anthony’s fingers.
Clint shoved him to the side. “No you’re not.”
Also: exams
- to pick it up. Not once had it ricocheted the way Tony had planned.
“I promised,” Steve said. “I promise you, Tony, we will fix this. Strange said he’s close. Just… don’t forget, Tony.”
“Wake me up in ten minutes,” he told Steve, with a seepy, almost cunning smile. The he closed his eyes, got comfortable, and seemingly drifted away.
. I think I fucking deserve to know
“… Stark? You okay?”
Steve obliged.
I had some lovely betas comb through this AND the existing chapters, so they've all been slightly improved. No major changes have been made. Massive thanks to Hadespuppy and dragonlover44 for their hard work!
“I thought not”. A sigh. “What are we going to do now?”
Bucky looked up at her, expression unreadable, and shrugged. She tilted the device toward him, and waited for the beep.
Tony froze and stared at her. “The archives,” he said, voice suddenly coming from miles away.
They would grow old together.
floated through the angel’s head, the sound not matching up with the movement of the stranger’s lips. The angel wondered who they were talking about.
Steve wiped off the sword and glanced around the rest of the battleground. The fight was still raging around them, as though they were the temporary calm in a hellish storm. “You could have prevented this,” he said. Tony recognised despair in his voice; something akin to resignation. “How could you let all these people die!?”
“Enough.”
Steve thought he should say something, but his tongue seemed heavy, and his throat didn’t work, and he couldn’t think of anything to say. He turned and stared at the clouds again, listing sideways until he was propped up against his friend’s shoulder. A pause, before Bucky’s arm slipped around his shoulders, and his check rested against the top of his head.
Then, as suddenly as it started, it was over.
Well.
if you wanna reach me!
Carol narrowed her eyes in thought. “Proceed.”
Carol tilted her head. “You are Barnes’ defense?”
It was four days after he’d last visited Tony; he’d been sent back only
After a hesitant glance at Steve, she began.
Steve couldn’t think of anything to say. Tony leaned across the counter, looking at the coffee machine. “But before we head off, can I grab a coffee? I’m going to
He worried at an arrow shaft, though, deep in thought.
Steve stalked around him, his sword glinting with Tony’s blood. He coughed, and his breath rattled with the next breath. He felt his energy waning but desperately threw all of it into maintaining the armour, into keeping up his anonymity as long as possible. He was selfish. He wanted to pretend that he would go home, and Steve would love him, and never know Iron Man’s secret identity. Would never know Tony’s treasonous betrayal.
By the time Steve reached the portal machine he could already feel his body healing, the scrapes and bruises stinging slightly less than they did before. He could hear some muffled sounds, now - cheers, maybe. Screams. He didn’t
Anthony could move again. He wanted to reach out to this man, to grasp his shoulder, sap the sadness from those eyes until nothing was left. But the man climbed the fence with practiced ease, and started walking, and Anthony only followed him, eyebrows creased into a frown.
“- You destroy all the others.” He stared at her. “You, Jane Foster, are a genius.”
“Ah!” he said. “Just the person I was looking for.”
… So yeah, I’m hoping that isn’t as dumb a fix-it as it could have been. :D
“Buck hasn’t been cleared of charges yet,” Steve said, confused. “What is this about, Barton?”
He flipped off Clint as they passed the windows, though. Clint returned it with a grin.
She sighed and let her head fall onto her crossed arms on the desk. “Why am I putting up with this?”
He missed the morning shift. The afternoon shift was slower, and his mornings were a drag without customers to keep him busy. He was trying to put his mornings to good use, trying to commit himself to drawing and painting as much as he could during his spare time.
He was
Clint shrugged, looking uncomfortable. “Tony-” he said, but he grimaced, shook his head, and continued in sign. [Bruce says Tony made my hearing aids with magic. When he died, they stopped working. I notice it most when I talk.]
Marvel’s front lines faltered, but the two army lines met, and the battle truly began.
He glanced back only once as he guided her up the stairs, noticing only that Tony was watching him go, his expression defeated and sad.
Two hours later, court reconvened.
“You, sir, have been resurrected twice.”
There’s at least one example where someone was transported through space alone.
Bucky carefully avoided his gaze, mouth twisted in guilt and shame. “I- it’s my fault, really. Tony wanted to exonerate me, and… I guess he figured out how.
“A hive mind.”
“You’re saying Barnes is not the Winter Soldier?”
Clint had watched a litany of guests appear on the Stark estate at all hours. They were an odd collection of people - the stable boy, a foreign prince, a fashion designer, an astrothaumaturge and her assistant - definitely not the typical collection of house guests one would expect of a nobleman or engineer. Half the time Stark’s guests didn’t even bother with the gates, choosing instead to scale the walls in the cover of darkness. Clint had followed some of them too, finding little more than a collection of people who seemed intent on serving their king and their community.
Behind him, several Chitauri were thrown backward by the beam.
it apparently hadn't gone down well the first time.
Steve nodded his approval.
Perfect segue.
Bruce shrugged. “The same way we would approach any other war - build
Strange glanced up from his book with an unmasked look of annoyance, lowering the goblet of wine he had just raised to his lips. Tony was glaring at him, elbows braced on either side of the meal he still hadn’t touched, face grey from the effort of having gotten out of bed so soon. “How, what? Use your words.”
(Thanks to my amazing betas Dragonlover44 and HadesPuppy for being so helpful and patient!)
.” He screwed the page into a ball and tossed it at the bin on the other side of the room. He missed. “Why don’t you go and keep trying to figure out the cosmos, or… whatever it is you do. Stay in your lane, as it were?”
The throne room hadn’t been this packed in
Tony cleared his throat and stood, but Hammer flew to his feet. “Now, your majesty, I understand that you’re interested in having new weapons for the upcoming, uh, war, as it were, and I would like to make it clear that the Academy holds a great many academic minds who are more than capable of developing exactly what Marvel needs. Surely you think we are more trustworthy than
“Of course you do,” Tony replies. “I’m
The battleground was in chaos.
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn’t have much time.
“No, I swore I would put it in the safest place I knew of. I also swore I would protect Marvel after your death. It’s obviously safest with you, and you protect Marvel like your life depends on it. I’ve killed two birds with one stone and absolved myself of any ongoing responsibility.” Tony stared at him, stunned momentarily out of his anger. Strange took a sip of his wine. “Elegant, yes?”
It was lonely. He didn’t know what lonely was, but this was loneliness, and he did not like it.
For a moment it was something like heaven. The man relaxed, sighed, and Anthony pulled back to look at him.
“It’s 9 am.”
But Tony was dead, and Steve had killed him, and the quiet life he’d once craved seemed unbearable.
All of it fell back to him. He could see in Bruce’s eyes that he accepted that, even if he wished it weren’t true. He broke away to pick up one of his notebooks, trying to appear unconcerned.
The tone was odd, but Steve was too busy looking for his belt to notice. He found it under the window, next to Tony’s shoes; he tossed one, and laughed at the offended yelp he earned when it bounced off Tony’s shoulder. “Get up! You’ve got things to invent, surely-”
He had to stop himself from calling instructions to a teammate who wasn’t there.
“In a way.”
Steve lost himself in a half-asleep daze, stroking Tony’s shoulder with a thumb and watching as the clouds through the eastern window were gradually gilded with sunlight. The colours of the room around them, faded with age and lack of care, slowly crept back into view.
This time Steve was careful to face Clint and shape his words clearly. “You didn’t say anything.”
Steve didn’t look away from the stars as Bucky joined him on the kitchen step, but he took the hot chocolate the prince - the
“I should have known you couldn’t be trusted,” Steve hissed. He wrenched the sword from Tony’s back and Tony swayed on his feet, his breath hitching as he slumped to his knees. He looked down to find blood already running down the front of his armour.
“You remembered yesterday.”
“Marvel needs you.”
The best thing, though, was that to study them, she could justifiably keep any kind of schedule she liked, in order to avoid the very people she hated.
- Steve watched the shield fly, focused and determined, imagining the target was Stane’s head. He was ready for it to fall uselessly to the ground after it hit, as it had the hundreds of times he’d practised this before had died.
. But.” He pressed his hands onto Bruce’s shoulders, gave them a squeeze. “This is my fault, Bruce.”
“Name?”
“Tony?”
p.s: This is literally the longest fic (Or anything really) that I've ever written.
Bucky’s heat beside him, his companionable silence, felt both familiar and achingly different.
The angel became faintly aware of shouting. When it concentrated hard, the angel realised there were things moving in front of him. Making noises. Saying something, though he had to strain to hear it.
Tony staggered, swaying on his feet, as he carefully took the device from the ground. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. “I’m so sorry.” Then he turned and left, feeling the burn of magic overwhelming him, filling his chest, taking over what was left of the reactor itself.
Please send help.
Tony thought very hard, and a memory appeared, sharp and clear and somehow painful. He remembered a location, a place he had been to before, an object that he thought would solve everything, and it was that place that he thought of as he finally leant forward and brushed stone lips against soft ones. He let a hand caress the man’s neck; let a thumb brush along the man’s jaw; set a palm to rest under his ear, where it fit like it was meant to be there.
Steve cleared his throat, awkwardly casting about for something to say. “I’m really sorry”, he settled on, ducking his head and pretending to wipe down the counter. He stopped. “It was wrong, and kinda stalker-y, and-“
They worked flawlessly together. Every time Tony turned to face another group of Chitauri Steve’s shield was raised, perfectly positioned as a mirror and focus for his beams. When Steve moved to combat a new foe, Tony moved with him and defended his back. Every blow was perfectly timed; every turn like a dance that they had orchestrated together.
By the time Bucky was led back in, mouth set once again in a grim line, Carol had confirmed to the public that the device seemed to measure magic as accurately as claimed. It seemed that all involved - including the witnesses, Steve was surprised to hear - had agreed that if Bucky’s reading matched his records, he would be declared innocent.
Tony scoffed and looked away, eyes glistening in the flickering light of the fire. “He has been hunting Iron Man for years, Strange. And now he’s found out that Iron Man, the famous mass murderer and person responsible for his best friend’s death, is the very same person he has been spending the night with on a regular basis. If nothing else he has a responsibility
He found he could create a reasonable enough disguise, provided nobody looked too closely. He let his beard grow out and magically darkened his skin. He rearranged the shape of his nose and tried to change the colour of his eyes before his strength wore out and everything reverted to its natural state.
Something was digging into Steve’s chest, where Tony was pressed against him. He wasn’t entirely sure what it was, but he had to assume it was something to do with the lines that crossed Tony’s chest. A device of some kind, he was sure. He puzzled over the thought, frowning, his nose tucked into Tony’s hair and arms snaking around him to pull them closer together.
He had blue eyes, but Anthony could tell that they had recently been crying. He could see dark shadows under them, which spoke of a lack of sleep.
He could see the artefact in his mind. Exactly what it looked like, and the dilapidated place in the middle of the wilderness where it was housed. Some part of him could sense exactly where it was in relation to himself, though the journey to reach it would be long.
If he imagined Tony lying in the bed next to him - well, it’s not like anybody else could judge him for it, if they didn’t know. Right?
Bruce raised his eyebrows. “You like him? As in,
Steve shook his head, his smile wry and fond. “He might be a little eccentric sometimes, but he’s one of the best men I know.”
Tony hummed in sympathetic agreement, but his attention was drawn back to the notes in front of him. He scanned the top page and flipped to the next one, vaguely aware that she’d slumped back into her chair with a defeated sigh. “Always convinced he’s smarter than everybody who enters the Academy’s doors-” he glanced up, his gaze serious. “- though I suspect he barely holds up against the amphibian specimens down in the lab, let alone against yourself.” He glanced back at the paper in his hand and frowned, scanning the next page. “Your mind is worth a good deal more than his.”
He needed to be above the city again. He needed to feel the wind on his face, and see the city laid out below them like a galaxy stretching below them. He needed to see the rivers of headlights as they wove between buildings, he needed to feel that moment of freefall he so desperately craved.
Bruce gave him an odd look, crouching to fish the dustpan and broom from their place under the counter. “He said he liked being your muse, or something.” Bruce took in Steve’s quickly reddening face with an amused smirk. “Are you dating him?”
pleased to see that the skin there was the same honey-gold colour as the rest of him.
Steve doesn’t let him finish; he crashes their lips together, a disaster of lips and teeth and twin grins pressed against each other, and as laughter bubbles up his throat to join his team’s all he can think is that the kiss is utterly
“What do you-”
Tony slammed into the ground beside him, dodged the reflexive blow from Steve’s shield, and reflected a beam of magic off its surface.
I hate exposition, but until I get around to actually writing the backstories and other worldbuilding stuff I have planned, that bit at the end will just have to do. Luckily, there’s a reason this fic is the first in a series.
, and watched Steve be thrown across the battlefield into what had once been an innocent hay stack.
She took the acknowledgement in stride, tugging her hair back into a ponytail. She tied it off and slumped against the back of her chair, already feeling the pull of her bed upstairs, and growled at the mess of paper Tony was now scanning with interest. “My notes on the Chitauri,” she explained, finally reaching forward to straighten the pages and begin putting them back in order. “I’ve been researching them, spending nights in the stacks, and I’m
Steve knew his secret.
Bucky looked up at the woman, his expression wretched, and opened his mouth as though to say something - but the woman was resolutely not looking at him, so he closed it again and looked away.
Tony frowned and flipped through the notebook, stopping at a page with a triumphant cheer. “I KNEW I STILL HAD THESE NOTES.”
“He’s gonna have to go to trial, right? People are going to be worried that he’s, I dunno, still the Winter Soldier. We can’t have that. He should be King! So I have this idea, it’s a brilliant idea, well it’s actually JANE’s idea, god she’s brilliant-”
“What he means to say-” someone interrupted. The crowd startled and turned as one to find Stephen Strange stalking toward the front of the room, expression stern and fixed on the prince. “- is that he is innocent. So sorry I’m late. Last minute preparations, you know.” He paused, taking in the woman, and his face softened slightly. “I’m deeply sorry for your loss.”
“Something like that.”
He put it back in, and threw another handful of seeds, and told himself that he wasn’t angry at Stark for giving him something and taking it away without warning. That all his pain came from Tony’s death.
“I can spell,” the man cut him off before his face fell to finally show a new emotion, and that tired sadness was worse than the man’s usual cutting words. He rose from his seat and grabbed a stack of papers. “I have signed more of these condolence letters today than I care to count, but the name does sound familiar. I’m sorry.”
The others made small talk as Steve, now assisted by Sam, finished with breakfast. Bucky watched and listened from his place in the middle of the room, halfway to Steve and halfway from them. It was a good vantage point, but he also realized that it was probably rude.
“I can’t believe it.” Steve said thickly. “Japan attacked us. We’re not even at war with them!” His small body was shaking with the weight of what he was feeling.
Anyway, he’d meant what he said. He just wanted to put the whole thing past them and focus on their new relationship.
“I liked the beard,” Bucky said, and since he’d already drawn all of their attention to him, he might as well finish what he’d been thinking. “It made him look rugged, handsome.” Fuck them if they didn’t like his opinion. He knew Steve agreed with him.
It was warm, comfortable. Perfect.
“I hope it’s soon,” Steve said. “I miss being able to really touch you. It’s been months.”
“We usually push the beds together and share body heat.” He answered, flushed with nerves and waiting for Tony’s reaction.
Tony took some deep breaths in an effort to calm himself. “I’m sorry,” Tony told him, wishing he could say more, but he had to hold back the words. They weren’t alone, and Tony was obligated to act like Steve was just his friend. “Steve, I’m sorry, but you know how much I hate being in the hospital, and this is all unnecessary. I’m not going to deny that I got knocked out and banged up, but I
“It really is.” Steve agreed. “Tony, I…I don’t think I can do this. I know I agreed, and you said it wouldn’t be forever, but I feel like an idiot. I know it will be worse when I put on that outfit they want me wear and have to do this in front of an audience.”
Steve confidently walked up to him and gently tugged on his tie as he put his mouth next to Tony’s ear. “We were thinkin’ of this all day,” he breathed against Tony’s skin as his other hand rubbed along Tony’s pec. “We wanted to celebrate and thank you for takin’ care of everything while Bucky found his job. Then you had to go and make tonight even better.”
He slowly sank to knees, trying to fight off the panic that threatened him.
“You coddle him, and you know it.” Steve said dryly then added. “You can’t resist his begging. You might top, but he owns you.”
Of course, Tony accepted. He really hadn’t had much choice. How many challenges was he actually faced with when it came to his work? You know, besides handsy housewives. So the next day, Tony made the trip to Queens and after over three hours and a trip to the hardware store, Tony had finally fixed the problem. He closed the panel of the machine and hit the power, hearing it churn to life, and Tony clapped his hands once in victory.
“Sir, yes, sir.” Tony saluted, and swear to God, Philips eyes almost rolled at that before he walked away.
Tony taunted him with that cocky smile he wore so well. Telling Joe he’d wake in up in that alley because an old queer had kicked their asses. Even in Bucky’s panic for Tony, his mind latched onto that because Tony wasn’t really calling himself that, right? He couldn’t mean it. He was just trying to piss Joe off.
of the hospital. In some weird way, it comforted him to feel every ache and pain as he moved and see the bruising that covered a lot of his skin, including his face. It at least proved that he was still somewhat human as well as demonstrated that yes, he was injured, but not as injured as the doctors had believed. He would be more than happy to rest at home with Steve.
Please don't hate me for Bucky. He is my sweet cinnamon roll, and I love him dearly (possibly the most), but he has lived his life uninformed of certain things like sexual preferences and kinks. Steve doesn't know about these things either, but in typical Steve fashion, he will do anything for Bucky to be happy.
Tony just sighed. “Right. OK,” he looked up at Steve, “I’m going to go see if I can help with any of the wounded. I’m not a doctor, but I know enough to help the medics, and I have a few supplies that they might need.”
Steve smiled kindly. He was always so kind. “Our dinner, did you enjoy it?”
“Oh my God, Steve,” Tony breathed out, “this is porn!” His eyes darted from the sketch to Steve’s deep pink face and back several times, trying to reconcile the picture with the artist.
” the voice almost shouted. “
Tony couldn’t believe how quickly time was moving now that they knew Bucky was leaving. It felt like precious moments were slipping through his fingers, and he just couldn’t grab hold of anything. He tried not to show it. He wanted the last couple of weeks they had together to be good ones. He didn’t want Bucky worrying about him and Steve when he went away.
Francesco’s solemn expression had never wavered as he’d promised because Tony, Steve and Bucky were family, and they would protect what belonged to family.
It worked. Clint seemed to choke on his own spit, shaking his no as he tried to breathe.
Steve’s head jerked in surprise to the ceiling in a thoughtless habit. Tony had repeatedly told them that JARVIS was everywhere, not in the ceiling. Why would Bucky be in Tony’s workshop?
Byrne’s face immediately fell and began to pale. “I don’t know what…”
I just want you to keep in mind that this would be the climate that Tony and the boys are living in. Constant updates about the destruction, the loss and the war that is now here.
“Some manners? Tony, you…you clobbered them. I’ve never seen anyone fight like that. The things you did…”
“Mrs. Ryan,” Steve answered looking impressed. “You figured out a case of adultery from that?”
Steve ran his hands through Bucky’s hair and grabbed a fistful in each to hold him steady. He kept his hips still, waiting for Tony to set the pace and push Bucky deeper.
Tony felt another tear roll down his cheek as he worked his throat around Bucky. He was theirs, body and soul. It was all he could think as he let himself go, focusing only on the words being spoken and the sensations running through him.
“I’m afraid that is correct, Captain.” JARVIS apologized. “Since they, and every associated record, would have been changed at that time.”
Steve’s knife paused for a moment in surprise before he resumed his work. “You’d want to help?”
“Degenerates,” the man spat out. “Diseased.”
The weather stayed cold over the next few days, but didn’t reach the freezing temperatures they’d had for Thanksgiving. Tony had woken the next morning feeling embarrassed over his melodrama from the night before, but Steve and Bucky had said nothing about it upon waking. They’d smiled and talked like they usually did over breakfast, letting the subject rest and giving Tony the peace he’d needed to recover from the emotional event.
“He’s my best friend and roommate. He’s always putting me back together.”
“It’s your turkey, Tony. You should carve.” Steve nodded in agreement.
***Steve’s POV***
Steve choked at Tony’s colorful description. Bucky kept hearing the phrase “smack my ass” run through his head and shivered. He’d been surprised when Tony had done that. He’d been even more surprised by how much he liked it. He definitely wanted to try it again. Impact play?
“Alright,” Steve sighed as he ran a hand through his already disheveled hair. “We got up to the apartment, and she practically jumped on me.” He flushed red again as he continued, “Before I knew it, she’d pushed me down onto the couch and was nearly on top of me. Kissing and running her fingers in my hair and down my arms.
Bucky looked at him with complete detachment. “No, my past self chuckled. I just relived it as I repeated the words.”
“Just an idea I’ve been toying around with,” Tony answered. “It’s not finished, and I don’t know if it will be. It’s fun to tinker, though.”
“Then she don’t deserve you.” Bucky said seriously. “You said you were feeling better so we’re going out. You’re not gonna hide in this apartment.”
Steve nodded as he handed Barnes the second glass of juice. Both silently emptied their glasses before he continued. “I really liked
“It wasn’t enough that yours was technically the longest already?” Tony teased with a smile. “You had to add a couple inches and some girth?”
“I’m here with Cap,” Tony had told him. “Someone had to have his back after Rebirth, and he was forgotten about.”
“I did! And it was much better than the last time I tried at lunch. I made sure they sent up extra utensils and drinks. I still shattered a glass and bent a fork, but I was ready for the glass and drank over a garbage can, so I didn’t make a mess. I was able to bend the fork back. You can hardly tell it was damaged.”
Tony could readily admit to himself that his actions in having sex with Steve that first time since Rebirth had been reckless, but he hadn’t regretted it. Yes, he had been severely bruised. He
Tony may have always hated paperwork, but that didn’t mean he didn’t know how to make it work to his advantage. This was why he hated it. It was a reminder that people couldn’t be trusted at their word and would eventually try to screw you over if it worked in their favor.
Howard interrupted the moment. “Agent Carter? If we’re not in too much of a hurry, I thought we could stop off in Lucerne for a late-night fondue?”
His body…
story. The pain and anger of his gathered friends galvanized Tony. This was real, and it was only the beginning.
“Yeah, I found him in a tunnel. He’d been shot several times. He saved my life, told me not to waste it.” He scrubbed his eyes. “God, my face keeps leaking! He, he saved me and…”
If the other guys thought it was odd that the three of them were sharing a hotel suite, they hadn’t mentioned it as far as he knew. Granted, the suite did have three rooms, so it wasn’t all that crazy. Truthfully, he suspected that his friends just thought that Tony and Steve had wanted to keep an eye on him after being used as a lab rat, especially since none of them knew what they’d been injecting Bucky with. Bucky didn’t think he wanted to know, and as long as he continued to get better, he didn’t care if he found out. He’d still catch the other men’s eyes on him sometimes as if they still worried, but he chose to ignore it and just be grateful they cared.
Steve’s pace began to pick up as the resulting friction only served to make him crave more. Tony was mesmerized watching his thick length stretch Steve open and feeling the tight heat that squeezed at him. “Ahh, so good, sir.” Steve moaned as he fucked back harder. “So thick.”
God that man was amazing. He’d protected them. Again. Bucky didn’t know if he should be more upset at the thought that Tony essentially admitted he would have disposed of Byrne if it had come down to it. Probably, his mind supplied, but when he thought of the alternative, the harsh action didn’t seem that extreme. Especially when he thought of how Tony had put it. If it’s them or me, it will be them.
“Planning it?” Tony asked a little breathlessly. Based on their talk last night, Tony’s list of possibilities grew smaller as the thought registered that Steve had planned something. It certainly took a great deal of control from Tony if that was the case.
He could see how hard Bucky was trying to deal with what he remembered, the good and bad. He was trying to find something worthwhile in the horror and confusion. Bucky used to have this sense of wonder about him, all the way back to when they were kids. He’d looked forward to the future, to all of the possibilities it could bring.
Tony looked down. “You’re beautiful, Steve.”
Steve and Sam sat down, and everyone began piling their plates with food and murmuring their thanks to the cooks.
Bucky laughed lightly. “Yeah, pretty much, Dum. I told you he was a character.”
“The footage was first taken in the Italian front on January 4, 1944.” JARVIS replied.
Just as he stuck out his tongue to lightly lick at Steve’s rim, he felt Bucky release him from his mouth and move lower. As Steve gasped at the new feeling of Tony teasing at his ass, Tony had to hold in a gasp of his own when he felt Bucky’s tongue begin to do the same to him. He needed to focus on Steve.
Tony shrugged again, trying to act nonchalant. “It was pretty bad,” he conceded, “but not beyond repair.”
Now, the only sounds in the room were their two heartbeats and their breathing. Bucky’s was still labored and raw. Steve’s was steadier beside him.
He looked up from the apples and saw a young woman looking back at him. Her soft red lips turned up into a smile. Dark blonde curls fell around her shoulders, the color complimented by the green dress she wore. A dress that matched her eyes. Tony realized she’d mistaken his smirk as a friendly smile.
“You sound angry, my Queen.”
“Don’t be like that, Jones. I got a lot to…”
Tony shook himself and agreed with the Cap so he refilled his lurid ‘Buttercup with bedhead’ coffee mug (Seriously Thor?) and took a long drink.
“He told me ‘Hi’ first,” Steve said because of course the little shit would say something like that.
“Don’t make me promises,” Steve told him, cutting through Tony’s assurances. “Don’t just say you won’t leave. You’re already in the army, and even though you keep telling me it’s just a few days of consulting here and there, we both know that could change. All they have to do is tell you to pack, and you’ll have to leave. I’ll be here alone and still trying to enlist.”
“I’d heard he was having trouble with a piece of his machinery from a neighbor who is a technician, but he seemed to think the problem was beyond repair.” The older man’s eyes were scrutinizing him again.
After a few more minutes, his fingers were gliding into Steve’s open hole without resistance. The blonde and Bucky both were outright begging him for more, moaning and gasping at each brush of their prostate, each time someone’s fingers went just a little bit deeper or drove in a little bit harder.
He wrapped his hand around Steve’s leaking cock and began stroking him quickly. “Always,” he promised, “Always, love you two so much. Fucking need you. You’re mine, always. Come for me, come now!”
And it was, it really was. “But Bucky and I don’t die. I mean, we didn’t die.” No, Steve had just been frozen for seventy years, and Bucky spent the majority of those same years in cryostasis, when he wasn’t being tortured and made to kill people. “He’ll be trapped there, alone, for decades until he dies.”
Steve leaned over Tony’s head to kiss Bucky’s cheek again and murmured. “Your daddy wants to be used, love. You gonna make him happy?”
Steve nodded. “I’m good now. I shoulda known better.” Shaking his head, “The cold air wasn’t doing me any favors, and then I let myself get worked up on my way home.”
he thought.
“Haven’t I always?” Bucky asked before looking sad. “Are you gonna have to leave now, Tony? I’m pretty sure Steve’s days in the USO are over, and you’re a civilian. I don’t want you in danger, but I don’t want you to go.”
“Well, that’s good then,” Steve said as he looked up to meet his eyes. “I won’t bother with cooking since I won’t know when you’ll be home. We can go out to eat or somethin’.”
No one would believe he’d need a shelter or a soup kitchen.
He wondered if Steve wanted to have his relationship with Tony again once the older man returned. That thought made Bucky pause. Was Tony still older than them? Bucky guessed that depended on how long Tony’s been in the past. Their minds were still getting new memories of the events so Bucky knew time was moving for Tony. Still, he wondered about Steve and the other man. What would it be like to watch them as a couple?
It’s not that Bucky didn’t care about Steve because he did, at least as much as he was able to. He just couldn’t remember
They left the tent as Steve heard Phillips snap angrily at Agent Carter to keep something to herself.
He and his date made it out to the dance floor not long after, and he got to put his dance lessons from Bucky to use for the first time. It was really kind of fun. One song turned into two, then three and before he knew it, two hours had come and gone. He and Bucky had even traded for a couple of songs to keep things lively before they’d jokingly cut in to get back their dancing partner.
It had been told about JARVIS, the tower’s handler, and how efficient he was. They were correct because soon a hologram of its arm appeared near the table.
“Please, sir,” Steve begged. “Please, fuck me.”
“You do?” Bucky asked, surprised.
All their affairs were now in order. Tony had done the best he could to prepare for a future he desperately wanted them to see. It was time to move forward.
Steve answered by flicking dishwater at him. James, not ducking in time to avoid getting wet, responded by throwing a rag from the table at his face.
Steve grunted. “We didn’t know, and he didn’t tell us. God, but it makes so much sense now.”
Steve had spoken his usual words, claiming Bucky and teasing at the thought that Steve would use him in front of others. It could never happen, but it was always fun to pretend. Then, Steve had mentioned Tony catching them, watching them. The effect was immediate. Bucky’s eyes had almost gone black before they rolled back, and he moaned around Steve.
“That was not wise of him to involve you, mortal.” Her eyes narrowed as she sneered, “If Clea’s husband believed you could aid him, he is a bigger fool than I imagined.”
Louise apparently knew Steve’s date (Ann she’d called her), and the two of them spent a few minutes catching up. Tony tuned out their conversation in favor of watching Steve. He was hunched in and looked tired but resigned. Tony nudged him with his shoulder.
Bucky shrugged. “Nothing, just…this suits you, ya know? You’re good at this, Steve.”
Steve went to do his signature ‘rub the back of his neck because he’s uncomfortable’ move and winced.
From a back room, Michael O’Shea popped his head out. “It’s nothing, Tony! Thank you for fixing that lighting problem on short notice. I got a good band comin’ in tonight, and I kinda need people to see them on the stage.”
This was what war was. If you wanted to survive, to win, then you had to pull the trigger.
Bucky just nodded, still looking at his juice as conversation began to resume. He couldn’t say why it was so hard around the others still. He knew they were good people. He knew they wouldn’t hurt him. He knew on some level they wanted to help him. But…
Like the other soldiers, he was dressed in his uniform, and Tony’s breath caught. He looked stunning in his olive green dress uniform. He also looked tired, that is until he finally saw Tony and Steve waiting for him and waving. Bucky’s face broke into a big smile, and he walked faster to meet them.
he figured from the looks on their faces. He actually saw fear there. They were afraid of him, and a large part of himself couldn’t blame them for that. Tony knew he was capable of violence. Iron Man came with a certain amount of violence, both done to and done by him. But this wasn’t Iron Man fighting, this was Tony being brutal because these men happened to be there and had earned Tony’s anger.
“I don’t know, some kraut prison is what the guy said,” Dugan told him as he nodded his head over his shoulder behind him. “I woke up ‘bout twenty minutes ago, I guess. I don’t know how long we were out or where we are. I saw McKinnon and Platt from the 107th in another cage, and Jones is here, too.”
“I told him, ‘Life’s too short to be eatin’ boiled eggs and cabbage all the time. You need to learn to do better by your Ma, Stevie. If you’re gonna boil something, boil pasta and learn to make some damn sauce. It’s just tomatoes, salt and pepper.’ He started askin’ his ma for recipes after that. I think she was grateful for the change in cooking technique to be honest.”
queer? If you want to identify as that, then you can. But not in that tone.  There are a lot of people who don’t fall into the role that this society says they should, but there is nothing shameful about it.”
Tony couldn’t keep up with his emotions. Relief, gratitude, exhaustion, awe. He finally settled on hungry. “That sounds wonderful. Thank you.”
So, they would ask about Bucky. It wasn’t like he was the only one worried. Steve also wanted to hear about Bucky’s whereabouts. He wanted to make sure he was safe, or as safe as he could be in this place. What if Tony was right…?
Tony seethed internally, but held his tongue. He was here for one reason, and one reason only: Steve. Everything else was irrelevant, especially Howard.
Howard had smirked, “I know. Good day, Anthony.”
***Avenger’s Tower, Communal Kitchen***
Tony gave his date a friendly, but mostly chaste kiss as other couples around them did the same. He looked over to search for Steve only to find an empty table. Turning his head to scan around the room, he couldn’t find him anywhere.
Slowly, he opened his eyes. He was in an alley. A very dirty, dingy alley that was probably ruining his favorite suit. He noticed clothes hanging from lines strung across the gap between the buildings. He could hear kids yelling at each other playfully, the passing traffic blowing the occasional horn that didn’t sound quite right.
“Eight pagers.” James added, helpfully. “He makes decent money when they sell.”
From beside him Steve dimly heard Bucky say, “This really was the Devil’s basement. What the hell did that to him?” But Steve didn’t have time to think on that because the men were now walking to a door, intent to escape now that Steve and the others were trapped. Cowards.
Tony broke in, “I’m gonna stop you right there, James, because yes, I did. You took me into your home when you had no reason to. You fed me and made me feel welcome. I don’t need that suit. I don’t have a job anymore, and who knows how long it will take to find one. I’m a grown man and am not going to bum on your couch and eat your food, especially when Steve wouldn’t even let me do the dishes.”
“I’ll bet you a ten check-note it is,” Bucky grumbled.
Tony feigned ignorance. “It’s a rough neighborhood, Steve. People get hurt all the time. Especially people who go looking for trouble.”
“Knock, Knock,” Tony whispered as he motioned to Steve, who nodded and tapped to get the guard’s attention. When the door opened, Steve quickly knocked the man unconscious.
Steve was ready to beg. “Please, sir,” he choked as Tony pressed a little harder but still didn’t enter him. “Please…”
But before he could worry if that was too much, he saw Bucky’s cock jerk between his open legs, and he answered, “Yes, sir.”
...holding it like a shield before he got decked again. Great, now his lip was bleeding.
“What do ya think you’re doing?” The man all but yelled. “Get the hell out of my apartment, or I’ll call for the police!”
He set down the spoon and turned off the fire beneath his boiling potatoes. “Please eat. I’m so out of my element here you have to meet me half way and act normal.”
“How wide was the event, JARVIS?” Steve asked beside him.
“Fuck,” Bucky groaned, nodding desperately, “yes, Stevie. Please.” And opened his mouth for Steve, readying himself, as Steve slid past his lips.
“He’s still Steve,” Tony reminded him as he carded his fingers through Bucky’s now clean hair. Tony could remember how wonderful it had felt to finally be clean after his months in the cave, and he knew Bucky and the other men had felt the same. “His body is different, sure, but he’s still Steve.”
“I’m the leader, Bucky.” Steve corrected as his eyes watered under the weight of everything he’d held back. “
Steve was back to packing his bag and barely spared her a glance as he answered, “If that’s what it takes.”
“Well, whatever they say, I hope it’s naughty.” Tony grinned wickedly and winked at him.
“The woman who helps run the center had seen me at the dance hall when I’d go out.” Bucky finished. “And she said she’d been impressed cuz I was very good, and they’d needed a guy to help with their lessons so she’s gonna give me a chance.”
Bucky shrugged, looking slightly puzzled. “Well, he is.” He said as if it was obvious. “And there is no corpse, so he might be alive.”
They all looked accusingly at Steve and Bucky, waiting for an explanation. Bucky was confused by their behavior, and it took him a few moments to realize what had happened. He and Steve had gotten so used to the new memories constantly being pushed into their minds and hadn’t paid the new ones much thought because they’d been focusing on the discussion. When Bucky thought about the newest memories, he realized what Clint was asking about.
America was a country born through war. It was the foundation on which it was built. When thirteen colonies decided that they’d had enough and pushed back to claim their right to rule themselves, that way of thinking had carried on through the generations and created a strong sense of patriotism. Tony should know; his family had made a fortune from it, a literal fortune.
“Fair enough,” he answered.
Umar.
“Yes,” Steve said without hesitation as he looked him straight in the face, daring him to comment further on it.
Falsworth, complete with red hat, asked, “I beg your pardon?”
“It was nothin’ special.” Bucky shrugged loosely. They were all feeling pretty relaxed by this point. “It’s pretty easy to talk Charlie into anything once you get to know him.”
Was Tony laying it on a little thick? Maybe. Was he doing this to fuck with Howard? Definitely.
“Absurdly sweet?”
“I never wanted you to be a secret.” Steve said kindly. “I hated having to keep what we had a secret, and now I don’t care if the whole world knows.” He saw Steve turn his head to the side. “I’ve been in love with Bucky since I was fifteen, and we were lovers for over ten years before I went into the ice. Anyone have a problem with that?”
Tony looked down to his black Armani boxer briefs. Yeah, he hadn’t thought about that. “Fashion’s a little different on the west coast,” he answered ambivalently.
“You’re taking me so well, honey, so tight and hot around me.” Tony grunted as he felt Bucky clench again. “Your fucking perfect.”
“I know most of the soldiers don’t like me, Tony, and when I see myself in this get-up, I can’t really blame them, but it might not be so bad.” Steve said as he looked to the stage entrance. “At least, I hope so, but no matter what we’ll still ask for news about Bucky after, alright?”
Bucky bit his lip and nodded. “Yeah, I don’t…I don’t like to be in charge.”
“Well yeah. That and Byrne is one of the few men stupid enough to fool around with the butcher’s wife.”
“I heard you, Steve.” Bucky said, talking over him. “I listened to every word you said so now, you’re gonna listen to me. Give yourself a break, Rogers! You are not God! You can’t control everything, and you can’t fix everything no matter how hard you try! Life has been knocking your ass to the ground since you were born, but you’ve always gotten back up, so you don’t get to think that about yourself! Do you not realize how fucked up your life is? ‘Cause I do. I know this because I’m one of the few people on the planet who could compete with you on how much life has shit on them. It’s a fuckin’ miracle we’re still here and trying to keep it together because it would be a hell of a lot easier to just eat a bullet.”
Another moan was all that answered.
Bucky chuckled at that, looking at the blonde. Steve smiled softly before he slowly wrapped him up in his arms. This was the first time he’d been able to hold Bucky like this, and while it was different, he didn’t find it unpleasant. Steve still smelled the same, and the way he gently kissed Bucky’s forehead then lips before pulling away matched every memory Bucky had of him doing that over the years. Bucky looked up into Steve’s face and knew Tony had been right. This was still Steve. His doll was only bigger now. The core of him hadn’t changed. Bucky wondered how long it would take before this war really started to change him the way it had changed Bucky.
That was OK, though, because right now in this shabby little kitchen of their too small apartment, they had each other. They were family. And Tony’s mind flickered to images of the Grinch’s heart growing three sizes, and Tiny Tim’s squeaky voice saying “God bless us, everyone.”
t different, but…I’m glad you feel the same and remembered that about those girls. I spent a good chunk of last night thinkin’ there was even more wrong with me than I’d thought.”
“So that’s how it feels to punch someone’s light out,” Steve quietly said as he dragged the body into a small room behind them. Technically, he was right since until now, he’d used his shield along with his legs to take down the HYDRA soldiers.
Each shock and jolt pulled groans from his Daddy still inside him, but Bucky could barely form sounds as he laid there and opened himself to everything. His blood pumped loudly in his ears, mixing with the quiet buzz of his mind and the sound of breathing. It was all so much, but it was perfect in this moment. He let go of everything and fell further. He sensed the blurred movement above him as it echoed through him. His lack of focus didn’t worry him because he was safe here.
Tony stared at the kind woman before him. “Thank you, Ruth.”
Bucky sighed in relief and gave him a small smile, and Tony felt Steve relax against him as he murmured, “Thank you.”
Tony knew it was unfair of him to blame the poor doctors for this, but he really didn’t have any other option. He couldn’t let them keep him here just to satisfy their curiosity, especially now, it was almost time. Bucky would be home in little more than a week, and he would only be home for a short three weeks before he was shipped out. Tony knew this because he remembered that Bucky left the day after the Stark Expo, and Tony had to be there.
Steve smiled as he put his glass down. “I would be good with that. What about you, Buck?”
Bucky still looked confused. “So why don’t you anymore?”
It felt like Tony’s stomach fell to his feet as the air was stolen from his lungs. It couldn’t…What was the date? It couldn’t be time! How had he not realized? “What?” Was all he could manage to ask.
Tony’s throat closed at the request. Trust Steve to make him choke up over something so simple. Tony had been working almost nonstop. He had work at the hospital, work on their building, work around the city and his consulting job with the SSR. He hadn’t taken a day off in weeks and was coming home later than ever before.
Tony met his eyes and nodded.
“Bonding mark?” Steve asked because what the hell was Thor talking about?
“Did you two do all this?” Bucky panted between them, and Steve was worried at how labored his breathing sounded. They were basically carrying him at this point.
“No one else is going to take it,” Gabe told him. “We’ve all had our share, and that’s yours.”
Later at the party, Tony was chatting with his date. The party was in an event room of a hotel the hospital had reserved. They were sitting at a table and talking about the pros and cons of different car engines, and Tony was impressed. Apparently, her father, uncles and brothers were mechanics and owned their own garage in Flat Bush. His mind kept flashing to Marissa Tomei in
“They wanted me to build weapons .” Their eyes went wide. “I think you both know by now that I made a very valuable captive. I can build
“Come on, Tony,” Steve said as he softly tugged the hand he held, “Let’s get inside. The temperature is dropping, and your hand feels like ice.”
Tony knew he shouldn’t be here in the first place, but that ship had set sail a long time ago. The last thing he wanted was for the history books to say that Anthony Stark was a Howling Commando and have a picture next to his name. This was his way around that, and he saw it as a gift. Him being a Commando would be bad enough, but he was hoping with the beard, the clothes and a different name that most people wouldn’t recognize him.
Bucky’s whole persona was mostly an act every time he left the apartment, and he couldn’t stand the thought of pretending that he and Steve weren’t crazy for the man every day in their own home.
“Steve?” He called as he slipped out of his shoes.
He looked at Bucky, and his good feelings vanished. The brunet looked uncomfortable and anxious? Worried? Whatever he was feeling, it wasn’t what Tony had hoped to see.
I’m only starting to make peace with what has happened to me, to us, but I don’t blame you for any of it. Fuck, without you I’d still be lost. I’d still be a monster. Tony wouldn’t want you blame yourself either.”
“You don’t?” Tony asked in near disbelief.
Tony was furious as he looked across the lab at Howard. They had been arguing all day, but they’d finally reached their boiling point and had been shouting at each other for the past several minutes.
After leaving the tent, Tony heard a whistle followed by Dugan’s voice saying, “He’s got a pair on him, don’t he?”
“Yes, fuck yes, Steve, use me. I wanna feel it. I want to, need to…feel,” was all Tony got out before he went completely pliant in Steve’s lap.
“Will you,” Steve began, “will you have to go away?”
Monty nodded, “The Captain said he’d asked on our behalf to make sure we got the time to rest. He really is quite a decent chap.”
Steve walked backwards to the bed so he could watch Tony get naked. He was so relieved that it didn’t matter to Tony what he looked like. Tony didn’t look at him any differently. He didn’t make a big deal out of Steve’s muscles or height. Tony loved him the same. He’d found both versions of Steve equally attractive. Emotions welled up inside him because it had been there in his mind. Would Tony be happier with this new body?
When Bucky had realized Tony had talked of leaving, he got anxious and angry. Tony couldn’t leave. Did he really think they’d disown him over this? Especially when he’d done it for Steve?
“Um,” Steve looked at him nonplussed, “real good, actually. He bought all eight of them. Three for a check each and five for two each. Tony,” he continued uncertainly, “what are ya doin’?”
Bucky’s voice cracked, sounding almost raw, as he answered. “Fuck, it’s so good, Stevie. Can feel his throat stetchin’ around me. Ahhhh, his hands, it’s driving me crazy.”
Steve smile was well worth the effort. That smile was beauty and comfort and transported Bucky decades into their past to times that had been forgotten, but Bucky could remember some of them now. His Stevie. His doll.
Yep, his new reality wasn’t bad at all, Tony thought as he bounded up the stairs of their building. When he walked into the apartment, he saw the two boys were in their usual seats on the couch and armchair.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was Gabe who finally spoke. “Holy crap, could you adopt me too? Because if you’re serious, then I’m sure as hell saying yes.”
“Which was never explained to me,” Howard interjected, looking frustrated. “I’m the best engineer in the country, and that nearly wasn’t enough to get me here. What the hell is it that makes you so special that you can literally walk in here off the street and into my lab? Where do you get the nerve to tell me that my math could be wrong and my work is incomplete without more testing?”
Tony and Howard called a truce. Let's hope it can last. Tony is absurdly sweet, but we already knew that. Also, that song he sang is one of my favorites to come from that year, Only Forever by Bing Crosby. It technically came out later in the year when this takes place, but I took some liberties because it fit so well with what I needed to do.
Steve watched as she pulled a clear zippered bag from somewhere in that tight black suit of hers, honestly the things that woman carried around on her (where did she even hide them?). She put the phone into the bag before sealing it. “Hopefully JARVIS and Bruce will be able to do something with this.” She said as she finished.
James was down to a thin, white sleeveless undershirt. Lean muscles from hard work corded his arms. He stopped when he noticed that he and Steve weren’t alone. His eyes met Tony’s, and his mind reeled. They were the same shape, the same color, but they were so different from the eyes Tony had been looking into for the past six months. The shadows were gone, along with the haunted look that had so plainly spoken of pain and loss and guilt.
Tony let out a choked sound as he shut his eyes and briefly considered
“Well, we’ve got to get to lab.” Natasha said, subtly giving Steve and him some privacy. “Bruce is probably waiting for us, and we have a resident genius to find.”
James just shrugged. “It was on Steve’s list. I liked Dobby and Luna. Umbridge was hard to read through, that bitch deserved to die. The movies were pretty good, but I don’t like how they changed the final battle between Harry and Voldemort, that they were alone. I liked Harry’s monologue in the great hall being heard by everyone who had fought…”
“Good,” Steve nodded before he said, “It’s gonna be OK, Tony. We’ll get to ride on a ship and visit some countries and maybe entertain some soldiers along way.”
So much irrelevant talking. “I require maintenance.” There. Not difficult. Minimal function to obtain objectives.
“Right.” He said, looking out to them. “We need to get the worst of the wounded seen to. After that, any man who isn’t fit to walk should be loaded into the vehicles we have. The rest of us will just have to walk. Find whatever supplies and gear anyone managed to grab and take inventory. Look in the trucks and tanks as well. We got at least a day’s march ahead of us, so we need to be smart about what we use. I want every man assigned to their own group with a man in charge ready to account for their needs. Find out who we have here and what their skill set is, then assign them accordingly. I don’t want an able-bodied gunner driving a truck. We’ll need teams to flank the trucks with the injured as well as another watching our rear. Once that’s done, we need to move out quickly. There’s thirty miles between us and friendly territory, and I’m not foolish enough to believe the German’s won’t be coming to see what happened to their factory.”
“I’m not Joe Collins, or the assholes like him. Believe me, I get doing what you have to do to survive. Been there.”
“And you remember how I made the reference to him being a bottom and you being a top?” Again they nodded. “Well, the word bottom simply refers to the one usually receiving and to the submission of the person, or like Bucky says, him not being in charge. When you identified as a top last night, Steve, that was you claiming responsibility for Bucky. His pleasure, his mental and physical well-being was in your control and therefore your responsibility.”
Not good enough, Steve thought. He had to know now. He had to help now. “But if you know where they are, why not at least send…”
Bucky just nodded, looking relieved and thankful.
Steve smiled. “Spaghetti’s fine, Tony. I’ll even teach you as we cook so you’ll be able to do it yourself without it taking two hours.”
, Steve thought.
Steve nodded. Yeah, he got how that was. “I’m still sorry.”
Bucky looked disappointed as he answered, “It got off the ground, at least. Too bad it’s not ready yet. That was somethin’ to see.”
“I take that as a compliment.”
me. You
Thus, the team was assembled. It had been a rocky start. All of them had issues. Some more than others, but they dealt with it. Things were going much better than when they’d first worked together and had been about two minutes away from spilling blood. They worked well together, but everyday interaction was a toss-up sometimes. So many variables.
He grabbed Steve’s hand in his remaining one and pulled both of them behind him towards the bedroom.
They had come home on Thanksgiving day. Steve was supposed to stay on bedrest for another day or two, so it was Tony and Bucky who cooked their holiday dinner, Tony decided soup would be best for Steve and followed a recipe he’d been taught by the younger man a few weeks before. Their meal was modest but delicious. The hot soup warmed their chilled bones, and they all sighed as they finished eating.
“Actually,” Tony said, voice hardening, “you can’t treat me without my consent. I do not consent to this. I am of sound mind, and despite what you are trying to say, of sound enough body to decline staying here. Unless you can provide an up to date x-ray image that proves them necessary, you will remove these casts and arrange for my discharge from this medical facility. If you do not do so, Steve will be sent to every lawyer I know and will return with them so that I may formally begin a lawsuit against you and this hospital.”
Steve’s dick had jerked in Bucky’s mouth as he pictured it. Tony’s eyes wide and face flush like it had been the night they’d sat and listened to Bucky screw that girl. He came hard not long after that, talking filth to Bucky and thinking of Tony watching them.
**Bucky**
It was order and chaos rolled into one. Machines that were one of a kind were stationed throughout the large room. Tools Bucky didn’t know the name of were resting on the tops of stainless steel tables. Holographic images of various pieces of technology revolved in midair as scrolling text ran beneath them. Most of them were scientific equations that Bucky couldn’t guess the meanings to.
Steve was at a loss. “I’m not sure I’m following you, Buck. Talk about what?”
“You can see why I allowed you in, now.” Phillips said. “That project was meant to be the future of the war, and I wasn’t going to risk him following through on his threat just to keep you out over identity fraud. I’d just make sure someone kept an eye on you at the facility. In his argument Erskine told me this project was about second chances. He said this was his second chance to use the formula the right way. Then he told me that it didn’t matter who you were before you got those papers. He said you were important and deserved the chance to prove it.”
Eventually, Steve exited the shower. He wrapped a towel around his hips after drying himself and brushed his teeth. As he opened the bathroom door that connected to his rather luxurious bedroom, Steve froze when he saw that he wasn’t alone. Bucky was standing by the doorway to the room, looking uncertain of his presence being welcome.
“I don’t think I’m ready to know what those last few things mean.” Bucky said as Steve nodded in agreement.
The others smiled as they resumed their positions in their cots, and Steve approached Tony. “Colonel Phillips wants to see you, Tony. Yesterday was his exact wording. He’s in the command tent.”
Tony’s Daddy Issues Alarm sounded in his head, and he wondered what to do. Was this socially acceptable in this time? It hardly was in his time, unless the guy was rich, but he wasn’t rich here. He was just Tony Stark, discount repairman.
Tony looked to watch Steve and Bucky. They were transfixed. They sat completely still and were staring at the radio, hardly blinking. Tony wondered about Steve in particular. What was the future Captain America getting from this speech? Was this one of the driving forces that made Steve refuse to accept no as an answer from enlistment offices? No, Tony decided. It may have spurred him on and fueled the outrage he already felt, but Steve was a fiery little punk that didn’t accept anyone’s limitations but his own.
Monty laughed quietly as said, “For which I am grateful.”
Tony’s mask of cool politeness never wavered. His feelings hidden safe behind his carefully constructed features, and why wouldn’t they be? Howard was the first lesson he’d ever had on hiding what he was thinking, what he was feeling. Tony smiled at his childhood abuser. “It’s swell to meet you, Mr. Stark.” He lied effortlessly. “I can’t believe I’m in your lab. This is just amazing! Did you design all of these things yourself?”
Steve just added more lube to Tony’s open hole before he plunged his fingers back inside. Tony jerked, the movement made his throat convulse around Bucky who groaned again. Steve set a punishing pace with his hand, and all the while never touching Tony’s prostate.
“I’m sorry for just coming in here,” Bucky murmured, “I should have asked, but I just…I wanted…” He closed his eyes, looking pained as he forced the words out. “Can I please stay here?”
The sadness in Tony’s eyes deepened. “I hate keeping things from you,” he answered softly, “but I have to. I have to.” His voice was so low that it sounded as if he were talking to himself. Then, Tony’s eyes widened, making him look manic as his hand shot out to grip Steve’s tightly. “You must earn this, Steve. You need to show them how strong you are, how smart and good you are. Make them see what I see. I told you. I told you to prove them wrong. Please!”
was wrong. People walked by in clothes that he’d only seen in old movies and pictures. The cars and trucks on the street were some of the earliest models of the last century. The buildings across the way were dated, but they didn’t look all that old. Brushing off the dust and dirt as he stood to his feet, Tony slowly stepped out onto the sidewalk and sincerely hoped he was having a delayed acid trip from his coffee that morning.
The lyrics repeated themselves, and by the time they’d finished the full song, Steve’s breathing was nearly back to normal.
Well, how ‘bout that?”
The next chapter will post Saturday, and I mean that. I still have a lot of writing to catch up on before I go back and tweak that chapter, the infamous chapter 9. It was truly the most difficult to write by FAR because everything has been building up to it, and I had to do it justice. It was also my first time writing anything like it. Three guesses as to what happens. All I can say is your patience is about to be rewarded. Lord, have mercy.
One of the men lunged at him , and it was so easy to predict his move it was pathetic. Tony blocked the punch with his left arm, twisted his hand to grab the forearm and pulled the guy face first into Tony’s approaching right fist. Once. Twice his arm drew back and reconnected. Blood spattered from the guys nose as he howled.
“Well, that’s definitely something we can do when you feel like taking a step back and watching us together for a while.” Tony agreed. “You could even tell us what to do while you watch, like your own private little show you get to direct. I’d love to follow your orders, beautiful.”
Before Steve knew what he was doing, he’d wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders and held him close. An urge to protect roared inside him as he gently rubbed Tony’s back.
“Ya better listen to him, Stevie. Tony’s even smarter than you are, so you know he’s right.”
Still, it was different now, and for Bucky, maybe Steve could make the effort again. Once they got Tony back, their partner was sure to know someone who would be understanding and discreet. Tony always knew what to do.
by Isaac Asimov. It had been published that year and was a brand new first edition.
The smirk Bucky gave him made his heart stutter. “Impressed, definitely.”
“But I am going to, nonetheless. I’m sensing you’re a stubborn individual, but I promise you, I’m at least, if not more, stubborn than you. So, what do you say we save ourselves some time and start walking?”
“Is there a problem here, gentlemen?” Tony’s mouth finally having decided to start operating again.
“This thing’s pretty handy,” Steve said quietly to himself before he jumped from the truck, and Tony followed him along the side of a building to a yard that was filled with, thankfully, empty tanks and vehicles. Bright beams lit the massive compound as they maneuvered their way between the vehicles before running to the far side where they climbed the outside of a tank to get atop a long building.
As the door flew open and air rushed in, Carter yelled, “Get back here! We’re taking you all the way in!”
“They will undoubtedly shoot back,” she reasoned.
Just as the panic was setting in, Steve’s voice cut through his spiraling thoughts.
“Good evening Mr. Byrne,” Tony smiled as he pushed his way past the man and into the apartment. “You’re looking tired. Long night?”
This was more than Tony expected, more than he could handle. He thought they loved him in spite of his scars, but to know that they thought this…
Steve looked back to men and answered, “Yeah, I’ve knocked out Adolf Hitler over 200 times.”
Two hours later Bucky was laying on one of the large couches in the common area with his head resting on Steve’s lap. The blonde was gently running his fingers through Bucky’s hair, and he was fine with just resting and enjoying the feel of it. He found the contact soothing, something that was both foreign and familiar at the same time.
“I mean, of course I don’t mean it like that. Tony is just so…”
“Do I?” Tony asked belligerently, but he hardly felt that he could be blamed for that. “Because as I said when you came in, I feel
Steve exhaled feeling a blush spread over his face and met his best friends eyes.
Bucky watched as his pupils grew larger before Steve closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths. Bucky belatedly realized why Steve had reacted this way, and he immediately felt guilty for his slip. Why had he said that? He may have joked about it before with Sam, but he knew shouldn’t be reminding Steve of this now. Hell, he probably shouldn’t have even joked about it in the first place.
Tony didn’t care at the moment that she still only had eyes for Steve. He had been counting on her infatuation to last so she could play her part. After that, if he never saw her again, it wouldn’t trouble him in the slightest. She was a good woman that excelled at her job, but her part in this would soon be over, and she would have to give up her crush.
Steve entered the kitchen to find all the Avengers already there in various states of consciousness. Bruce was at the stove making breakfast as he did most mornings. Natasha was eating cereal at the breakfast bar with Clint half asleep at her side eating toast. Tony was by the coffee maker no doubt having just come up from his lab like he did every morning. Thor was sitting across from Natasha, a plate full of pop tarts sitting in front of him.
“Come on, let’s go for a walk.” Tony said, getting up from his seat and slightly stumbling toward the door.
Sam shivered in the cold morning air. He wasn’t in the Air Force anymore, he didn’t need to watch his back anymore. He started jogging again but this time in the direction of home. If you could even call an empty house a home. He was suddenly not in any mood to continue his morning jog.
Bruce remembered life with Betty. She was smart, strong, and beautiful. She was everything Bruce wanted and of course she had his heart. He could still remember the last time he held her hand, looked into her eyes, and the last breath she took.
“It wasn’t that bad.”
“Traitor. At least Steve is on my side, right Cap?” Tony placed his arm around Steve’s shoulders and pulled him to his side.
“Of course sir.” Jarvis replied at the same time Natasha turned with a raised eyebrow and said, “You know that makes you the mother right?”
“Is everything alright?” Jarvis runs in, holding a vase out as a weapon. He pauses by the door, lowering the vase slowly when he sees the scene in front of him. “What happened?”
“Tony?” He looked up to see her approaching him with a worried look on her face. “Are you alright? You’re looking a little pale, come sit down.” She pulled him over to the kitchen table and placed her hand on his forehead. “Tony, what’s wrong?”
“Sorry to bother you again, but-”
“Yes Captain,” the doctor laughed and signed his chart, “you can leave.”
“Peggy.” Steve couldn’t help the smile that spread over his face as he looked at the woman he had once lost. He had never been so happy to see anyone-
Steve turned, deflating a little when he saw Howard, “Welcome back to the land of the living.”
Tony fought an urge to shiver at the words though he didn’t understand why. “Everything is fine, just been a little under the weather.” Tony assured him. “I’ll be good to go by Monday.” He smiled at the older man.
Steve felt his cheeks heat, there was something about the way Tony said his name that always made him agree with the man. “Always.”
He, naturally, doesn’t get a reply and shuts his sketchbook in irritation.
The team let out a group laugh at Tony’s behavior and moved toward the doors. Now that they had arrived and the team was finally together again it was time to relax and enjoy their first vacation as a team.
“Does this have anything to do with Loki? Perhaps the declining relationship with your brother has affected you more than you thought.” Sif seemed to be trying to comfort him, placing her hand on his shoulder reassuringly.
“Yeah, thanks.” Steve replied with a small smile and made his way across the kitchen. “Has Tony left yet?”
A wave of desire overtook Steve and he kissed Tony deeply. “I’d like that.”
Steve chuckled lightly and brought his hand down to tease the head of Tony’s cock with his fingers, earning another moan from the other man.
The look of sincerity in Tony’s eyes made something in Steve’s chest soften. The simple fact that he wasn’t pushing him into anything was more than he had ever asked of his team mate.
“Yes, it was.” Natasha teases as the waitress makes her way over.
“Tony. Tony! Are you ok? Oh god. JARVIS, call for help.” Pepper’s voice sounded far away but he could feel her hands on his shoulders keeping him from falling over.
That didn’t make sense. Tony wasn’t at a Gala he was- having trouble remembering.
“I guess you have a point.” Steve conceded and followed the man out the door.
“What little incident?” Steve asked as he and Sam came into the kitchen.
“Come on Capsicle, you have to learn how to dance.” Tony pleaded as he pulled him into the living room – all furniture had been pushed to the side to make room. “You can’t be the only one who doesn’t participate. Do you know just how much money a dance with Captain America will raise? Besides, Fury expects all the Avengers to attend.”
“Keep it together, Pep.” Tony says with a calm he does not feel. “Who is assigned to the interns?”
“Tony, what- What did you just say?” Pepper asked looking horrified.
Sam’s days are… boring. He isn’t doing anything different at all but everything feels off. His morning runs seem tedious. His meals are too quiet, his workouts are easy, even his downtime is unfulfilling. He’s bored.
really want to piss off the man with all the codes to the house,
He looks around, convinced that Betty will pop out and scare him like she did in his memory- fantasy. It was all just a stupid fantasy. Betty isn’t here.
“Alright, that’s good to hear.” Obie made a move to come further into the house but Tony grabbed his arm and turned him toward the door.
“Welcome to Stark Manor, Cabo Edition!” Tony exclaimed as the team filed out of the limo.
“No mother, I just-”
“Check, please!” Sam calls for the waitress as Steve and Natasha stand.
The question brought Steve back to reality and his smile faltered for a fraction of a second but it was enough for the other man to notice.
Tony willed his friends to understand him, hoping they would support his decision but before either one of them could say anything, the man Tony had been trying to avoid walked through the front door.
“Sir, um, Agent Barton?” She begins to ask but trails off, pointedly staring behind Clint where- Where he can see Nat and a shirtless Sam sparring.
Natasha has always hated carnivals. There is something particularly creepy about people who swindle children that never sat right with her. She’s in a strange carnival in Denver now, and this particular carnival has her on edge. The carnival itself is surrounding a large circus tent that promises acrobats, lion tamers, and, of course, clowns. Her skin should be crawling at the mere thought of being near a carnival let alone completing a job in one. Yet, here she is.
“What do you say, sweetheart?” Hammer asks again with an air of superiority,
Pepper and Rhodey were in the living room eating pizza when he made it upstairs.
“Sure, of course. Come in.”
“Will do, sir.”
“How are you feeling?” Peggy asked as she sat on the cot next to him.
“Sorry I’m late.”
“Where did he go?” A soft female voice asks. Clint can make out two shadows and jumps behind a partition in case they peek inside the tent.
Bruce looks at the sign, realizing that he is at Stark Tower and freezes.
How did Tony Stark get so lucky? His life was great. He may have never imagined his life like this, but he wouldn’t have it any other way.
“Really? Well I’d have to ask Thor to help me out with that one of these days.” Steve remarked in a teasing tone.
“Okay talk.” She demanded as she strode over to where he was going over SI schematics from the last five years.
“No, I do not want to sit next to her. That is not what this is about.”
Steve could see Clint and Bruce already in the quinjet when he arrived, Tony and Thor not far behind.
“Now, tell me what new update were you thinking for my suit? Because there is no way in hell that Sam and Clint are going to have better weapons than I am.”
“Well? Did you get it?” Sam asks, practically bouncing off his seat in excitement, as his friends take a seat in front of him.
“It’s a secret recipe.” Clint grinned, which normally wouldn’t be worrisome except for the fact that they all knew how much Clint loved to pull practical jokes.
, backs straight and wearing serious expressions. “Now if you’ll excuse us. Have a good day gentlemen.”
Take note of the rating change and added tags.
“Long enough to piss off our waitress from the looks of things.” Steve laughs and calls for her to bring the check. The waitress looks frustrated and slightly angry, they were probably making too much noise for her liking.
Clint can see the fallen trainee get up and join the rest of his group as he makes his way down from the rafters. He can tell when they spot him by the way their backs stiffen.
Her phone vibrated on the table across the room. She moved off the businessman’s lap and went to retrieve it.
“Yo.” He nods at Thor, leaning against the door frame. “Movie Night downstairs in 30. Let’s go. We gotta get down there before Tony and Steve sprawl out on the good couch and we get settled with the floor.”
“Good.” Tony smiled into the kiss and sat up, “Come on, let’s go to my room.” Tony helped Steve up and kissed him one last time. “My bed is much bigger.”
“Focus.”
A man.
Rhodey looked just as horrified as Pepper. “Tony, are you sure? Those are some pretty serious accusations you are making.”
“Tony.” Steve moaned into the kiss.
He has several different drawings of this same person back in his room. On canvases, on napkins, sketchbooks, anywhere he can get a pen on paper. He doesn’t intent to draw the man but no matter what the drawings start as, those eyes always end up staring up at Steve.
Once Tony regained his senses enough he pulled out of Steve and threw the condom into the waste basket by the bed. Steve moaned at the loss but allowed the man to stand and pulled Tony down for another kiss when he returned.
When they arrived on scene the Wrecking Crew looked ready for them. Though Steve could see that they clearly out matched the Wrecking Crew, the thugs looked surprisingly at ease and he didn’t like it one bit.
“What brings you here Obie?” Tony asked trying to keep his tone as normal as possible.
“Fine, I can take a hint. I’ll see you Monday, Tony.” Obie gave him on last smirk and walked out the door.
Odin’s words are said with mirth, amusement is still written all over his face, but Thor can tell that there is an edge there too. Meaning, that this can all turn sour if his father doesn’t like the next words out of Thor’s mouth. Thor should shrug and end the conversation there. He should play the part and try to find help somewhere else or try to forget about his dreams.
“Malibu, Tony.” Pepper said after a pause. “We’re in Malibu.”
Tony caught the movement. “Sorry about that. You aren’t too sore are you?” Tony murmured as he moved behind Steve and started rubbing his lower back as he tried to soothe the ache.
“Yes.” Steve groaned. “Very much.” Licking his lips and staring at Tony hungrily. “Now come here so I can show you how much I like it.”
“Come on big guy, let’s go shower and get breakfast.” Tony smiled against Steve’s mouth and climbed off him to get out the bed.
“Right.” Tony knew that.
Thor chuckles and shakes his head. “Last time we won the good couch, Tony practically locked us out of the Tower for a good three days.”
“This, my dear Captain, is Asgardian mead. The drink of warriors!” Thor told Steve, grinning wildly.
“Hey, you didn’t ruin anything. It’s fine, the cup will be paid for and I’ll leave the kid a nice tip and that will be that.” Tony answers, he makes an aborted movement with his arm before pulling it back and staring down at the table. “I – uh, I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable with the whole,” Tony waves his hand in the air, gesturing down at Steve’s hand, “holding your hand.”
“The team and I. Steve. We were trying to save the world from an alien invasion.” Tony stopped himself from continuing when he heard Pepper sigh softly.
“Right. Regardless, Barton needs to be brought in.” Coulson lifts an eyebrow at May, she backs down. Though he can tell they will have words later. “Any more questions?”
Fury sighed and answered with a simple, “Hopefully neither.” Which usually meant he would be providing back up only if it was necessary. “Based on the reports we are dealing with the Wrecking Crew, intel isn’t clear on how many of the actual members are there so you’ll need to keep your eyes open.”
“What?” Steve asked when Peggy called his name.
“My son, come and join us.” Frigga called from the table.
“Phillips.” Steve croaked, coughing to clear his airway. “What-”
“Oh. Yeah that actually sounds like a great idea.”
After a few moments Steve began to rock down on him and Tony nodded, pulling out a fraction of an inch and snapping his hips against him. They moaned in tandem at the movement and Steve nipped at Tony’s lips as the older man began to pound into him.
Today, however, is one of those wonderful days where Pepper is taking it upon herself to attend meetings, fill out paperwork, and get Tony remote access to SI computers, while she lets him hole up in his workshop. Not that he needs her permission to do that, but – but he has it, so today is a wonderful day.
“It’s not for me!” Hammer screams into the phone. “It’s for a friend.”
His chest hurt - it wasn’t a physical pain, more like a deep ache in his soul, if your soul could ache - and his vision was starting to blur, something was seriously wrong.
“I’m glad you like it big guy.” Tony said with a laugh as Thor set him down, then spoke to the team, “Why don’t you all go grab your stuff and head up to your rooms? Jarvis can give you all the tour while I finish setting things up for the party.”
“Alive, no less.” Howard added and Peggy sighed, taking Steve’s hand in her own, smiling up at him.
Bruce sighed heavily, feeling his grief take over. He needed a distraction and some fresh air, anything to take his mind off the loneliness that seemed to plague him these days. He had a desk full of papers that needed grading but they could wait, he was losing control and he had to stay in control. He didn’t want the other guy to come out-
“The others are probably asleep.” Tony replied quickly and stepped closer to Steve, bringing a hand up to cup Steve’s face with a look of determination on his face. “Why’d you stop?”
Natasha looked at the archer and he gave her a reluctant shrug. “’Bout a nine, but what else is new.” Clint was quiet for a few seconds then sighed loudly and sat on the floor with a conflicted look on his face. He took a deep breath before looking up at her from his place on the floor. “Tasha, what happens if it’s a time machine? I mean like one that actually works.” He asked in a low voice.
“First, let me serve us some champagne.” Betty moves to pop open the bottle, laughing ferociously when the top pops up and hits the ceiling.
“Yes, that will be all Ms. Potts, thank you.” Tony replied then spoke to Rhodey. “Come by later?”
“Like I said, looks like it’s just you and me.” He added with a wink.
** Sometimes a bitch be petty, but reasonable. Other times, a bitch is slightly hungover and you really caught her at a bad time.
“Tony. Why aren’t you dressed yet? We are supposed to be downtown in 10 minutes.” Pepper chastised him as he entered the kitchen.
He could in theory go anywhere he wanted but he couldn’t help the nagging feeling that something was wrong, missing even.
Thor didn’t miss the hurt look on Sif’s face at his declaration.
“I heard that.” Steve replied and looked at himself in the mirror. Sure this was how people dressed these days but he still felt naked, the piece of fabric didn’t seem to cover very much. “Are you sure there wasn’t anything else? Something a little longer and with more coverage?”
“He passed away a few years back, didn’t he?” May continues as the team begins to stir behind her. A small twitch in her jaw, the only thing to give away her worry.
“Out of all the towns in this god forsaken country, Phil has to show up to this-” Clint cut himself off.
Steve thought guiltily. “Especially not you.” Steve added with a smile. “I just, well, I’m dealing with some stuff right now and until I figure it out, I rather not share.” Steve confessed in a low voice, ducking his head to avoid looking at Tony.
Tony moaned and tightened his grip on Steve’s waist. “I’d ask how you slept, but I think I already know the answer to that.” He grinned and grinded his hips onto Steve’s.
ok. More than ok, even.” Tony answered, pressing his hips to Steve to show the man just how okay he was with the whole situation. Steve shuddered above him. “I’ve wanted to kiss you for months.”
Thor is just getting started with his theories, if he were anybody else he’d use the word ranting to describe what he was doing. But, a harsh laugh interrupts his thoughts and he stops. He half turns toward the door, half expecting and half hoping Loki was standing there, laughing at him. The doorway is empty. The laugh is coming from his father.
Bruce is not doing well.
After his night with Thor he had never imagined being able to have Tony – sure he hoped that one day it would be possible but it was just that, hope. Steve thought that night had been nothing but a mistake, nothing but a moment of weakness that was probably going to cost him the only thing he ever really wanted in this century. Now, though, Steve couldn’t help but wonder if he would have ever had this – any part of Tony really – without that night. A part of him wondered if he would have ever realized how hard he had fallen for the billionaire if he had never slept with Thor.
“Anything else I can get for you, sir?” She asks Steve and Peggy snorts. The waitress is around Steve’s age, maybe a little younger. Her blond hair is in a loose bun and she is batting her eyelashes at Steve.
Tony was standing by the grill, placing steaks and corn on the burner, arguing with Jarvis about how everyone wanted their food when Steve came down from his room.
He gasped when he felt a slicked finger massaging the puckered skin at his entrance. It was a testament to how lost in pleasure Steve had been that he didn’t even notice when Tony grabbed the lube from where Steve had dropped it on the bed.
“Don’t say it. You’ll jinx it.” Steve answers, suddenly looking nervous.
It was late when they arrived back at the tower. Clint believed it was smarter that the files and schematics they acquired be in the hands of the Avengers rather than S.H.I.E.L.D. and she agreed. If anyone could figure out what was on those papers it would be Bruce, Tony, and Jane. It was just past 3 in the morning and given the Avengers call earlier both men – if not every member in the tower – were probably still awake.
Tony has been back at work for the last few days and has noticed Obie’s minions – as he has taken to call his new interns, secretaries, and a few board members - act secretive around him. They hold secret meetings, try to distract him with R & D, and ask him for more innovations. He doesn’t trust any of them.
Clint finished his little speech by starting the course. If he did a few flips and showed off a bit, it was only because he was letting off some steam. It had nothing to do with the fact that Nat and Sam had been getting all of the attention. Clint was a professional.
“Hey, Cap.” Tony answered without looking at the man. “What are you doing out here? I thought you’d be dancing with that- blonde.”
>>You are being paid to blow up the house
Steve went up to his room after their little breakfast meeting. He needed a little time alone to process everything that had happened since last night. His feelings for Tony were a surprise to him, yet Thor seemed to know about them. He couldn’t help but wonder exactly how oblivious he had actually been about his own feelings all this time. Was his secret even a secret anymore? What if the whole team already knew?  Or worse, what if Tony –
Steve groaned at the back of his throat and began to pull Tony toward the house. “What are we waiting for?
Steve groaned and started thrusting into Tony’s fist shamelessly, giving into the pleasure. He pulled the smaller man in for another kiss, nipping at his lower lip and slipping his tongue in when the other man parted his lips.
“False.” Natasha states as she looks around for the waitress to order their drinks. “He didn’t need me at all. He clearly did his homework, practically made the sales person cry and threatened to sue at least 10 times. I was very proud.”
Steve couldn’t help but feel giddy at the other man’s words. Whether it was because of the mead in his system or his newly discovered feelings he wasn’t sure, though he suspected the latter was a more likely explanation.
“Come one, it’s not like you can help it.”
“Tony, I appreciate your concern but you’re right.” Tony looked surprised to hear the words and opened his mouth, but before he could say anything Steve kept talking. “I think it’s about time I learned how to dance and what better dance partner than Tony Stark.” Steve aimed for humor but his words came out more sincere than he was willing to admit.
“Anthony, you have truly outdone yourself. This is a marvelous location.” Thor bellowed as he went up to hug Tony, lifting the billionaire off his feet.
He sighed and smiled up at Sif. “Worry not for whatever it is shall surely be gone by tomorrow.”
“So this is a punishment?” Clint asked Fury’s retreating form and slumped down into his seat. “This blows.”
“HE PUNCHED ME!” Howard yells, his words coming out muffled from behind the rag he is currently holding on his face. Steve winces at the blood that seems to be streaming from his face.
Steve slowly opened his eyes, blinking his eyes against the bright overhead lights. He grunted and tried to say something, gagging when he felt the tube down his throat.
Steve was stunned. Tony thought he was avoiding him, the last thing he ever wanted to do was hurt him. “Tony, I’m not avoiding anybody.”
Clint hollers and Thor races him down to the media room, roughhousing the entire way.
Even with all the arguing, however, Steve couldn’t help but look on with fondness. This was his team, his family. He couldn’t risk ruining the best thing to happen to him since he woke up from the ice. He couldn’t be selfish. He would give his life for everybody in the room and if keeping them together and safe meant having to give up his heart, he would.
Thank you all so much for reading. My main blog on tumblr is
Pepper is one of his best friends, but its really hard to love her sometimes.
“Fine.” Steve groaned and pulled the curtain, surprised to also see Bruce and Clint standing out there by Tony and Natasha looking right at him. He tried not to blush but felt his cheeks heat up and knew he hadn’t succeeded.
“Listen up!” Clint yells out and instantly the eyes of the entire group are on him again. “Yes, there are clearly two very hot people sparring not 20 feet away from you. However, none of you will move on to your next level of training until ALL of you complete the course.”
“Tony, you own more than 50 percent of the company’s shares.” She said matter of factly. “You should be there. You just always make excuses to miss the meetings.”
“Yo, guy. You in there?” The bar tender waves a hand in front of his face. “You want a drink or not?”
Rhodey cleared his throat, but shot him a look that said words would be spoken about this later. “General Ross sent me to try to persuade you into coming in tomorrow to sign those contracts.”
Tony didn’t think about it. He squeezed his eyes shut and lunged at Steve. He knew he wasn’t graceful, but he didn’t care. He wanted to kiss Steve, to touch him, to -
“I am. And,” Tony opened his mini fridge to reveal bottles of whiskey and cans of beer, “I can still try for those embarrassing anecdotes.”
Tony tossed his phone onto his desk. It was so inconvenient having a friend as perceptive as Bruce. But then, it was also inconvenient having a roommate as hot as Steve.
“We’re supposed to meet Nat and Bruce tonight. Should we get ready?” Tony asked when he pulled away.
The rest of the awards ceremony was uneventful. They called all the names and gave all the plaques out. When Tony’s name was called, Steve clapped harder than anyone.
Tony let go of Steve’s hand to lean into him. They cuddled under the blanket for about an hour before Tony fell asleep in Steve’s arms, lulled into dreams by the rise and fall of his chest.
Tony was frustrated and heartbroken. Did Steve really think he had to live his whole life alone? It wasn’t a secret to either of them how Tony felt, and now it wasn’t a secret how Steve felt either. But that just wasn’t good enough. “But what about how I feel? I don’t care who you are. I don’t care what your job is.”
“No,” Nat said, sitting next to Tony on the ground. “I came out here to tell you to get your shit together.”
so loud that he couldn’t think of anything to say. Tonight was so perfect. If Tony had to think about the best awards ceremony he could have had after his parents died, he could not have come up with such a great night.
. And Mr. Fury thinks you’re the one to give it to him. He really trusts you with this.”
“After today, I could definitely use a drink.” Steve walked to the door. Tony had to use superhuman strength to avoid staring at his ass.
“I know you don’t. But I do. And that’s the problem.”
“I know that. But you’re both people who lost a lot very young and have a lot of pressure on you. Maybe he’ll help you open up a little. And you can help him do the same thing.”
Steve nodded, but his expression told Tony that he didn’t believe him. “Well, not a bad plan. I’m starving, so it’s worth a shot.”
? Steve still had that moony expression on his face. Did Steve have a history of dating men? Because that would be wildly inconvenient.
“No, Tony needs to get home. We can make it work.”
Steve’s face hardened into a frown. “Excuse me for not dying.”
“Uh, yeah I am.”
Steve just nodded.
He shook hands with Tony and Steve and left with Jarvis. Suddenly, Tony was alone. With Captain America. Who was still staring out the window.
“Tony Stark drinking alone?” a voice said next to him. He looked over and saw a skinny guy wearing tapered jeans and a slim-fit white button down. He was hipster-hot, with thick glasses and a very expensive-looking haircut.
“He’s alive?” Tony asked.
“Please. I’ve seen you watch more news in the last week than in the entirety of our freshman year. You’re crushing.”
Tony huffed and wrenched himself out of Steve’s grip. “What the fuck is up with you?”
“Hey,” Steve said. He hooked his finger under Tony’s jaw and turned Tony’s face toward him. “This magazine is garbage. Your dad would never be embarrassed of you. You dad would be so, so proud of you Tony. I’m proud of you.”
Tony was mad, but he couldn’t get the words out. He wanted to scream at Steve. He wanted to say that he knew Steve had made a pass at him last weekend, that he had stared at him all night, that he had held onto him a little too tight in the car. And now it didn’t mean anything? He had no clue what was going on. “I don’t know what I thought,” he said. “But I had a life I liked. I was fine on my own, doing whatever I wanted with no strings attached. My life was great before you got thawed out and came to MIT.”
“I feel like maybe we should shield Steve from the public. The bouncer was incredibly star struck,” Natasha said, smiling at Steve and touching his arm. Tony coughed.
“Sorry?” Steve furrowed his brow.
They were quiet for a minute. Tony was definitely a little drunk, but he couldn’t tell if Steve was. He thought about how he was in Captain America’s bed, sitting close enough to touch him. He thought about all the people in the world who would kill to be in his shoes right now. They’d probably ask him about his best fights or when he was going to pick up the shield again. Tony wasn’t going to do that. He had a little crush on Steve, definitely. But more than that, he respected Steve. He liked Steve so much. He wanted Steve to like him too, to take him seriously. So he decided to go the serious route. He asked the first question that came to mind.
Tony climbed into Steve’s bed. Steve pulled a blanket over both of them, which was new. Tony started the movie, and a few minutes in, Steve took Tony’s hand under the blanket.
Tony and Steve didn’t talk any more about their feelings for a while. As far as Tony was concerned, Steve had said everything he needed to. It wasn’t going to happen. And as much as Tony tried to shrug it off, he was hurt. Admitting his feelings for Steve forced him to confront how much he actually liked him, how badly he wanted to be with him. For a while, Tony had just thought that Steve was hot or would have been a good hookup. And even after his feelings changed, it was really easy to convince himself it was all physical. But now Tony had to deal with the fact that it wasn’t. Steve cared about him. He was funny and warm and smart and eager. Steve made the world – Tony’s world – better and brighter. And letting go of him was really tough.
“Me? What’s up with you? You’re drunk and sulking and talking to random guys and trying to go home with them – “
Steve kept smiling. “And there was a boy,” he said quietly. “Bucky.”
“Yeah.”
“You’re spending a lot of time together,” Tony grumbled to Steve. He couldn’t help it.
Steve’s face lit up. He smiled wider than Tony had ever seen him smile. He got up from his desk and took the letter from Tony’s hands. “Wow, really? What kind of award?”
“What, that? Come on, they
“Oh, right, when the great Captain America speaks, everyone listens. Everyone does what Captain America wants, so why should I be any different?”
Steve laughed. “Well the other alternative is telling you we can’t do this anymore, and I can’t seem to tell you no.”
“I guess that’s true,” Tony said, “But his education is going to be greatly hampered by the fact that 18 year olds are going to be staring daggers at him in undergraduate classes. How old is he supposed to be, anyway?”
Mark stared at Steve for a few seconds before turning to Tony and saying, “I guess I’ll see you around.”
The smile disappeared from Steve’s face. “What’s wrong?”
“You know no one’s going to quiz you tonight,” Tony said as he pulled his suit jacket on on Friday night.
“Sure,” Nat said. “But I think these guys also need a ride, which is too many people. I guess I could make two trips?”
“Buy me a drink and I’ll tell you if you have something wrong.”
Tony looked up from his laptop. “A bar?”
century? “Can I meet him?”
Steve looked at him incredulously. “With Nat? No, Tony. I don’t have feelings for her.”
“Hey,” Tony whispered. He hesitantly put a hand on Steve’s shoulder (because a shoulder didn’t seem like a come-on, right?). He thought about what Nick had said about Steve needing help. “Things are tough. I know they’re so tough right now. And they will be for a little while, and it’ll feel like things will be tough forever. But they won’t be.”
“Sorry, I’m being totally rude. My name’s Mark.”
Steve kissed Tony again, urgent and wanting, and wedged his knee between Tony’s legs. The contact made Tony gasp. He gripped Steve’s waist and rolled his hips against Steve’s. Steve grunted and pulled away to kiss a line from Tony’s jaw down his neck. Tony moaned – how could he not, with Captain America on top of him? – and bucked his hips against Steve’s again. He let go of Steve’s waist to run his hands under Steve’s shirt. He pressed his fingers into Steve’s sides, relishing this little bit of contact.
Steve Rogers took up almost the entire doorway. He was tall and broad-shouldered. His jawline looked like it was chiseled from marble, but so did the rest of his body. Even under a bomber jacket and tee shirt, Tony could tell this man was
He learned that no one could talk about Steve Rogers without talking about his good friend Howard Stark, who’d spent a lot of time looking for Steve before he died in a car crash three years ago. Every news outlet wondered whether Steve Rogers would try to meet Howard’s only son, Tony.
Tony turned to go, but Steve grabbed his wrist. “You’re gonna come home tonight,” he said. “You don’t know what that guy wants with you.”
“Why are you getting all moony over this girl? This ruins our nights out,” Tony complained.
“Why? Because of the award?”
“Steve’s told me a little bit. And that little scene in there wasn’t exactly subtle.”
Tony got off the stool and stumbled over to the booth where Nat, Bruce, and Steve were sitting with two other kids from school. Somehow, everyone had rearranged themselves so Steve was sitting on the outside of the booth, still staring at Tony.
He got regular text updates from Nick about how far away they were. As usual, the texts were sparse- just quick things like “1 hr” or “20 mins.” As the director of SHIELD, Nick knew about intelligence threats that, as he said, Tony could only dream of, so he was always careful about phone and text conversations.
“I’m not getting it anywhere else.”
“Okay,” Tony said, feeling uncomfortable with how serious Jarvis had suddenly become.
“I didn’t know you cared,” Tony said sarcastically.
Nat kissed Tony on the cheek and opened the door. They went back in, and Tony apologized to Steve. They sat together in the booth for the rest of the night, trying to keep a conversation going with Bruce and Nat, who were too into each other to put in a lot of effort.
“I’m not in love. And I’m not a loser. I could get action any time I wanted.”
“You should pick a copy up. There’s nothing we can do about it now, but just be careful.”
“Okay. I was just curious.”
“Uh.” The bouncer swallowed before asking, “Hey, are you who I think you are?”
Tony learned a lot about his new roommate on the news. He learned about the crash that should have killed Steve over sixty years ago. He learned about the serum that Steve had been injected with and the ways he’d used his strength to help the war effort. He learned that no one knew how he hadn’t died, even though he was an enhanced being.
“Uh, okay,” Tony said, sitting on his bed. “AI simulates human intelligence in machines. So it’s a lot of computer programming and mechanical engineering to get a machine to mimic human emotions, reactions, intelligence, things like that. I got the award for making a prototype AI assistant. A program who can keep your appointments and look things up for you, but talks to you like a person would, with banter and everything, and can talk to clients or coworkers and can remember those people and have relationships with them. The assistant can become part of your car – I’m working on getting it to drive for you – and can be in your house and your office and can connect to the other machines in those places and control them. Like locks on doors or stoves or showers.”
,” Tony lied. Jesus, he hated lying to Bruce. “Look, I’m tired of cleaning. Let’s get dinner somewhere.”
,” Bruce retorted. “I’m just experiencing a dry spell.”
They talked about AI all night, and off and on throughout the weekend, and throughout the next week. By the night of the banquet, Steve was almost an expert.
Steve laughed, but he climbed off of Tony’s lap. He laid down on the bed and motioned for Tony to lay next to him.
I just really feel like Steve Rogers loves Ariana Grande music ok
“Uh, yeah.”
“Diners are great. I’m not really sure I should be going out anywhere though. Lots of prying eyes.”
“Well, friends pick up on that kind of stuff.”
Tony sighed. “A fake ID. You know, with a fake age to get into bars.”
Once he knew that Steve would be home from the gym, Tony packed up his computer and headed back to the dorm. On the way, he checked his mailbox.
Steve laughed, and his smile was genuine this time. Tony felt his insides shift at the sound of Steve’s laugh, at the spark in Steve’s eye.
One Friday in November, after an hour of sitting in a booth watching Nat and Bruce stare into each other’s eyes, Tony said, “Well, I’m going to the bar.”
“Okay, so hold on,” Steve said, sitting next to Tony on his bed. “How does the mechanical engineering come in? Explain it to me like I was encased in ice when the first computer was invented.”
“What did I say?” Bruce said, pouting.
Tony’s stomach flipped as he read the page-long write-up. He was too upset to retain most of it, but a few sentences stuck with him:
Which is why it was so weird when Steve came home from a study session on Friday and said, “Hey, Natasha convinced me to go to a bar with her tonight. You should come along. She brought up your friend, Bruce. Maybe you could invite him too.”
Tony stiffened. “I don’t need a therapist for a roommate.”
Almost instinctively, Tony placed his hand over Steve’s. Steve’s skin was absurdly soft. Tony could feel his mouth watering again. He took a deep breath. “You’re welcome,” he whispered, so quietly that he wasn’t even sure if Steve had heard it.
“Wait, so this is television?” Steve asked.
“I have a lot going on,” Tony responded. “But I really don’t think you came here from New York to check up on my cleanliness.”
“What? Nothing.”
Steve stood up. He was twice Mark’s size. “I think you should go,” he said, his voice low.
“Is that Captain America?” the guy asked.
Tony smiled. “These things are pretty stuffy. Do you have a suit?”
Tony was overcome with emotion. Steve was risking his anonymity to come support Tony get an award that, in the long run, didn’t really matter to Steve. Tony couldn’t help himself. He leaned in and hugged Steve again. “Thank you,” he whispered into Steve’s chest.
“And you liked that? That was fun? That’s not the Tony I know, the one who’s been hanging out with me this week.”
They headed across campus to the building where the banquet was being held. When they got to the room, it was already buzzing with guests, from recipients to families to faculty to the photographers the school hired for PR.
“I can’t believe I’m supposed to be Captain America’s guide to college. He’s, like, eighty years old or something.”
“No worries. I hope you two crazy kids figure it out. I love Steve, and I’m really happy he has someone like you in his life.”
“I can take a guess.”
When he came back into the room, wearing a tight navy button down and gray slacks, his hair slicked back perfectly, Tony had to remind himself to breathe. Steve seemed so lost most of the time, but there was no denying that he was a
“He isn’t,” Steve responded.
It worked out wonderfully his freshman year. He was able to work on various experiments, leave wiring and old computer parts strewn around his room, come and go from the bathroom without feeling conspicuous, and bring back whatever guys caught his eye at the bars in Boston that looked the other way at his frankly horrible fake ID. It worked out so well, in fact, that Tony asked Nick if he could arrange for another roommate-free room his sophomore year. Howard said yes, and here Tony was, two weeks into his sophomore year of college, pulling a computer apart without anyone to interrupt him.
“Oh, um.” Tony drew the blinds so no one could see inside. “Sorry about that. It really will get better.”
“Tony. You’re 19 years old.”
Tony nodded. “Okay, that makes sense. But just so you know, everything I say for the rest of the night is off the record.” He knew not to mess with reporters.
“Is there any info you could give me to start a conversation with her? I really want to talk to her about something other than… books,” Bruce said.
Tony sighed, but he took Steve’s hand. At this point, he would take what he could get.
And those eyes. Tony thought his week of staring at pictures would properly prepare him, but he had not been ready for the piercing, perfect blue eyes that were looking at him right now. He bet those were the kind of eyes that changed color with the weather or got darker when Steve was really –
“Well, Steve Rogers, meet Tony Stark,” Nick said.
That’s all it took for Tony to grudgingly agree to go out with Steve and Natasha. He texted Bruce, who immediately said yes at the mention of Natasha’s name. And all of a sudden, he was getting ready in the bedroom while Steve changed in the communal bathroom, which he had been doing since The Moment.
“Oh, no problem. Nick hasn’t announced that you’re here yet. I bet if you put on a baseball cap and maybe those aviator sunglasses you have, you’ll look pretty inconspicuous.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at Jarvis. What exactly was he implying? Nick couldn’t possibly know about Tony’s…
“Is it?”
Steve pulled away, breathing heavily. “I haven’t done this in a long, long time.”
He shuddered at the feeling of running his tongue against Steve’s. Steve pushed Tony so that he was laying on the bed and Steve was on top of him, his legs straddling Tony’s waist.
hot. Tony didn’t know what he expected – Jarvis hadn’t mentioned what he looked like, so Tony was kind of picturing an actual 90-year-old man – but he did not expect this combination of all-American boy and Hollister model. There was a particular video that Tony loved to watch when they played it on TV (and when he looked it up on the internet at night when Bruce wasn’t around) of Steve walking out of his hotel wearing a grey-blue tee shirt, jeans, and a pair of dark sunglasses. In the video, he smiled and waved to some fan out of the shot, and the shirt, already criminally tight against Steve’s chest and arms, rode up to reveal just a sliver of abs that Tony could tell were incredibly well-defined. Every time Tony saw it, his breath shook. It piqued his curiosity in a way he hadn’t felt since high school, when he realized that maybe boys were cuter than girls, when he realized there was a direct correlation between doing the wrong thing and feeling on top of the world.
“This is really good,” Steve said, sipping his beer and watching the video. “All of it. Computers, videos, music, this beer, it’s all so new and wonderful. I’m glad I get to be here to see all of this.”
Steve sat up, but he looked sad. Crushed, actually. Tony sighed. He knew what it was like to feel that way. He knew what it was like to feel alone, in a world you don’t recognize.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Tony said. “They’re movies. I could tell you about them if you want.”
“Hey, what’s up?”
Tony didn’t respond. He watched Steve watch the video. It was so earnest, so pure, the way Steve was excited by and curious about things Tony just took for granted. He couldn’t imagine being in the world and not knowing who The Ronnettes were. The thought of being so behind scared him. But it didn’t seem to scare Steve. Steve was so… optimistic, so in awe. It made Tony love the world a little more to know Steve was in it.
“Okay, I wasn’t listening,” Tony confessed. “But if I have to guess, I’d assume you were complaining about your nonexistent love life?”
“Says me, Tony.”
“Oh, uh, it’s just a thing people say.”
“I’m sorry about your parents, Tony. Truly. He was a great guy.”
“Hell yeah,” Tony said. “We have to go to your place, though.”
A few weeks after the awards ceremony, Tony started flirting with guys at the bar again. He wasn’t going to get what he wanted from Steve, so why not go back to what used to work? He figured a good hookup would clear his mind, and there was no shortage of guys who were interested. He knew it upset Steve to see him with other guys, but he didn’t care. It was Steve’s fault anyway. If he would chill out about his duty or whatever, they could be together. But Steve wouldn’t, so they couldn’t. And anyway, Tony never went home with anyone. He just couldn’t do it. He’d rather go home and watch movies with Steve than spend the night with anyone else. Tony guessed he had it pretty bad.
They kissed hard, and Steve opened his mouth against Tony’s, and Tony tried to think about what he was doing instead of just letting his brain scream
“Are you okay?” Tony asked.
“Hi,” Tony replied.
The next day, Steve was waiting for Tony when he got home from class. “So can you explain artificial intelligence to me?” he asked.
Bruce met them at their dorm, Tony introduced Steve and Bruce, and a few minutes later Natasha drove up to their building in a car that was suspiciously nice for a college student that wasn’t… well, that wasn’t Tony.
The next Friday, as Tony trudged home from class, he got a call from a restricted number. He answered it on the off chance it was Nick.
“Maybe I do. Everything’s happening so fast. I haven’t even gotten time to… process.”
“You know women other than Natasha Romanov exist.”
“You’re really drunk. It’s time to go home. Nat, can we go home?” Steve asked.
Oh no. This was not good.
“Who do you think he is?” Tony asked. Steve shot him a look.
“It’s not
“Yeah, I think it would be fun.”
“Why would I be worried about that?” Tony responded. Bruce cleared his throat.
“That’s really impressive.”
Tony sat up to pull his own t-shirt off and toss it on the floor. He kissed Steve’s shoulders and chest, craving contact, trying to get as close as possible.
“Yeah.”
“I just figured what you had was enough for you,” Steve replied, “but I guess nothing is enough for you.”
Mark smiled and ordered two vodka sodas. Tony knocked back his shot and his beer to make room. It hit him pretty fast, but he didn’t care. “So what do you do, Mark?”
Tony stared at Steve. He knew they were dancing around this, but he wasn’t going to be the one to confront it head on. “Well, do you?”
“Well…” Jarvis cleared his throat. “That’s where the bad news comes in. Steve Rogers is obviously going to be adjusting a lot to the modern world, and he needs to spend some time catching up. So he’s going to be going to school for a little while. He’ll be coming here.”
“This isn’t your fault. They shouldn’t have written these things. These sources shouldn’t have said these things.”
“Not a problem.”
“God, men are so clueless. He’s never said that to me either, but if you watch him, it’s easy to see. He probably doesn’t need a nineteen-year-old tech billionaire boyfriend to show him life in the fast lane. He probably needs a person who will let him watch movies and let him be quiet and will hold his hand when he’s feeling sad or lonely. And you can be that for him. If you get over yourself, you can be that for him until he’s ready for the cars and the parties and the spotlight.”
“And doesn’t notice you at all.”
“Hey,” Bruce said, lowering his voice. “Are you gonna meet him?”
, Tony thought.
“You don’t have to stay here and babysit me,” Steve replied. “I don’t want you to ruin your night because of me.”
His tinkering was interrupted by a knock at the door. He looked at the door, then at his watch. It was 2:30. He never got visitors, at least not in the middle of the day. Brow furrowed, he got up and opened his door.
“Yeah, probably.”
“I don’t know. That’s up to Nick.”
Steve didn’t seem to mind, though. “My parents were gone before I became… who I am. But yeah, I lost people. Friends, like your dad. There was a girl. Peggy.” Steve smiled, a far-off look in his eye.
“What’s a fake?”
“Oh, that’s nothing. Eventually they’ll get back to their homework and parties and forget you’re even here.”
“Hi, Mark. You obviously already know my name.”
He looked back at Steve, who was frowning and gripping his beer way too tight.
“Okay,” Tony said. “We’ll stay in.”
They started talking about the library while Steve and Tony drank in silence. Steve was too busy watching people come in and out of the bar to hold any kind of conversation. He was fascinated, and it was adorable, but Tony was too annoyed to notice. He felt like a third wheel on a date with Bruce and Nat, and Steve seemed so far away, and they could have just stayed home and watched TV all night and had time together.
“Yes. But I haven’t seen it with you.”
Steve was at the gym. Tony was, thankfully, alone. Us Weekly had never published anything especially egregious about him before, but it was always stressful to see whatever pictures they found.
Tony looked around. The room was meant for two students, so there was all the typical furniture for a double room: two beds, two dressers, two closets, two desks, and two chairs. And Tony had already covered most surfaces in different pieces of machinery and loose papers from class and his own experiments. The only surfaces free of junk were his bed, his nightstand, and the small space on one of the desks he tried to keep clear to do homework.
“Okay,” Steve said. “Where are the showers?”
“Well, if you ever have anything to say, you know you can talk to me. Or not, you know. I’m good at talking about things, but I’m also good at avoiding emotions. So whatever you want, I’m here for you.”
“Jump in, boys,” she said. “Glad you could come out. Hi, Bruce.”
“But you can watch television shows on your laptop.”
Tony went to the bar, ordered two burgers, and decided to order a shot and a beer and wait at the bar for the food. He was tired of this night already, and it was so early. He didn’t want to play matchmaker to Bruce. He didn’t want to watch women flirt with Steve. He didn’t want to share Steve with anyone. If that was selfish, fuck it. Who cared? Certainly not the three musketeers in the booth.
Tony put on Mean Girls. They sat on Steve’s bed and watched it together, Tony explaining jokes that Steve didn’t get. Steve didn’t try anything else, and neither did Tony.
“Anyway, you’re one to talk. You’ve been ogling Steve Rogers ever since Nick Fury pulled him out of the ocean.”
“I know. Somehow that just makes it worse.” Tony finished the tie. “You look good,” he said, changing the subject as quickly as possible.
Steve ran a finger down Tony’s arm. “Of course I want to be with you. But I’m part of the reason they wrote that article about you. And all of that is only going to get worse.”
Breakfast was surprisingly uneventful, as was the walk to and from the diner. Steve was adorably in awe of things like Target and sushi. His “disguise” worked pretty well, and aside from the normal double-takes at Tony, no one seemed to notice them.
The crowd all clapped, and then gave Steve a standing ovation. At first, Tony was nervous. He didn’t know how Steve would react to the attention. But he stood up, smiled, and waved at the crowd. Tony loved watching him be the center of attention. He was so humble and, God, so gorgeous. Tony would love to be on his arm for as long as possible.
“How about we just don’t make any plans at all, don’t set any expectations, just be roommates and see what happens?”
“There’s a ceremony next Friday. A dinner.” Tony’s mood shifted. He stopped smiling.
“Great. So what do you know?”
“What do we do about this?” Tony asked, laying down next to Steve and pulling a blanket over them.
But the worst was the last bit of the write-up.
“Wow, this is pretty serious,” Steve said. “You ready?”
“Thank you,” Steve whispered, looking across the room and taking a sip of his beer. Then, suddenly, he put his hand on Tony’s knee. Tony didn’t have a chance to process it before Steve ran his hand from Tony’s knee to his thigh.
“Come on,” Steve said, grabbing Tony’s wrist and smiling. “Don’t leave me alone with them again.”
Tony and Steve stared at each other. This was the closest they had gotten to talking about their relationship since the awards ceremony, and it was not going the way Tony wanted. He could tell Bruce and Nat were watching them.
“He told you that?”
They walked back in the room. “Well, I’ve gotta get back to New York,” Nick said. “Steve, you have my number if you need anything. You too, Tony. I’ll see you both in December.”
Tony’s heart sank. “Look, I’m not giving you a statement or an interview or anything.”
They laced their fingers together and walked home slowly. When they got to the dorm, they changed into pajamas without looking at each other. Tony was about to get into his bed when Steve said, “Let’s watch a movie.
Tony huffed and cleared the papers off the chair he hadn’t been using. One of his favorite activities was pretending to be annoyed with Jarvis. He knew Jarvis never took his faux exasperation to heart.
“I think I might have some idea.”
Tony wanted the real college experience, but he couldn’t imagine having to share a room with someone, especially a room as small as the dorm rooms at school. After spending over a year puttering around his family home mostly alone (Nick worked a lot), the idea of sharing space seemed so foreign. Having to account for the other person’s space and schedule and weird habits sounded incredibly unappealing. But MIT practically required that freshmen and sophomores have roommates, so when Nick suggested that he could get Tony out of having a roommate as a freshman, Tony sucked it up and abandoned his usual policy of avoiding family perks. Just this once.
“Okay.”
“But he said he didn’t want to be with me. He said we couldn’t date even if we really liked each other.”
Steve knelt next to Tony’s bed. “It’s okay. I just want you to be safe. I don’t want anything to happen to you. I want to
Jarvis paused before saying, “You know, you and Mr. Rogers have experienced a lot of the same things. A lot of… a lot of loss. I know you’re doing well here, but it might be good to have someone around who you can relate to in that way. And it will certainly help him.”
“You don’t know me! You know a guy who does what you want him to do. And I thought… I thought..”
The rest of the weekend went by mostly uneventfully. Steve and Tony spent most of their time in the dorm room. During the day, Tony would do homework and Steve would go down rabbit holes on Wikipedia. Sometimes it was helpful, like when Steve learned about smart phones and the cold war, and sometimes it really wasn’t, like when Steve spent all of Sunday afternoon reading about the Zodiac killer. At night, Tony would show Steve movies or music videos or TV shows. On Saturday, they stayed up until 4 am watching The Sopranos. After every episode, Tony would ask, “Well, what do you think?”
“Yeah. We grew up together. He was my best friend. Then he went to war, and I went to war, and when we found each other again, it was like something had changed. Something big. And we were together nonstop until he… he passed away.”
“You’re Tony’s roommate, right?”
“Tony,” Steve said earnestly, staring into Tony’s eyes. “Of course I care about you.”
“Kiss me,” Tony replied.
“Have you seen this week’s Us Weekly?”
“I guess we’re just losers in love,” Bruce said once while they were coding together.
He had not expected the insane amount of news coverage of Steve Rogers leaving the hotel in New York to go to a yet-undisclosed location, but in retrospect he probably should have. Nick hadn’t announced any plans, and Steve still hadn’t talked to the press at all, so the fact that Steve Rogers checked out of the hotel with no indication of where he was going next was probably a big deal. He watched the coverage on TV and chuckled to himself when the commentators suggested he was going upstate or to Los Angeles. No one suggested Boston. Why would they? There wasn’t really any reason for him to come here.
Steve shuffled through his duffel bag to get a towel, a change of clothes, and toiletries and left Tony alone. He took the time to text Bruce.
“She likes history. And smart guys. I think she’s already interested in talking to you,” Steve replied. “If you know what I mean.”
, kissed Steve Rogers.
“Well I guess I’m gonna have to clean the place up,” he said.
“Hey,” Tony said. “Is everything okay?”
Steve and Tony didn’t talk about the spat at McCool’s. It felt like they didn’t really need to. Tony became more comfortable with what he and Steve had. And anyway, something really was better than nothing. They spent the week the way they normally did, with no major issues.
“Okay.”
“You won’t. Once you go to classes and spend more time out in the world, you won’t.”
“I’m used to being in the public eye.”
“Not at all,” Steve said. “I mean, I guess it is a drag, but talking about it beats sitting alone in a hotel room and not talking to anyone.”
Steve pulled away after an oddly long hug and said, “When do you get the award?”
“I understand that, but you’re here,” Nick said. “You’re popular and social and great in school. And I know you could use someone to talk to about the more serious parts of your life.”
Mark left, and Tony glared at Steve. “What the fuck?” he hissed.
“Let me tell my friends.”
Tony read and reread it, and then he had to put it down so he could regulate his breathing. He knew this was a risk, what with all the press at McCool’s recently, but he didn’t realize he was being watched too. He didn’t realize people were talking to paparazzi or giving statements to tabloids. Did anyone read this stuff anymore? Did he have to tell Nat? He definitely had to tell Steve. And he couldn’t go back to McCool’s. Why had they brought up his award? Why had they brought up his dad?
“Aren’t you cold?” a voice said next to him. He looked up to see Nat standing above him, her arms crossed.
“it didn’t help that I didn’t know how to operate basically any of the appliances in the room. Nick came a few times, but I was so shell-shocked that I just didn’t have anything to say.”
“Well, they’re all romantic comedies.”
“Thanks. It’s been hard. But everyone loses people. That’s been the thought that’s helped me the most.”
“Bucky?” Tony repeated, trying to figure out how to ask Steve if he hooked up with dudes without just… asking if he hooked up with dudes.
A small smile played across Jarvis’s lips. “Of course,” he said. “At least, for now.”
They got drinks and sat down to eat dinner. They ate with engineering department faculty, all of whom were very interested in Captain America. Steve was more animated than Tony had ever seen him in public, telling stories and laughing with the faculty and thanking them for their kind words. He bragged about Tony and thanked them for giving him the award. More than once, Steve rested his hand on Tony’s knee. Steve didn’t look at him when he did it, didn’t make a big deal or stop talking. It felt so natural. Tony loved not having to talk to his professors because he had someone else who would. He loved having someone to brag about him, to touch his leg to let him know someone was thinking about him.
“Nick will understand. I’m not letting you go to this by yourself, Tony.”
. He looked even younger in person than he did on TV. He looked like he could be, what, 25? 27? Which was a dangerous age range for Tony.
“Well, no. It’s streaming. Youtube plays videos on the internet, so you can watch video on a laptop.”
Mark laughed. “It’s not like that. I write for the Music section.”
“I’m so sorry,” Tony said.
Jarvis smiled. “No, I don’t think he does. I’ll see you next week.”
“It sounds like there wasn’t a moment at all. Are you sure you didn’t dream it?” Bruce asked before class on Monday.
“No, let’s keep going.”
They piled out of the car in front of McCool’s, a semi-dingy bar off of the main streets of Boston. Everyone at MIT showed up to McCool’s at some point every weekend, so the bouncer recognized most people. He checked the IDs as a cursory measure. But today was different. Today, Tony walked up to the door with Steve next to him, looking like a three-year-old about to go to Disney World.
century. But then Steve smiled, and Tony smiled back, and he was back to being totally enamored, wishing somehow he could recreate The Moment, maybe take it a little farther.
“Did you read the last line?” Tony whispered.
Tony scoffed. “Some friendship. Nat, we’re so fucked. You have no idea.”
“Has this happened to you before?”
“If I have to hear that one more time, I’m gonna flip.”
Tony kissed Steve gently. God, he loved kissing Steve.
“Steve, come on,” Tony said. He could feel himself getting hard from a fucking kiss, and he needed more.
“Mr. Fury thinks he needs to be social, and he’s so busy, and he knows that you… socialize.”
Tony’s brow furrowed. “Steve Rogers – Captain America – is going to college? Here?”
“Helpful.”
“Did you lose a lot of people? When you went into the ice?” he asked. He winced, thankful the room was dark enough that Steve wouldn’t see his embarrassment. He felt like he came in way too hot.
The dinner had turned into drinks, which turned into a hangover on the day that Nick Fury was bringing Steve Rogers to MIT. Tony woke up and tried very hard not to look like he was dying. He was only mildly successful, but it would have to do.
“Well, what is there to say? I’m a 90 year old man who just got unfrozen. I don’t like news cameras or being stared at.”
Tony’s eyes widened. His dad had spent years trying to find Captain America, his friend from the war. Tony couldn’t remember a time when his dad didn’t spend his free time looking for Steve Rogers’s body. And after his parents’ death, Nick took up the mantle. He’d finally done it. And somehow…
The answer was not hard. There were only a few bars that accepted fakes, even fewer that accepted the fake of Tony Stark, the recognizable tech heir, and even fewer that were worth drinking at. And McCool’s Irish pub was closest, so that’s where they went. Natasha drove faster than anyone should ever drive. Tony hoped it made Steve nervous.
“Wait, Tony,” Steve said, his voice strained. But he didn’t say anything else. Tony stared at him and finally said, “Yes?”
“Holy shit,” Mark said. “You are Captain America.”
Steve smiled and pulled Tony close to him. “Not tonight," he whispered, nuzzling his nose into Tony's neck. "Let’s just stay here for a while.”
“We’re getting ahead of ourselves here,” Tony said, and he queued up a video of Be My Baby by The Ronnettes.
“You have to meet him. At least for, like, business purposes. I bet he’s gonna use Stark tech if he goes back to being a superhero. Do you have a meeting set up? Like a secret meeting?”
“See? You have a favorite artist now. You’re a real modern man,” Tony said, a little tipsy, pausing the video for Thank You, Next once it was finished. “One more?”
“Look, you’re obviously upset and you’ve been drinking. We’re not talking about this here.”
“Wow, Tony. Congratulations,” Steve said. He pulled Tony into a hug. Tony was shocked – they hadn’t had any physical contact since he tried to kiss Steve – but after a second, he melted against Steve’s chest and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist. It felt good, warm,
“Do you not want to be with me?”
“We’re probably spending too much time together if you notice what I call you when I’m upset.”
“Be careful,” Steve responded quietly, picking up his burger.
Tony rolled his eyes and went back to his code to avoid answering. The truth was, he hadn’t hooked up with anyone since he met Steve. Steve didn’t understand why Tony would want to have drunken flings when there were probably people who wanted to be with him for real. Tony would have fought with him about it if he wasn’t so hung up on him. It was hard to want to be with anyone else when all he could think about was Steve.
“Then what does it matter? All that matters right now is that he’s
“Do you wanna get out of here?” Mark asked.
“You know what kind of sunglasses I have?”
“Um, no. He’s just my roommate. We go to school together.”
Steve smiled weakly. “I promise I knew how to do this. I guess it’s just been a while.”
“I did too.”
He flipped through. Toward the end, he found not just three pictures of himself, but a whole write-up. Two of the pictures were from the previous Friday, when he had stormed out of McCool’s. In one, he was sitting against the wall, drinking his beer. In the other, Nat was kissing him on the cheek. He was thankful that at least her face wasn’t in the picture, at least her hair had obscured her identity. The third, smaller picture was one from the awards ceremony. It showed Tony and Steve together, smiling. The headline read:
“So boys,” Natasha asked, stepping on the gas, “Where to?”
Natasha flashed that smile. “Call me Nat. I’ve been meaning to tell you that at the library.”
“No problem.” Tony walked over to Steve and tied his tie for him. He went slowly, just so he could be close to Steve for a little while. God, he annoyed himself. “Thanks again for coming to this.”
“So on a Friday night, I usually drink while I eat,” Tony said when the pizza came in. “And since you’re a guest, you’re gonna have to participate.”
“My reputation has preceded me.”
“Pretending you don’t know where to find a book in the library does not constitute ‘talking,’ unfortunately.”
A few weeks went by. Tony and Steve settled into a routine. They went to class, came back to the dorm, did work, ate dinner, and watched a movie from a list of must-see movies Steve found on the internet. On weekends, they went to museums. They went out with Nat and Bruce a few times, but they always left early and came back to drink together in their dorm. They didn’t bring up that first night at McCool’s, when Tony tried to jump Steve’s bones, but it wasn’t awkward. If anything, it was more comfortable. Tony felt like there was something unspoken between the two of them – the stares and smiles had only ramped up – but just knowing was enough for Tony most of the time.
When they got to the car, Tony let everyone get into the car. This time, Bruce sat in the front and Steve got in the back. Tony’s head was swimming. He could barely process where he was, much less where he was supposed to sit in the packed car.
“It’s not about that. We live in such a bubble, Tony. In a few months, I won’t be living in a dorm with you. I’ll be Captain America again. For real, not just for pictures or tabloids. I have to be. That’s my job, that’s my duty. And I tried. Before everything that happened, I tried to be Captain America and Steve Rogers. And it didn’t work. I lost people. People got hurt. I got hurt. It has felt so good to just be Steve Rogers. To do that with you. But that’s just not the reality. That’s not what the future holds, and I have to be cognizant of the future.”
