Cas's answering smile is small, almost private, and Dean wonders just what he's missed in the time it took him to get up here. "Thank you."
Dean tries not to smile at how annoyed he sounds because that's just not cool.
Well, he's always had a problem letting go. Even the ones he knew were headed south.
Castiel pulls away again, gasping, and he arches underneath Dean, pressing their hips together. “Dean.
"You forgot to turn off the lamp."
, okay? It was just like—just like a tick, you know? Sam walked in on something I really wasn’t ready for him to see—at least, not like that—and I just wanted that to… not have happened, and so it just came out that it was nothing because I just—well, it just came out.” He stops himself before he continues to verbally vomit on his own shoes, distinctly aware that Castiel’s steely glare hasn’t softened at all; only hardened. “I didn’t mean to hurt you,” he adds, softer.
"No way, Dean! I expect to see you back here in the next couple of months."
"I think you were the one to bring that up, Cas," Dean says, the nickname slipping out without him even realizing it, "but I'll take the credit."
Dean's always surprised by Castiel's forcefulness at times like these, the way he grips Dean's hips and pushes him, starts walking him to the bed as he licks his way into Dean's mouth and kisses him hard and deep. He's waiting for Castiel to pounce him; his body is tensed for it, eager to have Castiel shove him onto the bed and climb on him and work his hips in that filthy way that he must've picked up from years of being a teenage half-prude. Instead, Castiel turns them around; he pulls Dean on top of him, and Dean settles himself between his legs, his mouth breaking away to map some territory on Castiel's chest that he hasn't gotten to reacquaint himself with yet.
shut up. I wasnt worried
With a jerk, Dean wakes up to discover that it isn’t Castiel’s hands at all that are all over him, but rather Castiel’s whole body, pressed against Dean’s side. It’s still dark outside and the red lights of the clock behind Castiel’s head looks like a five or a six, according to Dean’s blurry, freshly-roused vision. Frowning at Castiel, he buries his face in his pillow, which he belatedly realizes is half comprised of Castiel’s shoulder.
He may not be able to hear Castiel’s arrival, but he feels it, like something in his soul snapping back into a groove that it’d slipped out of and he hadn’t noticed.
"What?" he grunts.
"Friends, too."
He starts back for the Impala, gun still in his hand, his arm stinging. He knows he’s in for something when he doesn’t hear Sam start to come after him, and his shoulders are already squared from his standoff with Castiel. He’s ready for when Sam makes an unbelieving noise somewhere in his throat.
He knows Cas is in the doorway behind him before he says anything, but Dean doesn't turn around. He needlessly shakes the skillet around just to put some noise between them, to alleviate some of the pressure of Cas's silence as he waits--waits for something.
how he felt, didn't he? And you--oh my
There are a few days, before Jess and Sam come by and Castiel comes back from visiting his family, where it’s just Dean and Bobby. It’s probably unfortunate for everyone else that the bulk of the decorating happens then because the Christmas tree winds up having washers and nuts strung up along it, and the advent calendar is actually just Dean and Bobby taking a shot every night. They wrap presents together, sharing a six pack and crooning along as off-key as possible to the same old tired Christmas songs on the radio.
A car approaches before long, and he squints, trying to discern anything about the driver as it slows to a stop and a man rolls down the window. He looks as curious about Castiel as Castiel is about him.
“Here’s hoping we don’t have to go into
you going to…? ‘Cause I can step out if you need a minute.”
Charlie chews on her lip, then leans closer to Dean, speaking out of the corner of her mouth so Kevin won't hear. "You've gotta find a way to spin this."
"And he's a professor?"
"Yeah, well. You blew any chance of that." His voice is all sharp angles as he leans over his plate, but he can still see Cas shrink.
"You never stay," Cas murmurs, frowning deeply, but then Dean's pretty sure he's almost immediately out before Dean has to come up with any kind of response to that. He lingers, telling himself it's because he wants to make sure Cas is really asleep before he pulls his hand away and disturbs him. Cas's expression eventually softens, his breath evening out, his chest rising and falling under the weight of their hands together.
Dean can hear the air quotes, and they're like slaps to his face, both of them; he grips his beer tight enough that he reconsiders, forces his grip looser, to avoid breaking the glass in his fist.
Castiel glances over, his eyes scouring Dennis for any sign: demon? Angel? Empty? Hallucination? Or, most strange and seemingly likely of all: human? When Dennis realizes that Castiel is not the talking type, he reaches over and turns up the music on the radio. Castiel's first thought, as always, is that Dean would not approve. The thought makes him smile, though it hurts, and he resumes his study of the passing countryside.
"Some people have dogs, some people have kids. I have a car." He grins at Castiel, who gives him a smile back, somehow smaller and shyer, lacking his usual wry wit.
"Unexpected," Cas settles on, looking at Dean again. "I never thought..." He frowns, his hand stopping over his shoulder, and Dean feels himself start to lose his balance, start to fall.
"Yeah. Okay. Yes," he says again, and again, convincing himself that any hang up that he's holding onto isn't worth holding onto anymore. Cas breaks out into a grin and he leans in too fast, too hurried; their forehead bonk, and their teeth clash in their first attempt at a kiss, before Cas leans back and grabs Dean's hand. He slides the ring onto his finger almost reverently, and Dean's heart stalls in his chest as he watches, wondering at the care and attention Cas is giving him, wondering at the sight of a ring there, feeling a tightness when he thinks about anyone asking.
There's another silence that seems to stretch out far too long before Castiel noisily switches the oven off, moves the skillet off the heat, and drops utensils in the sink.
The tone of Sam's voice stops Dean's hand, stalls it in its trip to the doorknob, and he remembers Sam calling the other day, and the one before that; he'd been at Castiel's, and he slipped into the other room to talk.
"Hello." Cas's mask is a deep blue, and it reflects up into his eyes, which are crinkled with a smile.
"It's complicated, Sam," he barks, scrubbing vigorously at the pan, harder than is really necessary.
"So... tell me about this grace thing," Dean asks, and Cas sighs, but tells Dean about how he hadn't come back whole in the first place, that things were slowly deteriorating, but then rapidly accelerated, and now he only has a faint amount of grace left. He tells Dean that he started falling asleep randomly first, started getting hungry next, and that he'd wanted to call Dean the whole time. That one is a slow admission, given cautiously, an explanation for why he hadn't told Dean that neither one of them really needed to hear spoken aloud.
He slams the bathroom door behind him, and he takes a hot shower, almost too hot, because cold showers are still half a luxury. When he comes out, his skin still pink, Sam is sitting on his bed with a book open in his lap, strange symbols twisted over the pages that probably mean something to him but only make Dean think of Enochian.
This time the kiss is sensual, powerfully so, more powerfully than he would’ve expected from a virginal angel, but then Castiel has proved himself to be pretty passionate, hasn’t he? They spare a few minutes on open-mouthed kisses, learning each other’s movements, testing each other’s reactions. When Castiel slides his hand against Dean’s neck is when Dean decides to steal his tongue between Castiel’s lips, and after that, there’s no more room for taking notes.
He should've aborted mission about 15 minutes of intense staring ago because now he has to say out loud to his new neighbor things that he's only just barely begun to say out loud. But then again, Castiel's a stranger; Dean doesn't have to save face with him because he literally is getting to know Dean's face
"I won't have time to run to the store. It'll have to be what we didn't get to finish the other night." There's suggestion in his voice that definitely elevates this conversation to something that shouldn't be going on in the copy room.
Well, have you seen him since you got up here?"
The actual morning of, he'd like to say that he woke up completely oblivious to the date, but in reality he watched the clock the night before, and once it hit 12:01, he toasted himself, small and quiet and private, just a little congrats to himself to have made it far enough to start getting gray hairs, something that Cas likes to tell him about whenever he plays with Dean's hair, and Dean whines and bats at his hands. But he's starting to find them, too, and he can't help but wonder how gray he'll get, how it'll look, because he's never had any reason to think that he'd live this long to see it.
"I'd appreciate it if you didn't use any of the knowledge from that handbook around me," Castiel says, and Dean can hear him roll his eyes. "I have enough brothers."
is what he says with the nod of his head then, and Cas follows it back to the table, to Charlie and Benny who he knows well, to Kevin who he's only heard of in stories, and to the kids sitting just behind them.
much, but Dean thinks of Garth and Bess dancing in the window, and he remembers a kind of heartbrokenness that had felt like it could never go away.
"See you then, Garth." It's a promise as much to Garth, as much to Cas (not that Cas is paying attention, scrolling through his phone now, waiting for Dean), as it is to himself. In a few months, he'll take Cas over to Garth's and take his weird little life a step further.
That he has been shut out from his closest friend’s affections—even though Dean is staying with Bobby at Applejack’s farm, and perhaps didn’t want to appeal more to her (ample, unending) hospitality—only makes everything worse.
Dean feels almost evil when he slips the hose between them and blasts Cas square in the chest, the back spray hitting him too, but it's worth it to see Cas jerk back, shock chasing away a particularly tantalizing darkness in his eyes. He blinks in surprise, and then gives Dean maybe the most devilish grin that he's ever seen on Cas. Dean's still turning that over in his mind when Cas grabs his wrist and, in one smooth motion, traps Dean against the sink. Dean decides that Cas isn't actually going to throw his punches forever as he keeps Dean pinned with his hips and plucks the hose out of his hand.
, like Dean never thought he would do, and he starts moving against Dean, gripping tight to his hips. Somewhere they go from easy, gentle thrusts to hungry fucking, hands and teeth finding places to settle, and Dean buries a few groans against the crook of Castiel’s neck.
His thumb brushes over Dean's fly, and Dean's hips nearly jerk right off the seat; very suave.
"So we both need to work on our communication skills," Dean offers, and Sam shoots him a flat look, but it softens in a moment, and he nods, slowly.
"It's a guilty pleasure!" He sets his laptop aside and reaches for another of the tostones, glowering at Castiel all the while.
There's warmth there now, and Dean welcomes it; the game of annoyance had been its own kind of warmth, but now it's the real deal, all cheesy and Hallmark-y, but that stuff's okay on special occasions like Thanksgiving and maybe even the day you come out to the closest thing to a father you have left anymore. They even manage actual conversation without any undercurrents of implied meaning, mostly about Sam and cars and what amazing chefs they both are, and Dean loses himself to it all. This is why he likes holidays; it's the only time of the year he can actually have all that fuzzy family feelings shit and not feel lame about it. They're, like, sanctioned.
"Not sure you're welcome here," he says, and Cas follows his gaze.
When he feels Castiel’s gaze burning into him, he looks up, meeting those electric eyes and swallowing thickly. He’s said his goodbyes—embraced the fact that he’s on his way out, that the world is approaching the final countdown and he’s got to be on board to finish it. The idea of leaving behind unfinished business makes him feel uncomfortable, like he isn’t doing the job right, and he can almost hear his dad rattling around in his brain, telling him that the job’s not worth doing if you don’t put the time in to finish it properly.
"Good," Cas says, his hand moving over Dean's arm. "Good, just..." He bites his lip, and Dean draws back, watching his face, but Cas is staring at the ceiling.
His cock is salty and solid, and Dean fits his mouth over it, a hand coming up to grip the base. Castiel makes a noise of relief and there's a hand in his hair then, fingers slipping through the short strands, but it seems to get frustrated and settles on his shoulder instead. Dean finds a rhythm, jerky and slow, his grip uncertain, before he pulls off and decides if he wants to do this, he'll have to get a little acquainted with Castiel's cock first. He traces the length with his tongue, mouths over the head, runs his fingers up the underside, and he learns the shape and weight of Castiel's cock as Castiel's fingers dig into his shoulder.
The following morning he rises again with the roosters call, and again waits outside of the barn for Charles to lead him through more of his responsibilities, he may not have a plan to stay here for long but he knows that it would be far more suspicious to ditch his work or seem as though it isn’t important to him.
Quiet falls around them for a few breaths. Dean’s mind is racing, apprehension and excitement battle for his attention. It takes a few seconds for it to really sink in that this is all real. Before now, it still felt like an abstract concept, the job, the future that he had secured for himself. But standing in front of his own house with Cas beside him, interlacing their fingers gently, so that really only the pads are connected, he realizes that the other shoe isn’t going to drop, no one is going to take this from him before he has a chance to actually have it.
“I’m going to let you two talk,” Other Dean said as he walked from the kitchen, slipping past Castiel and sliding a hand onto his shoulder. “Goodnight!” It was so achingly familiar of a gesture that Dean's heart was clenching at the same time that a pang of jealousy raised in his stomach.
“Mmm, no not anymore, but thought we could make it a bit of a tradition. First night celebration or something like it,” Cas responds, his eyes dancing in the low light of the lanterns.
“Why do you want to stop, are you feeling okay?”
He hadn't wanted to kill them, not really, but they’d left him with no choice. Now he just hopes they can put enough distance between them and the two dead men on the road before someone finds them. Not wasting any more time he grabs their money from in between their bodies and returns to Cas.
The thought of letting Cas in like that, of having bared himself so completely for another person to witness, scares him, he’s not foolish enough for that idea to come without wariness attached. What scares him even more, is the inkling of desire that comes with the thought. He wants to be open finally, he wants to be free of what he holds so deeply inside of him, the aspects of him that darken the soul so much that at times, he worried wasn’t even there.
He deflects when Michael asks about Sam’s work translating until his brother makes his way back into the library.
Another finger presses against his hole and Dean nods fervently into the crook of Cas’ shoulder. He whines as it enters him, the stretch never as intense on the third compared to the second but he’s blindsided by the heat that surrounds him. Every nerve feels like it’s crackling, the fire that's consumed him stretches to every inch of his body and they haven’t even gotten to the ‘good part’ which is ridiculous to say when all of this has felt so incredibly good that it’s making him delirious.
“I guess you could say that ya, why, did you? In your happy go lucky world of unions and appreciation for the hell you go through.”
His mouth is barely on Cas’ before Cas has them walking back towards the bed. Cas’ knees hit the edge and his sinks down onto the mattress. He scoots back as Dean kneels onto the bed over him, settling down into his lap. His arousal surges and his hands shake as they twine into the ends of Cas’ hair at the nape of his neck.
In hindsight, he shouldn't have let himself get distracted like he did. Especially not around a horse that doesn't exactly like him, or anyone for that matter. Dean’s cursing himself as the scene unfolds in front of him, years,
The sun climbs its steady path into the sky as a man trudges forward beneath its heat. Though he knows he left town that same morning before the townsfolk started rising, the wear on his body feels more like he’s been walking for days. He wipes a tanned hand across his forehead, feeling the heat as his face goes red from exertion in the sun's increasing insistence. His legs give on the terrain as he scales the shallow steep of the valley’s ridge.
Archangel grace.
His earlier assessment of Ibby had been right, even with the issues caused by his injuries he was finished soon after things had started to go back to normal. Charles had asked him about moving onto Ringer, which he agreed to gladly. They had started on Ringer only a day or two after that and Dean was determined to prove that he was competent with the beast which as time went on, he was able to do.
“Currently you don’t because you have nothin’ to be absolved from but, some people just deserve salvation, and some are born into a life that can’t be saved,” he says easily, though it feels like lead is rushing up his throat with the words. He never wanted a life that was beyond saving, never understood why bad things happened to good people, until he stopped being a good person. Then the bad things made sense when they happened to him, but Sam, Sam never stopped being good and then
“Yes Pa?” he asks once his father looks up from his work.
He’s dead still in the center of the room, his head cast to the floor, breathing more fully for the first time in days and each one burns like how it does after you inhale water. It’s like he’s been drowning for three days and only now has his head broken the surface.
Emboldened by Cas being so overwhelmed, he throws a leg over Cas to straddle his waist. A zing of pleasure courses through him as Cas’ hands come to rest on his hips.
“And what then?”
“It helps, believe me, as long as you ain’t laughing too much it’ll distract from the pain just long enough,” Dean says as he starts off towards the house.
“I’ll think about it. You should get back to your family before your sister loses her patience. I’ll see you at supper, don’t think you don’t still owe me just because you came to say hi.”
The same hands that had distracted him so completely grip into his shirt and trail fire down the length of his back, it burns hot where one hand rests against his hip. Cas grinds against him and Dean can’t hold back the moan that slips from his lips.
“Good evening Sir,” he says as he approaches the two men. With a quick look into the cab, he sees that the young girl isn’t there and a small pit forms in his stomach as to what that precisely could mean. “If you’d like I can take Remy here back to the barn and work her through, get her settled for the night.”
He settles in on the floor of his brother’s shared room and no sooner than he has set his head down sleep starts pulling at the recesses of his mind. He figured that such a busy and minorly confusing day would cause him to drift to sleep immediately, however, his brain still spares a fleeting thought of Dean and how he’d not seen the man at all today, something that had only happened once since they met.
As they all finish, Castiel stands to help clean up both the table and the mess Alfie had made, counting down the minutes until he gets to go to the barn. Perhaps he’ll sneak the flask with him, tell his parents he wants to make sure Dean hasn't aggravated any injury while working alone.
“I’ve got a husband and eight sons only three of which are younger than Castiel, while I appreciate the warning it’s not necessary.”
And though it's selfish, the more spouses (and children) who arrive with his siblings, the more people his mother has to fuss over, the less likely it is that his unmarried, unbetrothed status will be brought up, especially if any of them are adding to their families as Gabriel is.
“Yeah, I’m fine, just got a bit ahead of myself is all,” he responds, realizing that he hadn’t taken in a word of Jody’s trip onto the farm.
Wiping a hand across his forehead he cringes, remembering too late the dirt he has on them.
With a choked out cry, Dean releases himself into Castiel's sealed mouth. He continues to bob up and down as strip after strip of Dean’s come falls against his tongue and throat. He grunts out a moan at the salty taste and as Dean falls back against the wall, he takes care to lick his softening cock clean of his spend. Careful not to make Dean twitchy and sore from overstimulation, he stands as he raises Dean’s pants to cover him up.
Dean huffs a short laugh before Cas dips in to seal their lips in a short kiss.
For a moment he had let himself foolishly believe he could be enough for Castiel, he never once believed he’d be worthy of it, but he allowed himself the fantasy of Cas never figuring that out. It’s gone now, replaced with a seizing feeling in his chest and he can do nothing for it. What with the person he’d seek comfort from being the very same one who caused the pain in the first place.
“I want work, I can get that with one of these farms.”
In lieu of an answer, Cas ducks his head and nestles against his spine and shoulder. He hears more than feels Cas kissing the skin he can reach.
Panic slices into him, just as it always did when there was a chance Sam was going to be put in harm's way. The confusion on Cas’ face doesn't help the matter in the slightest. It’s only when that confusion turns to worry that he turns.
Dean easily relates to the sentiment. He hasn’t seen Sam in almost a year since the boy had moved to school. The prospect of seeing his brother again, even just in theory, excited him; though he knows it likely would never happen.
“Was it enough?”
Cas with his caring eyes and his confusing display of affection makes him itch in a way far below his skin. In the same moments he abandons the touch of Dean’s face, he holds him close. In the same moments, Dean thinks that lust drives Cas to him, he’s shown so much more that could convince him otherwise. He wishes Cas would pick one or the other, attachment or disregard so that Dean can prepare himself for it. He’s not sure which one he wants Cas to choose.
The next day turns his already busy home into a madhouse, there hadn’t ever been a time in which this many people descended upon its four walls at once, and never had all of the children been home at the same time, as the eldest three had moved out before Alfie was born.
Cas looks back at him and rolls up the sleeve of his shirt. “This was from the time I got in a fight with a man in town,” he says pointing to a scar that must be a few inches long. “He pulled a knife and before I knew it Ma was sticking a needle in my arm to sew it up. Would you like to know the reason for the fight?” Dean nods when he sees that Cas is actually asking. “The man had figured that I didn't belong there and that I was a threat, I was in my work clothes, I hadn't shaved and my skin was dirty from work, it didn't matter to him who I was, all that mattered was what he thought as the truth what he deemed was necessary.”
“I have to tell you something and I know you aren't going to be happy about it, but I need you to promise to let me say it all before you flip out.” Cas said with a raised eyebrow that said ‘try to deny your habit of doing so, just try to’, “and I need you to promise that no matter what, your anger isn't directed at anyone but me.”
“Ooh okay maybe don’t, tell her we’re gonna keep it with the others,” he concedes.
Forgoing a response to his playful jibes, Cas walks around Ringer to stand by him. He crowds in closer and shifts so he’s now standing behind Dean instead of beside. Their bodies are flush from chest to a few inches past their waists and the feeling has Dean clenching his fists to stop him from reacting in any obvious way. Warmth floods through him and settles at the base of his spine as the air crackles with Cas being so close.
“No doubt the boy’s got potential with horses, but ever since that first day when he told me that he didn't have a name, I knew he couldn’t stay long. I mean who knows the past he’s had, who he’s made bad with, I don't trust people like that, all they spell is trouble.” Castiel is seeing red but his father continues. “I was ready to have him leave after his screw up with Ringer, but then he started on the beast and I figured he had some uses. Now though? Ringer is done and so is he.”
His host lets him set up and goes to the house to fetch a blanket and a small pillow for him. When he comes back, he sets about explaining the rules of the property.
One of the things that helped him most through his life was the adrenaline that would course like fire through his veins, he supposes it helped keep him from this weak feeling.
“Winchester like the rifle maker?”
He gives his brother a small smile, “I have. Name or no name, records or no records, it doesn't matter.” He knows his past doesn't define him, he knows that even before he had his name he was ‘deserving of forgiveness for and to be absolved of the sins he still believes he committed’ in Cas’ words. Cas and the people he’d met here have been instrumental in him really learning that. “I know that they don’t change who I am, besides they're not for that, Jody mentioned that they’d help with more of the legal stuff on the farm so I agreed to get them,” he finishes.
The next day follows the same. Cas grows increasingly concerned for his well-being as the only time Dean stops moving is when he’s driving the carriage and even then, his eyes never stop checking their surroundings.
Ringer shuffles around, enough force behind the giant animal to ragdoll the best of them, Dean’s arm gets shoved back into his shoulder, knocking his center off, his knee shifts and his foot, having nothing to hold on to on the plank of wood, slips out. The force of the knock sends his arms pinwheeling and his stomach dropping out of his body.
“Sam hello, sorry about that, Pamela spotted me on my way over and was desperate to tell me that I would be fantastic in my new job,” Cas pauses with a small laugh. “I don't know why but whenever that woman promises anything, I can’t help but believe it.”
It screws with Dean’s head to no end.
“Yes well, you’re lucky I love you or you wouldn't get away with half as much as you do now.”
If you'd like you can find me on tumblr
When they make it to the group several of the kids come up to him right away. He crouches down, knowing that it makes it less scary for the kids when meeting a new adult.
A small bit of sunlight bleeds through the slats of the barn, lighting slivers of the ground blinding white as Cas struggles to put his words together. He reaches his hand out and lets the sun play on his fingers, his hands shake gently with the nerves that have made their home in his chest, sitting snuggly beside the burned-out embers that never leave.
As they pull up to the house, Jody walks through the front door. With a wide smile, she makes her way up to the gig just as Dean gathers the courage to step out, knowing that it could be less than a minute before he’s being turned away, Cas in tow.
“No need Ma’am, it was taken care of before we made it here.” Vague as the answer is, Jody takes it and Dean breathes a sigh of relief, he really doesn't want to have to lie, or god forbid tell the actual truth of the matter.
He takes Anna and hauls her up onto his lap, her whole life a clean slate in front of her and tells her that she has the power to be anything she wants. That there's joy to be found in the little things. That her favourite novels should end up with writing all through them when she gets older, notes and thoughts and understanding stained into the pages forever. He tells her that people will underestimate her all through her life and that no matter what, he knows her potential, he knows how great she can be.
“But after, you never wanted that kind of life, even if it was melded with hunting? You just shut that idea out and went on living?” His alternate self was looking at him oddly, almost as though he didn’t believe what he was asking.
“Yes, well he never was very fond of that particular nickname but, I think that as an older brother it is within my rights, nay it is my duty to ignore that entirely,” he says as he draws his foot up to pick at the debris on it.
Without leaving, he’s powerless to stop any of it because he doesn't want it to end. In the end, it will be better for everyone for him to move on. He just has to keep telling himself that.
“Right then, Castiel please come keep him steady.” Dean’s body heats up when Cas lays his hand on his bare arm and back, he knows Cas can feel the scars along the sinews of muscle, knows he can see the way they swallow up the freckles that litter his skin, the only thing that does so more than the scars. “Now this is going to hurt, I’m going to count to three and realign the joint, try to stay as loose as possible or it will only hurt more.”
Cas doesn't slow, chasing his own release with a fevered determination. Fire sings through his veins as Cas starts to whisper filthy things into his ear as he pants, each breath tickling the shell of his ear as it pushes past. Another spurt of come shoots from his softening cock and a sob makes its way from his mouth.
Deans fisted his hands at his side, willing his body and mind to calm down but he lost the battle. How could Cas be so fucking reckless, so lacking in self preservation and common fucking sense as to offer himself up to the hell scape for angels. How could he have thought that Dean could live without him like that, that Sam and Jack would be able to carry on.
“Thanks Ma, but I need to do it this way.”
, desperately. He pitches forwards, the force of it so strong that he ends up plastered against Castiel’s torso, on the first pass of Cas’ fingers against his prostate.
This fits post canon, several years post canon actually but it has a call back to chapter six. This ficlet is entirely headcanon but the ask link validates it pretty well
“That's bullshit,” he says and his heart lifts as Cas chuckles and leans in again to catch his lips in an achingly sweet kiss.
I used the characterization from (for sure) the last two seasons to map Dean's reaction (even though I did not do so in-depth at all) to him dying
“He won't be doing that,” the other man pipes up walking closer. “We should be so kind as to take this weight off of you for the remainder of your trip, surely you’ll be able to make do without it.”
Cas sunk a little in his spot so that his eyes were the only part of his face outside of his jacket, "Am I that obvious?"
He had to get his feelings for Castiel under control while they were apart for these upcoming weeks, because it was starting to become a problem.  It was starting to hurt, the longing, and Dean wasn't sure how long he could take things being like this.  That being said, however, he didn't want to stop being friends with Cas, so he wasn't really sure what he was supposed to do about this.  Dean rolled over to his back and lifted his pillow from underneath himself to shove it into his face and groan in frustration.
"Hello everybody!  I'm Dr. Shurley, but you can all call me Chuck, since this isn't really a college course.  I also teach Theology 305 on Tuesdays and Thursday in this very room, so you can usually find me here."
The emotions Dean had been experience had almost nothing to do with the religion behind the song, but Dean didn't need to clarify that.  Instead Dean just pressed his lips together in a small acknowledgement and nodded curtly before looking back down at the crowd.
Castiel’s chest started to warm up and a small smile spread across his face.  Dean was so beautiful no matter what.  He was beautiful when he was flustered, he was beautiful when he was confident.  He was beautiful when he was drunk, he was beautiful when he was focused.  He was beautiful when he was emotional and he was beautiful when he laughed.  He was just breath takingly,
"Hey there, champ." Dean smiled, "How ya feelin'?"
Gabriel just started laughing.  Dean used every brain cell he had to keep himself from cheering as he looked at Balthazar with smiling eyes.  God he could kiss Baz right now.
Dean was at a complete loss for words.  He let the seriousness of Bobby's words seep into him and digest in his brain before he was being pulled into a hug.  Dean swallowed hard and squeezed his hands into fists before Bobby clapped his hand on Dean's back and let go.
Chuck finally removed his glare from the four of them before continuing.  "As I was saying, today is going to be light.  I want you all to mostly just get used to one another, since we will be sharing pretty close quarters for the next few days.  Hope you brought your warm clothes."  The whole group groaned before loading on the bus.
Ellen ran her tongue over her teeth, "Alright boys, now get out of here before you go and make me emotional.", she said, pushing Castiel out the door.  Cas laughed and bellowed out one final goodbye before walking out the door and down the steps to the Impala.
Castiel's expression hardened, "Not when you call me that, we're not."
She shrugged and replied, "This is more important", and squeezed Dean's shoulder before walking out the door.
It was Saturday night, and they were out at Adam's again with Bela and Ruby.  Angry Orchard ciders were the drink that Gabriel had charmed out of the hands of Kahli, the woman who ran the local liquor store, tonight, and Dean and Cas were about 6 drinks in at this point.  Each of them had their arms around each other in a huddle type circle, and they were swaying and singing to Piano Man.  Dean and Castiel were standing next to each other, so Dean's finger tips were latched around Cas's neck and Cas's finger tips latched around Dean's.  They were facing each other now as they sang,
"-but I don't make any promises.  Try your best to keep bring your best attention forward in these next few months.  It will be over soon."
Cassie jutted the attendance sheet even further towards Dean, "Do you need this or not?"
Cas looked Dean in the eyes with a look that made Dean want to cry, "Really?"
Dean took a sigh of relief, happy to hear that he could just kick his feet up for the first time today.  He slung his arm around Cas’s neck and pulled him in close into a side hug as Chuck continued.
Castiel looked back up at his mom and gave a closed lipped smile.  She walked over to him and ruffled his hair a little bit before stating that she should, "probably go in with 'im" and leaving for the bedroom too.
Once they were all settled and the bus started moving, Gabriel started the conversation.  "So, long time no see, Deano.  We were starting to think you died or something."
"Did either of you see my other heel in between the doors?" she asked, sounding rushed.  "I can't fucking find it."
Dean had made it out first.  Thankfully he was able to reach a nearby tree branch to grab onto in order to guide him to the ground relatively smoothly.  Cas wasn't so lucky though.  He had made it through the window, and was now sitting on the sill, but his arm wasn't quite long enough to reach the branch and Dean could tell that he was starting to get a little nervous.  Castiel looked around nervously, his beautiful blue eyes getting wider as his knuckles started to whiten on the sill beside his hips.
Dean pulled up to the curb in front of the house.  Closing his eyes tight and preparing himself to look as awake as possible to avoid his family picking fun at him for the rest of the day.  He opened his door and stretched until he pulled a muscle and joined Sam as he opened the front door.
It only rang once.  "Hey, honey!" Ellen sang into the phone.  "What are you up to, sweetheart?!"
Dean watched as Cas looked around at everyone singing with him. His deep blue eyes almost sparkling in wonder and his mouth slightly agape at the fact that the two of them had gotten them all to sing like that.  Dean's heart melted at the happiness on his face before Cas looked back at him and giggled.  The whole group started to clap along with the music and Dean stood up, the confidence he felt pumping through his veins from just the tiniest of happy looks from Castiel, and his sang the next line.
Gabe snickered, "What's the matter, Ken doll?  Worried you scared Cassie off?"
"I wouldn't be too worried, pal.  That was a really beautiful scene you two just shared with the class.  He just walked into the tree line over there."  He pointed to a stretch of woods about 10 feet away from them.  Dean had to pretend that he wasn't kind of afraid to go in there.  It being dark out and, in the woods, and all that.  He knew that Cas was in there though, and he needed to see him and talk to him.
"Yes!  Don't you remember?  He's the guy you walked in on sucking me off!"
"Great!  We've only got a half hour left so, let's get it done, losers!", she said.
After a decent amount of time talking, cuddling, and giggling, Dean and Castiel eventually made their way back to base camp, where they found that almost everyone had gone inside to sleep except for about five or six who were still up and listening to music and chatting together.
just before he blacked out for the night.  He even shoved his hand down Castiel's pants one night.
“Oh my God, Dean.  This is so amazing.  You’re so amazin- oh
Cas shook his head, "I'm usually only there to drop them off, pick them up, and then clean up the vomit."
Please see notes for a small warning.
Also I just want to let everyone know who may be reading this chapter as it comes out, that I've changed a detail.  Originally I had it so that confirmation was in May for the college gang, because that's usually when confirmation happens.  However, I decided to change it to early March because I realized that they have way longer religious ed classes which means that they would finish their hours way quicker.  I changed it in the previous chapters, but I wanted to say it here just in case the change wasn't noticed.
Sam huffed a quick laugh out of his nose and looked up at Dean with a small smile.  "You're praying that an old lady is sick because you were too stupid to watch your own drinking habits last night?"  Sam shook his head, but kept laughing anyway.  "That's fucked up, man."
Castiel watched as his father dropped his work boots next to where Castiel was standing and then turned around to his mother again.
Dean continued to run as fast as he could, hoping that Cas wasn’t running too fast for him to catch up.  It seemed to get darker as he ran, but the snapping and trudging sounds seemed to get louder.  Finally, Dean turned a corner, and saw a flash of his own coat weave around a tree.
Dean couldn't believe that Cas had remembered what Dean had said to him all of those weeks ago on their way back from his house word for word like that.  Dean melted on the inside and he got lost in Castiel's eyes.  He moved ever so slowly towards Cas's face.  He heard Cas inhale incredibly softly, so soft in fact that Dean's proximity was the only thing that allowed him to hear it.
"Alright brother, I'll see you tonight.  If there's any hot guys in there be sure to drop my number along with yours." Benny shoved Dean's arm as Dean walked toward the door.
Cas said nothing, but looked deeply into Dean's eyes.  He gave a look not of pity, or remorse, but of sheer understanding.  A look of knowing, without a shadow of a doubt.  Then, Castiel leaned over and put his palm against the ring resting on Dean's chest, keeping his eyes locked on Dean's.
The final chords were played into the air, but Dean didn’t hear them.  All he saw was Cas and Cas only.  Cas’s mouth had opened slightly in shock and a single tear fell down his cheek.
Dean tried to chuckle off how uncomfortable he felt and act normal.  "What can I say, the classes I have this semester are way more intense than the last ones."
"Y-yeah."
It had only been three days, but Dean really missed him.  The slow and heavy intro broke and the beat caught up faster.  Cas was still looking back at Dean as Dean stood up and started to dance his way up to the sink beside Cas.  Once he reached Cas's side, he bumped his hip against Cas's to the beat of the song, which made Cas laugh harder and loosen up a little bit.  Dean saw all the tension in Cas's shoulders slowly make it's way out of his body as he started to sway to the music and mumble the music to himself as he reached for the first dish.
"Okay, mama.  I have to go get those clowns so, I'll see you in a few."
Dean blinked in surprise, "With Professor Masters?"
Cas cleared his throat and rushed out of the room after muttering, "I'm just gonna go brush my teeth-"
He heard Ellen's hearty laugh from the other side of the phone, "Interesting introduction, Dean.  Okay.  I could use some entertainment!"
He stepped to the side and Dean's eyes widened as he saw the strobe lights dancing behind him, bathing what seemed to be a million people dancing and talking.  He couldn't believe how many people were here already.  Bela and Ruby leaned in to hug the guy.  "Adam!  You're already cross-faded.  I love that for you.", Ruby rubbed his hair into a mess before stepping in.  The rest of them followed.
It was quiet for a minute.  Confused by the uncharacteristic silence, Cas finally looked up at the other two to see them looking at each other, mouths opened slightly and faces overcome with confusion, almost like they were holding in a sneeze.  Finally Gabriel spoke, "Can you fucking believe this kid?"
ass home more times than I can count."  Shit.  Benny.  Dean immediately regretted bringing him up.  Maybe Castiel didn't remember, like Charlie had said.
Castiel began to practice what he was gonna say when he entered the door.  Maybe something witty to lighten the tension?  Maybe something kind to buy him some sympathy?  Maybe something stern and confident to let them know he wasn't gonna be made to feel bad about his choices?
"Well I know my mama would be disappointed in me if I didn't appreciate one of her favorites.  Being a kiss ass is a full time job, ya know.  Even when she isn't here."  The four of them laughed together, and Dean's eyes eventually went back to Castiel's as the next song started.  Dean must have started a trend, because the whole bus sang along to this one too.  Funnily enough, it was "The Table of Plenty", as if Ellen herself was the DJ.
They were quiet for a while, when Dean started talking again, regaining his composure.  "So, they're gonna be in a rush when we get there, as usual.  I will have to run upstairs and change, but it won't take long."
"Your family, man.  Gabriel is the only one I know anything about.  I feel like I've gone on about mine enough times, I should know a little bit about yours." Dean responded.
Dean continued to looking at Cas with a loving stare and Cas smiled a little and then looked between the ground and Dean, his face reddening, and wiped his hands off on his pants before putting one foot in front of the other again.  Dean let him take a few steps of his own before Dean continued himself, still smiling at Castiel even behind his back.
Cas sighed and opened his eyes slowly, looking back at Dean pitifully as Dean looked down at him with worried eyes.  That's when Cas lifted his arm and squeezed the sponge on top of Dean's head with a shit eating grin on his face before yelling, "HA!" and flipping Dean so that he was underneath Cas.
Cas was still looking at the floor and was silent yet again.  Dean waited patiently, not wanting to rush him.  Cas started to talk again.  "Apparently he's getting married.  To the secretary."  Cas suddenly started to chuckle, then it turned into a full blown laugh.  Dean felt his heart drop as the laughing fit continued.  "My father!" Cas laughed, "Getting married to the
Dean chocked on his food and coughed a little to make it go down the correct pipe, "Excuse me?  Is Sam in rehab?"
Dean sniffled and laughed a little, thinking of those two.  Images of his mother's long blonde hair and his father's burly figure popped into his head.  The smell of his mother's iris and honey perfume and his father's cigar and peppermint smell danced across his nose and he missed them fiercely.  "They were absolutely, unequivocally, in love with each other." Dean said, looking down at the ground smiling even as one tear slowly trailed down his face.  "My mom was a real spit fire and never seemed to be able to keep her mouth shut, and my father was a real hot head with a lack of patience for bullshit.  They were at each other's throats as often as they were wrapped around each other, that's for sure."
Dean waved.  Gabriel continued, "Yeah we talked to them that one day that Cas was sick and didn't come to God class and you were in the bathroom.  That's when I got their numbers and later on we planned your little outing last night."
Dean reached out and grabbed Cas, maybe a little more aggressively than planned, and pull him into his chest and squeezed.  His fists were balled up in Castiel's jacket so tight, so glad that Cas was here with him and not in his house with that asshole.  He felt Cas melt underneath him and he started crying.  Not just quiet tears sliding down the face crying either, like they had done around each other a few times at this point.  This was as if Dean had punched down the damn that Cas had been barely keeping standing to keep his emotions in to get him here.  Dean moved his hands to Cas's hair and gently ran his fingers through it softly to comfort him and shushed him calmly.  "Shhh," he sighed, closing his eyes as he felt Castiel's tears dampen his shirt underneath him, "It's okay, Cas, you're here now."  They sat like that in that back porch for what seemed like hours, until Cas was finally out of tears, and his breathing returned to normal.
Dean walked up to the table and grabbed his plate, stacking more spaghetti on top of what was already there and grabbing a chicken breast from the cookie sheet in the middle of the table.  As he piled the dish with the other food at the table Ellen spoke up, "What's going on, Dean?"
Cas's cheeks went pink and he looked at Dean for a second before thanking him and stepping to the side.  Dean got on his tip toes and shoved Cas's backpack into the spot without a problem.  Those extra inches really helped him out.
The four of them arrived at the party around 11.  Dean thought it seemed early to show up to a party like this, but to be fair, he didn't usually know the people that he were throwing the parties he had been too.  They had all went out to eat beforehand and stopped by a liquor store.  Thankfully Bela had a fake ID and was able to buy four bottles of liquor without a problem.  They all had their backpacks, so they were easy to conceal.  Cas seemed to open up more at dinner.  He talked about his major and told stories about Gabriel and Balthazar that made the girls laugh, but all Dean did while he listened was look at the way his muscles moved under his hoodie while he talked.
Everyone quickly silenced and looked at her expectantly.  "So, Sam, have you decided who you want to be your sponsor yet?"
Jo snickered, "Sucks to be both of you"
“I will call one person up tonight to pick a religious song that resonates with them on a spiritual and emotional level.  They will come up here, I will play the song on the guitar, and they will sing it for the group.  If you don’t know the words, don’t worry, I have a book of hymns on me for you to look at.”
"Oh, hello my handsome boys!"  She squeezed them both individually as Jo ran up behind her with only one shoe on.
Dean continued to eat his food in silence, as he remembered the way Castiel managed to look so good in a battered old ACDC shirt and some ripped jeans.
Dean cleared his throat and sat down, trying to act normal, "It's okay man.  I guess I was just surprised that you managed to beat me here.  You guys are usually running it at the last second."
Gabe smiled and stuck his finger out to pause the conversation before yelling out again.  "What makes you think that it'll be Cassie on his knees?"
Gabriel whistled loudly through his fingers as Dean basically performed for the rest of the group.  Cas just continued to smile at Dean in disbelief.  When the song ended, the whole bus errupted into applause.  Dean bowed to Castiel first, making meaningful eye contact with him before rotating to bow to the rest of the crew on the bus.  Chuck got onto the P.A.
"Dean, would you stop slurping your spaghetti?", Jo complained.  "You're literally spraying tomato sauce on me when you do that."
Cas just chuckled, "Even when you look tired, you still look great, don't worry."  Cas lifted his hand to brush back the hair that had fallen into Dean's face.
That is, until he saw Dean, standing there, breathing heavily, his eyes seemingly sparking green in the moonlight.  His lips were glistening and they moved as Cas heard the muffled sound of the beautiful man’s voice.  Cas blinked hard and refocused when he felt a warm calloused hand on his cheek.
Charlie interrupted, "HE'S IN YOUR ROOM RIGHT NOW?  IN YOUR BED?!"
Castiel groaned and tilted his head back into the tiny amount of space left between him and the tree.  “Y-you’re so beautiful, Cas” Dean all but growled as he continued to rub Castiel over his jeans.  Cas felt like his skin was on fire.
"Whose ring is that?" Cas asked, out of the blue.  "I have been so curious for so long and I just need to know."
The whole group burst into a sea of whoops and whistles and a few people yelling “GOD CAMP” at the top of their lungs.  Chuck paused as he clapped for a moment and waited for the reaction to subside.  “Before I let you all relax and dig into your smores completely, I have one more task for the night.  We will do this both tonight and tomorrow night, but before I get any eyerolls, only one person has to do it each night.”
Cas and Dean need a little bit of a booze break.  Big conversations take place.
Dean’s whole face lit up and a giant smile broke out onto his face.  Oh, how the embarrassment tables have turned.
Dean laughed and yelled back, "I'm glad I'm not the only one who's struggling after last night."
Dean thought about that for a minute, and tried to let his anger die down before looking at Castiel again, who seemed to get angrier by the second talking about it.  His whole body was tense, his stare was burning a whole in the wall, and his jaw was clenched so hard, Dean thought the bone was going to break through his skin.  Cas's breath was increasing and staggering, seeming to be thinking about it more and more, when Dean disrupted that train of thought with a touch.
Dinner was delicious and Dean was all but 400 pounds heavier once it was time to clean up.  He leaned back in his chair and rubbed his stomach in discomfort, "I think I went a little too hard on that one, gang."
Dean instantly felt nervous for the person that was going to get called up.  He couldn’t imagine that level of embarrassment.  Chuck was really asking a lot of the people here.  Singing a song about Jesus in front of their peers?
."  The rest of the bus repeated, "
Cas giggled underneath him as Dean continued to get swept up in the song and sang the rest of the lyrics while taking the lead in the pseudo tango dancing that Cas had started.  They grooved along to the mellow tone of the song as Dean spun him around and closed in on him, acting like he was running through a scene in a play.  Cas played right along, giving into Dean's advances as he bit his bottom lip and played "hard to get" by pretending to brush Dean off as he sang to him.  It was getting close to the bridge now Dean was still singing, and he tugged at Cas's shirt as he danced, "
That’s when Cas spoke, his voice shaky and breathless.  “Dean”
Cas sits down with his brother and Baz and the three of them talk about the predicament that Cas has found himself in.
Dean turned his head to see a tall redhead make eye contact with Castiel and watched her eyes light up in excitement.  She detached from the group of people she was with, and ran over to the two of them with her arms wide, "Castiel!  What are you doing here?"  She hugged him tight and Cas seemed to stutter step in her arms.
Dean slowly reached his hand out in return, his breath hitching a little when their skin touched and replied, "I'm Dean.  I-I'm a criminal justice major."
"And you don't?" Charlie raised her eyebrows.
"Well..." Gabe started, "We more called him out on his obvious drooling over you and just didn't deny it.  Then we had a few drunken conversations about it when I told him to get a fucking move on, but he still hasn't and I can't figure out why."
Cas leaned over so his head laid on Dean's shoulder, basically collapsing on him, "Oh thank God, I was afraid I was going to have to go out with you guys."
Cas continued to stare into Dean's eyes.  "I drove.  I didn't know where else to go."  Castiel lived 4 hours away.  His eyes were filled with desperation and emotion, and Dean fought the urge to wrap his arms around him and hold on for dear life.  Dean looked behind him at what seemed to be Cas's family car, or at least the car that he leaves at home during the semester because Dean had never seen it before.  It was a beat up red truck that seemed to be built in the 80's.
Dean walked in and got lost for a few minutes before finding the room he was supposed to go into.  The classroom was cold, but colorful.  There were bulletin boards full of stain glass window projects done by students as well as biblical paintings.  It was all very nice to look at, honestly, and Dean felt comfortable in there.  He just wished that he had brought a jacket.  Jo had talked about catholic school not being as bad as people think it is, but Dean had no clue what to expect.
Castiel cleared his throat and the three of them looked over at him.  His dad, of course, gave him a cold look, but Hannah smiled from ear to ear and skipped over to him.
"You will never become, Dad.  Ever.  You are kind, you are thoughtful, and you have never, could never, and will never, hurt a fly."  Cas opened his mouth to bring up his other points when Gabriel put a finger to his mouth and continued, "And there is no way that Dean, or anyone else that you date for that matter, would be anything like Dad either.  You see everything.  You pick up on everything.  I mean, except for Dean dragging his tongue on the floor while he gushes after you that is."  Cas smiled a little at that.  "But the important stuff, you notice.  I have no doubt in my mind that you will never allow yourself to be with someone like
That's when Gabriel realized that Dean had walked in and walked over to him, covered in ranch dressing and spinach.  "Oh yeah, we've known them for a few weeks now."
That's when
Even worse, had Cas really just told Dean that he loved him back?  It’s not that Cas didn’t love Dean.  He definitely did.  He had for almost as long as he’s known Dean, but they had only just kissed a few hours ago?  What if Dean was just really moved by the song and acted without thinking?  This was all too much.
"Castiel!" She said, surprise filling her voice.
"Hey, Cas?", Dean called out almost in a whisper, careful not to bring Cas out of his train of thought to forcefully.  Cas blinked a few times, allowing himself to return back to the room and looked at Dean expectantly.  "Do you mind if I hook up my speaker and we listen to some tunes?"
Instead of getting up and leaving, he decided to curl into the couch a bit more and close his eyes too, letting Castiel's whistling snores sooth him to sleep in their dark suite common room.
Dean lifted his phone from his pocket to see that Balthazar was calling.  Dean answered, "Hello?"
Dean shook his head and stood up, smiling back at Cas before he walked out of the room to talk to Ellen.  After he assured her that Cas was fine after his slip, they cleaned up the floor from the mess that they had made, and finished up cleaning up the mess from dinner together.  The music continued on, but the two of them agreed to actually focus this time.
Dean pulled his bottom lip to chew on it before answering.  Charlie had known about Castiel.  Dean talked about him almost every coffee meeting Monday since he met him.  Dean didn't even have to tell her that he was into him.  After a few minutes of talking about him after their first religion class, Charlie had nailed him about being a lost cause.  She want to know everything that happened from start to finish, and he wasn't really prepared to explain how he had royally embarrassed himself.
Dean thought,
Dean chuckled, "Yeah, liquor will do that to you.  Especially when you drink like you did last night."
Before Cas moved himself, he called out slightly, "Cas, huh?  I like that."
Cas finally looked back into Dean's eyes, and Dean could see the tears starting to pool up again.  "Well, you're safe here, Cas.  I hope you know that.  You can stay as long as you want."  Cas lifted the corner of his mouth into a small acknowledgement.  Dean continued, "Do you want to tell me what happened or do you need a minute?"
Dean walked through the finish line of finals week on all fours and barely breathing, but he did it.  Grades still wouldn't be in for another week or so, but Dean wasn't going to let it bother him too much.  He knew stressing about what he may have gotten would do nothing to affect his scores at this point, so he just put the thought out of his mind.  Winter break was about three weeks, and Dean was incredibly excited to go home and do nothing but relax for a little while.  Well, do nothing but relax, and work at Bobby's auto shop that is.  He knew he wouldn't get away with sitting on his ass the whole time.  Bobby wouldn't allow it.  Dean didn't necessarily mind though.  He loved working on cars.  He would just pop in his headphones and jam out as he worked, usually allowing himself time to think as well.
Dean swatted her arm lightly and gasped, "Don't even think about it, squirt."
As Dean filed in the isle on the inside of the bus, he was surprised to see the layout before him.  He was expecting two columns of seating and an isle in the middle, but this bus actually just had a few clusters of seats facing one another, more like the layout of a train.  Dean sighed a tiny sigh of relief.  The four of them would be able to sit together, and he wouldn't be stuck on an awkward journey with just Cas for two hours.  They picked a cluster towards the back and Dean sat on the same side as Baz, so that Gabriel and Cas were sitting across from them.
When they made it to Dean's room, Dean made his bed and straightened it up to make it more comfortable with his friend.  "You'll sleep here and I'm gonna be right here in the room with you in my sleeping bag," Dean explained as he leaned across his bed to tuck the blanket in against the wall.  "so if you need anything during the night, I'll be right here."
Ellen interrogated Cas a little bit and was able to figure out what he liked to eat in order to make his final home meals before the semester started up again.  Dean's favorite meals were pushed to the side, but he didn't even noticed.  He would've cooked the damn meals if that's what Cas wanted.  Cas ended up asking for homemade mac and cheese one night, steak another, and on their final day before leaving for campus, Cas asked for bacon cheeseburgers.  When Dean pointed out that it was also one of the meal's that he had wanted, and Cas assured him that he had asked for it so that Dean would actually get to have it.
“What the hell was that noise you just made, you weirdo?” Dean asked watching as Castiel’s face got pinker and pinker in front of him.
Damn, she always seemed to know.  "I'll be okay, mama.  I should head in though, I'll talk to you later."
"Definitely" Dean muttered, now close enough to Cas that Dean could hear him breathing.  They paused, and Cas looked down at Dean's mouth quickly before looking back up into his eyes.  Cas darted his tongue out quickly to coat his lips with moisture and Dean quickly reached his left hand down into the filling sink and splashed a huge wave onto Castiel without breaking eye contact.  He smiled a giant, teeth showing, goofy grin as Cas gasped in surprise, now dripping onto the floor.
Once he and Cas had both put down all of the food and dishes from the dining room table onto the kitchen table, Dean spoke, "If you want, I'll deal with all of the left overs and the drying.  I know you don't know where any of the Tupperware is or where any of the dishes go, so I won't force you to figure it out."
Dean grimaced.  Castiel was still sick?  I guess for your first hangover you should just go big or go home.  "I didn't do anything to him, he was the one who decided to chug the tequila like it was water."
Dean looked at Cas with confused eyes, feeling a little bit bad about the fact that this fact cheered him up a little.  Cas contined, "I was smiling and talking back to him to be polite but, his breath was horrid."
"Sam is your brother.  He's the one who is getting confirmed and why you have to get confirmed now.  Jo is your adoptive sister, who is 17 and will be 18 in a few months.  I remember you saying she was mildly aggressive.  Ellen is your adoptive mother, and Bobby is your adoptive father.  Ellen is affectionate and maternal by nature, Bobby is quiet but stern.  Ellen runs everything, but gracefully and with love." Cas seemed to roll off the information as if it was his own.  Dean was impressed.
Dean stood back and let go of Cas, and Cas dropped his arm from Dean's shoulder and stumbled a little.  "She's pretty", Dean stated, forcing a smile, "How long have you too been together?"  Cas looked at Dean and cocked his head to the side in confusion before laughing so hard that his whole body reacted.  Dean panicked internally.  Was his jealousy that transparent?
Cas sighed as he threw his head down again, fighting the urge to run away and never look back.
"Sir" he squeaked.
Castiel rolled his eyes, "Well if you had told me that we hired someone I could have been more prepared."
Dean looked back over at Cas, who was now lost, again, in a completely different song with the rest of the company they had arrived with.  His smile was wide and the sweat glinted off of him as the strobe lights drifted over his figure.  Cas looked over at him and waved his hand for Dean to come over, and Dean smiled.  Of course, following Cas without a second thought.
Dean looked over to find Cassie walking through their old row of seats to the isle, and then walking up the steps to meet the rest of them.  "You would think walking around was too much to ask" he quipped, rolling his eyes.  Cassie finally walked up in front of Dean and leaned on the seat in front of him.  He reached his hand out to shake Dean's and said, "I'm Castiel.  I'm a mythology major."
Dean sighed, "I wish it was just whiskey.  I'm pretty sure tequila made an entrance at some point." He shuddered at the memory.
Suddenly, there was a knock on the door.  The family stopped talking and looked at one another, looks of confusion spread across their faces.  Bobby spoke up, "Anyone invite someone over?"
Dean let her ramble on in hopes that she would get lost in her own thoughts and forget about her original question.  Unfortunately that strategy did not work and she looked at him expectantly.  Dean took a deep breath and started fiddling with the label on the to go cup.  "I was with Cas."
"Wait, what?  What were you doing up so late?"
Dean had turned onto Grayson Rd, the street where campus began before he finally spoke, his voice sounding odd breaking the silence they had both gotten used to.  "I just want to say thank you, for what you did at breakfast today."  His voice was quiet and calm as he spoke.  "Not everybody would've known what to do in that situation, and you didn't even bat an eye.  I appreciate it."
"Who are you, and why are you in my kitchen?" Castiel growled, trying hard not to soften under the tender, and honestly fond gaze he was receiving.
Instead, he knew that the farm life wasn't for him.  It never had been.  Yes, he always gave an extra hand.  He was a part of the house after all.  But, all that said, he knew he wanted to be a doctor.  Hannah on the other hand, she loved the farm life, and she was the one in line to inherit the place when his parents bite it.  Dean would be a good partner for her.  Someone who actually likes the life, and handsome to boot.
"How long have these been on my side of the room, man?"
Dean lurched forward and grabbed Cas into a tight hug.  He ran his fingers behind his neck and clenched his fist in his shirt as he hugged him as hard as he could.  He felt Cas jump a little in surprise underneath him before Cas too, fell into the hold and buried his face in Dean's neck as Dean comforted him.
Dean ruffled up her hair with his palm, "Have you come to your senses and dumped my brother for me yet?" He joked.  Of course he didn't mean that.  He had nothing but great familial and platonic love for her, but this game they played to annoy Sam was tradition at this point.
Dean responded,
His brother smiled back and returned the greeting.  "Dean has told me a lot about you!"  Dean glared.
Castiel ripped open his blackout curtains to be met, not with the dark inky dawn that he was expecting to see this morning, but instead the blazing sun and bright blue sky of normal hours.  He squinted to adjust to it.  Castiel let out a loud groan, only imagining the shit he was going to get from his father about this.
He rolled up to their building and only waited a few minutes before he saw movement at the door.  Cas came out in a light blue dress shirt and a black tie and his normally spiky and unkept hair was combed and gelled to look perfectly respectable.  He looked great.  Once Dean was done being distracted by Cas's outfit, he noticed that he was alone.
Dean scrunched up his nose and shrugged, "It's nothing.  Nothing I can really fix, anyway."
Dean stopped fluffing and turned around to look at Cas, tears entering his eyes again.  Dean had never seen eyes so blue before he met Cas, and Dean felt his knees turn into butter.  Dean walked a few steps closer to Cas, and Cas turned toward the window trying to get his emotions back in check.  Dean walked around and intercepted Cas's line of sight and stood before Cas looking down at him.  Cas gnawed at his bottom lip and avoided eye contact again as another tear slipped down his cheek.  A lump formed in Dean's throat and his fingers started to tingle as he guided his own hands forward to cradle Cas's face in both of his hands.  Cas's breath hitched and he looked up at Dean, his eyes saying about 50 things at once.  Dean's breathing started to stagger and Cas started to move his face in closer, so slowly that Dean wasn't sure it was actually happening at first.  Dean felt like he was floating and having a panic attack as he began to move his face down too.
Dean rolled his eyes as he walked Cas over to his bed and laid him down, "'M Cassiel" he slurred, "Deanie likes to call me, Cas, though".  Cas batted his eyelashes and bit his lip, looking at Benny's naked chest.
Negative: Cas was hot for Benny and not him
The shit smell got more and more intense the closer to the barn he got.  Castiel's nose scrunched up in disgust and tried his best to shake it off before he reached his father and sister.  He walked through the barn door to see them all laughing at something that Castiel had missed.  His father was holding his stomach in a belly laugh, how you knew he really thought something was funny, Hannah was giggling behind her hand, something she did when she was flirting with someone, and Dean had a shiteating smirk on his face, telling Castiel that he had been the one to drop the joke.
It was still quiet between the two as Cas finished clearing off the plates and Dean watched him.  He kept opening his mouth to start a sentence, and then pulling back.  He probably did that three or four times before Cas stood up, and that's when Dean picked up the mashed potato bowl and began putting the left overs into a Tupperware container as if he hadn't been staring and attempting to break the wall.  Dean was getting more and more nervous the longer they were left alone in the kitchen.  This was a difficult situation.  Did Cas only want to kiss Dean because he was thankful, and knew that Dean was into him?  Did Cas actually want to kiss him at the time, but has decided that he doesn't actually like Dean anymore because of Dean's lack of action?  Did Dean take advantage of Cas in the emotional state he was in, and now Cas was disgusted with him?  He had no intention on taking advantage of Cas but, just because the intent wasn't there didn't mean it didn't happen.  He just wished Cas would talk first.  That way he could get a read on how Cas was feeling.  Did he want to try that again?  Did he just want to move on and act like it didn't happen?  Maybe if he wasn't such a baby he would just ask him.  He didn't want to pressure Cas though.  He wanted Cas to make the first move.  He wanted Cas to be in control of what happened next between them.  Dean owed him that much, since he hadn't been in the position of control the past couple days.  This was going to be on Cas's terms.
Finally, Dean lifted his head and looked up into the risen stand for the person handling the music.  This was a elevated spot in the floor that was surrounded by speakers in the living room across from where Dean and the rest of the group were standing.  There was always someone in charge of the music, almost always a person who lived there, and some times people would go up and give requests. Behind the lights and speakers, there was Gabriel, making direct eye contact with Dean as he slid the kid in charge of the music a twenty and grinned wickedly.  Gabriel winked and Dean shook his head.
Dean blinked in surprised.
Dean laughed and threw on the radio as he drove off of campus.
Dean reached for the wedding band hanging from the chain on his neck once again before he opened his mouth to admit where he was going to his roommate.  He knew Benny would make fun of him.  Not in a real, hurt your feelings, bully way.  In a, you're such a push over for your mom, way.  He knew he would never hear the end of it.  Benny was a good roommate.  He always kept his side of the room tidy, and on his side of the room.  He ALWAYS invited Dean to come with him to every party or hangout that Benny was invited to, and he was really good at keeping it down when Dean was sufficiently hung over.  He was even a pretty decent wing man.  As good as he was though, he was also a total ball buster.
Dean rolled his eyes and whined, "But man, you just made me
"Yeah, I'm here.  Laughing my ass off but, I'm here."
expression before going back to his dinner.  The two of them were quiet for a minute, and finally Benny spoke up again.  "When are you supposed to be going on this trip with him again?"
Finals were coming up and Dean was all but ready to die from stress.  His chemistry class had a two-hour final, his anthropology class had a two hour multiple choice and essay final, his art history class had a 10 minute presentation, and his intro to criminal justice class had a five page paper due on Friday.  He had been in and out of the library in between classes all week and was running on a dangerously low amount of sleep.  Instead of putting water in his thermos every day, he was now starting to substitute coffee to get himself through the day.  They had one more day of religious ed left before break, which was in two hours.  Dean and Charlie were sitting in a pile of their own notes at one of the tables in the back of the library when Dean slammed his head down against his keyboard in frustration.
Please comment and let me know, any interest in a Cas POV chapter?  I know this is third person, but it's mainly third person in what Dean sees and feels, not so much Cas.  I realized that it might be interesting to see things from his point of view at this point in the story, but let me know what you think in the comments if you want!  If you have an opinion on it, try and let me know soon because I would do it on the next one.
Dean felt his cheeks heat up in embarrassment, "Oh, yeah, sorry Cas.", he muttered.
Sam took his shot too, proposing the same offer, only to Bobby.  Bobby's expression was soft, in a way Bobby's face very rarely got soft.  "Of course I will, son."
"As I live and breathe, little brother!?"
"Thanks" Dean threw out to the two of them before storming off to the woods in search of Castiel.
"Well don't get too excited there, princess, he told me he had the hots for Benny the second he landed in my bed.  I wouldn't classify it as a win."  Dean went back to his coffee and looked out the window as the information hit Charlie.
“Cas?” he asked, sounding innocent and sweet.
Charlie scowled and crossed her arms, "What? How did you manage to get out of that?  I had to do it sophomore year of high school.  The dress was so uncomfortable."
Cas chuckled and pushed Balthazar's hand away teasingly before Gabe added, "Yeah, you wish you thirsty bitch."
Hannah barged through the bright red door into their tiny kitchen, her arm still holding Castiel close as Naomi and Zachariah Novak waltzed in from the back of the house to face them.
Dean was immediately embarrassed.  Of course Castiel was perfect enough to actually
Once the bonfire was lit and everyone got comfortable and started roasting marshmallows, Chuck stood on one of the picnic tables and called everyone’s attention.  The group turned around to face him and noticed that he was holding a guitar in his hands.
The way their buildings worked on campus, was that you were able to get into other people's buildings during the day, but after midnight until about 6 am, your card only works on your own building.  Cas was locked out.  Dean nodded and looked at Castiel, who was now lost in thought again and still swaying in his spot.  He was now looking down at a button he had found in his pocket and was inspecting it closely.
"Every time I get a snowflake to fall on me I try to see if I can see the unique shape of it, but it always melts before I can see the whole thing." Cas sighed.  "It's moments like this that I wish humans had microscope vision."
She saw everything, that one.
Dean began to follow him with a smile on his face before he felt a hand grab onto his sleeve forcefully, pulling him back in a jerking motion.  It was Bobby.  He looked at Dean sternly and spoke low, so Cas and Ellen couldn't hear, "Listen to me, son.  Do not let that young man get away from you."
"Jealousy, cher.  Jealousy." Benny explained.  "Find someone else there to hit on, and do it in front of him.  If Castiel really likes you, he'll get all bent out of shape and weird about it.  If he doesn't like you like that, he will probably just ignore it, or even worse, he'll try and be a wing man for you.  Not to mention the added bonus of reminding him that you're not just gonna dote on him forever, and that there are plenty of other fish in the sea for you to catch if he doesn't get a move on."
Cas didn't seem to notice either and looked at Dean with a taunting grin, tipping his chin up at Dean confidently, "Is that a threat, Winchester?"
Cas thought for a minute, "I hadn't officially thought about it, Sam.  I suppose I will choose my brother Gabriel.  Have you decided yet?"
Cas was quiet a lot of the time.  He was constantly listening and thinking.  There were a lot of times that Cas would just smile to himself at a funny comment or roll his eyes at a stupid joke, but didn't feel the need to reply or speak like so many other people, including Dean, needed to in order to feel like a part of the conversation.  When Cas did talk though, it was always a well calculated and amazing use of his voice.  It was either a zinger that decimated whoever was talking before him and made them all drop their jaws, an explanation of something the rest of them didn't understand that made perfect sense, or a really well thought out response to something that we had to read, or conversation they were having.  Cas was not only thoughtful, but articulate, and Dean had never met someone like that before.
Gabe looked at him with a grin and then answered, "Because I like you sweetheart.  You're funny, you're macho, you're chill."  Dean still didn't understand.  Gabe rolled his eyes and continued, "I didn't want it to seem forced, buddy boy.  You're good for, Cas.  I knew you would be the second I met you and you're tiny little voice quaked when you talked to him."
Dean flipped her off.  She stuck her tongue out at him.
Dean took a breath and thought about this information.  Then, he took off his backpack and unzipped to find the bottle of tequila that Bela had purchased for him.  "Well, Cas,", Dean started, "Rule number one of house parties: they are no fun sober."  Dean unwrapped the bottle and took a swig.  He handed it over to Cas who seemed like he was breathing even faster now.
Dean smiled.  God, he loved her.
"They're important to you Dean" Cas stated matter-of-factly, looking at Dean sincerely, "Of course I remember what you said about them."
Charlie looked at him, the confusion returning to her expression, "Why do you not sound excited?  This is a good thing isn't it?"
Cas nodded and Dean pulled up to the curb in front of his house.  He held his breath and him and Cas exited the car and made their way to the door.
Oh.  Of course.  Those two snakes slithered out of it to make sure that Dean and Cas went alone.  Those dicks.  Dean just rolled his eyes and chuckled a little bit.  "Cas, if you don't want to go anymore, I completely understand."
Before Cas knew what had hit him, Dean wrapped his arms around him and flipped him over so that Cas was on the ground and Dean was hovering over him.  Flashbacks of sponges and slipping slithered their way into Dean’s brain and he smiled a little at the memory.
He knew she was being sarcastic, but still, he realized that, he kind of did.
Cas leaned down and whispered to Ellen as she finished up spiffing him up, "Thank you for everything."
Anna smiled and put both hands on Castiel's cheeks and put their foreheads together, "It is about god damn time, man"  They both giggled and Cas kissed her on the cheek before leaning back to escape her hands.  "Make sure to get home safe, babe.", she said, "The tequila I can smell on your breath is gonna slam you soon." She ruffled up his hair as she walked away, slapping him on the ass before moving on.
Dean thought about what Cas was saying.  He couldn't imagine not wanting his father.  That being said though, he couldn't imagine having a father that would just up and leave him either.  "You have other siblings?", he asked.
Cas tried to stick up for him, "No, he's right.  My intro to Greek myth is really slamming me a lot harder than I was expecting it to."
Dean’s balls rolled around in Cas’s hands as Cas sped up his movements, the bitter taste of precoma coating the inside of his mouth.  This may only be his first time doing this, but Cas already knew that he had a taste for it.
Castiel knew this was a bad idea.
Hearing it in the destiel context was just so golden I found myself wondering if there were any fics like that and then I remembered that I can actually write one myself if there weren't any.
Had that really just happened?  Did Dean just tell him that he loved him?  Cas felt his hands get slippery with sweat and worry as he felt his vision start to blur.
Dean smiled and he felt his chest warm up a little.  Cas was so damn adorable.
After about a half hour of dawdling and getting ready for the day, Castiel schlepped himself down the hall and toward the kitchen.  Maybe he'd make a bagel for himself and a pot of coffee.  If he brought out a cup a' jo for his father, maybe he could get some forgiveness for not getting up on time.  Castiel rounded the corner into the kitchen when he jumped so high in the air, he just might have knocked his head against the ceiling, and flipped his back against the wall of the dining room/kitchen corner.
Castiel flipped them off and made his way toward the cabin to finally go to sleep, hearing Gabriel yell to him in the distance, “Make sure to be gentle with those overworked knees, baby brother!”
"Am I really that obvious?", he asked.
Benny shrugged and looked at Dean with a smirk, "Some fellas got it, and other's don't I guess."
Dean and Cas looked at each other and shrugged.  Cas answered, "It's going good so far, I suppose.  We still have a lot to go but, we've done two different community service days and a month of courses.  We only have a few months left, two more community service days, and the retreat."
"Yeah I'll be sure to tell him, Sam." Dean rolled his eyes and pulled the door open.  His eyes widened in surprise and he blinked about 50 times, not moving or talking for a few moments.
Dean couldn't help but laugh.  He knew that voice.  They were in serious shit.
Dean did nothing but gaze at him for a few moments, and then was shocked back into reality by Chuck playing the sound of church bells on his phone to get everyone's attention.  "Alright everyone, that's the end of the class for tonight.  I hope that you were able to find some people to call your own as we continue with this process."  Gabriel took the opportunity to lean across to Dean with a fist bump ready.  Chuck continued. "Next week we'll actually get into the meat and potatos of these courses.  We'll be discussing the gospel as well as what it means to be catholic in this day in age.  I will try my best not to make it boring-"
Hannah slung her arm around Castiel's shoulders and started walking them towards the door.  "C'mon Castiel, it won't be that bad.  They're just a coupleuh old cranks.  They'll lay off in a few days, you'll see."
Baz just shrugged, okay with that assessment.  He got back to his dancing, but this time, the girls joined in.
Also I feel like this chapter is long, and I'm kind of afraid I'm sucking at this whole writing thing.  A lot more happened than I was planning on.  Whoops.
Cas moved his hands from Dean’s face down to his shoulders, grabbing furiously at the back of Dean’s Patagonia to pull him even closer.  There was a fire under Castiel’s feet and he couldn’t get everything he wanted from Dean fast enough.  Cas finally parted his lips and Dean almost immediate dove his tongue in to explore Cas’s mouth.
Cas ignored Dean and only sucked harder.  Dean yelped and gripped Castiel’s hair even tighter.  Cas was determined.  He could do this.  He could swallow it.
Dean looked down at the crumpled-up Cas in his lap, and realized that he was giggling like a little kid.  Cas gripped onto Dean’s jacket as he laughed and it was actually pretty sweet.  Relieved that they were both okay, Dean laid back down and started to laugh with Cas, feeling his chest warm up in fondness as he felt Castiel’s body shaking in giggles on top of him.  Dean’s hand traveled from the small of Cas’s back up into his messy black hair and began massaging his head ever so slightly as the two of them started to calm down from the shock of the fall.  Dean could feel Cas started to draw patterns on Dean’s chest with his finger though the thick material of the Patagonia.
"I had a doctor's appointment today, Dean.  Ellen asked me to stop by and grab a check that she left at the house to drop off to her at work on my way back from it."  She pulled out the check from the mail she had been sorting threw and whacked Dean on the head with it lightly.  "Good to know that you have bat up there though."
"It's finally happened", he grumbled, "I'm finally out of juice."
Dean got the message loud and clear, and carefully set Cas back on the ground before tip toeing over to the door.  Dean looked over his shoulder at Cas, who was tip toeing right behind him and smiled, before putting his fingers in the air and silently counting down.  He mouthed,
"I sure have", he answered looking Cas dead in the eye before looking back down at his hands, "I sure have."
He could hear Benny's laugh from behind him as he shifted his duffle bag back on his shoulder and made his way down the hallway, sporting a chuckle of his own.
"Oh, I have my bag all packed and ready to run away with you, Dean." she shoved his hand off of her head.  "Now run upstairs and get changed before we're all in trouble."
Dean is able to start religious education through his college.  There some interesting people in his class.
After a moment of silence and a few more steps Gabriel stood up a little straighter and gasped, "I'm a genius!" He yelled.
On the way back to campus, Cas and Dean sat in the car in silence.  The radio was playing softly, but they weren't talking.  It wasn't an awkward silence though.  It was more of a peaceful one.  A thoughtful one.
Dean and Castiel showed up at the homeless shelter with the others that chose that route.  There was only 2 other people with them.  A surprisingly large amount of people chose the babysitting option, much to Dean and Castiel's surprise.  Their names were Bela and Ruby, and they seemed nice enough.  Dean talked to them a lot about their classes and other college experiences as they worked.  Dean could tell they were forced by their parents to be there to by their serious amount of contempt for where they found themselves.  They could barely make it 5 minutes without complaining that they didn't want to be there.  Their negativity didn't seem to get to Cas though.  He just continued folding and organizing clothes, seemingly unaware that they were even talking.
Once it was just him and Hannah, she slapped her hand on his back before saying, "Aw, didn't you miss all this, little brother?"
Dean looked up at him with calm eyes and smiled in an effort to put his anxieties as ease, "It's okay, Cas, I'm right here.  Just hop down, I'll catch you."  Dean didn't think it was possible, but Castiel's eyes seemed to get even wider at the idea.
"Castiel", he growled.
Sam was interrupted by the door being shoved open, and Jo walked up to Dean's dresser and grabbed his deodorant, quickly putting it on.  "C'mon, ladies.  We gotta go." she quipped before walking out of the room and walking down the stairs.
"You've gotten taller.", his father stated, matter-of-factly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm still waiting for my brain cells to grow back, thank you." Gabriel retorted.
He finally broke the silence with a quiet “Uh…hi” and Gabriel and Balthazar started cheering and whistling.  He saw Cas reach over and punch Gabe in the arm and Dean continued.
"Don't judge me, Sam!  I love Mrs. Butterfield!  She makes the best chocolate chip cookies in Kansas, but I can only handle so much of the world's loudest instrument."  Dean squinted his eyes as the sun glared directly into them.  He hadn't even turned on the radio during the whole drive out of fear that his headache would worsen.
The family made their way out the door, the rest of them circling Cas and Ellen as they gawked at the new visitor, asking him questions like a bunch of hungry hens.  Jess pulled Dean back though, her hand grasping Dean's forearm tightly, "He's cute, Dean.  It's about time you brought someone home."
Chuck cleared his throat at the front of his room to give the room the time to quiet down before he got started, and then he welcomed everyone as he brought up the slide show for that day.  Cas lifted his head from Dean's shoulder and Dean longed for it to return.
Dean wanted to puke.  Dean wanted to puke and punch something.  He couldn't imagine anyone putting their hands on Cas in a way that wasn't tender and soft.  And Gabe?  They were both too good.  How could they have been hiding a past like that for that long.  Dean felt horrible.
Dean only chuckled in reply.  "I only came in here for a cup a' water, alright?  I'll be outta your hair in just a minute."
Dean couldn't believe it.  Of course Gabriel had been behind that.  There was no way someone would play such a romantic song in the middle of a house party full of drunken 18-21 year olds.
"You basically run to the dining hall every Thursday for burger night, I know that it had to be on your food list."  Cas tilted the edge of his mouth into a small smile as he looked at Dean with a sparkle in his eye.  Dean smiled back and then looked down at his plate.
"We can't all be brilliant enough to ask for outside help" Baz laughed.
Dean cleared his throat and looked down at his pants, "Yeah, Cas, really."
have hooked up with him."
Kelly smushed her face into his shoulder and snuggled in close.  Castiel could smell her sandalwood and honey perfume.
"Then what is taking so long?!" Gabe complained.  "I mean Jesus, Imma be like- 80 thousand years old with a beard down to my fuckin' package before you make a move."
The religious ed classes continue.  Dean and Castiel go on their first community service run.  They end up at a party together later on one of them gets pretty shitfaced.
gay couples kissing in the cabin at a Catholic retreat?"
Cas didn't speak up instead he pulled his knees up to his chest and shoved his face into his legs.  Dean picked up the answer for him.  "He's my roommate.  Cas caught him with his shirt off last night, and it made him basically drool all over my sheets."  Dean tried to add a little teasing tone to his voice to mask his hurt.
Gabe threw himself back in laughter, forgetting that he was attached to Dean and Dean almost fell on his ass.  They stumbled back in balanced and Gabe answered, "Cassie is like- the BIGGEST Mac Miller fan on this entire planet of earth, man!  And you?"  Gabe stopped in his tracks and pointed his finger in Dean's face with a smile, "You are a horny son of a bitch, and I knew it wouldn't take a lot to break ya.  Plus I saw the Mac Miller sticker on your laptop."  They started walking again.
Dean groaned and let go of Cas's wrists as he dramatically flopped his head down on Cas's chest in frustration.  He felt Cas wrap his arm around him and pet his hair before whispering, "Go let her know we're okay.", still chuckling against his ear.
Dean realized that Cas had been staring out the window as Dean finished up putting the left overs away in the fridge.  He seemed incredibly lost in thought.  Dean hated to interrupt him, but he didn't want to scare Cas or disrupt him even more by starting up the dishes or anything without letting him know.  That's when he got an idea.
Charlie and Dean walked to their chemistry class and managed to slip it right at 8 o'clock.  They had stayed at the coffee shop a little bit longer than usual talking about what had happened with Cas the night before.  Charlie had assured Dean that him crying a little bit at the mention of his dead parents was not the end of the world, in fact is was completely normal.  Although, she understood why he wished he hadn't.  She told him that Cas probably didn't even remember it, considering how drunk he ended up being.  Dean hoped she was right.
The two songs mentioned in this chapter can be found here if you are unfamiliar with them and are curious.  This Little Light of Mine: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKkbIZtqhyQ The Table of Plenty: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_t8O_PwPlKA.  When I'm writing, to kind of put myself in the situation when I know song is playing at a certain part, I'll play the song when I read it back to immerse myself, and it always makes it more fun if you wanna try.
Suddenly, Dean heard the suite door shut behind him and he turned to see who had entered.  It was Castiel, his face white as a sheet, but he was in different clothes now.  He was wearing purple flannel pajama pants and a huge led zeppelin t-shirt.  He looked gorgeous even though he looked horrible.  He was rubbing his eyes with the heel of his hand and groaning.  Once he opened his eyes all the way and he realized Dean was there, in front of him, his eyes widened.  "Dean", he said, voice still soft and deep.
It's not like Castiel was deflecting out of internalized homophobia.  He was out and proud at home.  Even though no one expected it, his family literally did not care at all that he liked men.  Not one bit.  In fact, the fact that he left for Northeastern was more of a shock to the system than his admittance of his sexuality.
This is a Cas POV chapter.  It is going to stay in third person as it has been so far, but the narrative will follow Cas's thoughts and action as it has for Dean in the past.  It will go back to Dean's perspective next chapter and probably will stay that way until the end, but maybe we'll pepper in some more chapters like this in the future if it goes well!
Dean was cut off by his realization that Castiel had fallen asleep some time ago.  His head was pressed against Dean's side and his hair was all mushed to his forehead.  Dean just smiled and looked at Cas with adoration while he breathed against Dean's ribs.  Dean was so into the movie that he hadn't even felt Cas lay against him.  Quietly, as not to disturb him, Dean leaned back and pushed Cas slightly forward so that Cas's head moved around to lean against his arm instead of his ribs so Dean could press himself against the back of the couch and not squish Cas.  Cas squirmed a little bit at the movement but settled against his new spot against Dean's body after rubbing his face quickly and sighing against Dean's sleeve.  Dean slung his arm around Cas and allowed himself to relax into the position as Cas slid a little bit so his head was now on Dean's chest.  Dean looked at his watch and saw that it was 3 am.  Gabe and Baz would be back soon.
Finally, Dean grunted and bit out one last obscenity before his cum started flooding Castiel’s mouth.  He swallowed around his dick in a frenzy, determined to get as much of it down his throat as he could, loving the salty stickiness.  He unfortunately felt some of it dribble down his chin, but he decided it was pretty good for a first time.
The more Dean started to wake up, the more the memories from last night started flashing into Dean's mind.  The dancing, the red-headed girl, and- shit.  The ring.  The band that was hanging down and laid against Dean's chest in this moment seemed to feel heavy on his shirt as he remembered.  Cas had noticed the ring and asked him about it.  Dean had told him about his parents.  Not everything, but enough.
Cas stopped him, "Of course not, Dean.  I want to go.  They seem great, from your stories, and I want to start putting faces to names."  Cas looked down and put the car into drive.  Dean looked up at him, surprised.  "Now let's get going, we're going to be late!"
Castiel sighed and figured he should probably try to get along with the guy, seeing as he was pretty sure he might be taking his sister out in the foreseeable future.  After he was done eating, he poured his father a cup of coffee, black of course, and made his way out to the barn.
"Hm?" Cas grunted, asking what Dean was laughing at without using his words as he fiddled with his keys to get the suite door open.
Once it started to get dark outside, Chuck gathered everyone back together and announced that they were going to build a bonfire as one of their final team building exercise.  Dean, Gabe, Baz, and Cas all let out groans of relief at the fact that the day’s forced family fun activities were almost over and got to work with the rest of the group to start putting the wood for the fire in the correct formation.
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut and curled into himself further.
The movie was almost over, and had reached it's resolution, and Dean was filled with emotion and appreciation of the movie.  He was so excited by what happened in the end, he was sitting on the edge of the couch to get closer to the TV screen.  He turned his head to talk to Cas, "Cas did you see that she-"
Balthazar laughed for a while, wheezed actually, trying to catch his breath before yelling out away from the phone, "Cassie, is that true?  Did you really chug tequila on your first night as a real college student?  That's so hilarious."  Balthazar returned to the phone, "You've corrupted our little goodie two shoes, you scoundrel."
Dean was trying to level his breathing when Cas asked, "Do you just wanna hang out and watch movies at the suite with me while they're out?  I don't want to be in a loud and intense atmosphere tonight, but I don't want to just sit around and do nothing."
Before Dean got a chance to alert the group of his presence on his own, Balthazar made eye contact with him and smiled wildly.  "Ah!  Just the beautiful Ken doll that I wanted to see!"  Baz ran a few steps to reach Dean and threw an arm around his shoulders before grabbing his coffee from Dean's hand.  "Thank you for this.  You are a true hero among men."
That's when, right on time, Cas lifted his hand to Dean's cheek and sang with a dirty grin shining on his face,
been his favorite, anyway.  He finally put her down and smiled from cheek to cheek.
Dean nodded to himself and thought about it for a second.  "Okay so, Sammy's gotta do this confirmation thing now?  That sucks."  He snorted.
Before Cas even adjusted to the new spot, feeling his hair getting pulled into Dean’s fists, Dean moved down from Castiel’s lips down to his chin, then his jaw, and down to his neck.  Cas gasped as he felt Dean’s hot slick tongue peak out to lave at his skin.
"Hey if it is Mr. Sutton, tell him it's about time he shaves the creeper 'stache, I'm tired of looking at it when I see him at the garage." Sam called out.
Cas took a sip from his water and then looked out the window for a minute before looking at Dean, his soft and caring expression from before now rock solid and solemn.  "The man couldn't seem to keep his fists to himself."
Dean's looked at Sam and Ellen.  "Wait, is that true?"
I just want to let you know, my semester back at college is starting again, so it's gonna be a lot longer between chapters.  I'm gonna do it at often as possible, it just is going to be a little less frequent than it has been.
Sam let go of Dean and he stepped to the side to allow Cas to introduce himself to his brother.  Cas stuck out his hand formally and smiled, "I'm so glad to finally meet you Sam.
It had been a quiet walk back to Castiel's suite once they had parted ways with Baz and Gabe.  The two of them had tried their hardest to convince the other two to go with them for one last hurrah before they went home for Christmas, but Cas and Dean were certain that they would rather be anywhere else but a loud and sticky party going into finals week.  Gabriel left a parting gift of a wink to Dean before saying, "Behave you too" and walking off with Balthazar.
It was quiet for what seemed like an eternity.
Balthazar gasped dramatically, his hand falling to his chest, "Kinky!" he replied, and finally the three of them managed to pull themselves back into the lecture that was being taught.
She crossed her arms and scoffed, "I mean, I could always just tell Ellen when I drop her check off that you're acting weird and that I'm worried about you, and then you'll have her to answer to."
Cas saw that Dean's hand was shaking with rage and he folded his own hand around Dean's in an effort to calm him, "Not at my house anymore, but it doesn't matter.  You going face to face with him will do nothing."
Hi.  I'm back from the dead.  Sorry.
"I appreciate your enthusiasm Mr. Winchester, but please get back in your seat so you don't hurt yourself."
Cas is staying at the Singer's house for a few days before him and Dean need to leave to go back to school.
"Hey, Dean?" Sam started, "When are you going to be done for the year?  Like do you think you'll be home on May 15th?"
Dean reached out to Castiel’s forehead with his left hand and brushed away some of the hair that was matted to his skin there.  His hand moved down to cup Castiel’s face and grazed his thumb across his cheek bone, still looking at Cas like he could really see him.  Cas pointed his face down and kissed Dean’s palm and nipped at it a bit, still making eye contact with Dean.
“Oh Cas—” He whispered, his hot breath skating against Castiel’s pulse point.  Dean moved his head up from Castiel’s neck to look into his eyes.  Cas swallowed and fought the urge to move his eyes away from the gaze of tenderness that he found himself under.  He didn’t deserve the amount of fondness pouring out of Dean right now.  He knew he didn’t.
"That's the spirit!" Gabriel said, almost a little too loudly.  Castiel reached over and punched Gabriel in the arm.
"I love the logic there, kid."  Dean finished up by tightening the tie just tight enough that Sam wouldn't be uncomfortable.
Just so you know, this chapter talks about domestic abuse.  Please be aware and read with caution.  I am a survivor of an abusive family member, so I know that this might be difficult to read if you went through similar circumstances.  I tried to keep it concise so it isn't for very long and certainly does not take up the whole chapter.
"Well, at least you'd finally know, regardless of how it goes."
Gabe laughed quietly and leaned into the group muttering, “Oh shit, looks like it’s kumbaya time”
Dean saluted the two girls and ran to the door, Castiel lagging under neither him.  Thankfully, they were able to make it out to the driveway before Cas let any out.  When they finally stopped though, it all dumped out of Cas and didn't stop for a while.  Dean leaned over with him and patted his back as Cas vomited into the patch of dandelions against the side of the house.  "It's okay, buddy." Dean reassured him, "We've all been here, just let it out."
"He spent my entire life being a violent and miserable man, and then he went and cheated on my devoted and hardworking mother with his secretary.  She has broken up about a dozen marriages other than my parents'.", Cas spat.  "After my mother caught the two of them, he collected his clothes from his dresser, his DVD's from the shelf, and none of us have seen him sense."
Dean was overwhelmed with appreciation for Castiel in that moment, and felt his hands move from his waist down to his thighs, and yank Cas up to throw his legs around his own waist.  He was holding Cas now as he slammed his mouth against Castiel's.  Cas's hands gripped onto Dean's hair as Dean stumbled backwards a little, squeezing his hands around the give of Cas's thighs.  Cas opened his mouth against Dean's slightly, and Dean was quick to slide his tounge into Castiel's mouth.  The kiss turned desparate, and Cas whimpered softly into Dean's mouth.  Once Dean felt confident that Cas's legs were strong enough to stay around Dean's waist without the help of his hands, Dean moved his hands up onto Castiel's waist again, this time pushing Cas's clothes up a little to feel the hot skin underneath his all of the warm winter clothes.  Dean wanted it all right here, right now.
"Is water wet?"
"What do you think?" Dean grunted, not making eye contact.
Cas started to squirm in his spot and looked around for second before laying a hand on Dean's arm and saying, "Don't worry about it, I shouldn't have come here.  I'm sorry for disturbing your family's evening", and turning trying to walk off the porch.
“In fact, your little display of enthusiasm is what made me choose you to go first.  You’re clearly comfortable with singing and performing so, you’re the perfect choice to break the ice.”  Dean just stared.  Chuck continued, “I am not changing my mind, kid.  So get up here.”
"Oh yeah, because a religious ed class is a good place to pick people up?" Dean snorted as he let himself be pushed out the door and into the hallway.  He slung his backpack over his shoulder and left for the theology building.
Okay so maybe was a little bit of a fraidy-cat.  Whatever.
In that moment Dean loved him.
Dean had to attempt speaking a few times before it Castiel could actually understand him, “Umph, Cas, I-I’m close, honey.  You’re gonna have to let go.”
"Yeah, it's the one across from the fountain."  Dean answered.  "It's about two hours, so I won't be home until later."
She smiled and pinched Dean on the cheek, "Much better now that you're here, sunshine."
"You..had sex with Benny?" Cas asked
Cas felt like crying as his brain suddenly became filled to the brim with emotions, each of which tugging him into a different direction.  Sure, it was nice to hear from someone else that Dean had feelings for him in a blatant way, when Cas has been in love with him since almost the first interaction they had, but fear and doubt were quick to follow.
Dean instantly was filled with worry and dread that he could feel in his feet.  What if Cas suddenly was panicking and didn't actually want anything to do with Dean?  What if he had just completely freaked Cas out with so much emotions.  JESUS CHRIST, DEAN HAD JUST TOLD HIM HE LOVED HIM.  IN FRONT OF EVERYONE.  Dean began to search faster.
Ellen reached over and swatted him, "Hey! Don't laugh too hard you're gonna get started on it too mister."
“Dean” Cas moaned out, latching his fingers into Dean’s soft hair.  He was getting breathless and he felt Dean move one of his hands down to Castiel’s right nipple, rubbing it into hardness as Cas bit down on his bottom lip.  “I meant it, Dean” he whimpered, “I meant it completely.  I’ve been in love with you ever sense I handed you that sign in sheet on the first day of religious ed.”  Cas felt his breath catch as Dean moved his mouth down to his collar bone and nibble against the thin skin there.
Castiel felt his glare soften.  He knew that.  He could tell that his nerves were beginning to fan his temper, as they often did.  He took a deep breath before throwing one last pair of jeans into his duffle and pulling his friend in for a hug.
"Out?" she looked confused, "With who?  Couldn't have been Benny.  I saw him in my building last night when he dropped Andrea off across the hall.  I'm surprised they haven't gone at it yet."
"Well, it's basically you officially telling God that you're on his team.  Usually people do it when they're 16, but you can do it whenever you want, actually.   You just have to take like, an ass load of religion courses and then you go to God camp, and THEN you get to tell the Bishop that you're good to go." Charlie explained, "The sponsor is a person you pick to represent you when you do it, kind of like a god parent but you can pick anyone except for your actual parents."
Dean quickly said thank you to everyone for listening and shook Chuck's hand before jumping off the picnic table and lightly jogging over to where Cas had been standing just moments ago.  Dean swung his head around swiftly, looking to see if he had just walked over to a group of people to talk, albeit it was unusual for Cas to do something like that, but Dean wasn't sure where he possibly could of gone so fast.
.  Dean cleared his throat and tried, but failed, to keep his crimson blush from creeping up from his neck to his cheeks.  He rose from his seat and dared to place his hand at Castiel's middle before saying sort of quietly, "Here, Cas.  Let me."
"Yeah I'm sure."  Dean felt the sarcasm radiating off of Gabriel's response.
Cas’s memory zoomed back to a few days after his conversation with Baz and Gabriel.  After their several cracks about Cas being the bottom and getting down on his knees for Dean, the two of them came to the realization that Castiel had never even been blown, let alone blown someone else.  That train of thought then lead to a three hour “blowie training course” as Gabriel so eloquently put it, where Cas was taught all the essentials to a successful blowjob.  It took a little bit of practice, but eventually Baz and Gabriel were high fiving and hugging him and showering him in praises at being a blowjob champion.
Ellen looked down at her plate.  She didn't move for a second.  Dean knew she was trying to keep it together.  Finally, after what seemed like hours of silence, she gave up, and looked at him with love and tears streaming down her face and nodded intensely.  Bobby draped an arm around her and kissed her shoulder, rubbing her arm reassuringly.
Blondie answered for him by turning around to face Dean again, "We do but who cares?  Hangover's always make things more interesting."
Dean finally started to slow down his fingers and Cas started to relax a little.  Dean continued to kiss Castiel down his neck and onto his collar bone and then lifted his hand up to slide it into Cas’s hair, which was starting to mix with the leaves that were on the ground.
Chuck started.  “Alright everyone.  First of all, I would like to congratulate you all on completing your first day of your confirmation retreat!”
"Don't you have to go back to school?" He asked.
He just started manically laughing and Sam did too before saying, "Hey Jo, wipe your right cheek, you seem to have a little something-"
"I don't think I've ever felt my blood run as cold as it did the second I heard him scold my name in the middle of that party.", Dean remembered, "I'm pretty sure if I had been any drunker I would have pissed myself."
So here we are.  I hope you enjoyed that explanation lmao.
Dean blinked a few times in order to come to terms with all that was happening in front of him, and then he suddenly realized that the two girls that were food fighting with Gabe were Bela and Ruby.  Dean just stood there staring for a minute when Balthazar finally noticed he had walked in and stopped himself from ballroom dancing to greet him.  "Deano!  I'm so glad you could make it!"
It was time for their first community service run out of the four they had to do before the big day.  It had been written in the class calendar since the first day of religious ed, but it seemed to sneak up on Dean.  There were a lot of different choices to pick from.  There was working as a food organizer at a local food pantry, another choice was being a babysitter for the people at the local church who were in prayer group, and there was also a choice to organize the clothing that was donated to the homeless shelter into sizes, styles, and getting rid of the ruined clothes.  Dean knew there was no way he would want to work for the prayer group parents.  Nothing against them, he was sure they were great, but being locked in room with 15-20 kids with only other college kids to help?  Fuck that.  He would pull all of his hair out one hour into the job.  The other two options seemed okay though, and they were similar enough choices that Dean didn't really care which of the two he had to do.  He figured he'd just ask the gang what they preferred and doing whatever they picked.
“Come on, baby.  Open your eyes.  I want you to look at me.  I want to see your beautiful blue eyes as you come in my hand.”  Dean’s voice sounded like someone else due to its lust filled and gravely tone.
A single tear slid down Cas's face and he bit his bottom lip before managing to mutter, "Okay, Dean."
When he finally pulled back, he reached behind himself and looped Dean into his body, with his arm around Dean's shoulders.  Dean had to steady himself by grabbing on to Cas's other side, his hand managing to catch a little bit of heated skin when Castiel's shirt rode up above his hips.  "I am here with my confirmation friend.  We spent the day being good summarittens-" Cas slurred, "and now-" he hiccupped, "I'm intoxicated".
"Well, when I took off after you, I heard Chuck tell Baz's team to join up with ours to make up for our abscenses.", Cas pointed at the two of them, "And I guess Baz doesn't mind the egg smell."
Dean shook his head but couldn't help but smile while he watched Cas attempt to get ahold of himself.  Dean began to chuckle too as Cas wiped his eyes.  He much preferred watching Cas cry out of laughter than the alternative.  It was definitely easier on Dean's heart.  And his rage.
Dean could not believe this.
Castiel reached and grabbed Dean's shirt and pulled him down to his own face, "Hey, wanna hearasecret?"
The two of them spent the ride jamming out to music and Dean felt more contented than he ever had before.  He watched Cas as he got completely lost in the music and looked out the window as he sang at the top of his lungs, and in that moment, he wished his Mom was here to see this.
Ellen smiled and Bobby nodded before Cas walked out into the kitchen with Dean, his arms full of dishes.
Dean had introduced them a few days after the tequila incident.  Charlie had begun to threaten homicide if she didn't get a chance to "check out the merchandise".  Of course, they hit it off.
"Michael is he oldest, then Raphael, Gabriel, Duma, and then me.  The rest of them are kind of dicks so, Gabriel and I don't really talk to them that often."
Dean wasn't quite sure how it happened so suddenly, but Dean's breath hitched at the last message and he felt like his chest was warm.  Castiel never had any problem saying kind words to him, and it made Dean feel uncomfortable but warm at the same time.  Not uncomfortable as in he didn't like it.  He loved it.  In fact, maybe he loved it too much.  He just wasn't used to someone who wasn't a family member showing him that level of affection.  Dean supposed that's what made Cas special, the fact that he just said what he meant to people, without letting anyone make him feel weird about it, like Dean had so many times in the past, which kept him from allowing himself to be vulnerable with others so frequently.
Hearing the sound of her son's laugh, Ellen finally turned around and saw Dean.  She spread her arms wide and gathered Dean in for his own hug, and any tension that Dean had been holding in his body suddenly turned to mush as he accepted a hug from his mama.  She muttered something about it being about damn time, and Dean kissed her on the head.
Dean was basically on top of Cas the whole time, making sure he didn’t get a splinter from handling the wood to the point where Cas had to tell him to relax and kissed him on the cheek when the others weren’t looking.  Dean’s face blushed up and he hoped Cas and everyone else wouldn’t notice due to the darkness.
But then he realized, it was just two assholes.
Dean dodged, "Well, I'm sorry we haven't seen a lot of each other lately, but we're about to make up for it by spending three whole days together."
Dean stopped trying to murder his dumplings with his fork and finally looked up at Benny, his eyes full of annoyance.  "Why don't you just talk to Andrea?  Ask her why she hasn't dropped her pants yet?"
Dean blushed and smirked to himself without looking back.
"Nothing quite says early February activity quite like outdoor camping" Balthazar rolled his eyes.  "Our cabin better be fucking heated or I'm hopping into one of your sleeping bags for body heat."
"Welp, he doesn't fuckin' like me, dude, what the hell do you expect me to do about it?"
Cas finally returned to his spot on the couch across from Dean and he took a deep breath.  "There isn't much to tell in all honesty," Cas began, "my mother's strict and conservative, and my father is gone."
"No fuckin' way" Castiel replied, slipping right back into his accent only 15 minutes into his homecoming.
Dean threw his head back and sighed.  After a few minutes of silently pouting and pondering, he looked back up at Ellen pitifully, "Do I really have to do it, Mama?"
Cas just blinked in surprise as his jaw dropped open and he spun his head to glare at his brother, who was just chuckling as he made eye contact with Cas.  There were about a million questions on Castiel's mind, and they were all flashing through his mind a mile a minute.  Overwhelmed by all of his thoughts, the only thing he could think to say is, "Why does everyone expect that I'll be the one giving the blow jobs?"
Dean looked down at his phone and giggled.  He didn't have to think twice.  He was out the door faster than he could remember the name of their building.
There's only a little more than a month left until confirmation, which means that the retreat is coming.  Cas, Gabriel, Balthazar, and Dean are getting prepared for the weekend long trip with Chuck and Jesus.
he snarled.
The song mentioned is "Blue World" by Mac Miller, which can be found on Spotify, and on YouTube here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GC2wFTCAGY
P.P.S. This chapter has been updated.  There was a lot of extra information added in this update, so make sure you've read the updated version so you're not confused later on.
I'm back from the dead.  Sorry for the delay.
Cas smiled wide and nibbled on his bottom lip, "I would love to come, thank you for inviting us.", he replied, not breaking eye contact with Dean until Ruby spoke.
Hey everyone!  I'm sorry this took so long to finish.  As I said last time, I'm back at college, so that means I live, eat, and drink school now.  I'll be sure to stop and write whenever I can though.
Cas bit his bottom lip and his cheeks turned crimson.  Fuck.  Maybe Cas did remember.  "Benny, your roommate?"
Jess cocked her left eyebrow and rolled her tongue over her teeth, looking at Dean like he was an idiot.  She didn't buy it.  "Try again."
Dean nodded.
When the two of them strolled up to Cas's door, Dean held onto Cas's bag as he fiddled with the keys.  "I feel bad that you're carrying all of my stuff, I could've managed." Castiel said, shoving the key in the lock, "You've already done enough for me these past few days."
Cas squeezed his eyes shut and held his breath before finally jumping down from his spot on the sill.  Dean was ready to grab him, and actually managed to do so, before falling backwards, Cas in his arms, due to Dean’s lack of preparation of Castiel’s weight hitting him so quickly.   They were on the ground in seconds and Dean quickly sat up in fear that he has seriously hurt Cas.
about him that had stirred something in Dean the same way Cas busting into the barn had done all those years ago. Jack had just smiled and stepped aside and then there was Cas, lines in his face and happiness in his eyes, and Dean had been rooted to the spot, just staring, as Sam and Eileen took their turns hugging him. Dean was last, only moving once Cas said his name, small and unsure, and that kicked Dean into motion; he'd stepped forward, feet like lead, mouth dry, until he could pull Cas in close and hold onto him, press Cas into him until he could feel the beat of his heart against his own.
"Mm," Castiel hums, and his eyes flick past Dean's head to the clock on the microwave. Reaching up, he pulls the pen from between his lips, and he raises an eyebrow at Dean, something very professorly forbidding about his expression. "It's 9."
want?" he asks, all sly and shy and teasing and knowing and
while Castiel shares some choice student errors and it's pushing midnight when Castiel finally leaves, lingering in Dean's space before kissing him softly.
Distantly, the bell rings, and Dean groans, dropping his head to his chest.
that.
“C’mon, Sam. We want Cas to have a
"Like
Castiel chuckles and shakes his head. "I don't know, Dean. I ask myself that frequently. I'll stick with the nuns and sexy Jesus."
"Oh yeah." Jo's face twists slowly into a smile as she remembers, and Dean snorts.
"That's blasphemy, Dean," Castiel says, and he tilts his head. Dean isn't sure what the appraising look is for, but it's making him forget the room around them and then remember it again with painful clarity.
The wheel stops with a lurch when they’re on the top, and Dean reflexively grips the edge of the seat, knuckles turning white, and he closes his eyes to breathe. He really wishes they didn’t have to have this conversation on top of a Ferris wheel of all fucking places, as if he doesn’t feel sick enough.
Dean closes his eyes tightly, and he knows why he called Garth, a monster trying to make his way through the world, trying to make it right, trying to chase happiness and defy every rule that says that Dean should put him in the ground, defying his father's code. He sees Benny then, feels the warm, easy companionship that had felt secret and right and pure and that ultimately, Dean couldn't keep.
"Calm down, boy. Ain't nobody gonna bat an eye at the two of you. If they do," he adds, eyes narrowing, "they'll have bigger problems."
Somehow he doesn't manage to leave Castiel's house until it's getting dark. He probably would've stayed if it didn't feel too ridiculous, too
They lay like that for a few moments. A car rolls by, the tires a gentle sound as they roll over the pavement, and the silence stretches out just long enough for Dean to feel something past the adrenaline, just long enough for the anxiety, for the panic, for the fear to creep in and remind him of what it is that he's doing, who he's doing it with, and just who's going to get hurt at the end of it all.
"I'm not sorry." His voice is gravelly, hard, like it had been years ago, sparks still dying on a wooden floor. When Dean looks up, Cas opens his hands at his sides, eyebrows raised. "I won't apologize for telling the truth. I did what I had to do to save you."
Dean watches him go and isn't sure how he managed to make Castiel's life worse by offering free at-home car service, but he isn't about to flake out now. One, he misses cars, and two, the opportunity to see Castiel's house is far too tempting. He can't really figure out why, but he's feeling a Sam-shaped absence, and Castiel doesn't really fill it -- but standing around getting grease under his nails, telling Castiel to hand him this or that? Yeah, that could help.
She lifts her eyebrows, presses her lips together. "Mm. Do you? 'Cause if you're looking for something to buy," she gestures to the shelves, "and if you're just looking for Cas, he's in the back. You have time to make it look like you're here for totally regular reasons."
"No, it was 6:45. You're fifteen minutes too late." He sets the pen between his lips again and turns back to the essays in his lap.
The sun is bright and warm, and the bees buzz merrily around Cas as he steps carefully from hive to hive, checking on the colony, harvesting honey. He did manage to drag Dean in to help him briefly, and it was pretty cool to have the bees bumping into him and careening away again, looking like drunk little puffballs with wings, but this is more Cas's thing than Dean's, and eventually he drifted back to where he left his beer. Besides, it's better from a distance, he thinks, to see Cas with bees crawling on him, gently waving them away from his face as he studiously tends to them.
Cas hums, and it vibrates through Dean, making him squirm a little. With a huff, Cas sits back, though he leaves his hand on Dean's shoulder.
"Please, may I use your phone?"
Dean feels Cas's hand on his back and he stops mid-hum, part way through the song that'd been in his head when he woke up that morning. Cas's hand is on his neck, and Dean barely has time to register what's happening before he pulls Dean down for a kiss. It's warm, and it's quick, and then he pulls back with a smile.
" he murmurs, his voice hazed with lust.
"Generally, yes, in different ways. Since you've mentioned it, I've been seeing it in you -- the big brother tendencies." Dean lifts an eyebrow and Castiel shakes his head, amused. "I think you benefit in being only an older brother. You have the same confidence that my eldest brother Michael has. The others are at once older and younger."
"You said 'fuck'," Dean mumbles, once he has his breath back, and Castiel laughs softly.
Dean wishes Sam wouldn’t look so relieved when he cuts him off.
to torment him. The Laws of Big Brother-dom just
"I've always been interested in languages. Spanish was my first, but then in high school I got the Italian Rosetta Stone and taught myself. When I got to college, I double majored in Spanish and Italian, with a minor in French, and I took classes in Latin. My MA is actually in comparative literature -- I picked up Portuguese for that," he says with a smile that's definitely encroaching on self-pride, and Dean would jump on him for that except
They say their goodbyes, and Dean steels himself to go back to the living room. Castiel has Dean's laptop on his lap, checking his email; he doesn't look up as Dean settles back in beside him -- with a little more space between them -- and hits play on the remote.
Dean leans back, pulls a face, and Cas chuckles softly as he pulls Dean back in for a kiss.
Castiel steps forward, tries to pull Dean into an embrace but Dean pulls back—not a rejection, but not an invitation for touch either.
They had to make those, the three of them sitting in this living room like he and Bobby are now. Actually, Dean and Bobby had been more into it than Sam, who was 14 and surly and who had long given up the Christmas spirit after 14 years of less-than-ideal celebrations. Dean had been hurting; it was his first Christmas without his dad, his first Christmas of real, official adulthood even if it felt like his tenth, but Sam’s grumpy face and empty sighs were probably the worst part of that Christmas.
"It's okay," Cas says to Corey as he slides off the stool and approaches Dean. Dean notices that Cas nicked himself shaving that morning, the red spot standing out sharply amongst the afternoon stubble that's already begun to fill back in. Cas stops in front of him and lifts his eyebrows, expectant, questioning. Dean's examination of Cas is thorough this time, not letting one more detail slip through the cracks, and he takes in every piece of information like the evidence that it is, to be filed away and cataloged for later.
Dean nods at first, and then manages to dig up the words. "Yeah, I'm fine, just... wanted to talk to you."
He gestures to himself and tries not to be embarrassed for the term, but it's accurate and he's in grad school, right? People throw around "hegemony" and "teleological" every day like they know what they mean; he can use big words too. Castiel's mouth twitches from its firm line, but it doesn't reach a full smile. That's okay; Dean knows you really have to work for those. There was a time when they came easy for him. They'll get back to there; he's certain of that.
-- he wants to talk about this after all. Where it feels almost impossible with his brother, with Charlie -- with his sister, maybe, it feels less impossible. "The deal was he could live until he felt a moment of pure happiness, and then the Empty would grab him."
He pauses, and Dean's relatively certain he's waiting for Dean to say something, to stop him from disappearing out of his life again, but his throat is dry, and finally, Cas shakes his head.
Before, it was always like he couldn't wait to get out of his room, every chance he got. Being in his classroom meant being
"Are you going to tell me what happened back at the party?" he asks, rounding on Dean. He can never quite get his apartment bright enough; probably he needs a different kind of fluorescent light in his kitchen, but right now his apartment's full of a murky orange glow that makes shadows in the corners and in Castiel's eyes, though Dean's not convinced that's entirely a trick of the light.
"Cas, I... I'm not good with this stuff," he says finally by way of apology, and really, he hasn't had all that much practice. It'd never felt right, even when he had it and he was happy in some way or another, but somehow, this feels like something Dean can hold onto it.
The cart stops three quarters of the way up, and Dean can see the tops of cars stretching out for ages when he turns his head to look at Castiel, who’s resolutely staring ahead of them.
He’s a regular at this one bar, drinking away his inactivity and frustration at being left behind again, though he knows it’s necessary. It’s necessary for Sammy, as he’s told Dean countless times, and Dean can accept that. It doesn’t mean that he won’t still feel like he’s going crazy, and it doesn’t make him feel any less far away from his father.
Dean had said those words, years ago--
that Dean's mind quickly catalogues it and files it away. "
"Just wanted to call and say hey." He sounds chipper, which Dean figures is normal for him, but then he doesn't say anything else, and Dean switches the phone to his other ear.
Dean mumbles a reply and nuzzles against the pillow, and he wonders if he ought to be concerned that Castiel’s amusement melts into that urgent hesitation again. He decides that if it isn’t a question on comps, he can’t really worry about it right now.
“Um, I guess.” Staring, he swallows thickly and tastes cheap beer and chlorine. Dimly, he wonders if he should’ve brushed his teeth, but he pushes that thought away. “What’re you saying, Cas?”
"Cas, I'm sorry," he blurts, and Castiel's throat bobs. "It was a shitty thing to do. I know that now -- I knew that
Dean's coming out of his office, bag over his shoulder, when he glances up at the sound of approaching footsteps. Castiel smiles warmly in greeting, and Dean gives one right back, even though he's definitely not doing any of this flirty thing, nope. He's just being polite.
"But you'll miss the winery thing," Dean points out with a frown. "I could come over now; I just need to get my toolbox -- "
"Dean--"
He could call Castiel, could pray to him too, and he turns his phone over and over in his hands, warming it with his palms while he decides. Calling Castiel back means he wants this, doesn’t  it? It would mean that he agrees that taking Castiel to bed would be a great idea, that there’s nothing strange or weird or wrong in it at all. He doesn’t know if he agrees with that, and he doesn’t know what he would do if Castiel
The trouble with Dean's plan to come out to Bobby is that the conversation has to start with something other than an inarticulate grunt or a vague comment that skirts around the topic at hand, because when things start
"And I know there are ways I could be more creative, but -- " Dean shakes his head and watches one of his seniors, Claire, make a dive for the frisbee, but she trips and fumbles it. Dean and Benny give her a slow clap, and the kid gives them a bow. "I just don't have the energy, man. I'm not gonna plan something that I can't just flip a switch and turn virtual as soon as I need to, you know?"
Castiel considers them a moment longer and then turns a fairly hopeful expression on Dean. “Can we taste them?” Dean laughs out another no, and Castiel frowns at the case, clearly disappointed. “That’s idiotic. Why display them if they aren’t available to be eaten?”
He just wants to make it last, to lose himself in the heat of Castiel’s body and the firm line of his mouth for just a little longer, but Castiel’s moans are mounting to short cries, and Dean knows he’s near the edge. He grips Castiel’s cock, and it’s only a few strokes before he looks at Dean, utterly bewildered, and then it hits him, and he’s crying out in pleasure, shaking beneath him. Dean follows almost immediately, and he collapses onto Castiel, sweaty and breathless and exhausted but warmer and happier than he’s been in a while.
Mollified, Cas looks Dean over and then nods. "Alright."
"I..." He swallows, his throat bobbing, and Dean's eyes follow the movement darkly.
"You don't owe me anything, Dean," he says, before Dean can even begin whatever speech it is that he may have rehearsed.
"You got food to eat?" Benny says, eyeing Dean's lunch of so far one soda, and Dean waves at him.
Dean's jaw clenches briefly, and he sets his beer down, anything to keep his eyes off Castiel's fond, faraway look. "You know what's funny?" Castiel looks up, but Dean doesn't really need the acknowledgment to continue. "Sam always said -- well, he wished, anyway, that our Thanksgivings were more normal. You know, big family, big table full of food, lots of -- lots of Hallmark shit, and bonding, or whatever."
The keys jangle as they drop into a dish by the door, and then Cas is standing in front of him, his lips redder than ever, his hands hanging at his sides. See, this is why he didn't want things to slow down. There's an awkwardness here now that they're looking at one another, forced to stop, forced to realize what it is that they're doing. What Dean's doing.
“Um—” Dean manages when she puts her face in his again. “Um, cat—”
Sam grunts his agreement, and Dean redoubles his focus, being careful not to mess this up. How Castiel reacts to that, Dean doesn’t know, but he resolutely ignores that he hasn’t moved, standing near enough that he can feel the edges of his coat against his back.  He can’t think about that, or his hands might falter. Once he’s done, he stills, considering his work, his lips pressed into a tight line. Nodding, he finishes up, removing the excess string, and he re-sanitizes the wound, listening to Sammy hiss in pain with some regret.
"Well, what'd you think?" Sam has his arms crossed over his chest, and he's happy, but nervous too, a kid again hoping he'd done a good job, gotten Dean a good present, made him happy.
The gravel crunches behind him, and he feels Cas get closer, a radiating warmth against his back that threatens to burn too hot.
Dean glances at the "couch" -- really it's more of a loveseat. It's not that comfortable to sit on, but he refers to it jokingly as their waiting area, and it is pretty convenient when students come around. Reaching out with his foot, he nudges it.
God, he'd missed him. Straight up and down, he'd missed Cas, and he doesn't deserve it, but he shoves himself a little more upright and waves him in.
"I know." She turns the smile up brighter, just to rub it in he thinks, and then she nods down the hall. "We did get some new stuff in. Mostly books, which are admittedly pretty cool."
"Your bedside manner could use a little work." He grins and gives Castiel a big wink, but Castiel only blinks at him until Dean shakes it off. "You'll get the hang of it. Customer service voice is weird at first, but it's not too bad. Though usually I'm just talking to people about their dead grass, and not..." He gestures vaguely at the nearest shelf, which happens to be butt plugs. "You know, their ass."
