Peter frowned, a bit frustrated, and John rolled his eyes. "I'll cut you a deal. I'll teach you on shore leaves, but that's it. No more-"
Sherlock heard Isabelle whispering to John but managed to keep still, staring off into space like he had been seconds before but listening in on their conversation.
Peter cautiously looked at John, and John nodded, giving the boy permission to go. As Peter stood, John said, "Keep what you know about Sherlock and his business to yourself, alright Pete?"
"What were you doing in a bookstore this late?" John questioned skeptically, holding a hand out to the boy. Peter placed the paper in John's hands, and John started to unfold it. It looked like the paper was torn out of something, maybe a book, because only one edge was rough and jagged.
"He took it." He replied, sounding surprisingly coherent for the first time since the conversation began. John's hopes raised just before the look of reality shifted from Oliver's eyes. "The rat. It takes everything off of everyone."
"What?" John prompted, confused. Sherlock knew what it had been like when John lost Mary, so John didn't understand what Sherlock meant.
"Definitely not." John agreed. "I might not have realized it, but I've been waiting for this for a long time."
John limped up the stairs to the floor above, Sherlock following behind and Peter walking beside his Captain. He was there beside John in case the weather was bad or the waves were choppy; John couldn't easily stop himself from falling in those conditions, nor could he brace his fall with his arms because of his left shoulder. Unless he was instructed, though, Peter didn't offer his captain support. John didn't take kindly to help offered to him because of his injuries.
"It's quite alright, Oliver." John reassured. "We can look it up, don't worry. Focus on keeping calm, we'll worry about the logistics."
." Sherlock immediately replied. "That would be while I was dismantling Moriarty's organization. When your life depends on how fast you move you learn to do things quicker, as I'm sure you're personally aware. You know, being a soldier and all." He opened the door and glanced at John, being met with an odd look. Suddenly Sherlock remembered that he had never told John about
, John." Sherlock snarled, bouncing his knee impatiently and making the whole bed move with the movement of it. "I've-
Sherlock looked at John softly, his heart aching. John didn't have to finish explaining his dream for Sherlock to understand what had happened to them both. It explained why John was shell-shocked when they sat out here in the living room that night with Rosie, calming her down. Sherlock had incorrectly assumed that the subject of his dream had been Rosie, not both Rosie and Sherlock. Now that he understood, he felt the urge to comfort John somehow. Admittedly, that surprised Sherlock. Sherlock wasn't known to be a comforting personality, yet he was willing to try and likely fail if it meant that John would be comforted.
"It doesn't take a degree to figure it out." John looked back up at Sherlock's face. "Besides, I of all the people we've interacted with over the years know what a defense mechanism looks like." Sherlock, bemused, smiled softly.
"You were an army doctor." Sherlock stated plainly. His accuracy startled John. "Your books. They're medical journals."
"Don't. Move." John growled, staring down the man. He was in his thirties, maybe young forties, with balding brown hair and green eyes.
"You'd like me to decipher the message." Sherlock interrupted, unfolding the paper John handed to him. "Do you still have-"
"Uh..." Oliver rubbed his hands over the knees of his sweatpants. "W-We had a meeting. A support group meeting. Doctor Stone's assistant led it, her name's Isabelle. She's really sweet - she makes sure Lane gets his chair and she helps calm Audrey when she has a panic attack."
- The deduction came to Sherlock like a freight train had slammed into his chest, nearly knocking the wind out of him.
Sherlock's eyes went wide and he felt his cheek with his hand, horrified to find that John was correct. He was blushing, and undoubtedly it was worse now that John had pointed it out. Sherlock looked away and avoided John's eyes, burning up under his intense stare.
"There's a lot you don't know about me, Peter," John sighed, "but you know enough to answer that question."
The crew hesitantly nodded, and John smiled, pleased. "Alright then. Wait until further orders." John turned his head to look at Sherlock and Peter, telling them quietly as the conversation began to pick back up in the room, "Follow me."
"He's a detective." John tried his best to explain in simple terms, unsure of how coherent Oliver was. "We're both here to help you. You're in Scotland Yard - did you know that?"
John stared wide-eyed at Sherlock before he left out a surprised laugh. Sherlock paused as he looked over the first message, slowly turning his head to look at John.
His heart stilled when John sat back down and leaned closer to Sherlock. John let out a soft gasp of horror and Sherlock squeezed his eyes closed, his whole body tensing with anxiety. Why did he care so much about what John thought of him? Why did he care about John seeing his scars, seeing his body? It was stupid, stupid stupid-
"You won't shoot." The man heaved out, grinning madly. How he was qualified to care for the mentally ill, John wasn't sure. He looked quite literally mad.
"Sherlock-" John breathed, running after the two. He followed around the corner of the cabinet and threw an open door at the back of the room, blinking a couple times at the harsh white color of the room. Once his eyes focused, John noticed Sherlock yanking the man back in by his trousers' leg from the broken window he was trying to escape out of. John rushed over and grabbed the man's ankle and, with a frustrated shout and adrenaline-fueled strength, helped Sherlock yank the man back in. The man cursed and fell onto the white tiled floor with a hard thud, splatters of blood landing next to him. A bloody hand print was left when he went to stand up.
"You'll eat something soon, dear Watson." Sherlock interrupted, busily looking over the walls and shelving units. "First, however, we must find where Oliver escaped from."
"Poor Ollie." She finally breathed, removing her hand from her face. The front door opened and the bell chimed, causing John and Isabelle to glance over. Isabelle continued, correctly thinking that the tall pale man that entered was with the kind doctor informing her about Oliver. "I've no idea where he got out, we checked everywhere."
"Well don't you like to cut to the chase? Alright, well in that case..." John tilted his head. "What does 'Redbeard' mean to you?"
John and Sherlock arrive at Scotland Yard to find the Yarders, particularly Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade, in a tough situation. Being the medical expert on scene, John meets the man that Greg called him about.
Rosie brought John from his thoughts, smiling and standing up in her crib, tiny hands holding onto the top of the wooden railing. She rubbed her eyes with a balled fist and John smiled softly.
"How are you doing?" He asked, putting his hand on top of Sherlock's on his side. Sherlock swallowed and John tried not to think about how oddly intimate the situation was.
Pulling away with a soft, "One second," John rolled over onto his back then sat up with a soft grunt. His fingers worked at the collar of his button up, and Sherlock watched the fabric shift along his sides while he laid behind John. As the fabric became looser with each undone button, Sherlock slowly sat up. He could tell John's shoulder was bothering him, even if it was just a little bit and John wasn't aware.
"Hello, Oliver." John greeted, offering a small smile with the hope of reassuring him. "Do you know where you are?"
John shouted at the men, making sure they wouldn't mistake Peter for their personal messenger again, then sent them off to scout the island and return back if they found something relating to a well. John stood above deck for half an hour, watching his men search before they disappeared behind the island's landscape. He was about to head downstairs when he saw one of his men waving his arms about on the shore, holding a bottle in his hand.
"You go." Sherlock waved a hand as if to bat the idea away. "Testimonies are weak, people are liars, and besides," Sherlock started to walk down the alley at a slow pace, scanning the ground and walls for abnormalities, "you're better with people anyways."
John broke the kiss, trailing little pecks from the corner of Sherlock's mouth, along his cheek, and down his jawline. Sherlock shivered just slightly, hands resting on John's back.
Sorry it's taken so long to finally finish this fanfiction! I had my own mental roadblocks to go through before I was ready and willing. I hope the wait was worth it, though. Thank you for reading!
"Uh, okay." John absently replied. "I'll admit, I didn't expect you to know that you'd need to... Or that you'd be..." John trailed off and Sherlock sheepishly smirked.
The voyage was tedious and took a full day from raised anchor to lowered, and John was getting dressed for the day when someone knocked on his captain's room door. Beyond the door John could hear a commotion - his crew was cheering, singing, playing instruments. They were happy to see land and explore, and John didn't blame them. The excitement of exploration was what brought him into the pirating life, and it was how he chose his crew.
I opened my mouth. I hadn’t offered biscuits. In fact, the chocolate biscuits were my own supply, the ones I’d hidden in my chest of drawers lest they fall victim to Sherlock’s 3am sugar raids.
The truth of the matter is that you love Martin, and I did not calculate for that, and I cannot let myself forget. Your love has changed everything.
Across town, a dying cabbie comes across a very peculiar blog entry on the distinguishing traits of tobacco ash, and wonders if life might give him something a bit interesting, before he goes. Someone to entertain him for more than a few minutes. It will, but he’ll still be ultimately disappointed by the man’s choice.
Surprisingly, it’s not the lifestyle that does us in. What’s that you used to say? Oh, yeah, the universe would hardly be so careless.
It should have been easy. It should have been thoughtless, like breathing. I ought to have felt something uncomfortable… repelled or something at the thought of it, of being with Sherlock. She was my best friend. I wasn’t gay. She wanted to what… kiss me, touch me, undress me. She wanted me to do that to her.
‘Right, that’s just. Here. Let me.’ I reached up, and kissed her, and shucked off her dressing gown and laid it on the chair by her desk, kissing her collarbone a bit in the process. She was wearing her pyjamas underneath, striped cotton trousers and a wide necked grey t-shirt that exposed most of her shoulders. She seemed to be a bit finicky about things on her neck that weren’t her scarf, actually. I’d have to make sure she didn’t mind being kissed there… and things. I liked her neck, especially the bit at the back and sides where the skin went almost transparent as it blended into the feathery strands of her hair. It was the kind of texture I wanted to feel against my lips. I kissed the hollow of her throat, and pulled her forward gently so I could follow the mesmerising smoothness of it up her neck. She made a shaky sort sighing noise and leaned into me when I did, and I could feel the muscles moving beneath her thin skin.  I flicked my tongue out against it, and then drew back, feeling slightly shaky myself.
And it’s not that I wanted to recoil. Actually it was nice. It was… more than nice. It did feel a bit illicit though, like I shouldn’t be allowed to do it, to feel the soft flesh that was… someone else’s. God. Was Sherlock’s. I kept waiting for someone to descend and tell me I wasn’t allowed to want this, to have this, to enjoy this. Turns out there are no sex police on hand to fine you for saying you were straight for twenty-odd years. There was just me, and Sherlock, and my knuckles brushing patterns across her skin and her tongue licking needy little noises into my mouth.
"Your welcome, cuppa." John kissed the top of her head then grabbed the newspaper from next to Sherlock's laptop, walking around the side of the table to sit across from them. John read the front page and his eyebrows raised. "Sherlock?"
"'His doctor'?" Isabelle repeated then lowered her voice. Sherlock could hear the floor creak slightly as she shifted closer to whisper to John. "As in
"The first message?" John interrupted back, grinning when Sherlock glared at him. "Yes, and next time," John pointed at the correct desk drawer with his cane, "don't interrupt me."
"Uh-" Oliver stuttered out a breath and swallowed, staring at the officers around him, "Um. S-Stone. Her name is Malia Stone." A female officer pulled out a pad of paper from her pocket and a pen and wrote down the name. Nervously, Oliver added, "I-I don't know her number by heart, she works at the recovery house-"
"Let's search afterwards," John murmured to Sherlock. "The longer it's been since Oliver went 'missing', the longer the criminal has to get away."
"Well, that went better than expected." Lestrade said optimistically, looking at John with a mildly surprised expression.
John settled with placing his gambler on his head, already wearing a tunic and leather trousers with a belt. He grabbed his cane and limped to the door to open it, finding Peter standing there with a look of shock and confusion.
"No, but..." He paused, clearly fighting over what he should confess and what he should keep to himself. "... Redbeard was the nickname of my childhood friend, the victim's son."
, what's your name?" John sat down on the chair, watching his prisoner closely. Peter was watching the interaction with mesmerized eyes, hopefully taking in some of John's techniques to remember and utilize when he's older. "Best you tell me 'less you want to be called 'nobleman' for the rest of your time here."
A few minutes later, Lestrade returned to tell them that the interrogation room was prepped and ready for Oliver to transfer over. John nodded, calmed down from the weighted discussion with Sherlock, and commanded that people make a path and only get involved if he asked them to. Reluctantly, the officers around him agreed to his terms.
"Oh. Why yes, that's fine." She nodded and gestured to the living chairs in the center of the room. She moved past John to go sit down, and John sat down across from her. "Oliver's okay, right?"
." Sherlock lowered his calves to the small of John's back and John kissed Sherlock's neck, giving it a gentle lick before moving to Sherlock's lips. His tongue brushed over Sherlock's bottom lip, asking for entry, and when Sherlock parted his lips for John the doctor groaned happily and searched Sherlock's mouth with his tongue. With free hands now that his legs were resting on John's back, Sherlock held John's face in his hands and kissed him back with fervor.
"Through the back door." Peter answered, shifting impatiently in his seat. "Dumb bastard left it unlocked."
Rosie mumbled incoherently in teary toddler talk, and John struggled to make out any words. He rubbed her back, hoping to calm her enough so she could speak a bit clearer, when he made out the word
Sherlock led Rosie through the task of making the solution to blow bubbles through an online flash game while John made his own concoction in his mug. He made a cup of tea for Sherlock as well, remembering how he liked his tea, and poured a little of Sherlock's into a smaller glass for Rosie. Whatever Sherlock or John ate or drank, Rosie wanted to try, and one of the few things she liked so far was Sherlock's favorite flavor of tea, just with more milk and sugar. John smiled, remembering how her face scrunched up one time when she dared to try John's straight black coffee.
"Yeah, he was sittin' in his desk chair a few feet away. I thought it was kinda odd, but I just wanted to get the gold and get out."
"How's your shoulder?" Sherlock asked, feeling a bit nervous and awkward at the quiet space between them. John smiled, seeing right through the question, and moved closer. As he did, Sherlock pulled his knees up to his chest.
"Sometimes, yes." He brushed Rosie's blonde hair away from her face. "What are some things you could think about to make you happy before you sleep?"
John smirked softly, seeing the abrasive bit of himself in his daughter's behavior that Sherlock had mentioned. John glanced at Sherlock and said, "I'll help her. We'll meet you downstairs." There was a hint of something in John's eyes that told Sherlock that John had something he wanted to mention, something about Sherlock, but John turned and followed Rosie to help her turn the faucet on and reach the sink. Sherlock hummed in mild acknowledgement and curiosity before he left, closing the door behind him. He went downstairs and resumed his position at the kitchen table, his laptop left open from when he noticed the time and went up the stairs to perform his 'thoughtful' deed.
" John reminded him. "Focus on me, okay? It's just shock, you're not dying. I'm not going to let you die, not again."
"Oh, uh. Lane has OCD and depression, and Audrey has a panic disorder 'cause of her social phobia." Oliver explained, seeming to calm slightly at mentioning the other residents.
"Not bad, Pete. You were right." John praised. "I suggest you keep out of trouble, though. 'Least for now. Rather not have the Queen's men beat us to wherever this leads."
"I love you," Sherlock purred repeatedly, reaching up to cup John's face and brush his sweaty hair away from his face as he kissed his skin. John smiled as the lustful tension eased away, his hand stroking over Sherlock's waist and thigh.
John's blood ran cold. He turned and saw the confused face of Sherlock staring at him with wide eyes. Blood was starting to stain his coat on his left side, right below his ribs, where the handle of something was poking out.
"There's something else there." Sherlock interrupted, agreeing with John. His lips tightened into a thin line. "Something hidden behind the illness, locked away in his head."
Together they went up to the captain's quarters. John opened the door and gestured for them to enter. Peter hesitated.
"Exactly." Sherlock pointed at the walls of the basement, "and this basement is smaller than the building it is on top of. It's not unheard of, but-"
if you tried to, in fact." John snorted. Sherlock wasn't wrong, and they both knew that. John wasn't a good liar, and it was in John's nature to ignore his aches and pains.
"Yes, please. Earl Grey." Sherlock handed over the shirt and sighed, "I really liked that shirt, too."
"A man showed up claiming he was being chased by something then became unresponsive. They've got him sitting in Lestrade's office right now."
," John met Sherlock's eyes and held him close with his hand on Sherlock's side, being sure to keep pressure away from his wound, "want to kiss you?"
They searched for an hour, going over the same spots multiple times, and came up with nothing. Frustrated, Sherlock growled and stood in the center of the room, glaring as he looked at the walls from afar.
"More." He pleaded. "Please. I need it." John pulled his torso away from Sherlock's and put both hands on the bed, shifting his weight to his arms, and picked up the tempo. Sherlock's back arched and his finger nails scraped down John's shoulder blades to the doctor's biceps, Sherlock groaning lowly from deep in his chest. John's name became a mantra on Sherlock's lips, and John found that the faster he went the louder Sherlock became.
Sherlock stared wide-eyed back at him, wearing a white button up, black slacks, and his favorite blue bath robe.
Sherlock nodded softly, understanding. "My leaving changed me, I know. For better or for worse, however, I've not yet decided."
"You..?" Sherlock whispered. A couple seconds passed and he let out a heavy breath that he didn't realize he'd been holding. "You... really? I-I thought..."
"I kept hearing you in my head. I couldn't think, couldn't deduce anything. It was rather annoying."
"I thought the same thing, honestly." John admitted in a light chuckle, a tiny bit nervous. Now that Sherlock was calm and John didn't have to worry about Sherlock running off or doing something reckless, John rested his hands in his lap. "It kind of just... occurred to me? Like the smoke cleared, or something. I think it has been there for a while, I just didn't know it was there."
"Oliver, do you have anything on your person?" John asked, calmly adding, "Perhaps a phone, a wallet..." Oliver shakes his head.
"I thought so, too." The corner of Sherlock's mouth turned upwards a little bit. "My closest guess is that I began to associate you with my work. It occurred to me after I tried to solve a murder case with Molly."
Sherlock blinked, his eyes focusing on the present surroundings once more. John was standing at the edge of the bed with a grin on his face, and the tiny black strings that had been in a neat pile beside Sherlock on the bed were gone.
"It's fine, love." John gave Sherlock a tender gaze. "Now just relax, alright? You don't have to fill the silence. Be as loud or quiet as you want." John fitted himself between Sherlock's legs, one hand around the base of his length and one rubbing soothing circles over the side of Sherlock's thigh. "Well, don't wake up anybody, but yeah." The doctor flashed a jovial expression at Sherlock, and the detective smirked softly. He took a breath and tried to relax, but his nerves were all singing with stimulation in a way he'd never experienced before.
." Sherlock said forcefully, reaching across John to grab his farthest shoulder to try and turn his torso to face Sherlock. John looked down and closed his eyes, letting Sherlock man-handle him. He tried not to think about the comforting warmth that followed Sherlock's touch, or that Sherlock didn't pull his hand away once John was facing him. He kept it solidly on John's bad shoulder, gentle but firm.
The man's eyes widened before he could steel his face, and John noticed it clear as day. John's grin was almost ear-to-ear at seeing the nobleman squirm. "Oh-ho, luck be my lady tonight," John breathed to himself, amazed at the luck of finding the exact person he needed right when he needed him. Peter watched on with awe.
"Found a- well- by house," Ivan panted. "Pulled up- water bucket. Found this inside." Ivan panted from the effort of swimming back to the ship and he held out the corked bottle. Inside was a rolled up piece of parchment.
started." John shot a glare at Sherlock then cut the next stitch, freeing and dropping it on the duvet. "I would've been done by now had you sat still like I told you to."
"Well, I figured out what the traumatic event, was." John sighed, his jaw clenching. Sherlock frowned and looked through the one-way mirror into the interrogation room. There were two officers talking to Oliver, who seemed surprisingly calm considering John wasn't in the room, and a plastic kit was left on the table. Sherlock understood from the officers' body language what John had found just as John spoke.
"Christ." John finally whispered in a ghost of a breath. Sherlock could feel it roll across the nerves under the healthy patches of skin on his back. "When did this happen?"
"Because I..." Sherlock struggled to think of a better way to say what he was thinking of. "... I don't want you to."
There was a shift in Sherlock's mood at the mention of scars, and John's face fell. The blushing red was quickly fading, replaced with Sherlock's jaw clenching instead. John parted his mouth, unsure of what to say as the realization came to him.
John pressed closer, the tip of his length touching Sherlock's entrance, and the detective's breathing stuttered. The soldier smiled softly, watching his partner's face for discomfort as his hips pressed closer. When the tip finally breached the tight ring of muscle, Sherlock closed his eyes and his eyebrows furrowed. John rubbed and massaged the backs of Sherlock's thighs and stopped pushing his hips forward, letting Sherlock adjust and have all the time he needed.
"Well done. Gather whatever supplies you can find then get everybody back on board." John ordered, turning the bottle over in his hand. Ivan nodded firmly with a 'yes captain' and started his descent back down.
John glanced over and noticed Sherlock sleeping while Rosie poked a felt-covered lamb on the cover of the pop-up book on his lap. The corner of John's mouth turned upwards in a small smile, bordering on a smirk. Morphine was one way of getting Sherlock to rest, John guessed. He went back to talking to Rosie and looking with her at her different books, and they were halfway through one of them when Ms. Hudson popped her head in to say, "Dinner's ready, boys," she smiled at Rosie, "and girl, of course."
Sherlock Holmes?" John lowered his hand holding the note and began to fold it, making nice, neat lines. "Besides searching for this message, 'course."
"The 'dumb bastard' was probably killed in that chair, Peter." John chided the boy. Peter shrugged. "Tease the living all you want but respect the dead."
"You told me earlier that someone took it from you." John supplied, hoping that would spark some sort of recognition. Oliver thought hard about it, trying to remember.
The man, a bit younger than John himself but not by much, spoke with a deep rumble. His voice was a smooth baritone, elegant like his appearance.
"Why not?" He questioned, slowly continuing to undo the buttons of his shirt. Sherlock's cheeks turned pink as he thought of what to respond with.
tumbled out with it - and reached up to cradle John's jaw with one hand, his other still holding John's hand on the counter. He leaned down and pressed his lips to John's, inexperienced and unsure but passionate all the same. John's eyes closed and he let go of Sherlock's hand in favor of resting it around the curve of Sherlock's long neck. John could tell that Sherlock hadn't been lying all those years ago when he said that relationships weren't really his area of expertise, but John found it comforting more than anything else. He knew what to expect, and there was an odd sense of trust that came with it, especially after that confusing time where Sherlock was...
"Wait." John stopped her, putting up a hand and stepping in front of the door. "I'd like to talk to just you first, if that's alright? Oliver mentioned you by name."
Sherlock glanced down at his hand on John's shoulder and swiftly pulled it away, beginning to blush a bright red. He stuttered, trying to figure out an excuse, but John could see through the careful facade, now. Something clicked into place in John's psyche, something that had been there but hidden behind the fear of what it meant since the first year John spent living with Sherlock. He really did care about Sherlock, more than John would let himself admit until now. Sherlock being 'married to his work' had submerged this small part of John's psyche, but seeing Sherlock be so human cleared the mental fog.  Now, finally, John could see what was
"I've got to teach the adults here not to send a child to pass on important information." John patted Peter on the shoulder, rustling the brown hair on the back on his head, then turned away.
When John failed to respond Sherlock glanced over at him and frowned softly. His Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed and looked away once again, continuing, "I apologize. I didn't mean to bring it back to your conscious mind."
"I've been here the whole time." Sherlock countered. "Well, most of the time. I suppose some waiting may have been involved, but I wouldn't classify it as 'long'." John playfully thwacked Sherlock's uninjured side with a flick of his fingers.
"Lockie!" Rosie came bounding in from the kitchen holding a small box in each hand. She held them up to Sherlock once she was next to the couch: one was a collection of cartoon characters on bandages, the other a collection of solid-colored bandages. Sherlock reached out and took the latter box from Rosie.
Just then, someone barged into the tavern. The door hit the wall with a loud thud, and save from a bit of rustling, John pretended to still be a drunkard sleeping. Well, perhaps just sleeping, considering the ale he's drank tonight.
"Oh, uh-" John stammered. Sherlock could feel John's eyes on the back of his head. Did he know that Sherlock was listening? Why was he nervous? "The latter, if I understand you correctly. He solves crimes, inevitably gets injured, and I stitch him back together. He asks me for my medical opinion on occasion, but typically I chase him around London and wrap a wound when I can."
"How do you-?" He started to demand, then stopped abruptly when he noticed the note in John's hand again. They both knew that the man had figured out how John knew about whoever, or whatever, this 'Redbeard' was. John held up the note, keeping the written-on side facing away from the man.
"Christ, Sherlock, stay still!" John chided the taller man, both of them sitting on the edge of their bed. Rosie was asleep upstairs in her crib, which meant that now was the perfect time to take out Sherlock's stitches without being bothered by a toddler's grabby hands. However, Sherlock was restless and bored after having spent a month barred from crime scenes. All cases since he stopped needing the morphine were done on his laptop and were dreadfully simple, of which he kept reminding John.
"It felt like losing Mary all over again." John confessed in a whisper. Sherlock's eyes refocused and he saw that John had moved slightly. His hands rested on his thighs and he stared solemnly across the room. "Somehow... it was worse."
"I've been injured plenty of times before, John." Sherlock countered, staring daggers at John as he turned. "That wasn't why I started-"
"Well, it's reassuring to have you two on the case." She said at a normal volume. Sherlock slowly stood and looked at John, noticing an odd pinkish hue to his face. Isabelle smiled at both of them. "Is there anything else I can help you with?"
"A solid deduction, Doctor Watson." Sherlock teased in a hum, suppressing a smirk. "I particularly liked the bit where she asked about me."
John relaxed a little at what Sherlock said, though Sherlock could tell he was still bristling from sharing his emotions. "I'm... glad, that you think I've changed for the better. I hope to one day prove that."
"You said it yourself, Sherlock. Just getting to be closer to you was reward enough before today happened."
"I..." Oliver swallowed thickly, his eyes stopping at the window. He stared, and John glanced over to see that he was meeting Sherlock's steeled gaze.
"It's okay, they're here just in case I need help." John reassured, patting his shoulder gently. John gave the officers a pointed look and they each took a step back. The smarter ones took an extra two steps. "While we walk, why don't you tell me about your psychiatrist? I'm sure one of these officers will gladly contact them for you."
John was struggling more than he would care to admit. Hidden behind the fine's and okay's was a void, one that Mary left and Rosie only partially filled. He could sometimes see Mary in their daughter, and that hurt the worst; knowing that he offered his emotions to another woman, let Rosie's mother fade away in his arms, and was now taking out the grief and guilt he felt on his innocent daughter, passing her off to Mrs. Hudson when he couldn't bare to see Mary's resemblance one more time that day. Rosie didn't deserve this treatment, John knew that. John's coming and going would developmentally hamper his precious daughter, and he knew that, too.
John glanced behind him at the suspect, checking that he hadn't moved or grabbed anything. He couldn't hear Sherlock over the pounding of his heartbeat in his ears. "I need you to keep pressure on it, okay? Do you think you can do that for me?" Sherlock held back a scoff at the idea of him being unable to do such a simple task for John, and instead he nodded. "Okay, good. I'm going to make sure that bastard doesn't move. If you need to sit down, just say my name and I'll run over, but try to stay standing and don't jostle the handle." Sherlock nodded again, watching John take his right hand and replace it with his own hand around the scalpel handle. Sherlock winced but did as he was told, numbly watching John rush over to the suspect and pat him down, looking for more concealed weapons.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John, bemused and oddly flattered, then leaned his head back and stared up at the ceiling. They were silent for a long while, the flat silent thanks to Ms. Hudson taking Rosie out for a bit of lunchtime shopping. At the news of Sherlock's injury, Ms. Hudson offered to make an early dinner for everyone and to have Rosie out of the flat for a while as Sherlock got settled in. John couldn't thank whatever omnipresent being there was enough for the absolute saint that Ms. Hudson was.
John turned his torso toward Sherlock and leaned in, allowing himself to be guided down on top of Sherlock as the taller man laid down. Lips pressed together but for a moment as John trailed his lips down to Sherlock's neck. With the tip of his tongue he licked upwards over Sherlock's pulse point, following the gesture with the flat of his tongue, and Sherlock hummed happily. Long fingers buried themselves in John's hair, encouraging John to continue, so he did. His mouth traveled down to Sherlock's collar bones, down his sternum, and over his ribs, shifting his body downwards as he did so. John could feel Sherlock's thudding pulse against his lips, fighting back a smirk when Sherlock whined as John sucked a red mark into the detective's pale skin. John pulled back, admiring his artwork, then pressed gentle kisses over the mark.
"You're a great father." Sherlock said, placing the plate in the microwave and setting the timer. It hummed while he continued speaking. "I'm not well-versed on child-rearing or child development, but I doubt someone else could have explained post-traumatic night terrors to a two-year-old and had them understand that they would not suffer the same terrors."
"Alright, then," Peter moved to grab a wooden chair at the small table in the corner of the room, his confidence back, "What do ya want to know?"
"Cap'n, there's a stowaway." Peter confessed. "He was trying to abandon ship toward the island through a porthole when we found him."
. You care, and that's what saved me. Not the doctors operating on me, not how quickly you responded after the gunshot. Knowing that you cared, that you needed me, too... I wasn't just unconscious, John, I was in my Mind Palace, micromanaging what I could control to increase my chances of survival. When I was ready to give up and die... Knowing that you needed me, that you were in danger, was what gave me the strength to keep fighting." Sherlock paused for a moment to breathe, staring at John's face as his eyes opened and he looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock smiled softly.
Sherlock quickly forwarded the initial message to Lestrade, receiving a message from Mycroft in the process.
I was both far too tingly and starting to develop a crick in my neck, so I decided I’d better take measures into my own hands a bit, at least before Sherlock started cataloguing my fillings or something. My hands were already somewhere around her upper arms, so I pushed forwards a bit, and leant in a bit and by some miracle she actually behaved and uncurled backwards onto the couch. Problem was, I was now on top of her and god, I had no idea what to do. I settled for kissing her neck, which she seemed to like, but an irrational wave of terror shot through me. I would mess up. Why did I think I could do this in the first place? I had no experience with women, and Sherlock knew bloody everything, so she would probably point out my fumbling around before I even got started, or even… god what if she didn’t know and then I was just subjecting her to some horrible clueless form of sex and it would probably be awful and she might not even like it and then that would definitely make everything horrendous, or worse if she didn’t say anything at all, but she deserved better than that, she should at least have someone who had some bleeding clue what they-
Not that any of it wasn’t interesting. It had been good, and he felt almost full to the brim with happiness, happiness being a sort of golden thing, like a jar of honey, actually. Yeah, he’d take that metaphor, and Sherlock could grumble about it as much as he’d like. Hell, they both knew the grumbling was just another part of it. Of fun, life, appreciation, friendship, love.
‘Can you? or d’you want a hand?’ You’re so afraid to offend me with your help. If I were feeling vindictive, I’d pick it apart. But I’m not. Too sodding tired, for starters, although I know that’s not reason I acquiesce to your presence, and the offered shoulder.
But then I wasn’t exactly the sort to go flinging myself on everyone. Found that kind of behaviour sort of horrible actually – attack huggers.
‘No, you don’t. On average, you spend at least sixty seven percent more time worrying about it than you do enjoying anyone’s company.’
Once I’m settled on the couch, you bustle off to fetch the tea, and some slightly travel-battered biscuits.
‘Hey, I missed you too. I missed you… all the time. Even when I should have probably been worrying about… other things. Always do,’ I said. And suddenly there they were. There were words in my mouth now, three of them, wondering if it was time to come out. Ok, I’d already said them, we’d all said them, but that was back then we were passing them off as their lighter platonic version.
‘What about?’ John looked up from his laptop with mild alarm. Given that Sherlock was in his chair, Rosie was at nursery, and it was a caseless Tuesday morning upon which nothing was eminently on fire, haemorrhaging, or detonating, John could only hope that Sherlock's error was distant and, ideally, minor.
Right. So now I was… touching someone else’s breasts. I hadn’t really meant to already, but it seemed a bit rude to recoil now. I still didn’t know exactly what Sherlock had done before, but the last thing I wanted to do was to make her feel like I didn’t want to be here, or that she wasn’t ok. Because she really, really was.
I thought I’d got off fairly easy, from Sherlockian standards. I was almost disappointed. Not like I wanted her to convince me to close the profile. Or sabotage it, say, hack into my account and take it down, or anything like that. Ha. Why would I want that? Because that would be invasive, and then it would just be me and her in our tip of an apartment with a bunch of cases forever and no one to interrupt. Which would obviously be really bad… for definite reasons… which are… ok, not actually occurring to me at this moment.
‘Oh don’t be so put out, just because you couldn’t wear those scruffy brogues you love so much. It wouldn’t make sense for
A young man opens a drawer, and is reprimanded, ‘no, not that one’, by a cringing mortuary technician, whose thoughts of attempting lipstick are destroyed by the bright red of the body’s mangled skull. Slender fingers shut the drawer with the same flick you might use to direct a violin bow.
Even before that, it had scared me to think outside of what I’d always been, because outside of that was Harry (who I knew I wasn’t) and it was people deciding that they maybe didn’t want you as their sister, friend, doctor, or confidante anymore. I should have grown out of that fear, with time, but it was buried so deep in my thought process that I didn’t. I wasn’t even really aware of it until now. Besides, I was privileged. I liked men enough, so I never had to think about what else I might like.
I regard you archly, ‘Yes, well. In this instance, I couldn’t help but notice that, much as I appreciate the tea, it was not your primary reason for visiting.’
It’s a testament to my state of distraction that I don’t notice your presence in the flat until the upstairs door judders shut. It’s loud enough to break into my thoughts, loud enough to indicate your state of mind – you're also preoccupied, so much so that you misjudge the force of closing, and so the door slams. I don’t know how I know it’s you. I’m sure it’s more than instinct, if I revisited the moment, I could describe the specific cadence of your step perhaps, or surmise that the door and subsequent movements exactly align with a person of your height and weight, the door swung by an arm length exactly yours. Perhaps on a more subconscious level I was aware of your breath, disturbances in the air currents produce by lungs of precisely your capacity. I could substantiate these items, but to do so would be a waste of mental inertia which I would do better to expend on the deduction’s follow-up. You’re home, and you’re distracted.
They were in the sitting room now. Sherlock on the couch, a partial lounge (his back not what it used to be) and John in his chair. He flexed and unflexed his hand on his cane. Perhaps he should get going but…
‘Eight hours? How you get anything done is beyond me,’ she protested, while, for all intents and purposes, arranging herself around me as though she planned to partake in the very somnolent pursuit she was so horrified by, apparently using my chest as a pillow.
Needless to say I generally prevented myself from throwing myself at Sherlock. But there had been plenty of times where the words ‘you’re amazing’ and ‘you’re brilliant’ felt like they wanted to be actions. Maybe that’s what people saw when they used to think we were a couple. Being with Sherlock makes me feel alive, when I first met her, sometimes I felt like I was beaming, glowing. She was exciting, and fascinating, and brilliant, and I finally felt alive, finally felt excited about life, and about someone. I couldn’t wait to come home at the end of the day. I guess I was a bit possessive, too. Am. I’m the one who knows Sherlock, who she brings along, I’m the only one, really. It’s probably a bit not good. She should probably have more friends. But I’m proud of being a part of it. I’m glad I’m allowed. I can complain about loads of things with Sherlock, I’d be the first to tell you she’s not perfect, and she is a nightmare flatmate. Probably. To someone else. But the thing is, I’m allowed to see it, and allowed to complain, and I’ll complain, and she probably won’t change, and she’ll complain about my un-indexed socks, and I won’t change that, and being a part of that day to day thing, that regularity, that’s brilliant too. A less bright brilliance than the glow of the cases, but just as warm.
‘Yes, I know in theory, but it always sounds so ridiculous. Like some stupid…radio... song that you’d listen to.’
‘I said,’ she pushed through her teeth, ‘Statistically speaking, women in same sex relationships are 13.1 percent more likely to achieve orgasm than women in heterosexual ones. That would give you a 74.7 percent likelihood of enjoying yourself not taking into account,’ she took a breath, her eyes still fixated on the wall, and fingers clenched so tightly around her gathered up knees, where she sat perched on her chair, that they looked almost skeletal.
Distance. Both of us are barely even breathing. There are too many things now in the air - too many words, too many complications, too many bad options, and not enough good ones.
‘What do I think? I don’t know! What’s it got to do with me? What did you expect me to say, “oh congratulations, Sherlock, you’ve finally joined the rest of us in the human cesspool, why don’t we go and have a celebratory wank together”?’
I had small hands, square sort of practical hands, but the features of her face still nearly fit between them. How could I ever have been stupid enough to gamble this?
‘Netflix is. Yes it’s Netflix. Netflix and. Oh. Netflix and chill?’ I bit back a laugh, ‘Oh god, you thought I was trying to seduce you or something? God, no, just wanted to, you know, rot my brain a bit.’
‘Yes. Oh and Joan?’ the words floated up the stairwell, ‘The grey eye shadow’s more tolerable, you know, I’d go for that one.’
An army doctor shuffles defective feet on the sticky acrylic flooring. The blinds stay drawn, blocking out a grey view onto the musty corrugated roof and oxidised pipes of the ventilation shaft. The dawn of one more bad day in a series of bad days filters into endless taupe. It’s like that song, the one that was on repeat for three-quarters’ hour last Saturday, coming in from god knows where through the paper-thin walls:
‘Yes, you were thinking so loudly Mrs. Hudson could probably hear you, and she’s a bit deaf in the right ear. I’ll have you know I-’ she heaved out a breath. I felt it against my diaphragm, ‘This is not one of the areas where I have much… particular… expertise. At all.’
That earned me an eyeroll, ‘you know what I mean. It’s not… not someone at work though. Then you might’ve stayed longer and talked. I know you didn’t chat with someone at lunch today, because you were texting me. And if you’d left any later than your normal time, you’d have hit the rainstorm, but your coat’s dry. So.’ She curled her lip, ‘oh no, don’t tell me you’ve got a date with that…’ a flick of the wrist, ‘whatever his name was, the hopeful polygamist from Bolton.’
It occurred to me, 23 minutes into my lunch-break on the Tuesday following my conversation with Sherlock, that in some matters, I was a spectacular coward.
‘Come on, Sherlock, I’m a doctor, and more importantly, I’m not completely blind. Jesus please don’t make me say it.’
‘But you love him.’ I state, because that is The Answer. Whatever the hell it means. I've been led to understand it is how people work. Once Love™ is ordained between the subject and their sex-person, all sense, and everyone else becomes collateral. Forget such joys as autonomy, mental communion, or parity when The Love and The Sex are at stake. Nothing must come between you and your socially exalted, organically produced, copulatory intoxicant. Heaven forbid.
know is that no one asks Dr. Joan Watson what happened to that nice nurse Martin from the old office, and no one asks why all the oby-gyn appointments were magically shifted to other doctors for about a year’s time.
I imagined her lips, her fingers. I could do that. They were pretty lips, I’d always thought they were pretty lips.   I imagined her wrists. I’d admired them, the way they shifted from smooth veins to sharp angles when she played violin, and typed like a maniac. The soft white skin that I’d gripped once, trying to find a pulse. I could kiss that.
With women, I took up the role of sister, friend, doctor, confidante. I was the one that came to people’s rescue, and the handy tomboy around the house, I had that sturdy reliable look about me that meant most of my friends didn’t see me as competition, and I was alright with that. I could do things myself, and wasn’t afraid to get my hands dirty because, more often than not, I didn't have another option, so I figured I'd might as well be good at it.
‘I thought maybe you might need me to… I thought maybe… Or I hoped maybe you wouldn’t mind if I stayed? For a couple of days?’
So without further ado, I’ve er. Yeah, I started a dating profile. It’s been up for about half an hour, and I pretty much hate it already. But. Well. Can’t wallow can we? Because it isn’t that I’ve been wallowing. Not really. Not at all in fact. I wouldn’t even say I miss Martin, exactly. Of course, I’m still affected by what happened between us from time to time, if by ‘affected’ you mean really fucking furious. But it passes.
I raised an eyebrow, ‘Well, if my leaving the house or, in some cases, the country, hasn’t stopped you from carrying on conversing with me…’
He turned towards me, and I saw that he was smiling, no, laughing, almost collapsing on the bar really.
‘Oh no. No, no. We are talking. And if I die in an attempt to climb up on this roof, that is all on you.'
You lean back and study your own little hands, folded on your stomach. I remember how angry you were with me on the Baskerville case, and we still had to share the room in that cold Dartmoor Inn. It was supremely awkward, and yet, entirely un-deletable. You were so angry at me, and yet you didn’t leave.
‘What? Oh, no, the old appetite’s no problem. Just don’t really fancy it. Stress. Had a late lunch anyway. You? Are you eating?’
‘Oh, I just mean, you know, girl crushes. And things. Normal things. I mean, I thought they were normal. For, you know, straight women. They might be. Just… well. I might not be. So straight.’
Time for crowd surveying. It’s events like these where I end up attempting to deduce things like Sherlock, and then usually end up getting frustrated after a few minutes, because, while I can see things that might be meaningful, I don’t have Sherlock’s seemingly endless supply of data, so I can only imagine her telling me what things mean, while I end up getting a weird look from some woman who must have thought I was staring at her cleavage, when I was only trying to figure out if I could visually distinguish between silver, pewter, and platinum on her necklace. Unsurprisingly the answer is no, and now I’m wishing I could have mustered a look that was slightly more feminine or something that wouldn’t put me under suspicion of leering. Ah, she thinks she has something on her chest, like food or something. That’s fine then. I look away, visually sweep the room for Sherlock, wondering what on earth she’ll turn up in. Can’t actually remember what she left the house in – must’ve been something normal, she must have gone back to the flat to change or something. Either way, it’s usually something alarming at these events… something alarmingly sleek, or alarmingly trendy with some hairstyle that she’d never wear in her right mind except on a case (
They hadn't gone far when Sherlock was suddenly wishing he and John had not managed to catch up with the dwarves at all. The sky had opened up into a torrential rain storm, complete with ground shaking thunder and lightning intense enough to illuminate everything around them.
John frowned. An evil forest wasn't exactly something he thought possible. Sure, there were bad people in the world. But how could a forest be sick from evil? That seemed far too narrow minded for him. Surely there was some kind of actual disease in the vegetation making the forest seem sick and evil. That had to be it.
“Watch it!” Sherlock yelled, pulled from his inner grumblings by a splash that soaked his front. He looked up at the dwarves in outrage, then his gaze swept back to John, who was laughing uncontrollably at his side.
Sherlock awoke to soft kisses on his chest. A hand smoothed over his hip and down his thigh, and he hummed low in his chest.
It helped, two days later, when Sherlock was allowed out of bed for more than a few minutes at a time. He was urged to leave his room, with assistance of course, and start taking regular walks. John always accompanied him, and Sherlock couldn't decide if that was a good thing or not. The scenery and fresh air definitely helped clear Sherlock's mind, keeping his focus off of John for the most part, though the steady presence at his side and occasional reassuring hand on the small of his back was quite distracting.
Sherlock grinned. “Alright. Sleep it is.” He pulled off his coat and began unbuttoning his shirt, clearly intent on joining John.
“Oh now that's just ridiculous,” Sherlock complained. He looked on, frustrated but relieved, as the dwarves were scooped up and flown off into the night.
“Ah! The elf! The elf will know!” Sherlock jumped up to stand before the beautiful captain of the guard as she came into the room. “Tra- Talil- dammit....you! With the red hair! Fix him!” Sherlock gestured dramatically toward the dwarf on the table as John rolled his eyes.
John stopped dead, his jaw dropping as he stared at the great creature. “That dragon has a particularly arousing voice,” he gasped, clearly entranced.
“Sherlock, why are we doing this now?” John asked uncertainly. “Not that I'm opposed, I just don't see why this is so crucial at this very moment?”
Then, he saw her. She was a vision, curls perfectly in place, flawless makeup, dress hugging her slender figure like a second skin. Oh, she was gorgeous. John grinned and stood to pull out her chair.
“Apparently,” Sherlock answered with a shrug of his shoulders. Honestly, he was pretty thrilled if his first time got to be that.
“Oi, Bilbo!” Kili's voice perked up the hobbits ears. He and John looked over at Kili and Fili, who were grinning far to widely to be innocent.
“It's a Male/Male fanfic, John, there's always unexplainable and aptly available oil. Or lube. Or copious amounts of spit, but I for one, am not a fan of spit as lube.”
“My king!” Dwalin’s voice called from somewhere above on a walkway. He leaned over the rail, eyes frantic. “Elves are marching this way!”
Sherlock shook his head, forcing himself to forget the moment, and looked around again. The bed he was laying in was white, as were the sheets and blankets. Beside his bed was a white chair, and a deeply sleeping John Watson lay slumped against the mattress, drooling lightly onto the sheets.
“I’m sorry Mary, I need- I’ll be right back,”  he marched away, toward the Sherlock that certainly couldn’t be Sherlock, but didn’t look like he is a ghost or a memory or a… whatever John had conjured up in his mind those last years.
Sherlock knew this was ridiculous. Knew what a cliché it was, taking care of your sick love interest. But he didn't care. Not if it made him feel like this. Warm, bubbly, and full.
Sherlock scrambled to remove his shoes, his stomach clenching as he heard John give a satisfied sigh.
Clearly, this author played by no one's rules. With that being said, Sherlock figured he would have to be a bit more careful if John were suddenly prone to emotional outbursts.
Sherlock couldn't remember ever being this overcome with... sexual energy... since he had been an adolescent. Even then, it had not been so acute, since back then he had no other participant in mind. Sherlock had found very quickly his urges could be satisfied with his hand, leaving him free to focus on his studies or whatever experiment he had been working on, without the distraction of his newly raging hormones.
An ear splitting screech cut off the potential answer, and John and Sherlock looked up at the giant eagles swooping overhead.
“No.” The great dragon sighed, then looked up at the entrance to the hall. “I suppose I have no choice, then.” He rose, spreading his great wings with the clatter of thousands of falling coins and gems. Without another word, he left the cavern, flying off to the north in search of a new home.
“Well no. I suppose I don’t pay very close attention. Sherlock would be disgusted,” John quipped, taking another sip of tea. “Do you have any cream?” John looked up, noticing the cream right there on the table. He reached for it at the same moment as Bilbo, their fingers brushing for the briefest second.
“The side room. Over there,” John gestured to a door off behind him. “Do you need help getting there?”
“It doesn't matter. I will eventually get what I want, because I'm pretty and I'll live forever. You're all idiots. Go to the dungeon,” Thranduil said, clearly bored. He threw a leg over the arm of his throne, leaning back and flipping his hair. John swallowed thickly, the long lines and smooth porcelain skin, long slender fingers, gorgeous eyes....
“That’s interesting. Do you suppose we have some of the same preferences?” Bilbo asked, getting a little excited at the thought of figuring out something new.
Sherlock found himself all the more frustrated by the fact, coupled with the way John was obviously struggling to keep himself in check. John wanted him, that much was clear, but for the sake of sexual tension, the good doctor was keeping himself barely in line, full of meaningful touches and almost kisses.
“Excuse me, your highness,” Sherlock began loudly, making his way to the front of the company. “I have a question for you.” He met Thranduil's surprised frown with a smirk. “I'm trying to understand why you would treat these dwarves so harshly. Your obvious hatred for Thorin Oakenshield is the most probable reason. Said hatred is quite intense, typical of someone who is jealous of the object of their ire. I can only suspect that would mean you envy him. Considering he has no worldly possessions, aside from the clothes on his back and the weapon you have now taken from him, I would have to suspect you are jealous of his followers. Perhaps he has much more loyal subjects than you do, or maybe you are simply very disliked in your kingdom, not a far stretch considering the fact that you are obviously a complete idiot and a bit of a knob head. Perhaps it is because you're insecure, which leads me to believe you have spent most of your life feeling quite inadequate. Your self assurance is wavering, therefore you are not simply an arrogant prick because you're a superior being with inhuman intelligence as I am, but rather, you are insecure and trying to appear better than you are. You either have been raised with siblings with whom you had to compete, unlikely, given you have the air of a spoiled only child, or you are inadequate in some other way. Given that you are taller, fairer, and probably an equal match in strength, I would have to guess it is your penis size. Given the extent of anger directed at Thorin, are you jealous of the size of his dick? Or maybe of Bilbo here? Tell me, are you jealous of Thorin, or are you simply in love with him?”
John shrugged, turning back to his tea. “Sherlock would say it’s the author being an unimaginative twat.”
Ugh. How cliché. But true. He did. Sherlock loved John. Perhaps he should actually try making John happy, and find out what he needed.
“BUGGER OFF!” Sherlock yelled as he felt John tense under his hands. Nobody was going to interrupt this time. Nothing was going to stop them from finding a little relief. It wasn't exactly what Sherlock had in mind, but he wasn't about to waste it. He took in every detail. The look in John's eyes as he approached his peak, the pink of his cheeks, his jaw going slack, eyes pinching shut as it hit him. He moaned obscenely, and Sherlock found himself following him over the edge.
“So how did you end up with this band of... dwarves?” John asked the hobbit. He was still having a hard time accepting that this was in fact not a dream, and they were most definitely traveling with creatures that were not human.
“Indoor plumbing?” Sherlock mumbled in annoyance. “Isn't Middle Earth a bit too medieval for such amenities?”
Sherlock looked around, completely disoriented. “Weren't we just going in after Bilbo?! How did we get back here?”
Sherlock shook his head, looking up to watch Gandalf and Elrond. They had moved onto a rooftop, or something of the like, where two other figures stood waiting for them. There was a woman. She must either have been an elf, or an angel. Sherlock found himself in awe of her, until he remembered that he was far too sensible to be so wonderstruck by anybody. Except maybe John. He shook himself and rolled his eyes as the woman dramatically turned around to face Gandalf, the moon shining behind her like a halo of pale golden light.
John pinched his eyes shut, a sob escaping his lips in a gust. “Stop it. Please, just don’t.” He curled in on himself, his phantom detective keeping watch over him, until he had somehow managed to fall asleep staring into those gorgeous blue eyes. Eyes he would never see again.
John set his hand flat against the brick around the fireplace. He wasn’t sure exactly where the dwarves had gotten red brick, or how he hadn’t noticed it before but that hardly mattered at the moment.
“Bugger,” John muttered in awe as more replaced the first. “Come on, this way!” John turned and ran towards the others, away from the approaching arachnids. “Sherlock?” John looked back when he realized the detective wasn't following. “Sherlock!”
Morning came too quickly, and John found himself more tired than he had been when he had first bed down on the hard forest floor. Bilbo had been kind enough to share a bit of his coat he used as a pillow. He had offered to share his bedroll, but John couldn't hope to fit alongside the hobbit.
“Morning,” Sherlock grinned back and opened his arms as John climbed up and kissed him soundly on the lips. “I see you're feeling better.”
Despite the reservations the people first seemed to have, they soon became quite the hosts. Laketown could really throw a party, John mused as he sat at the table watching as everyone celebrated. They were a simple people, dreaming only of living in a bit of comfort instead of the squaller they all seemed doomed to. If the fat and greedy master would only loosen his purse strings a bit, his people wouldn't suffer so.
Sherlock furrowed his brow for a moment. When had he gotten his hair wet? Was that really necessary? He schooled his features. No matter. The only thing he should be focusing on now was John. He brought his hands up hesitantly to take John's face in his hands. When there was no protest, he leaned in, stopping when he could feel John's breath whisper over his lips. It was now or never. He closed the distance, pressing their mouths together in a heated kiss, slow but deep.
Sherlock glanced around frantically, unable to see much through blasts of water spraying everywhere and his wet hair hanging over his face.
That voice, that deep baritone dripping with such uncertainty made John freeze. He worked his jaw as he rubbed at the back of his neck. Finally, he turned to face the detective.
John helped Sherlock as he pulled off John's still damp layers. Why was it the dwarves all got fresh clothes and he and John had to stick with what they had?
“There is a river out back,” the deep, rough voice of the skin-changer rolled from the other side of the room. “You may bathe there, if you'd like.”
“John, you are ill. I have no intention of taking advantage of you. But I do fully intend to take care of you.”
Sherlock awoke to the sensation of falling, a common dream for many, and a common way of being jerked into consciousness by an overactive mind. He made to reach for his phone on the nightstand, but found his arm was pinned over his chest. He opened his eyes to discover he was wrapped in a sort of white sheer material.
“Ah, there!” Sherlock pointed to where, indeed, Bilbo had just stumbled upon a very naked and dripping wet Thorin Oakenshield at the water's edge.
The breath was knocked out of Sherlock's lungs as he was hit by something that felt an awful lot like a brick wall. Impossibly large fists connected with every inch of him, and then they were falling. Tangled limbs and sharp elbows plummeting down and down, then landing in a heap on a rickety wooden walkway. The dwarves struggled to clamber off of Sherlock, looking around in horror as the sound of thousands of clawed feet approached. Sherlock looked up, his eyes widening at the oncoming wave of goblins.
John powered through. He closed his eyes, pretending it wasn’t her lips he was kissing, that the body beneath him was tall, hard, and lean. Broad shouldered and beautiful in a way that had him panting with need long before he should be finishing. It wasn’t her name he gasped when he came, and he cried on her sheets after. She pretended not to notice. Excused herself to take a shower, invited him to join her.
John licked his lips, taking a deep breath before he knelt beside the tub and set to work. It was nearly painful, dragging the cloth over Sherlock's skin, watching the suds and water droplets run lightly over the plains of his chest and down his stomach. But John forced his eyes not to wander, to drop down to watch where the soap mixed with the water. Where the rest of Sherlock's long, lithe body lay naked beneath the surface. He drew his eyes up, watching the firelight flicker across the detective's ivory skin. It glinted on water droplets, making Sherlock's chest seem radiant, beautiful.
“Oh, Mahal, John,” Sherlock had no idea who or what Mahal was, but if the author wanted him to say it, so be it. As long as John didn't stop. As long as this continued. This amazing, building passion inside him. His skin tingled where it touched John's, and he didn't care that that sounded cheesy. It didn't matter. All that mattered was this moment, this connection and the fact that it was John he was sharing it with.
Come to think of it, so had the hobbit. Why that point was relevant was beyond Sherlock, and that kind of pissed him off.
Bilbo began thrusting, and John moaned and writhed beneath him, reached a mind shattering climax far too quickly. Bilbo couldn’t hold back. John’s orgasm became his, the two of them lost in each other’s pleasure, until they both collapsed onto the bed.
A thick sob wracked John’s frame, the empty hollow bite of grief ripping through him once again. He got up and wiped himself down with his discarded t-shirt and crawled back under the covers.
“John?” Sherlock's voice yanked John back to attention, and he realized he had been still and staring for far longer than was decent. His eyes snapped up to Sherlock's face, a sight even more breathtaking than the one John had lost himself admiring a moment before. There was a mischievous quirk to Sherlock's lips, just a slight grin at the corner of his mouth, and John found himself staring at it. The detective's lips looked full and soft, welcoming. His breath caught as Sherlock took his bottom lip lightly between his teeth.
“Ah, so I did. I would apologize for saying that, but I have no proof that I was wrong. Instead, I will offer my apologies that you took offense, though that is not my fault nor is it my problem.”
“Look out!” Kili's voice alerted the others as he pulled back his bow and fired an arrow into an eye of the giant spider that had snuck up on them.
Soft sheets beneath his hands. A pillow stuffed with what had to be feathers beneath his head. The air was strangely perfect, the temperature not too cold or warm, and no trace of the scent of pollutants or car exhaust.
Ah, time jumping. Sherlock groaned. How the hell had they gotten into barrels in the first place? One moment, he was springing everyone from jail, and now the next they were crammed into barrels and careening down the rapids. Small barrels, mind you. By all rights, Sherlock should not be able to fit into one. Even John was too tall to-
John shrugged. “No problem.” Before he could shoot, Bilbo had run into his line of fire, and was now facing off with the orcs.
John frowned at this. “I- I don’t really know.” He chuckled, and Bilbo couldn’t help but laugh too. Then the hobbit peered at John, his brow furrowing.
John scowled at Sherlock as the detective muffled his laughter into his fist. Stupid git. He didn't understand why Sherlock found such amusement in the fact that John had been mistaken for Bilbo several times now,  nor who Martin Freeman was or what he had to do with it. Honestly, most everything was maddening, if he took the time to analyze it too much.
The goblin king gave a grotesque smirk, leveling John with an amused look. “Or what? Are you going to fight me?” the goblin sounded terribly condescending. “Are you going to hit me with your tiny fists? My hoard will devour you before you manage to take a step.”
“Oh Sherlock, I'm so sorry,” John said again, softer than the first time. He squatted down and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's middle. With a light grunt of effort, he pulled the taller man off the floor and deposited him back in the chair.
“Great,” Sherlock said weakly, lifting his hand from where he had been clutching his stomach. It was covered in his own blood, and there was a small puddle of it pooling beneath him. His head was swimming and he felt darkness creeping in around his peripheries.
The pair stumbled over discarded clothing and half empty take away boxes and she flicked on the light and now she was looking around with confusion.
Thranduil's face took on an ever deeper shade of red through the entire speech, and by the end of it, the dwarves were snickering in amusement and even some of the surrounding elves were chuckling behind their hands.
“Oh,” John blushed again. He hadn't been aware Sherlock could sound so lovely, so vulnerable, nearly begging. His heart sped up a bit as he wondered what Sherlock would sound like begging in earnest. Oh, how beautiful would it be to have the tall beautiful man beneath him, writhing and pleading and-
The ceiling was collapsing in earnest, dust and rock billowing behind the dwarves as they ran. The path turned from wood to stone as they neared the wall of the cavern. It sloped down and Sherlock could already smell the fresh air at the other end. He led them all down and through a tunnel, coat swirling around his impossibly quick feet, until they came out on the other side of the mountain.
They crept over closer to where Bilbo and Smaug stood, and Sherlock was quite impressed at the hobbit's cleverness. He couldn't tell you why, or what Bilbo had said, but he felt as though he should be impressed, and supposed Bilbo must be being clever, even if the author wasn't clever enough herself to explain how he was clever.
Let me know if you have any ridiculous ideas! I'm trying to find humor in every aspect here, and I would love to have your thoughts! More soon my lovely readers!
It was quite irritating, being stuck in the wilderness with not so much as a change of clothes, but Sherlock and John made due. John and Bilbo had become friends, which Sherlock had predicted they certainly would get on well enough, and more often than not, he found himself walking alongside the two. John and Bilbo discussed all the most boring things Sherlock could imagine; family trees, tea, knitting... honestly, his brain would explode if he didn't get away from them for at least a few hours.
Rage took over, and in a practiced and precise manuever, John pulled his gun from his waistband and without a second thought, buried a bullet in the goblin king's forehead.
Sherlock cringed as he pictured the angry twist of John's face as he had yelled at him. John knew this was not Sherlock's doing, didn't he? Sherlock was doing all he could to figure out what was going on. He wanted to go home too, but there was no reason for John to take it out on Sherlock. And now, he would have to wait for John or someone to come help him, as he knew he would not be able to make it back to the bed without assistance.
“Hello darling,” she said, a giddy lilt to her voice. “Great choice for our anniversary, I must say.” She gave him a peck on the cheek as she settled into her chair, and John came around to retake his seat.
Everyone froze, and Sherlock was relieved to see the other orcs decide to retreat with haste at the loss of their leaders.
“Hi,” he finally said, letting his gaze flicker over his best friend’s headstone. “I uh, I came here, because I need to…. to tell you something.” John continued, shifting uncomfortably on the balls of his feet. “I need to tell you that…. that I- I need to tell you….. that I love you.”
“Sherlock,” John began, his tone heavy with the irritating insinuation that Sherlock was acting out of line.
John couldn’t be certain how long he had been sitting there, staring at his flat mate. It was all he could bring himself to do lately. He had taken time off at the clinic. Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson had been sending him food.
Sherlock turned to find the source of this voice, and saw a rather pale looking man with long dark hair and pointy ears enter the room.
Sherlock's thoughts abruptly stopped, his mind turned to mush as the river came into view. John stood at the water's edge, completely naked, back to Sherlock, the moonlight dancing over his porcelain skin and illuminating his golden gray hair. Sherlock didn't even care that his thoughts were uncharacteristically poetic. He took in a sharp breath, then exhaled a groan in pain of longing. Without a second thought, he began stripping off his clothes, dropping them to the ground as he approached the river. John's glorious body was now hidden under the silvery surface of the water. It lapped and rocked around his shoulders, the moonlight reflecting onto John's face.
Thorin regarded the two for a moment. “Alright then, you may spend the night in our camp. What's your name, human?”
Really? There was no way the tree could balance on the ledge with as much weight as was on it. Sherlock shook his head. This was not the time to become agitated with impossibilities. He looked around from where he clung to the trunk of the tree. Dwarves hung everywhere, holding on for dear life. All but Thorin Oakenshield, who was marching down the trunk to go face the pale orc on his own.
John quickly pushed himself up onto his knees, looking horrified. “Sherlock, was that your first time?”
“Yes, now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to find a hot beverage.” With that, John stood and left, Sherlock staring after him shocked and confused.
Thorin stood, shoulders hunched, arms crossed angrily over his chest as he and Sherlock glared daggers at Beorn, who was puttering about the kitchen. John and Bilbo flitted about, far too excited to be helping.
John shoved his hands in his pockets and followed Sherlock back to the group. The dwarves seemed to have decided to settle in for the night. They were attempting to build a fire, but John couldn't bring himself to watch. He was too busy being angry to really care what else was happening at the moment. Their food supply was low, and so he knew there was nothing to be done about his empty belly, which did nothing to help his foul mood. He was staring off into the dark spaces between the trees when he saw glowing eyes looking back at him. He scrambled to his feet and backed away, closer to the fire.
“Hmmm?” John hummed in question. He yawned when he didn't get an answer, rolling over and pulling the blanket over his head.
John and Sherlock were quiet as they entered the elven kingdom, each brooding a bit after their tense exchange. They walked over bridges and around winding halls until they came to the throne room. The dwarves moved in single file, John and Sherlock taking the tail end until they were standing in the middle of the room, which kept changing shape. Obviously because the author couldn't decide what the damn room looked like. It went from oval, to square, the center of the room, where the throne stood, was first raised rather high, then brought closer to ground level. It was most distracting. Sherlock groaned. “Make up your damn mind, woman,” he grumbled under his breath. He glanced over and caught John, gazing open mouthed at the center of the room.
“I hope this doesn’t weird you out, but would you mind experimenting with this phenomenon just a bit?”
Sherlock grinned. “Now, I do hope you haven't gotten too comfortable gentlemen.” He held up the key he had nicked from the guard.
Sherlock was beside himself. His attempt at seducing John had gone rather well, he decided. The results had been favorable, though a bit insufficient. He had thought to try again when John came to help him out of the tub, but John simply led Sherlock to his chair and handed him a towel. The doctor had been all too careful when helping Sherlock into a fresh set of clothes, never letting his touch linger for longer than necessary, and keeping his distance.
The company had come to a halt, most of their number sitting on the cliff side and waiting for their leader to talk some sense into a determined, obnoxious Sherlock Holmes.
John’s hands moved to his hips. He dropped his head back, staring up at the ceiling and took a deep breath. His eyes closed and he blew his breath out through pursed lips before affixing his gaze back on Sherlock. How could he be angry with Sherlock for saving his life? Even so, how could he erase the last two years of anguish from his mind and heart?
Kili had continuously pushed to get the attention of the red haired elf maiden, and she had been helpless to rebuff his advances. Of course, the glaring death looks shot at the two of them by the elf prince Legolas should have stopped anyone with half a brain in their tracks. But therein lie the problem. Kili was an idiot and didn't even have half a brain. Frankly, all the dwarves were idiots as far as Sherlock was concerned. And anyway, his only concern was John who- oh. Who was once again grinning at the elf and dwarf who were flirting like morons.
It was nearly dawn when Sherlock lowered himself at John's side. He gently set his hand on the doctor's shoulder, shaking him gently, which was a redundant use of the word 'gently' and frankly it had lost all meaning after he repeated it in his head. His lips quirked in a grin as he watched John wrinkle his nose, frowning slightly.
Sherlock stared up at John's firm and troubled face. He had never seen the doctor look quite like this before. His eyes were wild, more so than when they had been on any case, and his hands were shaking slightly.
Sherlock huffed, giving Bilbo an annoyed look. “Honestly Bilbo, how do you put up with him? He's an idiot.”
The next events happened quite quickly. John moved at the same time as Thorin, Fili, and Dwalin. They darted towards Sherlock, John grabbing the mans hand and yanking him back as the dwarves cut down the nearest spiders, who had been only moments from reaching Sherlock.
“Sherlock?” John sounded worried, a fact Sherlock found a bit amusing, considering he had left Sherlock in the first place.
“There wasn't anything to fit us,” John answered Sherlock's silent question. “We're much taller than the people here.”
“They're afraid of the forest?” John asked in confusion. “They didn't seem so afraid in the forest we met up with you in.”
Morning brought with it no change, no relief for John. He hadn’t slept more than a few minutes, hadn’t moved all night, and when he pushed himself up to sitting, his joints cracked in protest. He stared at the spot where Sherlock disappeared several hours earlier, the grief holding him like an old friend, a constant reminder that he was alive.
John stood and held out his hand, pulling Sherlock to his feet. He helped the detective sit himself on the edge of the tub, then reached in to test the water.
Bilbo’s eyes widened in surprise, as did John’s. They both pulled out of the kiss, giving each other bewildered looks. They stood for a few moments, simply staring at each other, then they both moved in tandem, nipping at lips, pulling at clothes, each sensation shared between them in a most peculiar way. It felt as though they were touching themselves, the feeling so unique and new they got swept up in it, and before they knew it they were naked, splayed out on Bilbo’s bed and touching every inch of each other.
“I hardly did anything. Just put you to bed,” Sherlock responded, his voice husky with sleep and arousal.
“I am Thorin, son of Thrain, son of Thror, leader of Durin's folk,” Thorin introduced himself impressively.
At least the people seemed happy to have something to celebrate. John grinned as he spotted Bilbo and Thorin rushing hand in hand up the stairs at the other end of the bar.
“Don't you dare touch him!” John demanded, channeling his inner soldier. He stood, firm and proud between Sherlock and the horrid creature, finger pointed in the goblin's face, chin held high, meeting the yellowed gaze with an intense glare.
John threw his wallet on the counter and angrily kicked off his shoes. “Sherlock fucking Holmes.” He yanked at his tie and impatiently fumbled to pull it over his head.
John found some soap and a cloth on the shelf in the corner. He brought it to the side of the tub, looking to Sherlock for direction.
"Not immediately, no." John frowned. "I don't want to put too much pressure on an already stressed mind. But he trusts me, at least a little bit. That's good enough for now."
"Hurry up and move," Sherlock demanded in a muffled voice, his eyes fixated on John's. John rolled his eyes at the taller man's bossy tone and put his weight on his right hand again, giving Sherlock a pillow from nearby. The detective stroked himself and looked at the pillow oddly as it was placed over his mouth.
John and Sherlock walked down the street toward the direction Oliver and the officers had said he had come from, glancing down alleyways for anything suspicious and studying building fronts for mentions of a halfway house. After about twenty minutes of walking, they saw a minimalist sign with
"Some nit - the owner, me thinks - was passed out with it hidden in his desk drawer! I was expectin' a bit of coin, but instead I found that." Peter urged in a hushed whisper, sitting up a bit straighter, more confident. "Dumb cock didn't even notice me." John could tell the boy was thrilled.
"Your posture, vernacular, and even your injuries all suggest 'military'." Sherlock explained. "Your injury in your right leg is mostly psychosomatic, pain that stems from trauma. Bullet wound in the calf without an exit wound, meaning the bullet's still lodged there. Your left shoulder also has psychosomatic pain, to a degree. You're left-handed but you use your right hand, suggesting learned co-dominance over time. You command the crew just as you would soldiers, and despite your injuries you still manage to stand at parade rest with few minor adjustments." Sherlock glanced around the room idly, continuing with, "Besides, you're clearly a pirate for the adventure. Just look at your room: lightly decorated but highly efficient. I doubt anything in this room is over fifty euro. You crave the adrenaline now just as much as you did in the army."
"You've said that many times." John countered, walking over to the dining table. He caught Sherlock rolling his eyes.
"Your ship." Sherlock finished, eying the note curiously, but John could make out a just barely visible smirk to the man's lips. John knew Sherlock was fully aware of what accepting that note would mean, and when Peter returned with the keys, he finally made up his mind. He reached out and long, slender fingers gripped the sides of the folded paper.
She looked up when John entered and smiled politely, although with a hint of confusion. John walked forward as she asked with a warm, welcoming voice, "Hello, sir. What can I help you with today?"
"Well, I searched his desk lookin' for coin. I went in the store to grab some books." Peter's face lit up with passion, "Cap'n here promised me that he'll teach me to read when we're on shore leave!" John smirked softly, and Sherlock glanced between them for a couple seconds. Clearly they were closer than just a sailor and his Captain, but Sherlock wasn't entirely sure why. He had his suspicions that John saw the boy as an adopted son, but if the rumors about Captain John Watson held any weight, that didn't sound like the same man.
"Lads, this is Sherlock Holmes." John introduced, gesturing to Sherlock who stood beside him. "He's going to pay you for helping him solve this treasure hunt, so you know the rules. Treat him well."
"I'm not an expert on psychosis," John glanced at Sherlock who was still looking through the window at Oliver, "but it certainly seems like some form of schizophrenia."
"Sore, but otherwise," Sherlock paused and glanced over at John, suppressing a smile, "I'm doing well."
"Oh, you're not." John smirked. "I give every prisoner with coin the same condition that I'm going to give you."
of London, however few those may seem. So long as they stayed low and didn't get into too much trouble, John let them do as they pleased. He gave them a date and let them wander the city to their hearts content, spending however much money they earned on their voyage, and if they weren't on the boat by sunrise of that given date, they stayed.
Sherlock turned around and walked off, and John followed behind him. Sherlock texted  Lestrade as he walked, expertly maneuvering around walking officers and cubicles.
, his mind supplied - travel through his pulse to his groin. John continued to rub and prob, testing the resistance, and Sherlock's body slowly melted into the mattress until he was face first in the blankets with his ass in the air.
Sherlock grunted dismissively and John chuckled, guiding him through the flat. A few of Rosie's toys lay out on the floor, and they acted as landmines that Sherlock had to navigate with wobbly feet on his way to the couch. John kicked them gently out of his path as they went. Soon Sherlock turned and John eased him down onto the couch, keeping Sherlock from flopping onto it like he typically would.
John said a quick thank you and turned to face Oliver, directing him to lay his arm on the armrest when Sherlock opened the door and walked out, closing it behind him. He pondered Oliver's timeline of events as he demanded one of the officers that had led him to the interrogation room to fetch the pillow and blankets. He was about to return to watch through the one-way window of the interrogation room when his phone buzzed in his pocket. He pulled it out and looked down at it, scowling with mild disdain when he saw who the sender of the text was.
"Whatever is at the end of this," John stared the first man down, "is adventure and, thanks to Sherlock, money. That's all that's guaranteed." John looked away to address the rest of the room, including the second man. "This arrangement is effective immediately, and under no circumstances shall you harm Sherlock or I'll toss you off the ship. Treat him as you would any other noble who has accepted my deal. Understood?"
"Impressive." John remarked after a moment, which seemed to stun Sherlock. "I see how you've made a name for yourself, now." Sherlock stared at John blankly for a moment.
Lestrade panted heavily as he rushed over. When he noticed Sherlock clutching his side and John supporting Sherlock's weight, he cursed under his breath.
Sherlock was fairly sure he had the case solved by this point, but he wondered where the fun was in leaving Lestrade to find the criminal when the case was mildly interesting? So, he sat quietly and pondered the information he'd found outside while Isabelle wrote down a list of names for John.
"Glass in the alley." Sherlock hummed then clenched his jaw. "There was a window, small but big enough to crawl out of if he had something to climb up onto to reach it. I couldn't see the room clearly. Far too dark. Do you notice something, John?" Sherlock was speaking quickly, clearly excited, so John had to process what Sherlock had asked for a few seconds before he could think of an answer.
"What happened, Sherlock?" John whispered, moving to sit down on the couch next to his friend. He glanced down at Sherlock's hands tensing around Sherlock's kneecaps, then slowly looked up to study Sherlock's profile. "Where is...?"
"A-Alright." Oliver stuttered, glancing over at John nervously. John nodded slightly, trying to reassure the young man. He stood with his back against the wall, a few feet away from the door, while Sherlock towered over Oliver and the table the young man was sat at. Sherlock rested his arms in the crook of his back.
Sherlock's eyes lit up with a realization. "You're absolutely correct, John. They would." He turned and grinned at John. "Which means the modification was made while the building was being constructed."
"Not even if you tried to." Sherlock's free hand ghosted over the small bullet scar on John's left shoulder blade. "
Just a warning here. If the word "rape" triggers you, you should probably stop reading. There will be no graphic details involving it, though, so if the word itself doesn't bother you, then you should be good.
"That's not what people usually say." Sherlock confessed. John tilted his head slightly, his smile fading.
"John." The man replied after a moment. John smiled and nodded, crossing one leg over the other and adjusting his coat.
John reached between them with his left hand, putting all his weight on his right, and wrapped his fingers around Sherlock's length. It was hot to the touch and throbbing, begging for attention, and John was more than willing to give said attention. He stroked Sherlock's erection in time with his hips thrusting into the detective, and Sherlock groaned loudly. John stopped his pelvis and put his right hand over Sherlock's mouth.
"I know what you mean to say." Sherlock opened the door and walked in, leaving it open for John. "At least, I think I do. As you know I'm not good at identifying emotions."
"I didn't realize you were awake. Considering your restless evening last night, I was going to bring Rosamund downstairs so you could 'sleep in' this morning." Sherlock glanced at the door, hearing Rosamund clambering off her training potty. John was too busy thinking through the surprise of Sherlock's considerate thought.
"I'm pleased that you want to stay." Sherlock confessed, avoiding John's eyes by looking at the window once again, that way he could still assess John's response in his reflection. As Sherlock expected, John was a bit surprised; he cocked an eyebrow and glanced over at Sherlock.
"What the-?" Someone huffed, breathing heavily from running, no doubt. John heard hard leather boots walking with purpose across the creaking wood floor, looking under empty tables. Something solid hit his hip and leg as he walked, likely a sheathed officer's sword. The man growled, "Bastard child thief."
"Then I want the same." He confessed, lowering his voice. John's free hand reached up toward Sherlock's side.
"I know." John reassured, clipping the first stitch and gently pulling it free. Sherlock winced slightly, but the pain was nothing to complain about. "An idle mind is a dangerous one. I'm fully aware."
"I can't read them like you can." John reminded Sherlock blatantly, rolling his eyes. Sherlock stopped walking but he didn't stop searching. "Look, I'll question whoever is at reception while you're doing this, but don't expect any more than five minutes."
Oliver nodded softly and relaxed, letting his legs fall from their position against his chest so he could sit normally in the armchair.
Sherlock was in the middle of sending the code word to Lestrade from his phone while John watched the suspect, gun drawn and pointed at him.
The door to the flat opened before either could continue speaking. Both men flinched slightly, startled by the noise of the door creaking open and Rosie bumbling in holding her favorite teddy bear. They had both been so lost in their conversation and confessions that they hadn't heard Ms. Hudson and Rosie drive up.
Rosie looked down in her crib as John stood there, clad in pajama bottoms and an undershirt. She was eyeing her favorite blanket, a bright pink plush one with a teddy bear patch sewn into one of the corners that Mrs. Hudson bought when they moved back into Baker Street. John bent down with a soft grunt and picked it up, hoisting Rosie up and over the crib railing in the process. He set her down on her feet, saying, "Go to the potty and you'll get your blanket, okay?"
a bit bigger than average, but Sherlock was already groaning with impatience and John couldn't find himself disagreeing with the detective, so instead of adding another finger he opted to speed up the process and just be more careful.
Sherlock complied, shaking slightly from the shock that was slowly setting in. Looking down, he watched John carefully pull the edge of his coat back to look at where the blade lodged itself into the left side of Sherlock's abdomen. He could feel his legs begin to shake. Judging by the length of the average scalpel and the length of the exposed handle-
Sherlock smiled warmly, an expression that became even more frequent since they began this odd relationship, and John leaned down to press his lips against the detective's. The kiss was soft and slow, sending shivers through their skin. Sherlock slid a hand over John's clothed bicep, following the muscle up to his shoulder, and John smirked against his lips.
"No one wants bad dreams, but they're going to happen sometimes." John paused, wondering how to rectify the situation. "Do you want to know a trick that I use to help me dream about good things?"
John nodded. "Yes, it's a booboo. A very bad booboo that really hurts." Rosie stared down at the wound for a little while while Ms. Hudson asked John and Sherlock about how the injury occurred. While Sherlock was explaining, Rosie tried to grab his shirt out of John's hand and tug it toward the wound. Knowing there was blood soaked into the shirt, and not wanting Rosie to see it, John pried her small hands off the fabric and stood up, holding her against his right side. "No, you can't use that, Rosie. That's dirty. Come with Dadda, we'll get Lockie something clean."
"That I noticed the change?" John supplied, bracing himself for some sort of biting remark from Sherlock. "Or that-"
Lestrade swallowed and nodded. "We asked him for it, of course, but... he's so out of it that it's like he doesn't register the question." Lestrade sighed. "I called Doctor Watson mostly 'cause, well... The kid's clearly mentally ill, and-"
John's heart thudded loudly at the idea of Sherlock considering 'coming home' to be coming back to him, to John. Back to 221b Baker Street, in all its eccentric, messy glory, where Sherlock's things and John's things mashed together until neither was ever really sure who brought what into the apartment (except the experimental equipment). He didn't know what to say, but he knew that Sherlock saying
"No, definitely not." Sherlock agreed, murmuring absently. "The rapist wants it all to be easy. Easy prey, easy job, easy entrance. We just have to find out where he's put it."
"It's okay," John reassured, holding out a hand to signal him to stop as John tentatively closed the door behind himself. "You can stay there. I won't come any closer."
John opened his eyes for a second and leaned down, locking lips with Sherlock in a deep kiss. They both could only last for a few seconds before having to breathe, but John kept his lips close to Sherlock's.
"That sounds... good." Sherlock replied absently. John frowned slightly, shifting on his feet nervously.
"Yes." Sherlock immediately replied. His voice was husky and lustful, with a sense of pleading accompanying it. It made John's skin shiver and goosebumps rise on his arms.
Twenty minutes later Sherlock could hear Rosamund and her father descending the stairs as he researched information on an experiment he was considering. Rosie was singing a happy tune and John was chiding her to keep her blanket off the floor lest she trip and fall. The door to the flat opened and Sherlock murmured, "Good morning, Rosamund. John."
"To be with Rosie." Sherlock elaborated, still staring ahead through the window. "Because of your nightmare."
"I know, lad." John smirked softly, "I'm just toyin' with ya. Don't shit your pants, you don't have time to buy new ones." Peter glared for a moment and John chuckled. "But yes, I read, and I can tell you you're not going to learn it without some help."
John and Sherlock start their investigation of the halfway house's basement, trying to find the window Oliver had escaped from.
And then nothing happened. Well, I say nothing. What happened was we had tea as intended, and then Lestrade called. Of course he called, because if there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s that London’s criminal minds have a predictive sense for things like ‘delicate situations’, ‘date nights’, and ‘that one morning per month you can finally have a lie in’, and can back-date their crimes effectively so that NSY discovers them and rings you at precisely the least opportune moment. If only they’d turn to psychic services rather than murder, we’d all be much happier. Except Sherlock, of course. And probably, by extension, me, now that I think of it.
I hold very, very still. Holding still is nice. It’s difficult to offend people when you hold very, very still. It makes them feel like they’re talking to themselves, rather than their emotionally stunted ex-flatmate with an itinerant heart problem.
It wasn’t a proper kiss, not really. It was her lips pressed against mine, and her breathing (Earl Grey) against my mouth. There was a split second where I felt her tongue dip out, just for the tiniest moment across my upper lip, and then she was gone. I opened my eyes. I didn’t actually remember having closed them. Sherlock was back in her chair, across from me, feet curled up on it. She looked at me warily. I attempted the encouraging smile again.
) 'And I don’t even know- God!’ you gulp and look to the ceiling, eyes wide against their own bid at moisture, ‘I don’t even know who I married. I don’t know who he was, or who he is. I don’t know how much of that’s him. I don’t even know if this baby was really an accident or if he… did… something,’ you choke on the words, ‘did something so this happened. So I’d feel obligated. So no matter what I found out about him, I’d be t-trapped. Here. Because I’ll tell you, we were… we were careful. I thought we were. Careful. And we’re goddamn doctors. And now I’m immobilised. I can’t even run, you know? If I had to run, all I can do is fucking
John smiled, hell why not? ‘Just thinking… don’t know why I didn’t just stay here. All those years. Pretty plain as day I should’ve. Guess I am a bit of an idiot after all.’
‘No, of course not, I’ve made a spread-sheet for us of activities and combinations that I think we would find mutually enjoyable.’
Another ten minutes of the program went along and then I felt something wet press gently against my neck, accompanied by a thrill of delight that made itself known all the way down my spine. I froze. It happened again. I attempted to restart my breathing. Sherlock’s mouth continued a delicate progression tracing the soft bits of my neck and collarbone. By the time she had made it to the bit under my ear, I was as goosefleshy as a Dickensian Christmas dinner. I had no doubt she noticed. She must have been well chuffed.
‘But… well… you must’ve been attracted to someone before, this can’t be completely new. What about Irene?’
‘I get it, please just, that’s enough already. Ok? I didn’t recognise you, it’s pretty hard to see in here with the red lights and that stupid disco strobe, so don’t get too puffed up about it. And you were doing something funny with your voice.’
Joan settles in for a quiet evening, Sherlock has other ideas, which she makes known, eventually.  Behold, smut.  Fairly humorous smut, but smut nonetheless.
‘Jesus you’re… really wet.’ I swallowed, fingers insinuating themselves between the folds of her skin.
‘Sorry. Fine. Yes. Amazing.’ John pressed his face against Sherlock’s neck, and fought a terrible and unexpected tightness in his throat.
I perceived, to my relief, that I must have been scowling. She reached across and snatched the serviette from between my fingers, where my biscuits had been resting. She wiped her fingertips with microscopic precision, dabbed her lips, and put the folded, soiled thing back in my hand.
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it. ‘You were the one who suggested we ought to attempt this whole transparency concept.’
‘I just can’t accept… I know what you did. You and Martin, you had to face such similar choices. You. That day. At Barts. You destroyed your reputation, everything you’d been. You cut yourself off, gave it all up to protect m- to protect us. Me and Greg and Mrs. Hudson. And I know you wanted to stop Moriarty, but he was a very bad human, and there are lots of ways you could’ve gone about it that weren’t so self-effacing, maybe.’
I adored her. Of course I did. She was brilliant, fantastic, amazing. As much as I wanted to strangle her half the time, I also wanted to follow her around and show her off and keep her forever. I didn’t want to miss any of it. Not the deductions, not the ridiculous strops, not the horrible experiments, or the fabulous way she looked like a surprised stick insect in lab goggles. But still managed to act poised. Ok, I didn’t love the strops. But I kind of did. I loved that they had stopped bothering me as much as they used to. I loved that they happened, and I could walk out, and I knew I’d be back, and Sherlock knew I’d be back too. She was mad, and ridiculous, and sometimes the things she said made me utterly cringe, but part of me, a large part of me loved even that. End of the day, I’m not as good a person as I seem, and she’s a far better one than she lets on.
I felt a bit of a thrill, not all the sexy kind, either. I wasn’t sure what Sherlock was doing, or about to do. Wasn’t sure what I’d signed up for. That’s the problem with not talking… you think you have an understanding, and then…
Still no beta, so apologies for any hideous grammatical errors, which I shall try to remove in due course.  This is my first ever public erotica bit so comments welcome, as ever.  Happy festive-seasonmas.
‘Harry? Fuck! Sherlock! I don’t- I don’t bloody want to stay with Harry! I want to come home! I mean, I want to stay with you, If you’ll have me.’
‘Oh. Ok.’ I did. She wriggled back into the pillows like a happy cat, arms over her head. She wasn’t actually as bony as I’d expected. Which was a good thing. She was small, up top, but everything was very soft and somehow enticing, how the light pooled down into her stomach and the slight motion of her breasts as she breathed, all warm and exposed and… waiting … for me. I wanted to press my lips into the soft skin around her navel so… I did. And up round her ribcage and all around the soft skin on her breasts oh god and her nipples, which were so… well… pink. And shivery. It was funny being with another woman actually, because I was aware of everything I was doing so much more… sympathetically, almost as if it were happening to me too.
Sherlock ate five. As usual. Then, as usual, she pointed out whichever bit of biscuit I had somehow managed to get on myself (‘honestly Joan, I shudder to think of you in the surgical theatre’ had been one memorable exposition). After which she, as usual, sucked the chocolate off her own fingers with a finesse that I found hateful, specifically because we both knew she looked more refined at it than I would using a fork and knife (besides, they were
, the apotheosis, the zenith, the alpha and the omega, the absolute catalyst of everything since the moment he had appeared, the -
But I couldn’t… I couldn’t…. I couldn’t make myself feel repulsed by it. By the thought of it. Not really at all. It just seemed natural, somehow.
Gun? Probably (another annoyance with dresses). Also flats in the handbag, just in case. I would risk Sherlock sneering at the handbag for that, and forever rue all those idiots who think anyone in their right mind would go for a sprint in heels. Forget it. I had the misfortune of attempting it once, early on in Sherlock and my acquaintance, and that was an entire film genre and a half ruined for me, not to mention the shoes, and nearly both ankles.
) ‘and I know you said he wasn’t really trying to kill you, but after everything, I mean I saw your scans, you were dead on that table for two minutes, so I can’t say I entirely buy it, and I’m still just so angry!’ the teacup hit the side table, and we both jumped, ‘Sorry. So angry about it all. And I don’t know how you expect me to trust him- you- either of you- at the moment. But.’ You take a deep breath, ‘Well, seeing as how you’re the one who hasn’t shot anyone I care about recently, I thought I’d feel in less imminent threat of my life if I stayed with you. For a bit. Just til I… sorted through things.’
‘You’ll… you will?’ She was already mostly to the kitchen, ‘ruddy hell, I guess we can do that again then.’
Sherlock laughed outright, and licked a stripe all the way up the top of my (slightly fuzzy) thigh, before settling back into her previous position.
) 'recently shot you. So if you say no, I don’t blame you… I just thought…’ you gesture in a rather broad sweep of air that takes in both your abdomen and the bag, and possibly four years of history between us.
It was the fourth time I reached for the popcorn when I confirmed that, indeed, it wasn’t my imagination - Sherlock’s eyes had been twitching back and forth nervously every time I did. Every time I moved, actually. As soon as I realised it, I froze, hand still poised to descend upon the popcorn. I turned to look at her. Yup, she was staring like a startled meercat.
I kept my eyes fixed on the crossword, my tone as light as I could manage. I could practically hear Sherlock’s brow furrow. The thought made me smile.
I thought of her neck, and her collarbones and her hips, and her stomach. I’d seen most of her, at some point, though little of it all at once. She spent a fair amount of time slipping out of her dressing gown and flopping around in a sheet. I knew she was pretty bony, though not so much as you might think from my complaints about her eating. It’s really only on cases when she doesn’t eat. (More or less
Oh yes, I know. Because one of the things I’ve become very aware of, moving back here, is that I like companionship an awful lot, and the prospect of having to live alone again (at whichever point in the future Sherlock tires of me and runs off on some adventure, or assignment from Mycroft or, you know, finally mentions His Nibs the Government’s gateauphilia one too many times and has to go into permanent hiding) has become thoroughly unthinkable.
It feels good, I suppose, getting out there again. Sure. Definitely good. I by no means spent over an hour trying to decide on a username that didn’t immediately give me away as ‘that doctor that used to be in the news with the hat detective and is now getting a little middle aged and desperate’.  Nor did I nearly shit myself when I mistook the sound of the Married Ones’ door slamming for the sound of Sherlock entering the flat, as I was in the midst of an awkward attempt to take a profile picture that cleverly bridged the line between ‘desperate’, ‘apathetic’ and ‘I haven’t slept in months’.
‘Git,’ you fail to laugh, but fail to put any vitriol behind it either, ‘You know what I mean. All those years, in everything I ever saw myself doing, I never thought it would end up here.’
But then, that felt wrong too. The thing was, I had never thought of it, girls. Sherlock. Not that way. I hadn’t thought of it because I made a habit of not thinking of it. I knew I wasn’t quite like Harry. That much had been obvious, and she’d made a point of it when we were teenagers, adults, even, pushing herself apart from me. She was gay. I was straight. I was
Sherlock eyed him curiously, ‘She said a lot of things.  Though I don’t quite recall her mentioning my facial structure in that particular context.’
By the time I’d closed my mouth, the look was gone, and Sherlock was back to trying to incinerate the wall with her eyes.
‘Ok, fine, fine, I’ve got the heels. You won’t like them. You know, I’m just going to look like I got lost on my way to a work Christmas do. Five months lost.’
‘Hey, it was not my fault you called me while I was halfway back from work. In a gale, might I add. Those boots were practical. I don’t carry opera shoes in my… I don’t know… girdle, or whatever it is you do.’ An ongoing mystery to me was how Sherlock could be mincing around in deathly heels one moment, only to have them magically transform into something flat, grippy, and no doubt waterproof, the second we were called upon to give chase. As I hadn’t even managed to catch her changing footwear, I now suspected both her coat pockets and, more recently, her bra.
Your continued hesitance, and the slightly discernible stationary shuffle of your steps tell me you’re rethinking whatever your reason was for coming. After a moment, I hear the soft impact of cloth on wood. Staying then. And… interesting. Not the slap of your leather handbag, but a heavier, softer impact. A rucksack of clothing? I hardly dare hope.
I’d forgotten, temporarily, about the scars that now crisscrossed her back, and I could feel their unfamiliar corrugation under my fingers.
(3) Again, Sean is Janine, I've switched the gender. Kind of prefer Janine as Janine, really, so may change it back, but, what can I say, this was an experiment.
She shuffled down into the couch like she was nesting there, and now beamed up at me with what could only be described as…
The thing was, the answer should have been simple. It was. I knew the answer. But it somehow didn’t feel right. It didn’t seem like
‘Because you… you kinda don’t sound alright?’ I had a sudden flashback to the incident years ago in Irene Adler’s sitting room where Sherlock had just gone… a bit blank, ‘Hey, it’s ok if you want to… stop. We can, you know, take things slow.’
She rolled her eyes, ‘Impossible. I have ample observations from your previous relationships to indicate that you have adequate interest and skill range, in addition to your fixation on keeping your partner content, which I’ll admit I found baffling in the past, but have no problem using to my advantage now. In addition, while I was aware that you hadn’t taken part in this before, and certainly lack the same level of detail orientation as I possess, I was able to chart a projection of your oral dexterity from inference based on your speech patterns and articulation, your nervous habit of lingual-labial lubrication, in addition to-’
‘What, this?’ Suddenly there was no Sherlock and only that thing that was slightly too posh, but also sort of low and… could you call a voice smoky? It was sort of smoky, or something.
Across the city, NSY begins to breathe a collective sigh of relief as, in the weeks that follow, the suicides some nut jobs tried to brand as murders finally end.
And then it’s 20:27, and I’m outside in front of those bloody great pillars wishing I had trousers and my greatcoat, and shoes whose main component is not probably cardboard of questionable origin (ok, fine these were the slightly nicer ones, the ones that were harder to wear that we had had to buy for the other case, the one where I had to pretend to be a barrister for about 10 minutes, and Sherlock insisted that anything other than leather would be completely obvious and give the game away. Obviously.)
‘That was a haircut. Not an accident, Sherlock,’ I reminded her. Again. As if she didn’t definitely already know, ‘A haircut that I happened to have done in Whitechapel. And that is my favourite beret. I look good in a beret,’ I added, injecting a bit of Captain Watson into my posture. She’d have to try harder than that to make me horribly regret ever putting the thing up. Not that I wanted her to try. Or …needed her to, for that matter. Plenty of self-generated regret.
‘Hey cmon now,’ I said softly. Nothing more awkward than if she was going to be all polite about it. Bit sad, thanking people for kissing you, grim really, ‘Pleasure’s mine. Also yours… ideally.’
‘"All good?”’ her glance was through her lashes, and there was a bit of teasing there, as her lips curled around the words I'd said to her, that first night, so many years ago.
I thought about all the things I couldn’t say to her, didn’t say. All the things I couldn’t even say to myself. I thought about how indispensible her presence was in my life, how indescribably and imperfectly essential she was to my continued state of sanity. I thought of all the times I’d hated myself for not being able to say any of it, even when I thought – knew – that it was my last chance, that if I didn’t say it now, I would never say it, and she would never know.
done something I didn’t want to do?’ Which was true, although I was still a bit concerned about her whole ‘body is transport’ philosophy. Along with the fact that I was still in a bit of shock that she actually liked sex things. And that she’d specifically choose to direct them at me.
‘Sherlock. I wouldn’t want to destroy that lovely sociopath image you’ve constructed, but in case you didn’t notice, we’ve pretty much been in a relationship from the day we met. It might not have been the kind with sex, but there’s been a whole lot of near death and nearer misses, and things that most people would never make it through together. You’re doing fine. We’re doing fine. Bit of a hiccup with that whole “fake death” thing, which I’d rather wasn’t repeated, for both of our sanity, but I’ve seen all sorts with you, and I’m not running for the hills. I’m not worried about us. Alright?’
‘This will be far more practical. While I excel at multi-tasking, I nonetheless had to devote an inconvenient amount of attention to self-restraint and I fear I could have missed out on essential data.’
Yet as your contours grow vague in the twilight, none of these facts amount to anything against the future.
‘Interesting.’ A waft of autumn chill announced Sherlock's entrance, and I peeked out of the kitchen to see her performing the feat by which she somehow extracted herself from her coat without ever tearing her eyes away from her phone.
I had a brief recollection of a restless night where I’d woken up convinced something cold and hard had been going in my ear. I now suspected the thermometer, and I repressed the urge to glare at Sherlock. Now was not the time.
I’m beginning to suspect that I am, indeed, getting old, because I do not remember the prospect of dating eliciting so much dread. I mean, maybe it’s just anticipation. A very heavy, wearying sort of anticipation that makes me wish the whole ordeal was done with. And I haven’t even attempted to meet anyone yet. Jesus, I’m too fucking old for this. Except I’m not, which is why the damn profile is up.
You learn you don’t think about your girlfriends like that, you stop your thoughts before you go there. Because it’s safer just to be what you’ve always been.
‘Sherlock!’ leaping across the room, I managed to snag her by the back of the shirt as she made for the door.
Inside a bedsit in Marylebone, a hand that used to save lives fingers smooth steel for the last time. In the final moments, he is surprised to find his hand doesn’t shake at all.
Joan reflects on her past, and things that have lead her to repress her own feelings towards women, so there is some reference to homophobic ideas and behaviour here. Some insight into Harry and Joan's difficult relationship.
‘Shut up, John.’ Sherlock’s seething took on a glacial aspect, and John became aware that he had said something very wrong indeed.
There was something that flickered across Sherlock’s expression. Concern, affection, understanding… was it… sadness? Even? Maybe not. It was hard to tell in the light. Then he smiled. It was a kind smile again, not the manic one. He got up, walked over to John and put a hand on his shoulder. John looked up at him. ‘I suppose I should get going. Getting’ late.’
Sherlock hummed a little and pressed her teeth delicately into my neck, as though she was just…testing. I felt her tongue flick against my skin, and I knew she was tasting it. That thought escaped as a desperate sort of noise in the back of my throat. I could feel Sherlock’s pleased smile against me as she planted more kisses on the spot, following up til she was under my jaw. I turned my head then so I could catch her mouth with mine and it was sloppy, because I already felt like my skin had gone a bit electric, so our teeth clashed a bit when our mouths met. She made a whimpering noise but it must have been good, it was good, because she retaliated with more enthusiasm. Which I was surprised to find possible.
‘Because that has been the absolute highlight of my evening, I swear, bloody brilliant Joan, did you really not recognise me that whole time? I can’t believe it!’
‘Mine is closer,’ she said, then dragged me down to kiss her, fingers slipping between our tongues. Like she knew.
Instead, in an instant, I felt the first tentative heat of her tongue, as it slid out to trace the same path her fingers had taken. Two slips, and she gave a little strangled sigh of delight. I realised she was tasting me. In tiny tickling laps, and broad slippery decadent silken sweeps, she was tasting me, mapping every centimetre of me with her tongue, and beautiful, glowing, kneading lips. It was liquid pleasure, it was terrifying, enthralling, inescapable. I was done for.
‘No, you haven’t,’ responded Sherlock, still regarding me as if I might suddenly sprout spare body parts and go squawking around.
Your hesitance suggests you expected to find me in the sitting room, although any measure of consideration would have told you that the sofa is unsuitable for one in my state of health. I have been out of hospital for less than a week, and my predilection for those well-worn cushions does not counterbalance their inability to support the spine and rib-cage of one recovering from a gunshot wound to the chest.
It is much stranger than that, and much more painful than that, but it is a living, carrying pain, and in the end we make it through. Neither of us cares for death as much as we could, we’ve seen too much of it to have faith that cutting one thread will make things any easier. It’s like you said one evening, in lieu of an apology, and in lieu of the gratitude we both feel but struggle to articulate.
She flapped a hand ‘Yes. All of that. I don’t like it. Mostly. I don’t like… people, mostly. You know. I do… I mean... I think I could.’ She made a frustrated noise, ‘I don’t understand what it is, and it’s driving me utterly mad! Do you always feel like this? Do normal people feel like this?’
‘Yes well, I hardly need remind you that I am not most people. You were the one bent on inserting a romantic narrative into that case, which I still cannot comprehend. At best, there were elements of base attraction, particularly on her part. But that’s the shallowest chemical reaction, a trick of the body. Even in my
‘How is everything? Your pain meds holding up?’ Ah, looking for an excuse to stay. Not excuse, reason.
So I've upped my chapters, as this smut bit got really long.  Should finish up in another chapter or, at most, two, anyway.
between her lips, I nearly wept with pleasure. When she unabashedly slid her tongue inside me, I felt more exposed than I ever had in my life, but could do nothing but quiver into the unthinkable, wet decadence of the intrusion. Her thumbs were pressing symmetrical spirals into the uppermost reaches of my thigh, and some idiot was gasping an overture of sounds vaguely resembling the names of deities, and ‘Sherlock’. Oh god, that idiot was definitely me, and definitely wasn’t stopping anytime soon.
Maybe she wasn’t going to kiss me after all. Maybe she’d just occasionally study my face. Maybe she meant she wanted to conduct experiments on me. Maybe she was going to have me taxidermied and kept, just like Billy the skull.
Ok, I’ll admit, I caved, I’ve become hopelessly middle class. I signed up on the Guardian's dating website.
‘Oh don’t get used to it, your current position just happens to coincide with my preferred resting posture.’
‘Yeah, well he did a pretty shit job at that didn’t he? Because how on earth did he think that taking you from me was doing me a bloody favour?! I mean he saw me, Sherlock, he knew me when you didn’t. After you… when you were gone. We met when I was still a complete disaster. You can’t even pretend he didn’t know what that would do to me!’
‘It doesn’t fit. I get that you closed it. I accept your reasoning for why. What I don’t understand is why, considering your state of distraction previously, you seem so cheerful about this outcome.’
‘Shh, no, Joan it’s a good thing, a very good thing. I didn’t like kissing much at all with him. He was too difficult to contain. It was hard to get him to stop, and I needed him to stop. And he didn’t taste right.’
So... I've been a bit mean in this one, but let's be honest, meeting Sherlock hasn't done poor Molly any favours on the general happiness front.
‘Of course there isn’t! I’m not a monster!’ Sherlock spat, pulling his knees up into a vicious ball.
‘Sorry, sorry. Can’t well say no to that, can I? But if that’s what you had in mind, I’m going to need a full eight hours minimum,’ I shuffled down under the duvet, enjoying her look of horror.
It bothered me more than it should have done, that conversation with Sherlock. I found it following me around in the days after, asking me horrible questions like: ‘what if you were wrong’ and ‘what if she
The universe allowed me, therefore, approximately the elapsed time of a blowfly egg-laying venture, in which to exercise the hope that Sherlock would not discover said dating profile.
‘I am not arguing semantics! If you would just listen to me for a second- Will you give me that!’ Eyes watering, John whipped the cigarette from Sherlock’s grasp, preventing it from depositing a second generous offering of ash to his groin, ‘Thank you!’ Rather than flick it away, he took a drag. The flavour was somewhere between vile, and exactly what the situation needed. Mainly, it tasted like Sherlock on a bad day. ‘You finished yet?’
(1) I'm not sure why Sherlock would know about this particular vernacularism, but I'll blame it on her internet perusing.  One can always invent a case. For instance, as reported by the Daily Mail: 'Netflix and KILL! Night in turns DEADLY as lad turns laptop into murder weapon!' (n.b. this is not a real Daily Mail headline. I hope.)
‘Honestly Joan, what do you think? I told you my experience was negligible, not non-existent. You’ve made a herculean effort to socialise me, for which your knighthood is no doubt forthcoming, but I’m sure even you can imagine how the average idiot would react to me in my unaltered state.’
‘Ooof, yeah, sure just give me a minute to extract myself,’ I made a move to dislodge myself from the chair.
‘Er. Yeah. Sure. If you want. Go for it.’ I was pretty sure she’d already seen it before anyway. I leant up for a second and pulled off my top. Sherlock’s lips formed a little ‘o’ and I realised she hadn’t meant that, exactly. Shit, I must be nervous. Get a grip, Watson. Well too late now. I was silently thankful that the laundry cycle had forced me to wear a nice bra, rather than the tatty one I normally bummed around the house in.
I manage to dip my chin, but your forehead is already gathering up in one of its myriad variations of concern. You haven’t taken off your coat, so whatever it is, it must be serious. You’re half expecting me to turn you away. Stupid. Or maybe you’re expecting yourself to back out.
Once or twice, Ella had pushed me. It was in the aftermath of Sherlock’s suicide. Fake suicide, I mean. I’d been devastated, can still barely think about it. Couldn’t say- Just couldn’t say things. Ella’d asked about my feelings towards Sherlock. She asked lots of things, just trying to help me open up, I guess. To let go. But I hadn’t- couldn’t think of it, not even then. I couldn’t think of our friendship as something else, even if it was so obviously much more than any friendship I'd ever had. But to think of what it
‘Eh? Whatever you want. I mean. You usually just… do it as you go along, you know? God, Sean really was useless wasn’t he.’
‘It’s good. You being here. Home. I’m glad. I …’ she kissed me again, and it was almost a bite, ‘I missed you. God, I missed you, I-’ she sucked in another breath, and I felt her forehead scrunching up, where it was pressed against my leg.
straight. I was so traditional. She was the different one. I was boring, I was heterosexual, I was probably upholding patriarchy and oppression just by being unfortunate enough to like men. And I got it, sort of. Those things Harry said to me were her walls, her protection, and the things she’d needed to sort herself out, and feel confident enough to stand up in her identity, stand up to our parents, and everybody else. Even if I didn’t find what she was saying fair to me. As the non-oppressed one, as a member of the heteronormative majority, I was pretty sure didn’t have much grounds to complain. I’d seen the other sides of her too, seen her crying after some of her school friends had stopped hanging out with her, stopped inviting her to their sleepovers, because when she said she liked girls, they heard ‘pervert’ and ‘creep’. And that sure as hell wasn’t ok. But Harry did what she needed to, and I did my best not to blame her, even if it still hurt me.
‘Yes. And based on your responses this evening, I would be particularly keen to explore your capabilities for multiple orgasm. Not only would this help demonstrate the point I was making earlier about same-sex relationships, but I’ve been reading up on it, and I believe, Joan, really, will you stop laughing?’
‘Yeah, thought so.’ John finished the cigarette and snubbed it out, ‘Listen. If you hadn’t run away, you would’ve heard this already, and probably the nicer version. You are the love of my fucking life. Ok? I don’t care if you want to shag me six ways to Sunday, or if you decide you’re taking up a new identity named Ms Powinckle who only wears feather boas - you are the best fucking thing that’s ever happened to me. I’m not leaving, and I would love it if we could sort whatever it is that’s going on with you right now, so I can go back to worrying about whether you’ve contaminated the fridge, and how we’re gonna get Rosie to and from nursery on time, rather than whether you’re going to shoot yourself in the dick because you’re having a midlife sexuality crisis.’
I tried to think of a thing to say. I waited for Sherlock to say something. I opened and closed my mouth a few times. I then came to the conclusion that the best thing to do is to pretend nobody had said anything at all. Yes, that was the ticket. A few seconds more, and it would go away. In a moment, I decided I was safe to go into the kitchen without the topic following me, so I walked over and calmly put the kettle on. Yes. Lovely, predictable, nonconfrontational tea. Everything is normal.
Nonetheless, you may notice the presence of a few of your more familiar Johnlock tropes, I was curious to see what they would be like with my femlock characters.
Tonight seemed to be an ‘actually reading the article night’, or so it appeared, so I settled back in.
‘Sherlock, please,’ he spoke to the door, ‘I didn’t mean- You’re not repulsive. I know you can’t actually control… that. I’m not blaming you. Actually I don’t… I don’t mind. If you’re feeling more erm comfortable with your, er,
John coughed, ‘Yeah well. She clearly had a thing for you, no point in denying it. Has a thing, probably.’ He gestured vaguely in the direction of Sherlock’s phone.
‘Yes. That’s it! How brilliant! Of course, in all the spare time I have between solving cases, doing my research and looking after Rosie, I have, obviously, had ample time to peruse the cesspool of London’s population and find a prospective mate. How sparklingly observant, John. Why does the Yard even need me, when they have your towering intellect with which to consult!’
There was a fine line between admiration and desire, and I wasn’t sure of it anymore. Between love and worship.
He knew how it would go. Soon, he’d lead John to the bedroom. John would make some crack, something about how it was almost like he lived there already. He’d get ready for bed. He’d ask Sherlock to stay with him, just until he was asleep (‘bloody nightmares’) or keep him talking, keep talking until sleep took him, so he didn’t leave. Sherlock might leave for a bit. There was the violin, despite the arthritis. There were the hives, and the sky (the stars out here in the country were nice, even if technically pointless). Then he’d come back. Come back to the bedroom.
Three years later, a young forensic technician smiles to herself as she leaves work, having just been promoted to senior lab supervisor. It’s not a cheery business, working in a morgue, but not everyone can do what Molly Hooper does. It used to bother her that she didn’t have a boyfriend or anyone to come home to, but lately the last three years have felt like a blessing. It’s nice not to have that horrid anxiety of knowing the person you fancy doesn’t give a toss about you, which is what always seemed to happen to her back when she was in uni and bothered trying to date. None of that now though, now she’s the youngest lab supervisor they’ve ever had, and she feels like she could take on the world.
I was just wondering why I still had my bra on, when Sherlock reached round and unhooked it. First go. Another thing about being with ladies, I guess.   I manoevered my arms out of it and she laid back looking at me. I had the slightly hysterical notion that I was probably witnessing the creation of a mind palace room for my tits.
‘May I, Joan?’ She whispered one last time, and I could feel the humid warmth of her breath across my… well, my… you know.
Only, the girls at work didn’t know about that. Not one of them. I’d been off work then anyway, when Sherlock had been shot. And then I was off a bit more when she reopened half her stitches and needed to be dragged back to hospital. I’d imagined that’d been in the news, but I wasn’t looking at the news then. Too busy worrying about my best friend flat-lining in front of me. Again. And shortly thereafter, I was too busy worrying about escaping the nightmare that had become of my marriage and, a bit further down the line, escaping the semi-detached construct I’d shared with someone I thought had been Martin Morstan. I mean our flat, not the marriage. Although same concept, I suppose.
‘Yes, they’re fine,’ stupid, stupid. Shut up, mouth. Counterproductive. Joan is here, we ought to provide her with excuses to stay. Reasons.
‘Oh. Ok. Good.’ He’d almost forgotten the Adler topic had come up amongst everything else, 'That’s good. Erm. What brings this on?’
She may have heard me, because I suddenly became aware that she was squirming slightly, grinding against my thigh. I also realised that I was pretty much doing the same thing. And that… that was a thought.
‘So, which bit were you wrong about?’ He squirmed mentally, trying to remember what all had been said. To say his memories of that day were bittersweet in the extreme significantly understated the emotional maelstrom it had been. Never in his life had he felt more emotionally bared, or less himself... though on bad days, a hateful inner voice suggested that his true self was exactly the unfaithful and abusive monstrosity he’d let out then. He generally tended to ignore that inner voice.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed again. She got up, paced to the window. Picked up the violin. Put it down. Picked it up again. Walked over to the chair. Tapped the violin against the chair’s arm a few times. Put it back in its case. Strode over to me and stood expectantly at the edge of the chair, hands clasped behind her.
‘God. God.’ You gasp, to the ceiling again, willing your eyes to stop with the saltwater, ‘What the hell are we doing?’
She knelt abruptly at the edge of my chair, staring at me, brow constricted. I laid down the paper and pencil. ‘And yet here you are,’ she said.
Tomorrow, it would be thirty five years since John moved in with him for the last time. He had never moved out.
that. Not really. Not even when she was trying to get at Magnussen’s P.A. Despite what he’d told the papers. God, she knew I knew that, so what the hell…
‘You know, human contact is meant to have positive benefits on immune response and brain cell generation,’ she continued muzzily.
‘I’m… fine, Joan,’ she said, and smoothed her dressing gown with a prim little gesture ‘I… thank you.’
She wove her arms up through mine and traced around my face and neck with her fingers. When she got to my shoulder, she stopped.
made any sense! I mean this is Sherlock bloody Holmes we’re talking about. Sherlock ‘I’m married to my work’ Holmes. She didn’t do that. Not unless it was for a case, and even then, we both knew, she didn’t
‘You sought out the most bored looking person to make conversation with, brilliant. Bloody brilliant tactic, I love it! We have to do this more often!’
‘God, no,’ you laugh bitterly, ‘Thanks, but I think I’d rather… can we just… pretend like it’s not there for a couple hours or days or so? I know I’ve no right to ask you for anything, but could we maybe do that? Just do beans on toast, or takeaway, and watch crap telly, or whatever and just… just not deal with it, at least not today. Because I can’t right now. I just can’t. Ok?’
And then she was kissing me again. And it wasn’t half bad. She leant forward, and her fingers overlapped with mine where they leant on the arm rest, and her lips were soft and warm and…quite nice, really. I took a breath and let myself relax, let my lips slip open against hers, slid my left hand from under her fingers to reach behind her neck and pull her closer...
She didn’t say it out loud, but I could feel it, two words against me – the slip of the tongue, the whisper of teeth meeting lower lip, the rounded kiss of a vowel.
‘That’s enough to be getting on with, for most people. You do have a lot in common.’ What with being in that exclusive society of resurrected, terrifyingly clever, and weirdly attractive gentry.
"Shut the hell up and do it," John growled, overpowering Sherlock and holding his arm taught around his shoulders. Sherlock was much taller, which made it difficult, but Sherlock knew the soldier wasn't going to give up so he complied, leaning into John. John guided them out of the room, and they'd just reached the basement door when they heard shouting upstairs.
," His nose scrunched up slightly at the idea of expressing his emotions, "in situations such as this. I've grown more aware that not even you, John, can read my mind."
"On the phone with Lestrade, still." Sherlock sighed. Ms. Hudson smirked slightly - Sherlock wasn't entirely sure why.
"I..." Oliver paused, his gaze falling from Sherlock's eyes to Lestrade's desk. John noticed that his grip was loosening on Lestrade's armchair. "I remember... running? Down the street. No, down an alley. Then down a street. I remember the police cars parked on the side of the building."
There was a pause in Sherlock's brain as he followed John's orders, taking in a breath. As he exhaled, he repeated in a barely audible whisper, "'Again'?"
John let out a harsh breath and immediately relaxed, shoulders lowering and fists releasing their fighting grip.
John slowly turned his head to look at Peter and Peter looked horrified. He met John's eyes and pleaded, "He was asleep! I-I thought h-he was asleep! That wasn't me, Cap'n, I swear!"
"Give it time." John stepped closer and reached his hand out to Oliver carefully. "For now, I've got to move you to an interrogation room so a friend of mine can have his office back. I'd like to assess you for any injuries, if that's alright with you."
"If you found something bring it here, you dimwit!" John thundered, and even from the distance of the boat to the shore the crewman jumped slightly at the command of John's voice. John stepped down from his surveying spot at the helm and met the man - Ivan, who worked the front sails - by the ladder on the side of the ship.
John stopped at the entrance and rolled his shoulders, trying to shake off the flustered nerves, then opened the wood-and-glass door that looked more like it belonged to a moderately decent house than a business. A bell chimed as John walked into a small waiting room, the floor a warm-colored wood and the walls covered with blended hues of blue in an ombre effect, the darkest blue being at the bottom. In front of a wall opposite the entrance was a wooden desk with a computer monitor, keyboard, mouse, and various administrative writing supplies. A young woman in pink pastel scrubs sat at the desk, typing something on the computer in front of her. Her hair was pulled up into a bun on the back of her head and perched on her nose was a pair of black-rimmed prescription glasses.
"Now that the tedious questions are over with," Sherlock said as the two officers that had been gathering Oliver's personal information left the interrogation room, "I'd like to ask you a few of my own."
"Or perhaps likes him too much?" Sherlock added. John shot him a warning look as Isabelle looked down at her hands on her lap. Sherlock met his gaze and rolled his eyes, focusing on Isabelle again as she looked back up.
John stood up and carried Rosie over to her crib, and this time she willingly let herself be put to bed. John made sure she had a stuffed toy and her favorite blanket, kissed her goodnight, then waited in the hall for a few minutes until he heard her settle down. He closed the door gently and walked down the stairs, back into the main flat.
Oliver nodded, seeming a bit more trusting, and a couple officers escorted Sherlock, John, and Oliver to the prepared interrogation room.
"I asked why you were there, boy." John repeated, giving Peter a pointed look, and when Peter started to stumble on his words John sighed. "If you were stealin' books, you should've come to me. Though, I suppose mine don't have pretty pictures."
As if suddenly realizing how badly she needed to go, she held the crotch of her pants and quickly waddled off to the slightly ajar bathroom door. John listened carefully for a moment to see if she made it or needed help, and when he saw her sit down on the seat he sighed in relief. As he turned to a black dresser to grab today's garments, the bedroom door softly opened. He jumped and spun on his heels to face the door-
Sherlock huffed in annoyance and walked toward the room again. It was about a five minute walk past cubicles and offices, but even then Sherlock only got halfway there before his phone buzzed again. He groaned in frustration and yanked his phone out of his pocket.
Sherlock swallowed. Why was this so different from the last time he'd been this injured? It was far better than the torture in Syria, so why was he getting emotional about
"Who?" John leans over so he can see the young man, grimacing as sore muscles move underneath the skin and clothes. Suddenly, the young man perks up, eyes softening with surprise and... concern?
Stopping within Sherlock's personal space, John looked up at the taller man's eyes. Out of nervous habit, his tongue darted out to wet his lips.
"Oh fuck off." John huffed without venom in his voice, suppressing a smirk that Sherlock still managed to see. Sherlock's joking tone calmed them both, at least before John had to struggle to get Sherlock up the stairs. It took some cursing, shouting, and heavy lifting, but eventually they made it to the top.
"Well, I need to be able to use my office." Lestrade scowled in mild frustration. "Where the hell are we going to put him?"
"Rest your legs on my back. No, bit lower. You're not climbing a tree, love." John jokingly teased when Sherlock wrapped his long legs around the middle of John's back. "
John turned the door handle of Lestrade's office and opened the door slowly. He peeked in, expecting Oliver to respond similarly to how he had before, but Oliver failed to notice him. It wasn't until John moved into the room and leaned over slightly to try to meet his gaze that Oliver focused on him. Oliver jumped, startled, but when he recognized John's face he let out a soft breath of relief.
"Let's just say I was curious and did some research. Don't worry, nothing lewd will be in your web history. It was purely educational." John laughed and shook his head in disbelief.
"I was making sure." John corrected, giving Sherlock a look. "You get testy when someone tries to help you."
"You were wrong." Sherlock remarked, causing John to blink and refocus his eyes. Sherlock set the plate on the counter and gingerly unwrapped it, having to take his hand off his bandage.
"Good thing I was coming up to visit, anyways." Ms. Hudson patted Sherlock on the arm once he reached the bottom of the stairs and tugged his coat on. Just then, they both heard John open and close the flat door. As he began to descend the stairs, Ms. Hudson whispered, "Don't let John overwork himself this time. He can't go around tackling thugs on every case. He'll hurt his shoulder."
The officers finished explaining the process of the rape kit to Oliver and answered his questions, then prepared him to be taken by police car to the nearest hospital to have the kit done. As they did so, John explained to Sherlock what he found, how he found it, and how Oliver reacted. Oliver had been nervous when John left to fetch the nearest officer, but a bit of back-and-forth conversation between officer and victim with John present seemed to help Oliver come to subconsciously understand that he was being helped.
"I work alongside them." John told the half-truth and glanced at the unmarked door to his left, likely leading to the rest of the building. Before John could continue, the woman breathed,
." The volume of his voice tells John that Oliver likely isn't talking to him. He silently watches for a moment as Oliver snarls and grips his hair tight in one hand.
Rosie walked through the door opening and beamed at Sherlock, arms raised as she waddled towards him in her purple underwear, pajama bottoms discarded on the bathroom floor. John saw something rare of the old Sherlock, but far more common of the new Sherlock he had come to know over the past few months - this Sherlock smiled, warm and inviting. Realizing the change in Sherlock earlier likely caused the flare up of warmth and peace in John's chest at seeing the product of Sherlock's change in the flesh.
"We went to the bookstore and ran some errands," Ms. Hudson replied, walking in and smiling at John. "She was the center of attention at the market. Three women came up to me and praised her good behavior." She looked over at Sherlock, setting her bags down by John's armchair -
you are." John took a few steps closer, leaned on his good leg, and lifted his cane to point at the man, easily within arm's reach.
John snorted, bringing Sherlock back into the present again. "You are certainly high, aren't you?" He teased. Sherlock glared at him and John smirked. "Hey, I've got grounds to say it. I know what a morphine high is like."
"After all..." John pulled the note out of his pocket, looked at it, then held it out so Sherlock could grab it through the bars, "Your note."
." John growled, glaring at Peter, and Peter's defiance shrunk away immediately. He scuttled off after a couple seconds of shock, and John looked at Sherlock who was gripping one of the bars of the iron cage he was in.
"Good, you're here." Lestrade breathed as he saw John and Sherlock approach him at his office's door. "The kid's calmed down but I'd still be careful if I were you."
His eyes trailed over Sherlock's almost bare body, a breath escaping his lips, "Christ." Sherlock blushed.
"Hurt others." The man looks down at his hands on the top of Lestrade's chair back, seemingly noticing the blood on his hands and arms. "Hurt myself. I don't want to but if I don't it'll kill me."
"Lestrade already reported the errors to the press," Sherlock remarked. "They'll have a revised story printed by tomorrow morning."
"Not unless you murdered Mr. Trevor." Sherlock replied, watching the boy closely. Peter shook his head adamantly. "Then your illegal occupation doesn't concern me."
"I suppose that's why you called me?" John questioned, not looking away from the victim... suspect... individual.
Most of Sherlock's scars, John noticed, had been patched by John himself. Only a few barely visible, fading scars from childhood exploration and the harsh scars on Sherlock's back had not been directly treated by John. There was a sense of pride knowing that John had taken care of Sherlock so many times, despite everything that had happened since they met. Sherlock could pull himself apart so many times, but John would always be there to put the detective back together.
as the practicing psychiatrist listed beneath the name of the three-story building. Sherlock narrowed his eyes and looked down the alley next to the building. Oliver's story was valid, so far.
"Matthew - I mean, one of the voices I hear, h-his name is Matthew - I have a ritual I have to do before I can sleep, and if I don't he keeps talking until I do."
The man scowled, staring at the note in John's hands. His jaw clenched, his Adam's apple bobbed with the movement of him swallowing, and he sighed heavily after a long moment.
"We thought about putting him in an interrogation room, but we didn't want to freak him out even more." One side of Lestrade's mouth turned downwards as the three men looked inside. "He wouldn't let us get close enough to see if the blood was his or not, but we didn't see any life-threatening, obvious injuries, so we corralled him in here."
"Of course. I'm sure one of Lestrade's lackies isn't too busy." Typically, if the average person had replied to John in such a way, John would have thought they were being sarcastic. However, knowing Sherlock and his disdain for the majority of the Yarders, John knew that Sherlock was being truthful. At least, what he considered to be the truth.
"They couldn't have used the window outside to get in." John commented, holding out his phone with its light on to shine on the darkest corner.
"When you were treating me," Sherlock reminded him, "you said 'I won't let you die, not again'. What did you mean by 'again'?"
"Not really..." Oliver frowned somewhat, wrapping his arms around his torso. "We talked about our plans for the day, what we ate for breakfast - Lizzy, she's got anorexia, and she ate something for the first time in two days so we each took turns praising her for it. Then we spent the rest of the day doing activities, therapies, and eating meals, I think. Though..." Oliver tilted his head slightly, realizing something peculiar. "I don't remember going to sleep in my room that night."
"Uh, okay-" Lestrade grabbed his walkie talkie and spat some numbers into it as he went down the stairs the duo had just come up, getting a response of similar numbers back. John recognized them, but admittedly he was too focused on Sherlock to decode them. His subconscious supplied that it was probably something about serious injuries, but John dismissed it just as quickly as the thought came. He guided Sherlock over to a plastic chair and sat him down gently, whispering to him to take it easy and relax. Sherlock's injury was the only injury he cared about.
"Do you remember the name of the street you ran down?" John asked, and Oliver rubbed his temples with his index fingers, grimacing slightly. John immediately backpedaled, worried the young man had a brain injury or something similar. "Take your time. If you don't remember, don't force it. You seem coherent and I'd like to keep it that way."
sound like a hospital, maybe - or a mental institution." John confessed with a soft breath trailing behind. "But-"
"Not until your stitches are out." John countered, grabbing his pair of thin scissors that he'd fished out from the bathroom's cabinet and set on the comforter seconds before. "Flail your arms about all you want, just keep your torso still."
John recognized the name immediately from the letter, but also from gossip in London. It was who the letter was addressed to, which meant 'Sherlock' really did know whoever this 'Redbeard' fellow was. Which also meant Sherlock knew the way to decode the message hidden in this letter, one that was much different than the one John deciphered.
The door swung open, and as it did the young man tried to bolt up but was so compacted into the corner that he tripped over himself, landing on his side on the carpet.
John, however, knew better than to roam the streets. He knew better than to think he was unnoticeable. Which was why, when his newest recruit ran into the open tavern on the harbor hours before the crew was due on the ship, John was there, sitting at a wooden table in a dimly lit corner, drinking from a tankard.
"Muffle yourself." John ordered. Dirty images filled Sherlock's mind and it was enough to pull him over the edge. John could feel Sherlock's orgasm hit him and, rightfully so, pressed his hand against the pillow on Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock moaned obscenely and John's entire body shook with the arousal it caused, Sherlock'd body acting like a vice grip around John's. The second Sherlock's moan began to trail off, John planted both hands on the mattress once more and started a brutal pace. Sherlock gripped the pillow with one hand and held it against his mouth while his other hand pumped his length, his heavy panting muffled.
John's face softened, shifting from confusion to affection, and he let his hands rest at his sides. He walked back over to Sherlock and the bed, noticing Sherlock's Adam's apple bob as he swallowed, a nervous but excited look in his eyes. John sat down on the edge of the bed, expecting to have a conversation about preparedness and cleanliness, when Sherlock reached out to hold John's jaw in place while his mouth pressed against John's. John smirked against Sherlock's lips and kissed him back, leaning forward until Sherlock was flat on the bed and John was holding his torso above Sherlock's by his elbows on the mattress.
"Of course, dear." She replied. John carried Rosie past her and set her in her highchair, clipping the plastic tray in place as Ms. Hudson continued, "Should we wake him?"
It happened in so quickly that John reacted on instinct. The man threw something at him and John dodged, noticing for a moment that it was something metal and sharp, and John aimed for the man's hip and fired. The gunshot filled the room, bouncing off the walls and tiled floor in a disorientating sound. The man screamed and fell, blood splattering all over the floor behind him. He held his hip and sobbed with pain - he wasn't going to move any time soon, John was sure.
Sherlock grinned deviously. “I would be delighted,” he purred. He let his eyes fall closed as John leaned in, pressing his lips to Sherlock's gently. Sherlock slid his fingers into John's hair and tilted his head slightly, parting his lips as John pulled away. They stared at each other for a moment, both questioning, both waiting as they shared the tense air between them.
“Yes, I suppose so,” Sherlock sighed, “I'm sure she'll see to it that we don't fall to our death. Ready?”
Sherlock nodded, gasping to catch his breath. “Didn't think she'd actually do that to me,” he huffed.
Goblintown was not a place John would soon want to visit again. It was bad enough they were stuck traveling with ill tempered, smelly dwarves, but the gruesome, bloodthirsty villains they seemed to attract were beyond a doubt the worst creatures John had ever had the displeasure of seeing.
“Sherlock?” John huffed under his breath. He gave the detective a frown, concerned that maybe they shouldn’t be giving up so much information about themselves.
It was nearing nightfall when they stopped to make camp on the outskirts of a thick and foreboding forest, and the horses were getting restless. John could have sworn the horses were much smaller when they had started off from Beorn's, but clearly he was mistaken. How, he couldn't be sure. All he knew was when they finally got down off their horses and set to make a meal for the evening, he was very grateful. His legs were sore and he was famished. He sat on the cold ground while Gloin and Bombur set about lighting a fire. It wasn't long before a certain hobbit came to sit with him.
John glanced at Sherlock, who was struggling not to laugh. He turned back to dwarf king and stalked toward him impatiently. “Oh for Christ sake Thorin, he has an army! Give him the damn jewels!”
“Really, how did your simple minded line ever come to leadership?” Sherlock continued, oblivious to the dwarf king's mounting rage.
John got out of bed, went to the kitchen, and made two cups of tea. He made two plates of toast and sat down at the table. He didn’t touch his food or his cup. He sat and stared until Sherlock came to sit in the chair across from him. John shook his head jerkily against the image of Sherlock’s face covered in his own blood, his throat constricting as his eyes welled up again.
“Come on then,” Sherlock took the hem of John's shirt and lifted it up and off. “Let's get you cooled down a bit and get into bed.”
Sherlock huffed, resigned. He would have to play by the rules. Keep the tension rising until John snapped. He sat back against the back of the tub, wincing dramatically and grasping the edge of the tub roughly.
Thank you everyone, for taking on this absolute garbage, enjoying it, hitting kudos, leaving comments, and all the wonderful things you've all done to let me know this has hopefully made you laugh!
They wouldn't shut up. The red head elf had been sitting on the step next to Kili's cell for ages, and Sherlock was ready to tell her to piss off just so she would leave! He had been so close to springing them all from their cells, when the guard captain had shown up under the pretense of checking on the prisoners. Now she just couldn't bare to be pulled away from Thorin's youngest nephew, a fact the brooding king obviously found distasteful.
Sherlock continued to take in what he could of his surroundings before he opened his eyes. There was the soft sound of water falling, obviously outside the walls he was enclosed in. The sound of bird song flowed in through the window above his bed, indicating it was most likely morning. Sherlock frowned. There was the steady rhythm of someone breathing next to him, a bit closer than was normal. He blinked his eyes slowly open, squinting at the morning light pouring through the window. The haze cleared and he took in his surroundings.
The dwarves indeed were splashing in the fountain, completely naked and looking for all the world like a bunch of bearded children at play. What immature, foolish, uncivilized-
John dropped his elbows to his knees and scrubbed at his face with his hands. “I think I’m just- I’m going to bed. See you in the morning, yea?” He headed upstairs without waiting for a reply.
Sherlock watched as John's thoughts seem to dance across his face. There was no hiding anything from Sherlock, and the detective couldn't help the way his body responded to the obvious arousal written all over John's face. He pulled a knee up, hoping to keep his body's physical response to himself for just a few moments longer.
“Kili!” Thorin's voice was a command and a warning in one. He glared at Kili as he strode through camp, making his way over to where Gandalf and Sherlock stood in what appeared to be a heated debate outside the light of the fire.
John shook his head, taking aim, then with a steady exhale, he pulled the trigger. The goblins holding Bilbo looked up as the ceiling began to fall, first in small pieces, and then larger chunks.
Then there was their setting. Clearly, they were not located anywhere on Earth, which made Sherlock think they were most likely in some fantasy world. They had not crossed any other living beings, (other than a bit of wildlife, and only when they were hunting) but Sherlock was certain there had to be more. Unfortunately, he hadn't had much time to dwell on such things, out in the wild “roughing it” as they were.
Dwalin's eyes raked over the man's slender frame, and then drifted back to his pale and lovely face.
“I... I can't...” Sherlock tipped his chin down, feigning shyness. Then he looked up from beneath his thick lashes and bit his lip nervously.
“No,” John frowned. “Feel what?” Before Bilbo could answer, John leaned in again, hoping to answer the question for himself.
Sherlock frowned, glancing at John, who was now staring off at the ground with a besotted grin and a faraway look.
John caved first, crashing his lips into Sherlock's and delving in to taste every inch of his mouth. Sherlock pulled John onto his lap, the doctor spreading his legs and slotting their bodies together tightly. Sherlock groaned, arching up into John, who gasped and pressed down into him. Sherlock's hands dropped to grasp at John's thighs and urged him to rock, faster and harder. Sherlock threw his head back, a lewd groan escaping his lips as John's thighs began to tremble against him.
It had been three months since Sherlock jumped. Three months, and John saw Sherlock everywhere he went. He had spent the first week in bed, staring vacantly at the ceiling. Mind empty and body numb. The third day, he rolled over to find Sherlock sitting next to him. He reached out, trying to touch him, to feel the warmth of his skin, and Sherlock disappeared.
“John?” Sherlock elbowed his friend, attempting to pull his attention from the disgusting display of romance blossoming like a nauseating garden, an analogy Sherlock couldn't help but grin at.
Fili was the crown prince, or would be, once their kingdom was reclaimed. Sherlock could see the struggle within the fair-haired youth. He wanted to enjoy his brothers antics, find fun or make it himself, but he also wanted to be responsible. The prince longed to prove himself to his uncle, prove that someday, he would make a good king. He was obviously a point of interest, as his conflict seemed a bit more obvious than might seem necessary.
John grinned. “Sherlock is.... Sherlock is very different from most,” he explained. “He often times doesn't care if he hurts peoples feelings, and I think that is simply because he so frequently doesn't realize that he's doing it, so if he were to feel bad about it, he would feel bad all the time. Sherlock's brain doesn't work like most peoples, it's......” John shook his head, unable to find a proper description. He let his shoulders drop and huffed. “It's beautiful. His mind. The way it works,” he gave Bilbo a nervous grin and shook his head.
John’s jaw clenched and he scowled. “No! No. No, I am not visiting him, I simply need… air. I need air. And I’ll be back- well… don’t wait up.”
John and Sherlock tumbled to the ground as pandemonium erupted around them. Bilbo and the dwarves had surrounded them, taking up arms against the spiders and keeping John and Sherlock from being harmed as the doctor tried to shake the detective from his stupor.
“Come now, John. It's time to meet Smaug.” Sherlock kept John's hand held in his own as he led the doctor down to the sea of gold on the floor. They quietly crept closer, listening to the conversation being had.
The door swung inwards before John could bring himself to knock, and he found himself face to face with Sherlock, alone on the threshold.
John pulled away from where he had been nibbling on her shoulder and looked around in irritation. “I sleep downstairs.” He went back to his task and huffed when she pushed him away.
John had zoned out again before she had finished speaking. Mrs. Hudson cleared her throat, her hands jumping to her hips as she tapped a toe.
John looked up at Sherlock's voice, his face taking on an even deeper shade of red as he caught sight of Sherlock's half hard length beneath the water.
Hey everyone! Hope you're still enjoying the silliness. Moving right along here, let's see how our favorite detective and doctor duo are handling Middle Earth. All mistakes are mine, many of them are intentional.
Sherlock nodded, more focused on getting John's clothes off. He went to find his pack and pulled out one of his own shirts and helped John into it.
Sherlock contained his smirk at the flush that covered John's face. The doctor clenched his jaw determinedly, before he moved to stand behind Sherlock. He grabbed the waistband and pulled down.
Sherlock turned and took the hand offered to him, following John's lead and letting himself be eased into the tub. When had the water been turned off? Sherlock could distinctly remember John turning the water on earlier, but he could have sworn the doctor had left it on when he had stormed out. He was certain neither of them had turned it off after that moment either.
Heartbreak? He knew John would miss him, but absolute misery? Guilt? These were not things he thought he would be leaving John with. He took a deep breath and faced John again.
Great. His thoughts seemed messy and poorly worded in his head again, as though they were written haphazardly across a page where someone was desperately trying to line them up, but was doing so too hastily to make them flow properly. That kept happening. Strange. Perhaps Sherlock would have a theory on it. He would probably say something about it being the author being too stupid and in a hurry to give John's thoughts much... thought.
“Hm?” John squinted up at Sherlock, his face going from curious to livid within the span of a few seconds. “It's too early for your bull shit, Sherlock.” John wrapped the blanket tighter around him and flung himself down, turning to face the wall.
They made their way slowly across the floor, and Sherlock couldn't help but to admire the man supporting him. John was shorter than Sherlock, but he was surprisingly sturdy. Sherlock could feel the stretch and bunching of shoulder muscles beneath his arm, and why the hell was he thinking about this right now?
“Oh no, no we're not brothers,” John answered quickly, “Sherlock is my... friend. My best friend,” John smiled warmly at Sherlock over the girl's shoulder. There was a sparkle in his eye that Sherlock was glad to see had returned.
“I said I'm not scared, Sherlock!” John declared, pulling his hand out of Sherlock's grasp and resuming his agitated pacing.
John huffed at the floor, before deciding to hell with it. “Yes. I have been completely lost without you. I have spun in circles, lost my job, lost my purpose, my life, sitting around here and trying to make sense of it. To convince myself I couldn’t have saved you. To let go of the guilt. The heartbreak. The absolute misery-” John looked away and chewed idly on his lip.
“What?!?!” John's yell attracted the attention of the group of dwarves, but he didn't notice. “What the bloody hell does that even mean? We're in a fanfic?”
Nori chuckled, coming out from behind a tree. “Even our 'idiot' king has figured out the best way to win the affections of his intended.”
“Quite alright. I'm fine. No harm done,” Sherlock mumbled, looking anything but fine, which was quite a lazy way to put it.
The hobbit glanced over as John Watson made his way to Sherlock's side. The two regarded each other uneasily, before Bilbo took a hesitant step back.
Hello lovelies! Hope you haven't given up on me updating! Every other week is about all I can manage at present. If even that. It's killing me honestly. I don't get to write any more nearly as much as I want to. Hopefully I will find a better balance in the future. But for now, don't give up on me! I'm still here!
“Surely this shouldn't hurt so terribly,” Sherlock groaned between clenched teeth as John took the taller man's arm and slung it over his shoulders, taking most of Sherlock's weight.
Some days, Sherlock paced the living room, eyes alight with excitement, as though he were working a case. Most days, Sherlock sat in his chair, staring sadly at John and never breaking eye contact.
The room Sherlock found himself in was all white; walls, ceiling, floor, even the furniture. There was no door, just an opening one could walk through at will, giving Sherlock the unsettling feeling of being exposed. Sunlight pored in through the opening, bathing everything in a blinding light that reflected horridly into Sherlock's eyes. He squinted and took stock of himself, noting the mildly threatening cut running along his side. The warg that pinned him must have nicked him with it's long sharp claws.
“You don't miss anything, do you? But, for such a genius, has it not occurred to you that maybe you should be trying to show your appreciation for John, instead of constantly trying to charm his pants off? And for your own benefit? Maybe, you should be thinking about what he needs, not what it takes to get him naked.”
Sherlock didn't get much time to curse her for it. The air suddenly went hot and Bilbo was running toward them.
The conversation with the wizard had gotten them nowhere. Wise though he may seem, Gandalf was lacking as far as Sherlock was concerned. Sure, he had a bit of whit, and he seemed to understand more than most. He did see, but like most, he did not observe. The wizard seemed to know more than he let on about Sherlock and John, but seemed clueless as to the obvious peril he was sending Thorin and the company into.
Or maybe, that was the wishful thinking of a thirty one year old romantic sap writing fanfic instead of going to bed. But hey, he was a fictional character in a fanfic. Who was he to judge?
“I have no more idea as to how we came to be here than you do as to how you came to be an elf lord in Middle Earth,” Sherlock answered shortly.
“So, Master Baggins...” a voice began beside him. “Oh! So sorry John. I thought you were our burglar!” Bofur nodded his apology and rode forward to catch up with the hobbit.
Sherlock groaned in annoyance. “Should've counted on that. Rookie mistake. Of course the little hobbit would want to save his would be lover. Dammit!”
Sherlock peered around the tree at the rest of the group, sizing them up and trying to figure out the best way to proceed. The decision was taken from him, when the one called Dwalin rounded the tree he was hiding behind, probably to relieve himself.
Sherlock couldn't remember ever really noticing what he had on. He had been looking for trousers earlier, but, given that this fic was being written by an amateur, he should expect such ignorance of details. His hip bone ached where it rested against unforgiving stone, and Sherlock had been quite convinced John had left him in Rivendell and headed out on his own. He was glad to be proven wrong when the sound of John's sure gait echoed from the bedroom.
“John,” Sherlock's voice was breathier as the anticipation wound ever tighter. “John!” he gasped as a tongue ran up the crease of his thigh.
“Stop talking,” Sherlock finally felt a bit more in control of the stupidity falling out of his mouth, until he moaned “faster!” a little too desperately.
Chapter 2! I know it seems like I'm poking fun at fandoms, but really, I'm poking fun at myself. I find I write the most predictable formulas in fic, and I can't say that I'm ashamed!
John opened his eyes, and his apparition again had a clean face, dressed in his usual robe and pajama bottoms. John sighed, relief overwhelming him, and he took a sip of his tea.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but followed John's command. He had just managed to dodge a wild swing from Dwalin's war hammer, when there was a flurry of movement from in the trees.
“It’s what she wanted. Besides, I couldn’t just stand by and let myself be murdered by Bard the Bowman.”
