“I know but I picked up the wrong one on my way home. Sorry.” He presses a kiss to the top of Steve’s head. “Forgive me?”
He knows that both him and Steve are just looking out for him and just wants what’s best for him. But he also knows that David get upset for small things sense people had betrayed him in the past and was worried that Tony would cheat on him, so Tony just had to stick it out for a while until their relationship was more stable and David would see that he could trust Tony and that he wouldn’t cheat on him with Steve. It would just take a little while, that’s all.
He doesn’t know the answer. Whatever he does will ruin one relationship. If he goes to Steve, David will hate him and possibly kill him. If he goes to David, Steve will never forgive him for this. He made this mess, he needs to be the one who cleans it up. Even if it kills him.
Tony takes a deep breath before he starts talking in a quiet voice. “It all started three years ago when we went out to celebrate Bucky and Nat’s engagement…”
“What sir?” Steve asks terrified of more punishment.
“So I got a few interested in science by letting them do code and do their own A.I big deal!” JARVIS still hated him for trying to make a A.I smarter than him and the plan had been to do another Dum-E or U but it had been a bit better then planed and expected.
“Yeah?” He questions. “That sounds nice.” He adds, realizing he sounds stupid.
He was muttering equations, a way for him to prolong this feeling also a sure tell sign that he were close. Steve had been hurt the first time he had done it thinking there was something wrong with him but when he found out it was because he thought that Steve was too good at sucking and he would come to soon Steve had welcomed it and knew that he was doing something right whenever the equations came out.
When he wakes up the next morning he is alone in the bed. He turns around and the other side of the bed is messy telling him that Tony had gone to bed with him last night. He was probably in his workshop he thinks to himself. He sits up and swings his legs over the bed.
“Yeah. You and me.” Tony promises again. And something must have clicked in Davids mind because he didn’t touch Tony during the coming weeks and his body was clean of bruises. So when it was time for his dad’s party he almost looked like he used to but he was a bit lighter so the suit looked a bit to big on his frame but David was happy so he was happy. Things were going to be good again.
Tony hit him one, two, three, four times in a row and he tried to move and escape the biting leather wanting nothing more than this to stop. Only seven to go! He feels Tony’s hand on his butt and his hand seemed like ice against his burning skin. He drags the calloused finger pads over the burning and swollen skin. It was a simple touch but he whimpered wanting more of the softness. “I know sweetheart. We are almost done.” Tony promises him. Steve takes a deep breath and let it out preparing to the last ones. He could do this.
So after a lot of consideration he decide to go back home. He didn’t have the right to disrupt Steve’s life. He had better things to do then solve Tony’s issues. He gets in a cab and goes home again thinking David would still be asleep and this whole thing would be forgotten.
When he came home in the afternoon, the kitchen was still a mess and the dishwasher still open. He decided that this was it; he had it with his husbands cleaning system he swore by but obviously it didn’t work! With a heavy sigh he turns around and marsh down to the workshop Tony had in the basement. Steve was not surprised when the music was blaring in the workshop and he had things scattered around the room, yet it was cleaner and more organized down here than the rest of the house. He taps on Tony on his shoulder and Tony spin around surprised to see his husband looming over him. The music stops in an instant and Steve just stares at Tony.
“Tony will not be mad and he will let you come down to his lab. He really likes having you there.” That was the truth, Tony loved having someone to show everything he knew and teach them how things worked. No Adam wasn’t some wonder-child like Tony had been but Tony just loved having someone down there that got as excited about robots as he did.
“So how is SI? When is your dad officially retiring?” He questions knowing that he will be holding a big party like he always did when big things happened.
And that was the beginning of Tony’s living hell.
“Good boy.” Only four more to go. He could do this.
“I am gonna go for a run.” And he was out of the kitchen faster then Tony could react and he wouldn’t even try to stop him knowing Steve cleared his head when he ran.
“You are so good for me! Such a good boy!” Tony praises and Steve feels some sort of pride swell inside of him. He was doing well for Tony and that was all that mattered. Tony thought he was a good boy. Tony steps back again and continue to hit him systematically ten more times, each time making him cry out in pain more than the one before and he could feel tears pooling in his eyes. His butt was on fire, his dick was aching wanting release and his shoulders were starting to hurt from being in this position for too long. He took a deep breath wanting to make Tony proud and finish this. “Good boy.” Tony place a soft kiss on his tail bone and the softness was such a stark contrast to the belt.
“Alright I guess. People talked, we partied at night the usual.” David shrugs his shoulders, taking sips of his whiskey.
“It’s Tony. If you don’t bring him flowers he will find a way to make you suffer from the other side.” Natasha replies ignoring the bitterness in his voice. “And he loved the flowers you gave him… Didn’t matter if they came from a fancy flower shop or if you picked them in the backyard, it was from you therefore he loved it.” She smiles fondly at the memory of seeing Tony’s stupid smiles the first time Steve sent flowers to him on his birthday. He somehow from the middle of nowhere and undercover managed to send Tony a flower bouquet.
“Yeah. I am going over there!” Tony sounds certain like a predator finding its prey.
“I snooped and you had looked at that specific one eight times.” Steve sighs he knows where this is going. “It should be here in a few days and I was hoping I could use it on you this weekend. If you want?”
“No! We are here because of my dad! I didn’t even know he was supposed to be here!” David let’s go of his wrist just as Steve comes up to them, his smile big and his eye’s glimmering when he sees his friend. “Hey Steve! Long time no see.” Tony says happily and hugs his friend who hugs him to tight and to long and he knows he will feel David’s anger tonight.
Delete.
“Steve?” His trance was broken and he was forced back to reality when he much rather be in dreamland and fantasizing about Tony and what he could do to that body. He looks into the brown eyes that seemed confused to his sudden silence.
My cousin birthday was this weekend... He would have been 29 and it just got me sad and I needed to get it out.
Things were different and they tried their hardest to make Joanna and Adam feel at home in the house and Joanna had no real issues to get comfortable in her new home but again Adam was struggling to feel at home and would ask for permission to do simple things like having a glass of water or playing in his room if they where at the table painting or playing game. It was as if he was a guest in the house rather then living there and he was free to do what he wanted.
When he arrived at the cemetery he saw his friends waiting for him. “You didn’t all have to come…” He says as he comes closer to them.
“Hi. My name is Rachel. May I ask if you are Tony Stark?” She holds out her hand and waits for him to take her well manicured hand. No wedding band he notes.
For awhile at least. The following months things would take a turn.
“Anytime Mr. Stark.” And then she leaves to see to her next patient and Tony was forgotten. When he get’s out to the waiting room and groans heavily and not because he just got fifteen stitches in the back of his head. No because David, Happy and Steve seemed to have decided it was the perfect place to discuss Tony.
Delete.
But more often than not it was just him and the family dog, a black Labrador named Pixie. His daughter had a fascination with pixie dust when they got the dog eight years ago.
Tony hovers over him and place a soft kiss on his lips. “Absolutely.” Tony agrees. “You want some boxers or sweats for bed?” He asks softly, brushing he blonde hair back.
Steve nods and laughs softly. “He does. And that will never change. But now we really should get to bed.”
“I don’t care Tony! We are two in this house! And soon I am pretty sure we will have pests!” Steve shouts.
Steve smiles softly. “I remember that night.”
He helped Joanna with her homework and picked up Adam from his dance practice thinking Steve would be home when they got back but he wasn’t. Tony didn’t know if he should worry or not but deciding to give it a few more hours. He made a evening snack for the kids and let them talk to him about their day glancing at his watch ever so often feeling worry build in his stomach. What if something had happened to Steve?
Obviously Tony’s system didn’t work.
“I don’t want to forget how he smelled like, how he talked or looked. What if I forget about him? I already have trouble remembering his laugh!” He is upset and hurt. The memory of his husband was slipping away from him.
“So how long have you and Steve known each other?” David suddenly asks looking up from his carbonara. Tony finishes chewing and takes another sip of wine before answering.
Tony had never felt dirtier.
“We are moving in together!” Tony exclaimed as they were sitting at Nat and Bucks place drinking bear and playing video games. Normally they would be happy for Tony or at least pretend to be happy for him but it was hard to pretend when they hated David and saw how bad David was for Tony.
“Tell me.” Steve urges.
He swallows the food and look up at Tony before answering. “Yes sir.” Steve hoped that Tony wouldn’t find out about him touching himself. He didn’t need to know everything he did. “Actually…” He begins but his voice betrays him.
“You do that babe and I will be right here when you wake up.” He promises and he can feel Tony’s dry lips against his neck in a soft kiss and it doesn’t take long before the brunette’s breathings evens out and he is asleep.
“Isn’t that a bit early?” Natasha questions, which was a fair question in everyone’s mind sense they had only been dating for six months and those six months had been rocky at best. Of course they had tried to say this Tony who would only get defensive and say that they didn’t understand their relationship and that they should really try to get to know David better.
“Good boy.” Then the final blow final came and Steve was too exhausted to even cry out in pain even though it was the worst one. Tone began to unbuckle him from the spreader bar and soothes his wrist and ankles with his finger pads before he got up on all four, his shoulders and back protesting after being locked down for so long. Then he felt the vibrator being pulled out of him making him whimper by the loss. “One final things sweetheart and we are done.” Tony was moving his fingers along his spine and shoulder blades in soft motions calming him down.
“Yes Sir!” The A.I confirms and Tony makes his way into the kitchen where Steve was putting the finishing touches on the plate of food. He looked up from behind the counter and their eyes met, Steve was definitely hitting subspace, his pupils where wide and he tried to make himself smaller then he actually was. Good luck with that when you are over 6 foot and 200 pounds of muscle.
“He already has…” Tony replies quietly.
“And I will help out more.” Steve promises. "Again I am sorry for yelling at you, I guess I thought that I saw it as a failure if our home wasn't as prestine as it used to be and I don't know... My insecurities got the best if me." Steve admits.
“We can’t… we have two kids remember?” Steve chuckles and places a kiss on Tony’s forehead.
He had chosen to be buried beside his parent’s.  Steve walks up and put the flowers on his grave. “I really miss you…” He says before the tears came running down his face. “I love you Tony.” For a moment the leaves rustled from a breeze in otherwise wind still day.
He replies. He decide to look through his fridge and cabinets so he could write a list before going to the store tomorrow. He put on some music before he started, letting the music fill the room. His phone vibrated again.
He put the kids to bed and as Joanna was reading her book to him he heard the font door open and close. He let her finish her chapter and telling her how good she was becoming at reading. It was something she was struggling with and as a way to encourage her to improve her reading she got to read a chapter from a book of her choice to one of them each night.
“I came to talk to you Anthony.” Howard’s voice was as cold and hard as it had been 15 years ago but this time Tony wasn’t scared of him. “Can I come in?” He questions.
“I am sorry… I just get easily jealous and in my past people have cheated on me and I don’t want to be a past time until something better comes along you know…” David admits and Tony just nods waiting for him to continue or change the subject. “And it worries me how much time you spend with Steve… that you will eventually cheat on me with him. But that is just my insecurities talking and I am sorry.”
“Thank you sweetheart. You are so good to me.” Tony praises him and Steve’s beams by the small compliment. He loved hearing he did things good and even better that he was good for Tony. “Take the plate and place it on the table and I will be there in a moment okay?” Steve nods and takes the plate and the glass of water and heads to the dining table. Tony goes to the living room and gets a pillow and a wooden box he had been hiding in the bookshelf before going to the dining table again. He put down the pillow by his chair. “Kneel sweetheart.” Steve obeyed and let his knee’s land on the soft pillow. “I got something for you.” He smiles and opens the wooden box. Steve can’t see what’s in it but he feels it going around his neck.
“Yeah but if they don’t appreciate you and want you to look bad you should go to some place where they want you and your abilities. You are good at your job so why shouldn’t you be in an environment you thrive?” Tony wonders, wanting only the best for the man he loved. Of course David saw it as Tony undermining him and trying to make him look stupid. Luckily they were alone so no one was around to see when he was being undermined by his boyfriend.
“No I just got of my shift. What’s going on? If it for Howard’s retirement party just tell me when and where and I’ll be there.” He says knowing it was coming up and both Howard and Maria loved him and saw him more as a second son then just their son’s friend. And he knew that no matter who Tony brought home to meet the parents could never compete with Steve and for some reason he was oddly proud of that.
Steve bent down to Adams level. “Sweetie… I will never do that. Tony will never do that. We will never hurt you in any way. We love you Adam and there is nothing in this world you could possibly do that would make us hurt you. You understand?” Adam looked confused like Steve was speaking a different language
“Yes sir.” He gets out. He looks up at Tony who never seemed to tear his eye’s a way from this sight. He groans out again closing his eyes shut trying to think about anything else but Tony’s intense stare. “Please Sir…” He begs and tries to slow down his strokes in attempt to push of his orgasm.
“Yeah? What kind of prototypes?” He questions still focusing on cleaning out the wounds.
He puts down the phone and tries to get back to his computer but it was impossible to even try to think about work when he knew what was waiting for him at home. His Steve, who was willing to do anything thrown at him in an attempt to please his dominant, a trait too many had taken advantage of in his past making Tony’s blood boil in anger. Yes Tony technically used him to but it was always in ways Steve had consented to beforehand and actually wanted it and he would never leave him to drop on his own, the way others had before. They had extensive talks before they started any of this. Tony had insisted, since the whole ‘I will heal so do whatever’ didn’t really fly with him. It was supposed to be a good experience for the both of them.
“Yes. And I will not let you into my life and ruin everything I have with him, because that’s what you always do and I will be left to clean up the mess.” He took a deep breath. “So no, you will not get a second chance and I don’t want to hear from you ever again.” And with that he closed the door and he could feel a few tears fall down his face which he quickly wipes away before going to the kitchen were Steve and Maria was drawing. He walks over to them and let a hand squeeze Steve’s shoulder and press a soft kiss to Maria’s head while watching her draw a horse. He feels an arm snake around his waist and pull him closer to press a kiss on his shoulder.
He glance up to Tony who meets his eyes and he smiles before burying his face back down into his midsection and he could feel Tony starting to vibrate with laughter.
Yes his parents had always been rich and he could have anything in the world that his heart had ever desired. But he never longed for the new toys when he was a child, he had plenty of those. No he wanted his father’s attention, praise and love. He was a bright young boy with the whole world at his feet and he did everything to make his father proud. So he was several years ahead of his peers when it came to his academics making him the constant outsider and never having friends. But he wanted his father’s approval so he put up with the whispering, pointing, not having friends and constantly being alone wheatear it was in school or at home. All in hopes of finally making his father proud.
Tony continues to stand with his back towards Steve thinking over his choices. He knows he have to get back to David or he will pay for it he knows it. If David finds him here with Steve, Steve will be the one paying for it and he couldn’t have that on his conscience.
He smiles as he leans back into his chair and thinks that life is good and it would only be better from now on!
“Again…” David mutters and tugs at his hair again wanting to be deep inside in Tony’s mouth. Tony goes back again and start to take him deeper relaxing his throat and hollow out his cheeks, he almost at the base when David takes a harder grip on his head and begin to pull in and out of Tony’s mouth on his own accord, hitting him at the back of his throat and he felt that his supply of air was running out. He panics trying to pull away from David’s death grip but gets nowhere and only seems to encourage David to move faster into his mouth.
That sounded like a good idea Tony thought distantly and got help from David to get up. His head was spinning but they got Happy to come and get them and they where on their way to the hospital.
“Anthony I came all the way here and I want to talk to my son.” Howard’s voice was stiff and his jaw clenching. He had hoped that this would be easier, that his son would still be broken and desperate for his father’s approval.
“Did he…” He didn’t have to finish the question Tony already knew. “Yeah… He was abusive and you knew when it was coming.” He says and that was all he was going to say on the subject. “And if I turn into that he wins and I can never forgive myself.” Tony says in a vulnerable tone Steve had never heard before. “I didn’t want to tell you because I know you liked him…” Tony sighs and there it was again, out of respect for Steve’s feelings he didn’t say anything about his abusive childhood and yet again showed him that Tony loved him more than anything else in this world.
“As a teacher?”
It was almost 5 am and they should get to bed Steve notes but he doesn’t want to rush Tony in case he wants to continue to share his story. But he was closing in on being awake for almost 24 hours and his body was aching for sleep. But he was also very aware of how hard it was for Tony to tell him about this and telling him that they should sleep could make Tony believe that he didn’t want to hear this and shut down. And that was the last thing he wanted.
“You will probably get a concussion but other then that you were lucky it could have been mush worse.” The female doctor tells him and smiles after stitching him up. “The stitches will dissolve on the their own and if you feel dizzy or nausea after 10 days you should come back and make sure it’s not something worse.”
“Not even like trying…” He nibbled on the earlobe. “A spreader bar?” The breath was warm and moist against his ear before he started to suck on his pulse point again.
“That wasn’t what I meant… I just thought it would be nice to get away...” Tony begins but is quickly interrupted by David.
Tony grips his hair and sets the pace and fucks his mouth and Steve adjusts and sucks him enthusiastically allowing Tony to deep throat him. He can hear Tony muttering and groaning in pleasure when he hollows out his cheeks more and the tongue swirl around his head before shoving it down deep again. Steve loved to suck Tony off it always made him a blubbering mess and it was satisfying feeling knowing that he could bring the genius brain to complete mush.
So here they were.
“And I love you and will always love you.” He echoes. He turns around so he can kiss Tony on the mouth one last time.
“I don’t know… I am terrified.” Steve admits.
“Hey sweetheart.” Tony greets him. Steve remains quiet. “You are allowed to speak sweetheart.” Tony offers. He comes up to stand beside him.
“Take these...” Steve hands him the clothing before picking things out for himself. “Like I said take the bed and I’ll be on the couch. If you need anything just wake me up alright?” Steve informs Tony who just nods before Steve moves out of the room and close the door behind him and he barley moves from the door until he hear the click of the door locking. Unlike before they would share a bed before without any trouble. Fighting about who stole the cover and who took up the most space. But that was long gone now. He moved slowly to the couch and got comfortable there trying to fall asleep.
“I do now… I love you.”
“Steve did I mention that David is a lawyer?” Tony tries hoping that it will break the tension between the two. He desperately wanted them to get along.
Tony climbs onto the chair straddling him, his thumbs running along his jaw. “Never. You hear me Steve? I will never be bored with you.” Then he kisses him slowly and softly. “You are the love of my life and best friend Steve and your happiness means more than my own so if you want to teach again you should do that.” He whispers against Steve’s lips
Adam takes a step forward and wraps his arms around Steve’s neck and hugs him as tight as he can. “Thank you for wanting to be my dad,” Adam whispers.
It was close to midnight when there was knocking on his door. Not that he was anywhere close to getting any sleep he still wondered who the fuck was at his door at this time. It was too early for his friends needing a place to stay unless they started early and had done shots. Then at-least one of them would need a place to crash. Rubbing his eyes he got up from the couch and moved to the small hallway and looked through the peep hole and is surprised when he sees the brunette on the outside, he hadn’t seen or heard from him in almost 18 months.
He took a towel and starts rub himself dry. He discard the towel in the hamper as he walks into the bedroom and pulls out a pair of jeans, a white t-shirt and clean boxers and gets dressed quickly before he head to the kitchen to start on dinner, wanting something to occupy his mind while he waited for Tony to come home.
“Still gay huh?” Howard was not pleased Tony could tell that much.
“You wanted it to be me huh?” Tony taunts and stops his motions and pulls out of him making Steve feel empty.
Steve sighs and takes a sip of his beer trying to push his thoughts away and focus on the game. It was just easier said than done.
” He sounded scattered.  “
Tony stops with the flogger and trace his fingers over the stinging back and he just hums at the gentle treatment and just enjoy it before it ends. Tony must have seen how mush Steve enjoyed the touching because he seemed to stay there longer then he had planned or he wasn’t sure he had no concept of time right now and just enjoyed everything Tony was doing to him. His calloused fingers changed to a smaller paddle they had and dragged over his back down to the curve of his butt and it didn’t take long before Tony gave him a good smack on the right cheek followed quickly by one on the left side. It hurt more than the riding crop and flogger together making the skin burn.
“Why not?! You have never explained fully to me why you don’t want kids!” He demands because in his mind it made no sense why he didn’t want kids of their own. Tony loved to spend time with kids, whenever their friends needed babysitters Tony always said yes no matter if he had other things to attend like board meetings for his business or lectures at different colleges.
“Yes, what if I thought I could have something better and I will suck completely at it?” Steve wonders. These thoughts running through his head every damn day making him question everything he did and said. “I feel like I am not good enough, that somebody else deserves and needs this job more than I do.” Steve admits feeling like a failure.
“No you are staying at a friends house tonight and Steve will go back to work because I had it with you always arguing and never getting along and tonight I just want some peace and quiet.” Tony orders and begins to walk out to the parking lot where Happy had parked the car earlier.
“I remember that as well… It was the night I met the love of my life.” Tony replies. “And he would never doubt himself when teaching. Because he knows that it is his calling.” Tony promises him.
But as Adam was growing up and was showing more interest in girls and his body was changing and Tony thought it was time to have the talk and show him that they were there for him if he had any questions. But he was worried how Steve would react or if he would continue to bury that deep down.
Steve thinks for a moment. “It was a lot.. but in a good way.. you know…” He gets out not wanting to leave the crook of Tony’s neck. He was so warm and so safe.
“Thank you sir!” He gets out trying to sound as steady as possible but in reality he knew he was shaking and a whimpering mess.
“Its okay, I am here, I got you, I love you” He repeated until Steve calmed down but till clung to him like life depended on it. “You are safe.”
“It’s not polite to eavesdrop…” He tries but fails earning him a smile from Steve. Its silence between again and all that is heard is Tony’s heavy breathing. Nothing seemed like the right thing to say in a moment like this.
“It’s not like he will know the difference…” Steve mutters instantly regretting it.
Delete.
“Good. Let’s begin then.” Tony took a step back and Steve felt cold in an instant and he missed Tony’s presence. Again he heard Tony moving behind him and moved something on the bed and he assumed it was the blanket that he had used to hide the things he was planning on using on him tonight. “We are going to test your self-control and discipline today.” Tony informs him and before he knows it he feels Tony slick finger pressing into him, he groans slightly at the intrusion but welcomes it as well. “You are not allowed to come until I say so and you are on your own. No cock rings to help you today and trust me sweetheart I plan on taking my sweet time with you.” The next finger comes in making Steve squirm wanting escape the touch. “Can you do that for me sweetheart?” He pushes the fingers in and out slowly hitting Steve’s prostate every time knowing very well exactly where he was touching.
“I know you don’t but soon you will find out.” He flashes him a smile before leaning back in his chair. “JARVIS deny Steve access from the lab.” Steve was confused what had he done now? Had he destroyed his system or something?
“No closet,” Steve promise him.
Steve just sighs wanting to believe him but he knows it’s not true. Tony knows what he is offering when he is in a relationship. Tony had admitted once when he was drunk (When else?), that he wanted what Steve gave when he was in a relationship. Being loved and cared for and being encouraged and supported in whatever he choose to do. But the day after he claimed to have no recollection of the night before and it was never spoken of again and that had hurt more than anything else in this world. For the first time he had hoped that maybe that they could have a future but then Tony took the easy way out and that should probably been a sign.
“Don’t encourage him Nat!” Steve jokes as he sips on his gin and Tonic. If given the chance Tony would do it without a second thought.
“I knew your partner.” She begins. “How about we grab a coffee and sit down and talk where there isn’t so many people?” She suggests and Tony knows he shouldn’t but something about her is so compelling and he wants to find out what she has to say to him. He nods and they leave the small store and move down the street to a smaller coffee shop and sit down in a corner away from the rest of the people. The young waiter take their order and as they wait tony decide to speak first.
“Yeah… Kinda. Mom and I are planning dad’s retirement party and I am waiting for the caterers to call back.” Tony replies a bit too fast and Steve was certain it was a lie. It was 9 pm a Thursday night after all. Steve decides to nod and just agree with him not wanting Tony to hate him because he pushed too much.
David’s entire body tensed up and everything in Tony screamed that this was a mistake and that the earth should open up and swallow him whole because that would be a better option then what was coming. He had offended David and that was never good.
Steve’s arms wrap around the small child and hug him tightly to his body. “The pleasure is all mine, Adam. I love you.” He pressed a kiss to Adams temple. Then he picked him up and took him to bed.
“Y-yyes.. I-I oh--- can.. d-do ooh that…” He moans out. This was going to be hard but he would do everything in his power to follow orders. Tony chuckles and pulls his fingers out of Steve and he doesn’t know how he feels about it, happy so that he could follow orders or sad because of the lost touch. He feels a hand on his hip pushing him slightly forward or as much as possible in this position, before he feels something being pushed into him again.
To sum it up David was a douchebag and they all hoped that it would soon disappear and not move in with Tony.
All mistakes are my own.
Suddenly an arms goes out and hit Steve square in the jaw. The jealousy and anger had taken over David and he actually hit Steve. Before pushing him to the ground. “You leave Tony alone your fucking asshole!” Then kicked Steve in the stomach.
But that was twelve years ago he had made that decision and he realized that his children were growing up and could almost take care of themselves and didn’t depend on him for everything. When they left the house in the morning and he kissed his husband good bye he was left alone until the afternoon when they arrived home again and that was if he was lucky usually they were home around six every night with school activities, friends and other things important for teenagers. His husband wasn’t much better with running an international corporation Steve was happy the days he could work from home and he had someone to eat lunch with and talk to for that matter.
Second chapter! *Hide under bed again* Super nervous but I hope you like it and comment and kudos make me happy!
They had noticed that David only talked about himself and how great he was at everything he set his mind to and the other thing he loved to talk about was how bad everyone else was compared to him. They had yet to hear about a person in David’s life that wasn’t an idiot, incompetent, crazy or mentally sick in some capacity. And the person who was the biggest target of this treatment was Tony. David would make fun of Tony’s thoughts and opinions and it wasn’t unusual for David to mention what they did in the bedroom and then laugh because Tony apparently preferred being bottom.
“He is trying to take you away from me!” David replies. People start to circle around them. Steve laying helpless on the ground groaning in pain as David continued to kick him.
“That’s controlling behavior.” Steve supplies for him.
“Yours…” He agrees and returns the kiss with the same intensity.
“Maybe we should wait with moving in together if you act like this jealous asshole whenever I am not by your side!” Tony shouts at David.
“No its okay… But you have nothing to worry about with Steve.”
The first few hours were fine. David never left his side but he was playing nice with everyone and made small talk with people and was all around a loving partner. Kissing Tony when appropriate and showing him love and affection and people outside his family thought they looked so cute together and thought they were meant to be. But even his parents seemed more supportive of this. It made David mood better and the grip on Tony’s hand soften.
https://bestwishesandquotes.com/in-memory-quotes/
“Yeah I don’t feel so good...” Tony admits before collapsing before Steve’s eyes.
“No sir. I won’t!” He gets out in a quiet voice. He was exhausted and just wanted this to be over with. The leather hits him again. Just one to go. One more and he would be done with this punishment!
Natascha and Bucky said a few weeks before their wedding that Tony was welcome to attend but David wasn’t. They didn’t want the drama he would surely bring. Tony had tried to convince them to let him come but they had stood their ground, David was not welcome to their wedding and if Tony didn’t want to show up because of it well then that was his choice.  David had become furious and said he had awful friends and shouldn’t spend time with them if they didn’t support their relationship because he loved Tony above all else so Tony should feel the same way about their relationship. He deleted all the contact information he had to them while David was watching.
"I think you've got us confused with your own family. We don't hurt unless we have to, not even our enemies. But I was hoping you were no longer one."
"Am I dreaming or is this really happening?! Please tell me I'm not dreaming!"
Peter turned back to the boot thruster of his dad's suit he'd been working on, missing the compassionate look Steve threw his way. Already mentally beating himself up for bothering the man and for allowing his loneliness to get to him again, he nearly jumped out of his seat when Steve sat down with him.
"Yes Natasha, similar but not quite the same either. Unless I know what exactly happened, there is little I can deduce from the data I have. There are superhuman traces, as proven by his strength and speed, but there is something else that I can't identify unless I have more information."
There were days that were easier than others. But they were few and far in between and losing someone that close to you made easy tasks like getting out of bed in the morning near impossible. So he rarely did. Just burying him in the covers that still smelled like him and whishing it all was just a horrible nightmare. That Tony was going to be down in his workshop the next time he went down there.
He had planned on going in to Steve. He really had. He had stood by his door for almost an hour but he had no idea how to lie to Steve about his injuries. Steve wouldn’t believe him even if he was the greatest liar in the world, which he wasn’t. He thought about telling Steve the truth but quickly ignored that thought, Steve wouldn’t believe him and think he was an idiot for allowing it to happen.
“Well I know you are a busy man, so put it in your planner! You know dad loves drinking with you!” Tony explains before letting out a soft laughter. God he loved that laughter and could listen to it all day every day. His smile softens and he let his eyes wander over his face he knew by heart now and had been his focus in many of his drawings.
“We have been dating for six months and he is at my place all the time anyway so it makes sense.” Tony shrugs as he looks at his phone for the tenth time in almost 30 minutes, yes Steve was keeping track. “And he has closer to work from my place anyway.” Tony ads as he takes a sip of his beer.
“I love you, you know that right?” Tony questions and Steve nods. He knew very well that Tony loved him and he had never questioned it, he might not say it a lot but he showed it in his actions. “The reason I don’t want kids is because I am terrified that I will turn into my father, a man who despise his family and only prioritizes work and booze. Also that you will despise me for becoming that person I don’t want to be… ” Steve continues with the gentle movements against his scalp and moves to his the nape of his neck. “I know that you liked my dad but I hated the man and him dying in the car crash was a happy day for me.” Tony admits. Steve nods softly.
“I know but I rather be dead then him hurting you.” He was crying now.
He wanted to say none but he knew the rules if he disobeyed he got punished. The vibrations ease up inside him making it easier to think. Tony smacked him again, he was taking too long and he opens his mouth to speak. “Fif…” He begins and things for a moment and opens his mouth again to give him his answer. “Fifteen sir.” He regrets it instantly and knows it was too little.
“Its no bother… I finally got one of the machines you said I should get.” Tony looks at him and when their eye’s meet he quickly looks down but Steve could have sworn that there was a hint of a smile at his lips. “It’s better than the instant coffee I used to drink.” Tony had always hated that he drank instant coffee claiming it was the left over from the real coffee, he had probably a point but he usually drank it before his workouts only, until the Keurig had entered his life and he was officially a coffee addict
Much love S
But he knew that Tony wouldn’t be there. He knew he was gone and Tony would be so ashamed if he saw Steve now. But Steve just couldn’t bring himself to care. His husband was gone and Steve had a long way to go before he could join Tony. Never had he hated the super serum more.
“I think you should talk to someone, truly talk to someone not just mention it to me. I think it affects you more then you admit.” Tony tries to explain to Steve.
“Sounds great Tones. I would like to meet him.” That would soon change though. They see that Pepper is on her way to fall over and fall asleep on the table in front of her and they just look at each other and laugh before starting to carry their friend out of the bar. As they stand on the side walk and wait for a cab to come by they hear yelling in the distance. Its New York so people yelling at each other was nothing new or strange so they just ignore it and continue talking as the yelling comes closer. Suddenly Tony is turned around and has a hand tightly around his wrist and he is certain that it will leave a bruise but that was the last thing on his mind right now as he was prepared to fight of a stranger who was probably trying to rob him but realizes that its not a robber trying to steal from him but his boyfriend who looks furious and ready to kill.
“You did not have to do that…” Steve begins but is interrupted by Tony’s lips on his and close his eyes and just enjoy his touch.
“He have a kid you know...” Tony begins. “He never spent any time with him but his ex found me and showed me a picture. I didn’t want to believe her because…” He trails of and stays quiet. It looked like he was trying to explain it to himself in his head. “I honestly don’t know why I wouldn’t believe it. He never said anything about it and he always said his exes where crazy and that they lied and cheated on him constantly.”
“I love you to.”
“I am ready sir!” It was all Tony needed the leather hit him at once. The burning was almost unbearable, he wants to get away but he can’t his entire backside was at Tony’s mercy. The leather hits again but this time on the other side. Only 28 to go he thinks distantly trying to encourage himself.. He cries out when Tony smacks him twice in a row on the same place. His butt must be a new shade of red he thinks. Tony’s rough hand touches where he have hit Steve with the leather and lets the heat sink in for a moment.
“Red sir.” Steve responds in that humming tone.
“I am about to take over Stark Industries so my dear dad can retire and spend his golden years with my mom so you want to discuss life altering decisions Buckster?” Tony’s smile was wide and everyone knew that he looked forward to this change in his life so again they all shake their heads as the waiter comes in with the bottle of champagne and six glasses. They waved for Bruce and Pepper to tear themselves away from the dance floor and celebrate with them. Tony pops the champagne open and starts pouring as his friends take a glass each. Tony puts the bottle down and clears his throat. “To Nat and the Buckster for finally becoming the old married couple of the group! Cheers.” They all laughs before drinking the champagne.
Tony sighs he likes to calculate everything sure, but something’s you can’t base on math he had learned that when it came to Steve when he saw no real reason to why he would love Tony so much he just did and they worked together well even though they were polar opposite at times. But somehow they made it work anyway, he was not so headstrong on being right all the time, Steve stopped with his annoying habit of not using the hamper and they both started to admit when they did wrong.
“Hey Tony. I heard you wont be coming to Nat and Bucky’s wedding. It wont be same without you. I hope you change your mind.”
“Babe can I talk to you?” He decided to work from home today and thought they could talk about it without the kids around.
“See something you like?” Steve asks trying to sound supportive of his friend’s decisions in life but when it came to things like this he had a hard time being supportive and wanted to kiss the brunette senseless and tell him how he felt about him.
“Request denied sir.” The A.I answered and Steve looked at Tony confused. “We changed the code so I can never lock you out again. Now it’s in his code to not only obey my orders but yours to.” Tony shrugs softly.
It was quiet for a while and Tony rubs Steve’s back waiting for him to be calm enough to let go of him. “If I where to talk to someone… would you come with me?” Steve almost whisper.
“Never sweetie. We will only love and support you. And we would never be mad at you for things you can’t control.” Adam is quiet again trying to process everything that had been said to him and Steve swore to himself that he would remind Adam of this every day until Adam believed him.
“Yeah by getting into trouble yourself.” Tony ads softly and smiles to Steve with to much affection to David’s liking. “But we should get something to drink. We’ll see you later.” Tony ads quickly trying to pull David away from Steve. He could see the anger radiating from David and he did not want a scene and he didn’t want Steve to be hurt.
“No.” He says. “If you go back there Tony he will kill you. You said so yourself.” Steve rose as well and it seemed like Tony didn’t even listen to him instead he was focused on Steve’s hand that was still clasped around his wrist and Steve realizes that he gripped to hard and to sudden. “I’m sorry.” He says instantly. “But I can’t risk losing you Tony, not again!” Steve admits his eyes never leaving Tony.
It came and it came hard. He didn’t actually know if it was any harder than the hits before this or if his butt was burning now and made everything hurt way more than it really did. Then the next one landed making his tears fall more freely and him screaming out in pain. But he was halfway done. Only fourteen more and they were done. He could do that. He would make Tony so proud; he just wanted to be a good boy for Tony. His mind seems to float and everything is fuzzy and blurry. Oh… he was deep in subspace and down here the leather didn’t seem to hurt as mush he thinks as the leather hit him again. He changed his mind the leather hurt down here to, gritting his teeth as two more blows landed on him. But he was almost done only eleven left. And then he had taken the punishment like a good boy.
Steve worries about his best friend, David is deleting voicemails and texts and Tony... he is just trying to survive.
“I promise.” Tony says smiling and press his mouth to David’s who responded in the same softness as his words.
” She says again.
“I know that I am an idiot and stupid for not being able to come on home time!” Tears sprung from his eyes and he angrily wiped them away only to have new one force their way down his cheeks.
“Steve…”
It didn’t.
“I think we should.” Tony begins again. Steve remains quiet. “Have you talked to someone about it?” Tony asks.
“Babe?” David was home earlier then planned. Quickly Tony put his phone inside a box that was meant for decoration but he had figured out how to open and close it without it showing. David thought he had Tony’s real phone but that was his work phone he rarely used.
“Thank you doctor.”
“Then you shouldn’t have wasted your time. I have nothing to say to you.” He was staring into the brown eye’s he had inherited from his dad and was glad it was the only thing he had gotten from the man in front of him. He felt someone hug his leg looking down he saw the blonde hair belonging to his daughter; he lifts her up and let her rest on his hip.
“Yeah it is…” He types away at the phone not answering him fully before looking up again. “Is it okay if he comes here? He would like to meet you.” Tony questions and what is he supposed to say to that? If he say yes he have to see them act all lovey dovey and if he says no he knows Tony will be upset and think he isn’t even trying to get to know David, which he isn’t and he wanted to be selfish and be with Tony alone.
Tony nods. “Yeah I know. I haven’t had time to book an appointment but I will do that.” Tony assures him and smiles gently trying to make David stay calm and in control, he needed to look fine on his dad’s party. Otherwise all hell would break loose. “But I was thinking about dad’s retirement party, I know you don’t want to go but I have to be there.”
"Look at me." Pops told him as he crouched down in front of him. "I know this is scary, but I'm with you, you know that." He gently petted him on the head. "But if you really don't feel ready for this yet, we can stop right now."
"Alright. Let's get started then."
Warning(s): none.
"Tony!" Tony had pulled out of Steve's grip angrily pacing and refusing to look at Peter or anyone else. Steve didn't know hwo to help him because he was falling apart himself. He only knew Peter for a few years when he first met Tony, so he had less history with him, but that didn't lessen his love for the kid. Peter was their son and he was dead.
Bruce put a comforting hand on his shoulder, prompting Peter to look at him. "I know, Peter. You do good work and most of the time you do it easily and without injury. But it's day like these where we all wonder if we did right by letting you continue. You are still just a teenager."
Day 16, Prompt #16: "Listen. No, really listen."
Rating: General
At this information Tony straightened in his seat. "Parker? My intern knows Spider-Man?"
"I wanna try." He bravely told his pops, though he still remain hunched over in his unease at the idea.
"Not as such, no. It's a strange specimen as far as I can tell. I could sense a little of it as it followed you, but not enough. It seems capable of some telepathic contact, though it was directed at you."
"You can't involve anyone else, Peter. You'll only put them in harm's way."
Before anyone could respond, Tony's phone rang. Not in the mood for it now, he had every intention of ignoring the call, but the unknown number gave him pause. Call it parental instinct, but he answered the call instead.
"No, Peter. I'm talking now." Steve stared both of them down until they sat down and listened. "Both of you are wrong and both of you are right. Peter you are a minor and our son. You can't stop us form being protective of you or worry about you and Tony, you can't abuse your power as a engineer and parent nor can you go behind Peter's back. We're a family, can we please work this out as one?"
Qatara huffed her annoyance at their silence but remained otherwise silent, allowing Steve to handle this. She did nudge Basil non-to-gently before abruptly licking across his nose and getting the expected and intended reaction. A screech and a short tussle later and Basil was in a gentle dead-lock by Qatara, forced to endure her gently nosing him in an attempt to comfort him.
"Peter!" His dad landed next to him and shakingly grabbed hold of him. "Stop scaring me!"
"Let's get you two in bed. I think you're coming down with something."
Tony struggled to hold a tight reign on his emotions as his husband fell apart before his eyes. Luckily he was distracted by movement in the corner of his eye. Raakel was slowly stalking into the room, as if she were afraid to enter. Upon seeing her, a rage overcame Tony and he turned around and grabbed Banner by the front of his shirt and slammed him into the wall.
I'm borrowing Ned gain, really I should start calling this Peter & Ned grand adventures XD Anyway, still basing my spider-man on TASM despite the usage of Ned.
Daijee sat on her lap, his entire form screaming sorrow as his wings hung beside his little body. With shaking hands aunt May hugged her daemon close to her chest while Bruce and Raakel stayed beside them.
Thor approached Peter with a confident stride, reaching to grab hold of Peter, to restrain him. Peter didn’t even notice him, having turned around as if looking for something. As if he had eyes in his back, he spun around, grabbed Thor’s hand and flung him effortlessly over his back in a pro-wrestling move. He stumbled back as if confused, steadying himself on the wall as Thor, somewhat startled, scrambled back on his feet.
Not prepared for it in the slightest, he didn't quite manage not to jump up from his seat.
Rather than rebuke him, Peter opted to headbutt the lunatic. It hurt,
"Then why did you hire him?"
"Just come meet him first."
Wanring(s): none
"Steve?!" Tony didn't know what to ask precisely. All he knew in that moment was utter fear for his son.
"Is that right?" Gwen smiled as she took a sip of her coffee, the awkward silence momentarily broken by a relieved one on Peters' end. Trying to quench his own nerves further, he took a sip of his own coffee only to nearly spit it out at Gwen's next question. "So why did you sneak into Oscorp?"
Barely daring, he opened his eyes to find himself standing in a perfect crouch on the bottom highway, right next to the destroyed car and the suit who was not moving.
"Hmm, that must have been a really long time ago since you've been gone for months. But you never mentioned this incident to me and you always tell me about your patrols."
Always put Peter first, even before each other and Tony would never break a promise to his family.
He thought desperately.
"No, you couldn't have done more. You couldn't have done better." Steve puleld him into a hug then and felt Peter relax in his embrace, finally letting go of the festering guilt and hurt as sobs broke free from his throat. "I'm proud of you, son. You did all you could and you are so, so very brave."
Peter was screaming his throat raw, throwing his limbs around wildly with no concern for who he might hit or how badly he might hurt himself in the process. If they didn't stop him soon, he'd end up bashing his head on something. Steve was always careful not to use too much strength at home, especially with Peter but now was not the time to be gentle.
"Not until you tell me what you want with my nephew."
Rating: General.
Basil leaned towards Kalyca, carefully sniffling at her, not wanting to intrude on her space. Not only were he and Tony strangers to them, familiar strangers maybe, but Kalyca and Peter had also suffered a terrible loss recently. Gentle was the way to go.
"Why have you brought me here, sir?" Peter couldn't help but question as he took a seat.
"I know you worry, I worry, but this is not the way to go about this. We established rules and this wasn't one of them."
"Whoa! Hey now, settle down! What did I do?!"
Bruce stepped forward, his curiosity making him less prone to brush aside his theory. "Do you mean to say, the multiverse is real?"
In answer Tony walked towards a door that Happy only now noticed and opened it with an almost dramatic flair. Happy slowly walked forwards until he could look into the room and what he saw was like nothing he had ever expected. A young boy, no more than 7 or 8 years maybe, sat on the floor of what appeared to be a child's bedroom.
"Does that mean you decline, Mr Stark? I need your confirmation in that case."
"You were the Avengers. You had a catastrophic threat to stop across the world. You know I don't hold it against you, any of you." Peter added as he looked at his entire family.
Peter's spider-sense was not fast enough to alert him to the rest of the iron man suit arriving and promptly throwing him through the window. He'd barely managed to web to the nearest building to slow his descend enough to tuck and roll and not break everything upon hitting the ground.
"Yes, I'm aware. Your point?" Peter answered crisply, already getting ready to potentially fight his supersoldier uncle on this.
Warning(s): none.
"Sorry, I'm a bit busy." He temporarily muted the device, the static effect to every word spoken to him giving him a headache and actually affecting his spider sense. He needed to find a safe place as far away from the bug, before he could try to get a new solution.
"You know what's wrong? What has happened?"
"Now you're relaly stretching it, Ned. Listen, I was not kidnapped, nor killed, nor brainwashed. Trust me, I've got an entire superhero family and two very protective dads. If something had happened to me, I wouldn't be allowed out of the tower for forever!"
Peter shook his head. "Nope. Not really, except for the tired bit but I guess the stuff isn't all out of my system?"
Peter disappeared from his line of sight, though he could guess where he'd gone from the sudden brush of air flowing into the room. The sciccors had fallen on the ground in front of him, his own blood still covering it. It was those sciccors he stared at until he lost consciousness, even as Steve called for him in a panic that Tony could not even hear anymore.
"Okay. Uhm okay. Lets go...this way."
"Peter....," Steve trailed off, not knowing what to say right away. His heart broke watching his son struggle like this.
"No, Peter. Stay out of this." Kalyca ducked her head as Sioka waggled up beside her, flapping his wings in his distress for the situation. Uncle Ben must be very worried if Sioka was acting so agitated.
"Sorry Gwen, I have to go. I'm really sorry."
"Good. Thank him for me, will you. Now please leave me alone." Tony collapsed on the sofa believing it to be said and done, but the damn archer refused to leave. Instead he sat down across from him. "Leave me alone, Barton!"
Steve smiled at him reassuringly. "It's alright. Thank you for telling me. I'm very happy that you aren't against my becoming your parent. Perhaps, I can offer a "label"as you put it." Peter looked hopefully at his future father, wanting the closeness they used to share to be back already. "I'm from a different time and back in my days we named things very different. Perhaps, if you like, you could call me Pops?"
This prompt almost didn't make it today, but at the last stretch I managed to get a few short ideas and I went with the angsty one, of course XD
"He went to check on uncle Ben a little while ago. I haven't seen him since."
"Peter?"
"Peter's under attack!" Happy's alarmed exclamation was drowned by Ned spewing out even more information against his intentions. "Something came through the window and grabbed him!"
"And why should he reveal himself to us? Usually when someone hides their face it's for a good reason."
"If it bothers you this much, it is not silly. Please tell me."
Gwen watched him leave, a smile on her face. "He's cute, isn't he Dev?"
, there was no way in hell Peter was just going to wait.
"That I can agree with. Come on, let's go see Bruce and get some answers."
Peter strained to hear more,
Peter was tossing and turning and kicking and screaming on the bed as Steve did his every best to hold the teenager down while Kalyca was writhing on the floor in the middle of the room screeching her death rattle with Qatara pacing circles around her at a loss for how to help.
he was looking
He's a skinny teenager and you're a supersoldier. I know you don't want to hurt him, but he's going to hurt himself if you don't give a little more."
Alarmed, Happy pulled Tony aside before rounding on him in all seriousness. "Did you kidnap a child?!" Tony seemed to be taken aback, but Happy ploughed on. "I have dealt with a lot of your crazy stunts, but surely this is beyond anything you have ever done!"
"He's not missing, yet. I think." Tony began awkwardly. "I just haven't located him yet. Friday, can you ping Peter's phone?"
"Mr. Stark? Are you alright?"
Red flashing lights interrupted anything else Peter could say or do, along with Friday's message throughout the tower. "Alert! Guardians spotted in the city!"
"Killing someone isn't always the best way to instill fear. Besides, if you kill too often people get used to it and harden against it." Neither man seemed to notice the shocked expression on their son, even when his pops turned to him. "You did
Happy stared at his friend unable to find words for the longest time. The first thing he managed to say was completely irrelevant but his brain must have shorted out. "So is Pepper his mother?"
"How?"
Today however, it was Happy who was going to the mystery floor. For the first time ever. He would admit only to himself, that he was a little bit nervous. He steeled himself when the elevator pinged and the door slid open.
"Emergency in medical, send security."
"Right."
and hell would freeze over before he would surrender when he could still fight.
The doctors and nurses swarmed the medical bed upon wich lay Tony Stark. Steve held on to Peter, needing to restrain his son from rushing into the fold and to remind himself why he wasn't rushing to his husband's side himself.
They stumbled through the dark for what felt like hours, Scott never letting go of Peter's arm. They both joked about it but Peter's dads truly were terrifying if something happened to him. He was content to let his uncle keep a firm hold if it saved him from the wrath of the two other avengers. Beside, Peter felt rather uneasy in the dark, the narrow tunnel, the idea of being surrounded by ground on all sides....he'd rather not get separated.
Tony sighed dramatically before indulging them, this time. "He asked."
So any and all opinions requested. Which Harry do you think I should base my Harry on? On a side note, this will not change the daemon I have planned for him, just who I'll keep in my head whenever I need to write him.
"I think I can explain that." Bruce said as he looked at everyone in the room. "It's the reason I didn't allow anyone in to see Peter. I needed to talk to him first, because of Kalyca."
(See the end of the chapter for
The reason Friday did not detect anything wrong with him, is because Peter either hacked her to not report on him or she likes him enough to not report on him. Whichever you like better.
"Peter Parker's phone is currently in his room."
Indeed the hole they supposedly fallen down was completely invisible, as if something had covered it. It explained the lack of light down here.
Tony stormed into the room half expecting it to be devoid of another person, but to his surprise he found Peter right where he was told to wait for him. Tony wished he could appreciate that, but all his traitorous mind could fixate on was that Peter had not obeyed him earlier, when it had actually mattered. "Now? Now you listen to me?!" He hated how Peter cringed under his anger. Hated that he was yelling at his son. Hated that he felt angry at the person who meant the world to him.
Steve refused to let his son dig an even deeper hole and turned Peter around to face him, making sure to look him in the eyes. "You can't give more than yourself. What happened wasn't your fault. You can't save everyone, Peter. That's something you have to learn, though I wish you could have learned it a bit later in life."
This prompt gave me hell, but I finally thought of something that could work and it was painful to write because I don't want my boys to be at odds.
No pressure, right?
"Giving me custody of a child? Of Richard's child? He must have gone mad. I'm not parent material."
"Shall I retrieve your son, Man of Iron?"
"Dr. Strange?! I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to run into you." Peter looked sheepishly at him. Strange was staring at him, an almost confused or curious expression overtaking him. "Uhm, something wrong?" Peter cautiously asked.
But despite all that, to suddenly have him become more than just uncle Steve like all the other avengers had easily becomes his aunts and uncles, it was strange to say the least. Not unwelcome, especially seeing how happy his dad was with Steve. It was just a bit of a struggle fitting the pieces together now that the puzzle had changed.
"Sir? Do you understand what I'm asking?"
Hope that helped build the AU world a little build XD
“You are cheating!” Bucky burst suddenly and Steve laughs at the outburst disturbing the duos conversation.
“I am not the one who forced you to be a stay at home dad!” Tony mutters as he turns around and walks out the door slamming it as he is out.
“Yes but you knew I was going to drink! That’s why you go to a bar with your friends David!” He starts to pull at his wrist trying to get out of the grip once again but gets nowhere and just stare at David wondering what the hell had gotten into him!
” The next part he would not have been able to hear if he was a normal person but he was far from normal. “
It was late when Tony got through the door. He was surprised when he heard soft music coming from the kitchen and living room as well as a soft glow illuminating the hallway. He dumps the keys in the bowl they had by the door. Slowly he moves towards the sound and sees Steve standing by the kitchen counter, the dishes were gone and the mess that had been on the counters where gone as well and there was candles lit on every flat surface and Steve was holding two glasses of red wine with two plates of grilled cheese on the counter. Steve peace offering.
“Sorry… But I can’t… I don’t know how to… You deserve someone less broken.” Steve gets out between cries.
No Tony Rogers may not had the easiest of lives and piece by piece he had rebuild his life and it had not been easy but when he sees his husband and daughter he just knows that every struggle he went through was worth it. And he would without a shadow of a doubt do it again.
"But Peter is."
"Why did you save that woman?"
Tony leaned forward teasingly, but Steve had enough practice circumventing his playful husband. "Alright, so how did that lead to this?"
"Probably so you couldn't track him." Bruce offered as an explanation.
She screamed as the duck daemon sagged to the ground, his wings turning to dust at an alarmingly fast rate.
Peter smiled a genuine smile, feeling suddenly a lot lighter. Before either of them were aware, a good hour had passed. "This is nice. Thanks for staying." Peter spoke up after they'd both fallen silent for a few minutes just comfortably sitting together.
"Yes, you did not hear them?"
"The bastard used my full name in his will. He knows how much I hate it."
Tony smiles and kisses Steve again. Sometimes words wasn’t necessary because he knew that they would figure this out, just like everything else that had and may come their way. As long as they loved each other everything will be okay.
Tony takes his hand and presses his lips to his wrist softly. “Just that I am so happy that you are mine.” He answers truthfully.
“Both please.” Tony just nods and gets up from the bed and goes to the closet and gets Steve the clothes he wanted and returns with the grey sweatpants and black boxer briefs in cotton.
It’s quiet between them and it seems like Tony is weighing his options and that was scary, like he believed that David would be good to him if he decided to return home on his own accord. Tony looked up at Steve finally and his eyes still radiated confusion and fear something Steve never wants to see in Tony’s eyes ever again.
“You swear?”
“And am I happy. I was happier before we began this conversation. Its not like I went to war!”  Steve was being defensive and just wanted to leave the room.
Steve sighs. “From the beginning…”
“Yes he is freaky but then again I thought that about Tony to before I got to know him! And there is still times when Tony freaks me out!” That was true. Tony’s genius freaked most people out. They had made it into a party game out of it. Who is faster the calculator or Tony? The premise was easy they said a hard equation and Tony had to do it in his head and the other one used the calculator on their phone and who ever lost had to do shots. Tony rarely had to take the shots. This had also made it easy when they had to split a bill.
“Tony I may have liked Howard but I love you and you will always come first. So if you hate him so will I!” Tony smiled softly to Steve. He was cute when he tried to hate people but it wasn’t really in his personality, but he loved the effort though. “But back to the kids thing… If you truly don’t want kids I will respect that and it will be just the two of us and that will be amazing to but I really think you don’t have anything to worry about…” Tony nods and sighs.
“He does?” Adams whole face lit up.
If Tony could go back he would look at this moment he would force his legs to co-operate and run out as fast as possible and never look back.
“He will not give up until I come back.” Tony whispers and a new wave of tears falls down his face.
And Steve had tried being supportive and not complain too much to his husband about the conditions in their home. But it was getting on his last nerve to come home every day and see the house getting dirtier and dirtier by the day and he was pretty sure if something didn’t happen soon they would a) get some sort of pest in the house and b) probably get a divorce.  And he didn’t want either.
“David Stop it! Now!” Tony shouts at his partner.
“Very mush sir!” It’s quiet between them and all Steve can feel is Tony’s hands ghosting over his inner thighs. It was a barley there touch but it was a sensitive area for him so he didn’t need much to be a whimpering mess wanting more from Tony. He groans when he feels rough lips and a wet tongue on his thigh kissing and sucking. His cock started to leek more pre come then before. “Please…” He begs quietly.
“For over two hours?” He sounded skeptical but then again he was always skeptical whenever Tony left the house without David.
“Tony we haven’t seen you in weeks! Put the phone down and do shots with us!” Pepper whines and he just smiles at his friend who was pretty drunk already and shouldn’t do any more shots if she wanted to come home safely.
“Will do Sir.” He sighs and waits for his husband to up to his getaway. It didn’t take long before Steve was in his lab and was sitting on the edge of the desk and start to play with Tony’s hair waiting for an explanation.
They had a car come and get them and David muttered something about it but Tony kissed him and promised him everything would be fine, that they would have great time tonight and they could just enjoy themselves.
It was a long time since Tony had felt this shitty and like he failed his partner.
” She sounds almost apologetic about the concern she has for her only child.
Steve got up from the couch instantly and moves over to Adam and gets down to his level. “Its okay alright? Let’s get you changed and you can sleep with me tonight. Does that sound good?” Steve questions and Adam just nods and Steve press a soft kiss on Adams' forehead. “Its okay Adam I promise you.” Steve ads when his son remains quiet. Carefully Steve takes Adam’s hand in his and they begin to walk back to his room. Adam sniffled quietly trying to hide it from Steve. “Why are you upset Adam? No need to be upset.” Steve wonders softly.
Steve had been putting everything on Tony and he knew that Tony had been trying his hardest to make this work; he had just been in his own world and had chosen to see only the negative even after everything Tony had done for him. In that moment he makes a decision and heads up the stairs to begin cleaning.
“I am now.”
One would think that Tony would stay away and never ever let David into his life again. But something shifted inside Tony when he began receiving flowers with handwritten letters begging for forgiveness and explaining why he was sorry and what he did was unforgivable but he loved Tony and wasn’t ready to let him go. Maybe should have been a warning sign for Tony but he was missing David as well and decided to invite him for a coffee, coffee turned into lunch, lunch turned into dinner, dinner turned into staying the night.
“Yeah exactly! I don’t see you making any life altering decisions!” Bucky defends himself. Natasha just sighs and rolls her eyes at the two men.
“This is nice… I like this.” Steve mutters into the pillow and groans whenever Tony hit a good spot.
“Yes I do. Because even if you don’t like to admit it you want me close the day after we have a scene and yesterday was pretty intense for you. And I want to be here for you and I want to make sure you are okay so I cleared my schedule for the day and the Avengers are on their own unless the world is literary going under.” He explains to his boyfriend.
“Are you going to lock me inside the closet?” Adam wonders. Steve was shocked and didn’t know what to say. “Cause you don’t have a shed...” He ads and Steve is still shocked and wonders what on earth made Adam think he would ever do that.
Steve understood that things would change when he began working again and the house wouldn’t look as pristine as it did when he was home all day, every day and sure the dinners might be a bit unhealthier then normal and they might behind on the laundry every now and then but he had not been prepared for
“I really should… He will be furious if I don’t come home.”
“You have nothing to be sorry for love.” Steve assures him and presses his lips to Tony’s forehead. “You fought as hard as you could I know you did and I am so proud of you and I am so glad to call you my husband and you will always be my husband!” Steve assures him. “I will not find someone else Tony and you know that…” That hurt Tony because that meant that Steve would be alone for so long and Steve didn’t deserve that and he would argue if he had the energy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Then he sees the blonde that will send David over the edge. And fuck he hated that his parents loved his best friend more then his partner.
“It's stupid,” Adam whispers.
“I am sorry…” Tony whimpers and tries to grip his side in an attempt to soothe himself. But he only he got another kick.
“They can survive on their own for a week! Or we let them spend a week at Clint and Laura’s farm they need to get out of the city more!” Tony suggests.
“Of course, there is no rush. And it doesn’t matter what your answer is.. I still love you.” He lean in and press his lips to his forehead. “I am going to let you work now.” He rises slightly from the desk but Tony takes his hand making them face each other.
“That is not what I meant Tony. I am sorry if that what you thought.” Steve apologizes. “I would
“Tony I know!” He snaps. Putting the now empty bowl on the coffee table. “Why do you always have to ruin the moment by nagging about my job!” He was getting angry and it was Tony’s fault. They had been having a perfectly nice evening together and then he just had to start nagging and complaining.
Tony don’t know how, when or who but someone called the police and ambulance and two police men had to remove David from the scene kicking and screaming. Steve was on the ground as the paramedics were evaluating his injuries. He had his dad screaming at him how he ruined this night with his idiot boyfriend, his mother crying about he deserved better, he heard David scream as they forced him into the police car and Steve groaning as they moved him to the ambulance. For a moment his eye’s lock with Steve’s and even though he should be furious with him he just looks at him with kindness and understanding before he is completely in the ambulance and on his way to the emergency room.
“Yeah but still… I want this to be good for you.” He takes the other bottle and moves so he straddles Steve’s thighs. “This okay?” Steve just nods into the pillow he was holding and Tony begins to pour the new liquid over his back and start to massage his back and shoulders, getting out knots and strained muscles.
“That is awful it is… But what does that have to do with us?” Tony wonders not leaving his place at the doorway.
“Surprise me. I trust you.” Tony smiles at this knowing that Steve truly trusts him now. Something that he had to work hard for to earn and hoped that he would never break, but going on four years and their wedding in the upcoming year told him that he was doing something right.
His phone started vibrating again and he just assumed it was Bucky so he ignored it until it vibrated again. Letting the curiosity get the better of him he checked and he was surprised and chocked to see Tony’s name on the screen.
“Yeah but David didn’t like that… He felt ignored and he thought I lied… I mean I knew he was insecure because people had cheated on him in the past…” Tony explains as if he was defending David, like what had happened between them was a normal relationship and everyone went through it. God did he want to get up and kick David’s ass and make sure he never took a breath again.
They had dressed up for their date, Tony in simple jeans, button up and a jacket thrown over while David had gone for a black suit without the tie. It was nice that for once that someone else also dressed up when going out and not just him. His friends had a tendency to just go out in jeans and t-shirt and claim that they were behind on laundry. Every single time! Tony had given up and hoped that one day his friends would start dressing up, but he pushed his friends away from his mind and let David take over his mind.
“Good. That’s the idea.” Tony moves forward and let his mouth trail up the blonde’s spine leaving a trail of open mouth kisses, letting his hands move softly over the ribcage. “So you liked what we did today?” He asks pressing soft kisses to Steve’s shoulder. “I wasn’t too hard on you?” Steve moves his head slightly so they could press a soft kiss to each other’s lips.
“Okay Tony. As long as you are happy I am happy for you.” Steve replies and smiles softly to him. “But if you need me I am always here for you alright?”
Steve belonged to Tony and nothing could change that.
“Okay sir.” Steve smiles softly to his partner and sprinkle some pepper over the plate, to mush for Tony to ever eat on his own telling Tony that Steve wanted to be feed today and kneel for him. “I made it a little spicier this time sir.” Tony nods with a smile and takes a deep breath letting the wonderful scent fill his nose. He had mentioned that he liked it but it would be even better if it had some kick to it.
“Yeah… yeah that sounds good.” He agrees reluctantly but makes no effort to move. Steve stands up slowly and waits for Tony to come with him. Steve moves away from the couch to give Tony some space and sure enough Tony is just a few steps behind him and they go to the bedroom and Steve picked out a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt for Tony to use for the night or rather morning.
“Before you it would have been too much but now I know that you will be there when we are done and you will give me whatever I want and need even if I don’t ask for it. I feel safe with you…” Tony frowns. He hated the previous partners who mistreated Steve in this vulnerable state. “So no it wasn’t too hard or too much because you will always bring me back and let me come back in my own time.” Tony rests his forehead onto Steve’s shoulder breathing out. “No need to be upset about the past…” Steve mutters.
“I would like a second chance Anthony.” Howard states and Tony search his eyes for the hook. It was always a hook with him, he never did things out of the goodness of his heart mostly because he didn’t have a heart.
Tony nods. Steve lets out a breath. Good he knows he means well and is only looking out for his best friend. “I know Steve. But I have a good feeling about him.” And Tony was smiling that goofy smile again he was certain he had when he talked about Tony with Bucky. “I am actually seeing him tonight again. He is taking me out to an Italian place.” Steve is informed.
“Did you go crying to Steve? Maybe you let him fuck you? You would like that wouldn’t you?!” David raised his voice and rose from the couch and turned around to look at Tony as he finished his drink. Tony sighs knowing that David is overreacting and the alcohol didn’t help the situation.
“How was the trip otherwise?” Tony asks softly leaning against the kitchen counter.
“Yeah but some things are just crap… David is right you know?”
“No!” Steve snaps. “I am talking about our house!”
If he only knew how right he actually was.
“So how was Washington?” Tony asks.
Tony swallows and seems to calm down a bit but still look at him with worried eyes. “I am not worth it Steve and…you… you could lose you license… and I am not worth that!” Tony gets out even if it is mixed up and stuttered.
“Hey sweetie do you want ice cream?” Tony called from the kitchen.
“Sure man! She can crash at my couch.” Rhodey chuckles as he takes a sip of his beer. “I guess we are having an early night then.” They glance at Pepper and she is still awake and she is but her eyes seem heavy and she wouldn’t be able to hold them open for much longer.
Tony didn’t believe him but he smiled and said okay because he didn’t want to argue. It was just easier to ignore certain things unless you wanted a nice bruise on your face. Or broken ribs. He handed David his whiskey glass he had requested earlier.
When Tony arrived home he found David by his door waiting for him.
“Up.” Tony orders him and lets go of the hair and Steve gets up on stiff legs and feels the blood rushing down to his legs again as he awaits the next order from Tony. It quiet between them and Steve take a moment to admire his boyfriend. Black slacks, the leather belt holding them up, the black shoes and his black shirt unbuttoned at the top showing of the tan skin there and the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, his facial hair trimmed to perfection and his hair the right amount of messy and a look he knew Steve loved on him and it just oozed power and control from him. “Hands.” The orders were short and direct. Something they figured out that they both liked. Without hesitation he holds them out and the handcuffs were around his wrists, the metal ones with the longer chain between them he noted. They hurt more he added as an afterthought exactly what he wanted for tonight.
Tony gets up again and runs his hand through the soft blonde hair petting him softly knowing it always calmed Steve down. Tony tugs slightly at the collar and runs his fingers along it feeling protective and possessive of the man at his feet. He looked so beautiful like this, so trusting and loving wanting to do everything in his power to please Tony, sometimes to a fault. Steve hums softly at the treatment indicating that he was gracing just above subspace, it was easy now to get him into that sub mentality but they had struggled in the beginning to get Steve down and not trying to control the situation it probably didn’t help that Tony was insecure about what he was doing. It was laughable now but then he was scared he would really hurt Steve.
“I bribed them to stay with friends tonight, I think Joanna is staying at a boy’s house so we might want to talk to her about that, but I was not in a position to argue.” Steve explains and Tony just nods, knowing that they could trust Joanna and if she wanted to have sex she would probably have it. At least they had the talk with her. “And I want to talk to you alone.”
“I am asking you. Because I know what I would do to you and I think you know what I would do to you but that doesn’t seem to bother you. So I ask you again what do you think is a fitting punishment for this crime?” He didn’t loosen the grip on the blonde hair causing him to whimper slightly and his cock to twitch under his jeans.
“Good.” He took the black blindfold and put it over Steve’s eyes. He goes around the table again letting the finger tease the spine sending shivers through Steve’s body. Every time he had the blindfold on it felt like every nerve in his body was on fire. “Tell me sweetheart how did you make yourself come in the shower today? Like this?” He felt a firm hand around his cock giving him a few firm strokes earning Tony a pleasurable groan. “Or was it like this?” A firm squeeze around his balls, Steve whimpers when Tony moves his hand to his perineum and moved over with soft fingers. “Maybe like this? I know you love to be touched here.” Again he stops abruptly making Steve groan longingly.
“David he is supposed to retire in six months and I am supposed to take over then. I need to go to show them that I can handle this. I am the future CEO and owner of Stark Industries and that will require me to be other places then New York.” Tony tries to explain in a soft tone. As if David was a child.
“That didn’t look like nothing.” Rhodey replies coolly. “But I won’t tell him if you don’t want me to.” He promises and Tony had never been more grateful for Rhodey as he was in this moment.
“You know he is in love with you right?” Tony’s heart speeds up, could it be true? Could Steve actually feel the same way he did? No David probably just misread the entire situation and saw their friendship for more than it was. No they were just really close friends that had stuck around each other through all the highs and the lows for 16 years and would continue to do so until one of them got sick of the other or one of them died.
Also, in my headcanon the first avenger's film happened two years before TASM and during TASM the avengers were away on a big mission and Peter had been staying with Ben and May.
He almost careened straight into his uncle Bruce in his haste to get into the lab. "Peter?! Are you alright?"
"That still leaves the obvious problem of catching him."
him?!" Steve shouted as his worry skyrocketed. His little toddler was running around the tower,
Devlin's answer was to turn away to look out the window. Gwen already knew though. He'd enjoyed her company, much like Gwen had enjoyed Peter's company. Though the daemons had barely interacted, Gwen had felt Devlin's curiosity for the otter daemon and his shared fondness with Gwen for Peter. She was defnitely asking him out again.
"And why is that?" The question was spoken carefully, but Peter could tell his pops was worried and probably expecting the worst. He wasn't known for wanting to skip anything school related after all.
Appearing disappointed, the masked man stood up and turned forlornly away from Peter. "I had hoped you would be ready to accept your true potential. But you still do not understand."
Peter went limp in Steve's arms, his eyes rolling into the back of his head and his breathing slowed down considerably. Kalyca was in a similar state, as if life had just drained from both of them.
"He made you spider-man, in a sense." His pops stated.
Prompt 5: "I might just kiss you."
"Peter," His pops hands gently held his face forcing Peter to look at him. "Where is she, son?"
"Debatable. I think I ruined dinner."
When his dads walked into the room a little while later, his pops apparently having found his dad, Peter noticed the tension immediately. He didn't even need to look at their daemons who had their heads down and clung to their respective human. Peter barely noticed his aunt May getting up on shaky legs, his own eyes caught by his dad and the air of defeat around him.
"We just want Peter Parker. Hand him over and we will be on our way."
"You sure you are feeeing alright, son?" His pops suddenly asked, feeling his forehead. "Hmm, you can take it easy today but you really need to make up for it tomorrow. Can't let the people think we're getting soft."
"How did it happen?"
"Right." His uncle's confidence, even if just an act for his sake, was still bolstering. "I guess you're not so bad to be stuck with." That got him a gentle swat to the arm causing him to laugh.
"Very well, boss."
"Alright, now hand me that paper and get you going to that fieldtrip." Tony held out his hand for the paper watching as Peter stared at it reluctantly. "Come one kiddo, stop being a worrywart. It will be fun, trust me."
Taking the attack as much needed fuel for his own anger, Tony threw his glass against the wall. "Do not give me that crap. Why can't you assholes just leave me alone!"
This prompt was a difficult one too, took me a long while to figure something out and am pleased this one turned out innocent and sweet to balance out my other more angsty one XD
"Pops?" Peter's voice sounded choked through the phone, as if he was trying hard not to tear up. "You're awake?"
3. Tony and Steve got together right after that.
Peter gave a frustrated, near-growl. "I don't have time for this! Gwen is in danger!"
"Yes, this I can work with." Peter hugged his dad before getting up to leave. "Hey now, where are you going? I wasn't kidding about your injuries."
?" Peter snapped, shifting on the chair in a futile effort to get more comfortable or at least less uncomfortable.
Peter was suspicious as the timing was almost too perfect but he was also curious. He opened the chat window and found a single hello waiting for him. Nothing more. He decided to take the bait and sent a message back.
"Hey kiddo. I'd like you to meet someone. This is my best friend, Happy."
Peter carefully stretched and moved his limbs before even attempting to get back up. With his luck he'd broken his neck or spine, although unlikely due to his newfound resilience as a mutated superhuman. Still, one could never be too careful. His dad must have rubbed off on him after all this time. Peter softly chuckled at the thought.
"Would you like me to inform Peter, boss?" Friday inquired.
"Peter! Can you hear me? Can you look at me? What is happening, son? Peter!? Peter!"
The towels were drenched in now time but as Peter turned to find more, he slipped on the water already on the floor and grabbed hold of the sink only to break it completely off the wall. Dumbstruck Peter sat on the floor, sink in his lap and water covering everything.
to hear more if the nagging feeling in his gut was anything to go by. Something was very,
"Yeah, I'm Peter. Who are you?"
Her teasing smile was contagious causing Peter to return it despite his previous mood.
"There was a plane accident. Neither he nor his wife made it."
"I'm not telling you to do nothing." His uncle threw back, never looking away from Peter. "We need to call in your parents and the everyone else who can come. By taking Gwen, they hurt you and thus all of us."
"YOU! How dare you come back here!" His dad erupted in anger, but knowing what he did now, Peter saw it for what it truly was. A facade. A mask. He was holding on to his anger like a crutch, so he wouldn't drown under the grief. Thankfully, his pops held him back, probably the only person who was allowed to right now.
"That's okay, Friday. I'll tell him in person. I need to speak to him anyway."
Russian phrases/words translation jsut requires to mouse-over them. Keep in mind I got the translation from a google translator so they might be wrong.
"Easy, Peter. It's alright, Kalyca is right here." Besides Bruce, Raakel slowly walked forward. No one understood at first, until Peter gasped and stumbled back in fright.
The tower was unusually dark as Peter creeped inside. Though he was still on time, he was cutting it so close he'd rather not alert his dads. Still, it was strange to see everything so dark, especially since the evening was still fairly young, for at least his dad.
"Save it, Bruce! There's nothing you can say. My son is dead!"
"You do not understand." He spoke gently. Despite knowing the consequences of doing so, Peter pulled away before spitting at his captor. It wouldn't hit its mark as he wore that damn mask, but the thought came across clearly. He wasn't at his limit,
