When he emerged from the bathroom, a towel hanging loosely on his hips, Cas was still sitting in the same place where he left him, Sam was still not back.
She looked up at Cas then, as she held her stuffed cat in her arms tightly and gave him a smile and then all of a sudden she had thrown her arms around him. The gesture was very unexpected and Cas almost lost his balance, but after a moment, he settled and returned the warm hug.
Dean woke up Christmas morning in the bunker to the smell of bacon wafting through the air. He let the aroma slowly fill up his room as it nudged him awake. It took him a minute before he thought about who could be making bacon…
They weren’t as delicate as he thought, but he could just imagine how good it would feel to have that contrast of Dean’s smooth skin and the textured edges of the panties under his skin.
When his eyes returned back to Castiel’s own, he noticed that they were no longer meeting his own, and that was entirely Dean’s fault. Well, partly. Apparently, he had involuntarily begun to bite his own lip when his eyes wandered and Cas had not missed a thing. Slowly, Cas’ gaze made its way back up towards his eyes.
Dean knew Cas was right. There really was no easy way of finding the people it had taken, but he knew that Cas’ plan had more chance of success than his own.
What he saw next… he almost couldn’t believe it. There, on the ground was Dean. Just laying there, curling in around himself, bloodied and bruised.
But then all of that changed, it happened overnight and then all signs of the brother he knew were gone. It was almost like his brother really was gone. It had been days since he’d seen his face, his door always locked when Sam tried it after Dean refused to let him into the room. Untouched plates would be left sitting outside his room for hours until Sam gave up and finally disposed of them. He didn’t know if Dean had been eating anything at all, if he had, it was only when Sam and Eileen were fast asleep and weren't around to notice.
Dean was grateful to finally head to sleep after that. The day had been strange. Cas had been hanging off his every more, even more so than he had been doing the past few days, but it was now also a bit awkward. Dean didn’t know how to act around him after last night and this morning's events. He had basically been laying on top of the angel, and Cas hadn’t done anything about it. He just let Dean latch onto him in his sleep and hold on for dear life without a single complaint.
Dean had just finished brushing his teeth and was heading to his room when he saw Cas just standing in the hallway, looking very nervous.
Within moments he was back inside their room at the motel, not bothering with using a door because he didn’t have to. On high alert, before he even arrived, Castiel’s eyes darted around the room, in search of any sign of a threat. Coming up empty, he relaxed just a little, but not completely as something was still wrong, he could still
. Dean was in pain. He turned around, beginning to run back towards the motel, the closer he got, the more he could feel it and then he remembered that he didn’t have to run. He had his wings, he had fully functioning wings again.
The chair. It all started with a chair. Dean had moved things around, moved his chair to face his bed because he didn’t want to be alone, he couldn’t be alone. Not after all that had happened.
“Yes, it took a bit of digging since they didn’t mention his name in the article, but they did mention the name of both his parents and his aunt that took him in who lived in a nearby town. We could try to find her which may lead us to him. It could be worth the trip.”
“Don’t say that man, you say it like you’re a bad person or something, but you’re not. You’ve always just cared too much…”
“Dean, Meg is a demon, and one could argue that demons are genderless. The only reason we perceive Meg as a woman is because of the people she chose to possess. She could have chosen a man and what would you have assumed then?”
He breathed in one more deep breath before placing his hand on the door handle and flicking off the light switch, letting his eyes try to adjust to the newfound darkness before opening the door with a loud creak. There was a faint bit of light making its way into the room from the open blinds, falling almost perfectly on Cas’ face. Dean could see that he was sitting in the chair now, but his gaze was glued to the door, watching as Dean emerged from the bathroom.
That’s how Sam was when Eileen walked into the room, just smiling down at his phone, unaware of what was happening around him. Once she came into view, Sam sat up a bit straighter, his smile only brightening at the sight of her. God, he was so thankful they were able to get her back. Losing her… he really wasn’t sure how long he would’ve lasted like that. He knew that she would have kicked his ass if he sat around moping forever, but honestly, he couldn’t imagine how to even begin to move past that. But that was something he tried not to think about. His only focus was on finding a way to get her back, to get everyone back, everyone they ever loved. Their family.
He closed the door behind himself rather quickly, leaning against the door trying to pretend that nothing had happened and that it was all just a horrible dream. After a few deep breathes, he opened his eyes, which he hadn’t realized were even shut, and dropped his things on the ground. It was then that something caught Dean’s eye. He blinked twice, thinking he was just imagining it at first, but no, he wasn’t.
He kept walking aimlessly through the trees, not caring about the branches that caught on his jeans. He kept stumbling around, searching for that stupid hunter that made him worry so much until he feeling sharp in his chest. Pain.
At some point Dean must have dozed off and when he woke up, he felt a warmth on his right side. He slowly opened his eyes, confused as to where he was, and looked around the room. He remembered they had been watching movies in the den, but Sam and Jack were nowhere to be found.
Sighing, he decided maybe it wouldn’t hurt and if Cas didn’t want to talk about it, he could just say so, right? At least it would break this damn silence between them. Honestly, he would've given anything to break it. It was driving him nuts and they still had a little over seven hours left in the drive. There was no way in hell he could survive that long in here with no talking. Also, if the silence didn’t end here, when would it? Would it just continue once they’d found a motel and for the rest of the night as they did a bit more research about the case? Would it continue till the next morning? God, he didn’t want that, he just needed Cas to talk to him, to
Oh god. Did that mean- fuck. He was wearing a pair of them today and if he remembered right, he was wearing a pair - one of his favourite pairs, the red pair to be exact - that day in the library.
Jack tried to reassure Cas, but he ended up just going into a very long, detailed story about all that had happened. Which did, thankfully, clear many things up.
“Okay, you’re right, maybe Dean hasn’t been very forthcoming about how things were, but I’m not stupid. I notice things.
Looking at the photo now, he still didn’t love the hat, but it wasn’t as bad as he remembered. He still wasn’t really sure why, out of all the photos Dean must’ve had, that this was the one he chose to put as the background. He wasn’t even sure why the photo was of himself. Part of him wanted to ask Dean about it but part of him also didn’t. He wasn’t sure if Dean would even want him to know it was here.
They offered out what little food and water they had amongst the group, and when Cas was done, he paused, looking back at one of the families beginning to stand up so they could head out. Cas walked over to them, more specifically to the small girl that was giving her parents a hard time about being too tired to go anywhere.
Castiel had a hard time processing all this information. He felt guilt, sadness, anger, and confusion, but he also felt proud. He was so proud of them all and so happy that they managed to free the world from the clutches of Chuck. He was so happy that they were free, but he was still confused, if Dean was finally free, then why was he still so broken? There were moments where he would have sacrificed everything just for his freedom, just to be free from Chuck, so now that he was free, why was he still in such a great amount of pain?
Dean didn’t know what he would do if his angel was taken away again, he didn’t have time to think about it. In a matter of seconds, which frankly took too damn long because it felt like hours to Dean, he was taking the steps up to the bunker’s door, two at a time.
Sam looked at him with pleading eyes, Dean could tell he was just trying to help. Dean tried to take a few breaths to calm himself down.
“Okay, I’m not saying that I need your help, but if I were to... require something, what would you need me for? You’re the new “all-powerful” God now. What could you possibly need me to do for you?”
He missed Dean, he missed seeing him happy, seeing the joy on his face when he’d belt out a song from one of his few albums in the impala.
Sam sat there in the silence of the night for a few more minutes, he didn’t want to go back inside yet. Then he heard a rustle coming from one of the bushes. Instantly he was on high alert, it could be just a deer, but then again, how often was it ‘just a deer’. He rose to his feet, trying to be as silent as he could, squinting his eyes to see if he could catch a glimpse of whatever it was in the moonlight.
“Really, Dean?” Sam asked, displaying one of his many different bitchfaces. Dean just ignored him, focusing on the food once more.
“That wasn’t part of the deal. I’m sure Amara could help you. How’s she doing by the way? Has she spoken to you yet?”
Dean was still confused by how fast everything had been moving then. He felt death coming for him, for Cas, and then Cas started talking. Started talking about experiencing a moment of true happiness. What was he even talking about? How did that have anything to do with them about to be killed by Death? How could that save them?
Mary stepped forward then, grabbing his shirt in her left hand and right hooking him. She didn’t stop with just one hit this time though. She kept going and when John tried to fight back Bobby and Castiel stepped in, holding him back and even delivering a few blows of their own.
He tried to catch Cas’ eye again, wanting him to look at him. This time it was his turn to place a hand on him, his chin this time, just a finger though. He tilted Cas’ head back up, looking into those blue eyes.
“Okay, so we gotta crack the eggs into the bowl now. Here, I’ll show you,” Dean took one egg out of the carton and tapped it lightly on the counter twice, “Here, look, you can see the crack in the egg, just don’t hit it too hard or else there’ll be egg all over the counter, okay?”
Dean looked at Sam, the two of them exchanging a confused look, before Sam spoke, trying to lighten the mood.
At the sound of a loud, raspy moan, Cas’ eyes flew open, shooting around the room for the source of the sound that he was certain did not come from himself. Not even a second later, his eyes landed on the source, he was able to see what had caused the sound and who, specifically, it had come from. He was so surprised, however, that any normal reaction of embarrassment he might’ve had was overrun completely by a burning sense of desire and disbelief. There, leaning against the doorway was Dean. And no, he was not composed in the same way that he had seen him in the kitchen.
Mary was quite disgusted that she had spent all that time in heaven with a man like John. She couldn’t wait to finally be done with him, to protect her sons from a monster like that. If this was one last thing she could do for her boys, then she’d do it gladly.
Dean already knows that Jack told Sam about the deal, Dean had mentioned something about the Empty at one point, and the look Jack had on his face told Sam that he knew something about it. Sam wouldn’t let it go until Jack had spilled everything.
That seemed to snap Cas back into reality because within a second, he started to move again, quickly shutting off the bathroom light and beginning to shuffle towards the chair he was sitting in earlier - and almost tripping and falling into it in the process.
"You alright?" he mumbled, his voice filled with worry, but when he noticed how Cas froze completely, he pulled his hand away. "Sorry man, I just- I'm worried."
“Yeah and maybe after that we’ll find a movie to watch in the den. You guys can meet us there afterwards,” Sam had said.
Cas got up from the table, walking past Dean and offering him a grateful smile on his way past and to his room. Before he was fully out of earshot, Dean called out once again.
Without waiting for a reply from the half-stunned angel, Dean was out of the room to go find Sam before packing a bag.
There it was again. It was Dean, his Dean. Why was he hearing Dean? What was going on? Why did he sound so broken?
Dean quickly took a step back and cleared his throat again, “So uh, I guess we should go start on the dishes, huh?”
Dean puts on the coat Cas brought him as he watches him fidget with his hands. He loves moments like this. Cas can get so nervous sometimes, even though they’ve been together for almost a year already. It’s quite sweet really, he never used to blush like this before, or at least Dean didn’t notice.
When they were on, Dean decided he should probably find some other clothes to wear as well. He looked around the room for the sweatpants he had been wearing earlier, noticing them sitting over the back of a chair a few feet away, on the other side of the bed. He walked over to grab them, also stopping to pick up the towel he had thrown a few seconds ago, which had apparently landed on the floor near the chair.
“I don’t like the idea of us being bait. And besides, what do we just hope that it finds us and maybe we kill it before it kills you and then what about the people it’s taken? We’ve better off protecting ourselves until it shows and then hopefully, it’ll give up once it realizes it can’t get to us and we can track it back to its hideout and deal with it there.”
“Oh, how did it go?” Cas asked, listening as he helped Dean finish up the cooking and put the bacon all on two separate plates, along with the eggs and brought them to the table.
“It’s okay. I’m not mad, I just-” He paused, removing his hand from Cas’ chin, dropping it down to the bed, only about an inch away from where one of his thighs was resting. “I just was a bit confused. Why did you just leave like that, Cas?”
He hoped that there would be no grudges against him, after all, not all of them would blame him for their deaths, but he still felt the need to try and set things right and he hoped that maybe he could help them, that he could help them get a second chance.
Cas wished Dean could be like that all the time. Just happy. Not having to feel the weight of the world on his shoulders.
In Cas and Dean walked, following Roger to the living room, watching as he then left the room. They sat there, waiting for him to return.
Dean wrapped his arms around the dog and scooped him up, carrying him into his room, and plopping him down on his bed with him. A small smile had managed to work its way onto his face at some point. He couldn’t help it, he was happy to see this dog again, once again showing up just when he needed him.
Dean led the way to his room after that, with Cas close behind, both still butt-naked as they walked, finally settling in Dean’s room and in the warm comfort of his bed.
Then, he heard Sam shout out, “Hey Dean, Jack was asking if there was any fruit left over to snack on during the movie, could you grab us some?”
Cas takes a sharp intake of air and nods, so Dean closes his eyes and slowly leans in, trying to ignore any thoughts he might have about why this is a bad idea.
Dean sat up a little, resting his back against the pillows and the headboard. Cas’ hand slipped off his arm. The spot where it once was, now feeling cold. Dean absentmindedly placed his left hand over the spot, trying to bring the warmth back, but it wasn’t the same. He dropped his hand giving up.
Dean felt a little awkward at first, when his lips first met Cas’. He was just going to make it short and sweet, but then one of Cas’ hands found its way to Dean’s waist, resting there lightly. Dean couldn’t bring himself to pull away just yet, Cas was so warm, it felt right being like this with Cas.
“I’m going to hang up now.” He hears it echo through to the other phone, and then he hangs up, putting the phone in his pocket.
It turned out that the boy’s aunt had passed away a few years ago, but she was survived by a man named David, her only living relative. He was the right age to be the one they were looking for so they decided to take a chance.
Cas slotted himself between Dean’s thighs now, his lips returning to Dean’s in a bruising kiss. It was all hot and messy with no hesitation. He was finally taking what he wanted, what he had been wanting for some time now. He was going to take Dean, he was going to make him scream his name, make him beg.
He cleaned up Dean’s messes, he collected all the empty bottles that had begun to litter the bunker. He did a round of it almost daily, just to try and keep some order. He tried to bring Dean food, in hopes that maybe if it was just there that he’d eat it.
The downside was that he just couldn’t fucking look away. He was hardly able to keep himself from gawking, open-mouthed at the angel before him so controlling his eyes was not really his main priority. Additionally, he really needed to stay at least partially focused on keeping himself covered by the blankets so as to not let Cas see what he had going on underneath, a problem, which had no plans of going away anytime soon, especially with Cas sitting there looking like that.
Cas started to make his way back over to the bed, while Dean continued to watch, he didn’t want to forget any moment of this, any part of that body. Cas stopped briefly and reached into a drawer on his way to Dean. When he found his way back to the bed, he knelt down beside the hunter, slowly tugging his sweatpants down, along with his boxers. Out popped Dean’s dick, hitting his stomach, finally releasing him from the trapped heat of his pants.
Dean wished he hadn’t, he wished that Cas had just waited, let them try to fight off Billie, at least that way he wouldn’t have to live without Cas, he wouldn’t have to live with thinking about what could have been. He knows that he’s being selfish, thinking like that, but he can’t find it in himself to care. He doesn’t know how to care anymore, he doesn’t have the energy or the strength to care about that right now. All he can think about is Cas. His head is full of what if’s and what might have been, all of the things that could have been possible, if only he knew how Cas had felt sooner, had he known that Cas
What confused him next were the tears he felt forming in his eyes, they weren’t his tears because this wasn’t his pain, but at the same time, they were. They were Dean’s tears, they were there because of Dean‘s pain, the pain that Cas was now feeling, the utter brokenness Castiel felt inside of him, the emptiness. Cas couldn’t tell where Dean’s pain ended and his own started, it was all a blur.
Dean sucked in a shaky breath as his thumb hovered over the name. The name of the one he loved, the one he needed more than anything. Just seeing his name caused him to break just a little bit more, it made him want to double over in pain, but he couldn’t, not yet. He just needed to hear his voice,
A flash of red caught Cas’s attention as he continued to walk closer to them both. Refocusing his gaze back to Dean, his waist specifically, he quickly noticed that the red
“Oh, would you stop being so foolish? I swear the only people who don’t see it are you two because neither of you thinks you’re good enough for each other.”
“Cas, that’s crazy, I was fine, I swear,” Dean tried his best to be convincing, to not show it on his face, or in his voice how totally not true that was. “You shouldn’t have worried…”
Instead, his eyes were met with the sight of Castiel standing at the bottom of the stairs, his eyes intently focused on Dean. But, not on his face, no. They were focused much lower than that.
How did he even know what all that shit was about before Cas died? Even if he did return Dean’s feelings at one point, what if all those months away had changed how he felt about Dean? How did he know that he didn’t misinterpret anything? And even if he didn’t, what if it was all just in the heat of the moment, what if it was all just because Cas thought he would never see Dean again and maybe that made it seem like more than it was or maybe Cas even misinterpreted his own feelings. He couldn’t be sure, and hell if he was gonna ask Cas to explain it to him. That was not happening. Dean couldn’t do that, not yet.
“Oh uh, yeah. Just one thing. Red or Blue?” Dean asked, holding up the two leashes, wanting Cas’ opinion.
Once the warm glow faded, Cas’ hand stayed in place for just a moment longer, his touch lingering on Dean’s skin before it was gone. Cas stood up then, offering out a hand for Dean to take which he gladly did as he was pulled up from his seat on the dirt.
Rusty was relieved at first, and he felt that Dean was too. The hunter couldn’t believe his eyes, but then, they all noticed the dark look on Castiel’s face. He did not look impressed, not at all as he walked towards Dean. Sam backed away slowly as Castiel kept moving forward, a bit worried as to what Castiel was going to do.
Before Dean could even register what Cas had said, Cas had turned around and went to go help Jack and Sam with the tree and the rest of the decorations.
Dean wasn't sure what he looked like at that moment, but if Cas' little smirk was any indication, he must’ve looked ridiculous.
He waited patiently until he saw the slow movements of the angel. Their true form, the light of it floating around in front of his eyes. It was breathtaking. This first angel, they glowed, it was so bright. He watched as the new angel familiarized themself with this form, until all at once they merged into a new form, one looking more human, like a vessel. It blinked at him, it’s brows furrowed.
"They attack every night, right? It's late already, so maybe we should wait until tomorrow so that we can prepare."
“What? No! No, I just- I wanted to see how things are going… since you’ve been back. It must be a lot to handle, I mean I know you’ve come back from the dead before, but this is… different I guess…”
“Yeah it’s uh, it’s kinda about why things are going good…” Dean took a deep breath. “Look Claire, there’s not really an easy way to say this but… Cas is back.”
“Well, you might be, but normally, humans enjoy having a proper place to sleep that isn’t five feet away from a puddle of pee and a dumpster full of rotting garbage.”
“Yeah, I guess maybe a little,” Sam paused, looking properly at the puzzled-looking angel a few meters away. “I mean I think we probably all are. After everything that happened, a lot of which I still don’t really understand, but that’s fine for now, I think we all just want to make sure that if something was wrong, that you’d talk to us. At least one of us. If you want to.”
Dean was dumbfounded. He didn’t know what to say. Cas had always seen the best in Dean, he’d always loved every part of Dean, the good and the bad. Dean didn’t know how or why out of all the people in this world, Cas fell in love with him. What made Dean so special, why did he deserve this love?
They were already almost outside Dean’s bedroom door, so Dean only had to nudge Cas a few steps backwards until they hit Dean’s room. Thankfully the door was open, so he didn’t have to waste time struggling to open it. Once they were both fully through the doorway, Dean pushed the door shut with his foot. Finally they were truly alone, with no means of interruption.
Dean knew there was one more thing though, one thing that he tried not to think about because it would only hurt him more afterwards. He didn’t know why it took him so long to think of it, but he knew it probably wasn’t a good idea. It wouldn’t make him miss Cas any less, but he didn’t care, he needed to hear his angel's voice.
This scenario, however, never had occurred, at least hadn’t occurred recently, because Dean was either too fucked up and passed out from spending the day drinking or he was fucked up from crying and trying to not let the sound escape his body-which he was not always very successful at.
Immediately, Dean was on his feet. He didn’t even know that he could move this fast anymore. All he was thinking was that Cas was there, Cas was so close, and if he didn’t hurry the angel might just disappear into thin air. He needed to hurry, needed to see his angel right damn now. Dean needed to see his angel with his own two eyes, he had to help him, find a way to help him, no matter how badly he was hurt, he was going to help him.
“Okay,” Cas replied quietly. He seemed different, his voice sounded small and vulnerable, it wasn’t something Dean was used to hearing in the angel. He felt a little bad.
Everything seemed to click in Dean’s brain, the pieces of the puzzle finally coming together. Cas knew. There was no doubt about it. Cas
Suddenly, Dean felt his body crash into Castiel’s own. Cas had abruptly stopped walking, which Dean only realized too late.
The air was thick, no one dared to speak. Through the pauses in David’s speech, the only sound that was heard was the shaky breaths escaping past his lips.
“But, Dean I wanted to-I wanted to do this for you...for all of you. It was going to be a surprise...”
John stopped laughing then, shutting right up. He clearly was not expecting that answer from the angel.
Cas walked towards him, moving into the small room, not really sure about what Dean was talking about but then when he saw it, his eyes went wide. He really wasn’t sure exactly how- okay, no, that’s not true. He was fairly certain he knew how it happened, he was just a little foggy on
“Maybe, hell could be taken off the table. The eternal suffering never becoming an option. Being God does have its perks, after all. Maybe your soul could be sent somewhere else, somewhere better, but if heaven falls... then there’s really no point, is there? So, if you don’t help me create more angels, then, either way, you will never be at rest. Do you really want that? To spend eternity in pain?”
“Dean,” Cas said quietly, scared that if he spoke too loud that he’d startle Dean and scare him away.
He knew that whatever happened, it would be hard, and that’s exactly why it needed to be done in person.
He scooped up Miracle in his arms and headed back into the bunker, taking Miracle with him as he searched for Eileen, wanting to talk to her about what to do and if they should tell Dean.
“You really think that has stopped any of us in the past?” He shot back. He had a fair point. When has the inconvenience of death ever truly been the end for a Winchester or those around them? They’d come back more than enough times to know that death wasn’t the end, that there was a possibility that something more could come of it, that it may not be forever.
Dean looked down, face flushed as he realised that Cas had heard him. That was not something he should have said, now he’d probably made Cas uncomfortable. He heard the shuffling of some feet then, and as he looked up Cas was standing right in front of him, eyes glued to Dean’s face. He then placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder and pulled him close, until his lips were brushing against Dean’s ear.
Cas’ voice shook, it sounded raw. He could still feel the tears pooling in his eyes and spilling down his cheeks.
He looks up again and reaches out a hand, hesitantly, not sure if this is actually happening, but when his hand reaches the others’ face he knows it is. It’s real. It’s Cas. Just then he pulls his angel in for a hug so tight that he’s sure Cas can’t breathe, but he doesn’t care and it seems that Cas doesn’t either.
The clowns had recently left the barn and now Rusty was bored. They seemed a bit different this time when they left though. The clowns were almost hopeful, maybe they had a brand new plan that they knew was going to work, maybe this time it would. It was silent when they were gone, however, and Rusty almost started to miss their endless conspiracy theories and debates.
On another note, midterms are starting up for me this week so I won’t be posting this weekend and my next update will be on Valentine’s day weekend (and instead of chocolate you all get a very therapeutic chapter). I wanna say that this will be the only 2 week gap, but if it’s not then I’m sorry but it would only be like 4 updates max at a rate like this before I resume my weekly updates. Uni is kicking my ass right now and I need to stop falling behind because of my writing. Oops.
Slowly, Dean’s eyes opened at the soothing sound of Castiel’s voice, blinking a few times in confusion. Castiel risked it again, placing his hand back on Dean’s arm. This time he didn’t flinch away.
He kept a watchful eye on Dean as they sat there, making sure he didn’t try sneaking out and force them to let him help out, ruining the surprise. It was quiet in the room except for when the noises from the kitchen became especially loud, breaking the silence between them.
Castiel heard a noise, he could have sworn he heard a noise. More specifically, he could have sworn that noise was Dean calling out his name. Yet, when he called out to the hunter, there was no response, something which made a heavy feeling settle down in the pit of his stomach.
Suddenly, Dean’s phone rang. He looked at the screen and he couldn’t believe what he was seeing, it couldn’t be him, could it?
Everything around him was white, he was surrounded by it, consumed by it. He had to shut his eyes. Then it was quiet, not a single scream was heard. It took him a few moments before the sharpness dulled down enough for him to be able to see once again.
“Since this new Heaven meant that everyone would now essentially be sharing one heaven, that meant that everyone you know would be there. Bobby, Charlie, Ellen, Jo, Mary, and John to name a few. I know that you love them, I know how important family is to you, to you and Sam both, but Dean I couldn’t just stand there and watch this all happen without thinking about how things would be for you when you joined them. When you were back with John. It was my idea to do something about it.”
“Dean, please, I’m just trying to understand what happened, what made this time so different. Something had to have happened.”
Before he could, however, Cas had turned around, muttering something about somewhere he needed to be before he was completely out the door, not waiting for a reply from Dean.
“I-I’ve never thanked you for that, Cas, but I should have because I’m so grateful. You can’t know how much that one thing meant to me. The freedom you gave me without even knowing it. It meant everything.”
Castiel was about to leave, to go find a car he could use when a sudden gust of wind picked up, blowing past him. It was warm, and he smiled, knowing then that Jack would always be with him, no matter where he went.
His fingers found their way into Dean’s mouth rather quickly after that, instructing Dean to suck on them before removing them with a
Cas was overcome with emotion then; he could feel the tears pooling in his eyes and his heart was pounding in his chest. This was something far more than he deserved, how could he even begin to repay Jack for this?
“Come on, Dean,” Sam said, cutting him off, “I’m not an idiot. I know that you two felt something for each other… do you forget how many times I had to sit there with you two making googly eyes at each other?”
Some had tried to stay out of the conflict between angels on Earth, like Rebecca and Elijah, and some of the other penitent angels. Amongst the others were Joshua, Ezekiel, Akobel, Benjamin, Ambriel, Kelvin, Sophia and Azriel. All angel’s that Castiel had learned to trust or he knew to be good and decent. Together they discussed the plan and even called on a few more angels that they had discussed as a group. They knew that if this plan was going to work, then they needed to work together, they needed to come together and put any past differences or disagreements behind them.
He was covered in sweat, his pants...oh fuck… they were all sticky and warm on the inside. It all came flooding back.
Sam set down the stack of homemade Rice Krispie treats next to the pie on the table. He clapped his left hand on Dean’s shoulder, looking at his brother. “Okay, Dean, make a wish.”
“Okay well, maybe not… I-” Cas paused, thinking over his words carefully.  “You or Sam wouldn't have happened to have been in my room while I was gone… were you?”
He felt the tears that had been prickling at his eyes start to flow then, he could feel them flowing down his cheeks down onto the angels' trench coat, creating a damp puddle.
“Mhmm, if you wanna come over and help Cas with the veggies and stuff, I’m sure he’d appreciate it. Don’t wanna burn anything over here,” Dean spoke as he gestured towards the cooking patties, the bacon, and the buns that he had toasting in the oven.
Sam tries his best to help Dean. He tries to bring him food during the day, in hopes that if it’s there, he’ll eat it. Sometimes he does, but it’s a rare occurrence if he finishes it. He encourages him to get out of the bunker, go for a walk or for a drive, just to get him out. He needs fresh air, and not to be holed up for days on end in the bunker.
“What the fuck?” John groaned out from the floor, clutching his face, feeling the blood from his now split cheek leak onto his hand.
All he could think about was the angel, about how close he stood next to Dean, how he could feel his breath on the back of his neck, the way their arms brushed against one another while walking or even just the intense way that he’d watch Dean. Sometimes he’d look away quickly, but other times he wouldn’t even blink, he’d just hold Dean’s gaze until Dean’s thoughts took over and he had to look away, it almost felt as if Cas was daring him to look away, to break the eye contact.
Both of them were quiet for a while. Castiel letting the information sink in and thinking about how he could’ve missed such a thing. Looking back, maybe it didn’t seem so farfetched. The lack of women that Dean had picked up in recent years, which before he had just attributed to him getting too tired for, the way he’d get so nervous around someone he knew was openly gay or if a guy actually were to hit on him, and he couldn’t forget some of his other interests…
“I- I’m sorry for just showing up like that.” Cas stammered out, still not turning around. “I- I should’ve used the door- I should’ve given you a warning-”
“Yes, I’m sure. It’s him, it’s really him. I swear Claire. He uh, he’s here and he wants to talk to you…”
Hell was also pretty quiet and the world wasn’t ending. It seemed like all the monsters and gods had just decided to take a vacation or something from killing people. They were in a bit of a dry spell now. There wasn’t much for them to do. But this meant that now Dean had no distractions and no choice to think about what had been going on.
Dean wasn’t stupid, he knew what it was that hardness was that was pressed up against him, and he let out a gasp when he felt it shift and press up against his own hardening member.
“Four cracked ribs, a concussion, 20 stitches on my face and then 34 around my body. I was bloodied and bruised. Doctor’s thought I got hit by a car when I walked in.”
There were a few clothes in the way of the cord, so he picked them up, and put the few articles on the other side of the pile. Coming into full view then, was the phone charger.
“Mistletoe,” Dean said, almost breathlessly. He should’ve checked the rest of the bunker after the first incident, but he had been distracted and didn’t even think of it until now.
Dean took another bite of the burger and tried to think about what they could do. What he didn't notice was the small moan that escaped him because of the fucking fantastic taste, but when he looked at Cas again as soon as he found an answer, he raised his eyebrows, because the other man's face was flushed completely.
The man who haunted their dreams half the time. They felt weak. This was something that they had always wished for, just to catch a glimpse of the man, that hunter. How Rusty so badly wanted to just touch him, to sink themselves into him.
While Cas was flipping the bacon, Dean grabbed the other pan, which he proceeded to grease. He then placed it on an element, which he turned on to low heat.
you,” Dean exclaimed from his spot on the bed where he was still trying to ignore Sam’s, and now Cas’ existence.
That only encouraged Dean to keep going, giving him the little push he needed to continue what he was going to do.
Cas if he was feeling ready to go on a hunt with him just yet, but he also knew that in these past few days since he’d been back that he’d only very rarely left Dean’s side, and that was really only when Dean showered or went to the bathroom, the former of which Cas had almost gone with him once before he so kindly reminded Cas that he needed some privacy or whatever.
Sometimes Dean thinks about all the time they wasted, all those years they spent silently pining for the other, but right now he’s just happy that they have each other now. He doesn’t intend to waste any more time, he’s done with that. All he wants to do is make the most of their time now and do his best to make Cas happy, whenever he can.
Dean obliged immediately, though there didn’t seem to be room for argument and even if there was, he didn’t have the strength to resist Cas right now. His shirt had quickly been thrown to the floor, which was followed soon after by Cas’ trenchcoat, coat jacket, tie, and shirt. There they both stood, still breathless, eyeing the other. They had both seen each other like this before, although not in this context, there was certainly no time for admiring the other's body in those moments.
Mary slammed the door in John’s face, not wanting to hear another word out of him. She stormed back over to where Cas and Bobby were standing, Cas’ eyes wide in shock at her reaction.
“Of course. I guess I should let you get back to… what was it that you were doing in here anyway?” Sam asked quizzically.
“I- There’s uh… there’s so much that you don’t know, Cas. About me...about my life… about how I grew up. I just- It’s just all too much sometimes.” He could hear how Dean’s voice broke on the last word as he lifted his head up a bit. It pained him to hear Dean like this. All he wanted was to fix it and make sure he never sounded like this again.
“What? Did you two never get the chance to finally tell each other how you feel?” Rowena questioned, a smile on her face.
This was quite possibly the strangest thing that Dean had heard since Cas had been back and he was suddenly starting to understand why Cas had chosen
“It’s alright. Dean, I know you wouldn’t- I know that you hadn’t meant anything by it. It’s alright. I was just… a bit shy about it, that’s all. I think maybe part of me is a bit relieved that I don’t have to hide it from someone anymore…”
. If you thought that I was going to let you go into the woods all by yourself to be live bait, you thought wrong."
He bent down after finding one, but then, something caught his attention out of the corner of his eye. He did a double-take, feeling curious, but it was hard to make out as he was several meters away from the mysterious object. He squinted through the bushes, and yet he still wasn’t sure what it was that he was seeing, but he figured it was worth investigating.
Cas knew that if this was going to go smoothly, then he would have to talk to Mary. He knew her and John had been happily sharing their own heaven together since Mary died. He was assuming she was happy at least, since he hadn’t actually seen her yet, but there was no time like the present and this wasn’t something he could just put off. He had to do this and now, because the sooner he could send John’s ass back to hell, the better. Cas hadn’t seen John in heaven either, in fact, he had never even met the man, he’d only ever seen him in pictures, but he knew that the moment he saw his face, he would be struggling extremely hard not to just punch him square in the jaw and beat the shit out of him for all that he ever did to Dean. The man was a monster, he was a disgrace, he didn’t understand how someone like that could have ever made it into heaven, but he was going to correct that mistake.
Cas was staring at Dean intently, he didn’t want to miss a single word or expression from the other man. He watched Dean nod his head, just once, a small slow nod. He might have missed it if he hadn’t been watching.
After checking each drawer, he still came up empty. Standing up straight, he slowly scanned the rest of the room, not seeing a sign of it anywhere. Walking around a bit more as he searched, something caught his eye, something on the bed.
Sam nods, “Yeah, he did it to save Jack, and he said that the Empty would come for him only when he felt a moment of happiness or something... right?”
“Umm, I’m not sure. Maybe around half an hour or so… maybe a little longer now since it’s just the two of them. Sam’ll come get us when they’re done.”
“Come here,” Eileen said, embracing Sam and trying to comfort him. It’s been hard on both of them seeing Dean like this. Sam misses his brother, but he also lost a friend, he lost family. Cas had died, and yes he had felt the loss but he also didn’t have time to worry about it too much, not at first. He was still heartbroken from losing Eileen and he was so focused on finding a way to take down Chuck and to bring her back. He feels guilty… he knew Dean needed him, but Sam was also mourning someone else and he wasn’t there for Dean as much as he always should have been.
They were both nervous, but after a few minutes, it became more heated, more desperate. All that Dean had been feeling over these past few months, the desperation, the need he had been feeling to just hold Cas, to touch him, it all went into that kiss.
“Hey, Mary! I’m back!” A deep voice called into the house, a few moments later, the figure that it belonged to came into view with another not far behind.
Dean nodded and opened his mouth to answer, but right then the waitress was walking towards their table, carrying two plates, each topped with a delicious-looking burger and some fries. With a smile and a wink, Dean leaned back enough so that she could put the burgers down, just then noticing that he was leaning halfway across the table to talk to Cas.
The angle that standing gave him really wasn’t much better from his crouch, in fact, it may have been worse. Luckily, he remembered the direction of the object and was able to find it again after taking a few steps blindly towards it.
Another noise startled him out of his thoughts then, the creaking of a door. His head snapped around towards the new sound.
“Dean what are you-” he said, cutting himself off and looking around, realizing that they were both now standing in the bathroom. A puzzled expression made its way onto his face as he looked back at Dean.
“Please don’t leave me,” Dean whispered quietly. He was so quiet that Cas had almost missed what he said.
When Dean opened his eyes, which he didn’t even recall closing, he saw Cas smirking slightly at him. Cas knew exactly what he was doing to Dean and Dean just needed more, he needed to feel Cas, he needed more of him inside of him.
Jack felt bad after Cas came back, after what he said about him abandoning his family, especially at a time when they needed him most. He left them when they were so vulnerable and broken; when they had already lost a huge piece of their family and then he just walked away.
Dean and Jack went to the library to wait as Sam and Cas were in the kitchen grabbing whatever they had made for Dean.
He leaned his head down, until his face was only an inch away from Cas cock. Then he stuck out his tongue and gingerly licked a strip along the underside of it. Cas let out another breathy moan as Dean continued licking his way along Cas.
Shaking himself from his thoughts, Cas clasped his fingers around the knife, needing to get the hell away from this situation before he had another situation of his own to deal with. Hastily, he pulled the knife out, but that had ended up doing more harm than good because the knife decided to snag on the edge of Dean’s pocket, causing his hand to slip and brush against the pink lace that was still peaking out. A gasp escaped his lips before he could stop it and he was standing way too close to Dean for him to not hear it.
“Seriously, Cas? After all these years, after the shit I’ve told you, I’ve all but spelled it out for you and you think I’m-” Dean couldn’t help the actual laugh that erupted from inside of him. How the hell could someone who spent this much time with him really believe that.
When he had said to Cas earlier to grab whatever he needed before they left, he had expected him to grab his phone and maybe a few other small things, but apparently no, this was not at all what Cas had done because clasped in his hand was a small bag, one that Dean did not recognize. Cas had been avoiding Dean’s eyes the whole time as he got in the car and threw his bag in the back seat. Dean had to take a moment, not sure what the hell that was because when the hell had Cas ever taken a packed bag with him on a trip when he was an angel. Never. That’s when.
Castiel was happy to see some of his brothers and sisters, some that he had not seen in a very long time, and others he had only parted ways with more recently.
The rest of the visit was fairly uneventful but in a good way. There was no shouting or crying which was always a plus and it was actually relatively pleasant. Dean didn’t mind the conversation, especially since David wanted to know more, he needed to know more about what took his family away from him. All these years he had no answers, but now…. Now he could finally get some.
Cas nods his head, “Yes, you did one time. I had them a few other times as well and I quite enjoyed them. I remember ketchup tasting very good on them, but I still preferred honey, when of course, it was available. Fresh honey was my favorite. There was this one little honey bee farm I visited in Iowa, their honey was particularly delicious and the bees seemed peaceful...”
He thought about the angel's hot mouth as it pressed against his own, with his body pressed flush against him and the wall. The way they moved together, each seemingly not able to get enough of the other, just wanting them closer.
“Here, just take what you need and leave the rest on the bed. I’ll be in there,” Dean spoke, pointing towards the small bathroom and grabbing his bag of toiletries as he did so.
Balthazar, Gabriel, Samandriel and Hannah were among Cas’ most trusted of the bunch, but they were not alone in being in his good graces. He knew these angels, they tried their best to do what was right.
First, the zoom link that he had to share (which honestly I'm so fucking glad he did because well the world is fucked up and things like that need to be discussed) and then second THE BIRTHDAY TWEET.
It took him a second to realize that he was now on the hard wooden floor of the library, with a sideways chair lying next to him.
He’s glad that they’re happy, he really is, but it hurts to see them like this, see that they’re happy, when he knows that it’s something that he can’t have. They try not to overdo it when Dean is around, but they just got each other back, Dean knows they can’t help it and they shouldn’t have to hide how they feel just because Dean is mourning and in pain.
He knew that voice, he’d recognize that voice anywhere. It was a voice he could never forget, even if he tried.
He didn’t know what to say, he was too close already and Cas was speeding up, it was becoming more and more intense. Cas’ movements becoming rougher and more chaotic. Dean was having a hard time not just flipping them over and taking that angel, but he knew Cas would not be very happy about that. He didn’t want to risk Cas becoming unhappy and subsequently, punishing Dean for his actions. Dean couldn’t handle it if Cas decided not to let him come, or if he decided to make Dean wait. Dean could not wait, not this time at least. He needed Cas, he needed this and he was not going to screw it up for himself.
how much Cas cared within that one simple act. It radiated off of Cas and into Dean, that feeling of love, no matter what kind of love he believed that to be, he still knew that in some way it was there. Each time he did it, he felt closer to Cas. Maybe it was crazy, but that’s what he felt.
First, he checked Dean's nightstand. He’d seen Dean keep it here a few times before so he thought it was the best place to start. It wasn’t laying on top of the nightstand, so he checked behind, just to see if it’d fallen. It hadn’t. Then he opened the drawer of the nightstand, rummaging around a little inside but it wasn’t there either.
The look of worry in Castiel’s eyes caught his attention first, followed by the way his hand was gently resting on the blanket on top of Dean’s side. He hadn’t even felt it until he actually saw it. Then, he felt the coolness of the damp pillowcase beneath his head. Shit. He must’ve been crying in his sleep or something. In fact, tears were still lightly falling down his cheeks.
Cas dropped his hand then, looking down at the ground shyly, “I never thought it’d be so confusing…” he muttered under his breath.
Cas broke the kiss again, not able to keep his mind focused on two tasks at once anymore, the pleasure taking control and clouding his brain. Instead, he just rested his forehead against Dean’s, feeling the warm puff of Dean’s breath against his lips. He could hear as Dean’s breathing got heavier and quicker. He could also feel it, along with the way Dean trembled beneath him, shifting, squirming, writhing in pleasure. Unable to hold back and contain it, but Cas was glad for it. He truly enjoyed seeing just how much of an effect he had on the hunter lying beneath him.
Dean pulled the shirt over his head quickly, walking towards Sam, grabbing the cup that Sam held out for him.
Cas realized then, what was wrong. He began to walk towards the bed now, kneeling on the floor when he reached it.
“Can I ask a question?” Dean asked, breaking the silence, before adding quickly, “Not about the gay thing.”
time and time again, just for you to get yourself killed with the first stupid idea you come up with."
Castiel was in one of the bunker storage rooms, sorting through some of the files. He was doing some reading earlier about some spell the Men of Letters had created to sedate lower-level monsters for a few hours, one that after a few experiments, was found to have some effects on more powerful things such as demons too. This of course caught his attention and he wanted to find out a bit more about it.
“What do you want me to say, Cas? That my dad was a homophobic asshole who wasn’t winning any father of the year awards?”
Dean was sitting in his room on top of his bed, leaning against the headboard. Cas was sitting in a chair near him, looking at his phone. Sam had shoved him in his room while they tried to get things ready before dinner, but Dean kept protesting, telling them not to make such a big deal out of it all. There was no reason to fuss this much over it.
Dean was interrupted from his thoughts when he felt a brush of Cas’ tongue against his lips. Now that was something he definitely did not expect. His lips seemed to part without consulting his brain though, and soon he was full on making out with the angel.
Cas tried his best to hide his smirk from Dean, but he wasn’t sure if it was working. He did, after all, know the exact reason why Dean had reacted in this way.
Dean had lost his chance for the hope of a future with Cas, before he could even begin to hope for it. Cas was gone before he had time to register that that’s what he meant, that that’s how he felt. He loved Dean. He was
“After that, I managed to wake up some of my brothers and sisters, and long-story-short, we managed to work together to torture the ancient cosmic being holding us there, which resulted in our escape back to Earth... back to Dean. Then Jack managed to find us, and escorted us to heaven.”
He offered the girl a small smile as he held it out. “He’s been through quite a journey to get to you.”
He had been ready to get out of the car when Dean told him to wait. Once Cas had turned around, he saw the phone that Dean was holding up. He really did try to swat the phone away before Dean took the picture, but judging by the satisfied smirk on his face that appeared a moment later, and by this photo here now, he had failed.
"Great. Fantastic. Could you please explain what the hell that feeling was? Because as far as I can remember, I've never felt
It was silent for a few moments. The only sounds were of Dean chomping away at his sandwich. In between bites, Dean glanced down at his phone that was still sitting on the table. Reaching out with one hand, he picked it up and turned it on. Almost immediately, he choked on the food in his mouth, seeing where the phone opened to. It was the home screen, the picture of Cas, not the phone call app like he had expected. What started off as one startled cough, soon turned onto a fit of coughs.
Sitting back up on his chair, Dean turned the book over, finally noticing what he had been drawing, much to Castiel’s horror.
Neither of them said a word as Dean walked carefully back over to his bed, trying not to trip on anything as they held one another gaze. When he reached the bed, he looked away from Cas, pulling back the blankets and sliding underneath, laying on his back and pulling them up to his chest. He just laid there, staring at the ceiling until he felt his eyes fall shut and felt himself being pulled back into nothingness.
“Thanks for staying…” he murmured as he felt the darkness consume him and carry him off to sleep, feeling more at peace than he had in a long time.
before squirting some onto his fingers. He spread it along his cock as he looked Dean in the eyes, making a bit of a show with it.
He reasoned that it really probably was either Sam or Dean who had found them and moved them, thinking that Dean was the more likely culprit since he was normally nosier than Sam, but he still wasn’t sure why he would’ve moved them or why he would’ve even been in his room in the first place. He decided that maybe he should just ask Dean about it and see if he knew anything about it.
It was a picture that he hadn’t seen before, at least not one that Dean had shown him, but he remembered the time it happened, it would’ve been hard to forget it if he was being honest.
“You haven’t gotten the chance or are you too nervous about what it might say…?” Sam asks slowly. His voice was steady, but not accusing of Cas. He was being genuine when he said that.
Cas was speechless. He hadn’t even imagined that one day he’d be able to… that one day he’d be able to fly again. Oh, how he missed it, feeling the wind rush past his feathers and the rest of his being, the true freedom that he had felt, the weightlessness. He hadn’t really appreciated it though until it was gone, until he had no chance of feeling that again.
Dean’s eyes went wide as he took in the sight of the other man. It was breathtaking. He couldn’t believe this man was standing in front of him like this, it was almost too good to be true.
Anything that Castiel was going to say was cut short before he could even get it out as Jack came rushing at him, enveloping him in a hug. It was so tight. It felt as if Jack was worried that if he let go, that Cas would just disappear and in that moment, he knew how much pain he must’ve caused Jack. He was the closest thing he had to a real father, and he just left him. Sure he had Sam and Dean, but he knew that it wasn’t the same. He and Jack had a bond that was different than what he had with Sam or Dean. He understood Jack in ways they could not, he knew what it was like to be an angel and the things that came with that. Sam and Dean couldn’t understand what it was like to have that kind of power, they also weren’t always the best at using their words so Cas had to try his best to explain this to Jack and why sometimes, Dean especially, got so angry about something Jack didn’t understand.
It was a rough kiss, neither one of them bothering to be gentle. When Dean could actually no longer breathe, he roughly pushed the angel off of him. Unclothing them both, Dean pushed Castiel against another wall. He couldn’t help the anger that he felt beginning to boil beneath his skin though.
Now he didn’t just need to wash his body, but he needed to wash out his eyes and his brain, as well.
“I’m fine,” he said simply before looking back at Dean and seeing how truly unconvincing he had been. “I guess maybe part of me is still adjusting to being back.”
Feeling defeated, and by something so little as a phone charger, Cas sank down to sit at the table, trying to think of where on Earth he last left it.
Dean wasn’t sure why he thought of it like that. Maybe it was true, but he also felt like if he were to draw, he probably wouldn’t ever draw himself.
It took Dean longer than it should have for him to connect everything. Cas acting weird and flustered, his disappearing acts, Cas having a fucking boner and doing a hell of a lot about it. It all slowly became apparent to Dean that all those things had something in common. And that something was Dean. Not only Dean, but Dean wearing his panties. Maybe he didn’t fully know how exactly Cas had known about them each time, but it was apparent now that he had. Not only that, but it had affected him quite heavily, something that Dean found extremely intriguing, something that he felt he needed to explore more closely at a time of his choosing and when he was much more aware of what was happening.
“Well...um, I didn’t exactly do it all by myself,” Jack’s gaze shifted down to the ground, too nervous to look Cas in the eye. “I had some help…”
These angels, his brothers and sisters, didn’t necessarily choose to die, it might have happened because it was just part of the mission or they died for a cause or because they were just doing what needed or had to be done at the time, but now they might get a second chance.
to him. He was always around, he even followed him into the bathroom once, which seemed to be a surprise to them both.
He laid there, fighting a losing battle with the side of his brain that decided to imagine countless scenarios in which a person, more specifically Cas, would be making those kinds of sounds, and even more specifically, scenarios that involved Dean being the cause. That was something he definitely did not need to think about right now, especially when Cas was only a few meters away from him and even more so after the events that occurred earlier that night.
“There’s no point in fighting it, the deal’s been made. You can’t force me to help you again. With either.”
At some point, one that Cas didn’t fully realize, he had unzipped his-Dean’s-pants which were now hanging loosely on his hips, just threatening to fall at any moment, with his hand now palming himself through his underwear. The line between fantasy and reality had become blurred, but at that moment he couldn’t even care.
Castiel didn’t question it, he just left it, complying with Dean’s request without hesitation. Dean didn’t have much time to bask in the glory of being listened to though, or much time to appreciate the newly exposed skin of the angel because not a moment later, one of Castiel’s hands found a place on his neck, the other snaking around his waist and Dean was being pulled in for a bruising kiss.
They stood in silence for a few moments after that, both of them going over everything in their heads, what Dean had just said out loud, and how Dean had been acting since all this happened.
Cas had enough to deal with and Dean shouldn’t complicate things or pressure him after all that he’d gone through. There were also other important matters to attend to, such as
Strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, grapes, they all littered the fridge. When Dean turned around, he also saw some cut up pineapple, bananas, chocolate and a few cans of mandarain oranges on the counter.
When Castiel pulled back, all traces of humour were gone from Dean’s face, a sharp intake of breath completely apparent to the angel. Now, he was the one wearing a smirk on his face while Dean was the one left speechless.
The morning went by quite slowly. He and Cas had been in the library, sitting across from one another at a table. Cas had been flipping idly through some old spellbook he’d found that he thought had looked interesting. Dean wasn’t really sure what it contained besides that.
By the time Cas was done and had answered quite a few of their questions it was getting late, around 11 o’clock at night already. He could tell that Dean was getting tired, and if he was being honest, he was too. Not sleepy tired, just tired in general. It had been an emotionally exhausting past few days and he just wanted to sit down and not think for a little while.
“You gonna mess up my panties, Cas?” Dean asked, his voice absolutely wrecked. “Just imagine how fucking good they’re gonna look with your come leaking onto them.”
Cas had this look in his eye, a dark look. It sent a shiver down his spine. Dean had never seen this side of Cas before, but damn did it turn him on. One of Cas’ hands found its way into Dean’s hair, and he pulled. Not hard enough to seriously hurt the man, but hard enough that he really felt it, felt his head being tugged back, which exposed his neck. Cas took full advantage of this opportunity and positioned his lips on Dean’s neck. Dean bit back a gasp, something that Cas had taken notice of, so he continued his work, exploring every inch of his neck and his collarbones with his lips, coaxing small gasps out of Dean’s mouth.
Anyway, I'll see you all in two weeks with another update which I'm terrified for because of an idea I'm being forced to include but it's fine... maybe...
Dean really hadn’t thought of it like that, but how could he have? And he’d be lying if he said that he wasn’t starting to tear up a bit. I mean, what was he supposed to do after just sitting here, listening to Cas pour out his soul. Those drawings, they were a piece of Cas, not one that anyone was ever meant to see, yet Dean had just invaded that privacy without even asking. I mean he couldn’t really have asked back then, but that wasn’t the point.
Cas didn’t know back then what would continue to develop between them, how strong their bond really was or how it would only become stronger with time. He didn’t know the unconditional love he would feel for that man. He didn’t even know he was capable of feeling love or just feelings in general.
Thank you all so much for reading! All the kudos and comments really brighten my day, I love hearing from you guys!
He was able to dismiss these thoughts though when he tried to give it back to him, and Dean told him it was meant for him to keep. It was a gift. It was only meant for him.
And then they continued. Time kept passing by, but they didn’t stop again, they just kept on making as much noise as they could.
They saved the whole world again, but it still didn’t feel right. Dean knew he should feel happy. He was free, and everyone else was free from Chuck too. Everyone was safe, yet Dean couldn’t be happy, not nearly as happy and relieved as he should have been and he knew why.
Eileen told them a bit about the case she was on as they all dug into the food. It was nothing too crazy, just a simple haunting in Iowa. She did let slip out though that she had been gone for four days, something that caught Cas’ attention immediately. If she had been gone for four days, then why hadn’t Dean noticed she was gone or that she was on a case? It didn’t seem like the time to bring it up though, and he also didn’t want to interrupt Eileen. He made a mental note to ask Dean about it later.
He shifted in his chair, readjusting his trenchcoat across his body, feeling Dean’s eyes jump back to him at the sudden movement.
As he walked closer to them in the brightly lit halls of heaven, Cas noticed him over the shoulder of Dara, smiling softly at him, pride shining in his eyes. Jack began to smile back at him as he heard another murmur. A voice he hadn’t heard in months, it was soft and quiet, but he could hear it clearly.
Dean sat there on the floor for a few moments longer, trying to catch his breath and not wanting to move just yet, but then the floor was starting to become uncomfortable and the mess he had made on his chest was beginning to cool. He reached out an arm, catching a piece of toilet paper that was hanging off the roll and pulling to unravel a long string of it, ripping it off and into a few smaller pieces. Once he had wiped himself clean, he picked himself off the floor, throwing the toilet paper into the toilet and flushing it down. Then he walked over to the sink to properly wash his hands, before drying them and then bending down to pick up his discarded boxers, pulling them back on.
Dean looked Cas in the eyes then, two pairs of glassy orbs meeting, he felt frozen. He had never thought about it too much when he was rebuilding Dean’s body and soul. He never imagined the impact that this would have had on the hunter, it never crossed his mind. Even now, he hadn’t considered it, but he could hear it in Dean’s voice how much he appreciated that one thing, it was written all over his face as well.
Cas placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder turning his body towards him, not letting Dean slip away so easily. He studied the other man’s face more closely, a softer look appearing on his own face as he watched him.
“Okay, Dean… and how many times have you seen each episode of Dr. Sexy?” Cas shot back, a smirk now evident on his face.
Cas still looks a bit nervous so Dean leans forward once again, placing his hand on the other man’s cheek and leaning in to kiss him again. This seemed to loosen him up a little.
“Jack, no. I’m here now, that’s all that matters.” Cas tried to offer him a reassuring smile. He didn’t want Jack to feel bad about this. Him dying, him not coming back sooner, it wasn’t Jack’s fault. Cas had made his own choices, his own decisions that led him to that point. It was no one's fault but his own.
“Sorry, Dean, I didn’t mean to wake you. I just… I heard a noise, I thought you might be having a nightmare.”
“Yea- Yeah. Everything’s good.” Dean wiped a hand down his face, rubbing away the tears. ”Just uh, figuring a few things out…” Dean spoke, glancing at Cas, before looking back at Sam.
Cas furrowed his brows at that, giving them both a quizzical look. “What do you mean?” He asked, a note of concern laced in his voice.
Off the woman went down the aisle in the same direction as the two children, leaving Dean and Cas alone in the aisle. It was silent for a moment, it was unnerving to Dean. Without thinking about it, he broke the silence.
Realization set it quite quickly, causing an expression to form on his face that he assumed closely resembled the one Cas was wearing as well. Dean was frozen, words stuck in his throat, brain malfunctioning, body unable to move.
“How you feel about him… even if I hadn't noticed it before all of this, it would have been pretty obvious with the way you’ve been acting since he… left.”
He pulled up outside and turned off the car. He just sat there for a few minutes, trying to work up the courage to get out of the car. He finally did, still not sure of what his plan was, but his legs started carrying him towards the door anyway. He wasn’t even sure if they’d be there. They could be out or on a case or anywhere. What if they weren’t there? What if he drove all that way and nothing? What if-
“My money’s on Cas. There’s no way, after all he’s gone through to get back here that he won’t try something.”
Heading down the cereal aisle, Cas asked Dean what they needed from here. Dean read out the list. “Corn Flakes, Cookie Crunch, and All-Bran.”
Dean was a stuttering mess, he wasn’t entirely sure Cas would even understand what he was saying, but he hoped he did because there was no way in hell he was going to be able to say that twice. He hardly even said it once.
“Is there something I should know? You guys have basically been attached at the hip the past few days.” Sam said with a wink.
Tonight was a particularly bad night for Dean. Sam had tried talking to him about what was happening with him, he only wanted to understand why Dean was so affected this time around, he had never been like this after Cas had died before. Sam just wanted to know if there was something that had happened between them before Cas had died. He wasn’t trying to push for details, he just wanted to know if there was a reason why this time seemed to affect him so much more than the others.
On occasion, he’d hear him and Sam talking or catch a glimpse of him in the hallway or hear him rummaging around one of the spare rooms that he had claimed for the time being.
Once it was all over, Dean and Cas got dressed and Castiel healed his wound from Rusty. They both walked out of the barn, leaving Rusty all alone now, well alone with the clown corpses. Rusty wasn’t sure how to feel now. Rusty had finally gotten what they wanted, but now that it was over, they felt empty inside, like there was a hole inside them. Rusty just wanted them back, wanted them to come back for him.
Cas nodded silently and collected the items Dean had told him to get. He may not have been good at cooking, but he could at least find these things in the kitchen.
“For years, he’d do that, he’d take it out on me, take everything out on me… Usually, he just used his fists, it was the easiest for him I guess. But sometimes… sometimes it was the cigarettes or a broken bottle. I had so many scars that I had to hide from everyone. I had to lie about them too if someone saw them, I had to lie to Sam, to Bobby... I couldn’t hide them from myself though, I couldn't lie to myself. When I looked in the mirror I could see them, the burns, the scars. I think- I think that’s one thing I was so grateful for when you raised me from hell, when you rebuilt my body. You did it and you left all that behind. You got rid of the constant reminder that I never could escape, even when I was alone, especially when I was alone. You gave me the power to not be reminded of it all every time I looked in the mirror.”
Cas didn’t need to be convinced though. He didn’t need Dean to drag him into the den. Cas would have followed him willingly. He was just happy to spend this time with Dean, just the two of them. Throughout the movie, Dean would be mouthing the words, sometimes shouting them out when he got too excited. Cas would just smile. He liked watching Dean while he watched the movies. He loved seeing Dean this excited about something, all the problems in their lives at the time, seemingly forgotten. All traces of worry were gone.
Reluctantly, Castiel slid his hand from Jack’s shoulder, a sad smile painted on his face, not wanting the last time Jack saw him to be like this, without a smile. He didn’t want him to think he wasn’t proud of him, because he was. He couldn’t be any prouder of the person he had become.
“Okay you you just kinda gotta uh, flick your wrist. Gently though, you don’t want eggs flying everywhere, trust me,” Dean brought his other hand to Cas’ waist as he spoke, feeling Cas tremble under the touch.
Living in the bunker was different too. Sure, Jack was no longer there bouncing around the halls, but now the whole atmosphere felt different. He really did love spending time there, something he’d gotten used to before his death, and it wasn’t a bad different, it was just kinda new.
Sure, when he asked, they both denied everything before fleeing the scene and all of Sam’s unasked questions. Neither was willing to discuss any of that with Sam, or anybody for that matter.
He also wasn’t sure if he should tell Bobby everything about his feelings and all, talking about that once for today seemed like enough. It really only made him miss Dean even more and feel worse about the whole situation. In addition, Cas had the suspicion that if Mary knew about his feelings, then Bobby probably did as well, or at least, he might have an idea about it. He had, after all, spent more time with them on Earth than Mary had.
Dean’s eyes stayed focused on their hands as he spoke, almost as if that one touch was keeping him grounded in this moment, keeping him from getting lost in the memories again.
Dean knew that voice, but why was it so close by. Then his surroundings came into clearer view and he tilted his face up, being greeted by a gentle smile from a blue-eyed angel. His gaze then travelled back down to where his head was resting, lifting it up so he could see properly. His eyes widened as he realized that he had been basically laying on top of Cas, with his head resting on Cas’ thigh and one hand had been gripping the angels.
The bag wasn’t too big, probably about half the size of his own and it wasn’t completely full. He could tell that much, but that was about it. It was zipped shut, leaving Dean to wonder what was even inside it, how much stuff did Cas have in there that he actually needed a bag? It was weird, even for Cas. He hadn’t even thought that Cas owned enough things to put in that bag, so his brain started to think about what he actually owned that he would bring away from the bunker.
“Balthazar, are you there? Please, please wake up. I need you to wake up! I need your help. Bal, please. I know I may not deserve your help, but it’s not for me. I know you may not want to see me or even think about helping me, but I swear, I’m trying to do the right thing.”
“Good,” Cas said simply before wrapped one hand around Dean’s cock. It was soon followed by his tongue. He teased Dean for a bit, licking the underside of his dick and then the head. He watched as Dean squirmed beneath him, enjoying it. Then he stopped, causing Dean to open his eyes, just to meet Cas’ for a second before he took Dean fully into his mouth without warning.
The wave of the cool air against his skin wasn’t unexpected, but he still let out a surprised gasp when he felt it. He quickly wrapped a hand around himself, basking in the warmth it provided him.
After the conversation Dean had overheard, he had become a little jumpy. It had only been about a week since then and things may not have been getting much better in that area, but in others, things were actually doing quite well.
Dean said this before he could even register what he was saying, but thankfully Sam and Jack hadn’t seemed to notice, as Jack was already asking Sam to help him put it on top of the tree. Cas, however, was looking straight at Dean, eyes widened slightly, and a small smile on his lips.
"I'm fine, Dean," was all he said before his gaze shifted to the window on their right. Dean thought he was done before the smile turned into a small smirk. “And besides, technically I wasn’t in your ass, just touching it.”
His gaze stayed there, unwavering as he spoke. “I already have everything I need right here. I get to spend my birthday with the people I love most.”
“Thank you, Dean,” he said, eyes filled with something that made Dean think that he wasn’t just talking about the bacon.
The next time though, Dean had no doubts about hearing something and god, he was fairly certain he knew what that noise was but he was also fairly certain that his sleep-muddled brain was not prepared to think about such things right now.
Then, peeling off the grimy clothes, he turned on the water, feeling the coolness of it warm as he reached out a hand and let it flow through his fingers. Once it had warmed enough, Dean stepped inside to wash away the day.
Castiel just tried to ignore him, to make Dean open his eyes. He placed a hand on his shoulder, but instantly, Dean flinched away. Trying not to let it bother him, he reminded himself that it wasn’t because of him. Dean didn’t know it was him.
Also the prompt for this fic, well let's just say it had to do with the map table and Sam seeing something he never should see. Oops.
“Honestly, everything. Or the main idea of heaven at least. He wanted to change it for you and Sam, sort of as a way to make things up to you both, to give you both the afterlife that you deserve.”
A noise caught his attention then, it was the sound of quiet sniffles, echoing through the otherwise silent room. They were coming from the bed, from Dean. Through the darkness, he could see Dean’s body laying on the bed, shaking slightly.
There were so many questions racing through his head and no answers, not any concrete answers at least. He was driving himself crazy with all of this.
He decided not to wait for Cas’ reply before whipping his body around and all but sprinting to his room to escape the conversation that he knew deep down was only going to follow him and running away would only delay the inevitable by a few minutes, maybe less.
"No, you're not gonna clean them by yourself, I still remember how you almost flooded the whole bunker. I'm gonna do it."
Still, that didn’t stop Castiel from his goal, and that goal was to carry Dean right over to the map table where he set his ass down. Dean didn’t move his legs though, not much. He held on tightly to the other man, seeking every bit of friction that he could in the other as he continued to attack his mouth with his own before pulling away for a breath.
Sam begged Jack to come back, he begged until his voice had gone hoarse and he couldn’t speak any longer. Tears were streaming down his face and Sam felt utterly helpless. After some time had passed, Sam gave up. Jack wasn’t coming. Sam didn’t know what to do anymore, there was nothing left, no other options. He could only try to hope that maybe Dean would get better on his own or he’d have to pray for a miracle.
“No, Dean,” He rushed out, a little harshly. He stopped, his voice coming out a little softer this time. “It’s alright. You don’t have to say anything.”
Seeing Cas like this, hearing Cas like this, it was too much for Dean. He couldn’t hold on any longer.
the emotion behind those words, and even though he tried to fight it, he could feel how his face heated up once more.
Once Dean had awoken, he noticed Cas was now sitting nearby, looking down at his sketchbook. His bottom lip was pulled between his teeth as he concentrated, almost glaring down at the paper. After a few moments of that, his expression softened, looking almost accomplished or pleased with the outcome of whatever he was drawing then. It took Cas a few moments to realize Dean had woken up.
Things seemed to be getting a bit back to normal once they had returned home. There was a lot more room in the bunker, so it was easier for them to all have their own space and thankfully their own rooms. Throughout the week, Sam had slowly stopped with the jokes or little smirks around Dean and Cas. Cas also wasn’t hanging off Dean all the time which he was both relieved and disappointed by. He actually hadn’t seen very much of Cas since they had been back. It was a little strange not having him around after the events that occurred during the hunting trip, and he probably would have paid a bit more attention to it if he hadn’t been so preoccupied with his thoughts or these damn dreams that just wouldn’t stop. He did, however, still know that Cas was still in the bunker.
Dean gave him a smile and then wrapped Cas into a hug, careful not to drop the mixtape as he did so. He closed his eyes, nuzzling his head into Cas a little, breathing him in before pulling away.
Dean slid off the left side of the bed, trying to angle his body away from Cas, hoping that he wouldn’t notice the wet spot on his boxers as he moved.
The sounds coming from Dean were almost too much for Cas, all this pleasure it was causing him, was trapped inside his own, too-tight pants. Cas needed to release the pressure, it was becoming unbearable, and he needed to focus his attention on Dean. Cas released his mouth from his pants, much to Dean’s disapproval, and got up, going as fast as he could to get his pants off.
“You know what, Cas? Fuck you. You just- You were the one who said all that shit and then fucking left. How the hell did you think I was going to feel after that, huh?” Dean couldn’t keep it in anymore. He was so angry with Cas, but he also couldn’t wait any longer to finally have Cas to himself.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean yelled out as Cas’ grip remained tight around Dean’s body, keeping him pressed against his chest.. “You think you could’ve been a little more gentle? I was just dragged through the fucking woods.”
By this point, tears are streaming down Dean’s face, but he doesn’t care anymore, he just needs to get this out.
Once Cas felt Dean relax a little more, he started to slowly move his finger around inside of him, in and out, and then he’d curl it a bit. After a few minutes, he added another finger, and then another. Dean was squirming on the bed, and then without warning, he felt a surge of pleasure throughout his body, he was consumed by it. Cas had brushed a finger against just the right spot.
“Huh, did it say any more about him?” Dean asked, trying to peer over to whatever Cas was looking at on the screen.
With a frustrated groan, he leaned back against the cold bathroom wall and pulled off his boxers, kicking them away and across the floor.
Cas sighed, he knew Jack was at least partly right. Some good things did come out of the bad, some things he wouldn’t trade for the world, but he was still worried. Chuck had been such a big enemy and problem for so long and something just felt off about it all. He hoped that maybe it was just nerves, that maybe it was just about helping Jack with his plan for heaven, trying to make everything perfect or maybe it was just about Dean. He couldn’t be certain though, things never seemed to be this easy for them, never.
“Good,” Cas stated, standing up fully and looking over to Dean who was only a few feet away. “So you agree then.”
Hello again! I hope 2021 is treating everyone well so far! This chapter has yet another little POV change and I am VERY excited about it because it's about damn time for this. Enjoy!
Feeling confused at this odd reaction, Dean didn’t take the time to think about it, at least not until he had some goddamn pants on. Taking full advantage of the newfound absence of observant eyes, Dean quickly pulled on the sweatpants he was still holding, before also grabbing a shirt from his duffle bag. Once he was fully dressed, Cas still hadn’t moved or spoken a word more to him, so Dean decided he should probably say something, literally anything to him to help the situation become anything better than it was right now.
“I know. Sam prayed to me. He prays to me a lot, actually. I think he just needs to talk sometimes, I think it calms him. It’s been a few days since he last prayed though.”
When Cas first listened to the tape Dean made for him, he didn’t expect to hear that song. He didn’t think Dean would have remembered that time in the impala, or that he might even treasure this memory in the way Cas had.
A smile worked its way onto Cas’s face at the sight, neither brother noticing his presence yet as he watched Dean sigh dramatically before leaning over to the side to pick up the paper that had bounced off his head and onto the ground.
When he glanced back up at Cas’ eyes, he noticed a dark look had appeared, something he had not expected to see.
That seemed to have caught Cas off guard, because he leaned forward once more with a deep sigh, his chin resting on the palm of his hand.
The next morning, Dean was awoken by the annoying ring of his phone on the nightstand near his head. God, he was going to murder Sam for waking him up so damn early.
It took a few minutes, but eventually, they found everything, the panties really being the most difficult to find. Somehow they’d made their way onto the seat of one of the chairs that was half pushed into the table which had hidden it from view.
Once Jody had left, Claire had gotten a little quiet, as if there was something on her mind, but she wasn’t quite sure how to say it or even if she should.
Cas listens to Dean and takes the few steps towards the bed. Sitting next to him, Cas shifted a bit to get a better look at Dean as he opened the gift. Dean shifted too, bringing one leg up onto the bed, his knees pressing into the side of Cas’ thigh now.
Rusty sat there alone in the barn, still covered in blood and waited. Waiting for what, they weren’t sure, but waiting was all that Rusty could do.
The sound of that low, deep voice saying his name at that exact moment was his undoing. A loud gasp escaped his lips as he kept working his hand, pumping out hot, white spurts of come onto his chest and his hand.
Dean gulped, feeling nervous all of a sudden. He felt a shiver run down his spine as the hand that was still on his chest, slid upwards until it was around his neck. It wasn’t enough to block Dean’s airway completely, but it was enough to affect his ability to breathe properly.
“Hey, uh, Cas?” Dean asked slowly. Cas just hummed in response as he turned his attention to Dean and away from whatever he was doing.
Dean took Cas’ silence as a go ahead, so he leaned back into Cas, lips meeting his halfway. Cas took a few steps forward, causing Dean to have to take a few steps back, until his back hit the door. Dean was trapped, pressed up between his door and Cas’ body.
He fumbled his hand around in his pocket, trying to get his phone out, letting out a sigh of relief when he did. Then he looked at the screen.
Cas turned around again, glancing at where Dean’s hand was still holding his wrist. He left it there.
He was about to start moving towards one door when suddenly it opened. Emerging from the doorway Cas saw two demons and then a familiar head of flaming red hair.
At this point, the only reason he was now looking for a case, was because Cas came back and somehow magically fixed everything-at least that’s what Dean was telling himself- and if he said it enough he hoped he’d start to actually believe it. It was stupid, the more rational side of his brain sometimes told him, but he didn’t listen. That’s just what he tended to do, ignore the problem until it went away.
Cas knew what was coming next, but it didn’t make it any easier. He had cherished these past few days with Jack. He would hold onto them for the rest of his life. Stepping closer to Jack and wrapping him in a tight embrace, he tried to come to terms with it all, he tried to let go.
Dean almost doesn’t believe what he heard. Did Cas just- he did, he really did say that. Dean needs to remember this for later…
After that, he decided it’d probably be best if he left before either Sam or Cas caught him eavesdropping. That probably would not go over very well. Maybe a distraction would be a good idea, he was sure Miracle would be around somewhere and would be more than happy to go for a walk with him. He always seemed to cheer Dean up when he needed it and he would also give him a much-needed distraction right about now.
“Okay Dean,” Cas said as he made his way over to the cupboards, setting everything on the kitchen table, before going to find Sam and Jack.
They arrived in one of the dark, stony halls of hell. The dim light created shadows that danced around them and if trying to pull them into the darkness, to hold them there forever. They could hear the screams of the souls there. John must’ve recognized the sounds of it from last time he was here.
Sam was the one who made the rest of the calls. Although there weren’t many to make, Dean was still grateful for it. Dean was never able to say to himself that Cas was dead, much less to another person, not then. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t.
Cas sighed as he continued to use the wall for support, not able to keep his mind from wandering back to that first moment that he arrived in the motel room… the way Dean was bent over and how he had a fucking perfect view of-
He was getting a little nervous now and he felt a little uncomfortable knowing that Cas had been standing there while he dreamt such intimate things about the angel. Then he remembered his situation down south. He could feel it. It wanted attention. He felt it twitch slightly when his gaze briefly wandered to Cas’ lips and he remembered what they had been doing in his head. It wanted Cas’ attention, but that was something it was not going to get. Not if Dean’s brain had any say in the matter.
Dean stumbled over his words, his voice sounding absolutely wrecked, but Cas seemed satisfied with his response, if the smirk on his face was anything to go by.
“Goodbye, John,” Mary spoke, no trace of sadness in her voice. “It’s time to send you back to where you belong, where you’ve always truly belonged.”
Sam was starting to see further changes in Dean. He thought that it had pained him when he had started to get used to finding Dean passed out drunk, sometimes having to help him up when he couldn’t even stand without assistance, and half carry him to his bed.
After a few minutes, they had everything they needed gathered on the counter and were ready to start with the eggs.
“Okay, so luckily,” Dean began to say, looking up to make sure he had Cas’ attention before he continued. “There’s been a notice that went out discouraging campers from staying in
“Okay, that’s good. Could you just maybe keep an eye on him though? He had everyone pretty worried ‘s all. I heard Jody and Sam talking on the phone about it a few times.”
“I also probably wouldn’t have made it through the past year without you. When I lost my grace, I was so broken, but you found me and you helped me put all the pieces back together. You made me realize that having all that power and strength wasn’t the only thing I was good for, that it didn’t define me. You showed me that I deserved so much more and that I deserved to be loved, that I deserved your love.”
The likelihood of Cas even returning Dean’s feelings was slim, especially since he was an angel. Angels weren’t built for emotions, for love. At least not in the same way that humans were. Could Cas even want a relationship?
“So, what’s the plan, just walk around until it decides it wants to eat us?” Dean began to chuckle. That was until he looked over at Cas and saw the glare the angel was directing at him.
He could feel his face heating up and didn’t even want to imagine how red it must’ve been at that moment. He had looked away from Cas at some point and was now very nervous about looking into his eyes, but he forced himself. Why was he even so nervous? It’s not like Cas would even- it’s not like Dean would even want to do that. No. He doesn’t think about Cas like that.
“Bobby, let go of me.” Cas’ eyes were dark, his voice low with warning, but Bobby wasn’t one to back down.
Jack tried to offer Cas a smile, one that felt a bit forced because even though Cas may have been right, he still felt guilty. Cas would have never made the deal that led him to death if it hadn’t been for Jack and when the time came for the Empty to collect on that deal, Jack had just left. He didn’t consider how it would feel, not entirely, to his family, to Sam and Dean. But now he needed to make it right, he needed to fix things.
He did keep an eye on his though, for any signs as to what could be bothering him. If he hadn’t, he would’ve missed the way Cas pulled his coat tighter around his body. Maybe, he was just embarrassed about the mess... Dean was about to mention it, but Cas was faster.
“Yeah Cas, aren’t you supposed to, you know, not walk into chairs and have perfect angelic balance of some shit?” Dean jokes, a smile evident on his face.
"That's exactly how it's gonna go, man. As soon as I'm in their nest, you'll sense that I'm not moving anymore, right? So you're gonna haul ass and be there in no time. Then you cut the ropes, we kill that thing, done. It’ll take a few hours tops."
When his eyes opened, however, he wasn’t met by the sight of shaggy fur, he was met by the sight of a beige sleeve and a body attached to it, smiling down at him.
Dean cut himself off when he saw the way Cas was looking at him. He was very clearly not impressed. “Okay, fine, maybe I did a
Without saying a word, Dean nodded his head, because he didn’t know what would come out if he did speak, he wasn’t sure if he was capable of it at the moment.
Eventually, the conversation turns to another subject before fading out altogether. Both take the time to let all this new information sink in because, in all honesty, it was a shock to them both. Things felt different, more open to possibilities now.
“I uh, I’ve never told you about how I grew up. I know that you must have some idea, over the years you probably learned some things, but like I mean what it was actually like.”
Dean internally debates with himself over this, never coming to a conclusion. Would that end have been better, both of them dead? Or is it better to know that Cas got to say those words before he died, that he got to have this weight lifted from his shoulders, even if it meant that Dean had to live on with this guilt, with this despair.
“Could you… do you think you could…” he said looking back up at Cas with pleading eyes, “I don’t want to be alone.”
He stood up, letting his eyes automatically wander towards Cas’ figure in the bushes to reassure himself that everything was alright. Then, he took a deep breath and tore his eyes away from the angel, instead directing them towards the mystery object.
Dean knew he was just joking, but this was really not the time for jokes like that. This was exactly the wrong time for it. Dean felt his face start to heat up within seconds, as he turned his face away from his brother, hoping that he wouldn’t notice, but the sound of Sam’s laughter seemed to tell him that he hadn’t turned away quick enough.
It didn’t take him long to figure out a plan. Well, not really a plan per se, really just an idea. One that he intended to follow through with only a few days later. He had meant to think it through at least a bit more, but his impatience was getting the better of him, taking over until one day he just couldn’t continue to make the awkward small talk with Cas anymore and needed to just
Dean paused before he made his way fully out of the library, glancing back at Cas who was looking at him questioningly.
Soon, the silence became too much for Dean, as well as the sticky coolness that was connecting the two of them.
His body was spent, needing this time to just rest, but eventually, the feeling of the now cooling stickiness in his boxers had him coming back to reality. With an annoyed groan, he used his grace to clean himself up before standing up once more, doing his pants back up. He took another minute in the bathroom before finally deciding to leave the little private bubble that was the bathroom and head back into the room where his best friend laid sleeping, unaware of what he had just done.
Dean tried to look away from the angel then, but Cas wasn’t having it. The hand that Cas had on Dean’s shoulder slid up to his neck then and then continued, coming to rest on the hunter's cheek. He brought Dean’s face back, catching his gaze again. His thumb brushing away the tears against his cheek as they just sat there like that for a few moments.
“I had to feed him, take him to school, put him to bed, tell him a story at night. Everything. It was my job. I was his brother, but that wasn’t all. I had to be a mother and a father to him too. I had to be everything to him because he was everything to me, he was all that I had, the only real family that I had left.”
Rising slowly from his spot on the bed, Castiel shuffled over to where Dean was standing, hovering behind the taller man.
Dean started walking away from the kitchen, Cas still walking with him. The short walk was silent now, Dean was nervous, he was fidgeting with his hand the whole way. When he reached his bedroom, he stopped outside and turned to Cas, looking him in the eyes shyly.
“We just gotta keep moving ‘s all.” Dean turned to keep walking through the trees, but he only got a few steps before Cas’ hand wrapped its way around his wrist, spinning him back around.
When he heard it for a second time, that’s when he started to move closer to the source of the voices, curious about why they were saying his name. He could tell already that it was Sam and Cas, even without actually being able to hear much about what they were actually saying.
He stood there for a few seconds, outstretching his hand in the air, hovering above the hunter. He held his breath, unsure of if he should disturb Dean or not. Without over-analyzing the situation, he lowered his hand to the hunter’s shoulder, feeling him jump beneath his touch. Dean’s face was turned away from Cas, but he could see as his hands flew to his face, rubbing it furiously as he rolled his body around to face the intruder. It took him a moment before recognition hit him and his expression calmed once he noticed it was only Cas. Dean pushed his way up into a sitting position with his knees bent and his feet planted firmly on the mattress.
Dean was now holding Cas in both arms as he steadied him. Regaining his footing, Cas stood back up fully, yet Dean’s hands stayed on the angel, not quite wanting to let go yet. Looking at Dean’s face, Castiel shifted against him, but only enough to partially face him, not enough to remove Dean’s hold on him.
His gaze trailed down then, to those perfect pink lips that had been haunting his dreams, then his eyes trailed back up, noticing where Cas’ own gaze had fallen before he returned Dean’s gaze once again.
Dean tried to hold onto that, he tried not to sink down into despair over the loss he had experienced, but it didn’t work. He coped in the only way he knew how. He drank. He drank a lot. Most of the time Sam would find him passed out on the floor or face down on a table drunk. He didn’t want to put Sam through that, he didn’t want him to worry about him.
And even if he did ask, there was no guarantee that the answer he got would be anything like he had hoped for, it could be the exact opposite. Sure, maybe that’d hurt Dean, but he could live with the rejection as long as Cas was still there, as long as he didn’t leave. The feeling he’d get from rejection would be nothing compared to what he’d feel if Cas decided to leave them once again just because of it. He didn’t want to scare him away.
The week had started out pretty normal, or at least as normal as it got for them. The only thing that was a bit odd was that Cas had been hanging out around the bunker a lot recently. He wasn’t needed in heaven right now, everything seemed calm up there, so he spent his time with them.
Dean was hardly even able to finish before Cas had hit his limit, come spurting between both their stomachs and all over Dean’s panties.
Dean looked a little guilty from the question, but didn’t admit to anything, not yet, he wanted to be sure what Cas was talking about.
“Why would you think that you deserved any of that?” Cas questioned, genuinely curious about how John could have hurt him so badly that he thought he deserved to suffer like that.
Sam picked up his phone, making sure to check the time because he didn’t want Cas to have to suffer two days in a row for him waking Dean. Deciding it was probably late enough, he hit the call button and waited.
Cas marvelled at the sight before him, here was his hunter, laid out on this bed just for him. Only for him.
“What’re you, in love with my son or something?” John had only really meant it as a joke, of course, not really believing it, but then Cas looked at him, mouth pulled into a tight thin line and his eyes narrowed at him.
Dean said it before he realized the implications of it. The last time Cas had searched through his pockets for a knife was the day Cas died. That was something he really didn’t want to think about now, but that also wasn’t the only problem. Dean also became quite nervous because he was still wearing a certain article of clothing underneath his jeans and he could feel that his shirt had risen up due to the restraints. God, he hoped his jeans weren’t sagging right now because Cas seeing him like that once was more than enough.
“What do you mean?” Cas tilted his head, an eyebrow raising as he did so. He didn’t want to push Dean, but he was curious, what more could there be to it? Was this why Dean seemed upset?
As soon as Dean was laying down, Cas placed gentle, loving kisses from Dean’s face down his body. It was like before, but it also felt different. This time it didn’t feel as fueled by passion or lust, it was fueled by love, by Cas’ need to take care of Dean.
With only a few feet between him and his room, Dean thought maybe he should call out to Cas, so as not to startle him by his sudden presence.
Cas. He did it so Cas didn’t die for nothing, he knew Cas would have wanted him to continue living, to keep doing what was right and for him to be happy and alive.
different. Jack wasn’t quite sure why, so he just stood there, listening to Sam, hearing every word of his prayer.
“I think we can both see that I very clearly am,” Cas stated. “What do you want, Dean?” he asked, his voice softening just a little.
Dean was about to answer, or maybe he really wasn’t when he slid his hand that was holding his phone into his pocket, except maybe he didn’t put it in all the way because when he removed his hand, the phone came sliding out, clattering to the floor. Maybe that part hadn’t exactly been planned because sacrificing his phone intentionally was not something he would’ve chosen to do, but it turns out it wasn’t the worst thing that could’ve happened.
“Don’t be a smartass, okay? What the hell is it doing here because I sure as hell am not eating it.”
Leashes in hand, Dean walked down the aisle, heading to the section where they kept the animals, more specifically, the guinea pigs.
With a second glance, he looked down at the home screen of the phone, looking at the image that had caught his eye. There, on the home screen of Dean’s phone was a picture of Cas which was certainly not what he had expected to see there. He assumed it would’ve been a picture of the Impala but no, apparently he was wrong about that.
“Then he uh, he started talking about how he never saw a time where he could be truly happy, because he- the one thing he wanted, he knew he couldn’t have.”
“I’ll see you when you get back.” She spoke, her voice going soft, and off she and Bobby both went, walking away, leaving Castiel alone with John.
“G’night, Cas,” Dean said back, feeling himself start to drift off, it was almost 2:00 am now after all.
Feeling the emotions swell within himself, he slowly climbed onto the table, just hovering above Dean before placing a sweet, gentle kiss to his lips. It was slower than before, less sloppy and more loving. It didn’t last long though, as soon enough, both were becoming impatient, Dean maybe more so as he once again grabbed Cas’ tie to pull his body flush against his own, resulting in a moan from the angel this time around. His own hard cock brushing against the soft satiny material of the panties as well as the rougher, but not too rough, texture of the lace. And beneath all of that, Cas could feel Dean, he could feel the dampness soaking through those fucking beautiful panties and he could feel as Dean rolled his hips up towards Cas’ own, their hard members rubbing together in the best fucking way possible.
His hand had made its way down to his ass now as he pulled his cheeks apart slightly. Dean felt the pressure of Cas’ body disappear against him, but he didn’t have a chance to be too disappointed as soon enough he felt a finger pressing into him.
Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding. As he let it out, the tears began to fall once again. He doesn’t even notice when they start or when they stop anymore, everything is a blur.
An awkward chuckle escaped his mouth. “Can you believe… she really thought that- that we…” Dean trailed off when he saw Cas’ gaze shift towards the ground, avoiding Dean’s eyes. “I mean, I didn’t mean that that would be a bad thing- I just uh, nevermind.”
John refused to budge very far at first but then she punched him in the face, right where Cas had only minutes earlier, causing John to lose his balance long enough for her to actually push him out the door. Mary was a lot stronger than she looked.
“N-nothing,” Dean choked out, trying to calm himself down. “‘t’s just that you… you really think I could replace you? With a dog?”
After they’d settled in a bit - meaning that Dean had thrown his bag in the room - they decided to take a drive around town, getting a bit of a lay of the land and also to find somewhere to stop for food. It turns out there was a decent diner only a few blocks away from their motel, close enough that they could walk in the future if they wanted to.
Dean swears he could have come right then and there, just from the sound of the angel’s voice, but he tried to hold back. Cas had hardly touched him, and there he was, already on edge. He really wanted this to last. This was something he needed to last, so he tried not to think about how gravelly and deep the angel's voice had gotten, tried not to think about the seemingly endless span of tan skin on top of him, how he could feel the heat radiating off the other man.
Daytimes weren't much different if he was being honest. Sure, all four of them would hang out, and each would find some times for themselves to do whatever it is they wanted to do, but Dean still found himself searching for Cas more often than not if he didn’t know where the angel was. Maybe it was a little clingy, but he couldn’t care less.
Cas could feel the tears welling in his eyes a little. Every time he heard this song he thought of Dean. Only of Dean. Of the times when he lost him. Of when Dean walked away or was taken from him or the night in that barn. The night where Dean first laid eyes on him, the night where Cas’ could feel him looking back, the first night where he could actually talk to him, where he could hear Dean speak back. The night it all started.
“So how come they’re not biting you? What, do they not like angel blood or something?” Dean asked half-joking.
“Rowena,” he called out to her, grateful that he had found her before some other demon found him and decided to make the journey even harder than it needed to be.
Dean jumped a little, not expecting to have an audience and not wanting one, especially not the star of his not so innocent dream. But there he was, just standing there watching him while he had been thinking about those things. Things which one should not be thinking about in relation to one of their friends, their best friend to be more specific, who also just so happened to be a man. None of these were things that Dean should be thinking about and these thoughts should also not be affecting him so greatly, he was straight, after all.
Sam went on to say how he thought they were making progress though, when Sam got Dean to actually open up about all of this, how Dean was starting to seem like his old self just a little, but then all of a sudden Dean shut down. He wouldn’t leave his room, or at least Sam or Eileen had not seen him leave. He told Jack that the only way Sam knew he was even alive in his room was when he heard the sobs, which had become even more frequent. How Dean didn’t even have the energy to filter them during the day now. He and Jack both knew that Dean never did that before, he would always at least try to hide it when he knew they were awake.
He knows now, what it was, what Cas was feeling, what he saw when he was looking at Dean. It was love. All of it was love. Love because he saw that Dean was so loving and selfless, love because, despite all his mistakes, Cas knew what really drove Dean to fight, love because this man that he saw wasn’t perfect, but he tried his best.
“Yes, I do. I know things you may not, saw things you couldn’t see, like the way he looked at you when he knew you weren’t looking, the absolute life-altering fear he felt when he thought you were going to die in that barn, how he wouldn’t even consider leaving you there to die alone, even if there was no chance of saving you. You may not see it or even believe it, but I’m telling you right now, if you don’t figure this out when you go back to Earth, I will personally come down there and kick both your asses.”
He thought he was gonna be sick. His eyes had just seen his brother's naked ass, getting pounded into by one of his best friends. That was something he never needed to see.
Maybe his thinking was a bit far-fetched, but honestly who could blame him? He’d literally just woken up so his brain was not prepared to deal with this and even if he hadn’t just woken up, there was still every single one of his previous relationships he had to consider and the way they’d ended.
He saw Cas slow his motions and open his eyes that had fallen closed at some point. He looked Dean right in the eyes then, fingers still inside himself.
“I was thinking maybe we should do a bit more research… see what else we can find out about the most recent missing groups and hopefully the older cases as well. We should be sure of what we’re hunting before we go out into the woods.”
Cas needed to find a way to help him, he needed to find a way out. He didn’t know how exactly he would do it, but he had to try and he had an idea of how to at least start.
But this…? This was different. He and Sam… they hadn’t tried to bring John back. Nobody had, so why was he here?
She turned back to Castiel once they had left the room, and gestured for Cas to take a seat, her sitting down as well. They were silent for a moment. Castiel felt a little uncomfortable, he felt like he was being examined. Shifting in his seat, he looked back at Rowena as if daring her to speak her mind. She just raised a brow at him before finally speaking.
He had to take breaks between each angel, feeling the power draining from him each time. The process had taken over a month, and that didn’t even include what Chuck had taught him before all of this. Once he was done, however, he returned to Chuck, wanting to check-in, and hoping he could maybe get one last thing from him in return.
As he worked all he could think about was the dream. It was still so fresh in his head. He tried not to think about it, but the harder he tried, the more intense the thoughts became.
Dean just stuttered “I- I knew that… I was just, uh- waiting for you, don’t wanna get lost out here...:”
He tried telling himself that he was only doing this because it’d be easier, his hand wouldn’t just be hanging in the way between them. It was only to make this easier, there was no meaning behind it.
I actually did a bit of research for this chapter. I hope it was worth it! All the angels that I mentioned by name were actually in the show, I had to go search for a few of them though because I wanted to be able to mention some by name. I really enjoyed it actually and yes I’m sorry Gabriel and Crowley and a few others were only briefly mentioned. Oops. But don’t worry! There will be time for that and I’m very much looking forward to it!
“Yup, I just needed a minute to uh… never mind,” he finished quickly, trying to look anywhere but in Dean’s direction, which really only ended up being a benefit for Dean.
“Well, I was able to wake up from that, because of Dean. I think he woke me up, unintentionally of course. All I know is that I could hear him calling my name, over and over again. He sounded as if he was in pain, pain that I caused and I- I knew I needed to help him.”
Cas was still avoiding eye contact with Dean, so Dean gently placed a hand on his shoulder, trying to get Cas to look at him again.
He headed to Mary’s heaven hoping that Jack was finished there, he needed to speak with Mary alone. He knocked on the door to the house when he got there, waiting for an answer. The door swung open only a few seconds later. A warm smile greeting him when she saw that it was him.
He was also too hungry to think about it too much and judging by the way that Miracle was whining over by his food dish making puppy eyes at Dean, he was too.
He didn’t jump in shock at being stared at or by the close proximity like he used to. He was beginning to get used to it by now, what with all those nights Castiel had been spending in his room since he’d returned. In all honesty, it would probably shock him more to not have the angel perched nearby.
“Castiel, I’m not stupid or blind. I saw the way you were with him when I was alive. I saw how you looked at him, how you looked at him the first time we met when you thought he was dead. I saw how tightly you held onto him. At first, I thought maybe it was nothing, but over time… well, it was not very subtle, so, don’t try denying it.”
Sam had gotten Eileen back and he could finally see a future for himself with her, could maybe even see them settling down and having a kid. Eileen had moved back into the bunker to be with Sam, and Dean wanted Sam to be happy, he wanted both of them to be happy. They deserved it and they had been through so much already that Dean didn’t want to burden him or Eileen with his issues, with his pain, but he couldn’t help his actions or his feelings.
A small smile spread across the angel's face at his words. His heart warmed inside. It was the sweetest thing he’d heard from the hunter. Maybe he was wrong before, maybe he was wrong for assuming how Dean felt.
Cas paused instantly at the sound of Dean’s voice but took a moment to actually turn around to face him.
As his eyes continued to adjust to the near-darkness of the room, Cas’ figure became more clear. It also helped that the dim light from outside the motel just so happened to be shining in and hit Cas’ figure almost perfectly.
Cas had managed to find his way back, the explanation of which only raised several alarming questions.
Opening the door to the room, he turned on the lights before walking in further. He just left the door open, maybe partly because he wanted to know when Dean was done with his shower.
“I did actually happen to consider how Mary may feel about the whole thing, and others as well. So, don’t assume that I did it without thinking because I did a hell of a lot of thinking when it came to this and that was even before I discussed it with Mary and Bobby.”
Cas tapped his egg once more on the counter, and then inspected the crack on the egg, glancing at Dean for his approval, still unsure if he was doing this right.
But then again... so many of the drawings were of him. It felt strange that Cas had drawn him so many times, in so many different ways, that he had no knowledge of it at all. Dean could tell by looking at them that at least a huge chunk of them had to be from memory. Sure, there were some of Dean, where it looked like he was sleeping, and maybe he should’ve found it creepy, but he didn’t. Maybe it was because Cas had been gone for so long by the time he found them and that this seemed to be one of the only things he had left of Cas back then, or maybe it was because it reminded him of the old Cas, the Cas who’d watch him sleep, sitting or standing there unblinking. Dean knew that Cas never really stopped doing that, not entirely. There had always been times that he caught the angel watching him, startling him a little - or a lot - when he woke up, but over time, as he got to know him more and more, as he grew to care about him, to love him... Over time it felt less creepy and got to a point where maybe he didn’t actually really mind, he might’ve just pretended that he did.
He had been so busy. At first, he had wanted to focus on heaven, to try and help there. Heaven needed him the most at the moment. It was dying and he needed to fix it. He knew that his presence in heaven was helping a lot, it was keeping things up and running, but he couldn’t stay there forever, so he needed to come up with a solution, and to him, there was really only one. They needed more angels. He knew it wouldn’t be easy, he knew it would take so much time and energy to do it right, to do it well. It couldn’t be like the last time when he tried angelically converting those human souls while he was being manipulated by Duma. It wasn’t a good way, it was wrong. Not all humans survived the process and it wasn’t fair to them to do this. No, he needed to start from scratch, just like Chuck had done in the beginning.
forgotten about the phone calls, and even then he hadn’t actually, for some stupid reason, considered that Cas had actually noticed. I mean why hadn’t he considered that? Maybe he was just so distracted by the fact that the angel was back and also, why hadn’t Cas brought it up before? Why hadn’t he asked about it? He could tell from this conversation he was having with Sam that he was curious about them.
Cas looked down, and again, his face was flushed within moments, but this time, at least Dean knew why it was happening.
Dean felt numb. He was devastated. He had gotten his angel back, he got to say those three words to him, he got to hold him. He was happy, finally happy again, there was hope and excitement and lust in his life again, but now that was gone. All of the pain, the suffering, the guilt...it all came flooding back. Dean felt like he was drowning, he was being torn apart from the inside from the anguish.
Dean walked towards it and bent down “Cas…” Dean said lowly, his voice wavering as he turned around, the stuffed animal now in his hands as he showed it to Cas.
Dean also knew that if anyone could understand what he was going through, Sam could come the closest. With Jess, and then Eileen, the poor guy has known what it’s like to lose someone you love. Someone you truly love. But Sam also wouldn’t understand fully. Who could understand? Dean lost the man that he’s been in love with for years. He doesn’t know when exactly he fell for this angel, but it’s felt like a lifetime. Dean’s long life, which has been far longer than it should have been, with all those years he spent in hell; those years themselves felt like forever ago, that was because it was before he met Cas, before he began to fall in love.
At that moment his brain decided to sabotage him, reminding him that Dean had actually worn these, that he’d worn them while Cas was in the same room as him and then his imagination took over. He was so fucking screwed.
Cas’ breath caught in his throat, his mouth opening and closing a few times before he shook his head, shaking himself out of it. He looks back down at the small box in his hands, pushing it towards Dean for him to take.
They didn’t question it, or at least not very much of it, not until he was done. They just listened to what Cas had to say and glad that he was even here to say anything at all. Still, none of the questions were about John, both Sam and Dean avoided asking about him, at least for tonight.
“Well, talking about something can also start the process of healing, plus I’ve also been told I’m a good listener.”
Dean turned around then and noticed that Cas’ eyes were focused intently on him. He seemed lost in his head.
They talked for a few minutes about how things had been going, what Claire had been doing these past few months. She’d taken a break from hunting for a bit, wanting to just spend some time at home and with Kaia since they got her back. Kaia hadn’t been too fond of the idea of going with Claire on hunts at first, so Claire decided maybe taking a break would be for the best. Claire told him that Jody was pretty relieved with that. She’d gotten a lot better with Claire going on hunts now, but she still worried. The conversation worked its way to Jody a bit more, even so much as Jody happening to stop by as they were talking. Claire gave her the news and Jody said a quick hello and stayed for a few minutes before she left.
I hope everyone is as happy as I am to finally have these two back together again and also that I wasn't the only one crying during the little Jack & Cas goodbye (I really love dad Cas so I couldn't resist and I need to say my goodbye to Jack properly)
Sam was up once again, for the fifth night that week, just standing in his doorway listening to his brother's cries. He thought back to the first night this happened, all those weeks ago.
“Are you alright, Dean? He asked, concern laced in his voice along with something else. “Is something the matter?”
After a few minutes, Dean heard Castiel mutter a quick goodbye to Sam before hanging up. He could also hear when Cas’ footsteps grew louder as he walked back towards the nightstand to return Dean’s phone.
“So…” Dean spoke, awkwardly breaking the silence and pointedly ignoring Sam’s wink. “Movie?” he suggested with a hopeful tone to his voice.
They talked about the movie as they went, Dean, asking Cas what he thought of it and if he liked it.
