Lestrade shuffled his feet even more than before as his embarrassment increased to unknown levels. Was there a point at which you could die of it? Greg didn't know but he was sure that if it was possible, he would be the one to find out from first hand experience, and probably today. It wasn't even bloody 10 am yet, and his coffee was no where near strong enough to deal with this dramatic shit. Sherlock peered around John's body and scoffed.
Sherlock, having sex. With John. Sherlock. How did they get from point A to B? Was it awkward? Did Sherlock just drop trousers and deduce John into a fit of passion? He just couldn't get his head round it. Did John order him about? Lestrade didn't know why, but he just couldn't visualise their sex life as something normal. God, he had just sometimes stupidly thought that he didn't even have genitalia, let alone sexual desires. He was a bloody alien, all slanting chameleon eyes and ridiculous limb proportioning. Sherlock. With John. Having sex. Penises....
Shit, he was getting off topic. He sighed and rubbed his eyes hard enough to create little blue spirals, destroying the images laid out on his eyelids. Back to the case. Back to the tapes... Oh fuck, there were another couple of images he was going to have burnt onto his retinas soon. Best get it over with; he did not want to dwell on his best friends sex life thanks very much, although he really couldn't help the curiosity.
“Greg… are you sure? Really? The freak and… God. We can’t watch this. We can’t. Who knows what’s on there, look: what could fill bloody five disks worth? Is it sick that I want to watch? Shit, I hate curiosity. Just imagine it… sitting here at your desk, me, you, another poor sod all huddled round watching them slowly begin their relationship, the first kiss, the first time they get off… Fuck. It’s sick. Moriarty is a sick twisted bastard; I never thought I’d feel sorry for the freak. Imagine john’s face though, Mr ‘I’m not gay’.” She ended her tirade by giggling slightly hysterically, looking at Greg like he could do anything about this.
"What he's trying to say, mate, is that if there is any way possible for this to be, I don't know, reduced to as little people and as little playback-slash-repeats of the damn things we would be extremely grateful."
For god sake this was taking too long! Who could have known how difficult this silly stuff was!? Sherlock huffed, looked away from John, entered his mind palace quickly and then found the document he was looking for. It was crumpled and ink stained, as if it had been handled numerous times: more scribbles and corrections than actual words.
"Oh John, I thought you would be delighted by it. Now you get to see my masturbatory habits as well." All three of the others choked on nothing. "Intriguing… maybe this would be an interesting experiment. After all, the comparison between methods could be enlightening… " He trailed off, muttering about the control variables and pressure vs angle of wrist theories.
John was actually quite touched by this. If even Sally could see past her prejudices, maybe others could as well, given time. But she was correct, john thought bitterly, he was the only one to believe in Sherlock's emotions, to see past the sociopathic front he put on. The only one to bother to nurture that neglected, shrivelled seed of intimacy and affection that was within his blackened heart.
“Sir?” she had a slight frown on her face, her frizzy hair somewhat dishevelled and dark circles around her eyes: the standard look of a frazzled police officer.
He was interrupted by a loud noise of frustration, a subsonic growl that, if Greg had known Sherlock any less, would have given him chills. As it were, he was seriously thinking of just leaving, so they could have their little chat in peace. Lestrade just hoped that no one would be in pieces after it.
"Oh well, glad to be of service to you then, you awkward git!" John said in mock outrage, before he grinned at the others who looked at him like he was crazy. He just shrugged at them: They never understood that Sherlock
He looked over at Sally and could see that she felt a bit bad as well, yet also pissed off at being part of Sherlock’s acidic diatribe. She was trying her best to ignore John and was pouting at the screen instead. She started a little as the camera changed and lost that expression quickly, calling Lestrade to focus as he was distracted by a silent conversation with John.
- Lestrade spluttering something about tapes and letters and how he was sorry about watching something-
“I’m sorry, I really am sally but I need you here. 1: you’ve already watched and I can’t let you out of this room without signing some crappy paperwork: I’m not saying you would, but this could be all-round the office like a bad smell if I’m not careful, you get me? 2: you’re my second witness, I should legally have a third in here but… this needs to stay hush-hush with as few people as possible for now. God, I’m gonna have to go through all these at least twice. And 3: my most important bloody one, I am not sitting in this room by myself with Sherlock and John watching this, no sodding way. Not after Sherlock has tried his best to become the ‘Highly-functioning sociopath’” As sally listened, her sullen expression decreased until her face screwed up in slight horror.
“That was the moment you knew, wasn’t it?” John whispers reverently into the air between them, and Sherlock huffs out a long breath as he leans his head against blonde and grey silk.
"Right, well. Boys, I got limited options here. I might be able to get the repeats down to two, and I think I can get away with just us four watching it, unless anything... Illegal occurs. Is there anything you can think of that would be described as such?"
Before Lestrade or Donovan could comment, sounds reverberated from the speakers of the room, harsh thudding steps and squeaks followed by the creak of a door being pushed open tentatively. The original vision cut across the screen; illustrating Sherlock jumping slightly as the light was suddenly turned on, the brightness a shock after the dark that he had been wallowing in. John stepped through, peering around for Sherlock before going further into the room to stand in the middle with his back to the secret lens. You could see that his clothes, now illuminated by the better light, were filthy. His arms were bare after he had already ripped off his jacket, and he was bleeding due to several lacerations up the back of the appendages. His elbows especially: they were skinned and rubbed raw, as if he had fallen on his back to the ground or dug through rubble.
She turned to look at the two men in question and found them staring intently at each other, John's face a mask of stubbornness that even Sherlock could not break. Sherlock was stuck: beyond the normal details, and passed those of which he had deduced, he had no concrete idea as to what had John so... Skittish. He wasn't a mind reader, after all. His partner wasn't usually so reticent, having been in the army for a long while and growing up playing boys sports, which didn't really allow for shyness of any sort. It wasn't to do with the fact that the two yard employees would see him naked then. But that didn't correlate with his other data! Frustrated, Sherlock leaned closer to John, a hand coming up to prop his head in a comfortable position. With his eyes narrowing, Sherlock began to parse through the bog of emotions and things taken for granted that clouded his mind.
"Sherlock, bit not good love. Might not want to threaten the detective inspector that has a documentation of our whole relationship. Leaves way too many embarrassing stories he could use for blackmail."
"I'm asking now," he finally looked over at John, making eye contact and keeping it, trying to show his lover how sorry he was without words. "How long?"
” Sherlock, of course, was wide awake straight away, the only evidence of his rest was a large yawn emitted as he rolled slightly to encompass his bed mate in his long arms. Sherlock was amazed every time he woke up next to John; he couldn’t believe he was actually here, 8 months down the line, still in a relationship. Him, THE Sherlock Holmes. God the sentiment was repulsive, but he would bear it for John. Speaking of which… “John its Lestrade, answer it, nooow!” as he was speaking, he softly butted his chin against the top of the doctor's head, keeping rhythm with his whining, a soft smirk gracing his angular face.
She was mortified, Greg could see it. He didn’t know the fine details of why, didn’t know whether it was about pity, disgust at their relationship, disgust at Moriarty or what.  He hoped it was a mixture of the former and the latter, she might come across as a bit of a bitch to Sherlock but she wasn’t homophobic, at least he didn’t think she was. Her hand was covering her mouth which was gaping slightly, and her eyes were trained relentlessly on the DVD cases sitting casually on the desktop, and flickered to and fro from them to the DVD that was resting in the player on a stand to the left of the desk.
A vein could be seen pumping in John's temple. A grin was plastered on his face, but it was anything but friendly as the deadly silence and the fire in John's eyes pulled Sherlock into focus, a black hole.
"Okay enough of this, let's just play the them, we can worry about the red tape surrounding this cluster-fuck later. Right, let's get this over with. God help me."
Lestrade whistled as he swivelled around on his office chair to face John. He could not stand to bear witness to this level of sexual tension, causing him to babble slightly.
“Fuck, boss that’s all the reason you do need. Urgh. It’s gonna be bad enough with the two of us here.”
"Now you listen to me Sherlock Holmes. I may have loved you for a long time, but I would never have left you. I would have stayed. Of course I would have stayed, you git. You aren't just the love of my life, you're also my best friend, and I would have done anything to stay by your side. Maybe I'd get over it eventually, or tried to. I would not have pined for you from afar like some stupid teenage girl for ages, I did date other women you know. Our life would go on as normal, with us chasing criminals, me chasing skirts and you getting shot at on a weekly basis. Something would have happened, I'm sure of it. Some trigger. I am a bit surprised though, that you didn't figure it out. Christ I…"
John entered the room, which turned out to be the dining room. Seated at the table was Greg, Sally, and after a moment, Mycroft. Kylie took a seat next to the empty chair that was reserved for John. He wasn't sitting down. Mycroft held his hand out and motioned for John to take his seat.
"Yes, we were! Why didn't you just tell me that it was you when I was calling your name through the door?"
Sherlock cut him off mid-sentence by whisking off towards his bedroom. “Just let me grab a few things and we’ll be off.”
There was knocking on the door and so that cut our private time short. You gave me a soft smile and another kiss on the cheek as you stood up to answer the door. I never knew what went on in your head.
“I watched myself spend every waking moment to bring you down. Subtlety is vital. He was never in the frontlines, he hid in plain sight. Acted normally, a passing face on the side of the street, and you never realized until it was too late.
A few minutes later, Kylie came out of her room dressed in a pair of blue jeans, and a pink and white striped shirt. She needed John's help with her hair. He managed to make a ponytail out of her long tresses, he had to take her to get her hair cut. Maybe Mrs. Hudson could do it, she used to cut Sherlock's hair for him and did a pretty good job too. He would have to ask Kylie sometime this week. He slid on her denim jacket and gave her a kiss on the cheek. She gave him a smile and returned one of his own.
“Moriarty wouldn’t let up, he turned my name into a joke, made me look like a fraud, and everybody turned against me. All I had was John in the end, that’s all I ever have in the end. I had no choice, he was going to kill John, and I couldn’t let him do that. Not to my John. I…jumped off of the roof of St. Barts, and made it look like I killed myself. I considered every other alternative but they wouldn’t have worked.”
"I'm not sure. What I do know is that the same people who attacked you outside of the flat also got Watson and me. I awoke here bound to that chair and disoriented as the drug corrupted my mind. However, if we are in the same room, surely they are together as well."
John turned his body as much as he could with Sherlock resting on his thighs, already riding his right thigh with excitement. To John’s amazement, in Sherlock’s pocket there was a bottle of travel-sized lube. He shook it off and immediately flipped open the lid and squirted some onto his hand. He quickly rubbed along his penis, sending shocks of pleasure, along with precome, through him as he applied the lubricant. He threw the bottle to the floor making a short reminder to pick it up before they leave, but Sherlock was panting and begging John to enter him.
The Doctor and John looked at each other, silently debating on whether or not they should allow him to come.
John drummed his fingers on the desk. Sherlock didn’t show up to the office for lunch. John headed out and grabbed a cup of tea with a pastry and ate with butterflies in his stomach. He fished his phone out of his pocket and called Sherlock. The phone rang three times before Sherlock picked up.
John’s eyes honed on those lips yet again. The way they enunciated every syllable of his words, the expressiveness of them. John licked his own in the hopes that he would always remember the taste of them. He wished that he didn’t end it so quickly, he wished that he had more courage, he was a soldier dammit! He’s treated the worst wounds, survived an almost fatal gun wound and yet he couldn’t tell his best friend and flatmate that he loved him. He shook his head when he saw Sherlock’s concerned expression.
“I…I should have seen it coming, Sherlock. I should…I did see it coming. You became so quiet when I visited you, and you weren’t eating much, complained that it didn’t sit well with you. You…you barely moved when I was there. You just smiled and listened to me talk and I knew, love that you didn’t have much longer. You were so weak and you looked so fragile, everything you hated, I should say. I would ask for you, and the nurse would take me to your room, per ritual, and there you would be, awaiting my presence with that smile on your face. You watched me as I took a seat, sometimes I would bring Kylie with me, other times I wouldn’t. I would great you casually, and you would reply verbally, and most times, you would just nod your head in acknowledgement. The air between us was tense, not because we had issues with our relationship, but neither of us knew how to react. What was I going to say to you? How was I going to bring up conversation without those horrid thoughts distracting me, Sherlock? How could you sit there with that calm and collected face while you fell apart inside? How could both of us do it?
'I understand, John.' The words were simple, but they held so much meaning for you and me. I kissed you again and then walked over to the other side of the bed, you knew what I was doing and so you moved over so that I could have room to lie with you. It was still fairly early outside, the sun was just about to set and you were already sleeping because of the medicine that you were given and also, the fact that you were ill. I didn't fall asleep until much later that night. I was thinking about everything, you would have to have chemotherapy, if your cancer was aggressive enough. You wouldn't be able to go on cases anymore, you would have to be stuck solving cases via files, I would need help from the others so that I could take care of Kylie and you. I knew how unhappy you would be, but I was prepared to help you through it. The last thing, I remember doing, was placing a gentle kiss on your clammy forehead and then closed my eyes. The scent of your hair filled my nostrils that night. A smell that I ache for now, Sherlock..."
John folded the letter back up and then placed it back in the envelope. He bit his lip as he set it on top of the mound of dirt, and buried it with one hand. He rose back up and tried to think of something to say.
“You could if you so desired to, and I can see by the looks on your faces, that’s your plan. But I have more of the angels stored here, and they seem to enjoy feeding off of my time energy, I would imagine that it is in your best wishes to not upset them, right?”
He takes a sip. As soon as he does it he regrets it, he looks to his left and sees Sherlock staring at him with those sad eyes again. John's smile is bitter as he stares at the empty glass.
You spent a lot of your time on your laptop, which is how I knew that you weren’t lost in your thoughts, because you were moving and seemed to be aware that you were doing it. I tried to read the paper; I had a few moments before Kylie woke up and I decided to use it to get some reading time in. Every so often I would look back at you sat at the table and typing away at your keyboard. I always felt sorry for the poor laptop; you showed no mercy while you were typing. You would stop, and then you would scrutinize whatever it was that popped up on your screen, and begin anew. I wanted to go over there and ask you how you were doing, and what you were doing on the laptop. I opted not to because you would no doubt dismiss me and give me the vaguest answers you could possibly manage. You wanted to be left alone, and I wanted to give you your space to think this over, to get your mental bearings on the whole situation.
Sherlock feared that if he opened his mouth, then he would start bawling and John didn’t deserve that. John only smiled and pushed back the curls on his forehead.
“After that talk with Harry, I decided that you know, maybe it wouldn’t hurt to ask you, to try and convince you that you had nothing to hide from me. That we were in this together, you always needed reassurance on that. Normally, I wouldn’t listen to her, but that was one of the few times she was actually sober enough to make sense.
“That sounds absolutely splendid, I’m…I’m so happy for you…” Watson trailed off on the last part. John took this opportunity to ask his own question.
What he wanted right now was to curl up in his uncomfortable guest bed and go to sleep. At least a solid three hours' worth. But then he thought back to the Doctor coming back to him and Sherlock at such a late hour. He exhaled and removed his hand from Sherlock's curls and faced the Doctor completely.
“For what it’s worth, I’m glad you didn’t die”. Oh God. That’s even worse. It makes the whole situation seem flippant, casual, almost funny, when in reality, it is the most since statement that Sherlock has ever uttered in his entire life. Also it brings the attention back to the fact that Mary did die, highlighting the fact that he still hasn’t responded to any of John’s other sudden declarations.
Sherlock is positive John has nothing on his schedule, and even if he did, he always cancels his plans for the promise of a case.
Sherlock has wanted this moment for so long, dreamed about it, thought about it more than he likes to admit, despite his constant efforts st keeping his mind under control. But he never thought that it would actually happen.
“Really?” John seems genuinely surprised. “I would’ve thought you’d have liked having the place to yourself again. Focus on the work without all my drama slowing you down.”
Pressing matters such as a certain blonde army doctor who is somehow causing his entire body to tingle with pleasure despite only having two hands and one tongue... and… is that… oh God it is… the rather large bulge that’s currently nestled against his right thigh.
As his notes are dying down, he decides on a whim to continue by playing Handel’s Ombra Mai Fù. John unaware of the transition, still concentrating his attention completely on Sherlock’s face, his hands. An expression of awe and amazement on his face, as if Sherlock is explaining the mysteries of the universe, rather than plucking at some strings.
Sherlock wants desperately to look away but for some reason he cannot seem to break eye contact. He has never been so vulnerable with someone before, and he feels naked and exposed. He almost wishes he could take the words back but they still remain, fluttering overhead.
“I didn’t put my life on hold John. These past years, you… this…” he gestures to the flat that has always been theirs “... it has become my life.”
“She was the one that was supposed to feel grief. I was supposed to leave her. She took everything from me. And she went and died and made me feel bad about not being there in time...”
As he goes to leave, he turns at the door and is stopped in his tracks at the image of John, lying on his back, one arm draped lazily over his forehead, lips slightly parted, eyes closed. Comfortable. Warm. Safe.
What if he’s getting ready to let Sherlock down easy? If he’s not saying anything because he doesn’t want to hurt Sherlock’s feelings? If at least he still cares about Sherlock that much?
“No, no, it’s no trouble. This experiment was a wash anyway, I lost interest days ago.” More like never had any interest at all because thoughts of John kept popping up insead.
John continues to process for what feels like an eternity, the confusion in his eyes deepening before slowly fading, becoming replaced by an emotion Sherlock has never seen before, that he can’t quite place.
Finally, after 510 minutes and 43 seconds, as he is still holding the bow, playing into the air, staring into the city coming to life below, John emerges. His walk is slow, unsure but deliberate. Sherlock doesn’t move, almost afraid John will keep walking right out the door, but he stops, hesitating near his chair. Then takes a few more tentative steps forward until he’s standing less than an arm’s length away. He’s silent, observing, contemplating. If Sherlock turned around and reached out he could touch him. He could caress his cheek, run his finger along his bottom lip. He could stroke his arm, pull him in for a hug. He could step forward and press their bodies together. He could look into John’s eyes and let John look back, let John see the compassion and affection and fear that he’s going to mess this up and love that exists in them. He could do any one of 87 different scenarios.
“No. It wasn’t. That’s the point.” His voice doesn’t change in volume, but it has a certainty to it now. One that leaves no room for debate. “You have to stop being so hard on yourself. It wasn’t nothing. It was definitely something. Something no other person did for me, which makes you the most human human being I know. When was the last time you’ve even taken on a case because you wanted to?
Sherlock waits a beat, then offers a simple “no” in response as acknowledgement. Of course he didn’t have to come. But where else would he go, what else could possibly be more important than John? His best friend. His only friend. He wishes he could reach out and offer encouragement, something to show John how much he means to him, how broken he would be without him, how broken he is without him. To find some way to express to John that none of this is in any way his fault, that Mary would want him to still find some way to live, to help him somehow begin to heal. But, of course, he says nothing. He hates himself for it. Conversation, sentiment, has definitely never been his area and he’s sure he would just make the situation worse.
John lazily rubs his thumb along Sherlock’s closed cock, clearly pleased with the effect it’s having. The sensations are almost overwhelming.
Tomorrow John will go back to his house, he’ll go back to never mentioning Mary, back to keeping his feelings bottled up, back to awkward conversations when he even sees Sherlock at all.
He thinks about all the times John has surprised him, astounded him, He remembers what he had started to say the time John had last heard The Woman’s text, before he was interrupted by John’s vision of Mary. All these years. All the looks, all the selfless acts, all the brief touches, haven’t been enough. It is time to finally say it out loud.
All too soon they arrive and Sherlock manages to wake John up enough to half drag him through the door. As they ascend the first few steps, his mind is immediately pulled back to John’s stag night, into what now seems like a different lifetime. He barely remembers what they talked about, something about “international reputations” and “Hudders”, but he remembers laughing. He remembers feeling safe, accepted, comfortable. He had pretended to have had a horrible time the next morning for John’s sake, but in reality it was the happiest he’d ever been. Even more surprising, given that he wasn’t thinking about work at all. Who could have guessed that after all those years surrounding himself with more and more cases in an attempt to challenge himself, all he really needed was one night of having a certain, stout army doctor all to himself again, one night of seeing him laugh, of watching him let at least one of the walls that he do determinedly surrounded himself with down?
John doesn’t seem to mind. Sherlock wants to continue the tour to his chest, but doing so would require at least an inch between their bodies, and holyfuckinghell that is so not an option at the moment.
Fourteen thousand eight hundred and seventy two. That’s the number of minutes it’s been since Sherlock last saw John smile. Two hundred and forty eight hours. Over 10 days.
Because he has finally found a way to make John laugh again. And he unquestionably refuses to ever let a case, or a psychopath assassin fiance, or an underground terrorist network ever become a higher priority than that.
He topples over towards Sherlock and manages to catch himself at the last moment, his hand reaching out to grab Sherlock’s shoulder to propel himself back upward. His hand remains as he continues, raising his other index finger to waggle it in Sherlock’s direction. “You...keep me right.” He seems overcome with the effort it’s taking to make even the slightest movements and allows his head to fall bonelessly against his chest. His eyes close.
As Sherlock shifts his position, matching John’s thrusts, both of them becoming more breathless, John breaks free and pulls back slightly, Sherlock’s wrapped arms around his waist holding him in place.  “We don’t have to… I mean if you don’t want to..”. His eyes are dark, pupils dilated. His voice is deep and rough, and for all his valiant efforts at forcing the words out, he is still slightly thrusting against Sherlock, seemingly without realizing it.
Instead, John’s eyes are still open and defenseless, his guard completely down. His lips are swollen and ruby red, a stark contrast to the cold air. As his tongue comes out to subconsciously lick his lips, Sherlock can’t help but follow it with his eyes.
But then John looks down at his bottle as if he’s forgotten about it and Sherlock is tired of sitting there doing nothing. Tired of not being able to help. He may not be able to make everything ok again, but he sure as hell can save John’s life tonight. And tomorrow night. And every night after that for as long as John will tolerate him.
Sherlock almost wimpers it’s so perfect. Despite all his fantasies, he never let himself dare to dream that this could happen in real life. One hand is still behind John’s neck, the other roaming experimentally, up John’s thigh, down his back, thumb coming dangerously close to pressing underneath his trousers, fingers splayed against his arse.
For a brief millisecond, Sherlock is concerned that he did something wrong, but John’s closed eyes, elevated pulse, and ragged breathing soon lead to the obvious deduction that he’s simply trying to get himself under control.
John settles back and crosses his legs. He still seems a bit on edge, as if he’s contemplating saying something else. Instead, he softly smiles again, this time meeting Sherlock’s eyes and Sherlock almost stumbles backward. He’s missed that look so much. How could he possibly have taken it for granted? So full of warmth and trust and admiration, a look that unequivocally says there’s no place in the world he’d rather be. With Sherlock, of all people.
Sherlock settles on an original composition he’s been working on. Based on John. Obviously. What else? Everything he’s too much of a coward to say out loud. It begins slow, mimicking his own hesitation and trepidation at letting this ridiculous army doctor intrude upon his life and get closer to him than anyone ever has. Soon, it begins to build up speed, the notes reminiscent of all their chases through the streets of London, creschenos building as John saves his life, as the criminal is apprehended, as adrenaline takes hold. Again. And again.
He checks his phone for the fifth time, making sure his message went through. “Come at once”. Sent at 16:34. It was now 18:02. He knows John has been off work for four hours, and he desperately wants to make sure he is ok, but he doesn’t want to just show up at his house uninvited. That’s not what people do. Is it? He doesn’t know anything anymore when it comes to John. He doesn’t know how to make him happy, He doesn’t even know what he’d say, if he’d even be welcome. Maybe John has someone over, maybe he’s finally starting to move on with someone else after Mary.
All he knows is, John can't finish that second bottle. If somehow, miraculously, the alcohol alone isn’t enough to kill him, who knows what that level of inhibition would do to his already fragile mental state. When he's drunk he becomes painfully honest, angry.
As torturous as it was to give that speech knowing he could never say what he really felt, the one small mercy was that he never had to hear John say those words to Mary either. Still, he must have when they were alone.
Sherlock absentmindedly realizes it has started snowing as John leans back on the bench and slides down until he almost falls off.
He hesitates another beat, tenderly resting his hand on the doorframe, capturing this moment in his mind palace where it will always remain, no matter what tomorrow brings.
John, clearly experienced and pleased at finally having the advantage, somehow manages to smirk proudly when a particularly deft tongue motion gets Sherlock to actually groan out loud and sink slightly down on the table.
He turns for the first time and clumsily places his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “I’m so sorry about that by the way. Blaming you. It’s not your fault. It’s my fault. You were right. I chose her. It’s always my fault.” He makes a feeble attempt to laugh again, but by now the situation is distinctly not humorous and it turns into a coughing fit instead. Finally, he just sighs and leans forward, haphazardly running his foot along the ground, seemingly trying to conjure up enough courage for what he’s about to say.
Outwardly, he manages “I- I can play something for you now. If you’d like? Didn’t want to wake you earlier”.
All of these various thoughts filter through Sherlock’s brain in a matter of seconds, and before long, maybe realizing Sherlock is simply sitting there immobilized, maybe finally realizing who he’s kissing, more likely feeling dizzy and sick as the alcohol continues to take affect, John slowly pulls back and sits up. Sherlock braces himself for the look of disgust in John’s eyes, for perhaps a slurred apology or some other indication of regret, but it doesn’t come.
John stands and walks over to the kitchen. “No, don’t trouble yourself. I’m fine. Really, God knows you’ve done enough already-”
Something about his tone makes Sherlock freeze. He looks into John’s eyes trying to deduce something, anything, but it is impossible. So many walls up. How many sledgehammers would it take to knock them all down? Would he ever even have permission to?
Sherlock completely understands the desire to forget and escape reality. He will never judge John for wanting to let go; his own drug-filled past makes such an act impossible. But he’s clean now because of John, and he will damn well do everything in his power to ensure John does not fall into the pit of addiction that is almost impossible to escape.
Even though John clearly didn't like talking about his feelings, he obviously had them. And of course tonight John would be contemplating what he viewed to be his mistakes, even though none of what had happened was technically his fault. He would view himself as a failure.
So he really does despise her. That’s new information. Perhaps it is still him dealing with his grief.
John licks his lip deliberately, grinning when Sherlock reluctantly tears his eyes away to follow the movement. They both lean forward at the same second, and then their eyes are closed as their lips connect and they both sigh.
Sherlock still has not really reciprocated, except for his body’s continual betrayal by refusing to allow him to close his mouth in the slightest. His hands remain on the bench, his eyes open, finally regaining their sense of sight only to start cataloguing each movement. John’s golden hair shines under the faint glow of a nearby street lamp. His eyes are closed, his hands clutched desperately to Sherlock's coat, pulling himself closer and closer, almost as if he were trying to melt into Sherlock's body as a final desperate attempt to escape his own.
He remembers his mother talking about this piece when he was younger. It was her favorite; one her and Mr. Holmes had slow danced to on their third date. She always had a wistful tone when she spoke of it, saying it was the sound of love beginning, the notes innocent and plaintive. He used to scoff, brushing her off as a hopeless romantic, but now he finds the notes are perfect.
It is so much better than last night. It’s focused and slow, with no looming shadow that it’s about to end, that John will regain his senses any moment and stop. Sherlock is allowed to touch and reciprocate and catalogue each sensation without any pesky feelings of guilt.
But he was also open, vulnerable, affectionate. Sherlock is allowed to gaze at him, to touch him, to smell him, to bring him back to Baker Street like the old days, like nothing has changed.
He knows he could easily get addicted to finding all the things. Chase the high of discovering the many noises John Watson makes forever without getting bored.
Fifteen minutes, eighteen seconds. That’s the length of time before the music comes to its natural end, before Sherlock can no longer pretend he’s doing anything but stalling. Each second, Sherlock searching John’s face for signs of boredom or impatience. Each time being surprised when he finds none.
“I shoulda married you ya know”, a singly husky bark of a laugh, devoid of all humor, escapes John as he sloppily sits up, waving the bottle as he looks off into the distance again. “You’re a bloody sociopath too but at least I mighta been happy”.
At least before he knew what he was missing, he could pretend, try to make himself believe that friendship was enough, that physical contact, while fulfilling for ordinary people, would just be a useless distraction from his work. That feeling John, kissing John would be no different than his other encounters, and ultimately unsatisfying.
“Ya know, the truth is I was just jealous. Of my wife and my best friend. How cliche is that? I mean, I get why you liked her. I get why you texted her that night. She’s so much better at helping you than I ever was. I shoulda been the one who went first. I shoulda died”.
Funny, when he decided not to tell John he was alive after jumping, all he could think of was not jeopardizing his plan, that nothing was more important than taking down Moriarty’s network. He never could have conceived that John would actually greive. Certainly never imagined that he would so easily find someone else to commit his life too, given his prior history with relationships up until then. Didn’t realize it would bother him so much that he did.
John breathes a sigh of relief and quietly, confidently goes “Good. Because I love you too you bloody idiot.”
Now, however, Sherlock is pacing the floor of 221B. Mrs. Hudson had tried to interrupt with food or something equally tedious, but a well flung tea cup into the door frame above her head had sent her scurrying. Mycroft had called earlier in the day, reminding him that tonight was a danger night for John, the anniversary of when John had met Mary. “Sentiment”, he had explained dryly to Sherlock, but for once, Sherlock understood. Mary was the only person John had ever truly loved, the person who was supposed to be different, the person who was supposed to help him get over his trust issues. If Sherlock ever stooped to something as pedestrian as marriage (not likely), he knew that he would hate it if the person had betrayed his trust.
He turns back, expecting John to be upset, possibly violent, but instead he is sitting, eyes open and vulnerable, confusion etched into every line of his face, staring intently at Sherlock as if he’s attempting to solve a complicated puzzle.
Ten minutes twenty three seconds. The idiotic cab driver continually ignores Sherlock’s incessant demands that expediency is vital, muttering something about slippery roads and the impending storm. The promise not to tell his wife of 20+ years about his affair with her younger sister gets him a string of curses shouted in French, but also finally increases the speed slightly. Finally, he can see a shape in the distance, and he’s out of the car before it even comes to a complete stop, a wad of bills thrown in the driver’s general direction.
712. That’s the number of John’s heartbeats Sherlock can register in the silent cab, the snow falling outside making the experience seem almost dreamlike. He wonders for a brief moment if it is actually in his head. He’s always worried about one day getting so deep into his mind palace that he can’t differentiate between it and reality.
Sherlock plans to run but the sight of John as he approaches immediately makes him grind to a halt. He’s still in the exact same spot that he was in the picture, slightly more slumped, staring into the freezing darkness. He hasn’t noticed Sherlock, and, thankfully, the bottle looks almost as full as it did before.
“No. Of course not. Much too quiet. The skull’s not cutting it now that I’ve gotten used to having you around.” It’s meant to come out as a joke but somehow he can’t quite make his voice relaxed enough. John forces a smile anyway, blinking as if to process this new information. Then he blinks again and touches his head slightly.
It’s too late to turn back now. Sherlock stares at John and nods again, already preparing an explanation in case this has gone too far. He needs to assure him that this won’t alter their friendship in any way.
John has one hand on Sherlock’s cheek and keeps the other on his hip, almost as if he’s afraid that if he lets go Sherlock will vanish. That, or he’s just focusing all his attention on Sherlock’s mouth instead, which is equally plausible given the intensity with which he’s maneuvering his lips and tongue.
Now, for the first time ever, he is certain John is never going to leave this flat. Not in the next 24 hours at least, and, even then, definitely not alone.
Then, suddenly, John’s other hand slips lower and it’s him holding onto Sherlock as Sherlock almost bucks off the table.
Without thinking, Sherlock shifts slightly, angling his leg upward to the right and not-so-subtly providing friction directly against said bulge.
John's breath hitched in his throat. He looked at Kylie, who shrank into her chair. She looked absolutely terrified.
"Yes, yes you both look ravishing now let's go, I want to get out of here as quickly as possible..."
He hated the music, the awful, loud, ancient sounds of the organ as it played the timeless song that every wedding had. John wished that he had told her to play something different, something that wasn’t overused, but then again, he doubted that she knew any other song than the one she was playing at the moment. His eyes wandered back over to the aisle and his smile grew tenfold. There was Sherlock, and just like he had pictured, arm in arm with his older brother. John was spot-on with the solemn, almost melancholic face, he could relate, Harry was wearing the same one as well. To the two siblings, it felt as if they were losing their brothers to the bonds of matrimony, coming to terms with the fact that they were no longer children who needed constant care and affection, or to be cleaned up after, because, not only did Sherlock and John have each other for that, they were also grown men and have learned how to do all those things on their own. Sherlock still needed a bit of help on some of them. John wondered what it looked like to the two older siblings. Were Sherlock and John still the same that they were as children? Were they still the children, the babies that they’ve always viewed them as? Did they look like two five year olds dressed in tuxedos twice as big as their small bodies? How much are they hurting inside, how much were they dreading this day that they knew was going to happen sometime in their lives? Didn’t they know that everything was going to be okay in the end?
She winked and left the flat without making a sound. If she was a bit younger, and really wanted to, she could've made the best thief in London.
Sherlock looked reluctant to continue. John didn’t want to force the answer out of him, but he didn’t want Sherlock to think he had to suffer in silence. John sighed and said, “Fine, we’ll do things your way. Whenever you want to talk, I’m here, okay?”
I shook my head and told him that the small box was for me, it was a watch. The other box was for him and he looked honestly shocked.
John was surprised when he saw Sally and Anderson walk into the church with Greg. They were dressed accordingly, and they looked somber enough. John was angry at them. All the times they sneered at, taunted, mocked, and harassed Sherlock while he was alive, and they had the gall to show up as if they were good friends with him. John had half a mind to tell them to leave, but they paid their respects and left as soon as they were done. At least they knew their limits.
‘When are you due for your next appointment?’ I was curious now; you couldn’t blame me for that now could you?
They were all shocked at the sudden change in mood, but followed his orders as they stared at the angel statue.
John sat back in his chair. His eyes wide like Sherlock punched him in the face. It was true, they were very intimate behind closed doors, but that’s only because they had to take care of Rosie, and had not had much time to go anywhere with each other. Had Sherlock misread this entire date? Or was this more of his self-consciousness triggered by all the years of loneliness and ridicule that he faced before John? The blond thinks the latter.
You were annoyed, more specifically at me. Mrs. Hudson was still latched to you, bawling her eyes out so it made it harder for you to move.
The husbands pulled away quickly. Their faces were burning red from the lack of privacy The Doctor gave them.
As if things weren't hectic enough, I got a call, it was from Lara, she said that she was at the hospital with Susanne. My eyes darted over to you, you seemed anxious as I talked with her. You wanted to know what the problem was, that our baby was okay. I asked, and to my relief, Lara said that the baby was okay. I asked her about being in hospital, and she told me that Susanne went into labor a few hours ago. About the same time we started the case. She wasn't supposed to be due yet, Kylie was going to be premature.
The Doctor stood in the front the two, he could tell that John wasn't ready for this and he needed his own time to process all the new information himself, and Holmes's badgering wasn't helping one bit. With a genial smile, The Doctor said, "I think that's enough questions for now. My pal John needs a few minutes to accept the startling news that I dropped and I'm sure your Watson needs to come to terms as well so if you don't mind, I'll be taking him out now."
‘Not tonight, besides, Kylie might wake up and it would be best if one of the parents were around to watch her.’ You stated in your factual tone.
John was trying to calm him down as much as possible. He didn’t feel like being at the center of the public’s attention at the moment.
"Let me tell you a few things about Moriarty. This is the same man, albeit a different version of him, that forced Sherlock, my Sherlock, to jump off the roof of a hospital and commit suicide. This is the same man who almost blew me up when we first met and who almost had Sherlock think that I was him. This is the same man who spent two months tarnishing Sherlock for who he is and what he does, and then proceeded to pose as an actor who was simply doing Sherlock's bidding."
They were right, weren’t they? He was dangerous, some people feared him, he’s blown up planets, and he’s had people die for him when they only knew his name. Most of his companions either got out with their lives, or they died. He’s seen more deaths than a man should, especially the deaths of the ones he cared about. Of course they would opt out, they liked living, and they would rather perform the same morning ritual rather than risk being shot at by Daleks, or turned into Cybermen. But he hated being alone. The TARDIS is so much better with people in it, not a lone space man with too many memories he could do without. But he still managed to give one of those goofy smiles and prayed silently that they didn’t look directly into his eyes and see through him.
Also, thank you all for having the patience of a saint in waiting for these updates. I'm done with school for the summer so I have more time to write!
John awoke later that night to the sound of moans and whispers. Rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, he moved to turn the lamp on to see what the noise was. As soon as dim light spread around the room, he saw the Doctor sitting on Sherlock's bed, with said person making the noises that woke John up. John was wide awake now. He jumped out of the bed which was a lot easier since he wasn't under the covers, and ran over to his ailing lover. The Doctor looked over at him and his face read the exact same expressions that John had coursing through him at the moment too.
“I’m going to have a shower and make some dinner. The box is there whenever you want to open it, oh! Sally says, ‘happy Christmas’ by the way.”
“Sherlock did. He came home from a case later that day, and he saw her…lifeless corpse all twisted and misshapen lying on the floor.”
‘I…I’m sure you’re all confused as to why you’re here,’ I began,’ And now that Sherlock’s here, I can tell you.’
Sherlock was grinning at John’s statement. What came next was the familiar sensation of tears forming in his eyes. He sniffled and hastily moved to wipe away the tears falling. John’s hand moved to his cheek, and helped him wipe some of the tears away.
But then Moriarty showed up, and all of that mess happened on top of St. Barts, and I had to watch you…”
"Come on, I grow tired of standing here. I have yet to tell you what I intend to do with you, the both of you."
“I don’t ever want you to forget okay? Now, what would you like to do? We can watch something, or we can just lie in bed, it’s all up to you.”
Holmes’s voice grew serious, as did his face. He returned to his usual praying mantis position and let the questions flood his mind. There were so many things he wanted to ask him, but there was the one question pressing at the back of his head.
Your surgery was two days from then, and I wanted you all to myself before the day came. After your procedure, things weren’t the same.”
Sherlock smiled at his reflection in the clear mirror. The sunlight shone through the sheer curtains, giving him a beautiful and shimmering glow. His eyes seemed brighter, they couldn't decide on a color so he was forced to walk around with blue-green eyes for the day. He didn't mind one bit. His hair seemed to be shades lighter than usual. It was browner, and didn't look as black as everyone thought it was. He added a few more curls, just for the hell of it. John loved his curly hair, so that meant that Sherlock loved his curly hair. But as he was making the final adjustments, he let his mind wander to the events that took place before.
He hears Sherlock say that to him in his head. If Sherlock thinks it could work, then maybe, just maybe it would.
"We use....cars. Automobiles that you drive, they can be powered by gasoline, solar light, well...anything really."
‘Why not?’ My voice was gruff. I was tired, stressed, and sad. Talking seemed to only wear me out even more. But this was the most you ever spoke in almost a month, and I was going to listen to every word you said.
John ran over to the door that Watson was trying to approach earlier when he thought he was alone. John rested both of his hands on top of the wooden door and pressed his ear against it.
You woke up well into the am hours. You looked better, and you even started your experiments up again. Little did I know that a month later, you would be right back in the hospital again…
A glass of whiskey will be consumed after Kylie goes to bed. Maybe Sherlock will come back and wrap his arms around him again. Maybe John could feel the happiness he hasn't had since Sherlock's death. What is he saying, he has Kylie, Kylie is his daughter, she loves him unconditionally, he has to love her, he needs to love her; He needs Sherlock, Oh god, he needs him. Kylie runs out of the room wearing her pyjamas. A blue tank top and some decently-fitted shorts. She had her stuffed animal in her hand, her stuffed teddy she named Koda after watching the movie Brother Bear. Her hair was tucked behind her ears; she stared at John with a look of exasperation.
Holmes awoke with a jump. As his senses were returning to him, he took in every detail he could to deduce his location. Who knows how long he was out? He tried moving but then realized that he was bound to a chair. His wrists were tied together with rope, as were his feet. He felt unharmed, minus the small headache he was getting. His vision became clearer, he looked around again to find another person seated next to him. That person was none other than Sherlock. He was passed out, with his head slumped down and body limp. That’s why they never came back, they got kidnapped just the same as Holmes and Watson did. But this wasn’t a coincidence; the people who captured them knew what they were doing. They were specifically targeting the four of them, but why?
‘I want you to be happy, John. And I’ve thought about this for a long while, after we got married, to be exact. And I’ve come to the decision…’
I shut the telly off in the living room and helped you to our bed. I got Kylie out of the chair and placed her in her crib after giving her a kiss. I got into my pyjamas for what seemed like the first time in forever. And then, after I got settled in the bed, I heard you whispering, 'John...am I still...I'm still me, right? I'm still your Sherlock?'
‘…And we found out that…’ I stopped midsentence. My tongue felt swollen, Sherlock, like I couldn’t get any words out. I scared them even more. Mrs. Hudson looked like she was nearing a heart attack, Greg, as tired as he was looked wide awake then. Even Molly stopped paying attention to the baby. I felt your eyes on me; I know what you were trying to do. You were warning me, right? You were trying to tell me that this was my last warning and that you didn’t want me to finish my sentence. Sorry, Sherlock, you and I both knew that I couldn’t do that. I already had them hanging off the edge of their seats, I’m not just going to say ‘never mind’ and go about my day.
He wasn't sure that was possible. Why was she so good to him? How could she love him, when he had to force himself to love anybody who wasn't Sherlock? Why was she so kind?
Mycroft pocketed his phone and looked over at John. "Apologies, John, I would have called but I had to make a few calls and was distracted."
Sherlock didn’t respond but John heard him fussing around with the kettle and preparing everything. John couldn’t explain how happy he was to hear Sherlock’s angry mumbling. It was an eternity ago before he heard it. The cottage looked like the interior of Baker Street, with the few exceptions. There were pictures on the walls. John didn’t see anything that looked like wedding pictures, or any newborn children that looked like it could be Sherlock’s. So he hasn’t gotten married, that was good. Sherlock emerged from the kitchen with a tray of tea in his hands. With carefulness, he set it down on the table in front of them and then took his seat with his cup in hand.
John nodded. Ella was mildly concerned now. She placed a hand on his leg and then he jumped. They stared at each other before he realized what happened. He rose out of his chair abruptly. Ella watched on as he put his jacket on.
“Curly and unruly, I know, beau---,” John stopped himself in mid-sentence. He was going to tell Watson that Sherlock’s hair was beautiful. He looked at Watson, who seemed to hear that last part, but left the topic. Good man.
Sherlock’s breath was as soft as his curls that tickled John’s neck. John placed a hand on his lap and closed his eyes at the warmth exuded by his love’s own. He pressed his lips into his hair and then turned his head to rest his cheek on it.
‘What would I do? Well for starters…I would be devastated. I would attend your funeral, again, and not say a word to anybody there. And then I would go home and shut up all of the curtains, and sit in my chair and drink myself into a coma or until my liver gives out and I die…’
I grabbed the remote and switched the telly off to see that you didn’t even realize. You were going to fall out soon, and so was Kylie, which gave me the blessed moments of silence where I could gather my own thoughts. You weren’t the only one struggling with the news. Even with the surgery appointment, that didn’t change the fact that you still had the cancer inside of you, growing each day. I tried not to dwell on it too much, but, that was the doctor in me, you know?
He sniffled and wiped at his eyes, feeling relieved that he finally said that. He had wanted to say that to him ever since the first night Sherlock spent with him and told him that he made him a good man. John tried to keep his crying as quiet as possible in case Sherlock truly was asleep, but Sherlock’s burst of sobs ruined that. They laid in bed, holding each other, sobbing, and whispering “I love you” and other words of motivation and adoration.
‘Smart lad.’ He said to you as if I wasn’t in the room. He finally acknowledged my presence and started talking to me.
‘Is this what you really want, Sherlock? I don’t want to bring a child into our lives if it isn’t something we both agree on. A child is a big responsibility.’
Things didn’t end on a good note either, because I got invalided home from the military with my wound. I ended being as lonely and hopeless as before, and nothing seemed important to me anymore.”
“Well I guess you know that part. I didn’t think much of it at first, another person to look at; they all look so generic to me.”
John cupped a hand over his mouth to let Sherlock finish. Even in the darkness of the night he could see Sherlock’s smile, so warm, so bright, so wonderful. God, he was so pretty.
Our agent, her name was Lara Winters, as the name on the desk read. She sighed and rotated her body to face her desk. We could hear her opening one of her drawers and fussing around until she found what she wanted. Her smile returned.
“If we’re going to talk about what the other deserves then I am positive that I don’t deserve you. And that’s not what you think, is it?”
John’s eyes widened and he feigned excitement over her teeth falling out. She was of age now, all her baby teeth were going to fall out.
His speech wasn't as slurred like before, hopefully that meant that his concussion was starting to fade.
John thought about what he said. He was right, so much could happen, they waited too long to act on their feelings, and now this is the price they have to pay. With a deep, regretful sigh, John grabbed Sherlock’s chin and pressed his lips against the detective’s. The rage from the punishment of waiting, the relief of finally feeling Sherlock’s lips pressed against his, and the love that was bottled up for so long that would get to leak through for only a short while. When he was sure he needed air, he released them, leaving Sherlock wonderfully surprised. For a moment, Sherlock actually looked happy and content, he was waiting for this for so long and it was what he ached for, but then opened his eyes and saw the reality he was thrust back into. Their faces weren’t smooth with youth, it wasn’t the flat, and nobody was smiling. Sherlock’s tears resumed and John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s hand.
‘I could try and make him come round, if you lot really want to see him. He’s expecting me now anyway.’ I tried to lighten the mood, to make them forget their sadness I guess, but we were all a somber lot, weren’t we?
There we were, doing what he had done years prior when we first met, when we were both new to each other. Do you remember how it felt, Sherlock? Do you remember the adrenaline we both had pumping through our veins? The breathless laughter we shared as the wind crashed against our faces? The few minutes where our hands brushed up against each other, when we forgot, only for a second why we were running in the first place? I do Sherlock, I do. That moment was one of the last few times I saw your smile. Why didn't you smile more?
'John...' You sounded weak, and you definitely looked the part too. Your breathing was shallow and your movement was slowed. You were very ill, love. You moved one of your hands, the one that was resting on the bed, and placed it over my own. You were happy to see me, I knew that you were scared, Sherlock. You weren't alone in that feeling.
'Mister Holmes-Watson, I presume? Or should I be calling you Doctor?' He wasn't trying to sound like a prat, but he was the result of a privileged man who was given even more privilege. I bet he felt closer to God with all that power. It's not like you would know anything about being middle-class, Sherlock, you were posh, and a tad snobbish. I do think that you would have hated this man if you weren't ill at the time, Lord knows that I did. I gave a smile, a very terse one at that.
“Ah! Does it bother you? Does it gnaw at your very soul knowing that there is another like you? While geniuses are rare, they do exist. But I don’t have to prove myself to you, Holmes, a game of chess or solving mathematic problems won’t do much to show you that I am better than you. While you are a highly intelligent man or men as your case seems to be, I am proper genius.”
‘I’m going to tell Lara that I’ll gladly give my baby to you. I like you guys, I know my daughter will be in good hands.’
There it was again. The dull aching in his chest whenever he heard that voice. He didn't respond to Sherlock, he only watched as he walked over to their sleeping daughter.
The Doctor swung the door open and it revealed another Weeping Angel inside who was instantly locked in a staring contest with the other. John immediately hit the floor and managed to get out of their line of sight. Just like that, The Doctor closed the door and the three of them examined what just happened.
It wasn't a few hours later when you rose off of the couch and walked over to me. You told me that you weren't feeling well again and that you were going to have a kip. You kissed me and then retired to our room. The kips were happening daily then, you needed one every day. A bit after that, Greg showed up and told me that he had some cases for you, just a few cold cases that didn't require physical work. I told him that you were asleep and his smile wavered.
“Where do I even begin? I guess I should start with how we first met, or maybe you know that already.”
Your experiments, I didn’t miss them so much. I had to constantly tell you to not place the substance that looked a lot like the milk that I had to feed Kylie so close to the actual bottle. As usual, you failed to listen. But then you finally started to do it, and gone were the worries of if I fed Kylie milk or your weird goop. I’d like to think that I gave her the right one because she never uttered a complaint, or maybe she liked the taste of whatever it was you had. I don’t know, and I’m moving on now.
‘I’ve also been wanting to thank you. I wanted to thank you for befriending me, and for loving me when nobody else did. Thank you for solving all of those cases with me, thank you for putting up with all of my terrible habits as a flatmate. Thank you for the company you have provided me after years of solitude, thank you for listening to me when I play my violin. Thank you for defending me, even if that put you at risk too.’
Sherlock said that before he left the flat. Sherlock said that. He still couldn't get over it. Sherlock was hugging him and kissing him. Sherlock was talking to him. A guy brushes shoulders with John and mutters something under his breath about John not watching where he was going, but John shrugged him off. He felt like he should tell somebody about it, but who could he tell? Would Kylie be able to see Sherlock? Could she talk to him and get all the answers to the questions that she would ask John just before bedtime? John let out a sigh. He should be happy about this, elated, over the moon, but he didn't know what he felt. God knows that he loves and misses Sherlock dearly, but to have him back like this? John shoved his hands into his pockets. There it was, the graveyard where Sherlock's buried. John let his mind wander as he passed the rows and rows of headstones.
I crossed my arms. You were getting ready for your third kip that day, and I had to feed Kylie, but I didn't leave before asking you another question.
‘What do you think they’ll expect to see, John? You and I both know that I’m not getting any better. I’ll be causing them more pain by letting them see my body wither away. I won’t allow that, I cannot allow that.’
I rose out of the bed first and helped you get up. Your curls were pointing out in every direction, but you either didn't care or you just didn't mind that. I know that I didn't. Kylie was awake, to my surprise, I thought that she woke up when she heard the sound of our voices. You were already in the living room when I entered it. You were sitting on the couch looking at the blank telly screen. It wasn't until the sunlight hit you that I saw just how unhealthy you were and I knew that it wasn't going to be long until you had to go back to the hospital and wouldn't be able to come back to the flat. I just wanted you for a little longer, love, was that so bad? I was doing everything right. I took care of you, I loved you, and you loved me. I did deserve to have you, right? I was a good husband to you.
John's eyes glazed over again because he knew that he was going to hate himself with what he was going to say next.
I took off my shoes and I crept into the bed with you, underneath the covers. I watched as your mouth contorted into the faintest of smiles as you breathed in my scent. You pulled yourself into my embrace and you wrapped your arms around me and let out a sigh. We were staring at each other, and then I kissed you on your forehead and then made my way to your cheek, and then your mouth. I pulled away and then kissed you again, you returned the kiss. I pulled away again and pushed your head farther into my chest and I stroked your hair and told you that everything was going to be okay. I told you that I loved you and that nothing would ever change that. You smiled again and said, 'You don't find me repulsive? My clammy skin, my pale complexion, none of that bothers you?'
'I am not completely useless, John, I can do this much.' You said to me. For a brief moment, I was actually glad that you did that. I thought that you were finally coming around, but then I realized that it was because you were angry at me because there was nothing else you could get angry at. I watched as you struggled and I fought every urge to rush over and help you. You got it eventually, but you asked for my help in getting in the tub. I started to scrub your back because I knew that you were already tired and I wanted to save you as much time as possible. You looked so downtrodden when I cleaned you. You were a bit reluctant at first, you wouldn't let me lift up your arms so that I could get under them. I let you clean the rest of your body, but I just needed to get your back.
Mycroft rested his hands on his legs and said, “Start small, John. You are in need of work, are you not?”
Holmes watched with careful and thoughtful eyes as Moriarty smirked and stalked over to him with his hands still folded behind his back. He found the man behind him just the same as Sherlock, and felt an object being forced into his hand. He had half a mind to drop it, but that was before he deduced what it was.
He could never stand to read it. She looked loving at first, sure, but that was only because he was so fixated on forgetting about the death of his best friend. The death of the man he loved dearly. He remembers the years he spent drinking his sorrows away trying to replay the last conversation he’s ever had with his best friend before he jumped. In his mind he would try to tell Sherlock all the things that he never could, but he didn’t. And he watched him die. But he got a second chance when Sherlock returned from the dead. He was trying to propose that night, but it was ruined with the return of a ghost.
Sherlock placed two kisses to both of John’s cheek. He moved to John’s hair and ran his hand through it.
When the second commercial break came on, I noticed that you were fidgeting. I tried to massage your scalp in hopes of calming you down but then you shot up and ran straight for the loo. I didn't have to be a genius to know why you did that, and soon enough, I heard the sounds of your retching and I knew that that was my cue to come and help you. As soon as I step into the bathroom, I find you hunched over and throwing up into the toilet. My look of sympathy was gone before you were able to turn around. You were breathing heavily and you didn't say anything to me. You were getting sick again, and I knelt down and rubbed circles on your back.
I gave you some of the painkillers and a glass of water so that your throat wouldn't be dried to hell. You didn't fight me, you probably didn't have the strength to. You swallowed the pills and the water and then you laid back down. I set the glass on the nightstand and stroked your curls. I kissed you, even though my lips were glossed with your sweat. I told you that it was the drugs making you sick like this. You nodded your head, at least you were listening to me.
John could only offer a smile at present even though he knew that it didn’t do much to lift his friend’s spirits.
“W-What are you talking about? Yes you are, you’re right here and you’re looking at me. You look so beautiful and it hurts because I want to touch you, but I can’t. Why can’t I?”
I made some adjustments to her blanket and to the mobile that stopped playing a while ago, and after that, I just watched her. I remember thinking that she couldn't have picked a worse time to be born. Everything was dull, what with her fathers not even talking to each other. Her 'grandmother' barely coming up to visit anymore. She deserved better, Sherlock. And I knew that you knew that too.
“I do, I call you ‘my dear’ but I love your name so much, that I consider it a term of endearment on its own. Hearing your name, to me, is like winning the lottery, or cracking that unsolvable case, your name reminds me that I’m not alone, and that someone loves me, and that it’s okay to be loved and wanted.”
'Stay...' Your voice, it wasn't deep and baritone like I was used to, it was weak and strained. I was mad at myself for showing you pity, because you hated that. But you needed somebody, you needed your husband, and I wasn't going to leave you alone.
‘John…’ I cut you off before you could even begin. I shook my head and told you that it wasn’t fucking fair, and that I didn’t want to talk about it. I wanted to pretend for a little longer. You told me that we couldn’t any longer. I was forced to hear your words, but looking back on it now, I was glad that I did.
I was stuck in my place too. Your voice broke my daze and I gave a frantic nod. I must have looked like a lunatic to you, Sherlock, and I’m sorry for that, but I was excited. And in your own funny way, you were too.
"Since there are already two angels facing each other, all John and I have to do is duck! Think you can handle it?"
‘And you’re John Watson,’ She said to me. It’s nice that I didn’t get completely outshone by you. I didn’t mind, I wasn’t the attractive genius detective. Well, you were always beautiful in my eyes.
You made a few grunts here and there; eventually you were able to make your way into the bathroom without my help. You never asked for it either, at least not until later.
John knocks back another glass. He thinks back to that day in the park, with Molly. She asked John that, and he didn't answer her. All he did was shrug and say, "She's...she's sad that he's gone. He was still her father, mind you. Beyond that, you would have to ask her."
Also , I wanted to have a few chapters that are primarily them talking, because I think that's my favorite thing to write about them is their conversations.
“Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today in the sign of God – and in the face of this company – to join together these men in holy matrimony, which is commended to be honorable among all men; and therefore – is not by any – to be entered into unadvisedly or lightly – but reverently, discreetly, advisedly and solemnly. Into this holy estate these two persons present now come to be joined. If any person can show just cause why they may not be joined together – let them speak now or forever hold their peace.”
‘You’re tired, John…’ I heard you squeak. ‘Your eyes…they’re a bit low…and your breathing is slowing down…’ I shushed you and told you to save your energy because you weren’t looking too hot either. You were quiet for a whole minute. Then you said, ‘Lay with me.’
"Why wait when you can tell me? I'm sure that you live together in your world, same as Watson and I do."
His lips quivered, but he was quick to mask it with a longer drink from the glass. His brows furrowed and then he shot a look at Sherlock to show that he wasn't happy.
I couldn’t wrap my head around what you were saying. You told me that you were helping them by causing them more pain and I just wanted you to give me a reasonable, and understandable response. You did. I told you to indulge me, which you reluctantly did.
I always came back from surgery to see Mrs. Hudson fawning over the baby, and a smile crept across my face each time. Not a fake one, Sherlock, a real smile, a genuine one. I was so happy that all of our friends were proud of our new addition. She was the star, Sherlock, our little star.
"Why don't you keep me up-to-date about everything that's happened to you since the last time we met?"
"This man is clever, very, very clever. In both of these rooms, the ones that we passed in this corridor have Weeping Angels in them."
There was one day, about two or three weeks before you…before. I came into the room with Kylie in my arms and took my seat. We didn’t say much, I couldn’t think of a single thing to say. I think I already told you about the events that transpired at work earlier that week, and you seemed mildly entertained. I opened my mouth to greet you, but you cut me off and said, ‘John, please, don’t treat me like I’m some random patient. Treat me like I’m your husband.’
For a very long time, Holmes was deadly silent. Watson understood and patiently awaited his reply. Holmes’s eyes looked like they wanted to say something so bad, that they had everything planned but nothing could come out. It almost pained Watson to see this, Holmes has never been so conflicted, not even for a case, but this was entirely different. This was personal, and that was the one things Holmes could never handle like he could his cases. Finally, Watson felt pressure on his shoulder, it was Holmes’s hand. A faint smile reached his lips, it was almost missed, but Watson caught it.
"No, we, and I mean his brother, a man named Greg Lestrade, and myself, we've all managed to keep him away from it. He's been doing a good job at staying clean too, I'm proud of him. But with this morphine...I know that we don't really have much of anything to help him, but morphine is still a drug and I don't want to give him something else to get addicted to."
You two talked for close to an hour, he emerged from the room as cool and stoic as someone could look after talking with their sickly brother. This time, our eyes met, and his brows softened. He didn’t look like Mister British Government to me, but Mycroft Holmes, the over-protective brother. He didn’t say a word to me, he turned on his heel and left the corridor almost as quickly as he returned.
John hesitated for a moment. He knew of Sherlock's past drug use, hell, there have even been times where he had to slap the syringe out of Sherlock's hand or take care of him while he went through withdrawal. Sure he hasn't seen as much as Greg and Mycroft had, but he's seen enough to be worried about introducing Sherlock to a new drug. With a sigh, he nodded, it was for Sherlock's health, and we couldn't bear to see him in pain.
“You weren’t in a good place then.” Sherlock’s tone was low but careful. He let John speak, but wouldn’t press him to do more than he wanted.
Sherlock, I appreciate you trying to do this, I really do. It’s nice to know you actually pay attention to me.’
"I'll be alright, don't worry about me." It's not hard to see why Greg is in disbelief. He opened his mouth to say something else, but John was already out the door, leaving a worried Detective Inspector behind. John wasn't far from his home, he just had to walk a few blocks. He almost trips over a crack not too far away from the pub. Maybe he should hail a cab.
“But we aren’t, can’t say that it wouldn’t have been more entertaining to see you lot scurrying about like the tiny little mice that you are.”
Mycroft gave him a curt nod and grabbed Greg's sleeve a tug as he moved to leave the room. Sherlock let his mind wander for a bit longer before turning back to the mirror to get another look at himself. Showing a bit of teeth in his ecstatic smile, he whispered, "Here we go."
‘I know that, John.’ You were disgruntled, or at least, you wanted everyone to think you were that way. ‘I don’t enjoy the news anymore than you do and would like to have it removed if there is a chance.’
“I can have dinner with you, spend every waking hour with you, but I’m not helping you in the way that I want or that’s most effective for the both of us. I’m not mad at you, I love you and I want the best for you.”
'But you're a doctor, of course you do...don't sugarcoat this, John...' You were so angry, love. You wanted something to be angry at, and of course it was me. I didn't get upset about it because you had every right to be angry, I was angry. This shouldn't have happened to us.
“I will explain everything when we get back, for now, take slow steps backwards and keep your eyes fixed on that angle statue, do not blink. Do not blink until you cannot see that statue anymore, do you understand?!”
“We aren’t in our time period either, everybody in the house knows we’re in here, and I’m sure they know what the sounds of sex are, not to mention the rhythmic banging of the bed. Believe me, I would like to have this too, but we can’t. Not now.”
He watched as Sherlock turn, his long neck elongating and filling him with the desire to kiss that long slender neck, and his jaw, and other areas. Sherlock’s smile was small, and whatever was on his mind prevented him from looking John in the eyes.
Just like that, all three of them got up from the bed and headed out. Sherlock was still spouting ideas of alternate universes.
I looked at you expecting an answer, and I got one. You couldn’t even look me in the eye. I couldn’t blame you.
"Sherlock, your John is not with us at the moment. The people who kidnapped us separated you from him and Watson from me. I've no idea where they are or if they have been taken to another location. We have to look for them and it will be much harder with me having to drag your body everywhere. Wake up!"
“I…I…wouldn’t know how to answer such a question. I have spent many years learning how to divorce myself from such a debilitating human feature.”
"Nothing yet." Moriarty's voice was eerily calm as he spoke. These were the markings of a true sadist.
Sherlock mused for a moment, trying to find the one place he's always wanted to go, or speak to someone that he's always desired to talk to. Suddenly, he found it.
There was no response, and John was already out of the room. Sherlock still had his tea in his hands, he was sure it was cold now, but he would still drink it. He didn't want to waste John's specially made tea. As soon as the liquid was close to entering his mouth, Sherlock heard a faint whirring sound as well as a flashing light. He could have sworn that he heard that noise before, some time as a child he may have heard it. He could vaguely remember and thus could not find the specific memory. He was going to ignore it until he heard a voice.
She said that to him when he announced her pregnancy on their wedding night. He wasn’t listening, he was too wrapped up in her, he didn’t see Sherlock alone on the dance floor with nobody to dance with, and he didn’t watch his friend leave the wedding alone. He found all this out from Molly, after Sherlock was long gone. He abandoned Sherlock for a whole month and spent it with Mary. Completely forgetting about his blog, and not remembering to update it with the cases that solved with Sherlock. He couldn’t believe that he would find Sherlock in the drug den, not when he spent so many years sober, but then he never thought about why Sherlock would end up there in the first place. He could never forget what took place over the course of the year. The highlight being when Mary shot Sherlock because she couldn’t let John find out about her dark past. She tried to kill his Sherlock out of love for John.  John spent a long time after that furious at her, and pissed off at himself for not noticing that she was hiding something. But something deep within him knew that she was dangerous, but he ignored it, and some part of him liked it. He forgot that she was carrying their baby and reconciled with her at Christmas, but he didn’t love her as much as he thought he did when they first got married.
Sherlock’s hands remained steepled and he sat there, like a robot with saltwater tears running down his cheeks, not making eye contact with John, who now knelt before him.
"Yes, you have a slight cut, but nothing too serious. You'll only need a good cleaning and some bandages and then you shall be fine."
You tried to get Greg to give you a few cases to go on. I was a bit worried, Sherlock, you just had surgery, and the last thing I needed was to call an ambulance while we’re chasing after a criminal because your wound re-opened or something. And besides, we had Kylie; we couldn’t run around London willy-nilly now because we felt like it. In the very least, we needed a babysitter who would be able to spend the night, and Molly was a busy woman, believe it or not. But we couldn’t let you get bored, because we all know what you being bored includes, and I didn’t need the headache so we agreed to give you the cold cases that didn’t require the physical effort, or if it did, it was minimal. You were disappointed of course, but you accepted them. A case is better than no cases. You were sat on the couch, or your chair, or in the bed whenever we were getting ready to retire, reading the case files and mumbling to yourself about the suspects’ alibis. It was adorable, up until the point where you were waking me up to validate your opinion. I would wake up some nights and find you curled up next to me with the case files underneath your arm. I would give you a light kiss on the cheek and slide the files from under you. You never even stirred. Kylie would be down with Mrs. Hudson until you woke up, because I had to get to work. In those few minutes before the sun really came out, and before everyone in the flat would start their day, there was a quiet. It was peaceful. I would stand by the kitchen counter for a few minutes just soaking it up. I don’t even know what peaceful means anymore.
He began to sing lowly, his voice cracking from the tears begging to fall. His mouth was next to Sherlock’s ear, he needn’t worry about singing over his wails.
"We'd better be off now." John squeezed Kylie's hand and turned to walk away. Before they were able to leave Baker Street entirely, Kylie turned around and said, "Thank you for the food, it was delicious!"
word. He called him love. For a moment, he nearly forgot that John asked him to get something. He went and got the items and handed them over to John, then retreated to leaning on the doorway.
Sherlock let out a sob, but he was smiling, he was happy and he was loved and that’s all John could ask for. His face was red and his eyes puffy and swollen from his crying but it was no longer out of pain.
He hadn’t said much to Sherlock after their kiss actually. Was it even a kiss? It was more like a peck on the cheeks, he was caught in the heat of the moment, Sherlock kissed him first. He loved it, he wanted to kiss him again, every time he looked at him, his eyes would linger to those pink lips. They felt like cushions compared to his own. After the kiss, John just felt so warm inside, like a fire has been ignited in his heart. Rosie hiccupped, interrupting his thoughts. He looked down and saw that she could barely keep her eyes open and had half a mind to place her in her crib.
He never missed Sherlock as much as he did now. What he wouldn’t give to feel Sherlock’s kisses, to hear Sherlock’s voice in his ear. What he wouldn’t give to have him back. He drank and drank some more that night. He didn’t want to remember what happened, he didn’t want to feel anything. He didn’t want to know what it felt like to have Sherlock and Kylie. He didn’t want to be, anymore.
John shook his head. He knew that he was going to try to convince him to stay home again, it was a miracle that he was still employed at the clinic.
“Oh well that’s terrific! You two deserve to have a night you know? What with all you’ve been through recently…”
Sherlock…You were so sure that the procedure wasn’t going to work and that you were going to die, you had no hope. You take death as it comes, Sherlock, but not like that. Not by searching survival rates and surgery statistics. Some things…some things you have to leave to chance, Sherlock, I just wish you knew that, or let yourself understand that.
It was perfect timing too, because you stepped out of the shower and were standing in the doorway. Your face was blank, but I saw it in your eyes. I wasn’t supposed to find it.
The idea came to his head while he was at work. Sherlock didn’t come by to have lunch with him because Rosie was already down for her afternoon nap, and neither of the men wanted to risk her sleep cycle being interrupted, and in turn ruining theirs at night. Still, John couldn’t help but stare at the door, thinking about eating with Sherlock again. He came with Rosie because she couldn’t be alone, obviously, but he wanted to be greedy with Sherlock, and to take him out properly instead of movie nights in with a crying baby. He knew that Sherlock was being kind, but he was sure that even Sherlock thought about a night for themselves, one that didn’t involve just sex and then sleep. Well, that could be included in the night, but that shouldn’t be the only time they get to be alone together.
Harry smiled and nodded. She had natural beauty, the kind of beauty that if she put on anything more than simple eyeliner, blush, and lipstick, it would be too much and make her look painted. It was simple beauty, even through the physical effects of alcoholism; the droopy eyes, the wrinkles around the mouth from immense frowning, the crow’s feet from squinting too hard through drunken eyes, she still somehow remained the youthful beauty that she had been years ago.
'...I'm afraid that...the cancer made a reappearance...' He didn't stop the sentence, he just sort of rushed it all out in a whisper. He knew, he had sympathy for us. I think his name was...Andrew...good lad. He swallowed hard and then started talking again.
But nothing was working. Every time John wanted to leave her for good, she would sink into a horrible depression and has even attempted her life on occasions, which John stopped. He couldn’t see that anymore, he’s seen good men take their lives on the battlefield countless times when things were getting bad, he’s seen Sherlock commit suicide, even if he wasn’t really dead, he can’t lose more people, even if he regretted ever meeting them. He was angry, he harbored all of his hate and rage for her over the years, but whenever he would find her sat in her chair that was old and dingy from the neglect that owner reflected on it, crying her eyes out, up to her neck in empty beer bottles, calling her child’s name, and weeping bitter tears for the marriage that was ruined so many years ago, he couldn’t help but sympathize. They took a vow, for better or for worse, but they’ve been experiencing the worse ever since that night.
“I thought you loved her. The fifty-seven texts…the fact that she was in your bed…your reaction to her death…”
Sherlock’s emotion started to show on his face. He looked pained when he met John’s sad eyes and his lip was starting to quiver.
John could count on his fingers all the people that attended his husband’s funeral. There weren’t many people there. Yes, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and Greg were there. What kind of friends would they be if they didn’t show up? A few other people came, John didn’t know most of them, must have been some clients that actually liked Sherlock. They were a rare sort. He saw Angelo there, though he kept to himself. John tried to overlook the fact that he was sobbing in the back. Mike was there, he clapped a comforting hand on John’s shoulder, careful of the baby that was in his arms. No words were exchanged between the two, just a smile full of warmth, and another full of bitterness.
I told you to take a seat; the only available one was your armchair. Of course you didn’t listen. Your eyes were shooting at all three of them like you were deducing everything on them, right to the last seam in their clothes or the last hair on their head. When you were finished, you turned your attention to me again and in your baritone voice, you said, ‘John, don’t do this.’
“She was getting older, and her joints…they didn’t work so well. She was cleaning the walls on the top of the steps one day and…as she was making her way back down here, her knee gave out, she fell down and…her neck…it snapped….”
And then I heard you say, 'Make love to me.' And, to be honest, it took me by surprise. I asked you to repeat that and then you did.
The next morning, John awoke feeling all kinds of sore. He did his morning stretches and then got off the uncomfortable bed. He remembered everything from last night. He looked over and saw Sherlock still sleeping. He walked over to his fiance and ran a hand through his curls before giving him a kiss on his forehead. He gave Sherlock a small smile and left the room. The ground floor of the building was busy with the housekeepers and maids running from room-to-room with all types of stuff in their hands. John still thought that Mrs. Hudson could out clean all of them. One of the younger maids stopped where she was and gave a curtsy.
He looked around and found the couple on the floor next to him, staring into each other's eyes intimately, with growing smiles on their faces. The Doctor's mouth turned into a wry smile and he placed a hand on his chest.
John's hand immediately flew to Sherlock's hair and he started to run his fingers through it gently as a way to calm him down.
‘I’ll be okay…right?’ You asked me. It saddened me to hear you ask that. You don’t like hospitals, or doctors, and you were uncomfortable, no doubt. I rested my elbow on the sidebar and nodded.
“It doesn’t matter who I get, John. I’m sure whoever drew my name just balled it up and binned the paper.”
John exhaled and crossed his arms. “I forgot how much patience you need to be a GP. Why do people insist on coming into a clinic when they know they’ve only got a cold?”
“’Papa misses you. He gets so sad when I ask about you. I don’t like to make Papa sad. He told me the story of how you met. He said that you were brilliant.’ The spelling is off, but never mind that. ‘I asked him why you left us and he said that it wasn’t your choice. He told me that you got sick when I was a baby and I didn’t get to remember you…’”
“My dear Watson, you mustn’t be so affected by the sight of graves. There will come the day where we too shall end up like our unfortunate friends here.”
“John…” Sherlock’s weak, raspy voice said. He was awake. He remembered. John placed a hand on the back of his head and let more silent tears fall as he whispered,
You looked like you knew this, you were just desperate for validation. It hurt to see you doubt me like that, Sherlock. To think that I would ever stop loving you because of the cancer, or because we hadn't made love in almost two months.
"It's like I'm talking to a bloody wall! Sherlock, talk to me!" If Sherlock had to bet, John was getting agitated.
'Shh...' I whispered. I told you that there could be a chance that you wouldn't go completely bald, that you would still have some of the curls that you held so dear. You didn't believe me. Of course you didn't, you were smarter than that, you were my genius, my darling genius.
Not being able to take the quick and quiet glances anymore, he pinched the bridge of his nose and let out a deep sigh.
He never wanted that. He only wanted her to be happy, but he didn’t mean for this to happen. John sank back into his chair and stared at the back of the passenger seat.
The bed dipped as Sherlock got up, muttering to himself grumpily. John let out a sigh and went back to sleep, being lulled by the distant sounds of Sherlock shushing Rosie and whispering soothing words to stop her crying.
Sherlock's smile faded and he left the spot he favored since he appeared. John watched with soft eyes as Sherlock walked over to him. He forgot how graceful Sherlock was. He missed how graceful Sherlock was. Pretty soon John found his arms wrapped around him, and nearly sobbed because he missed the embrace so much. John clasped a shaking hand over Sherlock's soft ones and then pressed kisses to his arm and tried to blink away his fogged up vision.
I turned around and smiled to myself, hoping that he would get the hint. When I got out of the shower I saw him sitting at the table holding the gift in his hands. His eyes were wide when he held the plastic skull in his hands. They took his original one during the drug raid what feels like years ago, and all the other ones he’s managed to get his hands on were binned by Mrs. Hudson when she came to clean. I crossed my arms and leant against the frame of the doorway.
Sherlock’s body jerked, but he still didn’t open his eyes. From what Holmes could see, not only was Holmes bound and tied just as he was, but he had a tie wrapped around his mouth. Holmes looked around the room to see if he could use something to release his hands. The room was dark, even he could barely make out where anything was, never mind the drugs hindering him further. Holmes took another glance at Sherlock and then took in new details. His clothes were disheveled, meaning that these people were not gentle with him. He must have been awake earlier but gave the captor/captors trouble and they decided that drugging him was the only way to get him to comply.
"You realize we're in the nineteenth century, right? Two men being together is not exactly...legal."
"I...have...an idea...but I still need a bit more information, I may tell you tomorrow, I don't know."
‘I don’t want to get attached to her. I don’t want to become so dependent on her affection for me that when the time comes…I won’t be able to handle it. It’s bad enough with you---. ‘You were going to say something else that would frustrate me, so I had to stop you. I took your hands in mine and rubbed them softly, oh so softly. I found the strength to look you in the eyes and with the most comforting voice, I spoke, ‘Don’t speak like that, Sherlock. That’s not how this is going to end, I promise you. You’re going to be okay. We’ll be okay…’
Sherlock reacted faster than he could think and shook his head. John put his fork down and sat back, trying to get a good look at Sherlock’s face. Sherlock resisted every urge he had to look John in his eyes and kept eating.
The more he thought about it, the kitchen didn’t feel like his kitchen. It wasn’t lined with the ugly wallpaper that he had come to love. There was food stocked in the cupboards and the fridge, something that John did for the both of them at Baker Street, but it wasn’t right here. It didn’t feel right that he was buying food for another home. The living room was nice, comfortable, but it wasn’t
Watson ignored his snide remark and made his way to the door to their flat, patiently awaiting the arrival of Sherlock, John, and The Doctor. He took notice that it was taking them longer than usual to make their way upstairs and thought that maybe they retired to their room for the night. He knew he should let them be since they might have been tired, but he wanted to check on them. He wanted to know why they were out so long. He opened the door to only be met with a dart to his neck, and before he could even register what caused the sharp pain he found his vision fading and his body growing weak. He opened his mouth and his lips quivered as he tried to call out for Holmes, but it was too late, he fell to the floor with a loud thud. It was loud enough to alert Holmes.
“I don’t think I’ll be joining you to the Secret Santa this Wednesday, John. Give Greg my regards when you see him, good night.”
Holmes made a few short noises and then waved his hand in the direction of the bathroom. He watched as Sherlock rose from the couch, hand on his stomach, and made his way to the washroom. When the door closed Holmes looked up at the door. He still couldn’t get over the fact that that person was him!  Sure he wasn’t exactly like him; he was younger, a bit more sentimental, this was made obvious by the ring on his finger. But looks can be deceiving.
They were all lying in bed. Rosie was happily napping on top of the two men, who were staring up at the ceiling smiling and chatting the day away. John had stared at Sherlock and when prompted by the other, he started to rattle off all the things he loved about him.
'Oh.' That was all he said before he stared into space. The flat was silent. Then he snapped out of it and started fiddling with his umbrella. He took a few deep breaths and then gave his usual wry smile.
John followed Watson down the stairs and into the living room. They ran over to the fireplace and John watched as Watson fiddled around with a skull on top of the mantelpiece and pulled a small black bottle out of its mouth. They made eye contact with each other and John said, "He has a skull?"
And immediately they halted. Moriarty's wicked grin only widened at The Doctor's exclamation. The Doctor took his sonic screw driver out of his pocket and waved it around in the air. The only noise in the hall was coming from the tool. The Doctor's face turned grim as he stared at the screwdriver.
‘I may not know a damn thing about Sherlock, but I know enough to tell you that something is really bothering him, and it must be something that’ll bother you too if he refuses to speak on it. You two are married, as jealous as I am, and you’re both supposed to know when something is wrong with the other.’ She spoke with a certain dreaminess.
“That’s a brilliant idea! What do you think Rosie? The day is nice and I know you’ve been itching to be out of the flat.”
"You did ask to see her, Molly. You've only said a few sentences to her. Who knows when you'll see her again."
Mrs. Hudson came up to me and asked me if I knew why you were acting the way you were, and all I could do was nod and say, ‘My guess is as good as yours.’
He checked his watch, he was wasting too much time. He looked out of the window and saw Mycroft’s car waiting out front for him. He made his way downstairs. The car ride was solemn, and the only noise was the soft humming of the car’s engine. John would notice the driver look at him through the mirror, and looked like he had something to say. John was glad that he didn’t. They pulled up in front of Mycroft’s house, and John was out of the car in an instant. He walked to the front door and knocked. It was Kylie who opened the door, with Mycroft standing behind her.
He saw dark curls behind him through the mirror and sucked in his breath. The soft blue eyes looked worried as he was perched on the side of the bed.
He made his way to the fridge to find Mrs. Hudson putting away groceries that she brought recently. Seeing John in his pyjamas, she jumped and rose to her feet.
“Be prepared to rescind those words, Mrs. Hudson. The flat is near completion, you will have your wish fairly soon.”
“It’s…it’s pretty great, actually. I don’t think I’ve ever been this happy before.” This was an awkward conversation for John.
“Brilliant! This is absolutely marvelous! Look at how powerful the light is, it could shine for miles in the dark, Watson!”
"You look...exceptional in that outfit, John." Sherlock said without making eye contact. John had to do a double take at the younger man's words. Did he really just say that? But he had to accept the compliment, it wasn't often Sherlock did it.
He walked into his room and quietly closed the door. I don’t know what I imagined when he first brought up the Secret Santa. It was quite disheartening, actually, to see him think so hard about such a pointless Christmas tradition. The worst part about it was that he was sure that the whole of Scotland Yard came up with this just to have a laugh. Sure, the Yard isn’t particularly warm toward him, and believe me, he gives them plenty of reason not to be sometimes, but I think that on some level, he did want to participate and maybe if it had been anyone other than Sally Donovan, he would have put a bit more effort into it. My thoughts were thrown off when I got a text from Sally. It was like I was in a bad Christmas comedy.
The lights were dimmed, with only two shining down on the honored couple of the night, basking in the enjoyment of their relationship change. They stared into each other’s eyes luridly and refused to look anywhere else, their hands were clasped together and their fingers intertwined. Never have they looked as full of love and adoration as they did at that moment, and that moment exactly. If The Doctor could, he would frame this point in time forever as a sort of realistic picture that he could revisit whenever he so chose. He may be alone for a while because they don’t think married life goes well with time travel, but at least he was here to witness this.
"We could send them through a crack, a crack in the universe, and trap them there! Do you see any cracks?"
He fed Rosie and himself. He put a plate away for Sherlock, but he had a feeling that all Sherlock would want is biscuits and tea.
'I could be feeling worse,' You replied. We both laughed, but the air in the room was still tense. You weren't okay and I wasn't okay. You were in pain and I think we both knew but we didn't want to say anything, we wanted to pretend I guess, we wanted to be in each other's company without any worries. Not that time. The doctor came back in, not Doctor Prick, the other one. I don't think that he could handle seeing me show my love and support for you whilst giving your diagnosis. Good, I was glad that he wasn't in the room, I probably would have punched him then. I removed my hand from your stomach and placed it on the mattress, I felt the warmth of your hand again a few seconds later. A faint smile tugged at my lips.
John couldn’t resist Sherlock’s puppy-dog face, and so he left the park before he would change his mind and go home early. Sherlock looked down at Rosie and set her next to him on the bench so that he could get the carrier out of the diaper bag. Once she was situated in it, he got up and began walking down the park lane, stopping to admire the dogs that were being walked, and watching a bee pollinate flowers.
“’Dear Angel Daddy…’ She calls you that because one day she asked me where you were…and I told her in the sky…she pieced it together that you were an angel and so…but you always said that you weren’t on the side of angels, I can’t bring myself to correct her…”
He opened it up and pulled out the piece of paper that was inside. He cleared his throat, he already knew that he was going to have trouble reading this to Sherlock.
He got up and stretched his limbs, he sat there too long. He looked at the sink that had two bowls, a glass, one of Rosie’s spoons, and a fork in there. They ate so much takeaway at Baker Street that to see dishes in their sink was a rarity. This felt foreign, alien to him. That sofa wasn’t his, but when he sat on it with John it felt like it was. When he laid in that bed that wasn’t bought for him, it felt wrong, the blanket felt itchy and rough, not like the comforter he had in his room.
“The Hobbit?” He sound disinterested already, John frowned and said, “Oh come on! Give it a chance, I have a feeling that you’ll love it.”
The day of the Secret Santa I went by myself after work. When I got there, there was a little table with snacks, mulled wine, and cider and no office party is complete without the shitty Christmas songs playing from someone’s laptop, which I vaguely heard in the distance. I set my gift down on the gift table and helped myself to a cup of wine and some chips because I had forgotten to eat before I left. Sally found her way over to me first, with some biscuits in her hand and a cup of wine in the other. She smirked at me and nudged me with her shoulder.
He answered John's question as a passing comment. John was going to have to get used to it, who knows how long he was going to be here? He eventually found the closet and opened the door. Their 221B was in the exact same arrangement as John and Sherlock's, but the decor in the flat, it was less tacky, but there was also an air of refinement in it because of the interior design. The rich red wallpaper with tiny prints of fleurs inside of it painted gold. The couch was elegant enough, velvet, with a rich burgundy color to make it look as if it belonged to royalty. The only things they were missing were the modern day technologies such as, television, a fridge, a microwave, things like that. John turned on the faucet and began to soak the washcloth in the washbasin, hoping that the water was cold. He turned it off and then walked over to Sherlock and gently started dabbing the rag on Sherlock's forehead. Watson was watching him for a while.
“…Remember the day we met her, Sherlock? Not our baby, the mother of our baby. She came to our flat a week after we went to the agency. We weren’t the only clients Lara had. You were somewhat impatient while we waited for her, I know, I wanted to meet her as soon as we got the photo. She looked like she was a child, even more so than in the photo. Her hair was tied back into a messy ponytail, and her eyes, they looked hopeful. She smiled a lot, wanted to make a good impression, obviously. Her clothes were a bit baggy; of course it was because of her baby bump. She wasn’t that far along when she first met us, but because she was so small it looked much bigger. You never were the type to walk up and greet people; you were the one someone started a conversation with, when you weren’t deducing, that is. She took a seat in my chair, since I know you weren’t a big fan of anybody sitting in your seat besides you or Mrs. Hudson.
John was able to fake his smile better. He was tipsy now, won't be long until he would have to be escorted home.
“I don’t know, there can be all sorts of reasons, but I think that us being here might be one of the reasons for their showing up.”
John sighed as he felt Sherlock rest his head against his wet chest. Sherlock set up the bubble bath for them. They were both laid back, John resting against the wall, and Sherlock on him. Sherlock closed his eyes and let the other card his fingers through the wet curls.
….Where were you, Sherlock? Where you when I was in the living room with them?  Were you in the shower, or were in the room taking a nap? I’d like to think that you took all of those naps because you were trying to take better care of yourself, but the doctor in me knew that it was because of the cancer. The appointment was soon, I had hope, and for a brief moment, you had hope too. I didn’t see any more of those searches on your laptop, or maybe you didn’t let me see them.
“I’m not sure, we were walking with him earlier and he was fine, well, as fine as he can be. Then he got all jumpy and nervous and said that we had to go home. It was a shame too because it was such a nice day out. “
I wanted to know why nothing ever went my way. I grabbed Kylie and made my way to Barts, hoping that you were okay…”
The Doctor's mouth opened to say something again but then Sherlock let out another moan and his face was absolutely green. Without even saying anything, John pulled out the bin underneath of Sherlock's bed and moved out of the way so that Sherlock could vomit in it. John was now rubbing his back and whispering sweet nothings into his ear. The Doctor just watched him as he tried to comfort the ailing man. When Sherlock's vomiting ceased, he rolled back onto the bed, panting. John moved his hand from Sherlock's back to his cheek and grazed it with his knuckles.
‘What? Are they still here, did they leave?’ You were sort of talking to me, and sort of talking to yourself. I nodded, just in case you were talking to me. I told you that the nurse wouldn’t let them in because I told her that they were not permitted to see you.
"It's a wonderful planet with people that have heads the shapes of bananas. They're awfully hospitable though. I recommend it, but, this is where you want to go."
'It'll be alright, love,' I said,'You know that I'll visit it you every day, me, Kylie, Mrs. Hudson, Greg, all of us. We'll stop off there every day of the week, you know that.'
Moriarty acted like a blushing schoolgirl as they falsely praised him. He was getting off on this. Standing in between the two, he began to speak.
She blushed but then continued on her way. When John finally made his way up to the first floor, he found both inhabitants awake and already beginning their day. Holmes was sitting at the table eating a piece of toast when he saw John standing there, still wearing the waistcoat from yesterday.
“Hey guys, I think it’s time we started heading back now, don’t you think? The sun is setting and wouldn’t want to be caught out here at night, oh no, not with all the cut-throats and thieves and…rats.”
And there they were, walking backwards in the middle of the street, eyes fixated on the angel statue in the graveyard, careful not to avert their gaze or to even blink no matter how much their eyes burned and ached from lack of moisture. The angel was far from sight, but still visible to them, and The Doctor was repeating his instructions every so often.
"So I am right, I mean, of course I'm right. You've been drinking, slept off a hangover the previous night, the evidence is your eyes are bloodshot and your speech is slurred. Of course that could be the fact that you helped yourself to a few cups shortly before you left your home to pick up Kylie. Am I correct?"
"Jesus Christ it gets so lonely without you, Sherlock. You have no idea how bad it gets. Why'd you have to get sick? Why'd you have to leave me alone?"
But John loved him. John wanted him to keep existing, and what those two years John thought otherwise did to him. He didn’t want his John to hurt anymore.
John was too busy staring at Sherlock to open the bottle. Sherlock cleared his throat and John snapped out of his daze. “Right, sorry.” He opened the bottle and poured the glasses. Sherlock took a careful sip from his and closed his eyes.
Holmes on the other hand, has only just met Moriarty. Surely he sees the corrupt and vile thing that he really is. James Moriarty is no human, he is so much worse than that. But he's interesting and that is the one of the reasons that Sherlock even puts up with him. He understands Sherlock, and that sends shivers down Sherlock's spine.
The Doctor froze at Sherlock’s statement. He was his companion, they both were, John and Sherlock. He brought them with him to go on an adventure and to see all the wonderful things that time and space had to offer. Sure he said that this would probably be their first and last adventure together in all the years they’ve been away from one another, but that didn’t matter. In this moment he was The Doctor’s companion and they were supposed to stick together no matter what. But he also had to make sure Sherlock and John survived, he can’t be responsible for their deaths, he won’t be because it won’t happen.  He’ll come back for them; they won’t be apart for long.
Guys, I don't write smut daily, this is the second time I've written it so PLEASE bear with me if it sucks!
“John, I had to walk down the streets with such an awful smell because of her! I could hardly catch a cab because of her! It was awful!”
John's eyes hurt, and he needs to get home. He finishes off his drink and then looks up at the bartender again. It's Sherlock. He doesn't look very happy with John. John nearly falls off his stool. Greg moves to catch him, but then relaxes when he sees that John was in no immediate danger. Sherlock takes John's glass and throws it into the sink to be cleaned later.
I nodded and replied, “Sure, I get that it’s stupid, but it’s more about just giving friends things they think they would like. Also, it could just be the idea of a couple of dicks who just want to piss off their co-workers, and I’m thinking Scotland Yard’s is the latter.”
The joke fell flat and they continued to eat their dinner in silence. Sherlock finished before John, the man never took the time to enjoy food like John did. He folded his hands on the table and waited for his tablemate to finish his food. When John took his last bite Sherlock got up and collected both of their plates and walked to the sink without a word. John fidgeted in his chair and watched Sherlock wash their plates. Was he mad at John? Was he tired of living with him? It agitated him to see Sherlock in such pain. John closed his eyes and inhaled. He had to ask him.
‘Go on then. Explain this bottle that I’m holding in my hand”, I snarked, “Tell me why I’m holding a bottle for depression prescribed to Sherlock Holmes-Watson.”
"But you may have to give him a bit more than that of a normal patient. This isn't the first time he's...used it."
That's right, The Doctor, Sherlock and John's companion. If he got them out of trouble before, surely he could do it again.
Not really expecting an answer, he fished around in his coat pockets and pulled out his key. He inserted the shiny silver key into the shiny hole that was waiting for the insertion of its companion. With a twist, the TARDIS's door opened and he slipped inside.
"Sorry mate, I think it's for the best. You've clearly not gotten past your grief. I understand completely, but you have to think about your daughter, and from what I saw that night at the pub...this might be better for her and yourself." Greg interrupted.
John felt his mouth twitch into a smirk. It felt strange, since he’s only frowned since leaving Baker Street for a second time. That was his Sherlock, always dark and mysterious. He loved every bit of the man. But it’s been far too long, Sherlock must have moved on, John hasn’t talked to him in so many years, he probably forgot about him, deleted him, as Sherlock would say. John wouldn’t even blame him.
The Doctor said, "John actually forgot about your birthday today, so he had me distract you while he planned a last minute birthday party. Isn't it amazing?!"
‘Thank you for marrying me, even though I told you time and time again that I would ruin you. And thank you for being you. For being John Watson, my John Watson.’
‘And…what…what did they say, doctor?’ I was the one speaking then, I needed to know at that moment, what was wrong with you, and if you were going to be okay. I needed you to be okay.
Greg told me that he was inspecting a string of robberies that have been committed by the same people, the Waters family, if I'm not mistaken. He's been trying to catch them for weeks. I thought that you would be desperate enough to take the case, even if it didn't have a murder in it. To my surprise, you agreed. I was right, you wanted anything to take your mind off of your crushing boredom, as you once told me. So there we were at Scotland Yard, getting the information from Lestrade. I made the mistake at looking over at you. You looked, distracted, like you weren't there. I dismissed it once again, I thought you were just soaking in the details, that seemed logical to me. Thinking back on it now, it would have been smarter to try and figure out why you were acting like that, but it's not something uncommon to me, I've seen you in those moods before, you would usually break free from that on your own.
“I don’t even know where to begin for her, and it’s not like I can just ask her what she’d want for Christmas, now can I?”
I'm still kicking around, don't worry, everyone, whoever is still keeping up with this blasted blog. Why did you all read it again? That's right, you were all obsessed with Sherlock's cases. Can't blog about those anymore.
‘I sincerely apologize, Kylie, for waiting this long to finally show you the attention you deserve as my daughter. I am so sorry that we didn’t have longer to get know each other, I would have liked to see the woman you grow into. I know that you won’t remember me when you get older, you are only a baby, but I trust that John will never let you go a day without mentioning something of me. Perhaps our cases, or our marriage, or the day we first met, it matters little to me.’
“To the TARDIS to see if maybe she could give me something, if there is anything abnormal happening then she would be the first to know.”
Sherlock let out another groan. John sighed and rolled over. He pressed kisses along Sherlock’s neck and nuzzled his cheek against his.
“You see, I could kill you two, easily. I could have shot you already, seeing as how I have two revolvers in my possession, I could leave you to the angels, but they would have given you a mercy killing, and let you die with your Johns. That’s not what I had in mind. So then, I thought that I might throw you off of a roof, but Sherlock’s decided that he would want to try it already, and if I had done it now, it would hardly seem original. But at the last moment, I come up with this. You two are to shoot each other. You both try to defeat me, but I already have each of you in my grasp, and I’ll only allow one of you to return to your John. The only way that you would escape is by killing the other, however.”
Sherlock looked at him like he was the most idiotic man on earth. “Why on earth would you think I wouldn’t want to be with you, John? I love you more than words…happiness is only synonymous with you, my dear John.”
The Doctor liked the sound of that because he cracked his knuckles and turned to the monster of a control panel, John still couldn't wrap his head around the inside. He didn't even know what a TARDIS was.
John laughed at that and nodded. “Right. There’s a café just up the block, it has outdoor seating and I think it’s nice enough to sit outside, or do you want to pick up some food and sit in the park?”
"Alright, alright. It's been a slow day, nothing to fight, no Daleks invading London, no timey-wimey stuff to do, no planets that need saving, just me and my TARDIS, doing...stuff."
Sherlock smiled and placed the erection in his mouth. John stifled a loud moan and tried to steady himself for his climax. God it’s been so long since he’s had this. Sherlock’s so gorgeous, he felt so good, oh god he was coming. It was a lot too, poor Sherlock. John let out a series of fucks until his orgasm was over. His knees almost buckled, he was in seventh heaven. Sherlock’s mouth was wonderful.
The Doctor was walking ahead of them surveying the scene around him, watching the hustle and bustle of the crowded streets with a keen eye as if he was expecting something, which he probably was. Watson seemed to be enjoying the pleasant day while John just walked. He never really was the one to revel in nature, if it was a nice day, he never hesitated to go outside and enjoy it, but that was pretty much the extent to which he appreciated it. Finally, Watson spoke again.
The creepy smile widened and with a short laugh he said, "The name, Mr. Holmes is James Moriarty, pleasure to finally make your acquaintance."
“I might fall asleep too.” His voice got small and apprehensive, like he expected John to get upset.
I removed your shirt and then began to remove your pants because you wouldn’t need them for a while. I think that this was the first time we made love since before we had Kylie. I wanted to savor this moment because who knew when we would get to do this again? Pretty soon we were both naked and loving every moment of it. You rolled over and turned back so that I knew you were ready. I adjusted myself and then I moved into you. Each thrust was pleasure-filled and both of us loved it, I got to hear the soft moans that came from your mouth with each push, you sounded so soft, so gentle. That night was perfect, it was slow and sweet, probably one of the tenderest shags we’ve ever had. I wanted to remember you as you were, your curls, a bit damp from the sweat, you were lying on your stomach with the sheet draped over your bum perfectly. You were beautiful, Sherlock, god I was so lucky. I lay back down, this time on my side because I wanted to look at you and push the curls from your face as you slept. I gave you a quick kiss on the lips and moved you closer to me so that I could hold you and inhale your scent and remember that night forever.
“But there isn’t another genius, have you not figured it out? There is only you and me, Mr. Holmes. It’s very much like a game of cat and mouse you see.”
Sherlock wiped a tear away and exhaled. “Knowing Mycroft, he’ll have the top contractors in England come to fix the place up. Even then…everything is…everything is…it’s just gone, John. My chemistry set, my music, my chair. How can they replace that?”
“You may not deem it important; I still think it is only fair if I know. I did tell you about my personal life.”
"John, trust me when I tell you that the Doctor is a good man, he won't let any harm come to us. Why don't you believe me?"
From that moment on, John kept checking his watch, and counting down until he could go home to tell Sherlock the good news.
‘You’re a doctor, John; you know what I’m getting at.’ You were snappish again. This was conformation that this was a very touchy subject.
John stared at the note through misty eyes. It came to this, he actually had to write himself a reminder to take care of his daughter. Maybe Social Services would do better than him. He looked back over on the bed and saw her sleeping still. She looked more fragile than ever. He placed his fist up to his mouth to stop himself from breaking down. He can't do this for much longer. He isn't as strong as he thought he was.
I had to let that all sink in for a minute. That was practically an admission of fear, Sherlock, do you see? You stood there in that paper-thin hospital gown and told me that you were scared. You didn’t want to die. I had to take you in my arms and I had to kiss you everywhere. On your cheeks, on your chest, on your neck, your hands, I had to comfort you, and to reassure that you were going to be fine. You were always fine.
“’I asked him what you looked like (I know what you look like I only wanted Papa to tell me), and Papa said that you had hair as dark as mine and blue eyes. He said you were handsome’ She spelled it handsum, mind you. ‘I drew you, so that I might make Papa happy. I drew a cloud and then I drew you with angel wings. When I showed him the picture, he got sad again and he looked like he might cry but he didn’t. Papa’s strong. He hung up my drawing next to a photo of you and him when you got married, and then one when I was a baby.’”
I was going to tell her that he wasn’t coming, but Greg came over to me and clapped a loud hand on my shoulder. Sally got the hint and walked over to Anderson.
John's silence only validated his deductions. Sherlock's silence made John nervous, but he expected it. Sherlock knew why John had the gun when they moved in with each other, he was the one who told him that he needn't use it unless either of them was in danger and had to. He promised Sherlock that he was only going to use it for its intended use.
He raised his hand and curled his fingers into a fist, he slowly rapped on the door. Anxiety was starting to make its way into his system. What was he going to say? It was already hard enough to talk to Sherlock when he was around him 24/7, but after a gap of ten plus years? There was so much he missed out on. Sherlock could be married by now, have a nice wife and child, who moved on and got older, and who is probably expecting their own in a few months. He couldn’t picture Sherlock getting married, but he probably found somebody who helped him move on, made him happier. Hell, John did the same thing once upon a time. But the thought of Sherlock being with somebody else…he couldn’t fathom it. That was something John and Mary shared, both are selfish lovers.
“That's not the point,” Mycroft huffed. “You're frankly quite lucky to have a second chance to ask him. What if the bullet had killed him?”
Rosie was happy as well. She was growing like a weed and she always seemed to be smiling. Sherlock treated her as if she were his own daughter and Rosie loved him as if she were her father.
John slowly held up his index finger to quiet Sherlock. “Not now, love. Not here.” Confined to a hospital bed with his brain feeling as fuzzy as it was, he didn't exactly feel like accepting a proposal. Instead he wanted to rest. Just rest for now and get better. And then he'd say yes.
“In a way.” Sherlock had crashed through a window, keeping up with typical theatrics while on a case, chasing down the suspect. Luckily for him, the window wasn't overly high off the ground, so he didn't suffer a big fall. Most of the damage came from the shards of glass that were still left in the windowsill.
“It is.” John reached over to his old beside table and pulled out that bottle of lube he kept there. Luckily Mrs Hudson didn't clean out his room when he left all those years ago. John sat up and awkwardly got out of his jeans and underwear all while trying to straddle Sherlock beneath him.
What roused him from his chair was the smell of the takeaway and his rumbling stomach. Sherlock grabbed some of the pad thai, but didn't bother reheating it. As he ate, his phone began to buzz, getting a text message. When he saw it was from John, his heart skipped and he read over the text:
“I love you. Very much. Very, very much. So much so that I'd want to.. if you wanted to.. I'd like to--” Sherlock cut himself off and took in a deep breath. “Will you--”
Then Sherlock scoffed at his own thought. No one could replace John. No one was like him. And John wouldn't move back into the flat with him even if he asked. Not when he had a child now. John had settled down, found himself a wife and started a family. Those were all the things a life with Sherlock wouldn't give him. The flat was no place to raise a child and Sherlock couldn't even give him a child. And Sherlock would make a terrible parent.
Lestrade met Sherlock outside of the yellow police tape that blocked off the house. “Are you serious?” he asked, trying not to raise his voice too high to gather any attention.
John couldn't hide his disappointment. He was so excited to have Eleanor in his life and he had hoped Sherlock would have shared that excitement. Or at least tried to. It wouldn't be that hard to fake a smile and hold the baby for a few minutes at least.
“Are your cases getting more dangerous, or are you just getting more reckless?” John asked, placing the shard of glass on a cloth that sat on the sink's rim. Both John and Sherlock had suffered a number of injuries during their adventures. Some could be patched up with a bandage, others required a trip to A&E. At the time, it didn't bother John to see Sherlock get hurt, because he was always there to fix him. But it bothered him now.
“John.” Sherlock suddenly opened his eyes and they locked onto John's. They stared at each other as John fucked him and it was only then Sherlock began to realise how ridiculous all of this was. How they were
John laughed at the very thought of the DI, who on a regular basis saw gruesome crimes, confronted killers as his day job, didn't have the courage to ask meek, timid, quiet Molly on a date. Although, when John took in Greg's dejected expression, he realised laughter probably wasn't the best response.
Sherlock's eyes snapped open and he saw John standing before him. The doctor smiled, but his eyes looked tired and his hair was sloppy and ruffled about. The jacket he was wearing had been quickly pulled on and was lopsided on him and one of his shoelaces had become untied during his walk up the stairs.
John frowned. "Do you not want to marry me?" John had never expected to ever get married to Sherlock and was content with just living with him. There didn't have to be titles of "boyfriend" or even "husband." But when Sherlock was so close to proposing to him, John realised that he would like to get married with a proper wedding. And since then, the thought of marriage had never left.
There was something still charming about the show. The way it was written perhaps, or the set, or the actors themselves.
John nodded, unsure how to leave. Part of him didn't want to leave at all. The flat still felt like his home and he wanted to find some excuse to stay the night, but he couldn't think of one when he had a baby to look after. And Mary would worry if he stayed out too late.
John realised Greg was staring at him, worried. To take the attention away from him, he flashed a grin and changed the subject: “Seeing anyone lately?”
“Trouble can't keep its hands off of you,” John teased as he glanced to the ceiling, remembering his old bedroom was just on the floor above. When he left the flat after Sherlock's death, the bedroom was empty and John wondered if it had stayed empty all this time or if Sherlock was using it for something. Maybe to house extra experiments. “Are you going to get a new flatmate?” he asked suddenly.
Greg seemed to instantly forget about his concerns about John when the conversation had shifted to himself. “No. No, but there's someone I'm interested in. Just can't get the guts to ask her on a date.”
Mycroft smiled. This case was an easy one. Even Sherlock could figure it out on his own. No, he didn't come here for help with a case, he came for another reason. “Isn't it obvious? It was a secret twin.”
Sherlock stood tall and proud, wearing his long dark coat and dark blue scarf. In his pockets was his magnifying glass, phone, lock-picking tools (you never know) and whatever else might come in useful for a case. Strapped to his chest was Rosie in her carrier. The dangling scarf was unfortunately within reach of Rosie and she had started to chew on it.
“Right.” John pulled the blanket back to reveal one of her tiny, delicate hands. All the bones were there, all tendons and veins where they needed to be. Sherlock took a moment to appreciate just how perfectly made she was. Just how two cells coming together to create something as complicated as her. John pressed his index finger to her palm and she instinctively held onto it. She whined and shrugged her shoulders before settling herself into her blankets again. “This is Eleanor. Eleanor Elizabeth Watson.”
The distraction was a welcome one to Sherlock. Asking John was turning in a disaster and he needed to collect his thoughts. The text in question was from Lestrade. A new case in fact. Sherlock was about to pocket his phone and ignore the text but John spoke up.
John sat on the sofa. “Can't,” he replied as he turned on the television, hoping there was something on that could calm his mind. A cop show caught his eye. John kept the television on the lowest volume setting, not wanting to disturb Sherlock's reading. Sherlock could barely hear the mumbled voices and put his book down and sat beside John on the sofa and adjusted the volume.
Sherlock kept an eye on how much wine John was drinking and frequently offered to top him off again. When that bottle was finished between the two of them, he quickly opened another. John stared into his red-stained cup and realised Sherlock was trying to get him drunk. But he wasn't sure why. Part of him wondered if it was to recreate that night when they kissed, but John quickly banished that thought, not wanting to get his hopes up. This was probably for a case. The wine probably had something laced in it. Or maybe Sherlock wanted to study the effects of a hangover.
The doctor gently pressed the damp cloth to the torn skin. Sherlock hissed in pain as John pulled his hand back from the sore spot. “Sorry.”
John's heart skipped a beat when he heard the offer. He had sworn off case work with Sherlock when Eleanor was born. It was too dangerous for him and he wanted his child to grow up with normal parents. As normal as a former army doctor and ex-assassin could be as parents. John and Mary had promised each other to change their ways, to put raising Eleanor first on their list of priorities.
John pressed his face against Sherlock's coat, taking in that familiar scent of cigarettes, rain, and the musty smell of the flat. It offered him comfort, but it didn't make the pain go away.
Sherlock stood over John's sleeping form. What was taking him so long? Was he thinking about something important? The wait was becoming tedious and as he waited, he began to realise the very real possibility that John would not wake up.
“I studied childcare in university. I was actually going to start my own daycare, but my mum fell ill and now I don't have the time for it.” That got a sympathetic look from John. Sherlock seemed indifferent about her ill mother. “I'm the only one who can look after my mum, but I still need some sort of a job. And you said looking after little Rosie would be part-time, so I think I can work that into my messy life.”
John began to pack up the first aid kit and stored it under the bathroom sink as Sherlock left the bathroom, hand on his bandages.
“What's wrong?” Sherlock looked concerned when he felt John pull away. “Did I do something wrong? Did I – ”
Sherlock just stared at the sight before him. Of John sitting on his cock, and the sight of John's fully erect cock. Sherlock took in every detail he could from his soft stomach to his old gunshot wound.
“I'm heading to work,” John said as he grabbed his coat off the hanger. John couldn't help but smile when he took in the sight of Sherlock and Rosie curled up together on the sofa. It looked so natural. “What are you reading?”
“You said it wasn't dangerous,” Sherlock replied, ducking under the police tape. “If it's not dangerous, then it's safe. If it's safe, I can bring Rosie.”
The two stared at each other, their noses practically touching. Sherlock was trying to find something clever to say while John wasn't sure what to say. But instead of speaking, they both burst out into laughter. John his hid face into Sherlock's neck while Sherlock laughed his deep laugh. The laughter died down to giggles and then they went quiet.
Sherlock squeezed out of his pants, but felt suddenly self-conscious to be dressed in only his underwear in front of John. Sherlock pulled himself under the covers for some shred of privacy. Soon enough he was cocooned under the blankets, stuck between John and the old mattress. When he struggled out of his underwear, he slowly stretched his legs out. It had been ages since he had sex and he wasn't particularly looking forward the to uncomfortable stretch John's cock would give him.
Greg let out a delighted laugh as he looked at all of the pictures, taking a moment to admire each one. “Look at her. Just look at her! Getting bigger each day!” Greg's excitement was contagious and John soon found himself smiling as well. “Got a wonderful wife, and a beautiful baby girl. Things couldn't get much better for you, eh?”
When the show was over, Lestrade turned the television off. “Goodnight,” he muttered as he made his way to his own room. Sherlock stretched himself out on the sofa, tucking himself in. Lestrade took a final glance at the figure on his sofa before closing the door to his bedroom.
Lestrade glanced over and smiled at the sight of Sherlock: that was the way Sherlock would sit on the sofa all those years ago when they first met.
John checked his watch, then looked back out the window. This was all a bit strange to him, that Sherlock happened to have a case at the exact moment John had a conference. In all honesty, he was looking forward to some time alone. Alone time was something he never seemed to have much of and he needed it now more than ever. Just time to think.
The coffee shop buzzed with activity. The door was constantly opening, letting in bursts of cold air. People around them were muttering to their friends or into their phones, or noisily typing into their laptops.
John nodded. “Right.” Eleanor whimpered, then began to cry, balling her tiny hands into fists. She kicked and fussed and John held her against his chest, resting her head on his shoulder, trying to shush her. But the baby continued to cry, refusing to quiet down. "What is it, love?" he cooed, rubbing her back, gently rocking her from side to side. John tried bouncing her, shushing her, but the baby's cries only grew louder and louder.
Sherlock's cheeks turned red with embarrassment. Unable to tell the truth, he just shook his head. “No.”
“Ta,” John said with a nod as a server replaced his empty pint with a new one. Across from him was Lestrade, nursing a pint between his hands.
Later that night, when John was nearly asleep, he felt Sherlock wrap his arms around him. John smiled as he placed his hand over Sherlock's.
“Oh. Yeah, right.” John put the parcel on the floor and crouched down to tie his shoe. When it was knotted again, he glanced up to Sherlock, looking at him expectantly. But Sherlock said nothing and John looked disappointed. “How've you been?” he asked as he moved to his old chair, bringing the parcel with him, this time placing it on the ground beside his chair.
“I never caught him, you know. I uh, well I got a bit cut up and decided to call it a night. I was wondering if you'd like to accompany next time I go out. If I'm getting more reckless, I'd like to have my doctor nearby to stitch me back up again.”
“Yeah.” John nodded, deciding he'd have to sneak out. One case wouldn't hurt and Mary didn't have to know. “Yeah. I'd love to.”
There were no signs of weapons in the room, or anything that could be useful to his search for John. No clues, nothing out of place. The room was tidy as it had always been, with the bed made, pillows fluffed and laptop tucked neatly under the bed. Lestrade preferred to keep his laptop
Sherlock pulled the wig off and tossed it aside when he stepped inside the room and ran his fingers through his flattened curls. The glasses were placed on the desk along with the bags. One of the bags held two servings of fish and chips and the other carried a few bottles of wine. John never considered wine to go with fish and chips, but he wasn't about to turn it down.
Rosie had been particularly fussy all day and John was stubborn in refusing Sherlock's help. By the time she was put to bed, John was ready for some sleep himself. It wasn't even 8:00, but he felt like he needed the early night.
Sherlock then went for Lestrade's email account. The password was again, Barney's and he was let in without any trouble. From there it was a quick search through contacts to find an officer – friend or colleague – who would prove to be more useful than Lestrade.
Inside, John hung up his sopping wet coat and kicked off his shoes. Sherlock went to get the kettle on, deciding John needed a warm drink after being in the rain for so long. As the kettle warmed itself up, Sherlock took a seat on the sofa and held his hand out for the envelope. John reluctantly handed it over and Sherlock held it to the light. There was something inside.
“How--” John was about to ask Sherlock how he knew the envelope was found, but decided not to waste time on such a question. “Mary's underwear drawer.”
Sherlock struggled out of his shirt and dressing gown. His skin was still wet from John's kisses and part of him wanted to stay seated on the sofa. John clearly wasn't thinking straight. If he had been mortified to kiss Sherlock in the hotel room, why would he come on to him like that? A pit developed in Sherlock's stomach. It was just a way to get back at Mary. The only thing he was good for was some type of revenge.
Molly bit her lip. “So why is it you've come here?” She couldn't stay angry with Sherlock, she knew that. And if he needed help, she'd give it to him. But she wished she could be seen as his equal instead of something he could use.
Time passed. Sherlock spent ages on Lestrade's sofa and John remained silent. Lestrade seemed more than content to stay idle and “just see where things go” with John, as if expecting John would somehow show up on the doorstep to the flat acting as though he hadn't been missing for the past few weeks.
"John Watson, you are the most -- what I mean is you're my closest friend. And my companion. And my partner. And lover. And--"
Sherlock smiled as he sipped his tea. Their relationship still went without a title, but it was nice to see John worrying about the kind of impressions they'd give. Some days he couldn't believe they were an actual couple and when he realised that, his stomach felt nervous but in a good way.
Sherlock smiled. “Not afraid of you. I was never afraid of you. I –” The headlights from the cab could be seen from the flat window. John stepped back from Sherlock and wiped his lips with the back of his sleeve. Even though he was still drunk, he seemed to realize what was happening: that their moment was over and he had to return to being a husband. John gave a nod as he stepped out of the flat.
Sherlock sat on the bed and reached down to pull the laptop out of hiding, then opened its lid. After turning it on, it asked for the password. Sherlock paused. Abigail was the name Lestrade's of his oldest child, but it wasn't accepted as the password. Second child was Daniel, but again, that wasn't accepted.
“I'm sure Marcella's not had many couples in our...situation. Two blokes raising a baby together right after the mother and wife died, and then got together. I...I want her to think we're capable.”
Sherlock nodded and placed the now empty box on the bedside table and got back into bed. John admired his ring.
you have a chance with her!” John replied. “Just ask her! She'll say yes!” Greg's expression softened. John then realised Greg wasn't afraid of Molly herself, he was afraid of rejection. Being turned down in the kindest of ways still hurt. And, John supposed, even DIs who lived a dangerous and scary life could still fear rejection. “Just bloody ask her before some other bloke does!” And John was sure some other bloke would: Molly was kind and caring and sweet, but unafraid to stand up for herself. She seemed like a perfect match for Greg. They both had gruesome careers and the same interests. Greg would be an idiot to not ask her out, to just sit on the sidelines and let the fear of rejection take over.
Sherlock watched a thin line of steam emerge from the kettle's spout. Gynaecologist or not, John still had available access to Google.
Without warning, he threw the remains of his fish and chips from his lap and awkwardly grabbed Sherlock's face and kissed him. Sherlock tasted like wine and grease and vinegar and ketchup. It wasn't a pleasant taste, but he didn't care.
“How's he doing?” Lestrade let himself into John's room and took a seat on the worn padded chair. Sherlock sat in the other, his eyes focused on John. The room was kept dark so John could rest easier. The only source of light was from the streetlight that crept in through the window. “Heard they got the bleeding under control. Bullet's out nice and clean. Give him a few weeks of rest and he'll be good as new.”
All the things John valued in life were given to him by someone else. It hurt to realise that and hurt even more to accept that. John was happy with Mary. And it would be selfish of Sherlock to try and take any of that happiness away.
“Come on,” Lestrade said as he opened the door, inviting himself in. “I'm not gonna have you wasting the day sleeping.”
Sherlock felt his heart sink. If John wanted to hire a nanny, Sherlock couldn't stop him. But he'd be heartbroken. Then again, he knew this arrangement wouldn't last long. Sherlock wasn't a proper caretaker and Rosie needed someone who was better skilled to attend to her needs.
Sherlock for a moment looked embarrassed. To him it was a fine idea to bring Rosie, but maybe it wasn't that fine of an idea after all. Maybe it was even selfish to drag Rosie out here knowing it was against John's wishes. Maybe he had to give up a few things when looking after her. But a moment later he looked like his stone-cold self. “Feel free to drop by the flat when you figure out you can't solve this case on your own.”
John smiled. “There's nothing I like better than cases with you.” John leaned over to kiss him. “So in short: yes.”
“Jo-” Sherlock wasn't even able to finish his name when he suddenly reached his climax. Sherlock stared at the ceiling, his mouth slightly open as he felt...how did he feel? Like he was falling and floating at the same time. Like he was drowning and swimming. That feeling he had when he finished a particularly hard case. Euphoria and excitement and calmness all wrapped into one.
Sherlock pulled back for a moment and stared at John. Stared at his red cheeks and lips that had turned pink from kissing them. Stared at his expression of both confusion and surprise. John stared back at him, looked at how messy his curly hair had become. Saw the lopsided smile that was always a treat to see.
“We haven't seen what's in the envelope. For all we know it's a cheque with a very large sum of money from a family member. Maybe a belated birthday card from a friend. We can't form conclusions when we ignore the--”
Sherlock leaned against the kitchen counter, keeping space between himself and John. Silence fell between them. Before, when John still lived with him, there was silence. But that silence filled the room and made the flat feel warm. No one felt obligated to make conversation, or break the quiet.
John awkwardly shifted his weight from one leg to the other as he tried to find the right words. “Seems a bit silly, y'know, me having to always stop by the flat to pick up Rosie or drop her off. Takes time out of my day. The flat's not even near the clinic.”
Sherlock sank into the mattress, looking completely relaxed and at ease, looking comfortable but still vulnerable. That very sight sent John over the edge. John came into his hand and dripped onto Sherlock's stomach.
With the button out of the way, Sherlock closed the distance between himself and John and started to kiss down John's bare neck. John closed his eyes and allowed Sherlock to do what he wanted: kiss, bite, nibble. It had been ages since he was kissed like that and he wasn't about to let it stop. In fact, he wanted more.
Lestrade nodded. “Good. That's good, then.” Sherlock went quiet again. “So are you gonna spend the night here or d'ya want a ride home?”
Without warning the pain came. John fell to his knees, then to the ground, settling himself in a forming puddle. The army of officers charged at the suspect, but they ignored John, left him lying on the pavement.
“She doesn't even understand what she's seeing. She'll forget it all by the time she gets tucked in for bed.” Sherlock stood up. “I only see one body. Where's the other three? What makes you sure they're connected?”
The conference was boring. The man suspected for cheating on his wife – Dr Richardson – droned on and on from behind a podium. The hall was full of nearly one hundred people, both young and old. Some were jotting down notes and nodding their heads as they listened, while others (like John) were ready to fall asleep. John found his bed too lumpy and didn't sleep as well as he would have liked and found it difficult to keep his eyes open.
“That night. I don't remember all of it,” he admitted. “But I remember I got drunk. And then I went to your flat. And we talked a bit, I remember that just fine. And then it got a bit fuzzy, but I know what happened. I know what we did.”
They were tired of the interviews when Marcella Abbot arrived to the flat and took a seat in the middle of Sherlock and John. She had a gentle smile and when she saw Rosie playing with her blocks on the floor, Marcella held her hands out. “Come here my darling,” she said, her voice soft. Rosie crawled to the woman and Marcella placed the girl in her lap. “She's absolutely gorgeous.” Marcella's long red hair spilled over her shoulder and Rosie grabbed a handful of it.
John made a few notes in his book. She had the training, certainly, but maybe not the experience. But Rosie seemed to love her already. Sherlock kept his notebook blank.
“Sorry I'm late,” John said as he stood in the doorway, slightly out of breath. Rosie gave a squeal of delight and held her arms out towards John. Sherlock handed her over and Rosie nestled her head into John's neck.
Sherlock stayed silent and John's heart fell to his wine-filled stomach. Shit. That wasn't the plan at all, was it? Shit, why did he say that? Why did he think that was a good idea? Now he had just made things even more worse. John downed whatever was left in his cup.
“I can't,” John said, pulling away from Sherlock, moving to the other side of the bed. “I'm sorry, but I can't.” Drunk or not, he couldn't do that to his wife. They had pledged themselves to each other and the thought of breaking that just didn't sit right with him. She'd find out, no doubt. She was smart like that. Cheating would ruin their relationship. Probably cause a divorce. And what would that do for poor Eleanor? Eleanor needed her parents together, didn't she?
John pulled back the blankets and coated his fingers with the lube and glanced at Sherlock's hard cock. Sherlock felt sudden embarrassment as John stared at him and he just wanted to hide under the blankets again. No one ever saw him this vulnerable or this exposed and he was nearly afraid John would say something hurtful.
Sherlock closed his eyes, trying to relax. Clear his mind. Think. Think about anything else. The current case he was working on, perhaps. In a moment he could see the crime scene just the way he left it, and he could see himself walking through it. The sister had obviously done it. She was crying when he asked her questions, but those weren't real tears. They rolled down her cheek as she sobbed, just as a child would when trying to con their mother out of an extra treat. What gave her away was her lips. The simple frown she wore. When people cried, when people were truly upset, their lips would pull themselves back to reveal teeth, a smile in a way. The sister didn't have that expression. It was just a frown anyone could fake. But finding out how she did it was the difficult piece. She couldn't be arrested on just what he said (Lestrade made that very clear) so he had to expose her. She'd make a mistake eventually and he'd--
Sherlock moved slowly, bringing another drawn out moan from John’s mouth. The water was still beating at John’s back and now they were both drenched in water and pre-cum. John’s hands immediately went to the brunet’s hair and grabbed handfuls of the curls to keep himself under control. John let go off his hair and placed on hand on the wall as he felt Sherlock’s tongue flick and circle his head. Sherlock’s eyes darted up to John as he sucked and licked his cock like his life depended on it.
“It means that I think so highly of you, that there is not a word invented that can perfectly sum you up, so I guess I’m stuck with using the boring adjectives the English language could come up with.”
“Now’s not the time to act daft, John. Contrary to popular belief, I know when I’ve overstayed my welcome. Say the word and I’ll pack my things and leave.”
“But The Doctor has seen something like this before, he was the one who helped us get away, as well as provide us with the information on the peculiar statue.”
Okay so I'm so sorry that this has taken so long! I will try to update it, but I don't think I'll have it go on for much longer. Thank you again for your immense patience!
‘Shut up. You enjoyed it, I know you did.’ I was almost laughing, but then the beep from one of your machines stopped me entirely.
“Let me go!” His eyes were still closed and John only held him tighter. “It’s me Sherl, it’s me. It’s John.”
"My point is, while it may seem like the world is out to get you, you'll find somebody out there who loves you just as much as Redbeard did. He'll..."
John stopped his process of getting ready for bed and walked over to the window to let the Doctor in. As soon as it was opened enough, the Doctor crawled inside. He looked around for a bit, and then his eyes landed on Sherlock who was still sound asleep. His smile shortened and he walked over to the ill detective.
John wanted to hear Sherlock laugh all the time. He wanted to see him this happy for the rest of their lives, he’ll make it his mission to make up for all the time Sherlock has felt sad and lonely and pining for a love he never thought he could have.
Sherlock’s lips pressed together in a slight smile. “From the outside. It should be empty now of night, Mycroft probably shooed them away by now.”
Holmes and Watson were of course walking together, while Sherlock, John, and The Doctor were walking side by side. John and Sherlock were fighting their hands so that they wouldn’t connect. They couldn’t wait to leave, they were free to do what they wanted with each other as they pleased and there would be no threats of arrest, or anything. They would be husbands, and even though Sherlock didn’t show it as much as John did, he was pretty damn excited.
That seemed to ease you because you lessened your grip and let your arm sink. I remember us staring at each other. Your eyes were watery and sagged, because of the drowsiness. Your mouth was slightly opened. You gave a weak smile and I returned one. I stroked your cheek and turned in my chair so that I could face you better. I was tired to hell, at that point, Sherlock, I resisted the urge to close my eyes and sleep right there.
“But I’m glad that you two have that right, you can be together and not give a care in the world. Here, if we dare to do such a thing, we shall find ourselves either facing time in prison, or hanging from the gallows if such a punishment is necessary, and I rather not face the hangman’s noose at the moment.”
“Simple, you’ll both die, and if your companion managed to survive the angels, then they shall die too.”
“She simply passed on. Even I can barely explain how it happened, and I would prefer not to as well. Do forgive me.”
Sherlock’s doing better today. John thought as they lay in bed. John had no work, and Sherlock decided that the three of them should have a day in bed.
'Do you think that I want this, Sherlock? To have you whisked away from Baker Street and placed in a hospital cot?' I felt like I was talking to a child, but in my defense, you were acting like one. Your curls were low and they were strewn about all over your face with the tips being damp from the sweat you produced while screaming. Your skin was deathly pale, and you were so worn from the tantrum you threw for the...what was it...the fifth time that week? At first, I was gentle, I let you vent and then I told you that it was for the best, but then you kept doing it, you kept on with the fighting and then a small part of me, the tiniest bit of my being wanted you gone. I hated myself for thinking that way, I guess it was the stress of everything that was happening. I didn't mean that, I didn't want you gone, I wanted you with me for as long as time would possibly allow us.
"I have already signed them, and the court has already granted me the rights. As of right now, I am Kylie's guardian."
“Cut the shit, Sherlock. Talk to me; tell me how you’re feeling. Get angry at me, I know you want to.”
John's jaw was clenched and his stance straightened. He was used to Sherlock not telling him things, but this takes the cake. A weird man with a bowtie and suspenders is standing outside their flat screaming his name, and like the madman that he is, he runs outside grinning like an idiot. And John is just finding out about this man that Sherlock has met before years earlier, and expects him to be okay with that! At the sight of Sherlock's pleading eyes, John's attitude softened and he wanted to be closer to his fiancee to whom he was getting married to tomorrow.
“If they touch you, they’ll send you a different period of time, it could range from the Victorian ages, to World War Two, and you’ll have to live the rest of your life out there, alone, and in an unknown place…you’ll have no way of ever coming back.”
He looked like he wanted to say something to you, but then Kylie gurgled and his head darted over to her and me. He gave something of a smile but then focused on you again.
Moriarty’s smirk widened and he opened his mouth to speak, but then shut it just as quickly. His head snapped towards the door and his smile could almost touch his ears.
Sherlock almost looked ashamed to say whatever it was he was thinking. He closed his eyes, took a breath, and said, “I’ve never had one.”
"But I don't want to administer such a potent drug if he has never been introduced to it before. You seem to be close enough to him, tell me, can he handle a dosage?"
He exhaled when he heard Sherlock’s short chuckle. They say their goodbyes and John attempts to distract himself with the mountain of paperwork and patients that enter his office.
, he scolds himself silently. He told himself to write everything down on a post-it note later on. A list of reminders, just something to look at once in a while. He looks at her with a false smile and holds his hand out for her to latch on to.They head to his room to commence the movie night. John secretly hoped that Sherlock would show. When they're sat on the bed, watching Lady and the Tramp, he laughs to himself when the meatball scene comes up. He tried to get Sherlock to reenact it with him on their anniversary. Sherlock missed the whole point, as was expected, and snatched the noodle right out of John's mouth. He couldn't understand what John found so romantic about "Playing Tug O' War with their mouths" and proceeded to eat the rest of their shared meal by himself. John should have been angry, but he wasn't. He was captivated by the oblivious genius that sat across from him. Utterly and completely in love with the madman.
