He gives a tight half-smile. Then the waiter comes to take our plates away, and leaves the dessert menu. I could do without it, myself, but Sherlock is keen, so we stay. I order a chocolate mousse or something. Sherlock gets a fancy ice cream assortment. Mine is fine, undistinguished. Sherlock takes a bite of his, and—pauses. Takes another bite, his brow wrinkled in concentration.
The sight that met his eyes was strange indeed.  The door gave onto a large sitting room that would have been cozy were it not in such disarray.  Just now, though, all the furniture stood jumbled in the corners, and the rug had been rolled back to expose bare boards.  On these was scribed an elaborate pattern of circles, triangles, and arcane symbols, in the middle of which stood Sherlock Holmes, stripped to the waist.  John had heard rumors that magicians covered their bodies in protective tattoos, but that was not true of Sherlock; his skin was perfectly bare, nearly hairless and as pale as the moon.  He was thin, but not desperately so, lean muscles showing in his chest and in his arms, which he set akimbo as he addressed John.
After a few moments of stillness, Sherlock levers himself up to take off his remaining clothes. I take the opportunity to swab my belly off a bit. Then Sherlock lies down again and tucks himself up under my arm, all naked now and warm and bare. I kiss his forehead, and he rubs his lips against my chest.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “I remember her visiting us all the time before my parents died. The rest of the family thought she was a cranky old bitch.”
“I tried to make you think so,” he said. “But the truth is, I am a desperately physical creature. Will you kiss me again?”
Sherlock’s breath quickens. The heat of his hands leaves me and he fumbles for a moment in the bedside drawer—no big deduction there.
in the other.  With all of that strangeness, John was not at all surprised to see a pair of pointed ears peeking out from beneath the man’s astonishingly red curls.  And the business with the eyes, of course--another magician, though if Sherlock was eccentric, this fellow was positively a throwback.
“Oh, that,” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively.  “Don’t think you’ll be having those dreams anymore.  They’re far too disruptive to be allowed.  Now, do you mind? I still haven’t collected what I need.”
“I will concede that you have been extremely foolish,” I said, though secretly I was relieved to hear him speak with some alertness.
“How can you stand it?”  asks Sarah, the woman I’m meant to be dating.  We’re filming some background scenes to go with the case of the Chinese graffiti.
, just been together, with all the time in the world ahead of them. Some emotion expanded in his chest, and his conversation dwindled to monosyllables.
We steal away from Mycroft’s house on foot, then duck into a shed where we dress up as gardeners and commandeer a motorized cart for a ride down the road to the gate at the edge of the property, where one of the armed guards gives Sherlock a nod and lets us through. Then we get into a car. Then there’s a helicopter, again. Apparently Sherlock is fine with helicopters now.
“It’s doing harm to you,” John said.  “I’d like to know what it’s supposed to accomplish, if you don’t mind.”
“Well, that’s him out of the way,” Richard Brook says, in a voice meant to carry. “Thanks for that, My Lord.” The judge nods his wigged head gravely. Brook steps out of the defendant’s box and paces to the front of the courtroom with measured strides. He holds the assembled crowd’s attention easily.
“I can see everything,” Sherlock says. “The crowds, the…factions.” His voice sounds thick, shaking a little. I see his free hand move to his face, covering his mouth for a moment, and I hear the sound of it on the phone, a breath sucked in past his fingers. “They’re telling me…Brook, he’s telling me. That none of this is real, that I’m—“
“Ask him what he’s wearing,” Sherlock said. It was slang, a way to ask whether Lestrade was presently Alpha or Omega.
He didn’t notice that he was still gripping Sherlock’s hand until the magician withdrew it, flexing his fingers slightly as though the strength of John’s grip had hurt him.
“Can I see Patience yet?” she asked, clutching tightly at a letter in her hand. She was maybe a third year, Gryffindor.
If what Billy says is true, then our presence here is likely much less intensely monitored than our life in Sherlock’s London. Mycroft must be under more pressure from Moriarty than I’ve realized. There will still be hidden cameras, but there are always blind spots in such systems. Come to that, the woods and moorlands can’t possibly be fully wired up, and it’s much too open an environment for Sherlock’s movements to be predicted with any certainty. Still, Mycroft must be counting on a lot of the action happening in certain places: Dewer’s Hollow, Baskerville. The audience may even enjoy the new spy-cam format.
“God, Sherlock,” John moaned. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered up for a moment as he bobbed his head on John’s cock—rather expertly, if John was any judge. He clearly hadn’t limited himself to wanking for all this time. Who had been his first? John wondered. Who had taught him this, who had pulled his hair? How old had he been when he lost his awkwardness and turned into this gorgeous creature?
So Sherlock sits in his chair with nothing to do, nothing to keep his mind off of the thing lodged inside him. The temperature of the silicone still hasn’t quite risen to match his own, and he can feel the whole chilly length of it. Sitting puts pressure on the knobby bits, in particular. Probably designed for that. He shifts, and shifts again. Clever.
He opens the file in his mobile PDF viewer.  The government seal and fake warning message appear once again.  He swipes them aside.
John whispered fiercely, “when I found you drunk off your tits on some noxious brew, cooking up poison in your secret laboratory? That time?”
John grimaces and rubs a hand over his face. “You’re not wrong,” he says. “I just hope you’ve got Mary convinced you really need me. She’ll be livid if she thinks I’ve left her alone with the baby to take a pleasure trip.”
“I’m sure I haven’t the faintest idea,” he says. “Some jealous tiff? A professional disagreement?” He leans forward. “Did he leave ears in the kettle again?”
,” Sherlock flapped a hand toward the upended cauldron. “Just a thing. Bit of fun. Makes people glowy, though, haven’t been able to solve that.”
“Deduction, John. Simple observation and deduction. How long were you imprisoned? Assuming you know.”
“Indeed.  Take my hand, please.”  Sherlock held out his hand, his attention fixed on the stone in front of him.  John regarded that hand for a moment, long, pale fingers curled in elegant invitation.  He knew this was his last chance to turn back.  He hesitated.
“My apologies,” he said. “I was…dreaming.” I could tell he was in some distress at my having caught him. Good lord, if he only knew!
And then we’re in my room. I shut the door behind Sherlock, and when I turn back he’s—right there, hovering close enough that I have to look up. He seems to hesitate, maybe giving me a chance to object, but that chance slips away somehow. This time when our lips meet it goes straight through me: eyes closed and sinking fast as his hands come to rest with bird-like lightness on my upper arms. My own hands are crabbed, uncertain, not knowing where or how to touch, but then—
I stare at the ceiling, wondering what I can possibly say. It’s all for him, all my restraint and care, so that I can stand to look my own reflection in the eye. But it’s not working.
Again that boyish grin. “Well, it’s pretty clear you two couldn’t be pried apart by anything short of a crowbar, so, no, I’m not worried.”
Sherlock shifts in his chair. About nine hours since John spanked him to a rosy glow, came between his thighs, and left him aching. In every sense of that word. Gorgeous bastard. Sherlock shifts again. They’d both been alpha, then, and he got off on the denial, but, he tells himself, he’s not much appreciating it now. He’d like very much to get on with things.
Sherlock is thinking, but John’s hot hand is on his cock, working in slow, firm strokes, and the thought flutters away. John kisses him, and he moans into the kiss, and John answers with a satisfied chuckle, speeding up his strokes. He licks and nips at Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock hasn’t eaten all day, so we get a takeaway on the way home. He settles his socked feet up side-by-side against mine under the table as we’re eating. It’s such a simple thing that it shakes me out of my gloom a little, and I meet his eyes. Smiling, he lets one toe drag along the arch of my foot.
Lestrade was no fool, thank God. He had already disengaged from John and was looking around at the sound of Sherlock’s approach. Hardly registering his stammered apologies, Sherlock shouldered him out of the way and went right to the post. John’s scent had brought him instantly back to full hardness, and he sank in with no resistance whatsoever.
“Of course you matter,” I say, and this much of the truth, at least, I can tell him. “You’re brilliant. You’re so…
“John, surely,” I said. I shifted and opened my thighs a little so that his prick slipped between them. Then I squeezed my legs together to make a channel for him.
“Work to do,” he said as he turned away, and he was right, of course. John went to back to his cauldron and his book.
. She was holding one phone, and trying to keep the other out of Mycroft’s hands. Eventually, he got it, or so I believed. I never stopped to think what had become of the other one.
So John worked, and the months passed. The Christmas Holiday came and went, with its various familial obligations and awkward moments. John didn’t bring Sherlock home to meet his parents, but he did tell them about him, and his mum went so far as to profess herself happy for him. After the holiday, they dismantled John’s nook and got rid of the extra bed. Sometimes, when John woke up alone in the bed they shared, he could tell that Sherlock had played him out of a bad dream, but the violin always switched to a more ordinary tune before he opened his eyes. They never spoke of it directly.
Following the pull of his hand, I let myself slide nearer. The warmth of him bleeds through the thin layers of cloth between us.
The morning dawned bright and terribly early. Reluctantly, they separated, washed, and dressed, and John trip-trapped down the tower stairs with Sherlock. They kissed goodbye, and John went to work. The hospital wing was quiet in the morning, and John occupied himself with stocking the supply cupboards. He felt a little less raw today than yesterday—maybe just because the first-day jitters were out of the way, but it felt like more than that. He hummed Sherlock’s tune to himself, and when Patience Pettibone’s first visitor arrived, he smiled, recognizing her from the day before.
John Watson’s last class on the last day of his third year at Hogwarts was Herbology. The Hufflepuffs were meant to be wrapping up the Argentine Alstroemeria plants in enchanted parchment for their summer dormancy, but nobody was very focused on the task. Even normally studious John had a head full of summery visions: the long, warm days back home in Devonshire, knocking about the countryside with the other Wizarding kids. And then there was the house cup, for which both Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw were contenders, for once, and nobody could seem to stop talking about it, even when Professor Sprout shushed them.
“Well, it fits the facts.” And there must have been something in my voice that made him believe me, because he leans back against his pillow as though drained, and says nothing more.
and Aesop’s Fables. But, for obvious reasons, a poison came into their relationship. Maybe Sherlock sensed something. Maybe Mycroft couldn’t live with himself. There was a chill that spread and spread, until they couldn’t stand the sight of one another. So Mycroft withdrew to observe from afar.
“God, Sherlock,” John breathes. His hand strokes unsteadily up and Sherlock’s spine. “God, gorgeous. I love this. I love you.”
“It was our potion,” he said at last. “At the end of the year you left, I had—I had brewed up your Panacea potion, the same as my own. All the groups of three had their final potions combined when they went into the stores. Snape put yours and mine together, and he gave me a little bit of it to keep. I carried it with me after that, as a kind of good luck charm, I suppose.”
“Christ,” I moan, as I finally get the inside door of Baker Street against my back.  “Christ, I really thought we were done for.”
I give an incredulous snort. “Why? It’s not as though I’ll be around for it. Never see him again, probably.”
“Is this how he touches you?” Greg asked. John gasped, his face lovely with it. Greg must be—must have his fingers inside him.
“No?” He’s looking awfully shifty all of a sudden, hiding behind his teacup. God, does he really not—
“The keys to the kingdom,” he says. “Scrambling software. She was using it to move about in here without my knowledge.” He smiles thinly, leaning forward. “That is not acceptable.”
I don’t know what I expected, but not this: the flat is empty. Unfinished, in fact: the walls showing bare wooden framing, no fixtures in the kitchen, nothing covering the rough lumber of the floor.
“Tuesday, yes. But we won’t be waiting that long. Come on, help me pick a restaurant. And I guess we’d also better call Vanessa.”
but you’re too much a slave to your cock to refuse sex when it’s right on the table. Then you feel guilty about it, but only until the next time I throw myself at you.”
Snape shook his head slowly—almost sadly, as it seemed to John. “I’m sorry, Mr. Watson. There’s nothing I or anyone can tell you. You must look to your future, not your past.”
“Watson!” somebody shouts. And then I’m being grabbed, pushed. “Pick him up!” somebody shouts. Then adrenaline kicks in, and I’m fighting, fighting dirty with elbows and knees and nails. I break free of the crowd at last and run, keeping my head down. I pull my jacket up over my head to hide my face, and in this manner I make it back through the tumult to the empty flat—the one from the card. The Kitty Riley one. It’s the only safe place I can think of that I can get to fast enough.
When he gets back to the inn, the sudden flood of warmth and yellow light puts a stop to his whirling thoughts. Instead of going up to his room (his alone, certainly, as John has obviously arranged for a room of his own by now), he finds himself drawn to a pair of chairs by the fireside, slumped side by side like a pair of old men. He sits, and someone comes to take his drink order. A drink appears. Then John appears. He sits in the other chair. They’re talking, and then they’re fighting, and then John leaves. Well then. All right. Good.
And that was the last time he had anyone, really. Now his head is pillowed on my chest, and he’s just starting to doze.
Sherlock is out in the yard, talking to a young man with a painted sign. Gary is behind the bar. I’d originally planned to just come down and ask for a different room, but, God, I could really use a pint.
“Ah, you’ve come,” he said, sounding pleased.  “Your timing is good.  I hadn’t meant to put you to work quite so soon, but it’s become a necessity.  Would you mind taking up that holly branch there?”
I pause, swallowing my initial response that I don’t mind a little mess. “Do you want to stop altogether?”
“It’s just that there’s been some quite interesting stuff about you in the press. Online. If you google yourself.”  She stops, blushing. “Not that I’ve been googling you, I mean. It’s just. Interesting.”
“Mm, that’s better,” Greg said. “It’s no wonder Sherlock doesn’t want you if you can’t behave. But then again, you are so fuckable, it’s hard to resist you. I think you’d better turn over.”
.”  John let some of his frustration show, which caused Sherlock to cease his pacing and really look at John.
We get breakfast at the Cross Keys restaurant, carrying our plates out to sit in the fine morning sunshine. Well, I get breakfast: a vegetarian fry-up, pretty passable, considering. Sherlock has a coffee and a croissant. When he’s finished, he fishes something small out of his trouser pocket: a white pill in a section of blister pack.
from home—John is part of it. The lines of his face, the way he wears his clothes…he belongs among these people, in this place, in exactly the way that Sherlock patently does not. In this moment, alone in this bedroom, it feels like betrayal.
I wish I could close my eyes, hide my head, not see what happens next, but I’m as transfixed as everyone else. Moving as though in a dream, Sherlock tosses his phone aside. Then he steps up to stand on the ledge of the roof. The helicopter sways near again, the rope ladder dangling above the street. Sherlock crouches down, steadies himself. And then he
“I was looking for you,” John’s voice breathes again. “For such a long time.” He eases Sherlock down carefully and lies down with him, curled against his back. Sherlock shivers in his arms, uncomforted. “Such a long time. But I’ve found you at last, my Roddy. Now sleep, my sweet one. Sleep."
John slipped the vial into his inner pocket, murmuring his thanks. It felt good to have it there, like a little live thing nestled close to his heart.
“Okay,” I say, mostly to myself. Keyed up, shaky. I scoot forward on my knees, press my cock up against his entrance, push in a little, and it’s—god, the squeeze of it, still so fucking tight. He tenses a little, gasps; I hold perfectly still, and then I feel him consciously relaxing to admit me, and I sink slowly in by a couple of inches. That’s far enough for a start—more intense than I expected.
“So a human would be superior?”  He was hoping to catch Sherlock out, and he succeeded even better than he had expected.
Sherlock woke up mid-morning, still Alpha, to the sound of John taking a shower. He rolled over and hunkered down in the bed, feeling wretched. It wasn’t that he set much store by the notion of anniversaries (the length of a year was, after all, arbitrary), but it didn’t do to mess them up, either. They’d been having rather a good time until Sherlock decided to give free reign to his proclivities, and now he’d gone and pressed John too far.
I know exactly what he’s referring to. Greg was cast in the Bad Old Days, when Sherlock had given up trying to make sense of his desperately lonely teenaged life and was trying every drug he could get his hands on in search of numbness and distraction. There was a moment when Greg had tracked Sherlock to a grimy dosshouse and found him unconscious with a needle still in his arm. He took the pitiful creature home with him, fed him up, got him clean—and gave him his calling. The public fucking loved it.
“My therapist suggested I try to spend some time with you. This seemed expedient, given the circumstances.”
I catch sight of a glimmer of light in one of the rooms.  Pushing the door open, I see that the light is actually coming from another room on the other side of the courtyard.  I go to the window to look.
In the lab at Bart’s, he analyzes the contents of the kidnapper’s footprint: asphalt, brick dust, pollen, and something biggish and organic. Glycerol something. He’s poring over the GC-MS results when Molly sidles up to him.
does he always misjudge?  Why can he never form a real connection?  It feels like the puzzle of Moriarty is the only real connection he has.
“I know,” he says, very gently. He kisses me again, briefly, then swallows, and takes a deliberate breath. “And I—too,” he says. “Me too, still. It took me a while to be sure.”
I need to feel his skin. I move my hand to the flat of his stomach and slide it downward, lifting the waistband again. My fingertip grazes the head of his cock.
I can’t quite muster up any encouragement, and after a moment of regarding me, his eyebrows draw together and he looks away again. A second later, though, his finger brushes against mine. I open my hand, and he takes it and grasps it tightly, there under the tablecloth where no one can see.
“Yep. They should’ve checked the alibis more carefully. They’re going to find the body six days from now on a Chinese cargo ship. The
“Sherlock.” John lays his palm over Sherlock’s fist on the table. His eyes are squeezed shut, a deep furrow between his brows. He covers his eyes with his free hand and takes a slow breath.
“You can help yourself to whatever you find in the cupboards, assuming you can find any edible substances,” he said.  “I can’t promise much.”
We’d be on camera. I’m on camera now, half hard and delirious in my bed.  Whatever we started in our shared bed at the Cross Keys, we can’t continue it here, where the surveillance is seamless, where not only Mycroft but the whole world will see everything that happens. The things I want to do with Sherlock do not belong on camera, and it’s not because I’m worried about my privacy or the sensibilities of the viewership.
I crawl up his body, which is all boneless now and sunk into the bed, straddling him, and lean down to kiss him, careful not to let my hips descend against him where he is no doubt oversensitive. But he puts his arms around me and pulls me down, so that I’m lying all close on top of him and between his open legs. His grey pants are still in the way, a bit, but I’m well past caring as I rub and burrow against the offered wet softness of his belly and groin, kissing him, kissing him even when it’s no longer easy, because kissing him is the one true thing, the best and most important thing. When I come apart at last, it’s with his lips under mine, his tongue at the brink of me, and I pour myself out like an offering.
“And Alex will be all right, whatever happens,” Billy assures me. “Mycroft’s not the only one with friends in high places.” I consider asking him to elaborate, but think better of it.
“I remember,” said John.  “There was that row over whether they were really English citizens and could belong to the EU.  I haven’t thought much about them since.”
It was good flying weather, so John allowed an extra day for travel, and flew. High above the rolling countryside, with the wind whistling in the bristles of his broomstick, it was hard to resist a certain lightening of his heart. The fact that he could do this now, without fear of encountering Death-Eaters or Dementors, was all the proof one could want that their little corner of the world, at least, was at peace. This soft and golden country didn’t need him, John Watson, to defend it. Perhaps it would be all right to begin to hope that he would get the job.
Buckingham Palace, what a lark! And Sherlock without his trousers.  He does it to make John laugh; antagonizing Mycroft is just a bonus.  He’s prepared to ignore his brother entirely until he mentions the woman’s name.
, which I’ve no reason to believe he has been since the scene with the semtex-loaded vest. Lestrade gave us a report of break-ins at the Bank of England, Pentonville Prison, and the Tower of London (which we do have, for some reason—ravens, beefeaters, and all). But apart from the CCTV footage of Brook scratching “Get Sherlock” onto a display case and then smashing it up, I’ve no reason to believe those break-ins actually, physically occurred at all. They’re just stories, which someone—Brook, I suppose, as it seems Mycroft’s star is no longer ascendant—has fed to Lestrade to feed, in turn, to Sherlock.
He leans forward. “Yesterday, you admitted at that you hadn’t had sexual relations with a man before.”
“We could put your bed over here,” Sherlock said. “Maybe make a little alcove out of the bookshelves. Or we could magic up some walls if you need more privacy—“
Inside the front door of the Diogenes club, we’re met by a beefy-looking suit with a military haircut and a scar over one eye.
“I don’t know that, either. ” He keeps his eyes fixed on the road ahead, a muscle twitching in his jaw.
As it turns out, John is not up. Sherlock picks up the violin from its stand and begins to play. He starts with a bit of a rather sweet Bach cello piece, then moves seamlessly into the
I remember Sherlock’s childhood. He was just eight when they put him on TV. He lived with his brother at first, in their family’s big, empty house in the country. The show was kind of a cult thing in the early days; it was broadcast by a studio that was known for their edgy projects. There was a lot of public debate about whether it was ethical or not, but Mycroft…handled it somehow, I was too young to understand the details. Before long the show got hugely popular, and they sent Sherlock to a boarding school for a year to get him out of the way while they worked on building “London” for him. He hated school—we only got to see bits and pieces, but it was obvious. Then they moved him into his city, where he finished his studies on his own and grew into the mantle of Sherlock Holmes. Mycroft lived with him at first, but they parted ways when Sherlock came of age.
Right on cue, Mycroft appears. Because he’s still a little off-balance from his bout of phobia, it takes him longer than it should to understand that Mycroft is accusing
“Girlfriend,” Sherlock repeated, getting to his feet. “Check her garden shed for the pruning saw. Come on, John, time to go.”
It’s been nearly two years since I leapt from the roof of St. Bartholomew’s Hospital in that other London, the one engineered by my brother, ostensibly to keep me safe but in fact to keep me under his control. In that time, Mycroft has been tried and convicted both under the law and in the court of public opinion. He is in prison, now, and his ill-gotten wealth has been returned to me. Of course, the character he devised for himself in our former life together would never have ended up in so common a situation as
“That’s because I invented the job.  When the police are out of their depth--which is always--they come to me.  I solve crimes for them.”
“You did…magic, on me? Without my consent? And also, was that—Jesus, I mean, have you even heard of blood-borne pathogens? You can’t just—“
Over the summer, John went along with Sherlock to stay in the flat that he still kept in London. He briefly considered refusing, in order to put up a show of self-sufficiency, but Sherlock convinced him without much trouble. They also took an actual holiday and went to look at castles and sea caves and drink port in Portugal—Molly’s idea—and came back nut-brown and shagged out and perhaps permanently hung over. It was around the time of their return that Professor McGonagall sent John a letter offering him a chance to re-interview for the position of Professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts.
At first, there’s just—nothing. Nothing but my hot, unassuageable anger. The calls I made whilst sitting in the bare flat take a few days to come to fruition. I spend a couple of nights in a police safehouse outside of Leeds, before they chuck me out on my own. Under an assumed name, with collar up and hat down and shades on, I check into a cheap motel. I spend two days locked in my room there before I get a call from a man called Preston, who heard from a fellow who heard from one of my old army mates that I was in need of accommodations meeting certain criteria. Once we’ve settled on a price, Preston sends a rather Mycroftian car to take me into my seclusion.
John derives some moral satisfaction from this outcome. I find I don’t much care what has happened to him, but I am glad to have the business over, especially as the closure of this final chapter of the drama of Sherlock Holmes has resulted in a slackening of the public’s fascination with us. We are still recognized, often, but people are less compelled to approach us, less inclined to effuse.
“I should say it rather has,” Sherlock purrs. He gives the thing a push, and John licks his lips. “Feels like…the red one?”
Meanwhile, I have an audience to enthrall.  We banter.  “I’ll burn the heart out of you,” I say, and I almost wonder if I’m overdoing it, but Sherlock responds with the loveliest, most piquant little line: “I’ve been reliably informed that I don’t have one.”
Now he’s meant to recover some photographs from Irene Adler.  Moriarty knew, somehow, that she was going to appear.  The first story is about a woman who shares her name, and there are twelve stories in the book.  Is he to have a case paralleling each of them?
In a secure house, in a secret place, I begin my search. I start with what I’ve got: the account that paid my salary, the address where I had my interview. The organization that ran the
I lock the door and sit down to wait out the riots. After a few stupefied hours, my brain turns on again, and I realize I need to make some calls, some arrangements. I don’t have anywhere to go in the outside world. Baker Street has been my only home for the past year and half, but that’s all over, now.
There’s also a solicitor. I haven’t met him, but Sherlock talks to him on the phone, sometimes at great length. Sometimes these conversations leave him drained and irritable.
“No,” Sherlock said. “I’ll be fine.” He took hold of John’s hand and kissed the inside of his wrist, letting his teeth graze the tender skin. John exhaled shakily, meeting Sherlock’s eyes with a hot gaze.
“It’s not that I actually believe in ghosts,” she says. “But there is a history of unnatural deaths in this house.”
So John set aside his cane and stepped haltingly into the pattern of silvery lines.  It didn’t feel any different, so he approached Sherlock.  He circled once, deciding where to start, then laid the bundle gently against the back of Sherlock’s shoulders, seeing dark leaves and pale skin, and thorns.
“Well, later, when I found out about Brook’s plan—Mrs. Hudson’s plan. I assumed we’d never see each other again.”
He gives me a disgusted look as he hands me my beer. “Don’t go pretending. He must have you under his thumb somehow, or you’d have given away the game by now. What is it?”
Inside, there was nothing to contradict this impression.  John and Sherlock were seated by a furtive young woman who soon disappeared, to be replaced by a slender, grey-haired man who greeted Sherlock by name.
loosening up. Sherlock paused to add more lube, and when he reapplied his fingers they slid inside with a faint squishing sound that was…well. Filthy. He moaned against the back of John’s shoulder. He couldn’t help it.
it.  You like running around, being at the center of the story.  I think you even like living with him.”
We go through our usual nightly routine, taking turns in the cottage’s tiny bathroom. It’s only after I’m tucked up on the not-too-uncomfortable sofa that the full import of the day’s events hits me, and a tiny curl of hope unfurls in my chest. There may be an end in sight, after all.
John Watson is a man of action. That’s the whole point of my existence, the one immutable facet of my personality that makes my relationship with Sherlock work. While the streets of Sherlock’s London pass outside the cab windows, grey and streaky, every fiber of my being is twitching with the urge to do
“I know a fellow at Hogwarts,” he mused. “The new Potions master, since Snape died. He wrote and asked me to keep an ear open for anyone who might…well. The Defense Against the Dark Arts post is open.”
Holmes laughed, an uneven bark made strange by his shivering. “Oh, I don’t regret it on account of the case. The case is solved. I only mean that I regret squandering such a tender embrace on so trifling a thing as having my life saved.”
Sherlock, of course, figures it out immediately, and he also gives me a look, and it’s one I know very well from watching him all these years:
And sees himself. A full-body shot of himself, seated, looking at this laptop, side-on to the camera. He moves. The image moves, the focus point shifting liquidly to follow his motion. He looks at the wall between the two sitting room windows. His image looks into the camera.
So, standing beside him, Sherlock played. The notes still pulled at John’s heart, tenderly as ever. John closed his eyes and let the music move him, waiting to see if he would feel again that piercing ache of loss. But there was no loss this time, only beauty, and behind his closed eyes he saw again his young self, as he had been when he first fell in love: bright and raw and open, untouched by the shadow of fear. When the last note faded, he opened his eyes, and though he was his older self again, he knew that a child still dwelt at the core of his being.
“Well, it reacts with the essence of sulphur to form a vapor which, once distilled in a tincture of wormwood, can be combined with sodium hydroxide to form--”
.” He let out a long groan, and Sherlock could just hear Greg’s moan of satisfaction as he—surely—sank his cock into John’s inflamed and dripping wet hole. Sherlock moaned and stroked himself fast, feeling for both of them at once.
“Ugh, bloody nuisance,” Sherlock said, not looking up from where he was carefully adding drops of brown liquid to a vial.  “They’re far too stupid to do anything really useful.  They haven’t even got hands.”
Sherlock opens his eyes again with the sensation that no time has passed, but his window is bright with early sun, and he is alone. Sore and soiled, he takes a long shower. He remembers what happened and what didn’t happen. He turns the whole thing over in his mind. Psychology could explain it, he imagines—PTSD, stress, psychosis, multiple personalities. That kind of thing. But he keeps seeing in his mind those secretive eyes, that flicker of motion, that figure where no figure should be. That voice that spoke, right at the last. And he never showed John the letters.
They got out of there, somehow, without even being arrested for public indecency. Their cab driver home was Omega, thank God, or Sherlock didn’t know what might have happened. Even as it was, she cast some very dubious looks their way, though she did get them home without commenting on her observations.
,” John cried, and then he moaned hard, and his muscles clamped around Sherlock’s cock as he started to come. The urge to thrust hard into him was so strong that Sherlock had to physically stop himself by gripping up around the neck of his cock, and so he felt against his fingers the way that John’s stretched entrance hardened and strained around his shaft, and it was that, more than anything, that took him over the edge, a sudden lightning building in his knot until he spilled over, throbbing richly, his seed pumping out into John’s tight, sterile orifice. And he’d been right: it did dribble out, very messily.
So, please let me know how you are. Tell me what you get for Christmas. What is your favorite Christmas food? I think I like mince pies best.
“But why, John?” she asked again. “You’ve been so successful here. We’ll be really sorry to lose you.”
Sherlock’s eyes were light. Bright, even—shockingly so, compared to the brooding shadow that had hidden them before. They were blue-green, and clear, and bright, like bottle glass washed up on a beach.
“Oh, haven’t you guessed?” Sherlock looks genuinely pleased at that, a smile curling the edges of his mouth. “A benefactor. Someone you underestimated. As you did so many people, in the end. Come along, John.” He doesn’t move from where he’s standing, but the tilt of his head tugs at me. “Don’t bother shooting him now. It would throw a terrible wrench in the legal proceedings, and in any case I’d rather have you not in jail.”
“Mm.  My Boswell.”  He lolls awkwardly against me, but I hardly notice.  The hairs on my arms are all standing up.  I am lost without my Boswell.  It’s a quotation from “A Scandal in Bohemia,” by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
, despite (or perhaps because of) their ornate ugliness. A stack of paintings is leaned up against one wall, and Lady Stoner begins tipping them toward her one by one, revealing a parade of dismal landscapes and forbidding forbears by the light of a single bare bulb.
“Sher—“ I gasp, not sure what I’m pleading for, but then he leans down close and, oh, fuck, lips around my cock, tongue intricately working, fingers wrapping tight around my shaft.
For him to resort to shutting his senses down entirely, his fear must be intense. I don’t even want to think about where it came from.
“You won’t.” The bed’s been neatly made and turned down on both sides. I give the pillow a couple of unnecessary thumps, then climb in between the crisp sheets. The smell of lavender wafts up in a cloud as I settle myself on the pillow, my back to the rest of the room.  I can’t see Sherlock’s reaction, but after a moment I hear his bare feet padding around the foot of the bed. There’s a soft sigh of fabric as his dressing gown pools on the floor, and then the mattress dips. I watch him settle onto his back, his dark curls silky in the soft light. Then he switches off his bedside lamp, and we’re in darkness.
She sighed. “I have spent the past ten minutes walking with you through a reasonably peaceful environment, though admittedly a somewhat chaotic one. Whenever we rounded a corner, you became visibly tense. Your eyes give you away, Mr. Watson—they are constantly moving, checking entrances and exits, hiding places. You are uncomfortable in the open air, and anxious in close quarters. I’m afraid your nerves, as the Muggles used to say, are shot.”
“I mean that it’s beyond foolish to imagine this will work,” he says. “You won’t get any satisfaction this way. You’ll only go to prison, revenged but ultimately unsatisfied. Murder is not an answer, not in the real world.”
going to cry. He sucked Sherlock’s tongue into his mouth. He levered up on one elbow, pushing Sherlock up with him, and gave Sherlock’s hair a good tug with his free hand. Sherlock whimpered a little, and reached for John’s cock. John mirrored him, breaking free of the kiss so that he could take little bites of his neck and shoulders while he stroked him. He looked down at Sherlock’s cock in his hand, all rosy-red and ready for its work.
“Here, now, no need to be that way.” She leans to bump her shoulder playfully against mine. “Just because we’re working doesn’t mean we can’t have a bit of fun. No cameras in my hotel room, I promise.”
Sherlock presses up even harder against me, surging a little closer with each flick of my fingertips. “God,” he says. “Yes.”
“The address is 221 B Baker Street,” said Sherlock, though John hadn’t spoken aloud. “Be there at seven o’clock.”
“I mean now. Now, for real.” He finds my eyes, and kisses me, and reaches down between us to rub my cock, fumbling in his urgency. “I know you’ve thought of it. Do you want to? I want to.”
Two weeks after he moved in, John came home to find that Sherlock had rolled up the rug again, and was clearly preparing to repeat what John thought of as the holly spell.  Indeed, when John came in, Sherlock was swiftly winding a leather thong around three new sprigs of holly.  John groaned inwardly; though minor, the injuries from the last attempt could scarcely have had time to heal.  If this was Sherlock’s routine, it was a wonder that his body wasn’t covered in tiny scars.  Surely he could not go on this way for long.
Bach’s Sonata no. 1 in G minor. As I ascend the stairs, his violin stops, pauses, starts again. We understand each other. We have communicated, he and I, deeply and subtly.
up in there, improbable, so lovely, deep like John’s cock when he’s alpha, but this is thicker, only it doesn’t quite give him what he really…really…
“A bit, yeah.”  And I am angry, but that emotion is increasingly overwhelmed by something else, something raw and impossible.  Sherlock is brimming with pent up energy, almost vibrating where he stands, his hands moving restlessly from his hips to his neck and back again.
I wish I could see better.  I wish I could hear what they were saying, but I can’t.  All I can see is Sherlock holding up the little pill.  I take the gun out of my waistband, feel the weight of it.  The gun is real.  What else is real?
doesn’t think so,” Sherlock said.  “But one can march out of step with the crowd without being morally reprehensible, I should hope.”
. Ever since that moment of connection with Sherlock, John hadn’t been able to get him out of his head for a moment. Whatever their relationship was, it was
Sherlock frowned and said nothing. John was saved from thinking of something else to say by the arrival of Professor Snape. He swept in with his usual swirl of robes, and John couldn’t help rolling his eyes a little. If Snape was so offended by frivolous pursuits, then perhaps he should stop practicing dramatic moves in front of the mirror.
“Maybe other reasons, too,” John said. “So they made sure she didn’t make it. God, scary. Wow. So what’s going to happen to her?”
“For you to—I don’t know. Mentally prepare. Are you good?” John reached out to skim his fingertips over the back of Sherlock’s hand.
“The obvious thing is not a thing we’re going to do…right now.” It may be a bet, but I do have limits.
“I wasn’t even thinking of it,” Sherlock said, which was true. He let his expression show some of what he
So Sherlock must have picked up on the not-quite-rightness of the case. Just as Brook intended him to.
Well, except. Sherlock, still pleased with himself and oblivious to my state of nerves, is holding my hand on the middle seat of the cab. I’m on his side, obviously. Maybe I just hate that I’m not the one making the big moves. Mycroft and Moriarty are the players, and Sherlock’s life is the game. I don’t think I even rise to the level of pawn. Just an inconvenient lump of detritus on the board, waiting to see how it all turns out. Having a hand to hold is not unwelcome.
) of himself, and many of the beaky Victorian fellow with the pipe and silly hat. Watson, too: his Watson, and another one, stout and tweedy. Characters. They are characters. The Doyle characters.
Which is why Healer Sarah Sawyer, the director, was so surprised when John handed in his resignation mid-way through his third year of apprenticeship.
Sherlock, and he thought Sherlock liked him, but any friendly overture was guaranteed to meet with a firm refusal. Never mind any
“Yes,” he whispers. “Don’t stop.” I start to move my hand, but he grabs it and moves it to his waist. His shirt is rucked up, the skin smooth as paper under my touch. I shiver against him.
“Good,” John finished, feeling suddenly strange. “Oh.” He thought about doing what they’d just done, with someone like that, and shuddered.
I meet his eyes, then find that I can’t look away. Holding my gaze, he lifts his free hand to touch my face. For a moment, I forget to breathe. Then his gaze flickers to one side, and I realize he’s examining my details. His fingers trace the lines beside my mouth, and at the corners of my eyes. Fingertips dip behind my ear, where he can’t see, then trace the edge of my day-old beard, beneath my jaw.
“I’ve always thought so,” Sherlock said. He pulled John into a tight hug. John hugged back, and let Sherlock hold him for a while. Eventually they shifted down into the bed again. John sought Sherlock’s lips, maybe just to say goodnight, but once he started kissing Sherlock, he found he didn’t want to stop. Sherlock seemed to be of the same mind. John pulled open the tie of Sherlock’s dressing gown, found him naked and hard beneath. He pressed close, and Sherlock moaned. They rubbed together, hot and languid, until Sherlock wormed a hand between them to grab and stroke John’s cock against his own. John hadn’t expected to come again, but the orgasm welled up sweetly, hot all over his body, and Sherlock gasped and shuddered and spilled against him at the same time. Afterward, Sherlock provided a clean-up charm (not the same as a bath, but neither of them felt much like trekking down the tower stairs), and then John had the remarkable pleasure of feeling Sherlock fall asleep in his arms before he, too, succumbed.
The first phone, on the other hand, provides some data, though not what one might expect from the way Irene and Mycroft talked about it. The passcode is SHER, just like on the duplicate phone. There is a folder containing a few salacious photos of someone who might or might not be a member of the royal family—the face is difficult to make out with any certainty. And, although there is a wide array of black leather and steel equipment in use, the photos are not actually all that sexually explicit. In one of them, Irene has positioned herself in the shot, wearing a wine-colored corset and matching lipstick. She is bending forward to display her cleavage to the camera, grinning crookedly and holding up two fingers in an obscene gesture. Out of character. Odd.
Sherlock is with the killer.  Sherock thinks he’s real.  To keep Sherlock interested and/or fooled, the killer has to act like a real killer.  And what do killers do?  I start walking faster.
“Please say yes,” he murmurs against my lips, and then kisses my cheek, my ear, my jaw. I’m panting, drowning, and God, not here, not
That’s the better part of an hour’s drive from where we are. “So why did you come out here tonight?”
John gets a slippery grip on the thing and, with Sherlock whimpering, withdraws it. The toy lands with a thump on the floor some distance off—chucked—and then John’s warm, clothed body comes close, and Sherlock slithers down sideways onto the floor, taking John with him. John’s arms around Sherlock’s chest, Sherlock shuddering, not knowing what to do with his limbs. He can still hear a phantom buzzing sound, can still feel the ghost of it inside him.
“I…I wrote it, actually,” Sherlock said in a small voice. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know it would do this to you.”
Eventually, John got up and brought a plate of food back to bed: leftover tortellini alfredo from Angelo’s. Carbs and fat, fuel for the fire that would burn inside him for the next two and a half days. Sherlock pulled himself up to sit cross-legged. John handed him a fork, and they picnicked on the sheet.
They had drifted apart in their sleep. Sherlock slipped out of bed and back into the sitting room to retrieve the present from its shopping bag, and he also, quietly, got the lube out of the bottom drawer.
“But that’s not really the problem, is it?” His eyes search me, whip-quick and angry. “You never ask anything of me, ever. You never make the first move, you always wait for me to ask. I’d think you were quite uninterested if your physical responses didn’t tell a different story. Like you still don’t think
It was late at night. The street was lined with a row of down-at-heel shops with their steel shutters rolled down tight. John walked down the deserted pavement as quietly as he could, Holly trailing a few steps behind. He stretched all his senses to the limit, looking for—there. That feeling, that impression that one step had carried him farther than it should. John turned to look at the row of buildings. Just here, there was a crack between two of them, a dark slot wholly unremarkable to the naked eye.
Sherlock held the gate open while John passed apprehensively through, then followed him inside.  Allowing the gate to clang shut, he turned the key again, then removed it in the usual way.  John turned to look around the overgrown garden.
My sister Harriet (Harry) is coming for just a couple days at Christmas. Says she has something to tell us all, don’t ask me what, unless it’s that her roommate of the last five years is actually her girlfriend, which was already obvious to everyone. Other gossip: my mum is friends with Molly Weasley, the mother of Percy and Fred and George and Ron (and Bill, if you remember him, he was head boy my 4th year, had a bit of a crush on him actually) (they are all Gryffindors, Percy is prefect), and anyway Ron is best friends with Harry Potter. She (Mrs W.) cannot stop talking about him. Apparently the Muggles who raised him were really terrible to him and he had no idea about magic or Hogwarts or ANYTHING. I can’t imagine. She also said that according to Ron, Snape hates Harry with a passion, which is quite weird. I can’t imagine him being passionate about anything except Potions.
“You didn’t object,” she sniffs. “I’ve taken the liberty of putting some things into motion. The BBC people are pissing themselves over the chance to get a glimpse of you.”
Lestrade shows up a few minutes later looking suitably confused. Just as he sets eyes on the painting, his mobile rings.
“Guess somebody thought you were a safe bet,” Billy muses, unsubtly looking me over. “Just goes to show. You can’t predict the movements of the human heart.”
“Anyway,” said Sherlock, turning away from John’s bemusement. “Dinner reservation, seven o’clock. Best get ready.”
“Well.” An idea has struck me, has been brewing for some time, in fact. “You could argue about who’s doing and who’s being done to.” I lick my lower lip—can’t help it, at the thought, and his eyes track to it. “But—something I’ve never done. If it’s not too much—could I…” I have to hide my face in the soft dark beside his ear. “Could I get my mouth on you? Suck you? Like that?”
But John is also—well. Merely being the lodestone to Sherlock’s sexual compass is not a valid argument in his defense, but it’s more than that, surely. John
He might be still smiling, but Sherlock’s eyes are closed again, so he can concentrate on…that…spot…
” I go on. “This is really me, Richard Brook. Well, that’s a pseudonym too, really, sort of a pun, but I’ve been using it for an awfully long time, and it’s not a character, just another name for the real, regular, Irregular me.”
Sound of a door clicking shut. Sherlock’s eyes snap open, his heart leaping in his chest. Between him and the door, he can just make out a shadowy figure. He takes a quick mental inventory of the potential improvised weapons in the room. Best option is probably that insipid bronze statuette on top of the dressing table—
Sherlock is shaking his head before I even finish talking. “No, no. The media will have their circus either way. They’ll only get more obsessed the longer I stay out of the public eye.”
She leads them—Sherlock alert, John at least keeping up appearances—to a disused storeroom on the ground floor. It’s filled with old furniture and decorative items, some of which could no doubt get Lady Stoner a TV appearance on the
Of course this is nothing too far from obvious, what we’re doing here, but even so he’s—God—shaking a little, I can hear his breath shuddering as he gets back into position. He presses a kiss to the inside of my thigh, stroking down into the crease of me with slick fingers. One circling fingertip homes in, presses, intrudes, careful. He doesn’t thrust, just presses, and, God, the slow, dragging heat of it—I breathe out hard and bear down. He keeps his finger still and strokes my cock, and I’m pinned, cherry-red radiance everywhere.
“You know,” I start, and then I have to pause. He watches me expectantly. How much am I going to say? “I never thought this would…that I’d be out here with you, like this. I never really dared to think about it.”
“Don’t underestimate the hunger for power,” Sherlock said. “Those who desire it would destroy anything and anyone that stood in their way. We haven’t seen the last of all that, you mark my words.”
Or rather, he’s off.  We’re separated, which means that he’s on camera, and I’m…not.  A script consultant pops out of the woodwork and chats with the others—Anderson, Donovan, Lestrade—and they come up with a game plan, where Sally warns me off of Sherlock and I go off by myself to be abducted by Mycroft.  So far, nothing about Sherlock’s behavior has surprised them, including his running off without me.  I try to decide whether John Watson would be annoyed by this.  Would I be annoyed by this?  Am I annoyed?
I press in up past the second knuckle, and he gives a quiet hum. Christ, so hot and slick inside, his pulse pounding against my fingertips. His tongue darts out across his lower lip—in imitation of me, maybe, as I’m suddenly conscious of my own tongue stuck out in concentration. I pull it back in, and Sherlock smiles hazily, laughing at me. Then I let my fingers move inside him, and the smile gives way to something a good deal less coherent. I bend and twist my fingers, working him the way I know he likes it; his eyes close again, and I can feel how his whole body reacts to what I’m doing, all his little shivers and pulses. Gradually he he relaxes and cuddles up against me, propping his knee on my hip to keep his legs open just far enough. His cock rubs against the front of my wrist, thrusting gently with the rhythm of my hand. He breathes against my shoulder, deep and steady.
There was closeness between the brothers, back in the early days. They would sit cuddled together on the sofa in a pool of yellow light, and Mycroft would read to him. He loved
“No,” Sherlock says. “It was my worst, my lowest moment. And you were there. To pluck me from the gutter, to make something of me.”
“Well, they kept me in that holding cell for several days, and then a fellow came from St. Mungo’s and said ‘I hear you’re good with potions.’ They put me to work brewing remedies for the hexed and wounded Aurors. After I’d been there a couple of months they transferred me to a field hospital in Scotland. We ran out of supplies and I had to start inventing new potions from what was on hand.”
“Why ever not?” When John didn’t reply, he looked at him sharply for a long moment, then seemed to become aware of Filch and the witch he’d been walking with hovering nearby.
“What do you want to do?” I whisper, finally, when it seems we must go on or else burn to ash in our own fire.
Naked.  All right, this is…new.  Yes, fine, naked, he’s seen loads of naked people.  Mostly cadavers, granted, but still, it’s only biology.  Nonetheless, he’s…unsettled.  She is the sort of woman that men would probably like to see naked.  He isn’t sure whether he likes it or not.
When I come out of the bathroom, Sherlock is standing by the window, dressing gown wrapped tightly around his lean frame. I reckon he’d be pacing if the room wasn’t so crowded with rustic clutter.
We run toward the sound, and find the two children in the beam of Sally’s torch. They’re smiling, well-groomed, munching sandwiches from a tin school lunchbox lying open between them. They’ve lined up a bunch of the silver-wrapped chocolates in a row on the ground.
“Wait.” I hop off again and gesture—not with the gun—to the unseated rider, who pries off his helmet and gives it to me. He’s a young guy, dark-skinned.
She walks away, coat swaying in the wind. A few minutes later, I hear a car pull out of the front drive. I allow myself another minute to breathe, then fling myself again into the fray.
hard, his cock pushed sideways by the elastic of his pants. I squeeze and press and stroke; he gasps in my ear, hips undulating, close already—
The second will be represented by the Prison. Who goes in? Who comes out? There’s a whole datacenter devoted to this, not to mention the physical gatehouses on the perimeter. I can trap people inside, shut people out, let in whomever I please, control supply chains. Very handy.
. But beige? Aggressively neutral. Non-threatening. Suited for the satisfaction of workaday biological necessities.
“Eva’s parents were known Death Eaters. They served He Who Must Not Be Named during the years of terror.”
There are ten or twenty more in that vein, evidently spanning a period of some months. From the occasional details, it appears that “Laurie” was one of the aristocratic inhabitants of the house, while “Roddy” was a servant, presumably one of the occupants of this very bedroom. Their homosexual love affair was evidently carried out under the nose of Laurie’s wife. In fact, there’s some evidence to suggest that Laurie was engaged when the affair began and married some time in the middle of it.
“Hmm, I don’t think your real name is very relevant in this context.  And I suppose you’d better call me Irene Adler.”
He probably wouldn’t have kissed John this morning if it weren’t for that, but it’s hardly the end of the world. And, oh, the way John’s pulse raced! The memory of it clouds his vision for a moment. If there’s really nothing—if he has fabricated John’s responses to him out of thin air and wishes—then the whole world is built on a foundation of straw.
He pops off again, but leaves his fingers wrapped around me. Gorgeous, his long hand on my cock, his eyes never leaving it, concentrating totally on firm, short strokes, teeth indenting his lower lip, still rosy and wet from—
There’s a spot beneath Sherlock’s ear which, when licked, makes him do a sort of little gasp. As my mouth is quite near this spot, I take the liberty of licking it now. And there’s the little gasp, right on cue.
“Hello?” he says. Then, “Erm. A painting, you say?” As the voice on the line gabbles, he sighs deeply and passes his hand over his eyes. “Yeah. Yeah we’ll…that should be enough to go on. I’ve got some leads. I’ll be in touch.”
Sherlock turns away, coat swirling, and heads for our front door. “I’m staying here,” he says. “You can fake the paperwork.”
“Sherlock, have you—“ I pause, words catching on the strangeness of the question. “Have you been to London before?”
“An important question,” Brook allows, nodding in her direction. “What exactly are we doing? Most of you know—or at least suspect—that our goal is to get Sherlock out. In an ideal world, we’d just tell him what’s going on, but it’s not that simple. He’s lived in this world for as long as he can remember. The evidence of its solidity is all around him. The only thing he trusts is the evidence of his own senses, and so we must bring him to a place where his own senses tell him the truth. We must do this gently, with as little shock as possible.”
He goes out. Even though he’s been only two nights away, he ought to check up with his homeless network. He’ll speak to Jenny Maddox first—she always has her finger on the pulse of the city. Then Finn, and Old Byron. That should give him a clear picture. The night is damp, the streetlights haloed with fog. It’s good to be home.
“So I think Sherlock’s scent on me inhibited the development of your knot,” John explained. “But now that we’ve — uh — I think the smell might be different, and it might work.”
“Well, I’ll tell you what I think,” he says. “I think Brook is going to do it. He’s tied my hands completely and he’s going to get Sherlock out. Denial would be pointless and counterproductive. So, what I’m thinking about now is: what happens after?” He pauses, hands clasped under his chin, and fixes me with a serious look. “I’d advise you to think about that, too.”
I try to reason with him, but he lashes out at me. When he gets around to “I don’t have friends,” it’s finally more than I can take. It’s either get myself away from him or explode with everything that’s inside me—the truth. But I can’t, I can’t, not yet—it’s too much. I leave him there, alone with his delusions.
And he does, just runs his tongue right up in one long swipe to the frenulum. I can’t keep still; he holds my hips down and does it again. He pauses as though considering, tasting, then moves to the side, licks again, the head of my cock bumping against the side of his nose. My balls feel high and tight, and, God, he licks those, too, licks right into the crease alongside them where I know I’ve been sweating all day, but he doesn’t seem to care. He pauses to push my knees open, not self-conscious in the least, and peers down at me, pinned open and bare in front of him.
John asked him to explain, but Mike kept silent, taking John instead back to St. Bartholomew’s hospital, where he made his living.  But instead of the upper floors, which John knew well, Mike led John down, and down again (a slow business for John, with his cane, descent more difficult than climbing), to a basement laboratory, adjacent to the morgue, a lamplit room strong-smelling of herbs and resins.  There, gazing into a silver bowl, sat a magician.
“Well, at first I didn’t think that you’d get out—at least, not before…well. At first I guess I assumed that they’d engineer an exit for me, eventually. Or a partial exit, you know. Like in the canon.”
It’s true that he often reacts to things in a way that is not genuine, but always, in those situations, he knows who his audience is and what he’s trying to accomplish: he acts stupid to suspects to get them to reveal things, he hides from John the way that his incessant lip-licking drives him to distraction.  But here, now, he has the dizzy sensation of not knowing who might be watching.
. It is a refinement of the ideas behind the textbook he penned some five years ago.) If it is night, they may be in bed with the bedcurtains drawn, though Sherlock, in particular, keeps odd hours; we might catch him playing violin near the window by moonlight. But usually, especially if we look in on them after supper, or late in the morning on a Saturday, we will see John and Sherlock sitting together in their chairs by the fire, reading, talking, perhaps dozing off—for though they are not yet old, they are aging. John’s grey hairs hide gracefully among his sandy blond, but Sherlock has white streaks at his temples. Their friends might charitably say it makes him look distinguished, but John assures him he looks terrifying, and he plays now and then upon his intimidating looks to get respect from the unruly Ravenclaws over whom he presides as Head of House.
I learn that the kiss was not darked out, after all.  Everyone saw Sherlock kiss me, and saw me react like a confused teenager.  At the time, I thought my state of reciprocal arousal must have been obvious to everyone, but most of the other actors and staff seem to regard the event as a misguided assault on my undisputed heterosexuality.  Lestrade gives me a manly shoulder slap and a look of commiseration (did he and Sherlock ever display any chemistry?  I suddenly wish I could go back and review the old footage of their meeting), Donovan gives a sigh of amused pity for poor, confused Sherlock, and Mrs. Hudson seems to regard the whole thing as far too distasteful even to acknowledge.
Now John had met a fair few such people in his time.  They did, after all, work under government contracts in Afghanistan, doing things the regular corps would rather not know were being done.  In that country they kept their pointed ears covered to escape notice, but you could always tell them anyhow by the way their eyes seemed shadowed even in the sun.  This fellow took no trouble to hide what he was, perched lanky as a scarecrow on his stool, wearing a dark, old-fashioned suit of clothes that seemed designed to paint him as a creature of night.  Black hair curled untidily at the level of his sharp cheekbones, but even sharper stood the points of his ears, piercing through the black mass and catching the yellow light.
“Okay, so. Taking things as they are, currently. Is it really a good idea to just suddenly take him out there?”
I never in a million years expected to be on the receiving end of that look, from him.  I tuck my chin, look away.  He talks to me, and I can hear the excitement bubbling up under his words, the interest, the…affection.
When I get back inside, Sherlock isn’t in the lounge. He must have gone back up to the room. Our room. With one bed in it. Well, knowing Sherlock, he probably won’t sleep anyway.
John finished before Sherlock, and waited for him outside the classroom door. He looked rough when he came out, and met John’s gaze briefly with bruised-looking eyes before turning away again. But he allowed John to walk with him.
“Look at that,” I say. “That’s what I call a view.” It’s possible—likely—that I’m just looking for something to say, something to do, before we have to address the particulars of our situation. But the view really is impressive. Sherlock comes to stand beside me, and for a few minutes we gaze at the city together. Thousands of lights, millions of people, all unaware of us looking down over them.
“Look, I guess I know that. But, Jesus, why? What’s the harm? I thought the whole point of this was for Sherlock to have what he wants.”
“You couldn’t afford it anyway,” said Sherlock Holmes, his mouth stretching into a lazy smile, and oh, he was a little terrifying.  But it was just as Mike had said: he was too proud to run away.  “No, John, nobody thinks you’re looking for favors.  It’s you who can do me a favor.  I’m looking for someone to share my flat.  You needn’t pay.”  John raised his brows, surprised.  “I only ask that you be available for certain minor tasks from time to time.”
He held up a small brass key dangling from a purple silk ribbon, somewhat the worse for wear. This must be the prize he had been seeking at the bottom of the freezing Thames.
“Afterward, I thought—well, it’s over now. John Watson and I are finished. But I knew you would still be kind to me, and you were, so.” He shrugged again.
“I’ve been looking for you,” John says again. “Chilly, isn’t it?” As though to absorb more of Sherlock’s warmth, he burrows and writhes against him in the bed, breathing hotly against his neck and shoulder.
The next few days pass in a mad blur. They’ve got Moriarty in prison, supposedly. I can’t imagine he’s really sitting in there, though. It’s not as though they let us in to visit. All I know is that he is definitely
I have remarked before upon Holmes’ disregard for his physical wellbeing. I have chronicled his willingness to ignore the boundaries set by common sense when in pursuit of the solution to a case. I know better than anyone for what seeming trifles he would gladly throw away his health and safety, for who but I has rescued him, bandaged him, nursed him, and lain awake long nights fretting over him time and time again? Yet, even so, I was surprised when he dove into the icy waters of the Thames.
Sherlock easily gives his companions the slip while John is distracted by Henry’s state of anxiety.  Stalking away up the narrow lane back to the village, he breathes deeply of the cool night air, trying in vain to calm his racing heart. A stiff wind drags high clouds drag across the face of the moon. It pulls at the fullness of his coat and moans in the branches of the ancient, gnarled oaks growing alongside the road.
A memory. Sherlock, about twenty years old, blue-pale and junkie thin, standing in front of the mirror, facing into the camera’s lens. He was bare chested, all tender hollows and fragile, birdlike bones, but he wasn’t looking at his body. Wasn’t looking at anything, really. You could tell. And then his eyes snapped into focus, his face crumpled, and—
So, of course, we fight all the more, about anything and everything else. I wish I could move out. I wish I could tell him I’m not his enemy. I wish it didn’t feel as though I am. I wish I could snog the breath out of his too-smart, cutting, merciless mouth.
He gives me such a look. He’s not ready to hear this, not really—but he’s close. He’ll get there. With John helping him, he’ll get there.
There’s a guy who brings a hamper of groceries and takes our laundry away now and then, and Sherlock’s therapist visits once a week. He’s an older man who wears jumpers, but other than that I don’t know anything about him. Sherlock is understandably anxious that we don’t run into each other, so I usually go for long walks when they have their appointments, which is fine. More than fine. He needs someone to talk to other than me.
Home. He doesn’t remember anything of the journey, which is just as it should be. He wakes up well after dark, clear-headed, puzzled for a moment by a sense of welling hopefulness until he remembers: John. John kissing him, holding him, touching him—holding his hand, for God’s sake. In the privacy of his own bed, he curls down around a rush of emotion, a sort of joyful terror. What has gotten into him? And here he is, in his best pajamas, tucked up securely between smooth sheets. Maybe he dressed himself and doesn’t remember, but maybe John did it. He could probably figure out which, but he closes his eyes against any possible clues, not wanting to be sure. He’ll just stay in bed a moment longer, in that space where all outcomes are possible, before anything can be disproven or refused.
“Well, I knew him in school, sir. I don’t know what he’s been through since then, but he’s brilliant. Really brilliant. If he can be rehabilitated, he could be a tremendous asset, assuming he was willing to work with us.”
Sherlock is working. He is crunching the numbers, dissecting the evidence, evaluating, concluding; and for a while it is enough. He doesn’t think about Brook, or the Panopticon, or about John who still won’t
I’m not sure, at first, whether Mycroft suspects that the gas explosion is anything other than an actual failure of this fictional London’s public works department. But then he turns up at 221b and tries to get Sherlock
“Sherlock,” I start, but he holds up a hand, tugs the hem of his jacket down, and stalks off into his bedroom without a word.  The door clicks shut behind him.  For a moment I wish I were outside, where even now the public is watching to see how Sherlock reacts to romantic rejection.  But here, in our flat, he has his privacy from me, at least.
Sherlock grinned crookedly, still holding John close by his waist. “You thought every night about doing this, or you thought about—about doing this every night?”
Sherlock tore open the fly of John’s jeans and shoved his hand down deep to dig his fingers up into John’s wetness. John moaned. “Right here?” Sherlock growled. “Now? Are you really that desperate?” God, the way he
Saint Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries was Europe’s premier institution of its kind. John was challenged there in ways he never could have predicted. It was a far cry from the sleepy business of Madam Pomfrey’s hospital wing, though John was by no means ungrateful for the guidance and experience she had given him. He used his strong knowledge of potions and charms every day, and transfiguration and herbology came in handy at least every week or two. His mentors all agreed that he excelled at his work, and there was no doubt in anyone’s mind that he would go on to become a well respected healer.
“This is Sherlock Holmes,” Mike Stamford whispered, and John found himself propelled forward by a gentle shove.  He was just clearing his throat, debating how to introduce himself, when the apparition spoke.
“First, the obvious,” Brook goes on. “With the help of some of the people in this room, I have broken into Sherlock’s London. I have taken over. For all intents and purposes, I control it.”
“I mean what I said.” He growls through clenched teeth, jabbing a finger at me to emphasize his point. “Just. Don’t.”
When Sherlock came out of the bedroom, moving more or less normally, John got up from the sofa.  His eyes flicked over Sherlock’s body and up to his face, assessing, and then for a just a moment he dropped his mask of calm and gave Sherlock a smoldering kiss. Sherlock rocked on his feet, already a little unsteady what with one thing and another, and then John pulled back, looking cool again. He took Sherlock’s elbow and steered him gently into the sitting room, then helped him to sit down in his grey leather chair.
“The hall of mirrors,” Sherlock muses, as though to himself. It’s quiet a few minutes more, and then he starts speaking again, still quietly. “Sometimes I wonder about things.”
“I’m.  I don’t think I signed up for this,” I say.  There are three wardrobe consultants and two script consultants standing around watching.  They look like very efficient people.
Also I got my application paperwork for St. Mungo’s. It’s a huge heap of stuff that I have to fill out, and I have to write an essay and get letters of reference. I know I can get one from Madam Pomfrey, but I don’t know who else…am debating between McG and Snape. I don’t think either of them are too impressed with me, but they both know me well and they have a reputation for being strict, so if they do say anything good it should carry a lot of weight. Maybe I’ll ask them both, I don’t know. Other option is Flitwick, but he likes everyone. End of term seems very close, all of a sudden.
So Sherlock kept still while John reached back a somewhat shaky hand to feel the place where Sherlock’s shaft was still impaling him. John’s fingers slipped in the slick mess.
The noise of the crowd becomes a meaningless roar. My legs give out and I sit down hard on the pavement. Sherlock has gotten out. It’s over.
Sherlock flashed a cool smile, then took John’s chin deftly in one hand, holding him still as he swiped the cotton bud firmly inside John’s ear.
, damn it all. He tried to get the cane out in front, but it was too late. He collapsed to the pavement with a cry of dismay.
He sounds almost wistful. I need to get to where I can see his face, so I sit down at the other end of his L-shaped sofa. He regards me serenely.
It’s been two minutes since Sherlock put his dressing gown, tee shirt, and pajama bottoms back on, alone in the privacy of the bedroom.
I pick up one of the phones. Holding it close to my body to shield the screen from view, I turn it on. Two icons show up on the screen, labeled “Blick” and “K2K”. Blick shows me two serial numbers. K2K shows a single red button. Try as I might, I can’t make anything of it.
“Um, yeah, no, I don’t think so. Maybe you should find another Slytherin to do it. I hear some of them aren’t as stupid as most.”
“Thanks,” she says, then takes a seat, crosses her legs, and blows smoke into the turbulent air. “Lovely night.”
She smiles. Her phone chimes, and she checks it. “Ah, Sherlock’s on his way. We need to have a conversation fit for him to overhear. The idea’s that I’ve brought you here to try to convince you to help get my phone back, but of course you’re going to refuse. Ready?"
“Easy.” Steadying hand on his sacrum. Slow press inward, and John’s breathing is unsteady with what is, presumably, self-restraint, as he hasn’t gone so deep as to get past the dubious lubrication of his spit. Still, it’s enough to make Sherlock’s heart race with the awareness of just how thoroughly he is at John’s mercy, which is—mostly—good.
There are things he should have done while he was young, probably. No telling if they’ll ever happen now. Not that it stops some people. He sees again the face of Laurence Fitzwilliam Stoner, his knowing eyes, his whiff of scandal. Before and after his marriage. Not a man much constrained by convention, nor morality. John’s not either, really, but
Beloved friends! An announcement: updates to this fic will need to go on a wee hiatus while I wrangle a little further ahead. I know that's not great news, but trust me, you will be happier if the rest arrives in a smooth flow rather than bits and pieces.
“Maybe,” he said. “There is a curious—a curious honesty that comes over one when the body is in fatal straits. I have observed it upon more than one occasion. It is a species of delirium, certainly.”
He puzzles over it all through the silent black-car ride to Mycroft’s office. The IAPHONE wireless signal. Panopticon. When she mentions Moriarty, a piece clicks into place. Two flash drives. Two phones. Whatever the phone in his pocket means, he must keep it secret. Now he only needs the password. Perhaps he’s been working too hard. Perhaps he was meant to figure it out ages ago.
The countryside is speeding past outside our tinted windows. Sherlock looks unbearably elegant in a sharply cut black suit. The stylist told him it was fashionable to go without socks, but he refused. I doubt anyone is going to notice or care what’s on his feet, or on the rest of him, for that matter. His leg is jiggling again. Nervous.
Snape raised his eyebrows. “And why wasn’t this anticipated? Why didn’t you make sure that everyone would be here? It was no secret when the day would be, or what would be required.”
His eyes go soft, and he takes my hand. I let him interlace our fingers. I’ve cracked open the last closed door in my mind palace, the one that slammed shut for the final time on that last awful night before the leap. That yawning abyss is still inside.
The elevator ride up to our hotel room—our room which I had nothing to do with booking, but the desk clerk has only given us one set of keys—feels like the longest I’ve ever taken. Partly it’s nerves, but partly it is actually just a really long elevator ride because apparently we are now celebrities and we stay in fancy suites on the topmost floors of buildings. I guess we’ve got Vanessa to thank for that.
I flip through the shots again, trying to imagine Sherlock in them. Nothing worth bothering with in the common rooms. Bedroom: maybe. Bathroom…
Her smile has that not-quite-joking edge to it. I can’t deny being tempted. A night off would suit me very well. Tavistock’s hardly London, but at least it’s real, and private. We could have a bite, a drink somewhere, and then go back to her room. She has exactly the sort of long legs I’d love to have wrapped around me—
“Not an option,” Sherlock said, if anything walking a bit faster.  “There’s already a chance we’ll be late as it is.  Ah, here we are.”
“None of that.” Our fingers overlap for a moment on the neck of the bottle. “The hippocratic oath is no joke, you know. I’m not having your drug interactions on my conscience.”
“If I am so bloody brilliant,” I grind out, “then why couldn’t I figure out the one thing that mattered?” It’s the final question, the worst question, that I haven’t dared to utter before now, not even to John. Especially not to him.
him, not some actor.  He knows and feels and believes that he is extraordinary, and when he looks at me, it’s like having my soul x-rayed.  I’m immediately terrified that he’ll see through everything right then, but I guess the beauty of the whole setup is that he’s so used to being the only real thing in the world that he no longer even questions the feeling.
it. He bites the back of his hand for a moment to keep from crying out, until he remembers that John wants to hear him. So he lets himself gasp and moan as John’s tongue fucks him, and John hums encouragement. Sherlock lets himself relax into the attention, a little scrape of voice emerging with each huff of his breath, for John to hear. He’s so hypnotized with it that he scarcely notices the change when John probes him with two fingers, testing, but then John kneels up behind him, and Sherlock does notice that.
“Ah, no,” he says, “No. Thank you. We couldn’t possibly trouble you any further.” John shoots him an irritated look, but doesn’t press.
“Ngk,” said John. He was still gripping his cock, and Sherlock could tell by the way his arm moved that he was trying to shore up his flagging erection.
“This is our file on Irene Adler,” Mycroft says. He pushes a thick plastic packet across the table, stuffed with papers. A dark bulge proves to be Irene’s phone. “I want you to show it to Sherlock, and give him some news.”
I look up to find a woman standing nearby, wearing a belted coat, skirt, and heels. She’s smoking a cigarette. She’s tall, nice smile, dark hair filled with motion in the wind—entirely my type. My game is not strong at the moment, but I wave mutely to the bench beside me. I’m not sure whether the distraction is welcome or not.
“See you later,” John said to Greg, all innocence. Sherlock grabbed him by the wrist and pulled him out of the office without waiting to hear Greg’s reply. He let go again once they were out, but John followed him closely as he stalked toward the loo which was, thankfully, unoccupied. Once inside, Sherlock crowded John up against the back of the door so that he could bury his nose in the fragrant warmth of John’s neck.
“I was alone a lot, too,” he says, echoing my thought. “At first—after my parents died—I was unhappy. But I came to prefer it.”
“I’m sorry if it’s too much for you,” Sherlock said, making his voice rumble. John whimpered in response. “Is it really too much, John? I wouldn’t want to hurt you. It’s just that your little hole is so tight. I know I’m awfully big. But it’s not really too much, is it? You can take it, can’t you? Just for me?”
“I did try to warn you. This is why we have the golden rule.” He steeples his fingers, swivels his chair away from me. “Well, I doubt it’ll go on much longer. Do you think it will work, Brook’s plan? That Sherlock will come to terms with the truth on his own?”
I get Sherlock home with the aid of a fake cab.  About halfway there, he seems to regain partial consciousness.  He mumbles a few indistinct phrases, then suddenly pipes up, quite clearly:
“John, oh, don’t stop, my God,” he breathes, and oh, heaven help me, I love him. My hand moves again, and he cascades into motion, moaning aloud and curling up around his pleasure as he comes. I don’t know if he hears the little sound I make, desperate and elated, pressed up hard against his back. His cock surges in my hand, but I never feel his semen against my skin, because he’s caught every drop in his tissue.
He gives the butt of the toy a couple of casual taps through the wet cotton, sending wild shocks through Sherlock’s interior, then pushes sideways on it so that it tilts inside him, and he feels it all over again, God,
John had already been planning to spend another night at the inn, but suddenly he had to fight off the urge to leap back onto his broomstick and flee back to London. But at the same time, somehow, the hours until half seven passed incredibly slowly. He walked around Hogsmeade, had tea, tried to read a book in his room and failed, had a firewhiskey, had another firewhiskey—and that’s where Sherlock found him, sitting at the bar. Two drinks was nothing, though. He ordered a third before following Sherlock off to a corner table.
“Pull my hair again,” he said, so John slid his fingers along Sherlock’s scalp and pulled as Sherlock took him in again with a rumbling groan.
“I love you. I’m sorry.”  Another burst of gunfire, and this time I can hear the metallic ring of bullets finding their mark. The helicopter lurches, but stays in range. I know they won’t risk killing him. “
“He’s one of Brook’s men,” she says. “So nobody can get in to see Mr. Holmes unless they’re authorized.”
“I’ve frightened you,” Sherlock said. “And you hate being frightened, so in a moment, you’re going to be angry.”
Eventually, Sherlock clears his throat. “You know, I—I wasn’t sure what to tell Vanessa about—about beds, and things. But given these developments, I thought perhaps we might not…not need the other one.”
“So, what, you’re just gonna let them push you around?” I shift in my seat, wanting action. “He trusts you, you know, you could—“
I picked up one of the blankets and laid it down on the pallet, then guided Holmes to lie down, which he did without complaint, curling up on himself like a child. I tucked the other two blankets over him, then set about removing my own clothes.
pushes the button. Sherlock bites off a groan and sits back in his seat. Far back. He slouches, trying to tilt his pelvis to take the pressure off, but he can’t quite manage it. The low, insistent vibration seems to be everywhere at once, and it feels like madness. He squirms, fingers drumming on the chair arms. He could call a halt, but he doesn’t want to actually
“It was after we cast the Blessing together,” Sherlock said. “It—I don’t know, it wasn’t like writing music, really. The tune just came to me, and I remembered it. It’s always in my head when I’m with you. I started playing it when you seemed to be having a nightmare. I thought it might help.”
For Christmas, Sherlock gets an extravagant mobile phone and the corpse of Irene Adler.  If it is her…he’s not sure, actually.  The bashed-up face is quite suspicious.
“Well. The potion instructions call for ‘three gode wyzards’. I’m guessing that the others—the Slytherins—thought she wasn’t…”
And I guess I’m real enough, after all, because he says “Afghanistan or Iraq?”  And it’s true that I don’t even have to pretend.  If anything, that first moment of raking scrutiny drives out of my head any hope that pretending might be remotely possible.  I’ll be myself, or I’ll be nobody.
John began to see: all those magicians, going about in groups, hiring out as clans.  They were never on their own.  They always had each other.  And who did Sherlock have?
John had said in the past that he rather enjoyed these little delays in gratification. The two of them would make it part of their play, with John scraping together enough coherence to scold Sherlock for his inadequacy as an Alpha. Sherlock would apologize profusely and promise to try to do better. It was delicious, and John would very quickly get what he needed.
“Ah, this is John Watson, my flatmate. John, this is my brother, Mycroft Holmes. So sorry you don’t have time to get to him know him, but I’m sure he was just leaving.”
“All right,” John said. “So Mycroft was wrong.  Everything’s fine.  I’m just your flatmate and occasional assistant.  You can stop pacing.”
It doesn’t take long. The restaurant greeter almost drops her tablet when she sees us walk in the door, and our waiter is equally excited, though he hides it better. After leaving us the wine list he comes back to ask in a hushed tone whether we would mind if the head chef came out to speak with us. Heads are turning at the other tables. I see at least three cellphones being held at discreetly photographic angles. So. We’re having the intended effect.
Things roll along to one of their many possible conclusions, Sherlock and me sitting in an Italian restaurant.  I order wine, because there is an edge that needs taking off.  I make small talk; asking Sherlock if he has a girlfriend feels extremely strange, since I know very well that he has only ever been single (speculation about his sexual identity is rampant; if he’s ever had sex, it was completely darked out), but it feels like the thing to say in the moment.  Something about my delivery must be off, though, because he thinks I’m chatting him up.  Am I chatting him up?  Would John Watson chat him up?
By now, most of the students were listening. All eyes turned to the three Slytherin students, who had been just about to join hands over one of the cauldrons, and were now looking, John thought, a bit guilty.
Opening my eyes again, I was almost surprised to find that we were still in the garret and not transported to some strange, new world. The whole affair had taken only minutes. Holmes gave two more hard, damp exhales before turning his face away from my back. I missed his mouth immediately.
Mycroft exhaled slowly, as though willing himself to calm.  “Not officially, no,” he admitted.  “But that doesn’t mean we want it to happen.”
.” Breathless, he turns his head to kiss me, long and deep, his body all trembling against me. “You can,” he says.
to me, you’re here voluntarily.  I mean, yes, you’d have to go and stay with your wretched sister or something for a while, but you could leave if you wanted to.”
“Forty-five minutes.” John looked up at him, unutterably lovely with his face flushed and his hair all sticking up and his naked legs crossed on the duvet. “Is that enough time?”
I get a bit curious when the car doesn’t head for the usual sound stage, but instead takes me to an enormous power complex on what passes for the outskirts of town. I have little choice but to go inside. I’m half expecting a film crew, but there’s nobody there. Just her—Irene.
“Holmes!” I cried, and ran with my oar to the spot where he had gone in. I saw with relief that his head was above water.
“Hello, boys,” says Martha Hudson, from beneath an extravagantly plumed hat. “Oh, I hope we won’t be sitting in the garden. It’s so dreadfully hot, and the weeds make me sneeze, you know.”
At home they fell into bed promptly. John rolled Sherlock onto his back and fingered and sucked him to a trembling, gushing climax. Then Sherlock used John’s favorite plug on him, slowly stroking John’s back and murmuring endearments in his ear all the while as John writhed and gasped his way through it. Afterward, John cuddled bonelessly against him, and they slept in a sideways tangle on the bare sheet until some time in the wee hours, when they got up and used the toilet and showered and straightened out the bedclothes. In this pre-dawn waking, John was Alpha, and when they got back into bed Sherlock spooned up hard against his back so that he could squeeze and stroke him to sleepy half-hardness before they both drifted off again.
After a moment, he nods, and so I tell him, as best I can. I’ve rambled on for about five minutes when he interrupts.
“On the contrary, that’s the last thing I want to happen.” He leans forward. “I’m not an idiot, Jack. I know you’ve been in contact with Richard Brook’s operatives. I know you’re sympathetic to his cause. But if you don’t want Sherlock’s heart broken, you have only one option, and that is to play your part. Until the day you die, if necessary.”
“Hang on,” said John, cocking his head. He was listening, looking, maybe even smelling, searching for the door. The tricky thing about magical enforcement in London was that the Wizarding world was overlaid on the city in a somewhat discontinuous way. Wizarding enclaves could be small and difficult to find. Sure, there were some everybody knew about, like Diagon Alley, but others you could only find by luck and skill. Now and then a wizard or witch would find some corner of the Muggle world that nobody cared about and fold it quietly away for a hiding place. John suspected that was what had happened here.
among them, probably—but that would feel too much like thinking, and he didn’t want to think. He wanted to press his face into Sherlock’s skin, which he did, and Sherlock kissed the top of his head and got an arm around him. “’S good,” said John, and fell into a doze.
When she answers him, her words run clattering down the long hall of his mind palace, a giggling child who darts behind a door and shuts it, creating a whole new room just for herself.
He was just considering lighting some candles when someone banged open the door. Stone walls, heavy wood—no approaching footsteps to warn him. John was on his feet with his wand out before he could think.
As the incantation drew to a close, the glowing light flared in their hands. Then, with the final flick of their wands, it plunged down into the cauldron. Unlike the usual evanescent spark that John had produced when casting the spell alone, this light coalesced into a glowing sphere that sank to the bottom of the cauldron like a large glass marble. It then began to dissolve into the potion, its edges blurring slightly almost at once.
With that, he whirled out of the flat, shutting the door soundly behind him.  That wouldn’t do.  Cursing to himself, John hurried to put on his coat.  Making sure the twig was still in his pocket, he went after Sherlock, hoping the magician wasn’t already too far ahead.  When he got out onto the pavement, though, he found Sherlock waiting for him, hands in pockets.  As soon as John caught up, he turned without a word and began walking, quickly enough that John, with his cane, had to struggle to keep up.
“You haven’t even noticed it’s gone, have you? Well, never mind, let’s get on with the pistols first.”
Sherlock let go of his own shaft (which was as hard as bloody iron, thank you very much) to fumble among the pillows until he found the present, which he pressed into John’s hand.
So it is with no little trepidation that he mounts the stairs to Flight 007. But then: corpses. He lets out a long, relieved breath. Coventry. Of course.
Once I’ve got the three serial numbers selected, I go to K2K and hit the switch. The hourglass spins for almost a minute before it turns green. My laptop shows a grey haze where Sherlock’s mirror was. I slip the phone back into its drawer, taking a moment to wipe off my fingerprints. And we’re done.
They dawdled around the village together until it was time for John to go, and they kissed goodbye, rather more decorously than John would have preferred, before he sprang aloft from the village green.
So perfect, all rosy-cheeked and breathless and trapped leaking in his pants. He rubs up hard under my palm, bites his knuckle, and yeah, there, I’ve got him, can feel his cock swell huge and pulse and shoot in its confinement. Stretched cloth, wet through. I slip a finger into the waistband to feel the slick on his skin, and he shudders, clutching at my arms.
“Well, you’re right,” Lady Stoner says, recovering her composure first. “My mother saw to it that all these old paintings were documented. You’re looking at Laurence Stoner, Third Viscount Hinsdale. He did serve in India and the Far East, and then he came back here and got married. He was my great grandfather. There’s always been a whiff of scandal about him, but I don’t have any more detail than that.”
, it was working. It was done. Just the tip, in the hot, unrelenting constriction of the inside of shivering, gasping Alpha John.
We head back along the edge of the lake. It’s not until some time later, when we have to turn off of the waterside path, that I realize he hasn’t let go of my hand.
.  It wouldn’t be holly, otherwise.  Now, quickly, if you please.  It should sting, but not bruise.”
We go out for Chinese, and the restaurant is picture-perfect, garlic prawns and crispy lo mein and wonton soup in a little white bowl with wiggly-looking red and gold decorations around the rim, and too many little round cups of jasmine tea, considering it’s nearing two in the morning.  Sherlock deduces my gap year teaching English in Hong Kong from the way I hold my chopsticks, and all the time he’s giving me that
“Tell him whatever you like. Just make it clear that he’ll never see the woman again. If he wants to examine the mobile, let him. He’ll see that it’s wiped completely clean. He can keep it, for all I care.”
“Anyway,” Gary says. “Sorry we couldn’t do a twin for you boys. Last minute reservations, you know how it is.”
he spoke, and flicked the wand to either side. A narrow beam of blue light shone out of his wand and slithered away into the dark crevice. Now there was nothing to do but wait. The revealing charm John had cast would work if the magic in play were an illusion, but it would not break a Fidelius charm.
He looks hard at me, eyes narrowed. A flash of emotion—puzzlement, disappointment?—passes over his face too quickly for me to catch. He looks back at his screen a moment longer, then snaps the laptop shut and drops the phone back into his bag.
Mike didn’t resist the change of subject, and they chatted amiably for a while and promised to keep in touch.
“John Hamish Watson,” he said, and John tried not to jump out of his skin, because this was just something magicians could do: know your name without being told.  It didn’t help that his voice sounded like pure midnight crawling out of a panther’s throat.  Sherlock Holmes looked up at him, and John felt that he was being looked
“Oh, by Jove,” he huffed, thrusting into it: once, and then again, his long body working against mine. Lord, the things I wanted to do with that body! I was wild with the sensation of his prick rubbing past my bollocks, of his fingertips digging into my chest. I took hold of my prick, but I only had time for a couple of pulls before his hand pushed mine away.
We pull up just a few seconds behind Sherlock’s cab. I see him get out. Bending toward the driver’s window, he makes a sudden movement, a lurch or lunge, as though surprised, then stumbles backward as the driver speeds off. Lestrade waits in the car while I get out. When I catch up to Sherlock, he’s standing on the pavement looking dazed.
Jesus. Testing me. He’s been doing it more and more lately. It makes me angry, on top of everything else.
Perhaps it was because he could nearly always deduce the contents of a gift before he opened it. Perhaps it was because he dismissed nearly all occasion-based gift-giving as sentimental nonsense. A gift, he felt, ought to arise spontaneously out of a desire to give a particular thing to a particular person. Otherwise, it was a mere obligation, a trifle, a trick. The unadorned package was the clearest way to convey the simplest of all generous sentiments:
I’m probably rubbish at this, but I keep trying, glancing up at him now and then to see his reactions. At first he keeps the back of his hand against his mouth so I can’t see his face, but after a few minutes he shifts, gets his hand behind his head, looks down at me, his cheeks flushed, mouth red and hanging open a little, which gives me some courage. Then he gets his fingers into my hair, and I—oh, good, that is good, it makes something light up in me and I stop worrying about the mechanics and just feel him, all hot and ripe and open to me.
“Go on then,” said John, smiling, so Sherlock wrapped his lubed hand around John’s cock without further ado.
“Irene Adler?” Greg chimes in.  “What, are we gonna have scandalous photos of you with the Czech prime minister?”
“John, the gun.” It takes me a second to realize what he intends, but quickly enough I fumble the piece out of my trousers and train it on the motorbike’s rider. The man raises his hands and climbs off the bike. Sherlock climbs on, I get on behind him—
watch Sherlock, as far as I know, but by far the most widely held opinion, now, is that the whole thing was unethical and it’s good that it’s over.
He has exhausted all his ideas about the video feed that he found via Irene’s phone. The most likely culprit for any unwanted spying on his personal life would be Mycroft, but then, how was Irene’s phone connected to it? Another possibility: Irene herself was spying on him. But then, why two phones? Third possibility: Moriarty. He helped Irene with her little scheme; perhaps he had her set up some sort of surveillance in exchange.
“Sherlock,” I say again, uncertain. I take his wrist to pull his hand away from his face, and his skin feels good against mine so I interlace our fingers, and then I kiss him again, or lean up so he can kiss me, or something, the great lanky idiot, and he does, properly this time, for a long, still moment. Even after all these weeks without contact, we still fit together like this. When it’s over, he keeps his eyes closed, still.
He finds John sitting in the churchyard, scribbling in his notebook. He puts it away as Sherlock approaches.
He was shaking hard, still, his body tense all over. Without thinking, I pressed a kiss to the back of his neck.
Slow Glass is a concept I lifted from my dim memory of Bob Shaw's story "The Light of Other Days". (I thought I remembered it being Bradbury, but I've been set straight!)
I get into the shower myself after Sherlock comes out. The tiny room is humid, all the mirrors steamed over. For a few minutes, I’m alone; I can think my own thoughts and feel my own feelings, and brace myself for whatever is coming. I’m going to let it come. I’m through fighting it.
Sherlock made his way to a corner restaurant.  It looked a dark sort of establishment, old and never remodeled, as though it were owned by an old man who only kept it because he had nothing else to do.  As though it would die when he did.
Mycroft looks very little changed.  If what Brook said was true, then he’s been more or less confined to quarters, but I wouldn’t be at all surprised to learn that he’s got a shower and a full wardrobe in here. He only looks a little more tired than usual. I wonder if he’s been sleeping on one of the sleek lozenges that may or may not be sofas.
Oh...very well.  John took it.  Sherlock’s chilled fingers wrapped around his hand, and then Sherlock laid his other hand upon the stone.
Lingering in the village also gives John a chance to blow off steam over a few pints of the local brown ale. He doesn’t get entirely smashed, but his high spirits on the walk back to their car are enough to kindle a small spark of pride in Sherlock’s breast.
limp.  It’s been deleted.  It was never real, anyway; a phantom injury, a phantom pain.  Sherlock has restored me to myself.  The lie of pain has been revealed, truth restored.  Jack Wilson or John Watson—one of the two—is now a little more real.
Sherlock is more than ready to have the police bureaucracy over with. The two children—rather dim specimens, really—have been treated for shock, not that they seemed to need it, and released back into the care of their supposed parents. Whom they don’t resemble, really, and in fact this whole case has been a bit fishy from the beginning. Overdramatic. Staged. He needs to think.
“You seem nervous,” John said. He stroked Sherlock’s cheek, and Sherlock leaned into the touch, breathing deeply of John’s bewitching scent. Who wouldn’t want him?
“Oh. ‘Course. Sorry,” John said. But Sherlock sped up his steps to get away, and John didn’t go after him.
“I don’t know whether he has or not, but his followers are certainly feeling bold. People are getting hurt, and it’s going to get worse. I can’t just sit here and wait for them to come to me.”
suicidal, but he was definitely agitated. Until we got to the flat, he seemed almost high, like he thought he was on the trail of something. But something about the flat stopped him cold. He got his answer, and he didn’t like it. I break into a run. The sun is starting to come up, the sky washing out to a pale, unnameable color.
“Yeah,” Sherlock said, landing a last sucking kiss beside John’s navel. “I suppose I should—I don’t know. Hide? Where do you want me?”
“And then his first wife died, as well as twelve of his twenty children before the age of three. Your point?”
Sherlock considered this for a moment.  “Nothing that will do any harm,” he said, then waited for John’s answer.  John rolled his eyes.
John made a fairly good day of it.  He met with Mike Stamford again, who asked John what he thought about Sherlock Holmes.
So John packed his duffel and took the Underground to Baker Street. (As usual, the Underground was full of subterranean sorts[ Elaborate on this], but John was used to this thanks to his slim finances.)  The house was tall and narrow, covered in dark ivy that fluttered in the evening breeze.  The apothecary shop on the bottom floor appeared to be out of business, but yellow light shone in the windows above.  A little old woman answered his ring; he’d learn her name later, but for now she only showed him in with a hurried wave of her hand.
It turns out that Sherlock’s exile is quite similar to Mycroft’s, except that the elder brother’s country hideaway has about a thousand times more square footage. Sherlock’s is a tiny crofter’s cottage in Cornwall, with nothing else around it for miles. If you didn’t know Sherlock was there, you might assume it wasn’t even occupied, as the garden has long since gone to seed and the fence and the roof need mending.
“Maybe,” Mycroft says. “Maybe not. But even if you’re right, think of Sherlock. What state will he be in, hmm? Will he be happy in his newfound freedom?”
“All sorts.  I’m best at murders, though.  Come along.”  Working quickly, he capped the vial and dropped it into his pocket.  Then he headed toward the door.
In the dark, in a strange house, alone, Sherlock is as prone as anyone to wandering thoughts. He’s already googled the developer and all of his friends. He’s already considered the case of the two women frightened to death and come up with several possible explanations. He’s already re-read the stack of notes he found upstairs. Now, in the quiet of the wee hours, with nothing to occupy him, he has little choice but to lie down and try to sleep.
“You, meanwhile, are an actor being paid to associate with him. What do you think would happen if my brother were to realize that?”
He ponders the twin phones: the original, and the duplicate he filched from Mycroft’s file on the Woman. He keeps them locked up in a drawer together. Whoever is watching, it seems clear that They know he has one phone, but not that he has two. This allows him to take out one phone or the other when he wants a look. The second phone is indeed wiped clean. It still turns on, but there’s no passcode, and no software or data beyond the original factory settings.
“At least I’ll have a doctor with me.” Then he disappears into his bedroom, presumably to prepare for the trip.
As interested as John was in the fate of Sherlock Holmes, he was not to learn any more about it until quite some time later, because that was the night that Death Eaters destroyed the Brockdale Bridge. Open war had broken out. John was awakened from a sound sleep by a Ministry howler ordering him to report for duty. When he reached the Auror headquarters, every Auror in London seemed to have been called there. Head Auror Scrimgeour himself was handing out assignments. John was dispatched, with several others, to Somerset, where it was rumored that another strike would soon take place. There he met the enemy. For two long years he fought against the forces of darkness. Many times he faced death. He lost friends in the fight, and lovers. Often they died protecting people who did not even believe their kind existed.
“Second Burmese war,” John says, pointing to a silver medal on a striped ribbon. “And this one’s from the Indian Rebellion, I’d guess.”
“You said you saw some sort of ghostly figures, Lady Stoner. Can you tell us more about them? What they looked like, where you saw them?”
At Angelo’s, so long ago, I was desperate to prove that I wasn’t Sherlock’s date. Now I’m honestly not sure whether I am or not.
Sherlock goes on ahead as I get Henry settled. Knight seems genuinely shaken up, not just acting. Something about this rings alarm bells in my head, but I can’t get any sense out of him, so I leave him with “something to help him sleep”—just Benadryl, actually, since I’m really not sure what his deal is—and then I go after Sherlock
She hesitates slightly before replying. “I saw a man, once, about, oh, two weeks ago. I only saw him from the back. Dressed in—I don’t know, plain clothes, but old fashioned looking. He was going up the back stairs, to the old servants’ quarters. I followed him up, but he—he vanished.”
He’s dressed and gone by the time I manage to shake off my daze and get moving. I wonder what the viewing public made of that one.
“Oh, I thought so, too. She had a soft spot for me, though.” His mouth is quirked in a half smile. “She sent you that gun, you know.”
“I wanted to write to you,” Sherlock said. “But I didn’t know if it was safe, if I was being watched. I didn’t want to put you in danger.”
John’s investigation of the outbuildings has not been particularly fruitful. They go into the village for the evening to collect gossip, and this, at last, produces some leads. There’s a developer, a man called Nigel St. Paul, who would like to acquire Stoke Moran in order to build some blocks of flats. That could be a motive for trying to scare Lady Stoner off. Better yet, there’s a connection between St. Paul and Lady Stoner’s late father. Sherlock resolves to speak to him the next morning.
After what seems an endless discussion with the local police force, Sherlock, Lestrade and I have dinner together at the Cross Keys. The conversation flows easily at first, all of us still high on the resolution of the case, but it soon lapses into a stony silence. I wonder what Lestrade makes of getting gassed by his boss. Can’t say I fancied it too much, myself. And Frankland. Jesus.
“No it’s...fine,” Sherlock said, inscrutably.  Then, without warning, he turned away.  He went quickly into his bedroom and shut the door, leaving John to wonder what had happened.
“Wouldn’t you?”  Mycroft rounded on him.  “You’ve defiled and disobeyed enough of our customs; I wouldn’t put it past you.  Is that why you’re so anxious to protect your precious privacy?”
“I’m simply saying they’re irrelevant to the present situation. Now, your leg is cured and we’re one step closer to [catching our man].”
“Ahh, fuck!” John cried, twisting out of the kiss, his voice rough. “Now, Greg, seriously, I’m on fire. Fuck me right now.”
He groans again, wordless but enthusiastic, and ruts harder against my wrist. It’s a fantasy—god, I remember what he asked for, what he wants.
“John?” he said.  “Are you quite well?”  He touched the backs of his fingers to John’s forehead, a light, cool touch.
“Of course,” Sherlock said.  “They can understand complex instructions, they’ve got hands, they can speak in complete sentences.”
I lick him, first, just to explore, and the salt-tang taste is hardly noticeable compared to the silk-slick smoothness of the head of his cock, the inviting roundness of it. He gives a tiny, sharp inhale, his belly fluttering, just a fingertip resting on my shoulder now as his hand thinks of lifting. Then I take him in my mouth, awkward, mouth too full and that damned curve interfering; it must feel like all teeth. He is ambiguously tense. I try for shallower penetration, and that seems better. He gives a raspy inhale when I seal my lips beneath the flare of the glans, a muffled moan when I swirl my tongue around. Then he’s quiet, his breathing shallow and uneven.
wasn’t forming a knot either, and that was surprising enough to kick-start the part of his brain that wasn’t wrapped up in the image of John being serviced by their best friend’s cock.
However upset I am, I don’t dare go far from Sherlock. Out in the windy night, I sit down on one of the picnic table benches outside of the pub. I still have my glass from inside, and I toss the liquor back quickly, relishing the burn of it.
“That will do,” he said suddenly.  “Please step outside the circle now.  Over there.”  He flicked a finger toward one corner of the room without opening his eyes or lowering his arms.  John went where he was told, then waited to see the rest of the proceedings.
seem like alien beings, full of a raw and chaotic liveliness that stirred up in John an unexpected mixture of emotions. He tried to imagine facing a whole classroom full of them, and his stomach clenched. McGonagall knew her business, it seemed.
Sherlock was close, close enough for John to feel the air move when he breathed, close enough for him to hear the slight unsteadiness as he inhaled.
“That could be relevant,” John says, filling the silence. “If someone knew you had a creepy feeling about this picture, it would be good material for trying to scare you.”
“You’d have told him straight away,” Mycroft says, musing. “So why haven’t you done it? Why not do it right now? You can use my phone.”
ends up getting put off slightly. Both of us need the loo, and Sherlock decides to clean his teeth, and I decide it would only be polite to do the same, especially since the en suite is a palatial affair with two sinks. So we attend to our ablutions side by side, as though we’ve been doing it that way for years, as though it hasn’t been nearly a year since we were properly together. Sherlock finishes before me, and when I get out he’s already undressed and under the covers, with the curtains drawn and one bedside lamp glowing warmly.
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something cutting about relying on local law enforcement not to be complete idiots, but John breaks in.
“Very kind,” said McGonagall absently. Then her manner changed. She folded her hands briskly on the desk and leaned forward to regard him.
“Yeah, it’s…hmm. Sensitive. Different.” John’s hand fell to his own cock. Sherlock took this as permission to go on, and so he did, pushing and stroking and stretching while John rubbed slow circles over his glans, breathing unsteadily through his nose. Sherlock had worried that John’s prostate would be hard to find, but no, it was there, not even terribly deep inside, and it made John twitch and moan when Sherlock touched it. Surely that was a mark of success. Even if John didn’t enjoy going further, this ought to be added to their repertoire for certain.
“What there is of them. But since we no longer see everything…well.”  He makes an empty-handed gesture. “Not that certain things aren’t blindingly obvious. Why have you stopped being intimate?”
There were some rustling sounds whose import was not completely clear to Sherlock, but now John and Greg moved into view of the lens, and Sherlock was treated to the somewhat grainy image of naked Greg pushing naked John back onto the bed. They were kissing; it was something of a shock to see Greg’s face, actually—actually bearing down on John, and John with his mouth wide open for Greg’s tongue to plunder.
“Just left me here alone,” John said, and upstairs Sherlock huffed out a breath, fought the urge to squirm. “But I’m
Mr. Knight has arranged accommodations for us at the Cross Keys inn, a medieval building remodeled as a vegetarian B&B. We’re greeted by Gary, a chatty, bearded fellow—gay, I think, not that it matters. He helps us get our things up the narrow stairway, then unlocks our room and ushers us in with a flourish. I’m halfway through the door when I realize they’ve given us a room with only one bed. I turn to say there must be some mistake, but Gary has already disappeared off down the stairs.
Somebody orders special protection for me, and I don’t refuse it. Riding out of Sherlock’s London in an armored car, everything feels distant, fragmentary. It’s only when the lights and noise have fallen away behind us that my scattered pieces pull together once again. Since hearing Sherlock’s shattered voice on the phone, I’ve been carrying a dull, nameless feeling. Now, that feeling coalesces, becomes dense, like a nebula collapsing to form a new star. The star ignites, burns red and then white. Mycroft.
There’s nothing I can possibly say. He looks at me with a tightness around his eyes, around his mouth. His faith in me is slipping away, and I’m powerless to stop it. If I try to go on as before, I’ll lose him. If I bring up the elephant in the room—same thing, probably.
Conversation is impossible thanks to the rotor noise, but the pilot throws a wink in my direction. I do not wink back.
The whole thing feels strange, abstract, like one of those dreams where you’re at school but you haven’t been to class all year, and now it’s exam time and you’re lost.  The ground floor is unoccupied.  I push open the heavy steel fire door that leads to the stairwell, and go up.
He looked askance at that last, wondering if it sounded too desperate. Well, it was written now, and he hated to waste parchment. He signed it
“Never mind that you’ve shot people, I suppose.” He lets the bottle go, though, and pulls out something cheaper, left over from the Christmas party. He downs a tumblr of the amber liquid without so much as flinching.
“I’ll take my chances,” John said. “Besides, I’ve got a shift scheduled. Too late to get out of it now, even if I
We make our way to a private helipad early the next morning. Sherlock doses himself just before we leave the flat.
Around dusk, the police arrive. Real police, and Army Reserve troops. Lights, helicopters, bullhorns blasting sharp commands. The riots are quelled. When the streets are passable again, they bring in buses to take everyone away, back to the real world.
, where the angle is perfect, and then we’re kissing, and it’s like our first kiss—like a movie kiss, like the kiss we could have had if everything had been different.
“Hang on,” I manage. I push my hand against his chest until he pulls back enough to look at me. “Can we go upstairs?” And I really don’t mean that the way it sounds, but—
“No, stay,” John said. “God. Just. Hngh.” And he stroked himself with the toy, thrusting into it, which put just enough friction on the head of Sherlock’s cock that he no longer felt the urge to move. He let go of himself to grip John’s hipbone so that he could brace against the short, sharp movements of John’ hips. John, who was so stretched full of Sherlock that he couldn’t take any more,
He paused just inside the doorway, as though confused, and shot dubious looks first at Sherlock, then at John. He came cautiously inside and handed one of the cups to John.
“Tch. Course you are.” I lean my head back, look up at the stars. I never meet anybody for real anymore.
“I’m going to start paying you rent,” he said.  Really, that was all had intended to say, from the beginning.  Sherlock was silent, concentrating once more on his experiment.  John had a moment to start feeling silly.  Sherlock’s words echoed in his mind:
And then I guess I smile a bit, and he smiles back—his real, crooked, cocky, eye-twinkling grin, just for me. We kiss more, and he pulls me close, but then I just want to get closer, so I break off the kiss and hug him tight, pressing my face into the warm hollow of his neck. He makes a low, contented sound and rests his cheek on my head. We stand that way for some time.
I have people on the inside, but I also have people on the outside. My connections, invisibly joined, so that one little tug shivers the whole web.
When the other shoe finally drops, it’s in the form of a text. Sherlock’s dozing on my chest when his phone chimes on the bedside table.
hates them. The few times he’s been forced to fly for cases, Mycroft has been good enough to provide him with strong medication, which he has taken half an hour before boarding. He can’t remember the details of a single flight he’s been on, and he’d like to keep it that way. It’s irrational; he doesn’t even remember the reason for it. He just really, really hates planes.
“Would you like that?” I lean in close to lick his ear. “Just keep you on the edge, get you all…slack and…pliant—“
So Sherlock sits straight up. It’s still intense, but better. Far more focused. A deep, spreading heat starts up in his cubicular nerves, and those knobbly bits are—well. A bit of all right. Sherlock’s eyes drift closed. Shift. Oh. All right then. Rock.
what happens to you.  I want you to know who is in charge of you and Sherlock and this entire operation.”
The trail takes us through a few twists and turns to a rather gloomy row house on the edge of town. Sherlock knocks, waits, then jimmies the lock with a credit card. He goes quickly through the front room, sparing hardly a glance for the dingy furnishings, making instead for the master bedroom, which is dominated by a four-poster bed and a large wooden wardrobe. It’s 3:15.
Having no better response to hand, John set down his bag and went to pick up the object Sherlock had indicated.  It was, indeed, a branch of holly; three branches, to be exact, bound together at their cut ends by a leather cord, which also played the role of a handle.  The sprigs were lush with glossy, thorn-tipped leaves and clusters of bright red berries.
I lean down onto my elbows, which means Sherlock has to lift his feet right up to keep the angle, and gravity pulls me further into him. He gives a deep, unsteady sigh, and reaches his hands around to grip my buttocks. I’d like to kiss him, but the fact is, I’m shorter than he is, so my mouth ends up in the vicinity of his collar bone. I settle for kissing that.
So I’m feeling pretty good as we make our way back to Henry Knight’s place after the sighting of his “hound”. I didn’t see it, and Sherlock claims not to have seen it, though Henry seems sure that he must have. Conflicting evidence! Drama! Things are heating up.
With “legitimate” authorization from Mycroft, we get into Baskerville much more easily the second time. Of course, our fist visit was also actually completely authorized and planned for, but Sherlock, naturally, wasn’t to know. Round and round we go.
Only much later, after [….who the fuck knows…], did John have leisure to really look at his leg. In the bathroom at 221b, he took down his trousers with the intent of surveying the damage. Whatever he’d expected, it wasn’t this: no injury at all, no scar, no mark of any kind. Just smooth, whole skin. Exactly as though nothing had happened.
He enunciates his answer with sarcastic prissiness. “I find a shot of scotch facilitates the effects nicely.”
I debated whether to point out that, strictly speaking, I had placed myself in this position, but he went on, evidently at pains to express himself precisely.
“Nearly dinner time, I guess,” John said. “Do you want to meet again tomorrow? I’ve got free after Herbology, at one.”
“You can fuck him whenever you like,” Sherlock said lightly. (“Yes,” whispered John, in his ear.) “Whenever I’m not using him. He loves to be fucked. Don’t you?”
He had no fear that she would keep him waiting, for procrastination was not any part of her nature. Indeed, her owl found him the very next day. She invited him, in few words, to visit the school for an interview.
“Hello, John, are you with us?” Dominic teased. It was the third time John had lost the thread of the conversation.
The restaurant we’ve chosen is adjacent to Hyde Park, inside a hotel whose name is the same as its address. It’s a French cuisine place; the website showed a long dining room with high ceilings and round chandeliers and a lot of tall white curtains. Supposedly it’s a place one goes to spot celebrities. As our car pulls up at the end of our four-hour drive, we prepare to be spotted.
“Rowan berries in the windows, Sherlock?  Ivy on the door?  Those things won’t protect you, not against someone who really wants to do you harm.”
“John, I know I’ve been a bit distracted lately, but I think I would have noticed a thing like that. Now, if you’re quite finished, I’ve a criminal mastermind to convict.”
Ok.  It seems we’re going to pretend nothing happened.  I can’t say I’m too surprised by this approach.  The rest of the day passes in awkward silence, and Sherlock is a bit strange again the following day, though not quite so distracted.  A good case comes in the day after that, and things start getting back to normal.  I try not to dwell too much on the sense-memory of his lips pressed against mine, and mostly succeed.
