“Sherlock? Where are you going?” John looked into the area they were searching, then back towards his partner moving in the opposite direction. “Sherlock.” He repeated as he caught up.
“Hurry up; we have an artifact to catch.” Sherlock added, the sound of his voice fading. John laid back down, tired, confused and absolutely not ready to face this day when he thought of something and sat up again.
Sherlock had deemed the tags intriguing, but useless since he couldn’t use them. Never would he have guessed that someone would one day try to use them on him and
The former soldier eyed the glowing elephant worriedly as Sherlock approached him and slammed the artifact onto the steel plate. If John had felt the effects previously, this was like a wave of electricity crashing around him.
John stared, jaw clenched. Sometimes he wondered if Sherlock acted like a prick for the attention or if he really was trying to cut himself off from society. Even though he was used to this behavior, even if he tried to rationalise it with bad past experiences, it didn’t make being pushed away hurt any less. “Are you purposely trying to be alone?” It came out harsher than John would have wanted.
Lestrade crossed his arms. “Besides the fact that I could arrest you for obstruction, we can’t use a suspect as a specialist.”
“No John, we didn’t know about Manning.” He said reassuringly before moving on quickly. “And did you really think I wouldn’t monitor the CCTV of King’s Cross?”
“Well. I would have preferred your decision to be made under different circumstances but nevertheless, happy to have you on the team.” The older Holmes concluded.
Holmes took off his jacket and stretched, hands almost touching the ceiling. After a breath he let his arms spread wide, making the buttons of his shirt threaten to pop. Watson leaned against the closed the door and watched Holmes’s lean form arch and stretch. the sight making him forget what he wanted to tell Holmes.
“Great, that’s great, that’s exactly what you’re supposed to do, embellish. Embellish all you want, fill in the blanks. Understand what motivates him, why he says his lines, what pushes him forward in the story.”
“Because, you’re the one who keeps going on about thread count, and cashmere, and skincare, not to mention how much you invest in hair products.”
John threw the sword away and took off his shirt to press it onto the wound. Even though the senior agent had reacted to the pain, he was still unconscious. As John leaned forward to increase pressure, the dog tags clinked around his neck. He grabbed them with one hand, expecting something to happen if he did and held them tightly as he kept pressure on the wound.
“Well dress me like a horse and call me Silver,” Wiggins exclaimed. “Sherlock Holmes, you’ve got some skills.” Wiggins leaned back in his chair then turned to Stamford. “To be honest, I’m not really surprised about Morgan, I mean Moriarty. He’s clearly the villain type, but Ms Hawkins, never saw that one coming.” Wiggins noticed Murray who had his head down and arms crossed. “Oh, I’m sorry Murray.”
As angry as he was, John recognised it was the first time Sherlock had used the word please since he had met him. Even though he was starting to realise that the longer he stayed the harder it would be for him to leave, it was also becoming clear that maybe he didn’t really want to leave. As crazy as this all was, he’d never felt so alive.
“No, it’s fine, thank you.” Sherlock breathed as John moved away to dump the melted ice into the sink.
Sherlock was on the edge of panic. He should have addressed this as soon as he had read John mention the lingerie on his blog. Although admittedly, he wasn’t expecting John to make it this far.
Watson raised his eyebrows in surprise. The first day of filming with Anderson had been disastrous. Morgan had been horrible, criticising everything from the set, to the lights, to the costumes. Ms Riley had run off crying.
“Alright, I’ll be right back.” Her voice cracked as she half closed the door and went inside. John turned to Sherlock slowly.
Lestrade led the way out of the office, followed by Holmes. Stamford put on his suit jacket and turned to Watson, who was still sitting at the desk.
“If you won’t even give it a go, then why are you here?” John was coming off angrier than he was. He was more concerned about what would happen in the long run. Quite frankly, when the selfish bastard you’ve been working/living with for weeks suddenly starts making you coffee, stops arguing and listens to you... its really creepy. Clearly it wouldn’t take longer than a day or two for Sherlock to go back to his old ways of disappearing in the middle of a case and unnecessarily risking their lives.
“Did you purchase a violin online?” John repeated softly, trying to take back control of the conversation.
“It’s when you meet a woman, and you just feel that click, that… connection with her.” Ms Hawkins offered, “It’s hard to explain. Your body is always aware of her, always thinking about her, gravitating towards one another. Almost as if the universe was conspiring to make you meet. There’s just something there, so intense that others notice, while you forget anyone else is in the room. Chemistry is the best word for it, at least that’s the term we like to use. It’s what makes the best couples on camera. Look at Fred and Ginger, they’re electric together. That’s why they get cast so often, it costs less in screentests, and you’re sure it’ll work.”
John could feel himself lose it. His normal level of self control had weakened because of the hangover. He wanted this to be as pleasant as it could be, but he certainly wasn’t going to take Sherlock’s bullshit all day. “I have seen a lot of unexplainable things since I became an agent and there’s a lot I don’t understand, mostly because you don’t explain shit to me. I’m just supposed to shut up and follow like a good little soldier. Well now it’s your turn to shut up and listen. If we have any chance at succeeding here, it’s together. So suck it up and do it.” John voice had stayed low; his commanding tone creeping in towards the end. He took a short breath, shifted his weight. “We’ll see what happens and go on from there.”
“Welcome to Warehouse 13.” The soldier heard the man say as he took in the sight. It was enormous. It just... went on as far as he could see. Industrial lights hung from the metal frames holding the roof, Watson estimated at 120 feet high, lighting the endless rows of containers, racks and shelves filled with... everything. Boxes, books, and objects he couldn’t distinguish from where he stood. And was that a house he could see? And.. a Windmill? How could...
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, he could see the ease with which John held it, the practiced movement as he tested its strength and tension with both hands, giving the tool a slight arc before letting his arm drop down to his side.
Relieved, John took his hand off the wood and dropped it next to him. He wrapped his arms around himself and looked for something to smash the frozen sticky string.
Watson, still leaning against the door, looked up when Holmes stopped in front of him, confused. “And where are you going?”
Holmes seemed pleased Watson was keeping track. “Because Anderson was drugged and sent up a balcony with a railing built high enough to protect his partner, but just below his centre of gravity, making it easy for him to topple over and fall to his death.”
“Alright, Holmes, I trust you’re well rested, warmed up and ready, because we have a lot to do before tonight’s audition,” Ms Hawkins said as she set her things on the table. “As you can see, I’ve asked Dimmock and Wiggins to join us to fine tune your performances. We’ll start with the opening song, then the first meeting. If we have any time left, we’ll work on the date.”
“Why are you telling me this?” he asked tiredly, taken at a loss to the relevance of what he was hearing.
His partner’s reaction was predictable, and didn’t dampen John’s enthusiasm. “I don’t know, thought it had a nice ring to it.”
Watson closed the last page of the script and found himself looking at it with a fond smile. A part of him felt guilty for getting angry and storming into the audition. Now that he had read the notes, he knew Holmes really was just suggesting small changes here and there to give the characters and story more depth. He really was just trying to make a better movie. It had nothing to do with his ego.
The artifact beeped loudly before changing the display on its screen. They held their breath as they watched a single entry appear. Sherlock stretched over John to grab a pen and paper and scribble down the numbers as quickly as he could. As soon as he finished writing the last number, he headed straight for the Warehouse computer. John walked up behind him and waited silently as he watched the monitor.
“I don’t care what you say; I am looking at it again when we get out of here.” John threatened as he got his coat as well.
“Of course it’s locked.” She said matter-of-factly, as if Holmes were dim-witted, which made Watson stifle a laugh.
“What are you doing?” John whispered as he saw the sign over the door. “We’re sure to get caught if we open that door.”
Once the crew was settled, Watson moved to a different spot to get a better view of the set. Even though the lights, camera and crew blocked him a bit, he thought it was the best seat in the studio to watch Adler and Holmes perform.
“I’m… glad to hear that.” John said as he finished cleaning the stove. “Does that mean that you might consider a career as an actor?”
Molly felt her pulse quicken, a blush creeping up and out of her collar, spreading across her neck and face. It tingled along her back as Sherlock pushed John’s shirt up and over her head before dipping down to capture her lips once more. Molly squeezed her legs together as they opened their mouths, their tongues meeting in the middle. Watched John tilt her head back as Sherlock kissed her way down her neck, nipping the skin every now and then, making John smile between labored breaths. The smile vanished, her mouth twisting into an O as Sherlock bit down onto her shoulder, her cheeks hollowed as she sucked her skin. John’s grip on Sherlock’s shirt tightened, the fabric straining as she twisted in pleasure. Sherlock held her with one arm around John’s waist, and the other cupped her right breast, still caught in her brassiere. Molly watched as Sherlock used the same focus she used in her work directed on John instead. For a moment, Molly imagined what that would feel like and shivered. Sherlock was paying attention to every detail, every one of John’s reactions to her lips and tongue, hands and fingers…
Sherlock could read John’s story in the worn fabric of his trousers, the multiple repairs around the pockets, the worn latches and strings that had held tools to save lives and kill others, the scuffed combat boots, the sweat stains on his shirt. Sherlock was lost in visions of golden hair in the sun.
“John?” The voice came from behind the door. With his eyes closed, John waited for him to open his door. “John, get up we need to-” Sherlock started to say as he pushed it open and walked into the room, only to find the soldier lying in bed, his eyes closed with an outstretched arm pointing the Tesla at him.
Watson took a deep breath and reminded himself this would all be over soon, and he’d never have to work with Holmes again. “Just... forget about it. Focus on the audition.”
Lestrade led the way to interrogation room two. He unlocked the door and held it open, but stopped Sherlock’s entry with a hand on his chest.
John and Sherlock nod to each other. Sherlock grabs a flyer from the stand along the wall and fake reads it. John does the same with his phone. They wait. No one walks in. Sherlock looks from the door to John. John takes a step towards the door and looks outside. There’s no one there.
John was about to argue but instead narrowed his eyes at his partner before turning to their hostage, using the velocity of his movement to wind up his left arm into an uppercut and punching him between the ninth and tenth rib. Lennox bent forward as much as he could with his bound hands and moaned in pain, his breath short.
“Then what are they doing with them?” John asked as he nursed his coffee and stood beside Sherlock to read over his shoulder.
I’m surprised you didn’t notice, but more importantly: you really think I brought my illegal gun to America?
Holmes had no idea what to say or do; this was his first day with the people he would be spending a lot of time with for the next few weeks. He didn’t want to make a scene, but he knew he couldn’t let the comment slide. Seeing how Ms Hawkins was starting to look at him worriedly, he opted with shaking his head and mumbling about never doing such a thing.
“Watson, it’s Neeson. Listen, I’m really sorry for what happened, there’s no reason for you to get suspended for this. I mean, you sounded weird on the coms, but suspended? It’s... Shit, I don’t know. Just... Just call me when you get this.” Mustard, water bottles, baking soda and shit, no milk. Closing the door he headed straight for his stash of whiskey in the cupboard as he listened to the next message.
John willed himself to stay positive and failed miserably. Why hadn’t the security system kicked in? It had been put to the test more than once, notwithstanding the purple shower they had gotten only days before. And anyway, what were really missing from those stations were basic medical kits.
“Yes, well. Thank you.” John said awkwardly. “Well, I guess we have a big day tomorrow, I better get to bed.” He said as he stood up, picked up both their unfinished containers and put them in the fridge. He turned to face Sherlock who was about to stand until he remembered his leg. “Oh, sorry, you can take the ice off, here, let me.” He said as he walked back to him. He took off the cold press and looked at the skin underneath, rubbing it gently to feel the inflammation. Looking up at Sherlock, he could see him leaning stiffly back in his chair, his hands gripping the arm rests tightly. “Are you alright? Does it hurt?”
“Someone went through the trouble of letting us know about the GPS. If they’re using this particular artifact, then the message is most likely a location. Hence, the invitation.”
After seven minutes, Sherlock got bored of her experiment and moved to the couch, wondering for the remaining fourteen minutes of John’s shower why it was taking so long. There were only so many times you could shampoo your hair until it was clear the colour was not going away. Maybe she was crying, it did seem like the only place she did it, thinking Sherlock couldn’t hear her over the water. It was true. Most of the time.
Sherlock adjusted the focus and when it was clear she was not going to respond, John snapped. She stretched across the table and pulled away the microscope, effectively taking Sherlock by surprise. She tried to grab it but John had it out of her reach instantly.
“Fine. It-it’s fine.” John struggled, cursing at himself. He was feeling like a 13 year old boy, nervous, getting a hard-on at anything remotely sexy. But he wasn’t accustomed to feeling like pray. There was something about this woman that screamed dominance and it was tapping into uncharted territory.
“That’s it. Go on one case with Sherlock. Then tell me you still want to go back to the Special Forces.” Mycroft answered John with pursed lips but smiling eyes. John knew better than to leave the fine print unclear.
Everyone seemed more surprised to hear her talk rather than by her suggestion. Then they all turned to Ms Hooper, whose face was quickly becoming a bright shade of red.
You don’t want to take care of yourself? Fine. Why would I care? Why would anyone care about you if you don’t bother.
Amy walks away slowly, looking over her shoulder intermittently. When she reaches the door she reluctantly goes back to work.
Molly didn’t hear from them for a week and a half. So, when Sherlock stepped through the lab door without a warning she almost dropped her scalpel into the body she had on the slab.
“Not quite.” Holmes crossed his arms and sneered at Lestrade before answering Stamford. “She offered her friendship.”
The wind ruffled the lace on the mannequins as Sherlock pushed through the red door. He nodded to the owner behind the counter. By the way she smiled, she recognized him.
“With the help of a Mesopotamian artifact, the Warehouse developed a system that allows us to encase their bodies into bronze, preserving them indefinitely. Kind of like mummification.”
“It’s breathtaking. Like an impressionist painting come alive,” Holmes explained as he led them across the dance floor, ignoring the furtive glances they were receiving from the other dancers. “You spend your time sailing the seas, discovering new land, like the Galapagos Islands, a beautiful place full of creatures that can be found nowhere else on earth.”
Those were only the first shots of the day and Watson was already thrilled with the experience. And they still had 14 more days of principal photography ahead of them.
About a minute later, they heard a car pull up and honk. They heard a door open and close, and the car driving off soon after. Holmes turned to Watson with a raised eyebrow. Watson rolled his eyes and moved along the truck to get a look at the building; the lights were still on.
Watson opened his mouth to respond but the words died on his lips as his eyes met Holmes’s. He felt like Holmes could see right through him, that there was no use arguing. Because it was true, Watson didn’t want this to end. He hadn’t felt this much thrill in years, but more importantly, he felt useful.
John stood and was about to take off the pack when Sherlock stopped him. “Keep it; it’s useless against the sphere, but doesn’t mean we won’t need it on our way.”
“Stop it.” Sherlock’s voice surprised John, a slight blush forming on his neck and cheeks, hoping that Sherlock hadn’t noticed he’d been watching him. But the agent’s eyes were still closed.
“Molly, the shop is right there. If you don’t feel able to do something as simple as shopping without looking nervous the entire time, then leave.”
Molly cursed the shiver that ran up and down her spine, the tingle in her neck as she felt Sherlock’s breath against her skin.
Watson kept his eyes on Holmes as he took a final step, close enough to kiss. “Every word.” The steadiness of his voice surprised Watson, even if it was barely above a whisper.
Without bothering to retrieve the bullhorn from Morgan, Ms Hawkins clapped her hands twice and shouted, “Twenty minutes people! Clear the set!”
“Look, this is clearly an expendable tertiary character once we’ve gotten the information we need to move the story along. To do that, we’re supposed to, uh, roughen him up a little.”
Holmes stared out the window a moment before suddenly declaring, “I need to see the crime scene again.”
Ding ding ding! Cursed coins for the win! And judging by the face you’re both making I nailed it. Bam, mic drop.
get the door slammed in our faces because you piss people off for the sake of efficiency.” John pleaded as he rang the doorbell.
“Look,” Lestrade straightened, “I know this is a very delicate situation, but I wouldn’t have brought it up if I didn’t think he was on to something.”
“Manning.” John stated, dumbfounded. He stared at him, lost for words. He didn’t notice Sherlock struggling to try and turn and look at the man and didn’t pay attention to the riding crop Manning was holding.
“My fraud theory implied you were pocketing the money.” Holmes explained. “Now that I know it isn’t the case, and Watson isn’t fudging the numbers in the books, I started to think about other reasons why someone could profit from a bankruptcy.”
“You got out of the building on the north exit of the east side wall. You were following the man on foot to the rendezvous point. You hid behind the bins to wait for the team, you looked back at the building to check no one was following you, and then radioed in. When you turned back, the suspect was gone.” Watson was doing his best to look at the man as he repeated the story again, but it just made him angrier every time he heard it. He just disappeared. It didn’t make any sense. “He also took the “artefact”” the man added. Watson just nodded. “What does this artefact do?”
“So what am I supposed to do?” John insisted. Sherlock’s eyes lifted suddenly, staring at John in a way that made him a bit uncomfortable but he didn’t let it show.
John got out of bed and took a moment to look at his shoulder. He couldn’t see anything, no scars, but when he rolled his shoulders, he just felt something was off. No pain, no actual difference, more like a phantom sensation, as if his muscles remembered being pierced.
“What is he doing here?” Moriarty muttered and turned towards the fast-approaching footsteps. “What is it Frank?”
Ever so the doctor. John had left Thursday night with instructions to change the bandage twice a day and had texted Sherlock multiple times to remind him. It was a bit annoying at first, as if Sherlock was unable to take care of himself, but it was nice to know John cared enough to check in as often as he did.
Watson crossed his arms. “Do you seriously spend all day on set and have no idea what’s being filmed?”
John felt a bit lightheaded at the simultaneous flow of information and he wasn’t sure why but could feel lust pooling in his gut as he listened to Sherlock’s deductions, his deep voice filling the car with a hint of excitement at the new discovery. “Is that your way of indirectly saying it was a good plot?”
“What brought you to Hollywood, anyway?” he asked Lestrade, hoping the story would distract him from his current train of thought.
Was that why John looked concerned when he left? If he had lingered, would John had offered to take him home for aftercare? They could have taken the cab together. Sherlock could have basked in subspace while John got them home.
I know, I know, this one wasn’t really an action/adventure case. Honestly, I kind of see it as the “Blind Banker” episode of this series. It’s not the episode you watch over and over again but it’s important to the storyline. As much as this one was lacking action, the next one is simply filled with it. Not to mention the Johnlock slow burn that gets turned up a notch.
John’s eyes hardened before he turned, aimed and hit Rebecca directly in the chest. Wide eyed, her body fell over the railings and to the floor like a rag doll, the Jade Elephant lying next to her limp hand.
By the time they reached the other end of the street, they only had one conclusion left: Ms Rosie had given them a fake address.
“For the record, a sabre to the gut is quite painful. Although not as much as being beaten in a sword fight by a hollow armor.” Sherlock opened one eye at the end of his sentence and smiled when he saw John’s stunned face.
Watson turned to Holmes, wondering what had caused such a mood swing. He found Holmes looking away but blushing. Lestrade stopped on the side of the road, let Holmes step out and walk away without a word.
Under John’s scrutiny, Sherlock rolls his eyes and nibbles the pastry. They go back to work. John smiles to himself when Sherlock finishes the pastry as he reads. Santiago smiles and leans against a book that falls over and makes a lot of noise.
When the flat of her tongue pressed against John’s vaginal opening and slowly stroked all the way up to her clitoris, they moaned simultaneously. Sherlock repeated the process again and again without increasing the speed or pressure, simply taking her time. Each stroke as broad and wide as she could, trying to taste everything at the same time with the entire surface of her tongue.
Suddenly, Watson was sitting in the best seat in the room as the scene came alive before him. No more obstacles, no more camera and light fixtures blocking his view. Just the whirring sound of the camera to his right, adding a touch of enchantment to the scene. Watson found himself letting go. He forgot about everything and just watched his months of work on the script become reality.
Electrical sparks are common in the Warehouse, what with all of the artifacts giving off tangential energy. Having them in close proximity to one another, their energy crosses paths, which causes a spark. When the energies are similar, the spark is equal to static electricity. When the energies are opposites, it’s like a fire cracker. But a fire cracker can set off another one, and another one, and so on. This is why the sorting system has been an issue over the years and when a new artifact is introduced to the Warehouse, it has to be closely monitored.
Holmes felt himself relax when Watson’s leg press against his in the dark. He hadn’t realised how nervous he was.
“Of course I did, and so have you, since you’ve been filming it for weeks now. Which is why I don’t understand why you’re asking.”
“We will see, won’t we?” Mycroft replied. John looked at Sherlock, as if asking him if his brother was serious, but Sherlock was ignoring them, tapping away at the computer.
“So tomorrow we look for the man who sold the knife to the pawn shop?” John asked between mouthfuls.
“Well telling her if she wanted her daughter to succeed as a musician she was 4 years too late and that the genetic malformation of her knuckles won’t improve her daughter’s playing, qualifies as messing up in my book.”
“It’s not for your safety. It’s a conduit. You are the source. The vehicle works on our electrical energy. Our combined energy is what makes it move. Thomas Edison built this for Thomas Ford as proof of concept and it’s perfectly safe. Now please, put your hands on the ramp.” John stared at him, fascinated by the speed with which the information came out, but put both his hands on the ramp. Off they went, between the rows in this Thomas Edison Kart that sounded like an electric wheel chair.
Patience was not one of Sherlock’s virtues. But every minute, every hour that drew him closer to Sunday night added to his growing anticipation for the spanking John had promised him. Sherlock found himself trying to predict what John would do. How he would build up to it, as he had said. Which resulted in Sherlock spending the better part of Friday and Saturday with his dick in his fist.
I’m certain there are other, more obvious reasons why you are a questionable life partner, but I suppose personal hygiene is a good place to start.
“Has he always been this way?” Maybe if he understood the man’s past he could find a way to connect with him, or at least listen to him.
After a couple of weeks, John had started recognising some of them and figured out their use. Of course, he had tried asking questions but Sherlock was rarely in the mood to answer, so, resigned, John usually ended up reading a book nearby.
You'll notice this chapter is almost twice as long as all the previous one. I refused to split this into two for multiple reasons that I believe you'll agree with.
Watson had been staring for much longer than was considered polite, but that didn’t seem to bother Holmes. He was watching every reaction Watson was having, every muscle in his face, every twitch. The scrutiny was unsettling, but somehow… exciting.
Holmes watched Watson through his lashes. “I’ll be there at eight.” He let his eyes linger on his lips a beat before winking.
He looked around, he didn’t understand how he could hear so many people and not see a single one. All he saw was darkness, making him feel alone and vulnerable. Holmes started to struggle against his ties even though he knew it was useless.
With a small hello, Sherlock stepped aside to let John in. He eyed the duffle bag, quickly attempting to deduce its contents before leading the way upstairs. Once in the sitting room Sherlock noticed tea stains on the coffee table. How did he miss them? And were those spiderwebs above the drapes?
?” John couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He understood that the chances of the artifact being dangerous were slim, but going head first without a plan was completely out of character for Sherlock.
“No.” Bishop’s deep voice was back. He raised his gun, jabbing it towards the agents to make them raise their arms. “Stop trying to solve it. I don't want this story to end. And why are you here? You should be back at the club trying to corner the fake Mrs. Carson by now.” Bishop looked from one to the other.
“Heard anything from Mycroft?” All he got was a short hard stare from Sherlock. That would be a no, then. Sherlock was about to go back to whatever he was reading on the screen, but John wasn’t going to stop there. “How about the artifact activity around the pawn shop area in the past two years, did anything pop up on the computer?” Sherlock sighed dramatically and was about to speak when his gaze crossed John’s icy stare, daring him to do anything other than giving him an honest answer.
“No!” John’s hands shot up in emphasis. “No. God, no.” The image of Sherlock’s eyes filled with hatred as he looked down and the woman came to mind. “I don’t think he would allow it.” He chuckled, to Mrs. Hudson’s relief. “No, she came about an artifact.” And John just so happened to leave out the part where Irene was flirting with him.
With a scowl, Sherlock complied. It was heavier than John thought, and he wasn’t surprised at the tingling sensation in his hand. Ignoring Sherlock’s unconvinced look, John shot into the fog in the middle of the street, making a blue lined wormhole into the Warehouse appear, bright and colorful, contrasting with the black and white of the manuscript’s universe.
“Really? Of all the things you’ve encountered over the years, its Mrs. Hudson you fear?” John teased.
“It was sold to a pawn shop. The address is in the file. Shouldn’t take you too long.” Mycroft added as he looked intently at his brother.
“No! Sherlock, you can’t move!” John exclaimed, placing his hand on his unhurt shoulder to stop him as his commanding tone creeped out. “You have severe internal damage, not to mention the blood loss if you get up-”
Sherlock’s offhanded tone wasn’t helping John believe what he was hearing. “Well seeing as how death is a gray zone, might as well clear up your view on life, or rather my life.”
His body still sluggish, barely responsive, Sherlock managed to pull up his pants and trousers. He looked around for something to wipe his sullied shirt that didn’t involve him getting up from the couch. Coming up empty-handed, Sherlock opted to pull it off. It fell to the floor with an unceremonious flop, while he reached for the blanket on the backrest of the couch and let himself drift asleep.
However, he had not anticipated that his stage directions made Jane stare straight at him at the end. She couldn’t look directly at the camera, and Watson was sitting next to the lens. It made sense that she would focus on him, but the deep look of sadness and longing was still intense to experience.
So why, or how could Sherlock enjoy being shoved against the door and told to behave? In any other context this would be unacceptable. He had let himself spiral so deeply into fantasies that he accepted, no, asked for this. Lust had impaired his judgement, and he needed to put an end to it.
“If you had just gone through a trial and were being exiled to an island by the empire you helped build, how would you feel?” John was unsure if it was rhetorical, being unused to his partner asking about his opinion on an artifact, or artifact related things, until the agent carried on speaking. Doing what John had started calling the
Sherlock’s hand slid down to his still hard cock while he waited for John’s response. The image of John in the desert, wearing his tan fatigues with golden hair under the sun filled his mind.
“Like what?” John asked, curious as to what she meant when his Farnsworth started ringing. The soldier sighed and fished it out of his pocket.
Sherlock comes out of the main entrance, sees Chester and walks to him as quickly as he can without getting noticed. Chester is almost done with the last knot when Sherlock reaches him.
She kept her eyes on John’s face as she slid her hands along her thighs, covered her knees with her palms and slowly spread them apart.
“Do I need to remind you we’re already in the middle of something? What harm could it possibly cause that is more important than that glowing ball of energy?”
At least now they had a chance to stop Rebecca and save everyone. With another glance around the bar, John knew he could take her out easily, but he had to act fast. He turned to Bishop. “Is there any way Rebecca could be a real person trapped in a fictional character?”
Sherlock took one and inspected it before strapping it on. “Well, I know what to do if I get too bored.”
“Well, it can get bumpy along the way. But seeing your file, I don’t think you should mind.” The man smiled a knowing smile as he looked at the medical soldier. The memories of missions with the Special Forces raced through his brain. A bumpy ride was exactly what he was looking for. No, he had it already, only now he was suspended. He needed to find a way back to his team or he was going to go insane.
“Well, that’s what I’m here for.” The clerk nodded towards the riding crop Sherlock was holding. “For you or your partner?”
The coffee table was arranged with a pot of water, washcloth, and the med kit before John moved the lamp closer. He then did one last trip to get a glass of water and paracetamol before taking a seat on the coffee table, facing Sherlock.
Mycroft’s voice was supposed to remind John that the world was about to be destroyed but all he could think about was how little time he had until he ran back to find Sherlock’s lifeless body. He didn’t care how selfish it was for him to be more worried about one person’s life than the entire world; it didn’t change the fact that it was true. John was losing a teammate,
How the man could finish his tirades without being out of breath was yet another sign of his skills. Barnabas stared at Sherlock, his jaw loose, eyes wide with surprise.
Holmes looked down and saw the holes and scuff marks on both his knees. He turned to Watson and when their eyes met they burst out laughing.
It was because of lines like these that John struggled with Sherlock. It made him so angry to hear his partner say such inconsiderate things, as if he couldn’t possibly be able to relate on a personal level.
Molly’s hands were holding onto the counter, preventing them from slipping down her trousers, her head hanging low when she heard a knock on the door. Her head shot up and she almost stumbled to the floor when she saw John push through.
“Or if I change the plan. Satisfied?” He complied, his jaw clenched. John’s eyes flicked from his partner’s eyes to his lips unconsciously.
“The classical music playing.” John answered as he put the man’s arm around his shoulders to better carry him back. Sherlock looked at John with alarm.
There was the loud sound of a detonation, yet Ms Rosie did not move. Did not press her finger against the trigger, and there was no bullet that came out of the barrel aimed directly between Holmes eyes.
“What do you mean?” Watson asked. It’s a barometer, it measures atmospheric pressure, and he wouldn’t need to see the man use it to know what it does. He looked intently at the agent. “What does it do beside measure atmospheric pressure?” The agent squirmed in his seat and refused to look directly at Watson. He took the case file and stood up, straitening his suit.
“I’ll shake you a little and see what falls out,” Ms Adler replied under her breath, loud enough for only Holmes to hear.
John’s playful voice rang through the agent’s head, making him smile before charging his opponent. The clang of metal rang rhythmically as their blades clashed repeatedly; moving around the area like an energetic dance, until Sherlock finally heard the beeping sound he had been waiting for.
He paused, head still in his hands. What was he trying to figure out? How to make it work with Holmes? Watson cursed himself for even considering the idea. Because that was the problem wasn’t it? He
“Edward is in the middle of putting a new life together for himself, trying to move to something better.”
By the chorus, Stamford had followed his ears down the corridor to the rehearsal studio, about ten feet from the stairs. He pressed his ear against the polished wood, closed his eyes and smiled as he felt hope for the first time in a long while.
John walked over, but she was looking anywhere but at Molly, mostly the floor. Even her walk was different, slower. Molly figured John was still embarrassed by… the event, and tried to act normal. They chatted a bit, John was friendly and warm as always, even if her discomfort was visible. Yet Molly was struggling; John was right there as her mind flashed image after image of the multiple fantasies she had spent days developing.
Since Watson was holding medical supplies against his chest with one hand and his cane in the other, Holmes did not expect any resistance. So, it was a bit of a surprise when Watson switched the grip on his cane and wrangled Holmes backwards with it. After a few steps, the back of his knees hit the chair in front of the mirror.
“Is there a way to prove she was lying?” John wondered, which got him an inquisitive look from his partner.
A bit sidetracked from his original intent, Sherlock and Mycroft exchanged a look before he got into the matter. “Prep the OR.”
She stared at John’s lips a long moment before meeting her eyes. Sherlock’s voice lower than usual, and much coarser.
Holmes turned to Adler. She smiled and grabbed his hand. “Sure we can. Let’s set the scene.” She dragged Holmes to his mark. “You stand there, I’ll be here.” She walked about ten feet away, “Now, we just had an argument because you’re an idiot.”
“I need the Warehouse computer.” Sherlock announced as he closed the file and stood. John remembered his sprain.
Holmes’s movement stuttered as Watson’s hand wrapped around his cock, mouth releasing Watson’s nipple to gasp. Using the grip on his hair, Watson angled Holmes’s head to look at him as he moved his hand up and down the length of his erection. The look of abandoned pleasure on Holmes’s face was the most erotic thing Watson had ever seen. He never wanted this to stop, but he could feel himself already close, his hips thrusting lightly in Holmes’s hand.
John crouches in front of Chester and starts inspecting his gunshot wound. He looks around them and gets a rope and starts tying it around Chester’s leg, a few inches above the wound.
One hand over John’s stomach and the other still brushing lightly over the red hair, Sherlock dared.
Looking for the best spot to hit, John rubbed his hands together and rolled his shoulders to warm up his muscles. When he found what seemed like a good spot, he raised the axe and swung with all his might.
“I swear, he’s either monologuing about some long-winded story to explain abstract concepts that have nothing to do with the movie, or making us repeat the same lines over and over and over again for no logical reason. It’s like he’s just there to abuse power.”
John inhales as if to speak, takes a step towards Sherlock when there’s a loud crash to his left. Everyone turns to see Scully staring at a puddle of coffee and broken mug pieces on the floor at his feet.
“Remind me not to piss you off while we’re here.” Sherlock mumbled and went back to looking for clues.
Dressed in pyjamas with a fresh cup of tea in hand, Sherlock sat at his desk to check his email. Besides three from potential clients that were not worth his time, there was a notification of a new post on John’s blog. The time stamp showed two am. Insomnia. Possible PTSD. Wouldn’t be a far stretch for a veteran with a gunshot wound.
An elderly couple walks past them. John takes a step back and turns away from Sherlock. Sherlock waits for the couple to be out of ear shot to speak.
As the first rays of sun appeared on the walls and ceiling of the office around six, Watson wished he had seen Holmes’s face when he said those words. Instead all he had was a vague memory of his whispers.
Holmes squinted at Watson. “We work together.” He turned and sat in front of the mirror to fix his hair. Even with a few weeks of practice, Holmes still thought it was a tedious process to go from straight slicked back to natural waves. He preferred his natural curls but that would require washing his hair. “So what led you to think we should follow Moran?”
When John stood to refill his cup, he lingered between the kitchen and sitting room and watched Sherlock read the paper. The painkillers and coffee were finally starting to kick in, and even though John still felt hung-over, he knew he would make it through the day. It didn’t have anything to do with Sherlock’s attitude this morning. Not really. He just made extra coffee. And didn’t wake John up screaming.
“I know things have been hard since you came back from the war, and I don’t know what exactly has gotten you two in a spat, but I do know this: you have never bloody taken script notes from an actor before, much less from an undercover detective.”
“Yes. Why?” Sherlock asked before John took it out and stunned the unconscious nephew. Putting the Tesla away, they continued walking towards the door, both smiling but not looking at each other.
When they called a break to set up the next scene, almost three hours had gone by. Watson’s eyes widened, surprised time had gone by so fast.
Long pause. Everyone turns towards Sherlock who is still staring at John but with his eyes glazed over a bit. Sherlock inhales sharply, suddenly remembering to breathe.
Everyone cheered when Watson stood, including Holmes, who was now more interested in what Watson was doing than what Wiggins was saying.
“I got stabbed in the gut, John used an artifact to keep me alive and now he insists we neutralise it, hence the OR needing to be prepped.” The senior agent did his best to say this as neutrally as possible, but he could still see his brother’s calculating eyes.
“Sherlock.” John sounded surprised, taking a small step forward. “I wasn’t expecting to see you back so soon.” He cleared his throat and went behind the glass counter.
“We can do it tomorrow evening, or the following morning even, two nights would be ideal, especially after multiple washings.”
“Then again” Mrs. Hudson continued in a resigned tone, halting John’s train of thought. ”It’s not really surprising; it’s always been all about The Work with him.”
Her mouth opened a few times as she looked from Lennox to the two smiling agents before she managed to utter a sound. “But sir-”
“This place really never ends with the dark and dangerous stuff, does it?” The soldier said, shaking his head.
The elevator doors opened as soon as Sherlock pressed the button. Inside the elevator, beeping could be heard and it was getting louder the lower they went.
John set down the pictures on the table and leaned his elbows on his knees. “So let me get this straight: after twenty seconds with me, you knew I wasn’t the murderer and still went through with testing multiple spanking tools. And then you came back the next day to convince me to help you with your investigation.” He gave Sherlock a pointed look. “Why?”
was what Sherlock was fixated on; what John refused to discuss or sample, hidden beneath her polycotton slacks. The closer John was, the stronger the chemical smell, the more Sherlock was reminded of her red crotch.
The sound of the door closing behind seemed to snap John out of the spell she had cast on him. He took one look at his partner and decided it would probably be best if he wasn’t around him at the moment.
“I want to touch you,” John murmured against Sherlock’s lips, the words slurred in her post orgasmic state, punctuated by her hands clawing back. “taste you.”
“Neutralizer.” The man answered as the sealed the bag. Watson kept looking at him, finding himself amused that the man considered that an answer.
Stamford continued. “Which means Ms Hooper will also be relieved of the full workload and have more time for other things. Which brings us to the other matter we wanted to discuss.”
All three smiled tightly at Ms Hooper as they headed for the stairs. Lestrade slowed his pace so Watson could keep up.
Exhaustion and blood loss gave no relief from the incessant song. Moriarty's hold over her was powerful, held together by the Magic used to keep her alive. Slowly, as Irene's life faded away, so did Magic's hold on her.
There are some things Magic cannot do, and some things it cannot change, no matter how hard it tries.
John's arms encircled Sherlock, keeping him close to the blond's chest. His nose was buried in Sherlock's curls, and he snored softly. Their legs were most likely tangled together under the covers. Sherlock lay with his back to the knight, and their entwined hands rested on the mattress in front of him.
in a tower like his surroundings suggested, there should be a trap door on the floor, or at least a winding staircase, but there was nothing. The only way out of the room was through the largest window, but even that would end in certain death. A gruesome image came to Sherlock’s mind then: pointed boughs and pine needles protruding from his pale body, the light in his eyes permanently extinguished.
“It’s hardly important,” the prince claimed. “I need to focus on Moriarty, anyway, not some invalided knight from run-down
“We’ll have to sleep on it,” Greg said apologetically. “It’s… We have to be absolutely sure. I’m sure you understand, Your Highness.”
“You’re head over tits in love, dear,” Irene replied easily. “Just accept it. It’ll make everything a lot easier.”
She smiled to herself as skirmishes broke out all over town, Northumbers and Londoners against Moriarty’s knights. Noise erupted over the city, and Irene took the opportunity to sink her dagger into the neck of a man clad in black armor. As she wrenched her dagger from his flesh, blood spurted from the wound, and she grabbed his broadsword before running off. She stole away, trailing behind Mary as the blonde strolled down a sidestreet, far from the heart of the fight. The clattering of hooves could be heard in the distance, and Irene knew why Mary had chosen this street.
Sherlock cocked his head. “Van Coon. I could tell as soon as I saw him. I take it you’re his superior officer.”
“Well,” John began, taking a deep breath, “since you asked. Some sort of distraction to attract the attention of the Londoners not under Moriarty’s spell could gain us more support; we outfit those who want to fight with weapons and help get the others to safety - children and the elderly, you know.”
Sherlock lit up and began explaining every last detail of his experiment to John, gesturing wildly with his hands. John listened intently, watching amusedly as Sherlock nearly tumbled off the bed for force of his gesturing. As hard as he tried (and he
Once he had calmed, John smirked at his partner, his eyes still filled with tears of laughter. “Technically, as Warehouse agents we’re already fictional.”
Watson’s eyes drifted to Holmes, and let the emotions come up so performance would compensate for his groggy voice.
“I’m a good actor but no person in their right mind would spend more time browsing here.” Sherlock complained.
“I’m not sure. I’ve tried sending it a signal from the Warehouse computer before, the same way we tracked it this time. I never got any indication that it was aware that I was tracking it. No matter what type of command I tried it never reacted. So it must be a physical connection, but that’s impossible.” The tall man stated as they turned the corner, their target 3 booths down on the left.
“The more interesting question is how did I know about the trap door?” The arrogant man answered. Watson couldn’t help but ponder at his hostage’s words. He remembered the lab coat from earlier. If he was an employee, there was a chance he would know. But how could he know he really was an employee.
Watson followed him, squeezing between the back of the first two trucks and the fence, only to find it was unlocked. Holmes opened it anyway, and as predicted, all they found inside was the street set. The truck was so full it would be impossible to climb in without removing anything.
“I loved Oliver, until he found this stupid elephant and dumped me for some dopey dame with a voice.” Her tone was filled with disgust, but Sherlock could discern every hitch, every variation in her tone showing how terrified she really was. “He left me with nothing. I deserved payback. So I stole the elephant to get the reward money. But that no good Barnabas decided he could just take it.”
“That is complete and utter bullshit.” John spat back, only to feel his blood pressure rise and a heat wave surge through him. “Ok, ok, I’ll calm down.” He said as he tried to control his breathing, but the steadily rising temperature was making him pant.
Holmes listened to the boy move a few tin cases before the film reels were loaded into the projector. Holmes leaned back in his chair, as music filled the room and the title appeared on the screen: A Chance Meeting.
Holmes felt a twitch of frustration but a part of him enjoyed the mystery, the game. He suddenly understood. “You’re a…” Holmes didn’t how else to put it, “consulting criminal.”
And yet as soon as Watson let himself give in, dipping down and capturing Holmes lips with his suddenly seemed so easy, he wondered why he had been holding back for this long.
“You didn’t exactly give us a chance to do so.” Sherlock cut him off. “We hadn’t spoken a word when you called your guards on us, no matter how ineffective that was.”
There were a few people peeking out of their rooms as they ran down the corridor to 204. John shouted at them to get back in their rooms. As they arrived at the door, they could hear a crash. Sherlock tried to open it but it was locked.
“Not only do they accept the execution,” an eager intern, the one responsible for editing the pictures, tells his senior manager, Mrs. Ann Thorn, “they are also applauding the people responsible. They think this is the right way to go about the Alpha menace.”
The person on the other end is obviously struggling to squeeze his words out between the snivels and tears.
“Right, well, I’m going the same way,” Mary says with a laugh, indicating to the stairs with her bucket. John steps aside and they do an awkward shuffle until Mary brushes past him, still smiling.
“Perhaps Simon Whitewell was included in some sort of attempt to ruin the effect of the execution,” Lestrade suggests, but Sherlock shakes his head.
Crawford’s eyes flits towards the bedroom door. “Ah, an affair. It’s dangerous to step on another Alpha’s turf. But it wasn’t sentiment that made you avenge her decades later. Revenge was it? Some unsettled score with Nash? No.”
Sherlock huffs and pushes himself up far more gracefully than a man his age should be able to.  Then again, John reasons, Sherlock is always defying conventions.  “We need to know what is missing.  Text me when you have the autopsy report and that assistant ready for questioning.”
“Alright,” Lestrade concedes, although it isn’t a difficult fight to give up. For the first time since he stared at the three suspended corpses, perhaps since he saw Glen Reese’s decapitate head on a slab, things are  making sense.
His voice quivers and she pulls him even closer, drags him along as she takes a few more hesitant steps forwards.  And then, suddenly they see the counters of a looping roof.
John didn’t suddenly look at Sherlock one day, the two of them bent over a corpse, and feel his heart skip a beat or his breathe catch in his throat. He didn’t meet Sherlock’s thoughtful gaze in DI Lestrade’s office and feel his knees go weak. It wasn’t even seeing Sherlock lying slumped in his chair in the cold English sun, half-dressed in his robe and having everything slot into place.  He doesn’t even think it is because Sherlock is an Alpha and John an Omega and that it is by some design of nature.
John sighs and stuffs his hands in his pockets. He misses DI Lestrade’s more casual approach to crime scene investigations, sipping his coffee and verbally sparring with Sherlock and negotiating truces between him and Anderson. DI Lestrade would have paid attention to John, even if he weren’t telling him anything the DI couldn’t deduce himself. It’s unusual for atmosphere of a crime scene to be this… strained.  John catches Sally Donovan and Anderson looking at him with something akin to chill politeness and tension is rolling off them in thick, heavy waves.
He scrubs a hand over his face, banishes all the conflicting thoughts and emotions, “I need to see him,” John says.
“I know,” Lestrade says, it had been the first thing on his mind after all. “Has any of the victims been identified?”
“There you are, Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson says as though Sherlock’s late for tea and they aren’t in the middle of a hostage situation.
John arrives at the Yard just past noon and the police station is a flurry of activity. Constables running this way and that, carrying stacks of files and folders and staring resolutely at the floor. Sergeant Sally Donovan is in the middle of the foyer, shouting orders and waving her arms as though she is directing traffic in the middle of Oxford Circus. He realizes that this isn’t the energetic and bustling activity of police constables working on a time sensitive case. Nobody is pausing to make small talk nor is anyone making eye contact. The smell of anxiety and fear is cloying the room.
Behind him Lestrade grunts and says something about human rights movement and prisoner’s claim to privacy.
Lestrade does not need to know the details of the five-month- long investigation. The sleepless nights (some nights he thought he heard John preparing tea in the living room, the memory of it bleeding through his exhausted body and it had been so real he could smell the spices of Tetlys), days spent hunched in the rain, watching, waiting. Reading microfilms until he saw spots and every inch of his back ached in pain. The shamming of the bank secretary to get the documents (an amusing ruse, John would have enjoyed it). The arrest by the corrupt Serbian police who handed him over to Serbian mafia. The days spent in the tiny, dark room (John does not need to know that.)
John’s never seen evidence of Sherlock’s total confusion before. For a terrifying heartbeat he wonders if Sherlock is high and he lets his gaze search for evidence of clammy skin and blown pupils. But Sherlock looks, well, he doesn’t look like himself, but he doesn’t look ill. Not exactly, though John suspects that feeling confused might  be a novel experience for Sherlock Holmes.
"Well, I hope they catch who-ever this is." Andrew says and changes the topic of the conversation, much to John´s relief.
Sherlock waits until he’s certain he won’t accidentally run into Dregs in the corridor before he stalks out the Yard.  Experience with standard investigation procedure tells him that it will not take Dregs long to get a warrant to search their apartment for the murder weapon. They cannot be allowed to find the gun.  There are plenty of things there that won’t help John’s case if they are discovered.
“It’ll be fine, these reports are utterly useless,” Sherlock ensures him and then returns his attention to the computer.
“It’s so nice to have things returned to normal,” she says as she fills John’s cup.“The way it ought to be.”
"Yes. Carl always liked….my mother always said that Carl was a "thrill seeker," always running off on adventures, climbing trees and all sort of stuff. He ran away three times. Never content with every day life, Carl. Need adventure and danger or he´d be bored stiff, he said. An unruly fellow until he signed up. My father always thought the army might give him some discipline and it seemed it did." She pauses "but Carl always said that he found more than danger and thrills in the army. That he had enough adventures to fill his cup and then some. It rather made him appreciate normal, every day life."
“I did not kill Doctor Fenway,” John says calmly, his fingers curling against the table, tethering him to the furniture and keeping him from leaping at Anderson and wiping the smirk off his face.
He shuts his eyes at the sound of high heels against the aluminium floor, and when he turns to greet his handler, it’s with the most insincere smile. He hates these meetings, because they can only mean one thing.
“Which is why we need to take him into custody,” Sherlock says, “or we can be damned certain he’s going to have a fatal accident. Lee Finkle’s death proved that somebody out there is pulling the strings, and if it’s not Crawford that leaves-“
"How are you adjusting to civilian life?" Doctor Fenway ends each session with, and each time John Watson insists "Fine. Just fine. Nothing ever happens."
Sherlock may not be particularly skilled in reading emotions, but John can practically see Sherlock suddenly ticking off the little boxes as the evidence plays all too clearly on John’s face. John cannot lie to him, even when he means to. Sherlock can detect the lies forming in John’s head even before John can form them into words.
I wish to thank everybody who has been kind enough to leave me kudos and response, you´ve been really wonderful.
“There are several pieces of evidence that tells us this was not, as you claim, “a crime of passion.” Sherlock says and shoves DI Lestrade’s cup into the detective’s empty hands.
The headline makes her queasy. It’s not the first one, and it’s not going to be the last one. It wasn't only the pressure of the murder of Glen Reese that hung like Damocles’s sword over them.
Sherlock’s patience is thinning already and John puts a hand on his arm to intercede his next action, which he fears might make Alexander change her mind about the whole exchange. She might come off as dawdling, but John remembers her frightened eyes, the way her hands shook.
John’s breath mists in the cold air, and he stuffs his hands into his pockets to keep them warm. The apartment is almost identical to their flat, made smaller by the slanting ceiling. It has a dark, almost sombre feel to it, painted grey with a brown, leather sofa and a dusted yellow armchair. There’s a TV above the fireplace, but no knickknacks on the mantle. The only pictures on the wall are old-fashioned school plaques showing anatomical models. The few books in the bookshelves are of the old fashioned type with leather covers and gilded spines. There’s an ancient looking model of a human eye in ebony, teak, and brass. An old-fashioned periscope and mannequin’s head showing the various places for phrenology treatment.
“Annabell Lewis says she got the idea from an internet forum.  That there was this guy who told her how to make it look like a suicide with taping the room shut and mixing the cleaning liquids.”
Lestrade huffs out a laugh. “Maybe he’d have liked to feel that he was important enough to be told before the rest of the country.”
Is that what he’s doing, acting without rhyme or reason? Is he rushing headlong into a potentially risky situation and pulling Sam along with him?
“You will find that Doctor Mizuno strongly recommends that my client be allowed to return home- he is a widower, detective inspector, and the comforts of home will assuage his grief. Omegas who lose their Alphas in such a violent manner are-” Ms.Finkle hands DI Lestrade a document.
“John doesn't know that,” Lestrade adds, “just give him some time to cool his heels and he’ll come around.”
John’s not sure what reaction he is bracing himself for, but Sherlock simply spins around on his heels and disappears downstairs to his bedroom. John remains in the corridor for a few more seconds, he’s not sure if he’s horrified by the reaction or relieved.
Mycroft turns his eyes to his phone, tapping something out on the screen. His expression is studied and perfect, but John can´t help but think that Mycroft is hiding something. Clearly there is more to his theory than he’s willing to share.
They return to 221B and John has just hung up his jacket when Sherlock grabs him by the shoulders, spins him around, and all but slams him into the wall. Despite all his military training, he’s caught off guard and suddenly finds himself pinned to the wall by Sherlock’s arms and gaze.
Sam tears through his, seeming to find most of his joy in destroying the elegant wrapping papers and fancy bows. There’s an illuminated stellar globe from Lestrade and Molly along with a fingerprint kit. John cannot help but think that it might be a kindly jab at Sherlock. It doesn’t quite end there, because, Donovan has packed a crime solving boardgame called
Of course, Mycroft didn’t present as an Alpha until he was eighteen. He took the announcement with a slight shrug and curtly informed Doctor Fenway that it would be in the best interest for the continuation of his career if he forgets he ever met the Holmeses.
“Since, um… since last semester.”  His voice quivers and he drags his gaze from Doctor Fenway to blink rapidly at his shoes.  “He… asked me to be his assistant, help him with some research.  He said he was planning on publishing something new.”
“You need to stay out of the flat for a moment,” Sherlock declares, “there are….things… to be sorted.” He’s not even trying to be subtle.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment, giving John time to rein in his scattered thoughts and emotions. He takes a couple of steadying breath, pulls himself away from the wall to stand in front of Sherlock, catching his gaze, trying to gauge his reaction to John’s proximity. His scent is cold and harsh, his eyes are fathomless, and John sees something different than the raging storm in their depths. Sherlock is looking at John with a dare in his eyes. “Go ahead, John. Lie to me. Lie to me, and we can continue to ignore this silly infatuation.”
He writes about it in his blog and gets many favorable comments, Lydia and Mike applauds his efforts, but he has to delete Harriet´s obscene remarks. He gets a part-time job as a general practitioner at a local clinic to be able to keep up his share of the rent. He doesn’t even feel remotely displeased with having ended up fulfilling Andrew´s premonition of John tending to sniveling children.
Sherlock frowns at his cast, allowing himself a few seconds to digest the question. He doesn’t want to voice his uncertainty of how Moriarty could be involved in this.  Was this a plot already in its infancy when Moriarty had served him tea in his living room? It seems the kind of Machiavellian plot that only his mind would be able to construct.
, Sherlock explains. He kneels and lets the dog investigate his scent, sniff at his hands, lick his fingers. Sherlock combs his fingers across Toby’s head,
Lestrade awkwardly shifts his weight from one foot to the other, clearing his throat several times before finding his voice. “So, if we cross-reference the name of Doctor Fenway’s patience files with our victims, we might be able to find a connection?”
John stuffs his free hand into his pocket, his shoulders hunched almost up to his ears as he staves off the cold wind. They walk for a few minutes, huddled against the cold before Sherlock tugs off his gloves. He hands them wordlessly to John.
He tucks Glen Reese’s arm under his head, shifting his legs until he’s in the recovery position. Then he stands, glancing around the room for a moment, before wiping the vomit from his fingers on his pants.
John crosses his arms and tries discreetly to wipe his sweaty palms on his jacket. Don´t let him see how frightened you really are, he thinks. Don´t let him sense that you want him. He knows his heart thundering against his ribcage and his Omega pheromones is betraying his emotions.
He’s tired of Lestrade’s company. He wants John. He needs to tell all these things to John so they can figure out what this new game is.
“He’s out there now. Moriarty has undoubtedly forced him into some game- he wouldn’t tell me anything. You have to find him.”
“I’m so glad I met my Alpha early,” Glen quietly confesses, “I don’t know what I’d have done without him. He cares for me, he provides financial stability. He takes care of me and he loves me. I mean, he’s very protective…” Glen half-rises in his seat, and John sees his face brightening as he spots somebody in the crowd and he does a little half-wave again. John twists in his seat, but he’s unable to see with whom Glen is communicating.
John feels Sherlock’s firm grip on his arm, firm and dominating and the effect is jarring, he can’t do anything but comply with the Alpha.
“You need to really ask him what’s up, and not take no for an answer. Just… be honest,” Lestrade advices.
He goes to Cobb’s corpse and pats his jacket and trousers until he recognizes the familiar form of a smart phone. The screen has cracked in the fall, and no matter how many times John pushes the power button, the phone stays dead.
John swallows and swallows, and wills his thundering heart to calm down. He thuds his head exhaustedly against the wall and shuts his eyes, slowly he sinks to the floor and presses his shaking hands between his knees to halt the tremors.
“You’ve lived here,” Molly says, “I wondered why you knew where the apartment was, but I figured you’d just… scouted the place out while you waited.”
Lestrade nods. He reaches for his mobile phone and taps out a text to Donovan. “We’ll pick him up tomorrow,” Lestrade says. He stifles a yawn and shoves his hands into his pockets afterwards. “It’s been a productive evening, but I’d best be off, Molly’s patience only goes so far.”
“Do you,” John swallows and tries again, clawing like a drowning man trying to reach the surface, “do you really think that?”
John tries not to pay attention to the conversation filtering through the drone of the subway. There’s a gaggle of girls discussing the merits of the main lead in a new superhero movie, a mother and son tersely arguing about his recent attitude and a group of businessmen discussing their boss’s newest secretary. The couple next to him, however, is talking about Edward Blithley, and John can't help listen in.
Sherlock Holmes has been quiet for a while and the sudden change of topic makes Detective Inspector Lestrade look up from the crime scene photographs. Sherlock is standing rigidly by the large map of London that is pinned up on the wall, red dots indicating the location of crime scenes and incidents relating to Moriarty. Sherlock’s hands are clasped at the small of his back, his hands still and his expression hidden. They’ve been at this for almost a week now and they are no closer to figuring out Moriarty’s whereabouts, his associates, or his next move. The information on the computer from the Lewis case had led them to an abandoned warehouse that was bleached clean of any potential clues, and the owner sits tightlipped in prison.
Maybe it’s the authoritative voice, or because Glen Reese has shouted himself hoarse, but the phone is quiet.
"I heard this guy had an arm ripped off!" Andrew exclaims with unmasked, morbid fascination. "The Alphas are suppose to be like, seriously, super strong."
“Crawford!” John twists away from the elbow of the stranger digging into his side. “The guy in the corridor with the broken radiator, he had a tattoo on his arm of the Royal Navy slogan.”
Thanks to the fantastic work of my beta, CowMow, you get to enjoy another chapter before I am off on holiday. CowMow, you´ve been absolute cracking and none of this would have been possible without you.
He sees the minute changes in Crawford’s expression. He licks his lips, the vibrating of carotid artery, pulsing against his skin. Crawford’ s gaze darts left, then right. He’s trying to determine the quickest and safest rout to retreat. He will mistakingly think that he knows the place better than Sherlock, but the detective has committed to memory every square inch of the complex. For a moment their gaze lock
“And after, he was….nice and gentle. Nobody had ever shown interest in me that way before. He stroked my hair, cradled me in his arms, and kissed the back of my neck. And I remember feeling safe, like I belonged. Isn't that just the sickest and most twisted thing, this man, who'd just assaulted me, made me feel wanted?”
“It’s just my leg,” John winces and massages his thigh, kneading the pain until it's nothing but a dull ache.
“So you were just going to write a book about my life and not even ask my permission?” John says, a trembling beat in his voice that he does not bother to hide.
Fifteen minutes later, Sherlock and Sam return. The former is calm; the latter is red-faced with puffy eyes and his collar wet from tears and snot while his face has been cleaned. He extends his arms as soon as he sees John, curling up in his arms and clinging to him for dear life.
This involved forging police identifications and uniforms. Was this another part of their game? Embroiling John on a murder charge and then stealing them from out of the police noses?
John scans the bathroom and finds a mobile phone on a stack of towels and he dials the emergency number while he tilts Glen Reese’s head to the side, allowing his mouth and nose to drain free of water before he turns it back to the center.
Sherlock flips through the files until he finds the pictures of the tire tracks. A Ford Focus, with 1.5 million sold it's the most common car in Great Britain. The same car model that collected Glen Reese from the hospital.
“No” Sherlock says, rising so abruptly he almost knocks John over.  “Definitely not suicide,” he calls over his shoulder as he disappears out of the bathroom. John pulls off his gloves with a small shrug at DI Lestrade and follows after Sherlock.
It is a peaceful afternoon and beyond the silence of the flat he hears the thrum of London, the soft scratch of the wind against the windows, the rumbling of a double-decker going by, the distant sound of a police siren, and Mrs. Hudson’s BBC1 radio show.
It’s been a long day at the clinic and an exhausting evening with Glen Reese and though he’s used to running after Sherlock all over London, this is a different kind of weariness. John is so used to avoiding thinking about the fact he’s an Omega and everything that implies that he feels jet-lagged, like he’s been traveling from a place where he isn’t an Omega to the one where he is and his mind hasn’t really been able to catch up.
He’s survived his first Heat in twenty years, he’s been held captive, he’s been shot at and he’s put a bullet between Cobb’s eyes. He’s not going to let one kiss from Sherlock Holmes bring him to pieces.
There’s something like a bounce in Sherlock’s steps as he walks down the corridor and towards the stairs. He’s eager and curious. Excited. John wishes, not for the first time, that Sherlock would leave some room for caution all that curiousness.
Fenway called Adrian Reese fifteen times and Glen Reese 43 times in the last fourteen months. None of the conversations lasted more than a few minutes, but it is interesting that it was always Doctor Fenway who contacted them, and never the other way around.
He tucks his hand into Sherlock’s and lets him lead the way to a large, dark green sign. It’s decorated with mistletoe, red ribbons and candy canes that proclaim in gold letters that this is the entrance to Father Christmas’s workshop. There’s fake, old-fashioned log cabin panelling on the walls, and stones on the floors, lights and colours and tinsel and Christmas trees and toys upon toys. Pictures in colourful frames decorate the walls, accompanied by paper strings, bells and ribbons and lights in every colour. There are children everywhere, shrieking with joy or shuffling wide-eyed next to their parents.
"I´ve no real choice" John grumbles. "I mean, if I register it´s going to be out there, for every future employer."
“Well, her killer would know,” Molly says, “but if her killer was the one punished, then it must have been Andrew Nash. Maybe he….got drunk and let it slip in a bar or something?”
Suddenly the memory of last night sits like a stone in his chest. He closes his eyes for a moment, shifts the memory away and focuses on the reasoning behind it, the logical steps that took him to John’s bed, tries to figure out where it all started.
His protest dies on his lips as he sees the tall bloke from earlier. Where his eyes had been small and steely before, they are now wide, dark, stormy clouds.
“Describe to me your relationship with Lee Finkle. Did you know her in her capacity as a lawyer or a psychologist?”
"It´s all hormones and basic instinct, if they find their Mate- that´s it for them, there´s nobody else, no other "fish in the sea." That´s why they are so….possessive. At least that´s how Ms. Turner explained it in Social Science,     were´t you paying attention?"
Sherlock avoids his question for a moment, “I don’t know. I would assume they found a copy of my writing Lestrade’s name on something and-”
But his brilliant mind isn’t the only reason he loves. His eyes is so startling expressive and the bemused glance he used to give John in the privacy of their exchange, when Anderson does something ridiculous and they share a conversation with no words, only smiles and looks that run between them and leaves John hopelessly wanting more and every day and only for him.
Lestrade’s count reaches five before Sherlock can no contain his urge to explain how he reached this brilliant conclusion.
Glen Reese turns back to John, but John hardly recognizes him...his mouth an angry slant with a tightness in his eyes John's not seen since he stared into the face of the insurgent who was milliseconds away from stabbing a knife into his neck.
“Hang on,” Lestrade says, “does that mean you think there’s a gang of murderous Alphas out there?” He scratches the bridge of his nose, lost in thought for a moment, and John’s eyes find Sherlock’s across the room.
There is no more calm and kindly-Doctor Fenway standing in the corridor. His lips are set in a thin line and his eyes hard. Adam twists away from John, now putting John behind his back and glares viciously at Doctor Fenway. "No!"
-and then colors explode behind his eyes as John’s fist connects with his face in a vicious punch. He stumbles backwards, his hands cradling his face (the same hands that just cradled John’s face).
Lestrade tries to ignore the sound of Sherlock’s buzzing voice as his mind tries to sort through Edward’s words. Had it been a slip of the tongue?
“Well.” He pulls his glasses off his nose, cleans them with the edge of his shirt. “I only wish it wasn’t necessary.”
"Thre....three days ago." Simon Whitewell wets his lips. “I just…well, it was just so much money.” He repeats, his gaze leaps from Mr. Coil, to Lestrade, seeking sympathy and finding none. “It's not like the guy is dead or anything, right? Who'd go to all that trouble just to kill him, we could just have done so as soon as we were outta the city.”
It has started to rain, and to make matters worse Mycroft is standing outside under a massive, black umbrella. Sherlock tries to keep his face blank, doesn't want to give his brother the benefit of being able to read him.
His phone is buzzing insistently in his pocket, and he pulls it up and flickers it open with one sweep of his thumb.
John doesn’t like to think about Doctor Fenway and the experimentations he and Jacob conducted. Had it included testing chemicals and drugs on Alphas? Is that why the killers knew the Stesolid would work?
Outside it has started to rain, and Sherlock raises the collars of his coat to protect himself from the droplets that trickle down the back of his neck. He fishes his phone out from his pocket and flicks his way to Lestrade’s contact information.
"Social Science?" Andrew says with a sudden far-away, dreamy look in his eyes. He leans back on his hands and grins sheepishly at John "In Social Science I was paying attention to Rose Campbell´s great, big….assets."
“There is also the issue of a little something called patient confidentiality,” DI Dregs remarks calmly.  “We will need a court order to get patient files unsealed and that can take weeks.”
He’s still sitting there an hour later, when Sam clambers onto a kitchen chair, a bundle of crayons clutched tightly in one hand.
“It’s the model of what they thought you could measure an Alpha’s personality, talents, and mental abilities.”
The collar of his jumper, faint red stains clinging to the fabric touching John´s neck. Small, dark, threads. Jam. Strawberry. John’s not that much of a sloppy eater, why would he have jam on the collar of his jumper? (The nasty, beige one is his favorite after all.)
“How are you feeling?” John asks, rising slowly from his chair and moving across the room to pick up Sherlock’s medical chart. John’s movements are stiff and uncomfortable, which can’t be blamed on the chair alone. He’s got some cuts on the palms of his hands where he braced himself against the impact on the platform, and there is an obvious limp to his step.
“You're going to have your Heat very soon,” Glen Reese says with a nod at John's disheveled figure, “that's why you're so warm and uncomfortable. Don't worry, it gets worse.”
“No, the licence was covered, but the I recognize the model as Ford Focus. " Amanda Carson beams. She takes a piece of paper and offers it to Lestrade. Sherlock is faster and he snaps it out of her hand and in a few seconds he's texting instructions to Mycroft.
“I’m not sure why that is relevant….” DI Lestrade combs a hand through his hair glancing at each the men in turn. John feels his chin grow warm with sudden embarrassment.
The scene changes to outside number 10 Downing Street. Not even the press manager of the prime minister’s staff has managed to do anything about the woman’s haggard appearance. Her hair, usually tied away neatly in a bun at the nape of her neck has pulled free, and her mascara is lies so thickly on her lashes that every blink adds to the darkness around her eyes.
“It was John who saved you, of course. Modern media has assured that he’s already an Internet sensation.”
The detective continues his meticulous, if rather seemingly haphazard, investigation of the room, yanking open one of the wardrobes and flicking through the rows of clothes. He pulls out a pair of red, high-heeled shoes and studies them for a second before throwing them over his shoulder. He scampers over to the left side wardrobe and repeats the process, throwing out clothes and shoes.
“He’s going to the pub, but he’s not drinking. At first I thought maybe he was meeting with his sister, but John’s not that frustrated or angry when he returns. Is he going to pubs to meet friends, but not sharing a pint with them? No, John would join in with the camaraderie if he were actually meeting up with friends. He’s stuck on that kind of silly social convention. He’s not playing rugby, because he’s not unusually tired or excited when he returns home and there’s no mud on the hems of his trousers or the soles of his shoes. He’s not seeing a woman, he’s not shown any interest in anybody since his brief fling with that Sarah woman.”
He finds John’s room next and he only knows it’s John’s room because it carries the faint trace of his scent.
John’s not really sure how or why there’s a blanket around his shoulders or why the world is suddenly filled in a hazy array of dancing colours.
“Sorry,” Hector says, and tips his head at him and carefully circumnavigates Sherlock. Later, he’s glad that there were no witnesses to his dismal reflexes. Suddenly he feels a vice-like grip on him his arm that banks him to a full stop with such force that his phone slips from his hands.
, Sam insists, shaking John’s shoulders. John struggles to keep his eyes open, still feeling wrung and raw from last night’s emotional turmoil.
"Yes, right." John rattles off the address for the first witness. He spends the ride pretending to re-read the case-file and avoiding the heavy weight of Sherlock´s presence.
That afternoon, Edward Blithely sits in the police interview room with the same self-assured confidence Lestrade is getting used to seeing on television. He’s in a crisp, black suit with a deep maroon shirt that would have looked ridiculous on anybody else. His dark hair is slicked back and there’s just enough shade of stubble to give an appearance of casualness. He had strolled into the interview room as though he was the officer in charge and not the subject of interest in a multiple murder case.
Lestrade knows that part of the problem, a rather significant part, is all the attention from the media honed on Edward Blithely. Every day, they read a new, horrific story from people who have suffered years of abuse and it adds to the growing rage simmering in the public. Each time Edward Blithely appears on television, radio or the newspaper and urges people to abstain from violence, it somehow, seems to have the opposite effect. The riots and mass protests quickly escalated into violent confrontations. Store windows, houses, apartments of Alphas on Blithley’s List were the first to be destroyed. Alphas had been dragged from their homes, some had been beaten while others had been stripped naked and forced to flee barefoot through the cold. By the morning of the 9th of December, the Prime Minister had issued a curfew in hopes of keeping people off the streets. It did little to deter the most violent offenders e the police custody was brimming with angry men and women snarling and spitting at the officers.
Apparently, Lestrade’s thinking along the same lines, before he moves to grab Sherlock’s arm, and casts a discrete glance at the door.
He gives John´s shoulder a casual clap that almost sends him crashing to the floor and he finds his footing just in time to stop the drinks from spilling all down the front of his shirt.
The dog whines and Sophie Barnes lets her fingers run through it course hair on its head and muzzle. They come away sticky and wet and it takes her a few second to realize that it’s blood.
Sam crosses his hands in front of his chest, sliding them outwards and then makes a V with his index and middle fingers, sliding them both downwards.
“Anything?” Lestrade steps into the bedroom, taking in the sight of Sherlock peering into the wardrobe. "I can't imagine Glen Reese being the mastermind behind John's abduction.”
“The pole is about…two meters long, it’s been cleared of bark and dried. It looks like oak. Further analysis will tell us more, but I wouldn’t hold my hopes up. There is a couple of prints in the blood here-”
“Fine,” Lestrade concedes grudgingly. “You make valid points, even if there’s nothing but circumstantial evidence. “
“Doctor Fenway was a leading specialist on Alpha-Omega dynamics and biology and…” Lestrade aims for a casual, friendly laugh, “ a whole lot of stuff I do not really understand or care too deeply about. I understand and recognize that it’s a topic that is very important to you. So….it just seems highly improbable that you do not know who this man is. “
He’s always had the memory of John, perfectly memorized from the texture of his stubbles, the curve of his jaw.  He knows his idiosyncrasies, from the way he prefers his coffee, to the fact that he always laces his left shoe first.
“The gov’n’and tha’ detective fellow will be with you soon,” the woman drawls, before closing the door.
There was only one person that John had met lately, who he had not mentioned to Sherlock, and who he would have felt compelled to help, even in the middle of the night.
Molly fishes a set of keys out from her purse and sets them into the lock. The door slides open, cutting a bleak path of light into the dark corridor in front of them.
“That’s a bit strange, isn’t it,” John argues, “if their agenda is to enhance focus on criminal Alphas, why would they execute one the police had already put away?”
“Edward Blithely?” John frowns. “Well, Lestrade did say he had something to take care of at the Yard-”
Lestrade wipes a hand across his eyes and flips through the paperwork until he comes finds the latest summary. “None of the family members fit the description of “nurse” or “marine.” They’ve excluded all of the immediate family, even if they are, mostly each other’s witnesses-“
He had always thought that…. that Sherlock’s suicide was Moriarty’s end game, that Sherlock had been getting too close to Moriarty and that the madman had decided to finish it. He had raged a countless amount of wars against these thoughts, against the guilt that coiled in his stomach. If not for the Alpha’s attraction to him, for the biological imperative to protect him...
“Well, I ran them through AFIS and IDENT1 databases,” Mycroft explains. And, of course he did, John thinks.  Why wouldn’t he employ the British and American international databases to show Sam how professional fingerprint identification works?
Lestrade only gives him a shrug of acknowledgment and Sherlock moves over to inspect the laptop sitting on a chair in the corner. It's not even password protected and freely submits its content to him.
John ends the call with a promise from Lestrade that he’ll check in on the detective and call John if he looks too twitchy.
John points at Sherlock, who is sitting stock still on his chair. John doesn’t think he’s ever seen Sherlock sit still for so long. It’s a little worrisome.
"Unofficially the armed forces quite often encourages Alphas to seek a military career because they make good soldiers. They have above average strength, they are, protective, aggressive, assertive and-"
To John the assault looks, well, he thinks the entire set up is a bit of a cliche The blows are certainly painful, but there’d not been enough force behind them to do any more than bruise Doctor Fenway’s skin.  There’s no cuts or sprained bones in his hands or fingers and then there is the damned lamp. Do people really think that is an effective interrogation technique?
“Don't you dare,” Glen Reese's lips curl into a sneer, “and then, when my Alpha met you outside the pub, and he recognized you… he suddenly wasn’t interested in me anymore. I wasn’t good enough. And I did exactly as Doctor Fenway and all the books told me to do, changed my interests, changed the way I dressed, but he just wouldn’t shut up about you.”
What he’d give for Sherlock to share his insight and his plans for once, instead of just springing it on him.
“You’re the last person to call him, the last one seen on the surveillance cameras entering Doctor Fenway’s department.” Detective inspector Dregs huffs a laugh.
It looks much like the first time he viewed the apartment, beakers, vials, bunsen burners, safety goggles in various states of an experiment. There're several plastic boxes and sheets of papers with Sherlock’s hurried handwriting. But he finds two mugs and rinses them free of dust, he puts on the kettle and finds a box of tea in its usual place in the cupboard. In the fridge, he finds milk.
Constance folds her hands at the small of her back. "The nearest security camera is at a gas station four point seven miles from here. The police vehicle passes it just before ten am. From six am until three pm we have identified fifteen vehicles of the same model as we are searching for. We are currently running their registration numbers, but so far none of the cars has come up as stolen or belonging to anybody with a criminal record. Mr. Holmes said that there would information on the cars at your usual place.»
John exhales and then takes a deep breath, allowing his breathing to take control of the rush of adrenaline that’s coursing through his veins.
“No!” Jane Hill screams and Cobb twists his attention away from Glen Reese to Jane Hill, who has her gun aimed at Cobb, finger trembling against the trigger.
Sherlock hears the slight tremor in John’s voice, and carefully grabs John’s hand, wrapping his fingers around his wrist in an attempt to still his anxious movements.
“Aye,” (Psychiatric evaluation. So either Glen Reese is hostile, depressed or showing other signs of physiological impairment.)
Molly flicks through her notes on her mobile phone, then studies her surroundings before pointing at the block with the military green doors. “Um…apartment 309,” she says and she glances around, trying to locate the right path.
“You won’t get a rise out of me,” John says calmly, even though he feels his defiance mounting. Best to show her that he isn’t afraid.
‘Place the heel of your hand on the centre of the person’s chest,’ his memorised first-aid instructor adds. ‘If you go too low on the chest there’s a bone there, quite sharp, it’s called the Xiphoid and its purpose is to protect the heart and the soft organs in the chest cavity. If you break it, you will suddenly have a sharp projectile in the victim’s body. Very not good. Go slightly higher, there, now, well done. Place the heel of your other hand on top of your fist. Lace them together. Keep your arms straight, Watson, CPR is heavier and more tiresome than you might think. You’ll need to take advantage of your own body weight when you do the compression. Good, look here everyone how Watson is doing it, his arms are straight and his shoulders are directly over his hand. Perfect! Now, remember to push hard and fast, compressing the chest at least two inches. Don’t worry about injuring or breaking any ribs, a person can recover from that. He won’t recover from death.’
“Good afternoon,” John replies, “I met Sergeant Donovan down in the lobby, she doesn’t seem very happy.”
Molly had to have known, of course. Sherlock would have needed somebody to fake the autopsy report. John had a copy of that file, had studied it whenever he had suddenly doubted the nightmare of his reality. He had read it every time he thought he saw Sherlock in the crowd at Piccadilly, when his heart kept tricking him into thinking that Sherlock was just down at the morgue, begging spare body parts off Molly and that he’d be home any second and maybe he’d crowd John against the wall and press his warm, lean body against his and maybe he’d-
Sherlock, however, doesn’t seem to notice his reaction. "I know it´s a frightfully oblique and outdated classification, but I am required by our foolish law to inform you."
“Of course, Doctor Watson. I am somewhat surprised you did not cease contact as soon as you were pensioned out of the army. There was really no need for you to live in secrecy anymore.”
Sherlock watches him, waiting for the explanation to whatever cogs Mycroft’s now put into motion. Mycroft finally tucks the phone away and finds Sherlock’s gaze.
“Everything….” John tries again, before deciding to heed  DI Lestrade´s advice and falls silent. He’ll get his chance to explain, to defend, himself.
Without another word, Sherlock makes his way down the corridor to room 315 and pushes open the door. There are six beds in the room, all behind pale, blue curtains that afford the patients the illusion of privacy. Bed three is at the far end of the room, by the window.
He’s grateful, really, for all the things he doesn’t have to see. The white sheet, knowing what is under. The ugly sutures, bruises and scars. Sherlock´s curls cut away to give the examiner a clear view of the head wound.
“Daniel Smithson,” Sherlock says, “caught when the neighbour below him in the apartment complex complained about a blocked drainage and the plumber found half of a human jaw stuffed down the drain.”
John simply nods and he doesn’t realize until Glen Reese has left his office that he’s been holding his breath. He rubs his eyes, wiping them clear of grit and sleep. This is really the last thing he needs on his already filled plate.
The call ends and John tucks his mobile away in his pocket. Christ. He’s never refused to help DI Lestrade or Sherlock and he hopes that neither of them will read anything into it.
He closes his eyes for a second and averts his gaze, locking it on the computer screen. When he finds his voice, it’s remarkably calm. “This is an obvious case of discrimination, if you wish, I could put you in touch with some of the volunteers attorneys that’d--”
John watches her hurry away, her back stiff and her heels a sharp staccato against the pavement. He unfolds the piece of paper.
DI Lestrade hesitates, “it was were recovered from the car that collected Glen Reese from the hospital. We suspect it was one of the cars used in your kidnapping.”
They stride into the interview room. Lestrade places the two cups of coffee on the table, but neither ms. Alton or Edward Blithely makes any gestures to accept them.
John is not the only one who is moving tensely around in the flat. They collide when they try to pass each other in the corridor and are forced to resort to the little dance where they both move left and then right, before they both stop and wait for the other to pass. They bump elbows and shoulders more often when they try to move around each other in the kitchen, and each touch makes John’s skin prickle and his breath hitch in his throat. Sherlock and he have fallen out of their little habits and norms they had perfected over the last few months of living and working together.
"Look, I don´t have time for this. I was walking home from the shops, right. I hear this gunshot and I did the smart thing. I ran away. I didn´t see anything or anybody. I didn´t even know there was anybody who had been killed before the police made that announcement asking for witnesses."
“I’m sending my men over there now to investigate,” Mycroft says, refusing to even acknowledge John’s ridiculous questions. Of course, there’s no reasonable explanation. It’s not like there wasn’t anybody to touch the books or the box for the past ten years. John remembers unpacking both items. Furthermore, it means somebody’s been in their flat. Recently. Might have been in Sam’s room.
John still can´t really tell if this is all some sort of self-defense on Sherlock´s part, Alpha attitude or just how Sherlock is.
She brushes past John to the bookshelf, saying, “this is my most prized possession. It’s the first edition of Grey’s Anatomy, published in London in 1858.”
“In what way?” DI Dregs leans slightly across the table, and the smell of his aftershave resumes their assault on John’s senses.
They follow her through a narrow corridor to the yard where Susan Clearwell has a car engine spread out on old newspapers in various stages of being cleaned.
“It’s a bit of a mess, sir. At any rate, the constable calls for backup and the second car arrives at 07:45.”
"As an Omega in Heat will excrete pheromones that only an Alpha can smell. In response the Alpha will elicit a scent that is meant to calm and arouse the Omega and to stimulate the body to prepare it for the Mating/Bonding process. It is during this period that the Omega is vulnerable to unwanted sexual advances. A Marked Omega will not be susceptible to an Alpha´s advances and will only respond to its Mate." (Fenway, G. MD An introduction to the A/O Dynamic in Modern Medicine, Oxford University Press: 2003).
“You’re….alive,” he manages. He’s not even able to feel like an idiot when Sherlock rolls his eyes and cants his head. “Obviously, John.”
“That’s none of your concern,” Crawford sinks slowly into the chair opposite Sherlock, his gun still trained on the detective.
He tosses a couple of coins into the cup of a homeless woman sitting outside of Speedy’s and hails a cab. John spends the ride to Doctor Fenway’s trying to remain calm, his arms folded over his chest, trying to contain the rage he feels burning inside.
The physiological effect of the Bond, and the breaking of it, has never been fully understood, but the psychological ramifications on the Omega have been well documented:  while the Alpha is not affected, the Omega enters what has accurately been compared to as deep stages of depression, often accompanied by suicidal thoughts.”  (Lee, Finkle A.,
When John is bored he has a tendency to clean the flat, but he is always considerate of the experiments in the more delicate stages.  And maybe, just maybe, it was fair of John to be upset about those toenails in his cereal. Though, why he was loudly upset for days after the hedgehog incident remains a mystery.
Sherlock emits the sigh of the long-suffering, why is it that Lestrade never learned to use his eyes.
Bloody hell. Why hasn’t Sherlock  managed to track down this Jacob? Wasn’t John’s safety more important than disentangling Moriarty’s web?
John nods. “She’s dead, Sherlock,” he says, “Lestrade texted me that they had the remains from the fire identified by her dental records. It’s…” John’s body sags a little and he leans into Sherlock’s touch, careful not to press too hard against his injuries. “It’s a bit of a mess,” he settles on.
She won’t allow him to finish his question. “You can bring your Alpha detective,” she murmurs. Her eyes scan the surroundings again, lingering for a moment on the black door to 221. “Meet me here,” she says, stuffing a piece of paper into his hands. Then she pulls back, tugs the collar of her coat up against the wind and strides hurriedly down the street.
“Every day there is a new protest march in some part of Britain. How do you think people will react if news gets out that we have arrested their….unofficial spokesperson on such flimsy, circumstantial evidence?”
“Things are going to change, soon this will all be over and people won’t care that you’re an Alpha,” she continues, “you know how these things go. Some member of the royal family will do something embarrassing and this whole Alpha-nonsense will blow over. Trust me, you’ll see.”
Sherlock continues his survey of the apartment and finds a similar chaotic situation in the kitchen. A couple of plates smashed on the floor, but nothing else. In the far corner, he finds several dishes of cat food and water. Glen Reese planned to be gone, but not for more than a couple of days.
It is a slow stroll down the Buckingham Gate Street. Sam jumps over cracks in the pavement, veering around the fallen leaves and trash that the wind hustles down the street. They stop for a moment to study the palace, while John explains to Sam that the absence of the flag means that the Queen isn’t home, but yes, her six dogs probably are and then proceeds to baffle Sherlock by naming them all.
In a thinly veiled attempt to not allow Mycroft to tell him what to do, Sherlock doesn’t go to the park until it’s almost noon. It’s one of those bright days at the end of autumn,before the days will become bleak and cold. The nice weather has drawn a large crowd of people to the wooden pavilion at the Inn The Park and waiters are hurrying to and fro. Gathered around the pond are several children, some wearing vests and caps from primary schools, some clinging onto their parents. The arrival of some many people heralds food and the ducks have lined up, gurgling and quaking along the embankment, squabbling for bits of bread.
“You still haven’t made any progress with identifying the driver of the prison transport,” Detective Chief Superintendent Victoria Marlow says.
“There is something wrong. You are upset about something, but you are not just upset because I didn’t realize you’re upset. You’re not that pedestrian, despite what Lestrade thinks.”
Lestrade remains standing as he read caution. “You don't have to say anything, but it may harm your defense if you fail to mention when questioned something that you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. Do you understand?”
"Oh." Sherlock turns to regard John. "There is perhaps one other thing you need to know about me, as we´re to be flat mates."
“Are you insinuating that the Metropolitan Police intend to, what-“ Sally Donovan doesn’t spend many seconds finding the last words, “frame your client?”
He slides down until he can press his ear against John’s chest and hear the thrumming of his heart. The beats are slow and steady and Sherlock surmises that John’s in deepest stage of the sleep cycle. While he dreams, the body repairs and regrows damaged tissue, it builds muscles and bones, it strengthens the immune system.
Sitting on a rickety, plastic chair outside is a man who could be anywhere between twenty and thirty. His blonde hair is combed and styled and he is dressed in a pinstripe suit, like so many law school students John has seen on campus. The man looks up from his magazine when the door opens and John notices pale eyes framed by black-rimmed glasses. He rises slowly, as if John is a scared animal he doesn´t want to spook. He is just a bit shorter than John, but his posture is anything but timid.
The room is gloomy and cold. Ashen light seeps through the slit in the curtains, telling him it´s nearing midday. Snowflakes brush against the window.
John tugs up the collar of his jacket to escape the rain and stuffs his hands into his pockets. He’s not taken many steps away from the pub when a hand suddenly grabs his arm and spins him around.
“I know, I know,” John raises his hands disarmingly and takes a step back, “but we just want to enjoy lunch, together. As a family, for the first time.”
Molly offers him almost apologetic smile “My father still insist on using a fax machine. I guess some people prefer old technology?”
There’s a moment of silence that stretches on and on and John feels like he’s walking on a tightrope, struggling desperately to maintain his balance.  He flexes his fingers; he hadn’t even realized how hard he’s been clutching the newspaper.  John waits and lets himself wait a moment longer before he dares a glance at Sherlock from over the top of the newspaper.  Sherlock is still staring at his computer screen, oblivious to John’s gaze.
Sherlock’s been alive all this time while John’s been grieving his loss, while John’s been struggling to piece his life back together and move on. Alone.
His right eye is swollen shut and it takes more effort than it should to crack open the left one. Bright light assaults him. His leg pulses in pain and sends him tipping forward, jolting his stomach. He coughs and gags, vomiting water and bile.
“What do you want?” John repeats, his voice low and tight, stepping so that he’s blocking her view. Alexander stops, her hands coming up between them like she´s trying to protect herself.
“Upset? What! No,” John says and straightens his posture somewhat. He suddenly feels slightly offended that Sherlock would think that John is frightened. He’s a soldier, for Christ’s sake. John’s not afraid of Moriarty; he’s worried about the potential loss off innocent lives, of course, he’s also somewhat worried about how far Sherlock will push the Game to prove how much cleverer than Moriarty he is.
“We need to rattle Edward Blithely’s confidence,” Sherlock explains, “I will observe him and feed you the appropriate questions.”
He swallows and swallows, feels the pressure against his stomach so hard he thinks he might throw up. “I have wondered what she must have been thinking about when she sat there on the railway. Of our stepfather? Of nothing? Of the older brother who abandoned her?”
The rest of the day passes uneventfully. Sherlock and Sam play with Sam’s animal puzzle and John reads the newspaper for the first time in days, even if it’s full of nothing but hostile articles about Alphas and the menace they are to society. Fortunately, he doesn’t see Glen Reese’s add.
“We’re not supposed to go with strangers, right, Saanvi? No matter what happens, we mustn't talk to strangers.”
DI Lestrade’s attention returns to his computer screen before he asks, “and how are you, John? You’ve been through a lot.”
“This Omega here is Unbound and very, very tempting. When he goes into Heat, he’ll attract them like flies to honey, or some more fitting allegory.”
If John thought Lee Finkle had been dramatic with her whispered promise of information and the note surreptitiously slipped into his hands, it was nothing compared to seeing her in person. She’s clad in a beige trench coat with a hat right out of the 1940s, and a large scarf around her neck, obscuring her face. There’s a small, red, suitcase at her feet, and one of Fenway’s books in her hands.
Sherlock feels tension riding along John’s posture, and gives his arm a reassuring squeeze (physical contact has a calming effect on people suffering from anxiety or post-traumatic stress.) He calmly recounts the events that lead him to find a note in his hotel room. Olly, olly, oxen free. You can come out of hiding, the game has changed.  John frowns at Sherlock’s words makes as if to move away from him. But Sherlock’s not having it and he keeps his hand firmly on John.
John can see the conflict fighting its way through Jane Hill’s expressions, annoyance, fear, guilt, until she settles on pressing her lips into a thin, white line. Her right hand creeps slowly to the hilt of her gun, seeking comfort.
“We were only instructed not to kill you, that doesn’t mean I can’t shoot you in the foot. You’re a doctor, I’m sure you’ll figure out a way to survive another gunshot wound,” a serrated smile spreads across her face. “Or do you think your detective won’t have you if you’re limping around properly this time? Maybe he can cure a psychosomatic limp, but I doubt he can cure muscle and nerve damage.”
He pauses on the final step, staring at the brass B against the black door. There’s a myriad of possibilities waiting inside his flat, and even if John knows which outcome he prefers, he’s not really certain he knows which one Sherlock would favor. Will Sherlock ignore the kiss, ignore that John was kidnapped and held hostage for two days because…because Moriarty knew that if John was in Heat, Sherlock would not be able to control his Alpha instinct?
“Glen Reese?” he asks, suddenly feeling wide-awake. He swings his legs over the edge of his bed and winces as his bare feet hit the cold floor at and the sudden pressure on his bad leg.  “What’s going on?”
John stares at him, wide-eyed and utterly terrified. He can´t seem to break free of his attacker´s grip, so he tries to retreat by pressing against brick wall, clawing for purchase. The pressure against his chest is building and building and his breath escapes in high-pitched, ragged wheezes. This is actually happening to him.
“We should have lunch. Together, tomorrow?” Sherlock suggests, and John could have sworn he actually sounds nervous about it.
Which is only logical, after all John’s biology was designed to entice him- and all Alphas. It is an equation of hormones and pheromones that was at the core of their very cells.
“You’ve been playing this game for a long time. Ever since you realized what you were, what advantage you had over certain….aspects of the population, you have been testing the limits of your influence, how powerful a hold you have over them.”
He feels Sherlock’s hand curl around his and John stares at the long fingers over his as if sheltering him. Sherlock tugs on his hand and pulls him along, hands still joined. John’s eyes are drawn to Sherlock’s back and even through the thick layer of his coat he can see the anxious twitch of his shoulders, taste the scent of his worry. Sensing Sherlock’s unease makes his own heart quick its pace. In the back of his mind he knows it’s just a chemical reaction to the Alpha’s state of mind. The knowledge does little to calm him.
John drinks another cup of tea and reads a couple of pages of the Churchill biography. The silence of the apartment creeps into his bones, and so he closes his eyes until he can pick up the nearly there sound of Sam’s breath, almost synced with Toby’s. He hears the buzz from Mrs. Hudson’s television, the distant sound of police sirens cutting a path through London’s darkness. And then, petering on the edge of his senses is the sound of a click and a buzz from upstairs.
A bleeding youth staggers into view, clutching a gash on his forehead. A young woman skips across the road and wraps her arms around him, seemingly comforting him, until it becomes apparent that her friend is pulling the unfortunate youth’s phone and wallet from his jacket pocket.
“I hope you don't mind me tracking you down like this,” Glen Reese says cheerfully as he settles down in the visitor’s plastic chair. “I just thought we might talk. Just the two of us.”
Doctor Coleman shrugs, “this is hardly something that is covered in basic medical school, but there are no hesitation marks and the cuts are smooth and even. Whoever did it, had a steady hand and enough experience with a scalpel to perform clean and precise incisions.»
“Very well,” the waiter says with a smile as he places the menus on the table before he returns to the kitchen. Molly hangs her purse on the back of her chair and hides her face behind one of the menus.
Glen Reese narrows his focus on John. John can almost see the gears clicking and turning as his brain pieces together his memory and makes sense of his surroundings. If nothing else, it’s a good sign.
“I’m fine,” John lies, grateful that DI Lestrade does not possess Sherlock’s powers of observation, “just tired.”
Doctor Coleman is who is rumored to have been born with his harsh, grim and unwelcoming expression. He’s a skinny, balding man that reminds Lestrade a little too much about the company he seems to keep in the mortuary.
Sherlock, there is no other words for it, bounds down the streets with all the energy and excitement of an overly large puppy and John wonders if they've been listening to the same dreary tale. A man shot in an alley, nobody saw the murderer clearly and the police couldn’t find the murder weapon. John shrugs on his jacket and hurries after Sherlock. What has Sherlock deduced that made him so excited to take the case?
“Let’s take the tube to Marble Arch,” Sherlock suggests, “and then walk through Hyde Park. It’s a nice enough day for it.”
Andrew Nash’s was a thirty-four-year-old newspaper vendor, originally from Scotland, but who had lived in London for the past ten years. He was a widower, with no known children. He had served several sentences for sexual misconduct, aggravated assault, and property damage. According to Nash's neighbors, Isidora and Andrew Nash's marriage had not been a happy one. Married at eighteen, their life together were nothing more than one long quarrel. Ten years ago Isidora hung herself in the couples' apartment. The death was quickly ruled as a suicide."
“What is going on?” his voice carries the evidence of at least two decades of smoking and reeks of sweat and musk, “why’s Doctor Watson not locked up?”
Don´t hate me (or Sherlock!) things will become more clear in the next chapter which is Sherlock POV
“You,” Sherlock snarls, his hackles rising as he jabs a finger at the detective inspector. “Do not touch him.”
Sherlock moves over to their living room table, covered by a mound of papers, books and stacked high with takeaway cartons and paper cups. John doesn’t understand how anybody could find anybody in such a disorganized pile of debris, but as always there is a method to Sherlock’s madness and he emerges with a thin folder in his hand.
. A warm sigh caresses his cheek, and even as Sherlock breaths even out to the burring rhythm of sleep, his grip doesn’t slip away.
“These are rather radical suggestions,” she says, “do you really think parliament will accept such drastic changes to the constitution? Capital punishment has been abolished since the 1960s”
Sherlock stalks out of the office and John offers a grin to DI Dregs, clasping his hands at the small of his back, and follows the Alpha. He pauses at the doorway, studying the office one final time, knowing he is never going to return here. As he trails his eyes over the bullet holes along the wall behind Doctor Fenway’s desk, his gaze suddenly snaps to DI Dregs.  The detective inspector runs a finger across his mustache and then he smiles, deliberate and slow.
“With the aid of the cassette answering machine, the pawn chess pieces it is possible to stage the scene to look like the victim killed herself in a locked room,” Sherlock says.
After a light meal, Mrs. Hudson excuses herself and John can see the emotional turmoil written in her exhausted posture. Sherlock dismisses her insistent words that she can manage the stairs quite on her own and follows her back down to her own flat.
John bundles them all up against the early morning chill. He’s got Sam on his hip, clad in sweats, a blanket around him as they walk Toby a few meters down the street to a couple of trees, where he can do his business.
John pushes open the door and immediately years of medical trauma training take control.  In a second he’s assessed the room as being clear of any dangers and that Glen Reese lies pale and clammy at the bottom of the bathtub, like a terrible rendering of Ophelia’s death scene. His head is almost completely submerged, the tip of his mouth and nose barely above the waterline. John uses his formidable strength to haul him out of the water and is careful to support his neck and head as he lowers Glen Reese to the bathroom floor. He’s dressed in jeans and a knitted sweater that are waterlogged and heavy and have probably weighed him down. John feels around for a pulse relieved when he finds it, faint and thrumming against Glen Reese’s thick neck. He makes a note that the wound on the back of his head is still bleeding heavily, but he knows that head wounds always do.
Mrs. Hudson glances down at her torso where a dark spot has marred her blue dressing gown. A heartbeat later and a large, red spot blossoms across her chest.
John returns to the first page and slowly reads through Doctor Fenway’s description of David realizing that he is an Omega. He describes David’s fear and frustration over the dramatic and difficult changes in his body. He chronicles David’s first meeting with an Alpha so vividly that his emotions run riot down memory lane, and for a blinding second John’s certain that Adrian Reese is going to appear in his kitchen and he locks his fingers tightly around the book to leash in his anger and fear.
Sherlock returns, his own movement clumsy with the unfamiliar gestures of the simple phrases he’s been practicing. Sam, however, is impressed, even though he twists away from Sherlock and tucks his head against John’s knee.  Sherlock quells his unease with the knowledge that John had said Sam was shy around strangers (which Sherlock is after all) and that all research (even if it was limited to parenting sites) showed that almost all toddlers experience the occasional bouts of bashfulness around unfamiliar adults.
“I’m sorry, “ John shakes his mind free of the uncomfortable thoughts, “but how do you know Mrs. Hudson?”
The questions gnaw at him until he feels the physical pain of it sharp and prickling behind his eyes. The sensation is so unfamiliar that it almost makes him worry for the extent of his head injury, even if John had told him he would be fine in a couple of days.
John doesn’t want to concede that Jane Hill may very well have a point, so instead he says, “and what’s your reason for getting involved in this.”
When they have finished their meal, John tidies away the dishes with help from Sam, who stands on a chair and carefully rinses the dishes under the tap. Afterward, both Sam and the kitchen needs a thorough cleaning. John coaxes Sam into the bathtub and massages shampoo into his son’s curls while Sam conducts a complicated experiment involving bubbles and his rubber whale. He narrates the entire story to Toby, who sits patiently through the entire explanation, tail thumping happily.
He’s brought it up many times before. With the sway of a train carriage, on a cold and dreary sidewalk and endless nights in dark hotel rooms. He’s had hundreds of little conversations with him, had practiced all the things he’d tell him, stored information that John would find interesting. Like that odd little Italian restaurant in a basement along the harbor of Copenhagen,  the Musée d’Histoire de la Médecine in Paris, the museum for Semmelweis, inconspicuously tucked away along the Danube in Budapest. The sharp peaks of Arakur in Argentina, where it the jagged mountains makes the horizon looks like it’s been torn in two. Standing in Uvac Canyon and watching the night sky with its millions of white dots, like spilled milk. He’d stored all these observations, so he can revisit them there with John and see them again.
John quickly rattles off instructions and his location to the emergency services before he resumes first aid.  He lets his medical training move him through the motions of CPR while he counts off the compressions to the rhythm of
Obviously Moriarty’s version of the calling card. It’s the second clue he’s left since the note on Sherlock’s pillow calling the end to their previous game and announcing the start of an entirely different one. Why is he advertising his involvement in this way? Is he showing them that he still has strings to pull? Or does he think they are moving too slowly? Is he increasing the stakes?
“I can handle myself,” John replies and hates the dubious look that Glen Reese sends him from over the rim of his drink.
"Well, hello" Glen Reese offers cheerfully when the silence drags on past uncomfortable and into ridiculous.
. I am not certain how much of a credit to your vocation you will be when you turn your back on the very discourse you have built your tentative career on.”
But his black coat, delicate stitching, coarse, smooth and heavy fabric. Perfectly tailored and fitted across John’s broad shoulders, runs smoothly down the arch of his back. Upmarket label. Harrods, no- never, Savile Road.
“Well, we know how respectful Fenway was of his patients’ rights to privacy,” Sherlock says, sarcasm lacing his voice while he forces his attention back to the case at hand. “If his personal files are on here, we will find that he hasn’t bothered to protect them.”
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees, even if his mind is busy sorting through the debris. Had their assailant gone straight from the tube station to Finkle’s practice, waited until Lee Finkle arrived, trapped her in her office and then set the place ablaze? Why? To ruin her medical records, of course, and keep her from talking. That could only mean that the identity of the killers could have been found in her paperwork. By why wait until now to destroy them? Had they thought Finkle would keep their identities a secret? Had she been involved in the plot? Had she been ignorant of the whole plan until she saw Blithely on the television? Why had she not reacted when Glen Reese was brutally murdered? Was he murdered because of his involvement with the group or as a way to mark the anniversary of Sherlock’s death? Had the universe, for once, been lazy?
“Well, a man is entitled to his privacy,” Lestrade says reasonably, only to have Sherlock snort derisively. Lestrade sighs and drops the photographs to his desk. This is going to be one of those conversations where Lestrade will try and explain social conventions to Sherlock who will, inevitably, point out their many flaws, how irrational and illogical they are all, and steamroll all over Lestrade’s attempt at explaining them.
“A deadly game of “Simon Says.” You got them to murder for you, complete strangers, harmless individuals. Homeless men, destitute women- but the teenagers, two of them- that was particularly sadistic. Personal. Some slight at your person, no? They bullied you at school. Kids can be so cruel.”
Going through all the things he knows about John Watson is not a quick exercise, because there is just so much information. Sherlock remembers meeting John and quickly deducing a number of things about him: his military career, his psychosomatic limp and tremor. That he had a sibling with an alcohol problem and a failing marriage. That he’s an adrenaline junkie.
Once inside, John toes off his shoes and quietly clears away the remnants of their breakfast. Sam had crawled into his bed at five this morning, insisting that it was time to leave. John had managed to coax another thirty minutes of sleep from him before he had relented and texted Mycroft. Mycroft had responded promptly and said he’d be there with a car in an hour. After a silent conversation about Sam's visit, John and Sam had crept downstairs. In the living room, they found Sherlock fast asleep on the sofa, fully dressed and facing the wall. It’s the first time since he moved back that John had seen Sherlock actually sleep. Now, when John returns back upstairs, the detective is still fast asleep..
The smell of marinated and grilled chicken is enough to startle a grumble from John’s stomach that doesn’t require Omega hearing to pick up. With a slightly forced smile, John opens the door wider.
He passes Mycroft in the kitchen, drinking coffee and typing away on his phone while perusing his laptop. He pauses when he sees John.
Sherlock places the cassette into the machine, carefully folding the lid, “then I’ll take the band and carefully-“
Doctor Coleman starts the procedure with the classical presentation, listing every fact and figure about the deceased. An hour later there was nothing that indicated that he was nearing the end. Lestrade worries he might nod off, and feels himself jerk away when Doctor Coleman finally mentions something that might aid the investigation.
"What?" She bites with such venom that John stumbles over his introduction "Ms. Louise Warton? We want to ask you some questions regarding the night of October 28th when Arthur William was killed?"
“Sure…” Amanda Carson says as Lestrade gives his nod of consent. “We're compiling it down in Security. It should be ready in about half an hour. May I ask what this is about? Is he wanted for something?”
John knows his face turns crimson and he gives a little shrug, his mouth twisting into a grimace. Mike is far gentler in his teasing then Andrew ever is, but John can´t find anything funny about recent exchange.
Thanks to all you wonderful people who have commented, reviewed and given me support and feedback. Thank you!
“Certainly,” Lestrade promises and prays that Sally will arrive soon so that he can order her to fetch the beverages.
He tries to reconjure the image from his last visit to 221 B, the one of Sherlock in that posh chair, with steepled fingers and looking put out with Lestrade’s tardiness in figuring out Sherlock’s oh-so-subtle clues.
There’ s the sound of two people moving below, the clutter of kitchenware, and the faint drift of sizzling bacon, tea and something more potent. A voice murmurs something. He recognizes it instantly, even though it has been months since he first became aware of it.
“I met him a few weeks ago on a case.” John takes a breath, glancing away from the one-way mirror. “Sherlock Holmes would be able to confirm this.”
“Mhmhm.” Is all the detective inspector offers. “You’re claiming that Doctor Fenway was alive when you left his office.”
It looks like every doctor’s office John’s ever seen; an imposing desk under large windows, an office chair slightly higher than the two visitor’s chairs it’s facing. On the walls are the dirty remains of Finkle’s pictures and diplomas.
My most sincere thanks goes out to all of you who read and review my story, I would love to get to know you guys on tumblr. You can find me under friolerofiction.
The guy takes a step back, to get a better view of studying them, affording John the same opportunity.
The child is thoughtfully chewing on his breadstick, yogurt dripping down his fists, intently watching John’s explanation. Sherlock stores it away so he can translate it later. It is absolutely dismal to stand here and not understand what John is saying and he fervently hopes that this isn’t what it feels like to be ordinary. At the end of John’s explanation, the child raises his tiny hands with fingers extended and palms facing each other so the fingers come together.
Thanks for all of you who are continuing to support me with your comments and kudos, without you this story wouldn´t have gotten very far.
A couple of hours later, Detective Inspector Lestrade stands outside Tyrrells Primary School, Chelmsford Essex, staring out into the relentless rainfall. Less than three hours ago he’d been enjoying his first proper holiday in a decade. Now he’s back to rain and murder in a primary school.
Mycroft regards him in that condescending way only an older brother can. Sherlock shirks away from his gaze. Awkwardly, he fiddles with a loose thread on his bedsheets, but he knows Mycroft has seen it and knows what it means.
"Are there no Suppressant for the Alpha´s urges?" John asks, shifting on his chair. It seems wholly unfair that it is up to the Omegas to hide their true gender. To mask their scents and avoid careers and lifestyles that are considered Alpha-dominated.
There had been a whole list of possible response to this to this statement: certainly. You’re contract is valid another three months. Go ahead and leave. The option to ask John to stay hadn't featured on this list.
John wipes grit away from his eyes. He glances at the red numbers on the alarm clock. It’s a little over five am.
John draws Sam a bath warm enough to tint his cheeks. He dresses him in a soft pyjama and bundles him up in a blue bathrobe afterwards; his inky curls still a little damp. By the time they sit down around the kitchen table for some tea and toast, Sam has forgotten all about his tremulous trip from the Yard. He is happily chatting about his tea and toast and how he mustn’t get jam in his hair, but still manages to get it in John’s.  Sherlock watches their interaction with his thoughts far away, probably on the case, or working through his own reaction. Later, after Sam and Sherlock have worked with a puzzle and read a book on exotic animals, Sam brushes his teeth and lets John tuck him into bed, satisfied with only reading one bedtime book. Sam snuggles up under the covers with his favourite stuffed toy dog tucked under his chin. John watches him drift off to sleep and leaves the door open so a sliver of light can seep through it.
“I must have done something wrong!” Glen Reese wails. “I did something bad or I wasn’t… I wasn’t good enough.  How can he say I’m not what he wants?  I thought we were so happy together and now he’s broken the Bond, and, oh God, I can’t… I can’t breathe, I can’t live without him.”
Do art, he declares, and John pulls back the chair and Sam scrambles onto it, settling down and sorting his pencils until they lie in a neat row.
John is still struggling to breath. He´s never been so terrified and he quickly abandons his previous promise to himself of not to beg. He can´t do this. He can´t.
Or was he supposed to see that the sentiment was real that he cared for John like John cared for him?
The thoughts are like a match to an anger he didn’t know he still carried. It takes him several, agonizing moments to quench the fire and dredge up a smile. Why did he think this was a good idea? His thoughts are thankfully interrupted by the appearance of a waiter who carries a booster seat and a stack of menus.
“A seizure,” John explains. He looks down on Glen Reese who is still staring at him, his expression agitated, angry.
Sam is a warm and heavy weight against his chest as John walks the seventeen steps up to their flat. Though, when he enters the living room he’s suddenly not sure if it is their flat after all. The place is immaculate. The overflowing bookshelf has its books neatly in place, the stacks of newspapers have been sorted into neat piles in the glass cabinet by the sofa, and the tables are cleared of clutter. The timeline posts on the wall are still there, but the bullet holes have been covered and the wallpaper restored, and John feels oddly like there’s a familiar picture no longer on his walls. The kitchen too is spotless: beakers, vials, Sherlock’s microscope and chemistry set are all locked in a teak cabinet behind clear glass doors. The counter is free of any dangerous object that curious fingers might reach. The apartment smells fresh and clean in a way it probably hasn’t since it was brand new.
Later, Sherlock will come to regret the minutes he wasted idling by the map, waiting for Lestrade to return.  He thinks John's interrogation, how worried he'd been when the book had been brought out. He thinks about the burst of rage he felt when DI Dregs cornered John in the interrogation room. He thinks about their private confession and wonders if John heard the real meaning behind it.
He’s never had the inclination to touch somebody just for the sake of touching them. But he wants to now. Desperately. He wants to curl into John’s warmth, tease him away awake with light caresses and kisses until John comes asunder below him.
He takes up football again with a group of veterans and some mates from the clinic, he drinks tea with their landlady Mrs. Hudson and he goes to the pub with Mike Stamford and sometimes D.I Lestrade. His cane is left behind his wardrobe where it quickly gathers dust. His gun remains in his bedside table. He doesn’t think about it, but it´s nice to know that it´s there for when next time he needs it (and he is sure there will be a next time.)
“The attending physician was worried about head trauma when you weren’t able to tell him who our current prime minister is,” John remarks with a smile that crinkles the skin around his eyes pleasantly. Sherlock scowls, hiding his worry that he can’t even remember being admitted. What else has he forgotten? “You were, however, able to diagnose your own fracture and tell the doctor of his affair with one of the nurses in paediatrics.”
What new acquaintances has John formed? He flickers through the list of names John has mentioned over the past few weeks and months. The majority (75,6%) of them are female.
John can’t bury his surprise fast enough to prevent it from reaching his face. This can’t be- Christ, hadn’t he just told Jane Hill that this was the one thing Moriarty hadn’t planned?
“Things are different, overseas,” Mrs. Hudson continues, kindly ignoring John’s flickering gaze. “Alphas are Alphas they’d say, like their harassments and violence were just a way of showing affection. Did you know that in some states it is still legal for parents to arrange Bonding for their children? They are even allowed to accept bridal fee. The police will always look the other way in a crime where an Alpha is involved. Getting one convicted is almost unheard of. If it hadn’t been for Sherlock, I’m certain Frank would-“ She presses her lips to a trembling line and lets John’s imagination finish the rest of the sentence.
“It’s not some test, Sherlock,” John assures him, “there aren’t ever going to be any tests, or assessments or keeping score or anything.”
“I doubt it, it was never considered important- this was quickly ruled a suicide after all, ” Lestrade says. “I’m still trying to track down the collected evidence because Sherlock wants the cassette tapes, but it’s been almost ten years and apparently things gets lost when they are moved from one archive to the other.”
Mrs. Hudson is still in intensive care, but she’d insisted on flowers, even if they both agreed that Sherlock would detest all such display of sentiment.
He can see Cobb’s lips twist in an annoyed sneer, but just then, Glen Reese launches himself from the floor with the cry of a wounded animal. He barrels into Cobb, who doesn’t shift his balance fast enough and the two of them crash to the floor in a tangled mess of limbs. Cobb’s gun goes off with a deafening pop. Jane Hill curses and grasps her shoulder as blood blossoms between her fingers.  She stumbles backwards, dropping her gun to the ground.
When he has a case or when he is engaged in some experiment involving pinecones or dirt samples Sherlock is brilliant. He is mesmerizing. Sherlock sees hundreds of things that the rest of the world dismisses as irrelevant and meaningless. Sherlock sees everything. Well, that´s not quite correct, John amends. Sherlock doesn’t see the world, he observes.
Lestrade gives him the sigh of the long-suffering, which is really quite unfair because Sherlock is clearly the suffering party here, having to do everything himself. “Glen Reese was on leave from the psychiatric ward where he was serving his sentence. He was last seen boarding a train in Brighton, where he had been visiting his sick mother, headed for London. He was scheduled to check in at ten am on the same day his head was discovered in Baker Street. Toxicology and blood tests revealed no traces of anything unusual, nor was anything conclusive found on his head. No witnesses ever came forth and the rest of his remains was never discovered.”
He considers John’s hand, smaller and blunter than his own, John’s left hand always slightly bent, curled in the way it does when it remembers his gun and scorching sun of the Afghan desert. John never left the war, and he’ll always be a soldier.
“This was obviously planned,” Lestrade interrupts before John can continue, “the victims chosen, incapacitated by Stesolid-”
. Come out, come out, we’re playing a new game now. Would Sherlock have revealed himself if not for the note? Glen Reese’s and Jane Hill’s murders had obviously not spurred him out of hiding. They had so readily assumed that this was Moriarty’s game, even if, in hindsight, they should have known there is no such thing as an obvious fact. It had needed Moriarty’s head, literally, dropped at their feet for them to realize that this was an entirely different game, with an entirely new player. One they knew nothing about, in fact, they haven’t even managed to figure out what sort of game this is. Mycroft is worried. And John knows, even if Sherlock won’t show it, that he is also at a loss. He knows to play the game of murder mystery, the whodunnit, cops and robbers. Never before, John thinks, has it involved a murderer who has the sympathy of the public, and who has managed to dredge up this age-old discussion, this nature of biology that John and Sherlock had skirted around for years.
“I’m a scientist, John,” Sherlock says with the dignity of somebody who doesn’t have a dollop of red sauce on his chin, “cooking is the simplest form of science.”
John groggily wipes sleep from his eyes, fumbles for his mobile while Sam tries to remove the duvet from his feet. He swipes the phone awake and with a stifled groan realizes that it’s barely past five a.m.
Molly shakes her head, “I can’t see any lacerations or contusions. I’ll do a throughout search, of course, but finding trace evidence on a head is a time-consuming process. I’ll swabs and analyze for pollen or other microorganisms. A closer examination of the wound might give us some idea about what was used to separate the head from the body, but I’ll need to do some comparisons to be able to tell you anything conclusive.”
“Right,” John replies and wonders if he should ask if Sherlock has asked after him, or if that would make him too much of a teenage girl.
He tries to yank his arm free and it takes him two tries to finally slip free of Sherlock’s grasp. Sherlock is still looking at him, not saying anything, but he’s making an odd noise through clenched teeth like he’s fighting some instinct. The sudden whistle of the teapot wakes Sherlock out of whatever impulse  had control of him. He stiffens, glares at Hector and then moves across the room to lift the kettle off the stove.
“I think I can handle pulling some plates out of the fridge and putting on the kettle,” John says, tempering the statement with a smile.
Sherlock arches a brow at him, his mouth quirks into a smile. John has to suppress his explosive sigh of relief and keep his posture from slumping. This is ridiculous, he can´t keep walking on eggshells.
“Mr. Reese, ” John tries again, “I’ve been fine without an Alpha all my life, and you will as well.  We don’t need them, Mr. Reese.  They aren’t necessary for a happy, fulfilling life.”
For a second, John thinks he sees a flicker of uncertainty in her eyes, but then she squares her posture and lowers her gun.
"You´ll probably never meet one, son, they are very rare. They are weak-willed, helpless people who lives to serve the Alpha. What it really wants is to bend over backwards to-" he takes a sip of his tea and grits out "basically, it´s a bi-"
“Fifty three,” Sherlock corrects. “Our murder victims are numbers twenty five and twenty six. Simon is obviously not on the list. We need to figure out how he ended up the third victim along with the two Alphas.”
Courtney Couvox is called down to her jewellery shop after the alarm is triggered a few minutes after eight am. The thief, or thieves, the security guy is sketchy about the details, manages to get away with several hundred thousand pounds worth of stolen jewels. The agent from the insurance office comes down after the police have departed, to survey the damages and take inventory of the missing stock.  He makes a considering noise as Courtney Couvox hands him the list of the missing antique jewels and gems.
“I thought as much,” Glen Reese says and holds out a white plastic bag and a tote bag from Waterstones. He jiggles it carefully. “I took the liberty. Pasta-salad and fresh focaccia bread?”
