“What’s wrong with people knowing something is different? Like you said, something is different. We got to know something about each other that we didn’t know before. We are closer now. I trust you, and I know you’ll never hurt me on purpose. I feel, especially after what you let me do, that you trust me too. And I hope you know I’ll never hurt you on purpose. And I don’t care if others could see that. We are better together.”
When he opened his eyes, he was outside. The street was strange, old brick buildings with iron railings surrounded by high fences. He didn't recognize where he was; he had never been here before. The sky looked different from the one he remembered. He remembered blue summer skies at the Winchester mansion, grey cloud-covered skies or pink, red and purple skies of sunsets. But he did not remember ever seeing a brown, smoky sky. It scared him. He needed to get going, to get as far away from where he was right now. He needed to find his family. He needed to find Dean.
“These old things?” Ash wiggled his waists, sending the suspenders, that were hanging down from both sides of his pants, to all directions. “Found them in a garage sale along with my army boots.”
After about five minutes of reading there was a knock on the door. When Castiel opened the door, he was met with a sweaty and smiling Dean, who was still wearing the same clothes and holding the same bag he had with him on the hike.
“No! I don’t want to die! Please, Dean, help me! I can’t do this alone. Maybe you should commit me to a mental institute, that way I won’t do this alone.”
Besides, Dean was right, if he wanted to rinse Dean’s hair without soaking his clothes, he needed to get in the shower. And he did need to shower as well.
The other floor on that side of the club looked identical to the one he was just in. There were fewer people here, so each one had more space to move. Castiel thought it was better for them, because he wouldn’t want to be in a crowded place when a Pogo started.
“A bit.” Castiel was always honest with Dean, and now wasn’t any different. “But I’m not sure if it was good or bad.”
Castiel didn’t really like Benny, he was too full of himself for his own liking. But Dean seemed to like him a lot, so he was trying to be nice as much as he could. What could Meg need help with that required putting them in a table opposing each other?
Dean’s family moved away from the stage, and, to Castiel’s delight, Dean was walking toward them. He looked happy, but Castiel could tell he was also a bit nervous.
“Actually, Cas, if you don’t feel like going to the movies with them, my family and I are going to a steakhouse to celebrate and my uncle Bobby asked me if my boyfriend wanted to join us. So? What do you say?”
So Dean did know who he was, and had a crush on him??? He thought Dean had never noticed him. He tried so hard not to be noticed. And still... Dean wanted to talk to him, to be his friend. But he never asked him to help with the Impala. Castiel turned the page, curious to see why.
“What? You couldn’t get it up or something? I know we’re a bit young for that, but there are pills you can take…”
Now, at sixteen, with friends in his arsenal, he didn't feel as lonely. He had times when the feeling of despair wasn’t as strong, and he could feel something else, like gratitude and love for his friends. That moment, sitting and reading quietly at school, knowing he would see his friends at lunch, was one of those times.
Dean got to the row his family was sitting in, and for some reason started to talk with Dumah’s parents. Castiel couldn’t hear what was said, but after some words were exchanged, Dumah and her family got up and moved to find someplace else to sit, while Dean and his family sat in their stead.
On the fourth day Meg was acting strange. She wasn’t as rude and obnoxious as usual. It started before breakfast, but after dinner the day before, so it didn’t have anything to do with yesterday’s events. After the visit in a trauma unit, when they were on the bus, Meg pulled a notebook and a pan from her bag and turned toward Castiel.
He took a deep breath, hoping that there really was no one watching him, and pushed himself as hard as he could against the metal grille covering the ventilation shaft. He felt himself becoming as light as mist, going through the thin metal bars of the cover. Or, to be accurate, the metal bars going through him. Inside the ventilation system, Castiel waited. He didn't hear anything unusual, only sounds of screaming and fighting. The fear and excitement of escaping enveloped every inch of his now weightless body. What if he could not really escape? What if this is another kind of torture, like watching his loved ones die over and over again?
One day Dean came to recesses and announced he and Lisa had broken up. “She was great and all, but I felt like something was missing. I tried for a while, but at the end it wasn’t worth it. I found myself wanting to be with you guys when I was with her. So, all is good. Don’t worry about me.”
Three days later Balthazar came to math class with a bandage on his own right eyebrow. Later that day he showed him it was a red banana pin with ball closures. It was very pretty. Unlike with Dean, the piercing didn’t make Balthazar look badass. It made him look more elegant. When he asked him if it was painful, he answered that “It wasn’t as bad as I was expecting, but it definitely hurt.”
“Dean, brother!” Benny jumped in front of him. “Do you want to come to the movies with me and Victor, and maybe Castiel, if he’ll feel like it?”
“Into a fight that got you a bleeding eyebrow?” He knew that it was probably a piercing. Their school prohibited piercings but had no right to ask students about what’s under their bandage, so kids exploited that loophole. He just wanted to make Dean laugh, and maybe feel a little better himself in the process.
He felt like he had a second pair of parents, only ones that actually care about him. Every chance they had, Dean and Balthazar made sure he was alright. Mostly separately, but sometimes together, they asked him about his pain, if he’s bleeding, and if he’s making sure to follow the care instructions to the T.
He had no body, no idea where or when he was, or where Dean was. He felt tears coming up his eyes. He was lost.
The Impala was a big, black, beast of a car. The thought of Dean having it as his own car made Castiel smile.
Castiel didn’t want to go back to his room, but he didn’t know if he wanted to join Dean either. So, he stayed where he was for now. The thought of being in the same room with a naked Dean got him hard, and he didn’t want Dean to feel awkward. He also didn’t want Dean to see how awkward he felt. He has never been with another naked man in the same room before. Never seen another naked man in real life. Dean was lean, sculpted and tanned, while he was chubby. This whole situation seemed so absurd.
Time went by, and Castiel was trying to understand his feelings. He was in a bit of a dilemma. On the one hand there was Balthazar. He still very much had a crush on him. After they got back from their trip they started talking more, and he could say they are friends now. At least at school.
Castiel’s home hadn’t been a happy place for him since third grade, when his parents had suddenly uprooted him and Anna to move here, leaving behind what tenuous friendships the two had managed to create and leaving behind any sense of normalcy and structure. Anna and Castiel ended up in a new school, both struggling to make friends and find their place in school. Even all these years later, Castiel was angry. Angry at his life being uprooted without reason and upset at the rifts that move created in his family.
When he opened his eyes, he was there. Floating above the place he used to call home. It looked old, deserted even. The path that he used to run on to get his father’s stuff was almost invisible through the wild grass and thorn bushes growing all around.  All the flowers that used to blossom in the yard - Mary Winchester’s legacy, looked after by Dean himself - were gone. The white paint that used to cover the fences was now either chipped or missing. All the windows were closed. Castiel felt a pang go though his heart as he watched it. Was he too late? What if he will never find Dean again?
“Come on, man, don’t do this. Don’t hide. I love you too if that’s what’s making you uncomfortable. Please turn around.”
“Cas! Can you believe it? we’re done with high school!” Meg hit him on the shoulder when he stood next to her.
Thinking about the rest of the week reminded him that there’s school tomorrow, and that he’ll have to go home in a few hours to get ready and sleep. He didn’t want to go home. He didn’t want the weekend to end. He wanted to feel calm for a few days more. He wanted to feel less pain. The week meant hours of class time, time where the ache in his soul was more noticeable, and more time at home, where the ache intensified.
“Yeah, sure. Let me finish grabbing my stuff,” he replied. “Oh, I’m Castiel,” he tacked on, throwing his last book into his bag and slamming his locker shut.
The man extended his hand towards him, so Castiel took and shook it. “My name is Rufus and I'm the piercer here. I understand you want your tongue pierced?” When he nodded, Rufus continued. “Ok. Come with me.”
The fact he was naked in a room that wasn’t his own made his shiver as anxiety started to bubble up in his mind. He covered himself with the side of the blanket he wasn’t sitting on and stared at the closed door.
“Come here Castiel, Sweety.” Dean’s Mother smiled and beckoned Castiel to enter the living room as well. “How are you?”
“So, talk to him, find out if he’s even nice. We’re in his homeroom class and we know nothing about him either. Is he even into men?” Jo asked.
"What do you mean by what do I mean? It’s pretty straightforward. He looks like the kind of guy you would go for. You know, skinny, tattoos, dark long hair…. Come to think of it, ‘straightforward’ is not the most accurate word to use, maybe ‘gayforward.’ Pity it’s not a real word." He chuckled at his own joke.
Dean said yes. He gave his consent to this loud and clear. Now he was not sure if he said yes because he wanted to cum or because he didn’t want people to make fun of him on Monday. He knew he could push past the jokes about him being a cock slut or moaning like a whore by saying that he was man enough to take a dick. But to be called a coward? He couldn’t let that happen.
Suddenly, he felt a black hole open in his heart. All the calm and happiness of being next to Dean got sucked out of him and into nothingness. He felt like he couldn't breathe. The ache in his soul multiplied by an infinite number and crushed down on him with the force of a thousand storms. Castiel felt his knees cave in as a wave of dread from the future washed over him. He was drowning.
Castiel closed the washing machine and started a cycle, and then went to see who his unexpected visitor was. When he got to the door, none other than Dean was standing by it, looking slightly uncomfortable.
"You know, if you’ll get in here, it will be easier for you to rinse my hair. And you could clean yourself as well. I bet you stink." Dean maybe tried to sound nonchalant, but Castiel knew him enough to sense how nervous he really was. knowing that Dean was nervous put Castiel a little at ease. They were on equal footings, both nervous and unsure of what this new situation between them is.
It was towards the end of the first semester of their second year, and they all had a big math test on Friday. To celebrate being done with the test, they decided to go to a night club a town away. The club was called “The Bunker,” and had three floors: one that played classic rock, one that played heavy metal, and one that played hip hop. It was the only club that played the music they loved (except hip hop, but two out of three is good enough) that was targeted to kids ages 16 to 21.
Castiel felt mortified. Did he get it all wrong? It could be. An erection is not an indication of want. He should have known that. He should have asked for permission, just like Dean did from the moment he got in the bathroom in what seemed like a lifetime ago but was probably only 10 minutes. Did he ruin their friendship by assuming something that was not there? He had to apologize and get the hell out of there. It took less than a second for all of it to run through his mind, and he was just about to say he was sorry when it registered in his brain the Dean was talking.
Castiel nodded. The floor was uncomfortable, and tea sounded good. Dean let go of the hug, held Castiel’s shoulders, and with a lifting motion helped him to get up. True to his words, Dean draped a soft blanket over his shoulders as he set on the bed. He watched as Dean scanned his face for something, and then he left the room, probably to make the tea he promised.
Castiel tried to stay engaged in their conversation about a T.V. show they all watched and partly succeeded to distract himself from the growing ball of uneasiness in the pit of his throat. When his friends decided to go dancing, he opted out by saying he was tired.
Jo and Meg exchanged looks like they were having a silent conversation. Castiel moved his attention between Jo and Meg expectantly. Meg eventually spoke.
Castiel saw Dean in many stages of undress, but never fully naked. He tried not to look at Dean’s cock, forcing himself to concentrate on his eyes instead. It wasn’t easy. Castiel really wanted to know what it looked like. What was its color? Was it curved or was it straight? But he was so embarrassed by exposing Dean without his permission that he didn’t dare to even take a peek.
The intensity of the feelings that washed over him was overwhelming. The knowledge of Dean’s feelings towards him, the amount of trust he had about them, it made him tear up. He was glad for the fact they were still in the shower, so it was hard to tell the difference between his tears and the plain water.
It didn’t make him feel any better. His heart was aching. Double aching. It felt like he got shot with arrows to the heart twice. He felt alone and betrayed even though he had no reason to. The one he had a crush on didn’t need him. The one he loved didn’t need him.
“I…” The overwhelming sensations of pleasure and Dean made it hard for Castiel to form words. “Don’t think… Aaagh… I can… Fuck… Last…”
“Is it okay?” He asked again, and Castiel’s heart melted by the fact that he’s still asking for his consent even after it was pretty sure he was on board with whatever Dean wanted to do.
After two hours of working, he was tired and hungry. He decided to take a break and continue rearranging his room afterwards.
“Breath for me Cas.” Dean whispered to his ear. He let go of the breath he held and then took another one, releasing it with a quiet moan. “That’s it, breath. You can make all the sounds you want to, just keep on staying still. We’re almost done.”
Dean put the hand not currently occupied with fondling his balls on his shoulder and squeezed it. It was a simple gesture, but it reminded Castiel that it was Dean that’s touching him. Dean, who cared about him and his wellbeing, that he stopped several times already just to make sure he was alright. It was Dean, the one that he loved so much, whose fingers are now traveling from his sack to his perineum, gently caressing the delicate skin. It filled him with joy and dread at the same time.
He was looking at the sky when the memory hit him. It was one of those stormy evenings they used to have when summer was coming to an end. Mr. Winchester was absent for two weeks and Dean was left, again, to watch over his younger brother, Sam.
Castiel tried to count his breaths, which helped him to stop his thoughts from spiralling, but didn’t help him fall asleep. After a few minutes of that, he tried to count Dean’s breaths instead. Dean’s breaths were slow and even and as the time went by, he felt his breaths synch in with his. Not ten minutes later, Castiel was fast asleep.
He wanted to ask Charlie what her plans were when he heard Mr. Shurley calls Dean to come and get his diploma. He saw Dean smiling and shaking Mr. Shurley’s hand, and all he wanted was to stand with Dean’s family and greet him as he left the stage. He couldn’t do it, though. They were not boyfriends, not yet at least, and he didn’t want to impose. He knew for a couple of weeks that if Dean will have him, he’ll be his for as long as he let him. But he didn’t say anything yet. He promised Dean he’ll give him all the time he needed, and he won't pressure him. So, instead, he just stood there and stared.
When he first learned that Dean, Victor, and Ash lived in the same neighborhood, Castiel was afraid he would be left out. His fears were quickly erased though when he saw that Dean insisted on inviting him to everything they did.
By the time Dean helped Victor and Ash, Castiel’s parents were ready for them to leave. Castiel located Dead and waved him goodbye. Dean waved back with an apologetic expression on face, and then Castiel was pulled by his father to go home.
Castiel arched his back off the bed as another wave of pleasure, bigger and hotter than the previous one, crushed though him. panting, he added his own right hand to better engulf their erections, planted his feet on the bed of leverage, and started thrusting up to the movements.
“Fuck!” Castiel moaned as a wave of pleasure washed over him from the contact. Dean uttered something between laughter and a moan.
It wasn’t like Castiel wanted to be different - he just didn’t feel comfortable any other way. He had tried fitting in and trying to make friends, but it had never worked out. Not only had he still felt alone and out of place, but on top of that, he also felt like a fraud. If anyone did like him, it wasn’t because they liked who Castiel truly was, but rather, they liked this version of him that never really existed.
“No. That’s not it. Spill.” Charlie turned to face him on the couch. It felt like she was trying to read his mind. Not wanting to talk, but also not wanting to say no to a challenge, Castiel stared right back at her, keeping his mouth shut. She raised her eyebrow. He knew her well enough to know it meant she was not impressed. He also knew he was better than her at raising his eyebrow, so that was exactly what he did. After a few more minutes of staring with a raised eyebrow contest, Charlie took a deep breath and closed her eyes.
“Here’s the care instructions for the piercing. Do as it say. If you have any problem or you’re not sure of something, the studio’s number is at the top of the page, don’t hesitate to call. Come, let’s get you paying, and you can get on with your day.”
It was a tradition at their school that at the end of the first semester of the last year of high school, the students all go to the lake for a three-day school trip of hiking. There were lodgings near the lake, which had rooms with two beds and private showers, that the students stayed at during that trip. Since it was a school trip, they weren’t the ones to choose who bunked with who, and they had a curfew.
“You are my brother, Dean, and I care about you. If something is making you feel bad, I want to know about it, even if it means hearing intimate details about you. I don’t, on the other hand, want to know where one of your classmates' tongue had been. Do you see the difference?”
“So, you want to make a list of pros and cons for each one of them and decide according to the results?”
After some more thought Castiel decided that a tongue piercing is the perfect option for him. He liked having things in his mouth, so having something that is attached inside it will decrease the chance of him swallowing it and choking; It is a hidden piercing, so he won’t get into trouble at school for having it; And, if he’ll ever be in an intimate situation with someone, kissing and giving head will be different for that someone.
Feeling a little embarrassed by his attempt to speak and the reaction of his friends, Castiel nodded and decided that
Dean must have sensed how uneasy he felt, because he just smiled, turned so his back was again what Castiel could see, and continued their conversation like nothing happened.
Castiel was once again amazed by his two friends and their willingness to get along with each other for his behalf.
“If I knew they opened it I would have brought my skateboard with me and show you the tricks I know.”
“You skate?” Dean asked. Castiel was baffled for a second about Dean’s question, and then remembered that Dean wasn’t with them all those recesses when Balthazar went on and on about his skating abilities.
"I don't know.” Dean said after a few seconds. He didn’t look him in the eyes anymore but looked somewhere to his upper left. Castiel said nothing. It wasn’t an answer, and he wanted to let Dean think. After another stretch of silent he continued.
“I don’t know. Hard. Emotional. Exhausting. Definitely Exhausting. I feel like I didn’t sleep for a week.”
“What? Why would be upset about that?” He wanted to sound nonchalant, but he knew he sounded defensive. Where did this come from? He had never told her he was gay or that he had a crush on Balthazar. Was he really that transparent? He knew for sure the girls hadn’t told her since Charlie wasn’t close with Jo and Meg.
A horrible sound snapped him out of his thoughts. The sound he hated the most. The sound he had to hear over and over again for who knows how long. The gasp of air as Dean was being killed by yet another unfamiliar face. All questions and doubts in his mind just vanished with that sound. Without even realizing what he was doing, Castiel flung himself down the shaft.
Castiel glanced down at his shirt, realizing it was his favorite Korn shirt. He smiled and shook his head.
“Yes. Please.” With that he let his body relax against the shower wall as much as he could and closed his eyes. Whatever Dean wanted to do, he trusted him.
"What do you mean by ‘my type?’" Castiel asked in confusion. Although he and Dean had been friends now for the entire school year, Castiel still hadn’t come out to anyone but Jo and Meg.
It was pleasurable and maddening at the same time. Dean was touching him, but not where he really wanted him to. Maybe Dean didn’t want to touch him that way. He then thought of a way to make sure Dean understood he wanted him to touch him, but also give him an out if he didn’t want to get there. With a courage he didn’t know he had, he whispered:
Castiel laughed at the remark. Jo had Ash wrapped around her finger. Usually it was cute, but sometimes even he felt it got a little too much (and Jo was one of his best friends, so it tells you something about the whole situation). Castiel handed Dean the shampoo from around the shower curtain, so as to not invade his privacy. When he withdrew his hand, the edge of the curtain got stuck to it and moved, revealing Dean in all his naked glory.
Castiel was overwhelmed with emotions again. Fear, happiness, anticipation, desperation, exhilaration, and confusion all washed over him at once.
Two weeks after that first pill, and a week before their graduation ceremony, he was walking with Dean to meet their friends at recess. One moment his head was full of cotton balls, like the medication package insert said the side effects could be, and on the next one, his head was suddenly clear.
He scoured the place from the entrance. There, in the very middle of the dance floor, was Balthazar. He danced alone, his eyes closed, and face tilted upwards. He looked like an angel in the flickering lights. Other dancers bumped into him from time to time, but it seemed like it didn’t even register in his mind. It was like he was isolated in his own world and was happy about it. Castiel felt like he was intruding some kind of religious ritual. Like he was witnessing him going into trance.
He never thought he'd have something like that. Over the last three years he got used to having friends that cared about him, but never in a million years did he believe someone would care about him to that extent. And it wasn’t just anyone, it was Dean. Dean, who was the first friend he had in a long time. The one that made the ache in his soul feel a little more bearable. Dean loved him and was willing to see where things will go for them, and with everyone else to see.
He was trying to spot Victor when he saw Dean enter the auditorium with his parents, his younger brother Sam, and his adoptive uncle Bobby, in tow. Dean stopped walking and looked around the room, like he was searching for something. Castiel watched him from where he set, until their eyes met. Castiel gave him a little wave and Dean beamed at him and started walking to his direction, calling his family to come along.
He spent the time sitting at the corner on one of the couches, staring at Dean when he wasn't looking, and thinking. Why was he upset about Dean seeing him as one of the guys? No one had ever seen him as one of the guys before. That was something he always wanted to have. Up until now, whenever he thought of his position in his group of friends, he saw himself as one of the girls. Knowing he was one of the guys should bring him joy, not disappointment.
After a few more massaging movements, accompanied by Castiel small huffs of breath, Dean stater really stroking him. He held his cock firmly right below the head and slid his hand down to the base. The feeling of electric fire filled Castiel’s brain. Hot pleasure connected the places Dean’s hand was on to the pit of his belly. Dean kept a steady slow pace, stroking up and down, touching the underside of the head, but not going over it. It drove Castiel mad. He wanted Dean to touch him all over, head included. He slowly thrust up while Dean’s hand was at the bottom of his cock and drew back down while Dean’s hand was under his head, causing Dean to touch it as well.
“Fuck. You’re so sexy.” Dean whispered and started moving his hand up and down his shaft again. He kept the slow pace for a few minutes, holding firm enough to make it feel more than a simple lathering, but loose enough not to make it a real hand job. It drove Castiel insane. It was just a little shy away from pleasure.
Dean was taller than he was, but not by much. He had beautiful big green eyes and thick lips. He had sharp cheekbones and a strong jaw. He was thin but well built, with accentuated muscles in his arms and legs.
“I’m fine, thank you. Not looking forward to tomorrow though. Physical rehab centers creep me out. Seeing kids with scars and missing limbs, I can’t imagine how they feel. I use my body for all that I do, it sounds so hard to get used to basically a different body.”
Castiel was emotionally exhausted. He felt hollow. He stared at the wall in front of him and waited for Dean to come back. Outside the room, he could hear the kettle boiling, the clinking of ceramics and spoons, and the hushed voices of Dean and his mother. He couldn’t understand what they were saying.
The feeling of betrayal vanished at that. The girls hadn’t outed him after all. Dean was just observant. The dread stayed.
Castiel had to do it now. He was planning his escape since they brought him down here. When was that? He couldn't really tell. Could be days, could be years, could be millennia. All he knew was that he didn't change. Nothing changed here. He’d been doing the same thing over and over again. Roaming around, watching people he doesn't know screaming, fighting, killing the most precious figures in his life.
True to their word, Meg and Jo were still dancing at the same spot of the dance floor. Next to them were Ash and Victor. Joining them, Castiel looked around for Dean and Charlie.
Ash’s house had a big backyard, and his parents loved hosting barbeques when the weather was nice. When they got there, Ash’s father was putting raw hamburgers on the grill, while his mother placed a plate of scorched hotdogs on the table.
Castiel never saw Dean so vulnerable and raw. It meant the world to him that Dean trusted him this way. It took everything in him not to let go and kiss Dean at that moment, but his answer still wasn’t enough.
The problem was that when Castiel listened to Balthazar talk, he felt that his way of thinking is not really connected to reality. Balthazar was not stupid by any means possible, but his ideas were out there, and he felt like they didn’t really connect. It made him sad, because he looked really good, and it felt like maybe he was into him as well.
“What are your plans for the rest of the evening?” Jo asked him. He assumed she and Ash were going to celebrate somewhere, and he knew Meg’s parents were taking her to a restaurant for her favorite meal.
He searched the web for a while and found a parlor close to him with good recommendations. On their website it said that there is no need to make an appointment for piercing, and to just come. It had a price table with all kinds of piercings. It also said that kids under age 16 needed a parent's permission. Castiel’s parents will never give him permission. Luckily, he was over 17.
After a few minutes he managed to calm down a bit. He got out of the stall and washed his hands and face. No one needed to know how pathetic he is. He will not ruin his friends’ night. He took a deep breath to steady himself. Looking at the mirror, his red eyes were hardly noticeable in the dark lights. Good. If they’ll ask him, why was he hurrying up he would tell them he had a bathroom emergency. That should be enough and would explain the teary eyes if they noticed.
Castile was disappointed to hear that Dean, and also Jo, won’t be joining the delegation. But at least he had Meg to seat next to, and Victor and Ash as entertainment.
Saddened that he’ll have to stop looking at Dean, Castiel started to turn around and give Dean excess to his back.
“Really?” Dean pressed himself even further to Castiel’s body, the mischievous glint back in his eyes. “I always wanted to try doing that, but never had the chance. What do you say about you letting me finish cleaning you without you moving? Do you want that? Can you control yourself for me? I promise I won't torture you for long.”
“I hope army boots are not the official footwear to be considered as your friend, because I don’t think I have a way to get a pair.” Castiel hoped it sounded like a joke, though deep inside he really wanted to fit in with those guys. The last time he had so many potential friends was when he was in first grade.
A month went by with him feeling there is no meaning to anything, when, in one week, both Dean and Balthazar got their eyebrows pierced.
After the first meeting with Mrs. Hanscum went fine, they decided that he should come to see her twice a week in his free period. That way they’ll make the best of the time that was left for Castiel in school.
Castiel was finishing a conversation he had with Jo, so when he got to the room Garth was already in the shower, singing something Castiel didn't recognize. Knowing Garth took forever to shower, he got his book and started reading from where he left off the night before.
The kiss started gently. Dean, still holding his face, pressed his lips lightly to his. Castiel pressed back, making Dean sigh. Dean’s lips were soft and wet. His heart did a small flip in his chest. His first kiss was with Dean.
"I trust you as well, with all that I am, but I don't trust myself. I don’t know if I’ll be able to continue being us the same as always after that. I don't want to lose you, and I don't know if it's not too late as it is."
Dean snapped his head up from his shoulder and looked at him once more. He studied Castiel’s eyes like he was searching for something, and then his face changed from questioning to awe and admiration. Still holding Castiel’s ass with one hand, Dean watched Castiel’s eyes as he moved the other one between them.
"Thank you,” Castiel replied. “I think you’re the only one ever to like my nails. Most people just laugh at me and call me names."
His reading was interrupted by someone flicking him in the back of the head and the sound of a bag hitting the ground, startling him out of his book. Annoyed, Castiel looked up, ready to smite whoever smacked him, but when he saw who it was, smiting seemed a little excessive. He’ll find a time to retaliate, but not now. He didn’t really want to get up from where he was sitting.
Every year, Castiel’s high school sent a delegation of forty-five students from the second year’s class to see the consequences of car accidents by visiting hospitals and rehabilitation centers around the country. It included a week of traveling and learning, and by the end of it the students are supposed to teach the other students in their year about what they saw and learned.
This really scared Castiel. Was he losing the battle against himself? Before Dean could react to what he said, Castiel added:
“I love you both so much!” He got up from his sitting position and gathered them for a group hug. “Thank you for thinking about me. It means the world to me.” He released them and set back down. “I don’t go around coming out to everybody because, yes, I don’t really give a fuck about what they think. But no one ever asked me about it either. Kids in my class at middle school called me slurs and other insults, but not because they knew I was gay, just because I painted my nails. Even my parents don’t care about that — or at least they never talked to me about it.”
Dean let himself slide down the wall and sit on the ground, dropping his head back to rest against the wood. The image flashed across his mind of himself, his other self, head tipped back in pleasure, and he jerked upright. He wasn’t going here, would like to never go there again. Except, there were hours until morning, and it was dark, and his future self was off somewhere readying his troops for certain death in the morning and what was Dean supposed to think about all night except—
And that just showed, didn’t it, that just really proved it. What he would do if he got the chance, who he would be. Who he was already.
He was still slumped against the wall when the sun rose, pale light filtering through the clouds, when the camp woke up and he followed his future self into a battle to the death. He tried to shut down his mind, narrow his focus to the hunt, the one thing in front of his face, the way he always had. Mostly it worked. Watching his future self send his friends, send Cas, to their death hurt like a dull blade dug into soft flesh, and seeing his little brother possessed by Lucifer was the knife yanked out again, and then before he could bleed to death he was shouting at Zachariah and then he was on the side of the road, with Cas, and the night air tasted sweet and his heart ached.
Cas titled his head to one side, reading some trace of Dean’s anguish on his face, and took a step forward, one hand reaching out. Dean jumped back, pulling his arm out of Cas’s reach, and for a split second he recognized the expression on Cas’s face. Surprised, confused. Hurt. Just the way that Cas-not-Cas had looked at him-not-him, on his knees on the dirty floor of a messy cabin in a whole messy world. And for one weak moment he took half a step forward, and then Cas’s face smoothed out to neutral and Dean remembered what he was doing and why he was doing it. It would be so easy, he could see it, so easy in so many ways to do so many things wrong. But he knew, he understood, what he would do to Cas, what he would do to
“No offense, but you’re not the same.” Meg winked back. “And besides, now that I know Cas is coming, I think I’ll be alright.”
“I need to decide which one of these fine fellas I want more. Or more accurately, which one of them I
Sam looked at his older brother with a serious face and thought. After some moments of silence, Sam took a big breath and started talking.
The auditorium was full of people. Students and family members looking around for places to sit. Castiel’s family was already seated: Samandriel set to his mother’s right, his father set between his mother and Anna, and he set to Anna’s left. To his left set the family of one of his classmates, Dumah. He studied the room. He saw Charlie sitting with her family four rows down and to the left from him. He saw Jo’s and Ash’s families sitting next to each other, with Jo and Ash in the middle. Everyone could see Balthazar sitting in the first row, hot pink hair a splash of color, as his parents try to avoid people’s stares.
“It’s okay if you love me. I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable by teasing you about it. You just looked so adorable, all flustered and pouty. I’m sorry.”
He stopped walking and looked around. Dean stopped when he noticed Castiel was not walking next to him and turned around.
Dean moved his thumb over his slit, applying pressure that made him alternate between pleasure and pain. The somewhat pained sound must have worried Dean, because he immediately withdrew his thumb.
He had no good answer to that argument. He checked the time; it was almost noon. If he wanted to have enough time to rest and get ready, he’d have to leave soon.
Sam was in the kitchen getting a glass of water when Dean came home. It was relatively early for Dean to return from a class party. Usually he stays until the early hours of the morning.
“Stop laughing and give me something to wipe out this mess with!” He was still laughing as well, but the feeling of drying cum was starting to make him itchy.
“What? Cas, you don’t make any sense. Why should I commit you to a mental institute? What are you talking about? You’re scaring me.”
He didn’t want to pierce his belly button. He was chubby and he didn’t like the way that piercing looked on droopy stomachs.
Once more, Castiel was standing (sort of) at the doorway to Dean’s room. Only now, there was no one there. It looked exactly the way he remembered it, under the cob webs and dust. The bed was near the window and at the wall, to its left, stood Dean’s wardrobe. He had no table in his room; he and Sam did their homework in the main hall and used their rooms only for sleep. Near the bed was a small nightstand. Dean had a bedside lamp on it, so he could read at night, and a picture of his mom. The lamp was still there, but not the picture. Castiel’s heart sunk, he was too late. Dean was not here anymore. He would not have left without his mother’s picture.
Balthazar stayed by himself the entire night, dancing in his own world. Dean danced away from them with this girl in his arms, and only joined them when the club closed, grinning and holding a note with the girl’s number. Castiel spent the rest of the night trying to look cheerful, while crying deep inside.
"Goodbye, Dean! Don’t worry, I won't forget." Castiel smiled to himself while watching Dean walking away. How could he forget? Finally, after years of being by himself, it looked like he had made himself a friend.
Castiel looked down, and was surprised to see that not only Ash was wearing army boots, but also Dean and Victor.
way. Dean flirted with everyone and liked physical contact. When he started teasing Castiel, he noticed he was teasing Meg as well, but couldn’t tell if it was like that before or was it something new like it was with him.
"Are you in the new housing development? I didn’t know people started living there. Does that mean you just moved here?" Castiel asked.
He didn’t know what they were, or how to react to the touch. He was about to say something about it when Dean’s hand withdrew from his crack and went back to his cock, now engulfing his head and twisting. A primal moan ripped out of Castiel’s throat. His head spun as Dean rubbed the extra sensitive skin. It felt like his senses went from zero to overdrive in 0.1 seconds. And just as quick as it started, it ended. Dean took his hand away from his dick. Castiel whined at the loss of touch and opened his eyes. Dean was holding the showerhead and smiling, looking pleased with himself.
In the month before they were set to go, they had preparation meetings once a week, in the evenings, at the teacher’s room at school.
“Well, first of all, we’ll get out of this room together and walk to dinner together. At some point the others will join us, either on the way or at dinner. We’ll all sit together to eat, and if you’ll feel like sitting next to me, I’ll be happy to have you near me. But if you’ll feel like sitting next to Meg or Jo, I’ll be happy to look at you from where I am. Then we’ll see where the conversation goes. We don’t have to say anything about what happened between us, this is ours anyways, and we can have things that are just for us.
Balthazar, apparently, wasn’t affected by Dean’s admission like Castiel was, because his next statement made Castiel want to punch Balthazar in the face as well.
After a few minutes of silence, Castiel dared to look at Dean. To his surprise, Dean was fast asleep. He looked calm and content. It made Castiel’s heart swell with something that felt a lot like love. Sighing to himself, he lowered his upper body and folded himself over Dean. He put his head on Dean’s flank, closed his eyes, and let himself fall asleep.
He knew the Dean liked him, and after what they just did, he knew he saw him as sexy. But loving him? He never suspected.
It was the late morning of their graduation day. Castiel was sitting on a somewhat uncomfortable chair in the waiting area of a hair salon, watching the hairdresser fussing over Balthazar’s hair.
By the time the bell rang for lunch, Castiel’s brain was ready to explode, and his stomach rumbled loudly. For once, Castiel was eager to get to lunch, excited to see his new friend. When the bell rang, he almost tripped over his own feet while rushing to where they planned to meet.
Benny was a new guy from her homeroom class. He joined their group after Dean befriended him at one of his free periods. He was shooting hoops by himself when Benny caught the ball after one of Dean’s failed attempts to shoot through the hoop.
The panic in Dean’s voice made Castiel feel worse. He wasn’t supposed to drag Dean into his fucked-up mass. Dean was supposed to be his happy place, not a place where he breaks down. It wasn’t fair for Dean to be dealing with that, it was Castiel cross to bear. But Dean was kneeling next to him on the floor, rubbing his back and pleading for him to answer, and he’ll never not answer Dean when he calls.
“So, I’ll get you the plain surgical steel ones, you can’t go wrong with those.” He took two balls and along with the barbell put them in a small bowl and poured what he told him was medical alcohol to disinfect them.
“Here, take these. I’ll go change in the bathroom.” Dean handed him a loose t-shirt and some flowy, long pants, and went out of the room. The shirt was a bit snug on him, but the long pants had an elastic waistband that fit perfectly. Dean was also wearing a t-shirt and long pants and looked very comfortable. Dean crawled into bed and Castiel took the opposite side.
"How?" Castiel’s mind was whirling. Maybe Jo or Meg told him? He didn’t think they would do that — they were his friends. Friends don’t out their friends, especially when they know you are not out yet. Maybe Jo told Ash because he is her boyfriend, and she didn’t want to keep secrets from him and then he told Dean because he is his best friend. That would make sense. If that was the case, he couldn’t be mad at Jo. He would never ask her to lie or keep secrets from Ash.
“John! Can’t you see the boys are exhausted?” Mary scolded her husband. “Let them go the sleep. We can hear about everything in the morning.” She turned from John to Castiel, “Castiel, will blueberry pancakes be all right for you for breakfast? I remember you liked then the last time I made them, but I want to be sure.”
Castiel did it, trusting Rufus to only use the clamp. He felt the clamp squeeze his tongue. It wasn’t so bad. It was uncomfortable, but not painful. For some reason it calmed him down. Rufus released the clamp.
Castiel just stood there mesmerized. The song that was playing ended and another began. He didn’t know either, but he didn’t move. Someone pushed past him, and he realized he was almost blocking the entrance. Should he go dance next to Balthazar? Make himself known? He looked so in peace, Castiel didn’t want to interrupt. With a heavy heart and a feeling of disappointment at himself for still not having the courage to approach Balthazar, he went back to his friends at the other floor.
Dean looked relieved. He smiled at Castiel, a happy and pure smile. Still looking into his eyes, he put his soapy hands on Castiel’s chest and started lathering.
"You know I'm gay?" Castiel didn’t want to interrupt Dean’s amusement over his own joke, but it was important.
“Did you see Balthazar’s hair?” Dean said instead of ‘hello’ as he bumped their shoulders together after sitting next to Castiel.
“Are you sure? I told you before that you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.” Dean looked genuinely concerned. It made Castiel love him a little bit more. He took a big breath.
It was crowded near the bar, and Castiel had to shoulder his way through. He saw Dean at the far end of the bar. He was laughing at something a pretty girl was saying. In the darkness of the club, Castiel could only see she was short and had straight hair. Dean had his head close to her ear, probably to tell her something.
Castiel felt like his friends are each in their own bubble, and he’s left alone. Luckily for him, Balthazar was more than happy to keep him company. He started spending more time with him on recesses, talking about the new theories Balthazar was thinking about, or the games he was playing on his computer, or about skating. Castiel would mostly listen to him talking, and answer questions if he was asked, but he hardly talked about himself and his world. He was content to just listen to Balthazar unique thought processes and drift. It took his mind off of Dean and Lisa.
“No, I don’t think so. My dad took me to see cases of teens after car accidents after I told him I want to have Baby when I’ll get my driver's license. I don’t need more of that.” Dean eyes looked hunted was he spoke.
With that, Castiel’s body started working on autopilot, and he found himself following Dean, mind running a mile a second.
On the way to his own room he wandered through the other parts of the mansion. Everything looked the same as he remembered. When he got to his room, though, something was not quite right. He remembered that his bed was next to the door, not by the window. He also didn’t have a table that was now clearly there. Come to think of it, the room looked less dusty than the other rooms he went through earlier and there was a book on the table that didn’t look like anything Castiel had ever seen before.
“I can’t do this anymore. I don’t want to live like that anymore. It hurts too much. I just want it to stop. I just want everything to stop.”
Feigning being offended, Castiel handed the shower head back to Dean. "Fine! If I’m that disgusting, hand me your soap so I could put you out of your misery."
"I’m telling you, if Jo will buy him a tiny pink crop top with one of the ‘My Little Pony’ guys, he’ll wear it to school just to make her happy. That’s scary."
First, he felt the now familiar pressure of the tongue clamp. Then he felt something go up through his tongue, pause for a few seconds, and then go down through it, but not out of it. Rufus fiddled with his tongue for a few seconds more, and then leaned back on his chair and smiled.
All thoughts of anything vanished from his mind as one of Dean’s fingers crest over his hole. A small touch, not a press or a tug. A finger going over a ring of tight muscles on its way from under it to the rest of his crack. For some reason this touch felt more intimate than anything they’ve done so far. Touching his dick was a sexual act, yes, but it could always be brushed off as teenage curiosity. It was just touching the outside, like an arm or a butt cheek. Touching his hole felt like more than that. He couldn’t really explain it. It was like stating an interest in Penetration. He considered penetration as something he only wanted to do with a boyfriend, not just with a friend with benefits or with a fling.
Castiel really wanted Balthazar. Not that he was going to do anything about it - he was far too afraid of rejection. Why would Balthazar, or Dean for that matter, want him? He was chubby, he was clumsy, he had no sexual or romantic experience, and overall, he was still a freak. Not to mention that he was mostly still in the closet. Better to just forget about it and keep on pining in silence.
It was a hot afternoon. The skies were clear with only a few fluffy white clouds scattered here and there. He felt much better outside. The further he walked towards Dean’s house, the more he felt his anger melt away. By the time he called Dean to come out of his house, he was almost calm. They walked together to Victor’s house and the three of them crossed the street to where Ash lived.
Dean was on the verge of crying when he stopped talking. They both sat down at the kitchen table, Dean holding a glass of water that Sam gave him.
“I told you I know you.” Dean winked at him. “Anyways, I know you will wait for me to understand what’s going on inside my head. No pressure, just endless patience. I don’t know what I did to deserve you, but whatever it was, I’m willing to keep doing it if I get to have this. Whatever ‘this’ may be.”
He was disturbed from the sights of the ICU, sure, and he was tired, but he hoped he looked decent enough.
The day after he learned he was going to be a part of the delegation, they were all sitting together for lunch. Meg and Jo were talking very loud about something that one of the teachers said. When there was a pause in their conversation, Castiel saw his opportunity to change the subject.
They stayed like this, Dean hugging, humming, and rocking Castiel on the floor until Castiel’s sobs subsided, and he could hear that Dean was humming the song “Stairway to Heaven” by Led Zeppelin. After a few more moments of him letting Dean calm his down, his breathing came back to normal.
Reluctantly, he turned to face Dean. Dean looked at him and tenderly cupped his cheek with the hand not holding the shower head.
Stunned, Castiel just kept standing by the door, watching Dean’s back as he walked away. After a few steps Dean stopped and looked at Castiel over his shoulder with questioning eyes. "Are you coming or not?"
“I think you’re right, and I’d like you to come with me. Thank you.” He borrowed more into Dean’s embrace.
He didn’t want to go back to his room naked or wrapped in a towel. What if someone was in the corridor? That would be so embarrassing. But he also didn’t want to put his dirty clothes back on, that was just disgusting.
“Maybe? I’m not sure.” Castiel tried to go through the faces he could remember from Math class the day before. “Was it yesterday on third period? With the old teacher that smells like black coffee and cheep cigarettes?” He shuddered at the memory of that awful combination.
They slid back to eating silently. When they all got back to the bus, Meg asked him in a teasing voice:
With great effort, he opened his eyes. Big worried green eyes were looking back at him, nothing of the mirth and challenge in them anymore. It took Castiel breath away.
“What on earth did Castiel do to you that was so bad? Did he get you in trouble or something? I always thought he was one of the good guys…” Sam looked at him with confusion.
“I’m going to help you get on the bed, put a blanket on you, and go make you tea. Then I’ll be more than happy if you’ll talk to me, okay?”
Castiel nodded, and Dean started moving his hands in circles all over his back. He moved his head to the side, breaking eye contact, and pressed his chest to Castiel’s, leaning his head on his shoulder. He continued lathering his back, movements wide and exploring. It was so nice, almost innocent, if you ignored both of their erections, which apparently that’s what they did. Castiel leaned on Dean and put his own head on the other’s shoulder in return.
Not really feeling like dancing anymore, Castiel made his way to the bar. He didn’t want a drink, but he figured he could join Dean and Charlie. Halfway through he bumped into Charlie.
we?” Cas said a little louder. “What am I to you now? Is this just a one-time thing? Just to satisfy your curiosity? Or are we something more?"
Castiel couldn’t hide his smile even if he tried to. He was going to spend a week in the same bus, at the same motels, and going through the same experiences as Balthazar. Meg looked at Castiel after seeing who entered the room and winked, apparently knowing exactly what was going through his mind.
At the side opposite to the entrance were two thick plastic screen doors, that if he was correct in his assumption, led to the Classic Rock and the Heavy Metal floors. He couldn’t guess by the clothes of the people coming in and out of those doors which was which, but it didn’t really matter, he liked both genres. At the other short side were the restrooms, marked by glow in the dark signs.
Dean's eyes lit up for a second, and then sobered. He leaned towards Castiel a bit and asked quietly:
“Well, it made me feel better telling you that. Making sure you know I don’t know what’s going on. I don’t know if we’ll get out of this room to go to the party and everybody will notice something is different between us. Because no matter what, something is different.”
He spoke until he felt that nothing was left to say. He took a sip from the tea that got luke warm in the meanwhile, and dared to look at Dean. The worry that was written on his face before was still there, though less pronounced. What Castiel detected in Dean’s eyes were sadness and care.
“Shoo, oco aa uu.” That didn’t sound like what he wanted to say. Mortified, he tried to say something ales.
’ He knew who the better choice in his opinion was. As much as Benny was a decent looking guy, Dean was superior to him in everything. But he didn't want Meg to pick him. It was a selfish thought, and he knew it. Dean will treat her well and make her feel like the queen of the world, and she deserved it. He didn’t know Benny that well, but he saw him purposely make her feel small and dumb.
Balthazar called him yesterday and asked if he was free to come with him to the hair salon in the morning. He was free, so he agreed. He wanted to spend the day with Dean, but he had to leave really early to get his adoptive uncle, Bobby, from three towns over, which was a long drive.
“Not much,” Castiel replied. “How are you?” He didn’t really want to talk to Charlie right now but he didn’t want to be rude either.
“Ok, I have an idea.” Dean was looking very serious. “I’ll come to your house at 16:00, and together we’ll walk to Balthazar’s. Then we’ll all take the bus. If I remember correctly, there’s a bus stop right next to where you live, right?” He was talking to Balthazar.
A few minutes passed and the others arrived. They looked on edge and told them that their Uber driver was an old man that turned the radio to the news channel and asked them to be quiet. While it was a bummer that their friends didn’t have a nice ride, they couldn’t pass that good of an opportunity to gloat and laugh at their expense.
Dean came back, also wearing a t-shirt and long pants, and looked at Castiel. “Looking good in my clothes, Cas.” He remarked as he crawled into bed. Castiel didn’t know how to react to that, so he silently got into the opposite side of the bed, hoping Dean didn’t see the blush he felt spreading through his face.
He asked him once what detergent they used and asked his parents to buy it as well. They did, but the clothes never smelled the same as Dean’s.
“I’ll knock on the door. Garth is there, isn’t he? He’ll let me in. If he’ll ask why I’m going through your stuff, I’ll tell him he took too long to shower so you came to shower at my room but forgot to bring clothes.”
He agreed to play. He wanted to play. You can’t say he wasn't a sexual person, far from it. He wasn’t a virgin. He had sex with a fair amount of females. Not with the majority of the cheerleaders like he let people think, but with some of them for sure. Usually he didn’t have a problem with new experiences; he would try anything at least once. He thought he would watch several of his classmates perform some minor sexual acts, hear and utter some confessions, maybe give or get a kiss or a blowjob. From that to being fully penetrated in public by a guy was a bit of a stretch, to say the least, no pun intended.
Castiel didn’t know he was especially patient with Dean, but all he could think of answering was: “Of course”.
“Yes.” He wasn’t sure he'd ever be ready, but he was close enough. With his heart still pounding in his ears, he stuck out his tongue and closed his eyes.
They had three more meetings before the trip. They learned what to expect, how to approach the subject, and how to help each other through it all. A week after the last meeting they were off to see kids their own age in hospitals and rehabilitation centers.
“Didn’t your parents notice? I mean, I didn’t until now, but you always smile when I see you. They saw you every day, they must have seen something.”
Dean was trying to gently lift his head from his hands by stroking one of his cheeks upward with the hand that wasn’t on his back, but Castiel held his head firmly down. He didn’t want Dean to see his face like that. He was embarrassed enough by the fact that he couldn’t control himself as it was.
“I was saying that you know Dean better than I, so you can add things I miss or don’t know. That way I’ll have all the information I need to make the right decision.”
They stared at the notebook for a while. Meg was in her own thoughts, probably trying to make sense of the fact that even though Dean was the better choice, she still wanted Benny more. Castiel was going through every interaction between Meg and Dean that he could remember, trying to see if there was anything to indicate Dean wanted Meg.
Dean only nodded. He wasn’t sure he had the energy for this conversation, but he knew it was important. Besides, he started it.
Each day of the reminder three were harder than the other. Spinal cord injuries, head injuries, rehab for both, kids that became vegetables and their hurting parents, a cemetery, and a conversation with a kid who was going on trial after drunkenly crashing the car he was driving and killing his best friend. All the while, in the back of his mind, and at night at the front of it, Castiel was thinking about whether Dean was in love with Meg.
It took them a few minutes to calm down. After catching their breaths and wiping their eyes, they decided to walk around for a while. The shop was located near a public park, so they went in its direction.
He was missing for two days? When was that? He couldn’t remember a day when he wasn’t home, not until he… Castiel could feel his face turn white (could he turn white?). That was when he got there, to that awful place he just escaped from.
“I don’t know, but I’ll think about it. And it doesn’t matter if he’s into men or not, nothing will ever happen between us anyways. I’m okay with just admiring from afar.”
"Just to make it clear, though, I don’t stink! My natural musk is a heavenly scent made by the gods." Castiel felt he had to say something funny to gain some control over the situation.
Dean wasn’t sure how he felt about it. He played it like it wasn’t a big deal, kept playing with the rest of them like nothing happened. To his relief, no one picked him for truth or dare after that. Even Castiel acted like he didn’t just fuck him in the ass, and turned to Michael to continue the game. Dean wasn’t sure how he felt about that either.
“What are you laughing about, you asshole?” Castiel wasn’t sure if he should be offended, so he decided to say it in a casual tone and see what came next.
He looked for the hook and found it to his left. There were two bags hanging from it, a purple one and a neon yellow one.
The second day of the trip was very interesting and intense. They walked for hours on rocky terrain and listened to their guide’s stories of the history of where they were. It was a hot day, and Castiel was very distracted by all the sweaty skin he could see of Balthazar, who was wearing shorts and a tank top.
“Because he is gorgeous,” Castiel answered with a shrug. “I know nothing else about him other than he’s attractive and he’s good at math. And I know the math thing only because we’re in the same class and he raises his hand a lot when the teacher asks us questions.”
“It hurt like a motherfucker. I was so close to tears it wasn’t funny, but don’t tell anybody. Only you know the truth. I was alone. I didn’t even plan on doing it. I was walking next to the piercing parlor and thought, “what the heck!”. In hindsight, that was not the best idea I had. I wish you could’ve been there. Would’ve made the way back a lot easier and tolerable. It still hurts. But it looks awesome, so it’s worth it.”
They stayed in each other’s arms until Castiel had to get back home. Dean promised him he’ll come to walk with him to school and together they’ll go see Mrs. Hanscum.
“So you feel nothing was done against your will. That’s a good start. But, you still feel bad about it, yes?”
Castiel’s cock jumped at that suggestion, and suddenly he was hyper aware of all the parts of Dean's body that were touching him.
“Cas!” Dean exclaimed when he saw him coming. “I wanted to talk to you, but everybody needed help and then you had to leave.” He walked towards Castiel and gave him a hug. “I missed you so much.”
“I love this song! Come on! Let's go!” Dean was on the dance floor before he finished the sentence. Castiel’s stomach did a little flip at the look of Dean so happy and excited. He went to the dance floor as well, followed shortly behind by all the rest. The music was loud and all consuming. He felt the beat running through him. He jumped up and down, singing with Robert Plant and playing air guitar and air drums intermittently. Meg, Jo, and Charlie dance with him. Dean, Victor, and Ash were dancing next to them.
The tattoos and piercings parlor’s name was “The Mystery Spot”. It was a shop divided into two, a reception area and a small studio. The reception area was spacious and well lit. It had a reception desk with a computer and a cash register, a big yellow couch, and a round white coffee table. On the table were 5 portfolios with pictures of the tattoos and piercings they did.
He heard Dean place the showerhead back in its place, directing the direction of the water to wash over them both, and then a second hand was placed on his other cheek. He felt a hot breath on his face and opened his eyes.
"It was great so far!” Dean grinned. “Oh, and I met these guys from my Computer Science class. They’re pretty cool." Dean was actually bouncing around while saying that. "Cas, Meet Ash and Victor. Ash, Victor, meet Cas, the guy I was telling you about."
He was afraid to hear the answers, but he knew he had to know it now, before they go any further. He had to protect himself, even if it was maybe a little too late for that.
“Good night, Dean.” Castiel said through a yawn. He also turned on his belly and snuggled in the blanket Dean gave him. It smelled like Dean. He closed his eyes and breathed in the smell of his friend, or the smell of his laundry detergent that he came to associate with him.
Name by name, Mr. Shurley called the students on stage to get their diploma and shake their hand. Anna was called, and Castiel right after her. He got his diploma, shook Mr. Shirley's hand, and got off the stage to the smiling faces of his parents and younger brother. They all walked a little to the side, as not to block the way for the rest of the students who got off the stage. They congratulated them and gave them hugs. After that, Castiel excused himself and went to be with Ash, Jo, Meg, Victor, Charlie, and Benny, who got their diplomas before him and were now standing together.
The thought of someone, anyone, wanting Dean not to be himself made the blood in Castiel’s vines boil. He wanted to find Lisa and punch her in the face. No wonder Dean looked relieved after they broke up, he could be himself again.
“That the one!” Ash jumped in, “I almost vomited when he walked by my table.” Ash shook his head, which drew Castiel’s attention to the fact he had a mullet.
Castiel went to the reception desk, where a girl with a face full of piercings and arms full of tattoos was talking on the phone and typing on the computer. She looked at him and mouthed “Just a second” to him. After some more typing she hung up the phone and smiled at him.
"Why am I not surprised Ash has a neon yellow toiletry bag?" Castiel said as he opened Dean’s bag and got the shampoo out of it.
The touch started slow and light. It sent shivers down his spine and he leaned into it. His movement probably reassured Dean, because his touch became firmer and wider. He went from circling his hands over Castiel’s chest, to robbing his shoulders and arms. Castiel closed his eyes again, and this time Dean said nothing.
He tried to stand and felt fine. He tried to take a step and felt fine as well. He walked a bit around the studio and didn’t feel any dizziness or lightheadedness.
"yeah, right? Blinded me the first time I saw it. He said Jo got it for him, so he feels obligated to use it."
As Castiel entered into high school, it seemed that this year would be much like the past years. He saw a lot of new faces this year and realized he didn’t really know most of his new classmates. Those who he did know ignored him completely. But, hey, at least no one had called him cruel names yet.
He turned to face his friends, who still sat on the couch. They gave him a ‘thumbs up’ and wished him good luck. With his heartbeat pounding in his ears and weak legs, Castiel followed Rufus into the small studio.
Castiel hugged back. “I missed you too.” After the hug ended, Castiel closed the front door and said: “Let’s go to my room if you want to talk, we’ll have some privacy.”
A year after, his younger brother came along and took whatever was left of his mother's attention from him and his sister. Feeling betrayed and abandoned, on top of being alone and angry, Castiel withdrew into himself more and more. He found solace in reading, listening to music, and painting, but that wasn’t enough.
Castiel leaned to the touch and closed his eyes. He felt Dean's thumb caressing his cheekbone while warm water spray washed soap off his body.
It was a weird feeling, having something stuck up his tongue. For some odd reason, it didn't hurt. Maybe it was the adrenalin in his body that prevented it from hurting. Castiel tried moving his tongue from side to side, the metal piercing clunked on his teeth.
Jo had a point, but Castiel wasn’t sure he could find the courage to start talking to him. He couldn’t think of anything to say that won’t make him feel like a fool.
This time Castiel opened his eyes to look at Dean working. Dean wasn’t looking at his eyes, nor at his body. He was looking at the skin he was touching and cleaning. He looked so entranced by his skin, like it was all that existed in the world. Like Castiel was the most fascinating thing Dean had ever seen. It made Castiel’s heart flutter with gratitude and awe. He couldn’t understand what Dean found in him, but he wasn’t going to question it now, not when Dean was touching him like that.
Castiel first met Charlie in his homeroom class. She was always energetic and chatty, which initially gave him a bit of a headache. However, as time went by, they became really good friends and often joined Castiel’s group at lunch.
Balthazar sat at the closest chair to the door, apart from everybody else. It was hard for Castiel to pay attention to what Ms. Mills was saying at the beginning when looking at Balthazar was much more invigorating. But after a little while, he made himself listen to her, because he knew it was important.
He was about to join the rest of the group when Dean said, "Maybe today when we’ll be back at the lodgings." Then he winked and started walking ahead. Castiel was surprised to get an answer to his remark, but other than that didn’t pay much attention to it, filing it as one of their games, and started running in order to catch up with everybody.
The fact was, Castiel didn’t care if Dean ever noticed him or not, he just had to see him again. He was in love with him since he could remember, and he had been witnessing strangers killing him for what felt like an eternity. He could not go on with those images scratched into his brain. He had to get some other images in there. After he would see Dean and put his mind at ease, he would be able to start figuring out all the rest.
Charlie's house was packed with people. She had many friends and even more acquaintances. Her peppy and cheerful personality drew to her people from many different circles, so her parties were a jumble of groups that usually didn’t mingle. They spotted Meg and Victor talking to Garth, a guy from his homeroom class that shared Biology with them and went towards them.
Castiel couldn’t believe what he was hearing. The two most gorgeous people he had ever seen are bickering about how the other is ugly. He was fighting not to smile, because now, after the adrenaline from before faded, every movement of his tongue hurt. He also started to feel extremely tired, like all his energy was slowly sucked out of his body. It probably showed on his face, because Dean stopped arguing with Balthazar.
Two weeks before the end of the school year found Dean and Castiel walking together to a party at Charlie’s house. Dean was talking about a new band he thought Castiel would like.
What the hell just happened? Did he really just have sex with a man for the first time in front of everyone?
They were interrupted by the sound of the door opening. A man with big tunnels in both ears and a tattoo that peaked from under his collar, entered and came to their direction.
"Meg," he grumbled, trying to give her his most murderous glare while trying not to laugh at the silly face she was giving him in return. "Aren’t you supposed to be in class?"
He remembered deciding to take his math homework outside, sit under Dean's window and do it while humming the tune 'Hey Jude' (he remembered Dean saying it was his mom's favorite song) in hope that it will make Dean feel better. Castiel smiled to himself; apparently it worked.
At first all he could do was nod, his tongue still swollen and sore. But after a few days, when his ability to move his tongue and speak normally came back, he laughed and answered all of their inquiries with “Yes mother”.
“This is me,” Castiel said, gesturing at his building. The apartment he lived in was older, but well-kept.
The bed, where he was sitting, didn’t feel safe anymore. He let himself slide to the floor; his knees tucked under him as he curled into the smallest ball he could manage. He rested his forehead on his palms and started to cry, forgetting Dean was there until he felt a warm hand rubbing his back.
“Is violence really necessary?” He should be accustomed to it by now, but even after almost three years, he didn’t like it. “And yes, I do believe it. I worked way too hard on getting here to have myself doute it.”
Balthazar started running towards the skate park as soon as the sentence came out of his mouth. Huffing, Dean shook his head and started running after him, Castiel following him a moment later.
His anger was simmering inside him without direction but at himself. He hated himself - he hated his body; how awkward he was. He was chubby, and he lacked coordination. Thing that other people looked graceful doing, even as simple as walking, Castel looked stiff and unnatural. Too often, he had found himself wishing he could just disappear or found himself dwelling upon thoughts of death and dying. That was the time he started wearing all black, because colors had no meaning anymore. He was ten years old at that time.
“Eh eh eh. We are not doing anything until I finish cleaning you. I want you smelling like my soap, not like a day worth of sweat. Now stand still and let me work.” With that Dean took the soap and crouched on his knees, ignoring Castiel re-hardening cock, which flagged after his less than a second panic attack.
Dean was beaming with pride as he walked off the stage and got immediately tackled by Sam in a brotherly hug. After Sam released him, he got hugs from his mom, and then from his dad. His uncle approached him and gave him a pet on the back, and it looked like he was asking him something. Dean nodded, then lifted his head and looked around. their eyes met for a brief moment, and immediately Dean turned his head back to his uncle and nodded again.
As the door clicked shut, Castiel suddenly felt the magnitude of the situation. Without the warmth of the afterglow and the light presence of Dean, all of his fears crept up again.
“I’ll talk you through the process before we’ll continue. Here is a sterilized needle, you can see I'm opening up the bag in front of you. Here is the barbell, it’s made of surgical steel. What kind of balls do you want it to have on its ends?” He presented Castiel with a compartmentalized box full of different kinds of balls that closes the piercing from both ends.
In the weeks that followed, Dean started to act a little different around him. Nothing changed in their dynamic when they were with the rest of their friends. But when they were alone, which was not unusual by any means, Castiel noticed that Dean was more ‘touchy feely’ than before. He started to physically lean on him when they sat next to each other and took a habit of resting his head on Castiel’s belly when an opportunity presented itself.
He really wanted to say yes, but kissing felt more intimate to him than touching. He wanted his first kiss ever to mean something more than just giving in to lust. Even if Dean loved him, he didn’t want to waste it on a chance to never have it again.
He and Dean only had English Literature together, so when they got to school, they had to go their separate ways with the promise to meet again at lunch.
“I don’t think I, alone, can help you. I think you should go see Mrs. Hanscum tomorrow. I’m sure she could help. I can come with you if you want.”
The club’s entrance was dark, lit only by low light lamps that pointed at the ceiling. It was a small rectangular room with doors at all sides. The entrance door was at one of its long sides. At the short side to its left was a thick plastic screen door that led to one of the dance floors. Castiel couldn’t hear the music from where he stood near the entrance, but from the clothes the people that got inside there wore, he deduced it was the hip-hop one.
When Dean came back, he was using the towel to dry his hair, the only part of him that didn’t dry during their activities. He threw the towel to Castiel when he finished. After wiping his belly and dick, Castiel got up to a sitting position on the bed and looked at Dean, who, to his disappointment, just put boxers on. Then, it hit him.
“What do we do from here? How do we act around each other at dinner and at the party? Do we stick together? Do we dance together? I don’t know how I am supposed to act now. I don’t know how to be us now.”
“I’m Dean,” the guy introduced himself with a lopsided smile. “I saw you walking in this morning. I think we live near each other. Wanna walk home together?”
Rufus opened the door and went towards the reception desk. Castiel followed him out of the studio. Dean and Balthazar were on him the second he stepped out the door.
Feeling much more comfortable, and reminding himself that it is just Dean, Castiel decided to relax and enjoy the situation. Not wanting to feel like he missed an opportunity to prove Dean that he is a man of his word, he quickly snatched the shampoo bottle from Dean’s hand. When Dean looked at him, confused, he smirked and said:
"You wanted me to help you shower, I’ll help you shower. Tip your head backwards so I could lather your hair."
At one of the down strokes Dean didn’t stop at the bottom of the shaft. His hand moved further down and cupped Castiel’s balls. Again, the hold was light and loose. Dean fiddled with them like they were Baoding Balls, rolling them with his fingers. It was almost tickling. In order not to move, Castiel held his breath and stifled a giggle.
“They went to get a drink.” Jo shouted to his ear. When he looked at her, surprised, she smiled and shouted, “Don’t ever say I don’t know you.”
“Hello Mary, hello John.” Castiel walked in the familiar and comfortable room. “I’m fine, thank you.”
“But it’s not ‘Of course.’ You knew I didn’t know what I was doing, but you let me do it anyways. You knew I wasn’t sure what we are after we went through with this, and you still went through it with me. I left for a few minutes and you probably went crazy in your head about what will happen next, and yet you probably won’t say anything about it just so you wouldn’t pressure me.”
The feeling of Dean's cock on his was exquisite. In all the times he fantasized about being with a man, he never thought it would feel that good just having his dick touching another dick.
He just had sex with Dean. His first time ever in everything sexual was with Dean. Dean, who was one of his best friends, not his boyfriend. Dean, who said he didn’t know what they were.
“What I’m going to do next is take those tongue clamp,” He held up a tool that looked like sessors with loops at the ends, that reminded Castiel of a medieval torture device, “hold your tongue with it, put the needle from under your tongue, through the clamp, attach the barbell to it, pull it through your tongue, and close it. It’ll be over in five seconds.”
On the other hand, there was Dean. Castiel knew he loved Dean very much. He was his closest male friend, and he would do anything for him. When they talked Castiel felt connected, like they were surfing on the same wavelength. But he wasn’t sure Dean wanted him
“Talking about men and your mind is wandering to your lover boy Balthazar, ha?” Castiel gave her an unimpressed look and tilted his head towards the notebook, hoping she’ll get on with it so it could also be over. Thankfully, she got the message.
Castiel and Anna walked together to the first meeting of the delegation. They didn’t walk to school together in the mornings, mostly because Anna preferred to walk alone and left much earlier than he did. But now it was just the two of them, so Anna was fine with it. She did tell him, though, that she will not sit next to him, or anybody else, during the meeting, and that he should find someone else to sit next to.
The first day of the trip was spent mostly on driving to the lake, hiking to a lookout point and back, and settling in the lodgings.
They traded a few more soft kisses, then Dean, probably emboldened by the continued sexual activities, pressed Castiel against the shower wall with his body and started kissing harder.
Both the things they were saying made Castiel insides feel warm and fuzzy. He loved the way Meg saw through him and knew the way he thought about his sexual orientation and the world. It made him feel like he was being seen by his friend for who he was and being accepted for it. He also appreciated Jo’s respect for his privacy and free choice and her willingness to provide a safe environment for him to come out at his own pace. He was really blessed with good friends.
“Yes, you may.” He turned to face Dean. “I need at least one person who believes I’ll do it. If you can’t be one, Balthazar will.”
“Nah, brother, don’t be like that. Victor and I are going to the movies later. You’re invited to come with us.”
With Dean in his life, their group of four quickly expanded, and for the first time in his life, Castiel found people who made him feel like he truly belonged.
"Yep. A month ago. Still getting used to everything. Got tired of walking alone," Dean nudged their shoulders together. "I really like your nails, by the way, the color suits you."
Did he want to talk about it? On the one hand, all Dean wanted was to shove this night into the back of his mind, go to sleep, and hope that tomorrow he will feel less weird than he is feeling now. On the other hand, he really wanted to understand what he was feeling. Sam knew him better than anyone else and could probably help him with that. He knew Sam will not judge him, they know everything about each other. And besides, there is a great chance the whole school will talk about it on Monday, so he better hear it from the source.
With arousal running through him in the direction of his groin, Castiel closed his eyes and nodded. He held his breath and waited for Dean’s touch.
Castiel spent a lot of time at Dean’s house. They split their time between talking, doing homework, doing stuff on the computer, and fooling around. Dean asked that they don't put a label on their relationship yet, and because Castiel wasn’t sure about how to deal with the dissonance of feeling both fulfilled and empty inside, he agreed.
Castiel smiled and waved. He could see why Dean befriended them, and why he thought they would like him as well.
“Ha, yes, of course you couldn’t give her those things. You never shut up, and to be pretty? I don’t think there is enough money in the world for that complicated surgery.”
Dean cleaned his legs in the same precision as he cleaned his arms, touching every inch of skin and making sure all is covered with soap. At this angle, Castiel had a view of Dean’s shoulders as he worked. He stood there, watching Dean cleaning him, and let his thoughts wander.
“Meg!” Jo got up to hit Meg on her shoulder. “That’s not the way we agreed to ask! That’s so rude!” She turned towards Castiel. “I’m so sorry about that. You don’t have to answer. This was a dumb idea.”
Now, in the kitchen, Castiel was holding Dean again. They stood like that for a while, their coffee releasing wisps of steam behind Castiel, the small of his back pressed into the counter, his thumb rubbing circles along the curve of Dean’s neck at the base of his skull. Pretty soon, he felt Dean’s shoulders hitch up and his chest swell and collapse in quick succession—and Castiel pulled back immediately, thinking Dean was crying.
Castiel did as told, pulling the sweater over his head. It was thick and woolen, and well-worn at the elbows. It had been one of the first things he had officially bought for himself after giving up his grace.
But a moment is all she needs. That, of course, is what evoked dread in the first place. Castiel has watched humanity for a very long time; he knows well the look in a person’s eyes when they make a split-second decision, the air of the Hero the moment they commit to an impulsive act. It’s the stuff people whisper about amongst themselves around the hearth. It’s the stuff that will be remembered, when all is said and done.
Despite all the violence in the world, humans still got up every morning, drank their coffee, and searched for compassion. Even when everything was telling them to give up and lie down. Especially then.
Dean, evidently, was not. He had a shit-eating grin plastered across his face and was doing his best not to burst out laughing.
Dean quickly recovered, a self-conscious, lopsided smile forming on his face. “You should be more careful with a guy who has scissors next to your face.”
, and there was more banging around in the kitchen as Dean pulled out plates and utensils. Dean had many qualities, but silence was generally not one of them.
When Dean had rescued Castiel from the Empty four years ago and professed his feelings in return, it had taken a couple of months for Dean to get used to Castiel’s touch. Touching, in principle, was not the problem; they kissed, and they held each other, and they had sex. But occasionally, when Castiel was slow and gentle with him, Dean would freeze up like he didn’t know what to do with that kind of treatment. Like of all the partners he had ever had, it was a rare occurrence for them to touch him without expecting anything in return.
Snorting, Dean shovels another bite of food into his mouth and wags his empty fork at Castiel in mock approval.
Running his knuckles across Dean’s stomach, Castiel reached the edge of his waistband where it sat low on his hips. Castiel let his hand rest there, his thumb moving in slow circles through the line of hair that disappeared under the elastic of his boxer briefs. Dean’s belly had grown softer over the past few years; Castiel pressed his hand closer.
There were things he remembered with absolute, striking precision: the destruction of Sodom, the look on the face of Lot’s wife before her skin crackled and became chalky, that rough, crystalline texture of salt glinting in the light of daybreak; a group of little boys and girls playing catch on the banks of the Yangtze River, the way the ball, wrapped in yak leather, landed smoothly in Castiel’s hands, the laughter and grins of the children encouraging him to throw it back; a seedling buried in the shallow soil of the Amazonian Basin which he would eventually sit and watch germinate until maturity.
A vicious and creeping mass forms at the pit of Castiel’s stomach, a mass that is entirely his own and not transposed by the outpour of emotion from the woman. It surges in time with the mounting uproar behind them. With sickening clarity, Castiel puts a label on the feeling:
Castiel had said something about needing to take a shower to get the blood and sweat off of his skin, and Dean had agreed profusely, a ravenous smile on his face. They had fucked beneath one of the showerheads in the Men of Letters’ spacious bathroom, and Castiel could still recall the image of Dean on his knees on the wet concrete floor: the ecstasy-drunk, dazed look in his eyes; the pink, swollen rotunda of his lips; the crazy, soaking wisps of hair that Castiel held onto like a lifeline.
He hears the crackling of salt in the back of his mind. He remembers the feeling of sharp crystals beneath his knees. He thinks of the way his brother gazed at him, like it was he who was broken and not the woman.
legally dead, and Jimmy Novak had a long-standing position as a missing person that they did not want to mess with.
, Castiel had once heard it called on a morning talk show. Then, Dean plugged the clippers into the wall outlet. He motioned for Castiel to come closer.
Castiel sways before the image of a city destroyed. He takes a deep breath, smells the sharp tang of smoke, and swallows down the beautiful terror.
Dean faltered, his attention snapping back to Castiel’s eyes. Luckily the scissors had not been close to his head. A flush crept up Dean’s cheeks, and he looked down at the tile where tufts of Castiel’s hair lay.
He lurches forward, knees skidding against dirt just in time to catch the wool sling before it can smack against the earth. The ewe wriggles in her cloth cage, and Castiel presses her small body against his chest to keep her from hurting herself.
Dean was right; Castiel had needed a haircut. His hair had become flatter with the weight of hair growth over the past two months.
“Do you wanna—” A pleasant sigh escaped Dean’s lips as Castiel sucked the delicate skin of his neck. “Do you wanna take a shower? You know,” he drawled, “all this hair on you . . .”
Castiel turned, his attention drawn to the figure leaning against the doorframe of the kitchen. Dean stood with his head lazily tipped to the side, eyes half-closed and hair mussed from sleep. The robe he had stolen from the bunker hung over his t-shirt and boxers, and his arms were crossed over his chest. The left corner of his lips formed into a smile.
along the western coast of North America. The staghorn fern and the sequoia, respectively. Castiel preferred the Enochian names more, of course, but he could still hear Dean making an offhand comment once about sequoia trees: “Oh, yeah. The big ones.”
Castiel ran a finger across the record bindings, alphabetically ordered. Dean’s doing. “Is that the only requirement?” he called back.
Bookshelves lined the main hall and the living room, and all of them were piled high with old paperbacks, DVDs, VHS tapes, CDs, and vinyl records. Just because Castiel already possessed the knowledge of most media produced in the past few millennia thanks to Metatron, there was a difference between
Castiel’s favorite photo was one Sam had snapped without anyone’s knowledge, which he presented to them years later, printed and framed: Dean leaning against the back trunk of the Impala, Castiel standing next to him holding a map, both of their heads tucked close together. Dean had gotten lost—something which rarely happened and which he even more rarely admitted out loud. They were somewhere in the middle of Wyoming, and there was no cell service to speak of. Dean and Castiel had spent the better part of twenty minutes arguing about which way to go. Sam had mostly stayed out of their way, laughing up a storm.
He reaches down to take Castiel’s hand, but before he can, Castiel slips his hands in the pockets of his cardigan. He has three other cardigans just like this one at home in different colors because he likes the way they fit and he likes that they have pockets. Years spoiled by a pocket-ridden trench coat will do that to a person.
The interior was a reflection of themselves. Potted plants hugged the window sills, mud-caked boots sat by the door, and a score of jackets and flannels hung on wall hooks in the small foyer. On the side table: a thrifted snuffbox with a small-but-growing postage stamp collection inside. Drilled into the wall: a collage of old license plates that had seen more of the United States than the average American would see in their lifetime. In a drawer: a hollowed-out motel bible with a pair of Enochian brass knuckles tucked safely inside.
Fixed in the middle of the road is a clothed pillar of salt. It defaces the natural landscape, a synthetic spire that emerges from the earth like the raised webbing of protruding scar tissue. Each plane of its glittering surface reflects the far-off light of soot-fire and holy power.
, Dean had remarked suddenly as they drifted off the sleep together, like the idea had just occurred to him.
The press of Dean’s hip against Castiel’s groin made his head swirl. “I wouldn’t want your t-shirt to get wet.”
Castiel lifts his head to find his brother standing before him. In the distance are three people with animals, each person dutifully facing toward the mountain a long ways off. None of the humans turn around. They know better.
There were other photographs as well, but Castiel’s mind was already elsewhere. It was amusing to him the way the human mind worked. Very linearly, for starters. It was also quiet, and peaceful. For the first time in his long life, Castiel did not have the buzz and chatter of angel radio hammering dully around him. Even when Heaven had been reduced to only a few angels, and angel radio had been silent, there had still been that perpetual hum.
“—and Sammy, he came back to the motel in hysterics one afternoon, talking about how the next day was picture day, and I thought, well, shit! I can’t let my kid brother get his stupid photo taken with a goddamn
Dean let out a shaky laugh at that, and his smile flashed through the steam. His hand moved upwards from its placement on Castiel’s anti-possession tattoo to squeeze his shoulder. “You got that right,” Dean said. His face then sobered, and he opened his mouth again hesitantly. “Thank you. For giving me this.”
Before Castiel can reply, Dean is already heading into the kitchen to grab their plates and utensils. Soon enough, there is a plate of shepherd’s pie laying on the pillow that sits in Castiel’s lap and a man crawling onto the couch beside him. Dean leans his back easily against the far armrest and unceremoniously shoves his socked feet underneath Castiel’s legs with a sweet grin, the one that Castiel usually melts over.
A small breath slipped past Dean’s parted lips, and the man shut his eyes tighter. Their noses brushed together, and it was only in this small space between them that Castiel was able to tell that Dean was crying, the water dripping down his face as a false front. Just barely crying, and by way of just a few tears. But Castiel knew Dean. He knew the way his shoulders stiffened, the way the muscles of his jaw flexed, how he would shut his eyes, just like this, and pretend that the tears were not there.
Castiel hardly believed it was nothing. “What?” he asked again, and this time there was no room for argument. Castiel was not angry or upset. He was just confused.
The residual energy of the completed smiting branches out over the vast landscape and hits Castiel in waves. Each ripple douses him like ice water, uniquely different from the expected warmth that grace usually involves, but Castiel knows this bitter chill is actually devastating heat, so scalding it burns like frostbite. As he absorbs the scene before him, now eerily quiet, he has just enough thought to push his vessel’s psyche down—deep down—as a means of protection.
Their home was actually fairly close to town, but it was far enough to feel secluded. Castiel liked the privacy, liked the way he could imagine himself being in true Vermont wilderness. Dean liked how they didn’t have to worry about the neighbors being nosy.
A calloused hand plants itself gently on Castiel’s cheek. Castiel blinks up to find Dean staring at him, the space between his brows dimpled with worry and his mouth half-opened in question. Castiel opens his own to say something—anything—but the words stick in his throat.
Dean switched on the clippers and got to work. He ran his fingers gently through Castiel’s hair and let it stick up in the path of the clippers so each strand could be cut evenly. Castiel relaxed into Dean’s touch, allowing the buzz of the clippers to wash over him. Starting at the nape of Castiel’s neck, Dean muttered something about a tiny mullet and wiggled his eyebrows. After finishing up that section, he then switched out the shorter guard for a longer one.
There was even a smattering of those magnetic word strips which Dean had come home with one afternoon—where Dean had picked them up, Castiel had no idea—but every couple of days they would be rearranged in a different order. Today, Castiel read,
(Castiel had been training himself to do that recently—to occasionally mimic Dean’s way of showing casual, physical affection. A few years ago, Sam had texted Castiel an article on love languages. Written under the link was a message that read,
Castiel walked through the living room, past the secondhand couch and coffee table, and by the wall of photographs.
John Winchester had planted a seed within Dean long ago that Castiel would die removing. No matter how much time it required, Castiel would gently pick apart the rotten roots and unlace their woven walls from Dean’s chest until Dean was free. Until Dean could breathe. Until Castiel died of old age and became a pile of ash, if that is what it took.
Castiel finally looked the age Jimmy Novak would have been if he had never taken Castiel as a vessel. It reminded Castiel of how quickly Lily Sunder had grown old after she stopped using angel magic to keep herself young, but that had been an extreme case.
Dean’s hands were warm. It was not the same kind of warmth that emanated from his soul but rather the warmth of his body. His soul may have been palatial and intoxicating, but Castiel found this new heat to be just as sublime—thick and unhurried. Like maple syrup, or an August day.
Castiel observed himself in the mirror. His body had aged rapidly over the past four years. It was as if, as an angel, his grace had stretched this body out like a rubber band, keeping it taut and young. But once the grace had left, this body had finally snapped back, catching up on lost years.
Dean’s fingers tense up at first, but he soon catches on, looping his thumb through one of Castiel’s and rubbing circles across the skin there. Dean’s hands are calloused, yes, but they are not the sharp edge of salt. Castiel holds his hand closer, his two palms embracing it as if in prayer.
Dean snorts at that, and he prods at Castiel’s leg with his toes. “Says the guy who defaces books like it’s an Olympic sport.”
After a minute of this, Dean broke the silence as he directed Castiel under the stream of water to wash the shampoo away.
Castiel stopped as the back of Dean’s calves hit the edge of the porcelain tub. Finally removing his mouth from the tender area on Dean’s neck, Castiel nudged his nose against his ear, and Dean’s chin fell forward so his mouth could chase after Castiel’s. They moved together at a languid pace, their lips meeting solidly between them as Castiel slipped his hand up to tug at the neck of Dean’s tee.
here?” Dean asked incredulously once)—filling his arms until they overflow with novels from the $1 bins that always seem to be at yard sales, and on, and on, and on. He is best friends with the old ladies at the library.
Familiar hunters mostly called Dean’s cell directly, but sometimes one of their four landlines would ring, each labeled with a distinct piece of tape:
Maybe his answer will be marked correct. (Archaeologists and anthropologists like to butt heads about this topic.) But don’t worry about their academic quarrels, and certainly don’t worry about American late-night gameshow television. The answer is bag.
They have both finished by now, their plates deposited on their respective side tables with Castiel’s balanced on his book. Castiel braces for what comes next.
(Most of these new stories were actually from bizarre, rare movies that Dean made him watch, ones that Dean insisted were cult classics—but as far as Castiel was concerned, they probably did not have any cult following whatsoever. Probably for good reason.)
Cool, dawn air settled softly on the grass, where droplets of dew reflected the pink light of morning. It was early autumn now, and the Earth was just beginning to dip its toes into the season. Beyond the sightline of the small yard was the home garden, where sweet potatoes and butternut squash grew in wooden planter boxes, next to which arugula spread itself across rich loam. Its green leaves blended in with the not-yet mature tips of carrots and an unruly assortment of cranberry bushes. The sundry group of fruits and vegetables hugged the soil around three cedar beehives that seemed to sprout from the ground. And there, at the far edge of the garden, was the treeline.
He pulls. She stumbles forward a bit, then plants her feet again. Headstrong, she clenches his hand more firmly, a panicked, wide-eyed desperation on her face. Being this close to a human is enough to pick up tingles of its emotional state, but the skin-to-skin contact of their touching hands makes Castiel dizzy with the flood of stress hormones that seem to drown her. The emotions swirl together too fast and too wild for Castiel to place them, like powdery grains of pigmented spices spilling together: a bewildering mess of color that bleeds into one hue with enough disturbance.
It was still playing when they finished eating and Castiel moved to the sink to wash the dishes. Dean cleaned the kitchen counter with a sponge, and when he was done, he snuck behind Castiel to plop the sponge down next to the sink. After only half-drying his hands on a towel, Dean reached up and tugged at the hair at the nape of Castiel’s neck. His hands were damp, and Castiel sucked in a surprised breath.
“Yes,” Castiel said hoarsely. He cupped Dean’s neck on the other side to get a better angle, and in response, Dean pushed his fingers through Castiel’s newly cut hair. They stood like that for a bit, neither of them ready to move yet. But soon, the tension became too much, and Castiel pivoted Dean sideways until Dean’s back faced the shower, Castiel’s mouth still on his neck. With one hand on his waist, Castiel walked him backwards.
There were research teams pouring over the bunker’s records looking for cures, like the ones Dean and Claire had undergone when they had first been turned; field teams that intercepted cases before other, shoot-first-and-ask-questions-later hunters could make it onto the scene; operations people who worked under the radar to divert the occasional blood bank; and most crucially, there were the networkers—the people on the inside making it all possible.
Castiel gives a short nod. “But there were instances before that, I believe. Bigger ones. I obviously couldn’t remember, but something in my gut told me it was true.”
Castiel hurried after him, trying not to blush. They weren’t legally married, of course—there were too many unresolved arrest warrants in Dean Winchester’s name to count, and they didn’t need to bring any more attention to themselves than necessary. Besides, Dean
Dean’s forehead fell solidly onto Castiel’s shoulder, and a guttural sob escaped his mouth. Castiel enveloped Dean in his arms, leaving one hand on the back of Dean’s head to stroke his wet hair. Dean’s hands found Castiel’s waist and gripped his hips tightly, and his shoulders were shaking with effort to not give in. Tucking his head close to Dean’s cheek, Castiel positioned his mouth next to Dean’s ear.
Maybe a fellow in a mustard button-down who is sweating rather profusely under the stage-lights and even more profusely under the gaze of millions of Americans will press his buzzer and answer, quite confidently, “What is the rock?”
Castiel quickly dried his hands on the same towel Dean had used and then followed him, close enough to hear Dean say, “Gotta make my husband look socially acceptable when I show him off around town on our drive today, huh?”
Castiel sits cross-legged on their couch with a cracked-open book perched on a pillow laying in his lap. It is a proposed historical account of the naval tragedy depicted in Théodore Gércault’s 1819 painting of the shipwrecked
Dean hummed, his breath velvety against Castiel’s cheek. Letting go of Castiel just long enough to finally pull his shirt over his head and toss it to the ground, Dean returned his hand to where it had previously sat low on Castiel’s back. He slipped the tips of his fingers underneath the waistband there.
Dean shook his head and let a laugh run through his entire body. A small smile formed across Castiel’s face.
“Yes,” Castiel said, and he was already walking from the kitchen to the living room to put a record on.
, or whatever. But if Castiel admits this fact, then Dean will know for certain that something is wrong.
There was a reason angels had not been allowed to explore Earth independently for thousands of years.
. He remembered watching the ancient city being built long ago, and he could back up the accuracy of the proverb. In fact, Rome had never
As Castiel went through the maneuvers of making coffee—setting the filter into place, dumping spoonfuls of coffee grounds on top, pouring water into the reservoir—he felt the ghost of cartilage and bone breaking under the force of his knuckles. The coffee began to stream into the glass carafe below, first a slow drip (—the drip of Dean’s blood onto cold, dusty flagstones—) and then a steady pour as the coffee brewed in full.
Although he knows almost every story in human existence thanks to Metatron, experiencing them in real time is viscerally different. What Metatron did to him was like reading a synopsis of a film instead of actually watching it. Metatron stamped the words into his brain in one single go, and now Castiel is actively undoing his superficial work, making all the stories stretch out like one long, delicious meal. He may already know the flavors, but savoring something is so much more fulfilling.
Castiel knows what Dean is trying to do. But much to Dean’s not-yet-realized chagrin, Castiel does not want to feel better. He can’t. He just—
Castiel shifts closer to Dean and leans against him, his head fitting easily in the space between Dean’s neck and shoulder, the crook augmented by Dean’s arm being slung over the back of the couch. Now given the assurance that he can touch Castiel again, Dean rests his cheek on the crown of Castiel’s head and wraps his arm around his shoulders. Dean’s free hand comes to lay on the pillow in Castiel’s lap on which his own hands rest. Dean doesn’t move his hand closer than that, but Castiel knows it’s an invitation if he is comfortable.
Castiel watched Dean through the mirror as he dove into the story, his hands gesticulating for emphasis while still holding the scissors and comb.
He was slowly bringing other hunters around to better understand a new way of looking at things, of cohabitation.
Dean lifted his head so his chin rested on his shoulder. His chest rose and fell steadily against Castiel’s back as he breathed in the scent of coffee. It was high end, something organic and fairtrade and imported. Dean always groused about the cost, saying that coffee was coffee whether it came from a Gas-N-Sip or a luxurious café, but Castiel insisted on it. If he was human and needed caffeine to function, it was at least going to taste decent. Besides, Castiel knew Dean liked it better anyway. Not that the man would ever admit it.
—and Castiel would just hold him close, Dean gripping him like he was going to lose him, both of them breathing in rhythm until Dean came off whatever ledge he had found himself on, until they had fallen asleep again.
Next to it was a grainy photo of Mary holding a grinning Dean when he was only a toddler, his hair so blonde it was almost platinum. Above that photograph was one with Dean, Sam, and Jack crowded together in the bunker in front of a crudely decorated birthday cake.
Now, Castiel stood only in his boxers. Laying across his collarbone was a silver chain on which a ring hung—Mary’s ring, now belonging to Castiel. The polished metal lay skin-warmed on his sternum, and it rose and fell as he breathed. Castiel rested his hands easily on the white porcelain surface of the sink. The smooth material was cool against his palms.
“Cute look,” Dean remarked, finally releasing Castiel from where he had him pinned against the counter. He headed over to the stove, under which the pots and pans were stored. Dean bent down and pulled out a frying pan. He deftly spun it around in his hand like he was brandishing a sword and then set it down on the stovetop with a heavy
“Okay,” Dean says. “Okay—um.” He looks past Castiel in the direction Castiel was originally facing. “The—uh—the flower stand? Do you—want to go? Or we can go home?”
Dean lifted a hand to reach the top of Castiel’s head, near the back. Plucking something from his hair, Dean brought it down so Castiel could see.
The direct honesty hits something deep inside Castiel. It knocks something into place. He considers Dean's words for a long time, thinking about how Dean loves his father, even when the mention of the man’s name makes the blood in Castiel’s veins boil. About how Dean and Sam still love each other despite the number of times they have gone behind each other's backs. About the time Castiel betrayed them, and the way Dean paused on the way out the door to look back at Castiel, an angel left standing helpless in a ring of holy fire. About Castiel's own experience, hundreds of leviathan surging within him and his body falling apart while he stood before an open portal to Purgatory and looked back at Dean because he was sorry. He was so sorry.
The rest of the shower was spent in pleasant quietude, excluding a murmured story told by Castiel about the invention of water pipes and, shortly after, a rather crude joke about pipes cracked by Dean. Castiel rolled his eyes and gently swatted him with a bottle of body wash.
Dean smiled as he pulled his lips away. He looked more content than before, the heaviness of his crying having left him. “My turn,” he said. Then he shuffled over to grab the shampoo bottle himself, and he poured a dollop into his hands.
Positioning both hands on either side of Castiel’s face, Dean inclined his head back and forth as if looking for something. Then his eyes brightened and he pursed his lips. He made a few snips every now and again, still at the same heightened level of focus.
Castiel watches as Dean’s eyes go up and away, trying to access the memory: the pink backwash of the neon motel sign, the chilly night air, the
The point of Ursula K. Le Guin’s essay on Paleolithic bags has less to do with the type of bag itself and more to do with the fact that humans made bags in the first place. After all, how can a rock or a spear be of use to a species before a bag? It is a question of
It was not a question, and it was not a dig, either. Neither of them seemed to be too broken up about the shift in tone. They were happy enough in each other’s arms and in each other’s presence, and Castiel never wanted Dean to feel like he had to bottle up his emotions around him.
Castiel thought of Lot’s wife again. A bleached pillar of salt. A clean speck standing before fiery, frayed wreckage. The chipped grains of her body crumpling onto red sand, and the way she was carried off by the wind and erased.
As he sets off toward the florist stand, his canvas bag begins the slow process of slipping off his shoulder, the weight of the produce dragging the straps down toward the ground as if the fresh fruit housed inside wants to return to the earth from which it came. Castiel does not dare remove his hands from his pockets to adjust the bag.
After Sam and Eileen had decided to turn the bunker into an open safehouse, they had made it their mission to set up an organized system for handling cases—not as hunters, but as rehabilitators. Dean had been bewildered at first, not understanding. After all, the world of hunting was so ensconced in ideas of violence and elimination that an alternative approach seemed ludicrous.
They stood like that for a few minutes, Dean’s head on Castiel’s shoulder and Castiel holding him close. Dean cried—actually allowed himself to cry—and the sound was marginally smothered out by the din of the shower. After some time, the ragged breathing coming from Dean slowly evened out as they swayed under the spray of water. Dean’s hands came up to lay on Castiel’s chest, his right palm gently pressing against the anti-possession tattoo Castiel had gotten soon after becoming human.
Sam had called yesterday evening during Dean and Castiel’s weekly movie night while they were watching
The bed was positioned in the middle with two nightstands on either side. The right one, which belonged to Castiel, had a few books on it and a small, porcelain angel statue that Dean had found at the local Goodwill and had thought was
“Talk to me,” Dean says. When Castiel doesn’t reply, Dean ducks his head toward Castiel and catches his eyes. “Talk to me, man.”
Like her, Castiel also thinks that what makes humans human is that they like to hold things. (This is plainly observable.)
Besides, they would find a way to have sex some other time today. All day together, and nothing specific to do. Castiel thought of the car ride he had promised Dean. They were, if nothing else, resourceful.
Castiel knew it pained Dean to do so, being a man who felt shame so deeply within himself that the emotion might as well have been a tree whose roots were wrapped in a solid net around his ribs, his lungs, his heart. That tree had grown inside of Dean as a child, and its trunk had helped him keep upright throughout all the years and throughout all the pain. But there was no need for its support anymore.
“When I Kissed The Teacher” started streaming through the speakers. Castiel adjusted the volume so it could be heard from the kitchen. He had just stepped back over the kitchen threshold when Dean threw his head back in faux misery and groaned.
“Mmm,” Dean hummed. He crossed his arms in front of his chest and lifted his chin in achievement, apparently pleased. “Not too shabby, if I do say so myself.”
His books range from mystery-thrillers to political manifestos to airport romances to poetry anthologies to random illegally downloaded PDFs Sam likes to send him. Occasionally, there is a children's book or a comic book that Dean points out because he has fond memories of them.
There was the fall of Rome, of which he had no memories at all, though by what his brothers and sisters used to tell him, it was not really a fall as much as it was a slow trickle.
Dean used his wrist to tilt Castiel’s head to the side to get a better angle. He slid the clippers behind Castiel’s right ear, trying to trim the hair there to a proper length. He had to do it a few times until he was satisfied.
. With a rock you may grind the stem of a stocky plant to eat, and with a spear you may stab and kill a wild animal for your next meal. But how will you bring these stocky plants and these wild animals back to your community? You are foraging, after all. How will you carry water with you over long distances? How will you keep your baby close to you as you bend over while you work?
of the static emanating from the record player down below. The album had long since come to an end; Castiel could not particularly bring himself to care.
The water beat down onto their shoulders in a steady stream, and Castiel let his whole body relax, the previous night’s dream dissipating from his mind and the cold air of his morning repose finally leaving his bones. He let his troubles wash down the drain.
Castiel feels a wave of guilt and secondhand pain go through him. Dean never deserved that. And Michael certainly never deserved him. “But that wasn’t you,” Castiel says. “
Sometimes, there were too many fruits and vegetables from his garden—like tomatoes, which they both liked to eat but which also seemed to grow everywhere despite Castiel’s best efforts to rein them in, and snow peas, which Castiel enjoyed but Dean found repellent, giving them a plethora extra. Not wanting any of the food to go to waste, Castiel would set up his stand at random intervals throughout the year. He had actually made quite a name for himself over the past four years here. Sometimes the locals would ask him how he got his produce so delicious, especially since he had only started his garden so recently. And Castiel would always give a sheepish, vague answer, not wanting to tell them the truth:
Castiel looks at him in the dying daylight streaming through the living room windows and tilts his head. “What?”
Dean grabbed another towel for himself and made a feeble attempt at drying his own hair before wrapping it around his waist. A small bruise was already forming on his neck where Castiel's mouth had been earlier.
They would talk about Castiel’s nightmare later, he decided. But not now. Now it was time for breakfast.
Castiel smiled fondly to himself as he picked a record. He slipped the vinyl disk out of its cover and removed the plastic jacket. Flipping it over to the A-side, he set it on the record player, turned the player on, and set the needle down.
They hold onto memories, onto heirlooms, and onto beliefs. They hold hands when they are happy and hold one another in their arms when they are sad. They hold each other up. They weave blankets to wrap around their shaking shoulders to hold them tightly when no one else is there to do it. They sew pockets into jackets to hold all of their treasures. They build houses to hold their families. They film movies about brooding men in cowboy hats who like to hold up banks. And, of course, they put all of their ingenuity together a very long time ago and made the bag.
“If I knew I was gonna be living with the Jolly Green Giant,” Dean mused, dropping the leaf fragment onto the counter, “Maybe I would’ve paid more attention in high school biology. Tunes?”
They ate their breakfast at the island table, Dean at his usual corner seat next to Castiel. Their knees would bump, and they would chat, and the morning stretched onward until it finally reached an hour at which it was actually reasonable to be awake. They took turns getting up and picking new records when the ABBA one stopped and static filled the room. Dean selected a Creedence Clearwater Revival album, which they played one side of, and then Castiel picked a Kate Bush album, which he coaxed Dean into letting him play in its entirety.
If he thought the conversation would end, he was wrong. Dean scoots across the couch so he’s nearer to Castiel, and he leans his elbow against the back cushions and rests his head on his propped-up hand. Dean looks like he wants to reach out and touch Castiel, but he’s been antsy about it ever since the incident at the farmers market. Castiel’s heart clenches at the sentiment, that Dean is afraid he might push Castiel away.
The photographs were some of the first things Dean had put up when they moved in. He had argued that it was for safety, since each photograph covered up a painted sigil, but Castiel had known the real reason.
Dragging his eyes away from the clothed pillar, Castiel forces himself to look back as well. There, on the horizon, is Sodom: a smoldering mess razed to the ground, wooden structures incinerated, and mudbrick houses baked and turned to dust. The fields of barley directly encompassing the city are flattened and scorched, a pinwheel of barrenness that radiates off of a desolated focus. A bird in flight would recognize the pinwheel as
. He picked the book up at a second-hand bookstore in New Haven two months ago and has only now gotten around to reading it, his stack of books accumulating faster than he can get through them. He usually manages two or three per week, but he picks up more, stealing them from Dean, sneaking them into the check-out lane at the grocery store—(“They sell
Castiel still wasn’t always sure he was doing the whole “human” thing correctly. But at least he didn’t have to do it alone this time. He had Dean as a guide—a fond, knowledgeable one at that.
And then the conversation slowly digressed into an argument about whether Marty McFly or Captain Kirk would win in a fight—an argument that Dean took both sides of, and about which Castiel had no valuable input to offer.
“Sweetheart, you okay?” Dean asks again. He keeps his voice low, like he’s speaking to a spooked animal.
Under Dean’s pillow, of course, was his gun. Castiel had a gun in the drawer of his nightstand as well, but he had yet to touch it since being here. His angel blade stayed under the bed for easier accessibility, if it came to that.
Their house was small and wonderful. Castiel had insisted on painting the cabin dark green when they first arrived, which, in hindsight, made the entire thing blend in with its surroundings. But the white trim made it homey and crisp, and the multitude of windows let in plenty of natural light—something that the bunker had so sorely lacked. The two-story home stood in a clearing surrounded by forest, and a narrow driveway led out to the main road. If they followed that road, they would come upon the lake in just ten minutes, where they liked to spend summer days lounging and fishing and strolling.
The figure in front of him wrinkles its brow at the disorder, its gaze piercing into Castiel. Castiel swallows. Unconscious of the move, he shifts his weight from knee to knee on the mound of fabric and salt, and a deafening crunch fills up the valley until the air feels so heavy the sky will surely fall.
Instead, his focus is entirely overcome by the delicate crackling of skin that somehow outclasses the screams and thunderclaps issuing from the city behind them. Castiel watches as the woman’s body becomes crystalline. Dried skin pulls apart like mudcracks in the desert, and a pattern appears like a lattice in the same manner that soil is plowed, lines emerging in violent succession. Sinews of muscle snap as they harden. With a final
and two picture frames. One held an old photo of Mary carrying a tiny, bundled-up Sam with a young Dean making a silly face at her feet. The other was of Castiel and Jack sitting in the backseat of the Impala, Jack asleep on Castiel’s shoulder.
“How long you been awake?” Dean asked. He did it with strained nonchalance, as he always did when he was concerned.
Dean’s fingers raked through Castiel’s hair, and he put his entire focus into the circular rhythm. Everything Dean did, he did to the fullest. Castiel let his head loosely follow the movement of his hands like a buoy floating on the surface of a mild sea.
Dean does not look convinced, not in the slightest. In fact, he looks more apprehensive now than before. But he lets Castiel remove Dean's hand from his face and step away.
Mail was spread out on the island counter before him. It was mostly just bills and magazines addressed to
Definitely not rolling his eyes, Castiel huffed, and he moved closer to stand between Dean and the sink. Dean tapped him in between the shoulder blades.
Castiel had always considered himself a good soldier, until Dean. As far as Castiel was aware, he had been precise and quick in his craft, always making sure to complete whatever he needed to do without fault. But the others had seen through his shiny veneer, seen through the splintered memories and scrambled grace. If he focused hard enough, he could even remember hushed whispers amongst the ranks:
The fleece of her coat is dusted in chalky powder. Salt. Castiel lifts the pads of a few fingers to his eyes. Dull, white dust curls its way around his fingerprints and makes its home in the shallow lines of his palm.
He does not know what to say. In his arms, the ewe lets out a soft bleat. Castiel involuntarily brings his sullied hand up to her shivering chest and slips his fingers beneath the cloth sling-bag to comfort her. A wild heartbeat greets him.
“Cas—” His voice, a bit ragged along the edges, was barely above a whisper, but it cut through the steady thrum of water easily. He still refused to open his eyes.
Castiel took the opportunity of Dean’s back being turned to reach over and hitch up the hem of Dean’s shirt so his lower back was exposed. Dean swiveled back around in a lazy fashion, a cocky smile painted across his face. He shifted his weight onto one leg and then wrapped an arm around Castiel’s waist and pulled him flush against his side.
After that, Castiel kissed Dean’s cheek gently. The other man blew out a breath sheepishly as if he was about to laugh, but Castiel drew him back into the moment. Holding the side of Dean’s head in one hand, Castiel placed his lips on Dean’s cheek again and held him there for a long time.
Castiel folds the corner of his book, sets it on the side-table next to him, and is about to remove the pillow from his lap to get up when Dean taps the top of the couch cushion with an air of finality and says, “You know what? Let’s eat in here tonight, yeah? I’m kinda feelin’ tired. That good with you?”
Castiel looks down at his own meal, still warm and neatly cut. For Dean’s sake more than his own, he picks up his fork and collects a piece with a little bit of everything on it: some ground beef, some mashed potatoes, some cheese, some of the caramelized onion garnish. When he puts it in his mouth, it warms him up and gives him a physical sensation to latch into. It's in stark contrast to the numbness in his body he has felt since the farmers market. The subtle spices ground him, tugging him back home.
The grounding rumble of silent laughter in Dean’s chest makes Castiel want to get closer to him, but they’re practically folded on top of each other already. Castiel makes an executive decision and slides both of his hands across the pillow to take Dean’s hand in his own.
Dean had once said late one evening. Before monsters started forming ranks in preparation for the apocalypse, he meant. Before he picked up Sam from Stanford that one October night. Before Dean had been beaten down by the world—although his past self had certainly been beaten down enough for any one person to handle, even then.
Dean stepped backwards to observe his work. Castiel still had his hand on Dean’s shoulder, but he had to extend his arm to reach Dean at this length. Dean’s back rested easily against the towel rack on the opposite wall.
Shuffling over to the wide sink and pouring his cold coffee down the drain, he decided to make a fresh batch. He had ground some coffee beans last night—he usually did it at night, so the sound would not be too loud in the morning. Mostly for his own sake, since he normally slept in the latest. But sometimes he just could not sleep, no matter how much he willed his body to do so. This typically translated in him going to bed incredibly late and waking up even later, but sometimes he just stayed up the whole night. He always did his best to lie still and close his eyes, but it was difficult, falling asleep.
It had taken him millions of years to learn, but Castiel finally understood that everyone was just trying to get by in their own beautiful, tangled way.
she re-shoulders the mass in her arms. It's an ewe. The animal wriggles under the wide segment of cloth that is strapped to her chest.
Dean blinks in surprise and freezes. Of course he remembers. One doesn’t exactly forget being beaten within an inch of their life easily.
There, standing barefoot on the thick rug of their room with the sun of late morning on his face, Dean leaned forward and wrapped one arm around Castiel, around the towel that enveloped Castiel’s body. He pecked Castiel on the mouth, slapped his shoulder, and then headed off to the dresser to find clothes.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says. Castiel must look perplexed at the apology because Dean clarifies. “When memories resurface, it’s—it’s bad. Sometimes . . .” He shrugs. "Sometimes I remember glimpses of what Michael did.”
It is the florist stand that catches Castiel’s eye. The owner of the stand, an elderly woman named Pari, only comes around once every two months. Her potted plants practically spill over the side of the stand, most of them taking up space behind the counter in clustered bursts of color that Castiel can spot from all the way down the row. Castiel reaches automatically—his hand wraps around Dean’s, their palms fitting together easily. Dean long ago got over his nervousness about holding hands in public, and this is hardly the first time Castiel has initiated this sort of contact himself.
Castiel liked seeing Dean like this: happy, the weight of the world not visibly on his shoulders. Ever since they had moved out of the bunker and retired, Castiel had noted an unmistakable improvement in Dean’s state of mind. It was reassuring. It made Castiel’s heart swell.
“We all do, a bit,” Castiel admitted. “I’m beginning to realize that that’s just a part of the human experience.”
“Wanna talk about it?” Dean asked. He was referring to the nightmare. That was the only reason Castiel ever got up before Dean.
Dean looks like he’s about to make a retort but must think better of it. His expression softens. “Dinner’s ready, is all. Shepherd’s pie.”
A red leaf fluttered from the wooded area and settled lightly on the sun-washed, weather-beaten back porch. Castiel bent forward slowly, making sure to not knock over the mug of coffee that sat on the arm of the chair. Taking the stem in between two fingers, he sat back and lifted the leaf to his face, rubbing the front of the leaf clean with his thumb. Castiel adjusted his hands to hold the sleeves of his sweater in his palms to starve away the brisk air.
“At the time . . .” Castiel hunts through his memories, now organized in a non-linear, very human jumble. He searches for the right words. “At the time, I had a suspicion that it wasn’t the first time something like that had happened. Sometimes I find there are blips in my memory—a few hours, a few days. I think that’s why it took me a little while to introduce myself to you, after raising you. Because of the mark I put on you. The accidental claim. I must have been . . . punished.”
being built. It was always developing, always changing, and always adapting to the times. He might not remember its fall, but he remembered its beginning.
“She didn’t do anything wrong, when she looked back.” Dean rubs his nose with his hand and glances at the ceiling as if reading something that’s written there. He is unhurried with the words, taking care to make sure they are correct. “‘And Lot’s wife, of course, was told not to look back where all those people and their homes had been. But she did look back, and I love her for that, because it was so human. She was turned into a pillar of salt. So it goes.’”
“Nah—I just got lots of practice. Who d’ya think always had to cut Sam’s mop of hair when we were little? Man—” Dean let out a chuckle— “there was this one time—Sammy must’ve been seven or eight, maybe—and we’d just started at this new school in Utah. It was our first week—”
“But what about Garth?” Sam had countered over a plate of spaghetti during a tense argument in the bunker kitchen. Cas had watched as Dean tried to scramble together a reply. Before he could, Sam continued: “What about Benny?”
After a while of just relaxing into each other’s bodies, Dean kisses the top of Castiel’s head. Usually it is Castiel who does things like that—taking pleasure in doting on Dean and comforting him—but Dean can be sappy when he wants to be. Castiel buries his face into Dean’s neck, his old band t-shirt soft against Castiel’s nose.
But this time around, although it still felt strange—not being able to feel their magnetic pulse, the way they connected his mind to the vaulting chambers beneath the earth and the sharp peaks of mountains that sliced through the atmosphere—he did not miss them. Castiel had everything he needed right here in front of him.
Castiel has witnessed instances of smiting sickness before. Never first-hand. Certainly never so close. He thinks, if he were human, he would throw up.
So, Castiel reached over to the lip of the tub where a few bottles stood. He plucked one up—the shampoo—and squeezed a bit onto his hand before clicking the top shut and setting it back down. Rubbing the pearly substance between his palms for a few seconds, Castiel then placed his hands on top of Dean’s head and began to scrub. Dean’s hair was short, so it didn’t take long for the shampoo to turn bubbly. He continued to massage his fingers into Dean’s scalp long after his hair was clean.
Dean removed his palms from Castiel’s back and placed them on top of Castiel’s hands where they lay on his face.
Castiel’s stomach lists in a dangerous way, and his chest tightens as if it is his lungs being squeezed rather than his hand.
Suddenly, Castiel stops. He knows he cannot—should not. But there is something tugging backward . . .
sound and waved a hand. “Using an unsuspecting Sam for haircut practice? I mean, can’t argue with that.”
Castiel then turned back to the counter. Extending an arm above his head, he opened a cabinet and extracted a second cup. It was a corny, chipped mug with
After finishing up behind the other ear—the most difficult part of the haircut now behind him—Dean tousled the hair at the crown of Castiel’s head, just careful enough to keep it parted in the correct place. Dean kept the right side shorter than the left, as Castiel liked it, then switched to scissors to handle the mess on the top.
Castiel leaned forward and pressed his lips against Dean’s. They were soft, though a bit chapped, and Castiel could feel his own scruff tug lightly against Dean’s skin. Castiel drew nearer, nudging his tongue against Dean’s lips until Dean opened for him. He tasted of coffee, and Castiel drank him in slowly, letting the slide of their mouths echo in time with the soft
They share the remainder of their meal in comfortable silence, save k. d. lang’s light cords in the background emanating from the record player that sits next to their pair of bookshelves on the far wall. The deep mahogany shelves are filled with books, of course, but many of the bottom ones are also dedicated to DVDs and VHS tapes and old albums. There is a stack of library books on the floor at the base of the left shelf that Castiel put there as a reminder to return them soon. The top book, a Toni Morrison, looks close to tipping over onto where the empty, worn cover of the k. d. lang album leans against the nearby record stand.
Castiel can’t look away. Those eyes . . . Castiel cannot see into Dean’s soul anymore, but it hardly matters. Dean’s eyes are just as intense and vivid and beautiful and earnest—well, stubborn might be a better word than earnest. Regardless, Castiel supposes Shakespeare was right after all.
Castiel tipped Dean’s head backward and let the water wash away the soapsuds. When all the traces of shampoo were gone, Dean leaned into Castiel again. He took Castiel’s mouth in his own and kissed him deeply. Castiel melted into the touch.
In the other room, Dean is making dinner. Castiel can smell onions caramelizing in the pan, can hear them sizzling over the rolling sound of k. d. lang’s voice. He chews the inside of his bottom lip and tries to read the words in front of him, but can’t.
But it is what happens next that makes Castiel’s gut pitch in a sudden, horrible motion: the tugging of hands, Castiel advancing toward the florist stand, the other hand refusing to budge, a calloused palm digging into soft skin, a grip tight enough to inform the receiver that they are not going anywhere, mostly attributed to the human propensity to be stubborn and not move when looking at something that one does not want to stop looking at quite yet. Dean refuses to move.
Castiel brought Dean’s coffee over to him, which he gladly accepted, and then Castiel opened the fridge to look for the milk for his own coffee. Stuck onto the face of the fridge with magnets were the grocery list, a blurry polaroid of Claire and Kaia that they had sent them two years ago, and a holiday card from Sam and Eileen from last winter.
, the humans call it. A feeling they tell stories about and sing songs in the name of. Castiel has heard many of these narrative tales before, though at the time, he processed the thematic messages as if viewing a scene from a distance. The matter-of-fact realization of Dread—how it fits so easily within him, like it is only natural to be there—is enough to make him stagger. To put a stop to their movement, just for a moment.
Castiel had been confused at first. He figured Dean had had shower sex before—lots of times, for that matter. But Dean had corrected him. It was the tenderness that had caught Dean off-guard, the quiet devotion Castiel had offered him.
This was hardly the first time Castiel had had this dream. In fact, they had talked about this particular one together before multiple times, as both of them had nightmares often. Things had gotten better over the past four years, the knowledge that they were safe slowly settling into their minds—but the past could only stay away for so long, and time could only smooth out so many wrinkles.
Dean and Castiel, although officially retired on paper, still offered their help. Partly it was because there were still a number of divine relics that Castiel felt responsible for, partly it was because Castiel had always liked doing reconnaissance, and partly it was because Dean—despite his insistence that
—Dean tugged the towel down and let it drape over Castiel’s shoulders. The material was warm and soft against his skin.
They’re at the farmers market, the canvas bag over Castiel’s shoulder stuffed full of carefully placed plums and pears and apples. Trailing behind a few feet walks Dean, his eyes wandering over the stands and catching on homemade breads and handcrafted tchotchkes. If asked, Dean will say that it is Castiel who drags out their trips to the farmers market, but Castiel has it on good authority (his own) that this is false. More often than not, Castiel will find himself speaking with a stand-owner about their product, only to turn around to find Dean missing, lost in the stands and haggling with some poor soul over the price of yellow onions, which Castiel knows full well will end up caramelized that night in whatever meal they share for dinner.
by Jonathan Miles. I think it used to belong to a student, if the overly-excessive underlining is anything to go off of.”
He put the milk back in the fridge and settled himself down on a stool at their small island table. He had a good view of Dean’s back, swathed in the fabric of the Men of Letters’ robe. In spite of Dean’s ABBA aversion, Castiel caught the man’s head bobbing up and down as “When I Kissed The Teacher” faded out into “Dancing Queen.” Castiel smiled into his coffee as he took a long sip.
In the places where his troubles had once been, Castiel adopted other things—the swathing presence of the steam, the patter of water at their feet, and the scent of Dean floating all around: warm sheets, old leather, and the faint trace of gasoline. These sensations undulated like honey inside of Castiel. He filled himself up with them until the core of his being felt rosy.
(Castiel might have been a bit biased in that interpretation, though. He rather liked the bustling atmosphere of Constantinople during the Middle Ages, the way it bled into the peaceful, towering space of Hagia Sophia. Although he had not been there in person, per se, he had visited the minds of praying worshipers there enough times over the centuries to keenly know its towering arches and its clerestory windows, as if the features of the building were permanently engraved on the back of his eyelids. He could still feel the bite of tendrilled incense in his nostrils.)
Castiel suddenly finds himself on a dusty expanse of road, feet straddling the furrow of a wheel. No—multiple wheels. The rut is deep and permanent looking, something only formed after hundreds of wheels have trailed along it, one after the other.
After an indeterminate amount of time, there’s a sudden thump against his shoulder. Castiel starts and immediately snaps out of his reverie. Above his shoulder stands Dean, who shrinks away at Castiel’s clear surprise, guilt momentarily crossing his face.
“I don’t—” And Dean’s voice broke. He pressed his face further into Castiel’s collarbone. “I don’t mean to be like this. I—I’m sorry, this is—”
His feet are moving forward. The long, fluid steps seem to conflict with the unevenly packed dirt of the road, but he follows the wheel rut anyway, the sound of tinkling bells from a donkey ahead of him and a wicked, reverberating knell behind. The mounting noise emanating from behind him shakes the earth, makes the surrounding barley stalks undulate like a great wave across the plain, and shoots its way up through this body—his body—until its molars are vibrating.
He knows he should not beg. An angel should not beg. But the roaring in his ears and the shuddering of the ground and the way her eyes shine against the luminous glare of grace makes him forget that.
Setting the pot back in the coffee machine, Castiel took hold of Dean’s hands and pulled them away from his sides just far enough to allow himself to turn around so they were chest-to-chest. He tugged Dean securely against him and enveloped his arms around his neck.
Afterward, Castiel had insisted on washing Dean up. It had been quite a change of pace from their escapade a few minutes before, Castiel being as slow and gentle with Dean then as he was being now. Dean had been flustered by the interaction, not expecting Castiel to do such a thing. Later that night, once both of them were warm and clean and lying in bed, Dean confessed that he had never done anything like that before. Not even with Lisa.
He turns to proceed down the road again. He needs to catch up to his brother and this woman’s husband and her two daughters and explain what happened, why it went wrong, how it is fine, how it will be fine, when his hand catches on rough crystal. A salty mass clasps his palm, wrapping its way around the meaty part of his thumb. His reaction is automatic: to pull away.
Slipping his hands beneath the hem of Dean’s threadbare Eagles tee, Castiel trailed his fingertips across his waist and hips. Dean shivered, and Castiel pressed in closer, bumping their foreheads together before dragging his mouth to the hinge of Dean’s cheek and peppering kisses along the side of his face. He moved to Dean’s neck when he heard Dean’s breath hitch. Castiel lightly ran his teeth along the underside of his jaw, near his ear. Dean’s hand came up to cradle the back of his head.
goddamn uneven, and it took forever. But Sammy—you should have heard him, Cas. When I walked him to school the next morning, he immediately ran up to all his friends—I mean, this kid had only been there, what? Three days? And he already had a group of weird little friends—and he started going on and on about how his big brother had cut his hair for him, how awesome his big brother was. I don’t even think the other kids noticed how shitty his hair looked.”
A bright laugh escaped Dean’s lips, and he threw his head back, the corners of his eyes crinkling in that way Castiel liked so much.
“Dean . . .” Castiel’s voice trailed off as he searched for the right words. How could he even begin to explain how much Dean had given
Castiel did fall, eventually. But that is a different story. (There was, at least, a place held for him at the family table when it happened.)
Almost everyone had been wary at first. Not just the hunters, but the monsters as well. Castiel had heard plenty of Dean’s voiced anxieties at the beginning of this endeavor:
Castiel raises his hands in a shrug. "It never seemed important, I suppose. I hadn't even considered it until after Naomi, and then there were so many other things we had to deal with. It never presented itself as a problem." He steadies himself before continuing. "Then, there was today. At the farmers market."
Castiel had been skeptical at first, and although he did not fully agree with the strict categories described in the article, it certainly made him look at Dean’s light shoves and shoulder squeezes in a new light.)
away. He simply swiped a hand over his face and cleared his throat. His eyes were red-rimmed, and he was looking at Castiel earnestly.
Castiel fought it, but his reflexes were not as strong as they used to be. His face broke into a begrudging smile. Swiping his hand in front of him, Castiel knocked Dean’s hand out of the way. “I did, actually.”
It was almost overwhelming: how beautiful Dean was, how luminous, how breathtaking. And how he was Castiel’s.
“I didn’t know how to attach the clipper guards,” Dean confessed, grinning, “so I just—I just pulled up sections of Sam’s hair with my fingers and cut it slowly away, all careful. It was
It was different than how Dean would awaken after a nightmare: sweating, on guard, a strangled cry in the back of his throat. In contrast, Castiel usually awoke silently, the only indication of his troubles being tense muscles and heavy breathing through the nose. On those nights, after being reassured by the solid weight of Dean’s back against his chest, Castiel would extricate himself from bed and tread downstairs soundlessly.
There was Dean’s copy of the double portrait of him and Castiel wearing cowboy hats in Dodge City. Castiel had been forced to cut his own copy in half to summon a crossroads demon a few years ago on a case with Jack, but he had been warmed to find out that Dean had kept a printed version of it as well. It was creased down the middle, just as Castiel’s had been. They had kept this photograph in their respective wallets for years. They had never told the other.
Dean presented it as a casual offer, ready to be dropped in an instant if Castiel got tense and didn’t want to delve deeper, but Castiel could tell from the low-pitched resonance of Dean’s voice that he meant it in earnest.
“N—nothing. Nothing,” Dean said. His face was turning red with the effort to hold his laughter inside.
? Dean had given him freedom. Dean had given him a home. Dean had given him the reassurance that not everything he did was a failure. And how could Castiel, in return, show this man how much he meant to him? How could he tell Dean that he would move worlds for him, that he would rip the fabric of the universe apart one thread at a time if it meant ensuring Dean Winchester’s happiness?
The irony is not lost on Castiel that the moment he was marked for downfall was when he held a man’s soul in his hands. He remembers it with acute precision: searing energy giving way to blissful illumination, the way its warmth lapped at him, so brilliant and captivating and easy to fall into, so
Just because they were known formally as Dean and Castiel Campbell, it didn’t stop Dean from calling Castiel “Mr. Winchester” over dinner or in bed. And sometimes, when he knew Dean was out of earshot, Castiel would whisper “Cas Winchester” to himself, reveling in the taste of it in his mouth—the proof that he had a family. A home.
Castiel looked up, first at Dean, and then at his own translucent reflection in the kitchen window above the sink. He couldn’t make out much of his hair from the warped image, but he didn’t doubt it. It had been at least two months since Dean had given him his last haircut. It was most likely due time for another.
Castiel could feel Dean stiffen behind him for a moment, and then Dean was squeezing his arms tighter around him. Dean’s steady, calloused hands latched onto the pilled fabric of Castiel’s sweater as he buried his nose in the crook of his neck.
“Uh-huh,” Dean says, drawing out the sound. “You write your name in them, sure. But you underline shit, too. Fold the pages all weird. Spill coffee on them. Write to-do lists in the margins. Smear the covers with take-out grease. Tear out the pages and roll ‘em.”
The first networking group had been Garth and his extended family, getting into contact with as many other lycanthropes as they could, trying to convince them to “go green”, as Dean had put it.
on his head, right? So Dad—he was out all night—but I went through his things and got his clippers. And I thought to myself, ‘I’ve seen him do this plenty of times. I can totally do it, too.’ So I start on Sammy’s hair—and God, Cas. It was so fucking bad.”
A tight, heavy ache bloomed in Castiel’s chest as he thought about the old days when he had been able to enter Dean’s dreams and make them peaceful. Dean didn’t deserve to be plagued by the things of his past. Neither of them did.
When the water began to turn cold, they washed the soap off of their bodies and twisted the shower handle until the water stopped. Reaching beyond the curtain, Dean grabbed a towel off of the rack. He draped it first over Castiel’s head and scrubbed messily over his hair to dry it, and then—before Castiel could grunt a cautionary
