“Would you rather I let you die? He was going to go after you.” Tony shook his head, looking at where the stone used to rest inside what they had hoped to be a nearly impenetrable case. The case was broken around their feet now.
But once that week had passed, someone finally came by to visit the compound. Someone with very red hair and a painful bite. Or so he had heard from Clint.
Now that he was back, Tony didn’t know how he had survived all that time away from him. It felt like peace. It felt like home.
Tony bit hard enough at the inside of his cheek to draw blood, he tried to push away the usual thoughts that came with Steve’s best friend. His parents murdered by Bucky’s hands and then his own ready to kill him in return. “Sorry for attacking him like that. I like to think that I wouldn’t have really gone through with it. Really killed him but...I guess I have you to thank for stopping me.” Even if it was with a shield breaking his arc reactor. Even if that shield had nearly killed him.
“Nice emo look by the way, surprised you didn’t dye the hair as well!” Tony called after his retreating form, and once Steve was completely out of view, he fell back on what he could now decisively say was a couch. He eyed Natasha still lingering in the corner of the room. “What happened while I was out?”
He let out a trembling breath when he felt a small thud against his burning palm. A shiver climbed up his spine and he felt cold when he should have felt the warmth of relief.
He was sitting at Steve’s desk after waking from a nightmare that had made his bones shake. He wasn't sure how he found comfort in Steve’s space when it was always Steve in those nightmares. He was still in grey sweatpants, and his heart was still beating irregularly.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asked, purposefully walking slow to match Tony’s pace. Tony appreciated the small gesture. He always appreciated Steve’s gestures.
“Oh, like I care.” Tony scowled, trying to contain the vicious anger clawing at his throat. “You can’t just a slap a band-aid on this.”
“That’s alright, I got you.” Steve whispered, hands tightening around Tony protectively. And he didn’t plan on letting go.
When Tony got back to the compound, he could sense something wasn’t right. He brushed it off as lingering paranoia and headed inside. He was met with eerie silence. It was usually fairly quiet around the compound but never like this. A clap would have echoed as loud as a gunshot.
“Hey boss.” Happy said, eyes shifting to eye Steve in the rearview mirror. “Good evening, Captain.” He addressed Steve a little more stiffly but not without underlying respect and Tony thought maybe even a hint of fondness. The car started with a small jolt.
"No." Tony answered quickly, because he was no longer tense and he was warmer with Steve beside him. He never wanted to move.
He was alone but Tony knew he didn’t feel that way. He couldn’t possibly with all the Avengers back and buzzing around. Steve probably felt enough just soaking up their happiness without any of his own. He caught Tony’s gaze and his hand beckoned him over, an invitation Tony hadn’t realized he had been waiting for. His feet urged him to move forward but he resisted, if only for a couple of seconds.
“You’re not talking about the team, are you?” Steve’s face twisted into something much darker and Tony thought he might hate himself. He could have chosen this opportunity to let things go and make something better out of the shambles of their old teamsmanship but instead they were going to stay shambles.
“That’s alright. It’s about time that we talked, right? I can’t avoid the inevitable.” Tony hesitated for a few fleeting moments before absently turned off the coffee machine and pushed himself off of the refrigerator. He squeezed Rhodey’s shoulder when he passed by on his way to go face Steve, who was standing in the same place where Tony had left him.
Tony’s eyes lifted from the cup, roaming over Steve’s face until they settled on a spot above his eyebrow.“Well that explains it, you were off painting murals of me.” Tony teased, but he wasn’t wrong, in fact he had it exactly right but Steve didn’t mention it.
“I might not have disclosed everything about this ice skating rink.” Tony admitted, leading Steve towards an obviously old and broken down waiting area. “This place was abandoned and destroyed but I sort of fixed it. I was going to do more with it, even learn to skate and try to impress you, but you came sooner than I expected.”
“It’s just Happy.” Steve smiled reassuringly, picking himself up off the ice and then helping Tony up with a hand resting on the small of his back. They skated back to the entrance and stepped off the rink.
“You better not have out gifted me.” Tony told Steve, tearing open the packaging to reveal a folded piece of paper and a miniature disco ball. Tony blinked down at his present, a little unsure. “Is this-?” Tony unfolded the piece of paper to reveal a sketch of Tony and Dum-E in their disco outfits, halfway through a coordinated spin, underneath a disco ball that was stuffed somewhere in storage.
He debated what to text, running through different options and deleting each one with a small shake of his head.
The light that had surrounded them seemed to fade into the shadows and as they headed back to speak to Fury, words were clogged in their throats.
“Where have you even been? The whole team has stopped by except for you.” Tony informed him, rubbing his aching jaw. The tension in his body was making his muscles stiff. He tried to relax himself but he found that he couldn’t. He wasn’t equipped to deal with this.
Steve was late for movie night, which was a rare thing. He was the biggest advocate for team bonding, which made it almost mandatory for him to attend team bonding activities. Even if he spent that time joking around with Tony, whose eyes lit up when he laughed.
"Come look." He offered and Tony paused before crowding into Steve's space and leaning into his side.
With Clint distracted, Tony turned his head to Steve. That smile was now aimed at him, which wasn’t unusual but made Steve’s heart skip a beat all the same. “Would you like me to catch you up? You missed some plot points.”
He extended his arm, figuring a handshake was probably more appropriate. Natasha shook her head at him, eyes flicking to his extended hand. “Put that down.” She told him without any real intensity. And then she threw her arms around him.
Rhodey finished wrapping the bandages and he tied the end of the gauze, patting Tony’s hair into something presentable. At least that’s what Tony was counting on. “I know I can be selfish, and I know I don’t say this enough but, how’s my hair?”
“We need you if we are going to beat this thing, alright? I-” Tony paused, drawing in a breath of air, he held back the words that threatened to escape him. “We didn’t have backup and we weren’t powerful enough to beat that thing.”
“Well, I’m not replying to him. He’s got school, and he doesn’t need to hang out in an empty compound with you. No offense.” Happy was squinting at Vision as he talked, maybe trying to decide if he counted as a person.
Steve sighed, digging his hand underneath his shirt to lift out his dog tags, and sitting on the chain beside them was a ring that matched Tony’s. “I know, I could never forget that.” Steve assured Tony with a one-sided smile, dropping the chain beneath his shirt once again.
Tony shook his head affectionately. “I’m sure. I can call you and complain whenever I want but it’s not every day we are in the same country, let alone the same exact place these days.”
He heard the crack of the knuckles more than felt them smash into his cheek. He blinked several times, raising his hand to his pulsing cheekbone. The pain was beginning to make itself present, and Tony noticed that the chatter had died down in the room. The tension was beginning to grow and Tony heard a few people step forward.
“Then avoid hot-button topics of conversation!” Tony suggested, rocking back on his heels. “Even if we talk, trust doesn’t just magically return Winghead. And even if I don't want to be, if we are ever on the field together again, I will be on your side.”
“I wish I could help but I’ll be here when you get back. Don’t count me out yet.” Tony mustered something he was hoping resembled a smile. It felt weak and ready to crumble.
“Eat my dust.” Steve called from up ahead and if Tony wasn’t so focused on not slipping up then he would have fallen over laughing. Tony huffed amusedly, pushing himself to go faster, even as it grew harder to handle his speed.
“Sometimes I forgot what these ten years have done to me.” Tony gestured towards his chest but Steve caught his hand and held it against his own chest. It wasn’t a tight but rather a gentle, reassuring pressure.
Steve stripped them both of the rest of their clothes with impatience while Tony laid back and admired Steve’s body. Tony almost told him to slow down a little but he couldn’t bring himself to do it when he desperately wanted Steve. It was a frightening, all-consuming thing.
"I think I like praise better when it comes from you." Steve closed his sketchbook and reached forward, one hand closing around his jacket. His other hand tucked his sketchbook away in the inner pocket which was frighteningly close to Tony's chest and drumming heart.
It was the skyline, elegantly crafted and almost animated in style but featured most prominently was a figure. A frankly ridiculous looking figure with pajamas and an overflowing jacket. But there was something glowing there that made the man seem much less lonely than he could've been. And there was a soft light emanating from the figure's chest, the only distinguishing feature save for the rowdy hair and famous beard.
He walked up to the counter, glancing over at the coffee machine. The pot was full and the coffee was still producing steam which meant Tony had come up from his workshop for fuel and had passed out in the process.
Tony had nearly caught up to Steve when suddenly he was going far too fast and his skate went too far forward, resulting in Tony falling on his ass and landing backwards on his elbow. Tony groaned, noting the sound of Steve turning around to the tune of grounding ice under his skates.
Tony’s head fell back and he laughed openly. It felt like blooming flowers amidst a harsh storm. "You hang out in an empty compound with me.” He said, shooting a smile at Vision when he turned his head to look over.
, Tony of course not! I was trying to save Bucky and stop you, that’s it. I wouldn’t have-” Steve breathed in what looked to be a painful breath. Tony realized he wasn’t going to voice the words.
"We could just go inside." Tony said, not really offering it as much as just putting the thought out there. Neither of them made any move to leave.
“Look, Cap, get off my case. You haven’t been around all that much, alright? I had to make a call and I knew there were risks but I also knew it was the right call.” Tony explained, and since Rogers refused to answer him he still had no idea on how it panned out. He had gathered that after he had put that solar jewel in the place of the mind stone, the power had thrown him back and he had hit his head. And apparently he was the only one sporting any injuries but to be fair he was the closest to Vision when it had happened.
Before he could thoroughly mull over all the reasons he hated the stupid stack of papers, a voice cut through the building fog in his mind.
It made sense at first, that Steve wouldn’t try to bring up the man that had murdered his parents while he was still trying to repair things. Not that he hadn’t come to his senses on that issue, but it still hurt and would probably always hurt. But now he was curious as to how no one had mentioned him.
Tony brought up his thumb to wipe at what Steve knew was a smudge of paint. Tony always told him he had a tendency to wipe his brow when he was in work-mode. “There, all better. Should I mention that there is paint all over your shirt?” His thumb lingered, stroking his skin and making it tingle pleasantly, before falling away.
Tony reached forward, but Steve gathered up his arms and dragged him to the backroom. Tony hadn’t realized that there was a backroom but he was more focused on Steve anyway.
“Can’t believe I’m saying this but I actually agree with you on that.” Tony hadn’t even minded seeing Clint, who had punched him in the face just seconds after seeing him.
“That’s not how that works.” Steve shook his head, dragging Tony closer to himself. Tony let it happen, he was past arguing or trying to dissuade the hulk of muscle. “You have to admit that it’s fun.” Steve said but Tony shook his head resolutely, and Steve must have taken that as a challenge if the look in his eyes was any indication.
“I won’t.” Steve bent to pick up his shield with a wince Tony didn’t miss, before extending it out to Tony. Tony reached out to take it dumbly, more out of reflex than anything else.
“I’m not letting you drown your sorrows in a bottle, alright? What can I do to cheer you up?” Rhodey asked and Tony knew he meant well but he just wanted Steve sitting beside him, laughing and lighting up the room with his smile. Always effortless, never quite aware.
“Of course you deserve it! You’re honestly denser than a neutron star. I told you to drop it because I was hurt and I was mad and I was trying to get you to feel just a sliver of what I was feeling.” Tony’s arm was growing tired, and his mood was deteriorating, as it usually did when Steve felt the need to argue.
“What is that?” Steve asked, still looking out of it. There was a haze in his eyes and wounds were littered across his body. But it seemed like he was quickly regaining strength. Tony didn’t know if it was the serum or stubbornness.
Tony’s eyelids fluttered open and he immediately regretted it because it sent pain shooting through his skull. It felt like a remarkably bad hangover.
“We can’t trust anything he said. He messed with my memory too and I can’t remember a thing. For all we know, that solar jewel, is just a trap.” Natasha’s voice was firm and cold. Tony spared her a glance, but didn’t comment on it.
“There you are!” Tony grinned, his bright teeth making an appearance, before gesturing him over. “You’re late.” Tony’s pointed out, his smile turning into a frown, but it wasn’t genuine and Steve leaned down to kiss it off his lips before sitting down beside him. He ignored Clint’s groan from the other couch.
“Yeah, get the whole team together.” Steve shrugged, a small twitch of his shoulders. He seemed tentative.
Tony’s eyes widened a bit and then he broke into a smile. He pushed himself up to go after her, mainly because he would be out of his mind bored if he just sat around. He felt something hard underneath one of his hands as he did so. He looked down and saw the burner sitting on the couch.
“Nope, I quit.” Tony told him, leaning back against the railing with a huff of breath. Steve grabbed his hand and Tony watched him warily, the shit-eating smile on his face was growing and that could only mean trouble.
Painting had made him lose track of time, or more accurately painting Tony made him lose track of time. He was only about halfway done with painting he had been working on, leaving the Tony on his easel with only an upper body and a faint background. Steve thought it looked good anyway.
“What I mean, is that we will talk about it and we will work through it. We always do. That’s what marriage is. But right now I just want to enjoy this time we have together because I don’t know when I’m going to see you again.” Tony said, firm and with unwavering resolve. “And frankly, nobody else is going to patiently teach me how to ice skate.” He tacked on, just to relieve the heaviness beginning to shroud around them.
He walked down the hallway, spotting Rhodey. “Hey, are you okay?” Tony knew just how much aliens could mess with a person's state of mind and Rhodey had seemed perturbed earlier.
“What?” Steve looked surprised, which was more emotion than Tony had seen on him in a while. Tony was almost pleased with himself.
He sprung up, ready to throw the drink right into the strangers face but a strong hand grabbed his wrist and held him there. Tony looked up into unforgettably bright eyes. Not a stranger then.
“I don’t know! Okay? Things are just a mess.” Tony wanted to tear all of his hair out. “But the team, for the team. Party sound’s good.”
Rhodey looked up, relief flooding his features before that was quickly replaced with annoyance. “Man, you are the one who went flying across the room. I thought Cap would have a heart attack.” Rhodey’s gaze roamed his head, lingering on the visible gash. “Where are your bandages?”
“It’s a mystery to us all but we have really got to stop talking about Ross, it’s leaving a bad taste in my mouth.” Tony said, peering around Steve to get a good look at the rink.
The intruder stepped into the light with a familiar look of grim determination. This time featuring the beginnings of a beard and longer than usual blond hair. Tony felt his blood freeze, and his stomach bottom out.
It was heat and beauty, but it was cold and messy. His mouth was pressed against Steve’s with hunger and unhinged vehemence. His hands came up to rest on Steve’s chest, absently tracing the shape of the star that used to sit there. Steve’s fingertips were a constant pressure on his waist as they pressed into his exposed skin.
Rhodey smiled larger than Tony had seen in awhile, like he had an inside joke Tony wasn’t a part of. “I can teach him some dance moves.”
“What do you mean? People don’t know we are married but they do know we are together.” Steve said confusedly and Tony froze, his face screwing up.
“I don’t know, I couldn’t even get a name, but he was definitely alien. He said he was part of the Black Order? I couldn’t get much more than that, or at least I don’t remember because there are gaps in my memory.” Rhodey ran a hand over his head, distress radiating off of him in waves. The stone that the alien had taken was powerful, but they had no leads and no clue hinting at which direction they should go. If all they had was faulty memories, Tony figured it was best they deal with Vision first.
The reaction on Rhodey’s face was priceless when he looked down, Tony’s words registering. He went through a range of emotions, beginning with incredulity and ending with pure and unadulterated happiness.
“Just Steve is fine.” Steve answered, smiling at Happy. “How have you been?” Steve asked and Tony leaned his head against Steve’s shoulder, glancing out the window at the city. Tony thought of Steve’s shield sitting in his lab and felt a pinch from an old wound.
And then there was Rhodey, who was brave and strong and tried to seem unaffected but Tony knew that there was hurting. Even if it was tightly sealed away.
"Isn't it a little late for a nighttime sketch?" Tony asked, his voice coming out gentle and without any accusation. The wind threatened to carry his words away.
“Are you mad that I left you a letter? Would you rather I dropped by to see my handiwork in person?” And the utter torment on Steve’s face was not anything he ever wanted to see. He didn’t even get any sick pleasure out of it. He just felt sick.
Tony stepped forward and put a hand on Steve’s arm, hoping that would provide some sort of solace. “It’s okay, the past is the past. Sometimes I think we just have to move on, even if it’s hard.” And damn, he didn’t remember being so wise. Maybe living for so long and seeing so many things finally made him sage beyond his years.
“I know, but I haven’t exactly been helping with the subtlety.” Tony admitted as he sat down beside Steve to remove his skates. Steve was already done and he was watching Tony with a distinctive furrowed brow. Apparently Tony had missed even that.
Tony took a step back with a grin pulling at his lips again, pronouncing his smile lines. "And you, my friend, you’re standing.”
It was dark and Tony couldn’t make out much, but there was a discernable figure in the shadows. One Tony could recognize even without bright lights.
They sat together, looking out with wide eyes and unanswerable questions. It felt like the very end or the very beginning. Which, Tony wasn’t sure.
Tony scoffed in an attempt to stifle a laugh. It was odd being able to joke about it now after their wounds had mostly healed. “I don’t have your same reservations. I think I would just try out the future. No flip phones, probably more holograms.” Tony joked, shrugging his shoulders. “In reality, I would let things play out as they should. We shouldn’t try to abuse these things, even if we really want to.”
“We should ditch this and go upstairs.” Tony murmured into his neck, pressing a warm kiss to the sensitive skin.
In the third week, Tony saved Steve’s life. The Black Order was a dangerous group, and they proved to be more powerful than most of their foes had ever been. One superhero was never out on their own and Tony had volunteered to go with Steve because the stubborn idiot thought he would be fine on his own.
Tony hadn’t gotten a reply from Steve. He was certain of this because for an entire week he had been glued to that stupid flip phone like a teenage girl waiting on her crush to finally respond.
“Alternate your weight on your feet and slide forward. It’s similar to rollerblading.” Steve did a lap around the skating rink and Tony followed him with his eyes, jaw going slack. Steve circled around and returned to Tony’s side, a small smile playing at his lips under the dim lighting from the street.
“Not to mention, who knows what Steve’s up to these days? He could be driving without a seatbelt or maybe kicking puppies.” Rhodey brainstormed and Tony shot him an unappreciative look.
Tony waved him off, glancing back just once more as he left. Steve always had a knack for reading his mind and that would explain why he was smiling comfortingly.
Tony turned his head toward Steve, biting back laughter at the sudden spark of jealousy. “You’re such a snoop, but don’t worry she doesn’t hold a candle to you, babe. Or an iPhone flashlight, because nobody really uses candle’s anymore.” He patted Steve’s back, attempting to be semi-comforting. “She’s harmless.”
“I’m falling.” Tony clung to Steve convinced that he was slipping despite not moving. Steve’s arms wrapped around his middle and kept him upright, anchoring him.
“How’s Peter? Tell me he’s not running off with the suit and causing mayhem.” Tony kicked the door to the refrigerator shut, not feeling all that hungry. He took his usual path to the coffee maker. He turned it on and listened to the little noises it made, he thought of Dum-E.
Natasha shrugged with just one shoulder, lifting and dropping it in a subtle movement. “Vision did wake up and then he flew away. We aren’t sure about his memories or anything like that, but he is alive. Or as alive as an android can be.” Tony opened his mouth to ask about Wanda but Natasha was already a step ahead of him. She usually was. “Wanda went after him, we are hoping she can bring him back and calm him down. It’s the only reason you didn’t get an even bigger lecture.”
Steve pulled Tony flush against himself, closing even the smallest of spaces lying between them. His lips were impatient against Tony’s and Tony could barely manage a breath between ferocious kisses that burned his lips.
It was about a week later that Tony came home to that party. He had been off for the whole day, busy defending the decision to pardon the Avengers. It had been tiring to say the least.
"I would probably say the same thing about working in my workshop but you wouldn't approve of that." Tony pointed out, taking a step closer, his feet pulling him forward without hesitation. "I am, however, much more lenient."
anything.” Tony’s head snapped up, and he ran a frustrated hand through his unruly hair. He caught a glimpse of himself in the cracked mirror behind the bar and quickly looked away. He looked like a mess with unruly hair and deep bags under his eyes.
In hindsight, unwinding with the one person who has the distinct capability of winding you up, not a great plan. But Steve was sitting on a ratty blue couch that had somehow ended up in the sleek compound and seemed almost natural in it’s place.
After that, there were more visits. Wanda would stop by to see Vision, and then she would leave. But she would always return to see him again. Tony only saw her in passing but he would always offer a smile and Wanda would always nod. Tony figured they had something close to an understanding and he settled for it.
Tony whirled around. He would never not recognize that damn voice. He was aware, in the back of his mind, that he was much too tired for this and it would definitely end badly.” Yeah?” Tony wondered if he sounded as tired as he felt, and if he did, he wanted Steve to pick up on it and leave him alone before things got ugly.
He chuckled, a deep rumble from in his chest. “But then I decided that I couldn’t rip them away from their home, so we tried to feed them when the store attendants weren’t looking? Yeah, how could I forget?” Steve wasn’t exactly sure why Tony was bringing it up until he looked up at the screen. His expression clouded with bemusement. “Oh, is that-?”
“Exactly, in a letter. Classy.” Tony said, sarcasm lacing his words. His eyebrows flicked upwards before dropping back down.
Tony shrugged. “I don’t care-” Before Tony could properly finish his thought, he was being dragged across the ice by an unbearably stubborn man that Tony had regretfully married.
Natasha and Steve were in the room in only a couple of seconds, FRIDAY probably alerting them of their presence. Everyone in the room was holding their breath.
“Nobody needs to be hurt, I just need the stone.” The alien smiled at him, wicked and pale, twirling the spear looking thing in it’s hand. It looked awfully sharp but Tony sure as hell wasn’t letting this thing get away with the time stone.
“Get the coffee going, would you FRIDAY?” Tony was on the search for paper towels when he forgot why he wanted them. Frustrated, he nearly ran a hand through his hair before remembering there were bandages in his way. Tony gave up and sat down at the counter.
Tony was sitting at Steve’s desk, staring off at a random space on the wall. He was part of the the half of the team stationed on Earth. Tony knew that didn’t make tactical sense when he had a suit of armor he had specifically designed for space. He would have gone if they had asked.
Tony nodded, tugging off his own skates and picking up the two pairs. He walked back over to the counter and leaned over to dump the skates behind it. He slipped on his shoes and walked back over to Steve who was giving him a startlingly obvious once-over. Not that Tony was complaining.
He thought he might have heard footsteps and people approaching him. He hoped they would see his smile and that would be enough to keep them going. Because the battle wasn’t over, they just had the advantage on the opposing team.
“You can’t quit, you haven’t even done anything.” Steve pointed out, fingers dancing across Tony’s hand in an irregular pattern.
“I don’t doubt that.” Steve murmured and his voice was low and suddenly very close to his ear. Tony knew that was playing dirty and he wasn’t going to last if they played that game.
“Well, you know what Clint, I don’t need to beat you at Mario Kart.” Tony crossed his arms over his chest, always childish when it came to losing in video games.
And it was a few minutes, probably closer to an hour, of absolute uncertainty and clumsy feet but after that Tony felt like he was beginning to get the hang of it. He felt more sure and suddenly the ice didn’t feel like his enemy. He still had that feeling like he was on the cusp of slipping up but he was more confident now that he could retain his balance. Tony tore away from Steve, still hanging onto his hand to make sure he wasn’t being overconfident but then he was skating by himself. It was still slow and hardly right form but it was working.
“Ross told me he wouldn’t deal with me if we were still dating since you are a criminal. Not just because of bad optics and the criminal thing but also because he thought that it would skew my judgment too much if we were still together. I couldn’t risk telling him to shove it and I was a little mad at the time, admittedly. So I told him we weren’t together anymore.” Tony explained, glancing over at Steve apologetically. He knew how much Steve had despised not being able to tell people about their relationship before. Even though the circumstances were impossibly different, Tony felt bad.
Tony dropped his chin in his hand, tapping his fingers against the counter as he waited. He turned his head and sure enough, he had forgotten all about the scotch he had ordered earlier. He was leaning over to get it when he heard footsteps walking towards him.
“Well, you found just the right partner. I think I’ve skated exactly one time, and I fell three times in the span of a few minutes.” Steve replied, leaning own and pressing a small but sweet kiss on Tony’s lips. Tony chased after it, even as Steve began to lean back.
Rhodey had a far off look in his eyes and he shook his head vigorously. “Some-some creature came into the compound Tony and he...he didn’t even do anything at all. He just
“I actually have a question, just to finally know before we get tossed into the heat of battle.” Tony took a small step forward, his eyes trying to figure Steve out. “Were you going to kill me?”
Steve didn’t seem so sure, and he glanced over at the stone and then back at Tony. “I know I woke up in another century and all that, but these stones are weird. Even for me.”
An explosion reverberated through the ground and it nearly threw Tony onto his back. His fists clenched so hard that his fingernails cut into his palm, little red moons formed on the roughened skin.
Speaking of Rogers, Tony hadn’t been seeing much of him around other than passing him in the hallway just once. He hadn’t been aware that Steve had come by at all, and Tony realized how just as soon as Steve passed by him without a word or even a cursory glance. Tony had paused in the hallway, throwing a glance over his shoulder to be sure he wasn’t seeing things. He was pretty sure he was the one who should be acting like a child and ignoring Steve, not vice versa.
night.” Tony stated, punctuating his words and looking up at Steve who seemed at least fairly amused. “Nothing is wrong. The world is rainbows and cupcakes. Actually, not cupcakes, what am I saying. Just cakes, I’m not wasting my time with less dessert than I could have. That’s inhumane, an abomination on a smaller scale. A small but important scale. Cupcakes are like children’s food, if you really stop to think about it, I mean, seriously-” Tony paused when Steve shook his head, all kind eyes and contained laughs.
But Tony was already walking away, and he couldn’t turn around. His eyes burned, and when he entered the compound again he thought of the shield still sitting in his storage room.
Natasha pulled away enough to give him an appraising look. “Don’t shoulder all the blame, we all had a part to play.” She patted his shoulder and pulled away fully. She began towards the couch to address Rhodey.
The ground scratched the skin on his forearms, causing it to peel and producing his blood for the broken ground underneath himself. His suit and his many backups were now loose parts and broken metal, leaving him vulnerable. That was the last thing on his mind.
Tony stepped past the glass doors leading to the balcony, the breeze brushing at his hair, his skin. It tugged at his clothes fruitlessly.
Tony turned his head again to fully enjoy the sight of Steve’s smile. He couldn’t help it, the smile begged for attention. “I’m not that old.” Steve pointed out without fervor. “But no, I wouldn’t. I couldn’t go back to having a flip phone.”
desk, a rush of impatience making him feel a bit like a child. But this whole situation was similar to that of siblings pulling at each others hair, so he figured it wasn’t out of place. "So, I’ll take that as a yes?”
“Do you trust me?” Tony asked without preamble and with the subtleness of a machine gun. He began to pull his arms away, first loosening his grip and then moving his hands back.
It had been a slow week, so when Rhodey had asked him to go grab coffees he hadn’t objected. He took his car to Starbucks and tossed on a baseball cap for guaranteed stealth. He hadn’t thought to bring comms because villains had been laying low and Tony couldn’t even remember the last time he was sent on a mission, no matter how silly.
Steve stumbled for a moment before establishing his balance and spinning back around towards Tony, nearly doubled over with laughter now. And Tony couldn’t find it in himself to be seriously frustrated, not with
“I’m just checking in on a disturbance at an infinity stone location. I doubt it’s anything.” It was never not anything these days. Tony hadn’t said that though.
A month of meeting other superheroes they had no idea existed and dividing their time between space and Earth. With global destruction at hand, the Accords were the last thing on anyone's mind.
“Bed.” Tony stuttered, his chest heaving. As someone who had their fair share of sleeping around it wasn’t fair that Steve was rendering him completely useless like this.
Tony chuckled, turning back towards the counter and the awfully nice bartender who Tony had noticed had been staring at him a little too long to be casual. “Sweetheart, do you mind getting me a drink? Preferably something strong.”
He was surprised he remembered as much since it was probable that he had a concussion. He did feel oddly mellow, if that was anything, and maybe he was a bit distracted.
Steve picked up the notepad he had been sketching on earlier and his pencil. He put the notepad in his lap, and twirled the pencil between his thumb and forefinger. He flipped through the scratchy pages filled with doodles. Mainly of Tony, sometimes of the team.
"I think you're just saying that." Steve murmured, obviously still enveloped in creating jumbles of scratch marks that would come together to be something jaw-dropping. Tony was fairly sure Steve was incapable of anything less.
Tony tried to memorize the exact blue of Steve’s eyes. The perfect golden hue of his hair in the moonlit room. The way the muscles in his back rippled underneath his feather-light touch. The shift in his expression when he was just raw pleasure and nothing else.
Tony pulled away, untangling a hand from Steve’s hair to place on his chest. He sucked in air gratefully, trying to steady himself and retain some composure if at all possible. But he couldn’t help his eyes from drifting down to Steve’s swollen, wet lips. He could still feel the scratch of Steve’s beard against his skin.
“Your legs?” Tony prompted, prepared to go to his workshop and grab a wrench to do the adjustments. He was probably already getting ready to go because Rhodey put a hand on his arm.
“Chocolates could be a start, followed up by a foot massage, and then maybe a carriage ride home. Or is that pushing the limits of your devotion to me?” Tony asked with a purposefully artificial smile.
The bartender smiled at him flirtatiously, before going to fetch him a drink. She seemed bubbly and happy, Tony resisted the urge to tell her to go find someone boring to fall in love with and avoid the mess Tony was going through at the moment.
“-are you even listening?” Rogers was shaking his head now, obviously both aggravated and exasperated. That was probably Tony’s fault. “What you did was dangerous, Stark. You had no idea what that jewel would do, and yet you acted impulsively. All reason pointed to that jewel being harmful or something that could have hurt everyone, alright? The Black Order does not sound like an Avengers fan club, and you shouldn’t have done anything they wanted you to do.”
“I think I can piece it together on my own.” Steve assured him, handing Tony the coffee he he had forgotten he was still holding in his hands. Tony took it gratefully, taking a sip.
“Why are you assuming that’s me?” Tony asked, standing up and patting Rhodey’s back. He tried to contain a smile, he didn’t want to seem too happy.
“If we only have a night, let’s make it at least somewhat memorable. There’s a place I want to show you.” Tony dragged Steve’s head down to his ear, pressing a kiss to the edge of his cheek. “I missed you.” He whispered, before pulling away fully and straightening out his clothes.
“I was..trying to figure some things out on my own but-” Steve sighed, pulling at his hair. Tony thought it looked painful. “I think it would be good for the team get together and bond?”
“Off.” Tony urged, reaching for the latches on Steve’s uniform. He had designed it himself and yet he couldn’t seem to remember how to work it. Steve chuckled under his breath but helped Tony out and began to remove the uniform, brushing Tony’s fingers away.
“No.” It wasn’t harsh or rude even, but definite and not leaving room for discussion. Which by Steve standards meant it was definitely going to be discussed anyway.
Steve looked a little puzzled. “What?” He asked, pushing his hair down from where it was beginning to stick up. Tony noticed that his hood had fallen down and realized his own hood must have fallen down too. It was a good thing that the skating rink was so dark.
Rhodey smiled, taking a step towards the communal kitchen. “Come on, let’s get some food in you.” He led the way and Tony followed, wondering why there was blood on his shoes. He figured it would be fine, he could just clean it off.
After a few minutes, Steve finally stepped away, eyes unreadable. Tony opened his mouth to say something but Steve was too faraway to hear him. He was somewhere where the road they had stepped on wasn't an option.
Here was Steve, standing in front of him a free man just months after leaving him alone in a bunker in Siberia with a broken suit and a bloody face. But Tony took in trauma by the dozen these days, so he tried to not dwell on Siberia too much.
Tony felt far away when fingers cupped his jaw and he was pulled into someone's arms. Tony knew, even before he tilted his head up and got a clear view, who it was.
“I’ve got nowhere to be.” Steve answered, and that tore a laugh out of Tony. It was short lived but it coaxed a smile out of Steve.
The city was awake without being intrusive and shining lights reflected on the canvas of the sky. It seemed a sight worthy of a photograph or a sketch.
His teammates were all around, each fighting an impossible battle. Tony knew full well only one mattered.
Steve took a step forward, clearing his throat. “I didn’t want to have to wait to fight crime until I got approval by a bunch of bureaucrats that have no idea what we deal with.” He sighed. “But I won’t deny that Bucky affected my decision. You weren’t wrong, he is my blindspot.”
"That’s what you came for, right? You can take it and you can leave. Or better yet, shove it up your star spangled ass.” Tony had imagined dealing with Steve with more poise than that.
“You’re not.” Steve skated them over to the side of the rink, waiting until Tony grabbed the railing before letting him go. He did a little spin for show and Tony rolled his eyes.
“The Accords weren’t ideal and god knows I didn’t do the best job of making my case for them but it meant we all got to stay together. It meant something like Sokovia might never happen again. And that was enough for me.” Tony raked a hand through his hair, fingernails brushing against his scalp. “I’m usually the last person to go with the government, I literally had to fight them tooth and nail to keep my Iron Man suit, but this time I was willing to go along.”
“And that is why you and Dum-E have a weird bond. I get it now. You’re both in the Party Pooper club.” Tony pressed the button that would take them to Steve’s floor. Steve liked his harder mattress more than Tony’s soft one and Steve found it endearing that Tony always remembered the small things.
“This isn’t about being Avengers anymore. Every single one of you is here to save the Earth, to save the universe. This officially goes beyond your petty fighting and differences, this goes beyond the team. You all need to trust each other even if you don’t want to. And you’re going to trust any new super people you meet. That’s how this works, Sam.” Fury placed his hands on the table, leaning over and giving them each a one-eyed stare. “Am I clear?”
Tony’s suit flew to his body and materialized into his armor in mere seconds. He stepped in front of Steve and held up a repulsor, charged and ready to fire.
“Tony! Stay with me, come on. I can’t lose you.” Steve’s fingers curled around his chin and Tony caught sight of him again. In his last moments he decided there was no place he’d rather be.
Steve watched him like he’s was feral cat that might scratch him if he stepped too close. He kept his distance, and he didn’t even glance at his old shield sitting on the table. “Not my taste.” He deadpanned.
“Because I’m dating Captain America. So I win. Game over.” Tony stood and dropped his controller dramatically. Steve dropped Tony’s coffee mug at the same time.
“Why not?” Clint asked, raising his eyebrows doubtfully. He was lounging back against the couch, controller already forgotten somewhere between the cushions.
There were rare occasions when he would wake up and forget he was in the future. He remembered fairly quickly, but those first few seconds would shake him to the core. On day’s like those, he wouldn’t leave his bed for hours and he’d miss his morning jog. He’d let his feelings out onto the blank pages of his sketchpad before getting up and starting the day.
“Alright, feet out for speed and in to slow down.” Steve demonstrated and Tony watched him with raised eyebrows. He wasn’t going to be able to pull that off and he knew it but he couldn’t bear to admit it to Steve. He flashed a thumbs up.
“I didn’t know he was coming.” Rhodey’s voice traveled through the stale air. Tony rolled his head to the side and watched his best friend. Rhodey didn’t know everything about Siberia, but he knew a little. He knew about Tony’s parents and he knew there was a fight of some sort, but that’s all Tony had told him. And here he was, with a caring face despite that.
“What?” Steve asked mechanically and Tony couldn’t peg any anger which meant it was being carefully disguised. Tony had a feeling Steve would already know his response.
Tony pulled Rhodey up by his elbows, holding firm to let Rhodey know that he wouldn’t let him fall. Tony looked up at him with a sly grin. "How are you feeling?”
“No reason. Oh wait, maybe because my husband decided he’d rather be a war criminal than spend time with me.” Tony laid his head down on his folded arms. “Give me the scotch back.”
“Right, I know, but it’s been 242 days.” Steve complained, dropping his head on Tony’s shoulder. Tony buried a hand in Steve’s hair, gently massaging his scalp. He could sympathize. Really, what was the harm? It was far too dark for anyone to see them and Tony was just going to embarrass himself skating anyway.
He was only a few feet closer now and he contemplated yelling above the noise surrounding them. It wasn’t hard to make a decision. “Steve!”
Tony was probably going to get hostility until he gave in to Steve and his stupid insistence that they talk everything out. Tony would probably bend, he knew himself well enough to not kid himself but he probably wouldn’t bend as soon as Steve wanted him too.
He didn’t even think to be mad at her for playing both sides in their petty war. Considering the fact that he had been wrong, he certainly had no right to be.
Steve shrugged helplessly, gaze shifting to the side before being drawn back to Tony. “I figured it’s a start. And I’m not Capt-”
Tony turned his head when he heard the boom of Thanos’ voice. His fingers instinctively clutched tighter around Steve’s limp body.
Everything about the way Steve looked at him, so unlike he ever had before. It was surreal to say the least. His attention was so solely focused on him that it alone could steal his breath away.
“Stark.” Tony looked up, knowing that voice all too well. Standing in front of him in the flesh was Barton, looking royally pissed off. Tony pushed Dum-E towards the door to go help Peter.
“I think there might be a party here soon. I should probably finally go get Dum-E, right? He wouldn’t want to miss it.”
“We are not racing. No, Steve-” Steve tore away from Tony and Tony’s grasp slipped up. Steve was already way ahead but Tony was not letting that dishearten him. Tony pushed forward, and he really had improved because he wasn’t falling and he was speeding up by some miracle.
On those nights, Steve would usually refrain from bothering Tony. He didn’t love the fact that he stayed up so late and lived off minimal amounts of sleep and loads of coffee but he didn’t know if it was his place to say anything. They were together but they hadn’t been for long. Steve wasn’t exactly sure what they were, he wasn’t even sure if he could call Tony his boyfriend. Their teammates didn’t even know about their relationship.
He had managed to capture Tony’s essence with his confident posture and pronounced smile lines. Steve had been recalling a moment from earlier in the day when he had made a dumb joke that had gotten a surprised but amused laugh out of Tony, who had thrown his head back and looked more carefree than he had in awhile.
Steve’s eyes flickered to the table for the first time then. "I don’t want it back.” Steve had eloquence and poise like he dealt with situations such as these every weekend. Tony wanted to throw the shield at his face. He figured it was a good thing he hadn’t kept it in his hands.
He bent to pick it up and whirled to face Steve, tossing it onto the table. The clang it sent through the room bounced off the walls. Tony watched Steve for a reaction, not sure what he was expecting but a blank gaze definitely wasn’t it.
“Yeah, that stubborn man was never going to be down for too long. I was good at figuring out the technical parts of it, but some of his recovery was beyond my control, and that sucked.” Tony muttered the last bit, inclining his head towards Steve.
"I should get some sleep. I have to get some paperwork done and I'm sure Fury has missions lined up."
“I think we need to talk.” Steve informed him, words careful and calculated like they usually were these days. Rapid-fire arguments were a thing of the past but Tony thought they were about to make a comeback.
“Where are we going exactly?” Arms wrapped around Tony’s waist from behind and Tony leaned into them without a thought. He wondered briefly how covert they really were, his eyes flickered around but found no signs of attention from anyone in particular.
Of course, Steve didn’t care about that because he had Erskine's serum and that meant he was incapable of dying.
Steve huffed a laugh. “No need.” He picked up a blanket sitting on the armrest and draped it over them before scooting closer to Tony and wrapping an arm around him. Tony set his cup of coffee aside and burrowed closer in response. His head fell against Steve’s chest.
Tony looked over at Vision, sitting on the couch and staring off into space. His clothes looked itchy and he sat as if someone was forcing his back to stay straight. Tony had seen him outside Wanda’s old room on more than one occasion.
“I’m sorry everything went so wrong.” Tony whispered into her hair, closing his eyes and just enjoying her embrace for a few seconds.
Tony dug his free hand into his pocket and withdrew his ring. He released Steve’s hand to slip the ring onto his finger. “This is a forever thing, okay?”
It was 3 A.M. and Steve couldn’t stop tossing and turning. He was exhausted, he could feel it in his bones, but his mind kept poking and prodding when he closed his eyes. An easy solution would be finding Tony.
Their breaths mingled together, and Steve only moved away when Tony’s tongue had thoroughly explored every inch of his mouth and he need a full breath of air. Tony’s lips were still well within striking distance as he did so, and they were red and shiny from the kiss.
Tony summoned all the energy he had left and reached his free hand up to put on Steve’s neck. “I should have said this last night but I was afraid. I’m not afraid anymore.” Tony pulled Steve’s head down and put his lips to his ear.
“You leave a trail like a raccoon.” Rhodey said, picking up on Tony’s shift in mood. Tony always did have see-through skin. “Are you sure you’re good? You’re being weird.”
"Oh." Tony couldn't manage anything intelligible to say. He tried to avoid looking into Steve's eyes but it was growing increasingly difficult.
Tony wanted to kiss it away, so he did. “We are leaving the past in the past tonight, yeah?” If they started to think too hard, their little life raft was bound to sink.
magic.” Tony turned his head so he wasn’t thinking so much about how close Steve’s face was. It didn’t help, Tony was hyper aware of Steve’s gaze locked onto him. “But time is a pretty cool thing to manipulate. Would you ever try it? Go back to the 1700’s?”
Tony couldn’t have hid his glee at her appearance if he had tried. Even FRIDAY had sounded excited when announcing her presence to the rest of the compound. Vision was still awkwardly making his way down the stairs and Rhodey was on the couch when he saw her.
Steve didn’t look back at him, his eyes anywhere else. “So you want to really talk now? About everything?”
Steve still felt a rush of gratitude nonetheless, and he pulled Tony back towards himself once he was within arm’s reach. “Thank you.” He buried a soft kiss in Tony’s hair.
“Well?” The sharpness in his voice surprised even himself. His hands gestured artlessly towards the table and the shield sitting on top of it, still supporting claw marks from an angry king.
“Are you staying?” He asked her, not turning around. He stared at his feet as he waited for her reply.
Tony headed back towards the bar, hoping he didn’t look bad. He pushed his hair back and swiped his sleeve over his lips for good measure. He saw Rhodey sitting at the bar, and by the looks of it, he was playing a game on his phone.
“I’m just a really lucky guy, I guess.” Tony rolled his eyes and gently prodded at his head, feeling a nasty cut beneath his fingers. He winced and lowered his hand, containing a grimace.
Conversations with Ross never went much further than that, and when Tony was greeted with silence he ended the call with an empty bottomless feeling. He turned his head and stared out the window where birds flew without a metal suit.
“I’m dating Captain America, I think I’ll live.” Tony pressed closer to him and Steve could hear his heartbeat. “Now go to sleep.”
Tony pushed forward. “And then there was the airport debacle, and really all I wanted was to keep you and your team from becoming criminals. I wanted you guys to stay and not give up being Avengers.” Tony shook his head, fingers tightening around the desk and turning his knuckles white. “If we could’ve just talked, I would have been on your side and Rhodey wouldn’t be-” Tony trailed off, his eyes dropping to the desk. “As soon as I realized I was wrong, I came to help you.”
“Where have you been? And-” Rhodey paused once he lifted his head and took in Tony’s appearance. “What happened to you?” He asked suspiciously.
Steve must have read his thoughts because he winced, and looked away. His hands began to rub together in front of himself. “Don’t thank me for that.” He muttered under his breath, Tony barely picked up on the words.
I want to clear up two things. First, Ebony Maw is the member of the Black Order that convinces Vision to take out his mind gem. I realized that I never stated that specifically. Second, the fire is Adam Warlock and this ending vaguely follows the comics when Adam Warlock turns Thanos into granite.
“You know what sucks? The only way me and Rogers know how to communicate is through verbal lashings and arguments and I don’t even get any makeup sex out of it.” Tony stated, sitting back up again. If stayed laying down he would undoubtedly fall asleep. He was feeling oddly lethargic.
“Oh, um, you mean the whole thing with...Vision? Is he okay? Did he wake up?” Tony made to get up but Rogers was in his way and he was an immovable wall of muscles. He saw Natasha standing off to the side, watching them with unreadable eyes.
Tony leaned into it while simultaneously pushing at Steve’s chest. Steve backed up enough for Tony to get a word out. “We did not wait this long to not make it to the bedroom.” Tony cleared his throat. “You up for a mission?”
“I’ll accept that.” Steve decided, and tugged at Tony’s hand, using it to draw him closer. “And I understand, I’m just a little frustrated.”
“Of course, Captain America already swooping back in with his stupid team bonding. Seriously, that’s your plan? And things will magically be better?”
When Tony finally made it to Steve’s side, he collapsed beside him. He lifted his bloodied, shaky arm to put against the faded star on Steve’s chest, searching for movement. He thought his own heart might have stopped beating.
There was a sudden burst of light and Tony lifted Steve’s shield to deflect it and stop it from blinding him. Once the surge passed, Tony lowered the shield and looked around. He thought the dust might be receding. He thought everything looked brighter. He thought that this might be what rebirth looked like.
That was their team. And there was himself of course but Tony didn’t even want to begin to delve into that. He picked up his mug once it was full, and brought it to his lips to take a sip.
Tony really wished Ross would explain it to him, because he felt like the puzzle was missing a piece from the set. “Then how does it work?”
Tony had a sense when it came to the bad days, most likely because he wasn’t immune to them either. He’d hang out around Steve more than usual, probably resisting the urge to ditch him for his workshop. He’d listen when Steve gave orders out on the field and he wouldn’t object or blatantly disobey.
And after standing there, probably looking like the fool that he was, he had just turned and left without a word. His mind raced at a mile a minute, and he felt like his heart might break his rib cage. He went to the kitchen, mindlessly turning on the coffee machine, and leaning his hip against the counter. He tilted his head back and it hit the cool stainless steel of the refrigerator door.
He greeted her with a toothy grin, which she returned in the form of a small quirk at the corner of her mouth. He felt the need to pull her into a hug, but he simply waited for her to get within a couple of feet and considered her fondly.
Tony always burnt those omelets, but he got up anyway, a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth that felt too heavy to cooperate. He pushed away that hatred as he did so, he had to face the music he had put on the record player. Even if it sounded like screeching cats and grandmothers clanging pots together.
Rhodey nodded, focus wrinkling his forehead. "Good, I think. This feels almost too easy.” He lifted his gaze from where they were attached to his feet.
“I deserved it, don’t worry your pretty little head about it so much.” Tony could sense Steve’s frown of righteous indignation without even looking at him. He brought his drink to his lips and swallowed about half of the cup in one go before putting it down.
Steve’s smile shined from his eyes. “You don’t know that I will help anyone cross the street.” Steve walked around the counter and helped Tony out of the stool he had been sitting on with a hand on his back.
Steve’s hands moved down to Tony’s belt, working it open and tossing it aside. Tony was about to mutter something about how Steve was awfully eager when his tongue slipped into Tony’s mouth and effectively silenced the words.
“Still bossy, even in bed.” Tony shrugged off his jacket. He tugged his shirt over his head which sent his hair falling into his eyes. He pushed the uncooperative strands away, wondering when he got a haircut last.
Tony wasn’t sure exactly how much time had passed. He wasn’t sure exactly how long he had been staring at the flip phone. He was aware that he could just ask FRIDAY but he really didn’t want to know.
When he really thought about it, there was honestly no person he trusted more. And that was more significant than Tony wanted to give it credit for.
After a particularly sharp bite and messy kiss, Tony tugged at Steve’s hair, lifting his head and reclaiming his lips. Tony attempted to wrap his legs around Steve but remembered the skates on his feet. He pulled away from Steve with a laugh.
“You trust me? Have you even forgiven me?” Steve asked, his expression guarded but like it would just take the right words to open him up.
Steve loomed above him, looking far more concerned than what Tony thought to be healthy. “Are you okay?” He stretched his hand out towards Tony and Tony took it but instead of pulling himself up, he pulled Steve down beside him.
“You know, I’m really glad Rhodey is doing well. Even walking again, and from what I heard that’s a miracle.” Steve commented offhandedly, obviously trying to warm Tony up to him while also changing the subject. Tony considered lashing out, but that wouldn’t have helped anyone, and it would have been completely unfair.
“We have to do something.” Tony stared at the burner in one of his hands and the jewel in the other. Steve would tell him not to, but he couldn’t just sit back when he could do something.
He noticed Steve’s staring and looked down, seeing the scars marring his chest. Tony was used to seeing them in the mirror, he’d had them for so many years now. He used to look at the arc reactor and wonder how he truly lived with the piece of metal in his chest. And now without it, he was still the reminded of its existence. Tony never thought to be embarrassed of it.
"It'll be worth it." Tony could tell from the sound of scratching against paper that Steve was nearly done. His strokes were longer, more assured. Just for good measure.
Steve was looking at him now, and Tony couldn’t tell exactly what was running through his head but he thought he saw hints of regret.
a party going on. I was sent to go grab some pretzels by Sam, who I don’t think likes me all that much.” Peter shrugged, smiling at Tony one more time before walking off. Tony watched him go with raised eyebrows before shaking his head and entering the room.
“Later. Somewhere less cold and more private than this.” Steve whispered to Tony and Tony couldn’t help but begrudgingly admit that that would be more enjoyable. But not out loud.
“Tony? Babe, wake up. You’re going to break your back sleeping like that.” Steve reached over the counter and gently shook Tony’s arm.
“That you are actually a soft-hearted and misunderstood genius?” Steve laid down on the bed with a sigh, pulling Tony down with him without any difficulty.
“I don’t know.” Natasha seemed confused herself, and she slowly picked herself up off the floor. “I don’t remember anything.”
Tony silently pondered what the chances were that he would meet Steve Rogers. What the chances were that he would let him die. Both seemed so impossible.
“I wouldn’t miss our anniversary.” Steve gripped him equally as tight, gentle but strong. His fingers dug into Tony’s sides, hard enough to hurt, but it only made everything feel more real. He lifted Tony off of his feet and Tony felt alive for the first time in almost a year.
” Tony needed Steve to hear him. He needed a hint. After everything Tony had faced, he couldn’t bear this as well, and so he pushed forward.
“Good.” Tony said decidedly, leaned forward and pushing himself onto his tiptoes to steal a kiss from Steve’s lips, shivering when Steve’s beard rubbed against his skin. It was unfamiliar but not unwelcome. Now he knew how Steve felt when they kissed before.
And Tony knew he had done it, even as he fell back and hit the ground. Even as his suit fell around him in shambles.
Tony wasn’t sure how it happened. And when it was happening, he was still going through the stages of shock. He vaguely remembered someone explaining the logistics of it to him, but he hadn’t been listening all that well.
Steve rolled his eyes from his place in the kitchen. He was leaning against the island, watching the screen and keeping an eye on Tony’s coffee. Tony had a growing fear that a ninja was after his coffee and Steve was on watch because Tony “couldn’t let Clint’s ego go unchecked”. Steve was pretty sure the ninja was just Natasha.
“But do you trust me?” Tony noted that Steve did seem fairly surprised by Tony’s earlier admission but of course he was already moving forward and past that.
Steve, always the gentleman, even in times of crisis. Tony squinted at him like he was crazy, because he was, but his eyes also felt bleary so that probably had something to do with it. “Uh, yeah, I gue-” He began, lifting his hands and feeling bandages around his head.
Rhodey was probably teasing him because he had a concussion anyway, so he wasn’t about to take his words at face value.
“Two. Can’t be a playboy anymore. You are totally and completely taken.” Steve curled his arms around Tony and shifted so his cheek was pressing into Tony’s curly hair. Tony obviously hadn’t gotten a haircut in a while but Steve didn’t mind it.
“Boss, there’s somebody here.” FRIDAY spoke up, her voice was gentle but Tony still jumped up. He raised his hand as if to summon his armor but quickly dropped it again. He squinted at the clock in the corner of Steve’s office. It was only 9, which meant Tony had slept for about half an hour and that was slumped over new tech upgrades for the team.
Tony’s fingers tightened around the loose strands of hair on Steve’s head as they threatened to slip from his fingers. Almost as if Steve might slip from his fingers.
“Don’t apologize.” Tony put up his hand up to stop him from uttering the two words Tony wanted to hear least in the world. He sighed and walked out of the storage room, enjoying the fresh air outside as he did so. It was beginning to feel fever hot in the storage room.
“They’re criminals Stark, and you know that. Yet every week you call me and ask for me to pull strings to pardon them.” Ross sounded like he had negativity exiting through his pores.
“Yeah.” Steve agreed with a sigh, leaning forward and kissing Tony again. It was short and sweet and Tony savored it like a dehydrated man might savor a couple of drops of water. Not nearly enough to quench his thirst, but it was a start.
But for all he could do, he couldn’t have predicted this. Because while Steve was good and pure, Tony was tarnished and broken. Because they could never agree on one single thing. Because in Siberia, Tony Stark thought he was going to die by the hands of someone he trusted for the second time in his life.
Tony looked up when he saw a shadow form in the doorway. Steve stood there, fingers clutching the door jamb, he didn’t ask what Tony was doing there. Tony didn’t offer an answer.
Tony was no stranger to the press, his whole life had basically been a big press tour, but it hit a little too close to home when he had to listen to complete morons comment on things they didn’t understand.
“-ony! Please, please, you’re alright. Oh god.” Steve’s arms curled around his bleeding stomach, trying to staunch the blood flow. Tony knew it was too late for that. His head fell to the side and he caught sight of Peter and he seemed to be crying.
“It has been a long day.” Tony was his only admittance, even though his jaw felt like it was on fire when he cracked a smile. “Have you been giving these people crazy amounts of alcohol?”
“First of all, try being a little quieter.” Rhodey sighed and eyed Tony warily. “Look, I know that the situation sort of sucks, but aren’t you working on things with Ross?”
“He’s in cryo. He thought it was best, so that no one else got hurt.” Steve’s voice was clipped and precise, and Tony regretted bringing it up. Not just because Steve obviously still had some choice feelings on Barnes’ decision, but also because memories of Siberia were pushing to the forefront of his mind.
And then Rhodey took off to go talk to Sam, while Tony shook his head and stared down at the drink. He felt like he hadn’t had one in years. With all the stress of the Accords, he had needed his head together. But it was a party, and after the day he had had, unwinding wouldn’t hurt.
“Tony they are one step closer to having all of the stones because of you!” Steve backed away a couple of steps and ran a hand over his face. His eyes were scrunched together with irritation.
“Does it still count as a half-assed anniversary present?” Tony asked, reaching over the broken counter to get two pairs of skates. Once he got a hold of them, lifted them over the counter and handed a pair to Steve. “I didn’t exactly know you were coming.”
“It’s really more of a thank you. For introducing me to disco in the best possible way.” Steve put his hand on Tony’s knee and Tony forced himself to tear his gaze away from the drawing.
“I’m alright.” Vision started, his words slow but sure. He nodded, his lips almost forming a smile, but that was short lived as it faded before it had even appeared. Vision looked at each of them in turn, his face grim. “But the Earth isn’t.”
“I didn’t think you’d come.” Tony breathed, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck and holding tight once they were away from prying eyes. He closed his eyes, he couldn’t even begin to put into words how much he had missed Steve’s presence. The steady beating of his heart was a comfort Tony hadn't been aware he was seeking. Tony would have dismissed the whole situation as a fantasy if it weren't for Steve solid and real beneath his fingertips.
“You’re insatiable.” Steve leaned down and caught Tony’s lips in a gentle but sweet kiss. He meant to make it chaste, not wanting to disrupt Tony’s drowsy state. He was readying to pull away when Tony began pressing back, eager for more, and Steve was more than willing to give.
“I said probably.” Tony leaned into his touch for a moment before slipping away to get rid of the pot of coffee. Steve couldn’t have hid his surprise if he had wanted to.
Steve rolled over in bed, glancing over at the glowing digits on the clock sitting on his bedside table. He sighed, and flipped back onto his back. He drummed his fingers against his chest, realizing vaguely that he picked that habit up from Tony.
“Why would you go and ruin the suit I put so much time into?” Tony asked, reaching his hand out to touch the place where the star was still outlined. Rogers caught his hand, his grip tight enough to focus up Tony’s brain.
The weather was a crooked line between chilly and cold and Tony knew his thin pajamas wouldn't keep him warm. He didn't mind.
“I’ll be fine, I’ll be back by morning. And I think I managed a pretty good cover, that is until you yelled my name in the bar. And that was after trying to hit me with your drink.” Steve said accusingly, but he looked amused.
Steve shook his head and stared at Tony who was fast asleep with his arms pillowing his head. Steve knew the position was going to result in an aching back but he also knew it was hard to get Tony to sleep in the first place. Steve was going to have to take his chances.
Steve smiled sadly, as if he was already expecting that answer, and then he turned and left without another word. Tony stared down at the shield and thought of betrayal that he had been trying to avoid. He tried very hard, once Steve was gone, to let it in and let it go. He thought it might be working, because he felt lighter.
“You forgot like three nouns.” Tony mumbled into Steve’s chest, and Steve glanced down to find his eyes already closed.
Steve looked hurt, like Tony’s words had sliced a cut right through him and it was a long road to recovery. His eyes were wide with shock. “No,
“We’re home.” Tony said excitedly, pushing the door open. He kicked it closed behind them with his foot and without warning he was being pushed backwards. Tony’s back collided with the door just as Steve stepped forward and pressed a demanding kiss against his pliant lips.
“Several. Promise.” Tony affirmed, and Steve covered Tony’s hand with his own before tugging it towards his lips for a soft kiss placed on his palm.
“Thanks, Happy.” Steve said with a grateful smile and Tony only smiled as they exited the car. The compound looked relatively dark as they walked up to it and Tony wondered how late they had stayed out.
"It's never too late." Steve turned towards Tony, and Tony could finally see the smile he had been picturing moments before. It seemed brighter and more lively presented before him.
“You’re going to pay for that.” Tony declared, his back hitting the bed as he landed on top of it. Steve fell down on top of him, catching himself on his forearms and hovering over him.
“That’s sort of the point of a surprise.” Steve reasoned, and Tony felt heated as Steve’s gaze roamed over him. Apparently it didn't matter how much time they spent apart, Steve always had that same intoxicating effect on him.
He was on some sort of bed, maybe a couch, and above him were two very disapproving faces. He blinked heavily, trying to make them out but the red hair and the broad shoulders were dead giveaways.
He ran his tongue along his teeth, wondering how much longer it would be until sleep finally came. He couldn’t even bring himself to get up and go to the gym. Steve sat up and switched on the lamp on his bedside table. Tony always reminded him that he could just ask FRIDAY to turn it on for him. Steve hated doing that, it felt wrong, so he always turned it on manually and Tony always smiled.
It was dreadfully slow progress, and Tony knew there were other Avengers he should be looking out for. Problem was that amongst whirling winds and explosions, he couldn’t see anyone else. He could only see Steve.
He dreamt of the cold and Siberian huskies. He couldn’t decide if the huskies were more like dogs or wolves, but when he approached them they jumped on him and nuzzled at his neck. He felt a stinging pain and realized they were just getting close to sink their teeth in.
He went off to help Peter more than once. He worried about the kid more than he cared to admit and wanted desperately to do right by him in a way no father figure had done for him. But the amount of trouble that kid got into was unreasonable, and that was by Tony standards.
He looked good but so different. If Tony didn’t know him so well, he might not have recognized him. He had overgrown hair that was beginning to look more dirty than blonde. And Tony couldn’t miss the newfound beard that was gracing Steve’s chin. But none of it really mattered, the differences were nominal and insignificant.
“Yeah, I hate Ross too. He’s like the Grinch but at least the Grinch actually had like a serious heart problem and he couldn’t exactly be blamed. Ross has no heart shrinkage and still manages to be a terrible and unreasonable human being.” Tony leaned into Steve once they stopped outside the empty skating rink.
The first week after Vision lost his stone, everyone was on high alert, and yet nothing happened. They conferred in the compound, trying to figure out what was going on.
“It’s a tragedy.” Natasha affirmed, her smile growing almost imperceptibly, before she stepped out of the room in the same direction as Steve.
“Happy? I didn’t call Happy.” Tony frowned and turned his head to look at Steve who just shrugged in response, feigning innocence. “You used my phone. You're supposed to be laying low.” Tony felt a pang of worry.
"Would you like me to move?" Steve asked, and Tony's body urged him to move closer while his mind urged him away.
“Maybe.” Vision stated thoughtfully, a very rare smile appeared on the android. “Do you think they will come home?” He sounded awfully hopeful.
They had gone to the location and nothing seemed disturbed. Tony frowned and looked down at the green stone. The time stone. Doctor Strange, who was a nice fellow with an amazing beard, hadn’t fought them on keeping it somewhere safe. He had seemed reluctant though.
And Tony fought, not like he would in a usual battle. Usually he would fight with vigor, with determination. This time he was fighting the winning battle, and he wasn’t going to lose. It wasn’t with vigor and determination, or even perseverance. It was with single minded focus. He put in every single thing he had. Every thread of energy, every ounce of anger, every drop of sadness that he had bottled up.
"Patience is a virtue." Steve reminded Tony, sounding almost smug. Tony felt something foreign pull at the corner of his lip.
“And apparently you're still picky, even in bed.” Steve hooked his arms under Tony’s thighs and picked him up, moving them to the bed. Tony let out a breathy laugh, holding back a very unmanly noise at being picked up and taken to bed like a blushing bride.
“I’m not mad.” Steve finally said after a few moments of silence, sounding almost completely genuine. Tony blinked in surprise but took the chance for what it was.
Tony knew that he probably could have reacted better than he did. He probably shouldn’t have just stood there, meeting Steve’s gaze with complete silence. When he imagined it in his head, he was either shouting out all his anger or listening to Steve explain himself while remaining cool and level headed.
His second was to go down to the communal kitchen. He settled on the latter and the elevator took him down to the floor once he stepped inside. It was quiet when he stepped off the lift and that wasn’t unusual considering the time but it still made Steve feel uneasy. He was used to the bustle of the team lighting the room, but in the dark it was eerie and it made Steve’s skin crawl.
The party turned out to be a success, even if Tony was dead on his feet by the very end of it. Some of the team stuck around to go watch a movie, others went off to their rooms, and a couple of people called it a night and left the compound altogether. Tony had even called Happy to pick Peter up hours in advance.
“Mind being a little less subtle than that? Clint and I have already begun placing bets on when the tabloids are going to come out.” Rhodey rolled his eyes, eyeing the scotch on the counter with disdain. He was slowly inching it away from Tony.
Sam was the next to return to the compound, his mouth bubbling apologies to Rhodey. And Rhodey had been gracious, more gracious than Tony could have ever been. And then he had showed Sam how he could walk with undeniable pride.
Dum-E rolled up while he was distracted looking around at their mess of a group, gathered and actually talking, in a room lit with an array of colors. He thought he spotted every face from the old team. Except Thor and Banner but nobody was sure about what those two were up to these days.
“Should I have brought a suit?” Tony glanced down at his ratty old jeans and beaten up AC/DC t-shirt. He was fairly certain there was motor oil in his overgrown hair.
Steve turned his head up, a small smile brightening his face. It made Tony’s insides melt. Steve was attractive, that much was obvious, but underneath the stars he was breathtaking. Much to Tony’s dismay, he turned his head back down and finished tying the laces on Tony’s skates.
They sat like that, enjoying each other’s company and sharing each other’s space. Tony was off in the world of the movie but Steve only looked over at the screen a couple of times. He was fine just sitting and watching Tony, wanting to sketch every shift in his expression. A look of surprise when a secret was unveiled, even though Steve was certain Tony had already seen the movie countless times. A frown when things took a turn for the worse. A smile when a character cracked a joke.
“Sometimes I wish Natasha would send me a warning via Morse code before we got new visitors.” New visitors translucently meant Steve, Rhodey wasn’t too dense to pick up on that, and he spared him a comforting half-smile.
Tony gestured to the edge of the room where a shield sat, ready and waiting. Steve shot Tony an exasperated look, but went over and picked up the shield regardless with a goofy smile. “‘Nomad’s Frisbee’? Nice touch.”
Steve took the pair of skates and sat down on one of the rattly benches. “I don’t need a present, being with you is enough.” Steve said with a shrug, his long hair getting in his eyes when he bent down to tie the laces on his skates.
Steve went straight to the communal floor and made a quick pit stop in the kitchen to grab coffee for Tony, which wasn’t exactly a time saver but a necessity. It was always the easiest way to win his forgiveness.
Steve looked down at the paint smudges covering his shirt, and considered changing but then he would be even tardier than he already was.
“Well, he went back to pissed and yelled at me. Thanks for being there and defending my honor.” Rhodey waited until Tony grew tired and let his hands fall uselessly at his sides, allowing him to wrap up his head. It made him feel foolish, like a kid who had hit their head on something stupid like a pole.
He spun Tony around without warning and wrapped his arms back around him from behind. Tony leaned into Steve indulgently, and even on ice Steve was practically immovable. “So we are going to stay like this? You won’t hear me complaining.”
“Then watch the movie.” Tony quipped, his lips curving back into a smile. Clint was about to make another witty comment of his own when Natasha put a hand on his arm and pointed out something unfolding on the screen.
Tony rolled his eyes, fully aware Steve couldn’t see it since he was turned away but he didn’t want to turn around. “Now
According to what was written there, Thor had come into contact with another one of the stones. Apparently it was even more powerful than the mind stone. Tony tapped his fingers against the edge of the table with an unstable rhythm.
Tony could feel Steve’s smile against his head and could feel his breath against his hair. Tony was content to just stay like this, surrounded by Steve’s warmth and overwhelming presence.
Steve turned his head to look at Tony. “I have to fight.” He said as he stood up, obviously having much more strength left in him than Tony. Tony barely had the energy to keep sitting up without Steve’s arm around his back.
When their moment had passed and they were both just a tangle of sweaty limbs and puffs of breath, Tony wondered how much time they had lost.
Steve was a stubborn as always when he shook his head, eliciting an annoyed noise from Tony. “I told you, I gave up Captain America when I dropped that shield. And you’re only trying to give it back to me to help but you don’t even think I deserve it.”
“There’s a cute ice skating rink just a walk away from here. I know, because I’ve been eyeing it for weeks. The trouble is that I can’t skate.” Tony explained, tilting his head back to get an upside-down look at Steve.
“Sure you know what you’re doing?” Tony asked, his voice nearly inaudible, but he knew Steve’s hearing could pick up on it. His eyes flickered down to Steve’s lips. So close and yet they felt unreachable.
Tony made a small noise of complaint before lifting his head. He looked around blearily, and Steve couldn’t help but find his obvious confusion amusing. “Steve? Did you have a bad dream?”
"I don't know how long I can be patient." Tony tore his gaze away from Steve, forcing himself to look at the skyline presented before him. He curled his fingers in the pockets of Steve's jacket. He almost lost sight of what they were talking about for a brief moment.
Tony must have picked up on it. “I think you forget that I have grown as a person.” At Steve’s dubious look he changed his statement. “I think you forget that I have unlimited amounts of coffee at my disposal.”
“I’m certainly better than you.” Steve teased, extending his hand to Tony who eyed him skeptically in return. Tony realized belatedly that there was no way he could get on the ice without Steve’s help and so he took Steve’s hand and clambered onto the ice.
They slept together most nights, unless there was some sort of mission that kept them out late. Or on an off day when they couldn’t quite face each other because a mission had gone south and had caused an argument.
“Yeah, he went on an emotional roller coaster. First he walked in pissed, and then he had a mini freak out, and then he was just upset.” Rhodey went off to look for bandages, coming back with gauze to wrap around Tony’s head. Tony swatted at his hands, his mind still playing catch up.
“There’s not much of the Avenger’s anymore.” He remarked, realizing that it probably took him a while to reply. Happy didn’t seem to notice, or if he did, he didn’t mention it. Tony put the mug back down, drumming his fingers against the ceramic absentmindedly.
He walked towards the steel railing, already anticipating the frightening cold that would lead to numb fingertips.
"Despite never seeing any drawings, I think you're a good artist. Natasha showed me a couple sketches once. Only one of the many perks of being her friend. Wait, friend might be stretching it. Let’s go with teammate." Tony tapped his forefinger against the railing absentmindedly.
Rhodey must have caught on, maybe something in Tony’s face gave it away, or maybe Rhodey just knew him long enough to know when he was up to no good. Tony was leaning towards the latter. “No, Tony,
Steve dropped his head, pressing his forehead against Tony’s, he seemed defeated. Tony shut his eyes with resignation, already knowing Steve’s response. He waited for the blow to land.
"Right." Steve nodded one too many times. "Goodnight, Tony. Try to get some sleep." Steve walked off, briskly and without looking back.
He must have dropped it when he had hit his head, evidenced by the scratch marks on the phone. It was apparently indestructible because it was still in fighting condition. Tony was about to pocket it when he realized Steve had probably given it back to him. He didn’t know what to make of that. He flipped the phone open and saw a message.
“Through text. Man, you are basically turning into your husband.” Rhodey dug his phone out of his pocket and showed Tony the texts.
“Like a gauntlet.” Steve picked up a piece of paper on the table and held it up, realization dawning in his eyes. The vague outline reminded Tony of his own gauntlets. And sure enough there were little divots where the stones would go.
“You let the alien get away!” There was utter distress in Steve’s eyes but Tony wasn’t sorry for what he did. He would have done it a million times over. It was a stone and Steve couldn’t possibly think Tony would have chosen it over his life. Over both of theirs.
“You don’t need me on the ground, you want me on the ground.” Tony’s eyes flickered to Steve's, and he held his gaze without even a blink. “You have some weird guilt over Siberia, it’s the only thing I can think of to explain the way you act.”
Tony was really still trying to understand what Rhodey was saying. Maybe it was just the drama of the whole situation with Vision and Rhodey was just over exaggerating. He couldn’t even begin to fathom why Steve would care, or react like how Rhodey was saying he had.
Tony spun the flip phone between his thumb and forefinger, silently considering upgrades. The thing was hideous and he couldn’t even bring himself to consider it an actual piece of technology. Maybe for cavemen.
“Hey, you remember when we were at the supermarket staring at the lobsters in the lobster tank? And I told you that they don’t feed the poor things and you were so upset that I offered to buy them all?” Tony asked seemingly out of the blue. He sounded rather amused.
Instead of continuing on his path to get some sleep, he went to his workshop. He passed Dum-E on the way, motioning for him to follow. Maybe he could get some of those upgrades done and get some blissful sleep on his desk. He doubted it, but it was probably more likely than falling asleep in his bed with a straightened out but worn letter sitting on his side table. Crinkled and fraying, but not gone.
“I can tell him to get lost. Him and his new beard.” Rhodey informed him with firm and unbreakable devotion that Tony appreciated more than anything in that very moment. Tony thought of the burner sitting in his jacket pocket, he thought of the crumpled letter sitting in his waste basket for umpteenth time, he thought of a shield sitting somewhere in storage where he had tossed it.
“I’m going to assume that this somebody isn’t a threat?” Tony stepped out of the office, hearing relative silence. FRIDAY didn’t answer him and when Tony went to the door he saw Rhodey glowering at the intruder who was currently enveloped in the shadows.
Steve shrugged almost bashfully, bending down to drop his notebook. Tony opened his mouth to ask why when Steve began to shrug off his jacket.
Rhodey grinned almost maniacally. "I guess that’s for me to know and for you to...not know.” He picked a drink off the table and handed it to him. "But yes.”
Steve noted that he was beginning to look sleepy, and sleepy Tony was definitely one of his favorite things. Tony would fully let his guard down and it was all the more meaningful because he trusted Steve enough to not need it. Tony tilted his head up, tucking away his smile to pucker his lips. “Give me a smooch.”
The rest of it was a blur of moving limbs. At times hot and heavy while at others sweet and slow. Tony catalogued all that he could in the time that was slipping past his fingers. This was all he would probably ever have, and he wanted to remember every single detail.
Tony sighed, not immediately responding. He wasn’t sure how to answer. Things were a bigger mess than he cared to admit but with Steve beside him, even for just a night, things felt more right than they had in awhile.
"I-yeah. Anytime? I mean, it's not like I was gonna say it was bad. Okay, that makes it seem like I was only being nice. Seriously, it was amazing. And see? Now I sort of sound like a pushover." Tony held his breath, waiting for Steve hands to move from where they had settled, one clutching the edge of his jacket and one curled around Tony's side.
“Only pleasant?” Steve asked teasingly, sitting up once he had tied his skates. He probably noticed Tony’s struggling because suddenly he was on the ground before him, tying the laces.
Tony shared a look with Steve. Tony saw his own doubt reflected in Steve’s eyes. He also saw understanding. Because they were going to have to put everything aside. It was a silent agreement that meant moving forward.
Tony noticed Steve had left his jacket. He sighed and looked out over the skyline. Steve's sketchbook was a reassuring weight near his heart.
“But you didn’t even do anything.” Steve pointed out, and Tony could feel his eyes roaming his cheek to check for any visible damage. He saw Steve lift his hand as if to brush his fingers against the place he was hit out of his peripheral vision before dropping his hand back into his lap. Tony didn’t know how to feel about that when his bruises from Siberia had lasted weeks.
“And also amazing and terrific and outstanding.” Tony looked down at Steve with a grin. He bit his lip in an attempt to stifle it. “You don’t have to do that.”
"I can't believe you've been hiding this from me all these years. You're an artistic genius. And I especially like this dashingly handsome man, he seems really smart to me." Tony turned his head and met Steve's gaze. The honest truth, undisguised by his usual boisterous attitude spilled from his lips. "It's really nice."
Steve did remember all that, it had been a nice day, one of the few they got off to go do as they pleased without Avenger’s business on their plates. They’d even gone for ice cream afterwards.
“Well, that should be interesting. Why aren’t these “super powered people” Avengers?” Sam asked, raising his eyebrows and crossing his arms over his chest. “I mean, are we even Avengers?”
Tony had expected as much, but he always gave it a try anyway. "Somehow I never see these drawings even when they are done."
“Stop, stop doing that. Expecting me to know things I couldn’t possibly know. Will you just talk to me without riddles? I can’t take it anymore. The world is ending and I’m sick of this shit.” Tony stood up, resting his palms on the surface of the dark wooden desk. He was fed up and exhausted. He couldn’t do this anymore not with Steve.
“Shh!” Tony slapped Steve’s chest but it was light and Steve barely felt it. “Don’t say that out loud. People could hear you and my reputation would be...obliterated. Could you imagine what people would think of me?”
He owed this to them, to the team, to extend an olive branch. He owed them to try to fix things, it’s what he did best. They were broken, that much was obvious to anyone with half of a brain, but they didn’t have to stay that way.
“I know my limits. As much as I hate magic, I don’t understand it and I certainly can’t replicate it. I had to do what I could for Vision’s sake. For Wanda’s. I don’t know how many ways I can say it, I
His last words on this earth were the three most important. He had only ever voiced them to a handful of people and he thought maybe he should have voiced it more when he had the chance.
“I’m going to ask you again. What were you thinking?” Rogers was intimidating, that was for sure. Tony had almost forgotten for a second.
“No, I don’t want to do that.” Steve assured Tony, handing him a package that was oddly shaped. Tony shook it curiously, trying to get an idea of what it was.
“Tony, it’ll be fine.” Steve put a hand on his knee and Tony breathed deeply before tilting his head towards Steve and putting on a smile. Tony knew Steve could take care of himself he just didn’t want Steve getting into any trouble. There was a reason why they didn’t meet up more often.
“Well now that you’ve got the hang of things…” Steve trailed off and Tony quickly shook his head vigorously. Tony grasped Steve’s wrist in a death hold. He wasn’t about to lose an unfair fight.
When Dum-E nudged his leg, he looked down with a scowl. “Party crasher. I will disassemble you and scatter you over every continent known to man, I swear it.” Dum-E beeped, sinking down.
Natasha looked at the gem over Tony’s shoulder, looking every bit as distrustful as Tony felt. “What was this creature?” She asked Rhodey, sounding annoyed that she couldn’t remember anything. Tony just stared at the jewel, wondering if it could work. Because there was no way he trusted the
“I missed you too.” Steve told him in that soft tone Tony liked to think was reserved just for him. Tony idly stroked his thumbs up and down Steve’s cheekbones.
The rink was fixed and back in working condition but the place was closed down and the waiting area was never fixed up. Tony had thought of it as a fun project, something to share with Steve once he got back. It was a shame that Tony wasn’t close to finished.
the risks. I was hardly the biggest factor.” Tony sighed, yanking off his bandages. He saw Natasha raise her hand as if to tell him not to but he ignored her. “You know a little bit of trust wouldn’t be unwarranted.”
“But you’re the good when everything else is bad. You are better than any other person in this messed up world. Honestly, I admire you Steve Rogers. And tomorrow I will jump into the heat of battle with you and I won’t bat an eye. I just have one more thing, to say-” Tony shut the phone, looking down at it. “I’ll save it for tomorrow.”
“I could have helped the Guardians.” Tony could see moonlight glinting off his Iron Man suit in his peripheral vision and he knew sitting beside it was Steve’s old shield. Steve was already dressed up in his dark Captain America suit sans the shield. Tony had tried offering it back to him countless times. You can’t hold a grudge when death hangs in the balance. Thanos wasn’t a threat to be taken lightly.
“Right. Well to be fair, you did sort of catch me off guard.” Tony couldn’t hold back his happiness if he tried, and he couldn’t keep his hands off of Steve either. Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, it was soft underneath his fingertips. He decided he enjoyed the new length.
“Team bonding.” Steve whispered into Tony’s hair, ignoring his soft groan of annoyance. He thought it might take more to convince him but Tony was beginning to melt into Steve’s arms, the movie long forgotten. It took a few minutes but Tony’s breathing evened out completely.
“What needed to be done.” When Steve did finally move forward it was to shake Tony by the shoulders.
“I still can’t really believe Dum-E ever pulled off that dance.” Tony murmured, in awe of the detail the drawing depicted. Steve always managed to blow him away and Tony could never see it coming.
Tony blew out a breath of air his eyes sliding shut. “If that’s what you want, fine.” Tony’s eyes flashed back open and he pinned Steve with a furious glare. “ It started with the Accords which, I’ll admit, came at a bad time for me. After Ultron I was struggling with the guilt of the destruction I had caused, Pepper and I had ended things, it was-” Tony felt his chest tighten when he thought back. “Not a great time.”
“I suppose so.” Tony agreed absentmindedly. “You didn’t fall in love with anyone else while I was gone, right?” He asked, just to make sure, as he glanced down at Steve’s lips. He'd meant it as a joke but his tone betrayed his neediness.
“Something tells me you frequent this bar.” Rhodey shook his head in mock disappointment but shrugged. “That’s fine, just don’t wallow too much. I’m sick of all the ice cream disappearing.”
Tony put the coffees down on the table and his hand reached for the burner tucked away in his jacket. He fisted it in his palm and glanced around. Maybe his mind was playing tricks on him. He considered calling the suit anyway. “Hello?”
“Of course.” Steve agreed easily and there was a laugh trapped in his voice that Tony wanted to release. “But are you sure?”
“Yeah, exactly like that.” Tony felt a smile creep up on him, even though he knew he should be terrified, and he turned his head towards Fury. “That’s a sci-fi geek's dream.”
They stood like that for another few minutes, neither of them willing to move closer or further away. There was a calmness that was waiting for interruption.
“I’m bored, Fury hasn’t given me anything to do today.” Steve had eyed him one more time before shrugging and accepting that response. Tony could tell he wasn’t buying it.
He got up on tired legs. He felt like he was moving through jello and yet he felt tense and high-strung. He hoped Vision had turned out alright, and he really hoped he hadn’t been wrong. Sure, it would be great to have one over Steve, but really he was just worried. He had already hurt Wanda so much, and he’d be lying if he said she didn’t cross his mind when he decided to put the jewel in the place of the mind stone.
Tony didn't hesitate much longer, taking the jacket and pulling it on. It somehow held Steve's comfort in it’s wool. It smelled just like him too. Tony couldn't discern anything specific, but it smelled vaguely like the cookies his mom had a knack for making around Christmas time.
He walked up to Peter and glanced around curiously when he heard some commotion in the other room. He pocketed his glasses, letting his facade fall for the first time that day. “Is it your birthday? I was pretty sure I had it circled on the cat calendar Rhodey gave me when I kept forgetting his.”
Tony would probably be the most upset that he was late too. He had gotten it into his head that Steve needed to see every single Star Wars movie to date, even the ones that were “an abomination to the entire franchise”. Tony was all up in arms about it, so he was too.
Once he had a steaming mug of fresh coffee in his hand he went over to the living area to find his teammates sprawled on the couches, intently watching the movie on the screen. Steve spotted Tony sitting on the couch furthest from the television, and when Steve realized why he felt warmth bloom in his chest. His boyfriend would never admit it but he was a softy.
Tony hadn't realized it himself but as he looked down he noticed the goosebumps lining his bare arms and they way he had begun to shake to keep himself warm.
During the second week, while Tony was down on Earth with Steve, they reverted back to their old ways. Truce momentarily forgotten.
Rhodey had stood before of course, even walked, but never without either the help of Tony or the bars he had set up.
Tony couldn’t help the way his heart skipped at seeing Steve’s ring sitting beside his dog tags. He hadn’t really known the fate of the ring after everything in Siberia.
“I forgave you a long time ago for lying to me. For the Accords, even for Siberia. And I do trust you, more than almost anyone. Which might sound crazy considering I asked you just a little while ago if you tried to kill me in that bunker.” Tony kept going, even as Steve winced.
He went into his contacts, finding only one number programmed in under the name Nomad. Tony almost wanted to laugh out loud because Steve was even less subtle than he was.
“What’s wrong? Why are you on the ground?” He asked, confused and worried because nothing was making sense. His mind jumped to Rhodey and Vision, and he got up again. If Natasha was alright for now, he had to go find the others.
“Honestly, it’s just nice to see everyone back together again.” Steve shrugged, his shoulders rising and falling.
“Yeah, yeah I think we are.” Steve walked away and Tony watched him leave, not missing the irony of the situation. He was pretty sure he had just ruined their temporary peace treaty while trying to vouch for it.
“Are you going to scream it from rooftops?” Steve asked softly, his eyebrows furrowing. The familiar expression had Tony’s fingers tracing Steve’s eyebrows, memorizing it.
It was a miracle they found a moment alone. Thanos had all the infinity stones now and the infinity gauntlet to go with it. Everyone was just waiting for the inevitable. The moment he finally attacked. Tony’s bets were on tomorrow. So were Natasha’s.
But Steve’s words were comforting and Tony wanted nothing more than to believe them. And so he did, pushing his doubts to the back of his mind.
“Steve?” The drink slipped from his fingers but Steve caught it, releasing Tony to do so, and placed it on the counter.
“About that…” Tony rubbed his hands together, feeling dread build in his stomach. He had completely forgotten to mention this to Steve, but after everything that had happened, it hadn’t seemed too important. “We are technically broken up.”
It didn’t feel like very long before they were pulling up to the compound. Steve sat up and in turn, Tony sat up as well.
But sometimes, when he paced Steve’s office, he wondered if he had sorely misjudged their relationship. Friends? That was probably not the case, for Steve at least.
Tony laughed, happy and carefree. He hadn’t felt this light in what felt like years. “I thought you would like it!” He proclaimed defensively, but there was a laugh in his voice too. He had painted the words on the front of the shield in yellow paint just a couple of days before when he had a second of spare time. “It’s yours. I’m done playing this game, I’m done being petty and you’re done being stubborn. Please take it? I actually really want you to have it.” And Tony thought he would be saying it just to convince Steve, and maybe he was just looser after mind blowingly good sex, but the words rang true.
"It better be." Tony couldn't hear the scratching anymore. He turned back, and Steve was staring at him with a trademark flashy grin he knew Tony enjoyed.
Steve looked up, the lines on his forehead making themselves known. “You do?” Tony watched as Steve slipped back into his uniform, buckling it up and bringing himself closer to the destruction of tomorrow. Tony wondered breezily if he should feel vulnerable still naked in the bed with only a sheet hiding him from the still heated air around them.
Tony’s first words to Steve were, “Come with me.” And then he walked past him, right out the door. He didn’t even glance back to make sure Steve followed him, just assumed he would. The faint sound of footsteps behind him was just reassurance.
Days would flit by and Tony would sometimes lose track. He buried himself in Mark’s ranging in the hundreds. Sleep and hunger felt further away than Jupiter and Mars.
That was the first message Tony had received and of course it would be after they had already seen each other in the flesh a few times. And when they were about five feet away from the other. Not to mention it was basically Steve making a point anyway. Tony slipped it into his pocket.
“What was that?” Steve was back on his feet, he looked like he was going to go barreling out after that alien. His eyes were wild. “What did you
“I’m doing all of this for you. You have to know that.” Tony stopped walking and cupped Steve’s cheek, turning Steve’s head towards himself. “So that we never have to go this long without seeing each other again. So I can fix the Accords. And once I pull all that off, which with my genius I undoubtedly will-” Tony broke off, breathless. “I’ll tell the whole world we are married.”
Steve shoved his hands in the pockets of some seriously hideous cargo pants. “Wanted to check in, make sure everything was….okay.” He sounded hesitant, like he might set Tony off with poor word choice. Too late for that.
“Thanks kid.” Tony murmured, reaching up a gauntleted hand to squeeze Peter’s. Peter smiled around the tears and squeezed back just once before turning away. Tony frowned, wondering if it was the bleeding upsetting Peter.
“What are you still doing here?” Tony asked tentatively, mildly curious but mainly confused. He frowned softly, trying to find a clue in Steve’s posture.
laugh that lit up the dark skating rink all on its own. Tony hadn’t heard that laugh in so long, and it was like a peek of the sun behind a grouping of thick clouds.
Steve could make out Tony’s face now, and his eyes were trained on the television with focus that would make anyone feel significant. Steve wasn’t exactly sure how he ever got that focus on himself, but he certainly hoped it would never go away because he was happier with Tony than he had ever been before.
“She should know you’re taken.” Steve insisted and Tony leveraged Steve’s shoulder to lower him enough to place a kiss on his bearded cheek. Tony was still getting used to the beard, but he didn’t hate the way it felt. It was just distracting.
Tony approached Thanos and once he got his eyes on the purple alien, he was no longer scared. It drained from his body because he knew what he had to do to save every single person he cared for.
The decision to save as many lives as possible was never an easy one and it wasn’t fair for him to expect the average person to understand that. But he was just so tired.
Tony’s eyes were darker now as they took him in, signs of sleepiness now faded but still present. Steve pulled him forward and gave a quick peck to his forehead, remembering the team gathered close around them as his arm curling around Tony’s back. He let Tony rest his head on the curve of his neck, his heart still beating loud enough that he was sure Tony could hear it.
"I wouldn’t do that do that." Tony turned his gaze back towards the city but it seemed less appealing now and he found himself turning back towards Steve. The piece of his hair that the wind was pulling at seemed somehow infinitely more important. It only reiterated something Tony already knew.
“Vision was always a risk. I mean, when we first created him, Bruce and I were still fresh off building Ultron. I was doubting everything but we knew that this, this would work. We knew it would change the tides and it did. You doubted us then too.” Tony attempted to stand up, biting back a groan. He decided against it, one hand coming up to fiddle with his bandages. His head had seen better times.
“What happened?” Tony asked, instinctively stepping forward to hold Vision’s legs as Rhodey took his front. Tony tried to take the bulk of the weight, even if Rhodey wasn’t uneasy on his feet anymore. They carried him into the living area and Natasha cleared the table before they set him down on top of it.
“I’m going to fall.” Tony protested but began to move, dragging his feet across the ice, always feeling one second away from a deathly skid but Steve’s hold wouldn't allow that to happen. It was a comforting safety net that was for sure.
“Yes, technically, I do. But I’m not feeling well.” Peter coughed into his arm, unconvincingly keeping up his cover. Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes at the kids antics.
“Well I think Barton is a dick!” Rhodey called as he came over, some sort of skates in his shoes allowing him to glide over the floor.” Ouch, that looks painful.”
Steve shook his head with a hint of confusion but picked his matching burner out of a pocket in his uniform. He flipped it open and put it to his ear. “Yeah?”
Tony leaned against the railing and peered down at the roads down below. He watched a sampling of cars drive by and then he turned his gaze back towards the tall buildings looming ahead. They seemed darker now, the whole night seemed ready to swallow him whole.
Things were a bit of a blur after that. He heard a rush of footsteps and Steve and Wanda’s voices yelling, he assumed Natasha had contacted them somehow. They were too slow to stop him and the gem was already in place. The light filtering through the windows of the compound lit up the jewel and-
He was mad, he knew that. Much less than before but the feeling was still there, simmering quietly. There was betrayal that made his chest feel like a screw that wouldn’t loosen. Maybe a little bit of sadness, but Tony wasn’t exactly sure. His mind was too big a mess.
“They’re good.” Rhodey pulled his hand back and Tony relaxed again. He drank his coffee, enjoying the warm steam that fanned his face. They were like that for a couple of minutes before Vision and Wanda came barreling through the door. Tony didn’t know who was up first, Rhodey or himself.
“Hate to break it to you but that logic is flawed.” Tony pulled his hood up higher as it began to slip. He could see the skating rink up ahead, not more than a few minutes away if they continued at the same rate.
It was always going to end one way. Tony knew it, he was just worried Steve didn’t. Tony sat up, the sheets scrunched up on his chest falling into his lap. “I have a present for you.” Tony said, quietly, like he didn’t want to disrupt the night and the sleeping creatures outside the compound.
There hadn’t been any new signatures, Cap’s team was staying resolute. Tony knew they weren’t thinking of themselves as retired but they had to be, at least until Tony figured something out.
Rhodey was huddled over Vision and Tony forced his feet to continue forward, even as they begin to feel less like skin and bone and more like lead. Vision was on the ground, his usually vibrant color looking drained. Tony didn’t recognize anything else as being wrong until he noticed the lack of the stone that usually sat on Vision’s forehead.
Tony’s must have looked dumbstruck because Steve looked to be biting back a laugh. Tony blinked, trying to clear his head. Steve was in front of him. And it didn’t seem possible but it was true. Steve who he had been holding onto through memories and frequent calls but none of it was the same as the real thing. Steve physically in front of him,
It didn’t have to be about Steve. Because it wasn’t, it was about the team, or at least that’s what he was going to continue telling himself.
Tony was still trying to make a decision when Steve began sucking kisses into his neck. It quickly became far too difficult to think about much of anything, let alone make a decision. Tony let his head drop to the side exposing his neck for Steve to ravage.
