Tentatively, Cas began a slow but smooth in and out. When instructed he added another finger. Dean taught him how to find the special spot that made him shake and moan. Cas liked to explore that spot very much, he thought.
“That was wonderful to witness,” Cas muttered, still in awe of how beautiful the man looked in his lust-drunk, satiated state.
"Wow… thank you. Really," Dean gushed, blushing and feeling so loved. They had never had the opportunity to throw a birthday party before.
"You coulda just told me that. Instead of us having a big fight. I didn't even think about how you said your soul was still growing. It didn't click that it might mean that your grace would dry up."
“Well, alright then!” Dean said, breaking the silence with a wide grin. He clapped once in excitement. “Operation Neverland is still a go then!”
The elder Winchester’s face fell. These were supposed to be sappy, easy-going brotherly bonding trips. They drank beer, they fished and almost never caught a damn thing, they listened to music and talked about their mom. He really didn’t want to have some heavy-as heart to heart, but he was coming to the slow and reluctant realization that avoiding it had never done him any good at all. Still, he wasn’t exactly thrilled by the concept, so he just nodded at Sam to go ahead with it.
Cas stayed completely silent. Jack was not asleep, but he was in his car seat on the floor in front of Dean, blinking up as Dean rocked him with his foot - which was clad in a blue sock patterned with tacos. The hunter was reading in a soft voice to Jack. Cas came closer trying hard not to alert either of them to his presence.
And with that, the hunter was immersed wholly in sensation once more. He wasn't sure he'd ever been harder or more aching for release in all his life. The abrupt transition to Cas resuming his all-encompassing touch was as delicious as it was jarring. He let out a strained sound.
Jack growled at the controller and smacked the button with a victorious shout. He squealed with joy as his character lit up with a circle of radiant light again, which healed Dean’s character anew.
The sentiment melted Eileen’s heart completely. She squeezed his shoulder affectionately. After a moment, she remarked, “Not so gummy these days!”
"Let me - I want to see you. Let me turn," he mumbled as he began to squirm around to flip on his other side.
Dean swelled the lump that had formed in his throat at the sight of his naked lover. "Cas, I think the same of you. I am a lucky man."
Her face fell. Then it snapped to Dean. "I didn't know you were gay. You seemed awful flirty last week," she said, frowning.
Dean was amazed. He was aware that all of this powerful holy energy beaming out of his lover and vibrating through his bones should hurt him - his eyes, his skin, probably his mind. But it just felt intense, foreign. He was insanely turned on, but he was also starting to feel a nagging worry that this may have been a stupid idea after all. But this was Dean Winchester - he never let a bad idea stop him from following through.
Now that he was out of sight of anyone who could come by he allowed himself to indulge in the scent of his heart's desire - the intoxicating aroma of flowers and honey and salty sweat and rich earth - Castiel Novak. The humble groundskeeper. His blood was burning in his veins and in these moments he stole with the forbidden fruit of a lower ranking man were truly the only times he felt freedom or passion in the past year. Dean always stopped himself, but only barely, from giving into his body’s desire to turn into a rutting fool in the presence of Castiel. Each encounter left him hungry in a deep and primitive way. It both thrilled him and appalled him.
Cas softly put a hand on Dean's face, turning onto his side toward him, and as his eyes began to glow blue, he softly kissed the hunter in the most gentle juxtaposition to their vigorous activities minutes before. Cas kissed him softly, lips transferring the light of healing grace into him, the angel's hands soothingly, traversing his skin to find all the marks, bruises, and scratches and lingering over them, shining soft light onto him until the hunter was restored, still kissing him mildly and sweetly, much longer than needed before breaking away with a serene sigh, looking at Dean with the most ardent, caring expression.
Cas’s wings prickled and ruffled anew. “Ah, yes. Eileen taught me. When you and Sam went fishing. She mentioned dancing at the wedding and I said I didn’t know how. She spent the afternoon coaching me. We practiced several other times as well. She wanted to practice for Sam.”
He drew back a step. "Never mind, Dean. It was stupid and selfish of me to say that," he muttered, looking down.
"Okay, damn," he said, his voice breaking. "You went from zero to sixty there, Cas." The hunter closed his eyes though, ready for more.
partners. Are they not? And you like cowboys," he explained calmly. "Unless you… disagree? We aren’t married?" Cas looked suddenly stiff. Dean could tell he was worried, awaiting an answer.
to me. I wanna… Cas I wanna be with you forever. I know we've said that before kinda, but… fuck, I've never said that to anyone else. I've never even wanted that with anyone else. You know you're special, right? You know I-I love you?" Dean stuttered, eyes glistening and bright.
"I didn't anticipate this. I was just… afraid. And I felt very tied to my vessel's reactions to that for some reason."
Dean snuggled into the warmth of the feathers, closing his eyes with a smile. "Okay. You win," he said reluctantly, stroking the feathers softly and taking in the scent and feeling content.
“I can handle it, Cas. I can see your wings now. And I guess that I know something you don’t because I know what that means.”
Cas sighed, perturbed and smitten all at once. "You have the most beautiful, amazing soul. I've never seen anything like it. You're the person who taught me to value free will. You're kind, caring and brave. Why you?” Cas sighed, he shook his head, and then met the hunter’s sea green eyes with a watery, warm smile. “Dean, who else could it possibly be?"
Cas just nodded and made a helpless gesture with his hands. It was all an accurate recounting of events. He couldn't deny it. He didn't want to anymore. He just wanted this to be over, come what may.
They rutted wildly for a few moments before finding a blissful, rolling rhythm. More sounds poured from them, each one sending tingling sensations down Castiel's spine.
Dean mused on that thought for a while. There was no one as far as the eye could see, but Cas disappeared. Through their bond, he explained he was making the space safe and warding it.
Dean shuddered. It took him a few moments,  but he gathered enough strength of mind and nodded. The invisible force over his mouth dissipated.
nail down the technique?" the hunter said with a wide, sly smile. Cas just chuckled lightly and threaded his fingers through Dean's soft blonde hair.
“Kinda. Yeah,” Dean admitted. “But I really want my body back. I kind of have to pee and I don’t want to figure that out.”
Cas stood up with a sharp exhale and walked over to the window, staring out at the night sky. He was so still he seemed like a statue for a few moments.
“No, but… They don’t think we need to turn him back. I… I think you might be right. Or, well - I don’t think Heaven should have him. But I think that he shouldn’t be a human. Someone - something - needs to fill that role left by Chuck and Amara.”
Dean didn’t know what to say. He just stared and occasionally shook his head, opening and closing his mouth a few times. Finally, he managed to form a sentence out of the tempest of words bouncing around his brain like pinballs.
"Yeah. I love you too. Let's get pizza, okay? We can snuggle on the couch. But you gotta get the door. I don't wanna put on pants."
"Hey, it was just one time - well, mostly one time - one and a half times - and Eileen suggested it and Rowena was into it and they asked me to-," Sam babbled, confirming Dean’s suspicions.
"I think... I'm afraid of the happy endings you were talking about, Cas,” he whispered in a broken voice.
"I want you too," he said, voice low and gravelly. It went straight to Dean's dick, twitching back to life with interest. Dean shivered, letting out a cloudy breath.
! That way the EVERYBODY can see the beautiful work they did and maybe just maybe they'll peep at the fic! If nothing else, it would let certainwonder know you loved their work on this.
"Yes," Cas breathed. He was sure that hearing Dean’s wrecked voice was what had done him in. He was absolutely smitten for that man.
Dean's eyes went wide. He had never done that - usually he didn't have any lube on hand on the road. He'd swapped blowjobs with guys before, but he'd never been penetrated. He had always assumed he'd be a top. This felt big, this felt important.
"Mmkay. Let me see if I got this. I cut my hand and you started worrying your pretty little head about all the other ways a human could get hurt. All those ugly ideas snowballed into convincing yourself I'm at Death's door. Is that the cliff notes version?"
That was when Cas abandoned his careful rhythm and tight control. He sped up and became erratic, groaning with Dean's name gracing his lips. But when he felt Dean come, shooting his hot load between them, his walls clenching mercilessly on Castiel's aching cock, Dean screaming his name - that's when he snapped.
"Can I ask you to do something that's maybe," - Dean paused, licking slowly up Castiel's neck and ending up close enough to whisper seductively in his ear - "just a
Dean got the sense he'd struck some sort of nerve. "I'm sorry, Cas. I'm just surprised, is all. There's nothing wrong with reading that stuff if that's what you like. I like all sorts of stuff that other people don't get."
Dean’s head whipped up instantly. All the air seemed to rush out of Dean's lungs and softly tease across Castiel's face.
Cas’s left hand snaked down and awkwardly poked around and swirled, trying to mimic Dean’s earlier behavior.
Dean felt like his body was glowing hot, and this slow rhythm Cas had settled on was making him wild.
Cas pulled his hunter in close and touched his forehead to Dean’s. Jack looked up and made a sweet affectionate noise, smiling up at them. It calmed Dean somewhat, but Cas could see his fist was still clenched and the occasional side-eye glance Dean would make toward Sam.
Dean did even as he lifted his lip in disgust. She chirped happily. The calf hung around and nudged for attention occasionally between the two, but she soon lost interest and swam off.
As Dean left Jack with Cas before his first class for the day, he knelt down and kissed Jack on the crown of his head, breathing in that sweet soft smell that babies and small children have. “You’re a little thimble of joy,” he whispered.
Dean had prepped the fire earlier, so it didn't take long to get it going. He gathered up the ingredients for the s'mores and had Cas sit by the fire.
“And I just can’t help it that I find my mind wandering back to you. God, the way to look at me… You look at me like you’re starving and you can't wait to get at me. What am I supposed to do? The way you arch that brow at me. The way you stare me down and pierce me with those fucking eyes, God, Cas!” He said.
Dean chuckled, looking at Cas, giving a low whistle. "I'm gonna remember how quickly you said that. Kinky perv," he said with a waggish smile. The hunter got up and went to his closet, grabbing the Stetson Cas had given him.
- as he let a hand snake down slowly to his aching dick. It hadn't been what he had in mind, but Cas demanded it, so he was eager to perform for his lover.
Dean stilled and nodded with a shocked expression. "I did like it Cas, at first. I just… I can't explain it. I guess I'm just not ready for it. Maybe one day I will be, I dunno, dude. I'm sorry."
“I can’t see you. I have to watch what I’m doing. Just listen,” she said. “He loves Jack. But he’s scared. He never spent much time around other kids, you know? You spent time with him. You parented him. But he didn’t have that. So he’s scared. But if you can be patient with him, he’s going to be a great uncle. He loves you.”
Cas broke it with a sigh. “If you aren't going to tell me what you want, then… then just leave me alone."
As he showered, he got more excited, realizing Cas could taste things now. So going out to dinner was going to be a new experience for him. Not that Cas couldn't cook something better - he was, as in all things, a quick study - but there were still a lot of foods he'd never tried.
“I know, it’s exciting. You’re gonna get some… oatmeal, maybe? Yeah? Some scrambled egg? And a bottle.”
"Take what? Dean!" Cas called, confused and annoyed, but there was no point. The angel heard the door to Dean's room slam shut.
Cas leaned forward and reached around, firmly gripping the hunter's cock and jerking him in tandem with the thrust of his own hips into Dean.
There was absolute silence after that for a while. Cas looked him in the eye, holding his gaze sternly for what felt like an eternity, waiting for the hunter to say something. Dean stared right back, jaw clenched.
Castiel was tired of being teased. In a sudden move, he grasped Dean with angelic strength and flipped them, pinning Dean beneath him. He lowered his face right over Dean’s, not releasing the powerful grip on the righteous man’s shoulders at all.
The problem with having a partner that made breakfast every morning, Dean had discovered, was that sometimes his partner got very creative with the dishes. This was sometimes nice, but this morning Cas brought him some sort of egg on an English muffin with ham under it covered in a yellow sauce and garnished with little green sprigs of something. The egg looked weird and misshapen. He could tell it was not fried or baked or hard boiled. He poked it curiously with his fork and it jiggled. Dean tried not to look dubious. This was not the sort of breakfast he was used to.
Cas squirmed in the seat under the scrutinizing look. "It… well, he's expressing a desire to apologize and concern that the appropriate time to do so has lapsed. I found it relatable," he muttered with a small sigh.
"Well, Samuel, I think everybody is here. We have two minutes until your lovely lassie walks down the aisle." Rowena said smiling warmly. Sam just beamed back.
Cas picked him up and smiled at his baby with the softest fondness. “You’ve gotten so big, Jack.” It made him a little sad that this was going by so quickly.
The hat tipped forward on Cas's head. Dean reached up and straightened it, pausing to touch the angel's face softly before grasping his biceps instead.
They had gone a few days without any magical hiccups from the nephil, however, they were still grappling with his wild sleep and eating habits and lack of a schedule. It could be a little taxing, but Dean was very loudly telling Sam and Cas how happy he was to have his body back and definitely seemed eager to stay on Jack’s good side. He’d made a few trips to stores, garage sales, and some Internet shopping too with bundles of new clothes, most of which had band names or terrible puns on them. Cas wasn’t sure that Jack cared, but it was a nice gesture regardless.
"I know, Dean. You told me then how sorry you were. I forgive you, I told you that," Cas said, barely looking away from the bacon, but the warmth in his voice conveying his earnestness.
Cas pushed the armchair a little closer. "No," he said as he sat down. He watched Dean sprawling on his chair, petting Miracle, trying to stream the movie.
Hearing Cas echo his dirty prayer - not to mention cursing like that - sent a jolt of want through him. Something about an angel saying dirty sinful things was just the sweetest juxtaposition and it wrecked Dean everytime.
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
Cas drew back away from the finger jaws shut, swallowing down the substance. "You should have asked me nicely."
"Well, uh, I was pretty tired, but this has me all jazzed up. You got time to watch something with us, Jack? I can make us popcorn. I have something in mind I think you'll like. It's not Star Wars but it's another space story you'll like."
He decided to get a beer from the fridge and then take it to the Dean Cave for a movie. He made his way to the kitchen and -
Dean vaguely heard someone talking as he was cleaning up the shop at the end of the day. He always stayed late and got things orderly for the next workday. He got cranky when the other employees left tools out or didn't clean up, so it wasn't atypical for Dean to stay a little later getting things just right.
Cas sat the pizza and breadsticks down with an exasperated look. "Fine. We can watch your movie tonight. I'll just be sure to pick very carefully tomorrow."
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
As with everything, Cas was in no hurry.  He slowly moved back and set to the task of opening Dean up, taking a finger and circling it around his hole. Dean gasped at that, tensing up.
It made Cas angry, or at least he used to think it was anger that he felt. In actuality, it ripped his heart to shreds. It made him feel confused and hopeless and yet strangely hopeful all at once. Despite that, he knew it was false hope, and that is what hurt the most. Cas wanted everything with the hunter - he craved the idea of his consistent companionship, the promise of closeness, the heat of his skin, but most desperately Castiel wanted to just love the hunter with the same reckless abandon that Dean loved everyone else. Everyone, it felt like, but Cas. If Dean really wanted him in the same way, he would have let Cas know by now. His behavior since Cas had known him was evidence that the hunter was not shy about those types of wants. Whatever it was that Dean did want - Cas just didn't know.
“If anyone... normal - outside the life - asks, we were married by Elvis in Reno three days ago, okay?”
"He's not dead, Dean. Jack wouldn't do that,” Cas said, attempting to alleviate the hunter’s fears. Cas was so certain, too. He just knew Jack would never do something like that to Sam.
Dean was tired of Rowena cleaning them all out, so he sat out a round and got down on the floor with Jack. He played peekaboo and made silly faces. He opened the snaps on the front of his onesie pajamas (that were printed with tiny rubber ducks and emblazoned with the words “DUCKING ADORABLE”) to give him a big raspberry on his tiny soft belly until the baby was squealing with laughter. Dean was also laughing. Seeing the kid laugh with his whole body made Dean laugh too. He looked up as Cas to see he was beaming back at him already, laughing himself. Sam was giving him a sappy smile. So was Eileen, but Rowena was busy gloating about her huge pile of poker chips and counting them out dramatically.
He knew he couldn't stimulate Cas too much that way - making him lose control to the point of taking his true form was not his goal, or even a good idea right now. But urging him closer, making him lose his usually unshakable grip - oh, yeah. Dean craved that.
Cas made a flippant gesture with his hand and shoved more baklava in his mouth. The angel groaned a little at the taste of the baklava, again enjoying all the different tastes and textures. Dean cleared his throat and moved in his seat a little. Cas looked back toward him with renewed interest and Dean arched an eyebrow.
"...'Do you believe?' he cried. Tink sat up in bed almost briskly to listen to her fate. She fancied she heard answers in the affirmative, and then again she wasn't sure. 'What do you think?' she asked Peter. 'If you believe,' he shouted to them, 'clap your hands; don't let Tink die.' Many clapped. Some didn't. A few beasts hissed. The clapping stopped suddenly; as if countless mothers had rushed to their nurseries to see what on earth was happening; but already Tink was saved…’" Cas was saying in a slow, sweet, very quiet rumble.
"I love him, Dean. And I love you. I don't want to experience that love in a muted way, stuck slightly outside of your reality. I want to experience it as the burning truth of myself that I deserve, that you both deserve."
"I didn't know you'd taken most of these. Wow," he said, smiling and gently letting his fingers drag over the pages upon pages of smiling photos.
Oh, this is a long chapter, folks! I hope you enjoy it! It's REALLY fluffy in the beginning but you get the paydirt (absolute smut) in the end. The fluff is so cheesy, don't hate me. I just think Dean and Cas would watch old rom-coms together, it's a silly headcanon. XD
Cas shook his head. Dean could be so stupid sometimes. "No. I think I've felt this way longer than you have. It was always there. Each offer was freely given."
Dean awoke a couple of hours later, roused by his hunger. He was not surprised when he woke in Castiel's bed that the angel was gone or that he'd put the room back to rights before leaving. He was surprised, however, as he shuffled into the kitchen to see, on the table there, a gorgeous mahogany dreadnought guitar sitting there with a small note tucked between the strings:
Dean nodded absently, contemplating. They laid side by side with Jack squirmy and happily babbling between them. After a bit, Dean insisted on getting Cas up and into the kitchen because he hadn’t eaten in the twenty-eight hours since becoming human.
Soon they were gasping for breath and somehow at some point, Cas got Dean leaned against the table. Hands were roaming all over. They let out small gasps. There was a growing fire between them and then, Cas suddenly stopped.
Cas lifted his eyebrows, trying to recall and muddle his way through this utterly ineffective conversation. He looked at Dean and tapped his neck in the spot.
Dean's breakdown was inspired by my own struggles as a young parent. I had a really similar experience, and just like with Dean, it made me change my whole approach and perspective.
"Uh, wait, wait! Time out, champ, snap out of it! Um, now seems like a good time to talk about safe words, Cas," Dean exclaimed urgently, giggling nervously and putting a hand on Cas's chest to stop him.
The angel gave him a fond look, shaking his head slightly before letting his gaze fall back down to Jack. "Dean, do you know how I know you're a good man?" Cas said.
In a snap, he stepped forward, slid the zippo in his sleeve down to his hand, flicked it, and dropped it onto the floor as the Winchester's had instructed. A ring of flame erupted around the angel and she shrieked angrily as Kevin bounded the stairs away from her in a flash.
Eileen sat him down next to Cas on a bed. As she gathered the tools and thread, Dean sat and stared at Castiel longingly.
!” Cas shouted into the phone as he fell over the edge and came hard, spilling into his hand. He imagined the hot come was Dean’s. He savored every twitch as he rode out the last of his orgasm, imagining it was happening inside his lover. He was able to more readily tame the threatening pulse of grace, only letting out a slight ring of his true voice and lightly bathing the room in light. Dean let out a truly guttural moan that made Cas’ heart flutter with excitement, knowing his hunter was coming too. After a few moments, Dean chuckled. "How was that, Cas?"
Dean nodded hesitantly. Cas was talking with Jack over by the food table. He decided to head over to them, unsure of what else to do. He grabbed Castiel's hand, needing to feel his calming vibes. He wanted to snuggle into Cas's wings, but no one else could see them and there were normal people here, so he just grabbed Castiel's hand instead.
"It kills me when you want me to go," Castiel said, fighting off tears, "and you don't care if I leave. You didn't try to stop me, you didn't ask me to come back."
"Jack said he was hands-off now. He wouldn't stop anything from happening. Not his style now that he's all alpha and omega."
This normally would have gotten Castiel's interest. But now, he let Dean lick his fingers but paid him almost no mind, instead grabbing the s'more eagerly from his other hand and taking another bite.
Cas adjusted his grip on Dean's neck, relaxing it just slightly as he came, but Dean was already too close for it to make a difference. He made a rough inarticulate sound and on the next thrust into Castiel's come and oil slick palm, he was coming too, painting their stomachs with hot wet stripes of come. He didn't stop thrusting right away, riding out his orgasm until the final twitch of his cock. Finally, Cas removed his hand and Dean let out a long sighing exhale and the clarity that came with his first full breath in felt like a rush.
“Dude, you never wanna do the other one,” Dean complained with a chuckle. “That’s peak comedy. At least you know how to appreciate good music.”
“Okay, there were some funky things that made like, different lines if I lined up the tablets together just right, like an extra hidden message within them, but we didn’t have all the tablets so it didn’t make a lot of sense at the time. The tablets got destroyed, I know, but I copied them down and everything. Still, there were four at least and we only ever got our hands on two.”
"Why do you want her to go to Hell? You've been there. You know how awful it is. That was mean, Sam." Eileen said. Rowena said nothing, but looked sweetly at Eileen, grateful for her defense. She was too old and too tough skinned for it to really bother her when Sam snapped at her, but it warmed her heart that Eileen cared enough to speak up.
Shutting his bedroom door quietly with a fond lingering glance at the softly snoring man in his bed,  he made his way to the bathroom and tried to ignore all the people milling about. Sam came by and clapped a hand over his shoulder while he brushed his teeth, to which Dean nodded in greeting. He didn’t say much to anyone before coffee these days. Jack slept longer at night on good nights, but it wasn’t exactly easy on the nights when he was feeling fussy. If Dean slept like a bear before, he had definitely not improved now that he was a daddy bear.
“Not as often as I think about how strange it is that centuries old witch Rowena MacLeod loves him so much she’s willing to make pig sounds in front of people to prove it.”
"Do you ever think about what we'll do now?" Cas asked in a leisurely way as he sat on the couch, petting Miracle.
Cas nodded with a serious look. He had read that it was important to make the baby feel like you understood them. Though not exactly sure how this facilitated communication, he trusted that all the sources he'd consulted with were correct.
I know that was Saileen heavy in the start, but hopefully you guys love their softness and Eileen's spunky attitude as much as I do. I just she her as this awesome, powerful, fun-loving sassy hunter lady. What's not to love? Man, if Sam hadn't taken her, I would!
"Dude, stop. We had a… moment or whatever last night. I was supposed to sleep on the floor and I didn't. I'm as wrong in this as you are."
"I just think it's amusing that you think I have to tickle you to get you to submit to me. I don't have to do anything."
Dean barked out a bitter laugh. “You picked the wrong humans to hang around if you wanted to learn how to handle your feelings, buddy.”
Sam was scrambling away to dive behind the wall near the hallway adjacent to the War Room, and suddenly -
Sam rolled his eyes and gave Dean bitchface. Cas came to sit slowly at the table with Sam, who turned a slightly less bitchy glance his way. Cas looked at Sam for a moment silently.
we were married already. I thought you knew, but I'm glad to know now that you are officially aware. And so is the state of Kansas, apparently," he said, looking at the marriage license.
Cas just shrugged. "He's very attractive, Sam. Self-restraint is difficult to come by in his presence."
Haha, on to part two (it's posted)! I just literally chopped the chapter in half. I don't even know why it just felt like if I kept letting my chapters get super long someone would riot lol.
"Thanks, Sam. Thank you," he said, utterly captured by the dozens of images of his loved ones. "We'll have to get some pictures of you to put in here. You and Eileen aren't in here," Dean said.
After dinner, Dean planned to take Cas into the garden, however cold it might be. He had recently brought in some paving stones and after their chat this morning there was still plenty of time before he needed to get ready. He resolved to finish up a small fire pit today. He'd been wanting to do this for a little while. He did mentally note that the garden was getting a little crowded.  He might need to clear a little more of the brush and define a perimeter, but for today, he just dug a small circle a few inches deep and filled it with stone, then put larger brick paving stones around the outside. He'd brought Miracle out with him, who was sniffing around the leaves nearby.
Cas hesitated, but upon sensing no displeasure or negative emotion in Dean, he continued once more. It took him a moment to find the spot again after that initial shock, but then he grazed it again, and again, causing the most beautiful, raw sounds to spill from Dean's mouth.
"Uh, that's not - you know what? Okay. Thanks, Cas. Thanks bud. Kind of a weird tradition, huh? Maybe we should make our own traditions as we go along. Doesn't make much sense, now that I think about it."
"How can you know that? He could be dead." Dean said bitterly. Sam could see his hand shaking slightly as he tipped back his drink.
Cas shrugged but didn't say anything else. Dean still cracked. He leaned in with a soft smile and let his lips softly press into Cas’s.
“Yes, I knew it!” Dean roared in triumph, “I knew I found it earlier. Your damned grace was getting in the way.”
Once everyone had turned in or headed home, Cas and Dean made their way to bed, largely because Dean was plastered and Cas wanted to sober him up.
Mr. Shurley would host grand parties in the massive gardens and take in all the praise, but Castiel Novak was the one behind it all, every flower and every carefully determined path laid in the gardens, every detail planned and lovingly tended to by Mr. Novak and his crew of fellow servants.
Dean couldn’t believe it. Life was about to get a lot more normal, or as close as they’d ever known it to be at any rate. He was feeling so elated that he almost felt a little on edge, as if this was a facade and the illusion of peace and joy on the horizon was about to come crashing down. But it wasn’t.
"We should go on more trips," Dean whispered to his angel, pressing small kisses onto the spot behind his ear as his arms hung around Castiel's neck.
"Well, no. But I felt the longing again - it had gone away last night but now it's back and I assumed that meant you were concerned." Cas said exasperated. He had no idea where the fear and distrust were coming from.
Dean looked up a minute later and caught Sam’s eye. “What are you looking at? Shut up,” Dean grumbled.
Cas just held up a finger to silence him, still gazing intently upon the sigils. He put the glasses on.
It was a surreal night. It felt like a dream. As Jack played on the floor nearby, Dean, Sam, Cas, Eileen, and Rowena played a few rounds of poker. Cas lost miserably and Rowena took the majority of the winnings. They’d ordered pizzas and Dean ate until he got heartburn. They told jokes and swapped stories and drank beer. Except Rowena, who materialized a bottle of vintage wine and drank the bottle by herself.
The hunter hesitated in the doorway, half-turning back to the angel. "Hey, Cas - it's okay. No big deal, alright? I promise to wear gloves next time. Don't sweat it. Relax. I promise, I'm fine."
"'M sorry. I want you, I do. I didn't mean to make it seem like I was just going through the motions."
Jack cooed softly and brought in shaky, rapid breaths as he wound down from crying so hard, but nothing happened, Sam did not reappear. Jack curled tightly into Castiel and clutched his trench coat collar with his tiny-but-mighty grip, blinking at Dean with watery eyes. Cas gently stroked Jack’s chubby cheek with a grace-suffused touch, healing away the pain from the burn in his mouth.
Dean looked down at the floor and sighed. "Since... always. I knew it for sure in Purgatory. But always." He then added in a near whisper, tears threatening to spill from behind his now closed eyelids, "I'm sorry, Cas."
Later, Dean turned to Cas. “Do you think he’s happy, Cas?” He said, sipping a beer. “It’s not fair. He’s just a kid. Being God is a huge responsibility. It’s the most responsibility of anything. That’s insane.”
Sam kissed her very softly, for only a couple of seconds. As he pulled away from the chaste kiss, she stomped indignantly and said, "Come back here," and slipped her hands out of the handfasting cord to pull him in by the lapels for a slightly more vigorous kiss, leaving her lipstick on his face a little and the audience in a laughing fit.
"I don't want to fail at this. I make so many mistakes. I want to get this right," Cas said with an earnest look.
"I think I'm adorable," Dean smirks as he sauntered over to the angel. Cas simply raised an eyebrow at him.
"What - what did you do?" Cas said, suddenly panicky. "I can barely see you," he said, grasping Dean's face.
"This! With him! Cas I - I yelled at him. He's just a baby. I screamed at him," Dean explained. He let out a shaky, sorrowful breath and rubbed his face before continuing. “I didn't talk for a whole year after mom died. Not a peep. You know why I think that was? Every time Sammy cried, he fucking yelled at him, Dad yelled. Sammy doesn't remember, but I do. I can't- I gotta -,"
Dean was delighted with every increasingly urgent sound Cas made. He knew he couldn't make this last much longer - they'd been at it for what felt like ages and had been tired before they'd begun - but he was going to be sad when it was over. He wasn't sure how often or what even triggered this awareness and intimacy and connection with their bond in him, and he was scared he wouldn't be able to let his guard down enough to do it again. This was so different. So
Dean felt Castiel trembling and he could only imagine the angel's thoughts were similar to his. Dean felt so overwhelmed. The tears that threatened him earlier came spilling out quietly but now from relief, shock, joy, and confusion instead of shame and rejection.
Cas didn't say anything, but he melted into the embrace, breathing in the hunter's scent and trying to calm down.
The idea filled Cas with dread. He wasn't sure why Dean was angry and he certainly did not  want to instigate anything that could upset him further.
Sam, still looking at Eileen with a dopey grin, whispered, "Shut up." A moment passed and he added softly as she showed Jack how much ice to add, "but yeah. You're not wrong."
"I am not, Sam. He proved to me that he is the wrong one, not me. I am poorer in money but not in love. Not in the riches that count. And I did not strike him in return, so he will have to be the one to know he could not quell his baser nature. I bear the bruise, but he bears the burden and that seems just so."
"Cas?" He asked, smiling softly and biting his lower lip, as he still lazily ruffled the angels feathers.
They stayed like that for a while, limbs tangled together, just enjoyed the warmth and the presence of one another, gazing into one another's eyes. Castiel gently took Dean's hand and stroked his thumb back and forth tenderly. There was a comfortable peace and intimacy between them.
Dean wiped his hand across his face and waited for Sam to respond. When he didn't, he barked "And you know what I've been working my ass off here with Cas and you've been out getting your brains porked out and playing hookie in Sioux Falls. I
Cas sighed and shook his head. "No. No one else has a vessel that can hold Jack's powers. His power is highly specialized. It can't be contained in a normal vessel."
Cas had been thinking of learning to cook for some time, but he realized that this was more a matter of subjective taste and performance than a precision task. He needed to be able to cook food
“I know you care so much for your gardens, your flowers. I knew you spoke of secret meanings of the flowers and plants and I wished to know you better by knowing your interests.”
Sam walked in, giving Rowena a fond look as he passed her. "Jody called. She's coming in for a visit, she's gonna spend the weekend work-shopping with the new hunters helping them create good aliases and guiding them on talking to law enforcement. She also said to tell you that you don't send enough pictures of Jack," he smiled.
"No," Cas said, a little more firmly. "Should I be? Do you...wish I was? Dean, I assumed you knew, truly. I'm sorry I wasn't more clear. I know it's typical to ask for marriage, but it seemed natural the way we did it. I didn’t intend to overstep any bounds. Living as a human can be confusing at times. We seemed to have all the necessary parts of the arrangement in place." He stepped back from the hunter a bit, crossing his arms and looking down. His wings were slumping low.
"I wanna believe you want what - what I want… and I wanna tell you what I need. I fucking do. But the words, they're… stuck. On the tip of my tongue. I can't get 'em out." Dean rubbed his face in his hands and looked at the floor.
The shame slowly dried up and quiet contentment took its place. They embraced for a few more moments and decided to go back inside. It was time to focus on family, now, not each other. They had the rest of their lives to celebrate together.
"What took you so long, man? Did you get lost on the way here?" Dean joked, trying to sound confident.
“Are we- ohhh, that’s… mmm…. Are we getting too old for shower sex?” Cas asked as he grabbed the hunter’s ass and ground against him, delighting in the heat of the hunter’s body and the coolness of the shower wall behind him.
He stayed there a minute, looking at Cas. “You know,” he said out loud to the unconscious angel, “I do love you too. I guess she’s right. It’ll all work out.”
"Love you, too," the hunter panted softly. He still blushed every time he said it. It still wasn't easy to say, but he wanted Cas to hear it.
"Alright, then. Let's make a 'map' to the life we want to live," he said with an affectionate smile.
"Dean?" Cas said. He could feel a sudden shift in the hunter’s mood - the longing was so strong, and there was such fear and sadness that Cas almost felt it physically pulling him. He could feel the heartbeat of the righteous man as if it were his own, pounding in his ears. He felt the silent begging Dean was doing unconsciously. He could practically hear Dean's longing shouting at him to
After a few moments, the call ended and Dean turned to Cas and began rattling off the to-do list to get Jack well.
Abigail took the information with obvious distrust etched onto her features, but stayed silent. Cas looked over at Dean, who was still seething.
The angel took the baby and gently placed him back in the pack and play, sparing an affectionate stroke in his sweet round cheek. Jack squirmed and sighed slightly, but remained asleep.
A reminder that I update any relevant tags with each new chapter, so please do be sure to check that out if you're ever worried. I have some weird things that trigger me and I am likely to over-tag rather than under tag.
Again, Cas brought him right to the edge. Dean eagerly writhed under Castiel's all-over invisible touch, his toes curled, he gasped and then let out a shuddering moan as quiet as he could manage, and his eyes squeezed shut and he felt the hot tension inside him ready to release and -
pull back and you only stick around because you made a promise to me - not because you want to be here? You drink yourself stupid - alone - and won't let me or even Sam help you? After all that talk of just needing me to forgive myself, after all that, this is what you do, huh? You want me to have healthier habits and here you are, an angel, drunk and mopey?" His voice fluctuated between burning anger and cold resignation.
“I don’t want to be the kind of partner that yells at you. I don’t want to make you feel less than. I can be better than that. I can talk to you like a person. I can tell you how I feel without ripping you asunder. Dean, I’m sorry.”
"'Hmm'? Just 'hmm'? All that happened last night, all this with your… crazy cool wings, and just 'hmm'? That's all you have to say?" Dean said, beginning to feel defensive.
After a moment she smiled brightly and tapped her lower lip with her index finger. "Or!" She exclaimed, "I can just give them to Cas to read to him and then I can teach him to play video games!"
"Stop, please," he begged quietly. This was not what he'd expected. He'd thought Dean would yell for a while and then that would be it. He would have preferred that in this instance.
"Hmm. Not only that, not anymore. You’ve found a new way to lead your mind away from destruction. Creating things - like the garden and the box."
"Yeah, it's me. Kid Wonder decided to just turn me into motherfucking Princess Leia. Now fix me!" Dean said, stomping furiously and crossing his arms. His eyes flitted down as he did so with a bewildered look before he looked back at Cas, sticking his arms poker straight at his sides.
"You sound like the adults on the Peanuts," he interrupted. "Waa waa waa, waa waa, waa waa. But thanks for the books."
With an eager growl and a few swift motions, Dean was lifting Cas from the chair and capturing him in a smouldering kiss, not shy or chaste like the one they shared in the alpha's old bedchamber, but needy and indecent in the most delicious ways. The alpha's hand clutched sweetly at Castiel's face and Dean growled into Castiel's mouth as his tongue sought entrance to his omega's mouth, which Cas eagerly gave.
They swapped dirty secrets for a while longer, but eventually the topics became more wholesome after a while of chatting. Sam and Rowena were learning sign, but Cas was the only one completely fluent she could talk with for now. They would talk for a long time when they could.
- it's fine, but… I don't know like it's this dirty, gross part of me and if you don't have a reason to be - there, I don't know, man! It just seems weird!" He babbled, uncomfortably shifting back and forth and finally retreating into the stream of water to rinse, shaking his head vigorously under the faucet as if to clear it.
Castiel nodded, still standing close to Dean, and took another deep inhale through his nose, breathing in the heady scent of the alpha.
"Hey! Sam this is no time to crack up, man," Dean hissed, grabbing Sam's hand. "It's our first date. And he's never been on one. I can't let him down, okay? Give me some ideas, dammit!" he whispered in a harsh tone, eyes wide.
Later, Sam observed Dean with a quiet curiosity. He was oddly quiet, but there was a sort of contented peace radiating from him that Sam wasn't sure he'd ever seen. He seemed happy, and not in the usual excited childish way Dean experienced happiness, but in a genuine, bone-deep way. It warmed Sam's heart to see him that way. Cas also seemed different, but it was always hard for the younger Winchester to read him. As much as he considered Css a dear friend and like family, he was still more or less a mystery in many ways.
"You talk so much. Shh," Cas said and closed his mouth over Dean's in another kiss, softer and slower.
"Do you really want to? It’s just that that change was so sudden… I don't want to accept something you are just performing. I want you, the real you," Cas muttered. Dean's bedroom eyes and soft caresses were doing nothing to strengthen his resolve.
Next he cut a bit of the brie and he set the brie in Dean's ready mouth, wiping the remainder along his bottom lip - a little more awkwardly than Dean had done, admittedly, but judging by the look on the hunter's face, he didn't seem to mind. As Dean's tongue swiped across to get the cheese left behind, he moaned softly. The barely audible sound sent electric thrills through Castiel's vessel. Cas nervously looked over at Jack - still asleep. He still reached over and turned him slightly away once again to be safe.
When the hunter softly rubbed his thumb in a slow circle where it sat on Cas's arm, Cas couldn't hold it back any longer. He tried to keep silent. He tried not to let his body shake as tears flooded and spilled over. The rivulets spilled down his cheeks and made the pillow wet beneath his face.
“That may be, but I panicked and didn’t know what else to say,” Castiel said, deadpan. “With that said, I would like to apologize for… well, as you stated we do have two rooms to choose from.”
Sarah took their orders and the night progressed. The couple talked and laughed easily. Dean was worried at one point that one of the other customers might have something to say, but if so they kept it to themselves. Dean winked dramatically Cas as he used his foot to stroke along the angel's lower leg, which made Cas smile shyly.
“Our future…” He relaxes, allowing a few more kisses before he starts again. “Y’know, I… I thought I’d never get to say that. Figured, after Jack took the reigns from Chuck, this was all we’d get and – and having everyone back was nice. But you weren’t there, and I hurt. When you died, I wanted to sit there and let myself waste away and join you. Except if I did, you’d be so angry and – that’s what’s been keeping me going. You loved me so much – and were pained whenever I was… I couldn’t do that to myself. Punishing myself wouldn’t be fair. So I thought about
“I don’t,” he concedes, dragging his hand along the counter as he moves closer to the doors. “But that doesn’t matter. Because I’m going in there, and you can’t stop me.”
“But they’re totally hip!” Claire protests, playing with her glasses, “Plus they make me look like Gloria Steinem – so of course I was getting them.”
“Sammy…” Sighing, Dean sets his phone down on the nightstand closest to his side. “Think you’d take even the
Which he does after saving his work. Slowly making his way down towards the garage, too confused to fly there, he catches the excited voices of his fathers talking over one another.
and tip her off.” He slipped into an old flannel, worn at the elbows from use, and gestures at his outfit. “You think this is good enough?”
The past few weeks were wonderful for Jack. Having a hobby made a huge difference in his life, providing the sense of connection he sorely lacked. Especially since he wasn’t allowed to leave the Bunker without supervision. His fathers’ worry for him was an obstacle the Internet was able to overcome.
“But you’re here,” she pestered him, a sly smile crawling across her face as she noticed him squirming, like a worm wriggling for traction in mud. “Why?” Dean remained tight lipped. Mia pushed further. “Therapy didn’t seem like your thing earlier.”
. But as he was getting the van ready, I saw this payphone and… I just…” Cas breathes so sharply it breaks the ballooning silence that overtook the room during Kaia’s story. She hadn’t noticed, but Dean and Claire did. He bends towards a nearby pile, sifting through it. Kaia’s narration a soundtrack for his frantic actions. “I had to call Margie, in the moment. It felt like the right thing. ‘Cept it was so early, I got her voicemail. Started rambling… nonsense, man. Probably wasn’t making any sense. But before I could even get to the goodbye tall guy grabs the phone and slams it on the receiver. Drags me back to the van and shoves me in, because by then I was like a fucking ragdoll. It should’ve been a sign, the look on his face was so… I barely knew the man but I felt his disappointment crashing into me. Couldn’t think about it too much, someone was putting a joint in my mouth and it… it all went…”
Being a nephilim again unsettles Jack. He’s unsure if it’s because of the extraordinarily long time he spent as human, the fact that the grace burning within was not originally his own, or how Jack feels a strange emptiness inside. Maybe a combination of all three. It doesn’t matter the cause, though, because he worries more about the effect on him
The engine roared, overpowering the blood rushing past his ears. Dean demolished the speed limit easily, bulleting across the asphalt, pedal his trigger. It’s early enough he needn’t worry about highway patrolmen or wayward pedestrians. He drove fast, loose, and recklessly. Fuck Vin Diesel, Dean thought. Vin had nothing on
Cas turned, squinting at Dean, then, instead of his reflection. “I thought you told Sam we were heading to the library, for research.”
trip around America. A man on a mission, only staying until he heard the whispers of a rumor or an old memory resurfaces and guides him elsewhere. Cas listens while Dean glosses through the bullet points. Hitchhiking in the beginning until he saved enough money for a rust bucket van that gave him wheels
Unfortunately for the greedy would-be tycoon, a horrible storm washed through that scuttled half his properties. Sold the remaining buildings at a loss while running with his tail between his legs. The new owners bided their time with the bungalows, for whatever reason, long enough they became infested with the nastiest kind of pests –
Dean nodded, “Figured a badge and gun might make her antsy, raise unwanted suspicion. Going in as a new patient’ll help me fly under her radar.” He paused, clearly thinking about what he will say next. He swung his keys around his pointer finger, metal jingling with every spin. “Plus,” he added, “wanted to check in, see if you were ready to join me. United front and all that… going in blind’d be better with two bodies rather than one.”
Then, as he waits for his next babysitter, Lucifer’s eyes glow red. “Because soon enough… you won’t even have
Dean raises his arms, readying a response. Cas braces for an impact. Oddly, nothing comes. His arms hang limp, fight bleeding out his frame. “Fine,” he says, “you want to call me the bad guy? Go ahead. Because I am. I’m bad – a
Sam trailed behind her, Dean, too, judging from his footsteps. He paused in the doorway, however, remembering Jack and how he shouldn’t leave him alone. As he was about to double back, he bumped into Dean who hissed, “watch out” while shoving him off. Sam’s gaze dipped low, then, hearing a familiar giggle. Jack beamed up at Sam from his carrier; it gently swinging, held in Dean’s hand. Sam glanced at Dean, his older brother knowing well to avoid the other’s gaze. “What?” Dean mumbled, “Shouldn’t we see what Mia’s doing? For all we know, she’s out the door while we dawdle here…”
Castiel pauses, biting his lip. He nearly revealed to Dean some truths he’d rather not disturb lest Dean’s opinion of him change. If Castiel began speaking about his family, it would only result in more questions that could lead to Dean discovering some truths that would best remain buried.
“Nope! No wife,” Dean cuts in too quickly, blushing, “I mean – I wouldn’t… wives and me don’t mix. Kinda not interested in their whole… deal…”
Luckily, someone nearby clears their throat. Cooling them. Dean retreats towards his shoes, grabbing them off the counter this time. Trading them for the file. He claims the recently empty couch, Claire and Kaia uncomfortably fidgeting near the door. “Hey,” Claire starts, hooking her thumb behind her, “we’re gonna dip… someone’s gotta be going my way, right?”
Eve smiles, “Perfect.” They enter what looks like a kitchen, with advanced appliances, wooden cupboards hanging over marbled counters, and a fully stocked wine rack that runs from ceiling to floor. Another woman stands nearby it, between that and an open screen door showing part of a backyard. She runs a feather duster across each bottle, swatting dust off arrhythmically. Cas trails his gaze downward, appreciating the curve and how the cut of her dress ends before her ass does. His cock rises somewhat imagining a scene where it were gone completely, and all her beautiful copper skin were on display.
Cas notes this development in his pad, squinting. “So, this newfound… conscious, that he found while in recovery, that bothered you?”
Cas stepped onto the grass, closing the door as Dean rounded the hood. Their audience barely paid them mind since arriving. Giggling like mad, crawling deeper into their van. He tucks his keys away, jogging after Dean. The other man striding forward without waiting for Cas.
Noticed, he shuffles further into the room and towards the group. “Yes, Dean said we were going out…?”
What did you think? I'd love to hear - especially about who Mia shifted into. I think that would have been a better way to bring JDM back then the Lebanon episode, at least it would have made more sense lol.
“It was definitely before,” Cas says, “I remember you mentioning that the only thing you’d keep on was your ring.”
Mind reeling, Jack wonders over the oddity of the three men in the car. They decided, in a burst of spontaneity, to have a picnic. The very same thing Jack wrote about earlier. Stranger that Sam gave Jack his spot, folding himself into the back row with a smile. Usually Sam only sits there as a last resort, ready to complain. It seems his mood was too bright that a curved spine couldn't dull its shine. A horn cuts across his thoughts, and Jack spies Dean with his hand against the wheel.
A cat hisses from the side. Cas startles, whirling around, watching it dart into view from the nearby alleyway. Rat dead in its maw, followed by an equally mangy cat of a different coloring. They step over feet and run, ignorantly, into the fray of traffic. Someone honks, and one of the cats shrieks. Both animals disappear behind the taco shop.
“Nope,” he says, leaving the bathroom. Jumping out from the mirror. “Not going there… not this early…”
“You just… you make me so mad! Castiel, you gotta – you gotta understand, I mean…” Chuck wipes at his cheek, palm lingering there while their gazes meet. “You’re an angel. A – uh… a simple
“It’s not like you haven’t seen one of these before, Dean.” Nothing. “Albeit, it’s probably larger than what you’re used to…” Cas sighs, waiting. Dean will not take the bait.
A minute passed, and it’s doubtful the little guy would lose steam soon. Dean sighed. He pushed off the wall, passing Sam as he followed the noisy little bastard. Sam stayed right behind him, heavy footsteps and chiding tone mixing with the crying to shred Dean’s nerves into oblivion. “You are not doing this, Dean,” Sam hissed, tugging on his elbow, “we need to
scammed bigoted jerks for all they had? Scamming definitely feels like something that’s for gays only.”
Cas counts in his head, flexing against the steering wheel. He hisses slowly between his lips and plasters on a fake smile after, staring ahead with immeasurable force. “You’re wrong Dean. I don’t consider myself high… but man, I wish I were for
It’s strange, seeing Dean carefree in this way. There were no traces of self-destruction or childishness. Instead, it was a more mature expression. Of being at peace. Like all the warring shards of Dean lay their arms down and united towards a common goal. One Sam can get behind, even if he needs time getting used to Dean’s new quirks.
Dean gagged. The toxic rush of seconds ago disappeared, spilling out from the seam Sam pulled loose.
He can’t think of a reasonable explanation, because Blue Eyes finally speaks. “Hey babe,” he growls, Dean jolting from the pitch, like he stepped, shoeless, on glass shards littering the floor. An abundance of them must slip loose from Blue Eyes’ mouth whenever it opens after they shredded his vocal cords. “Sorry I’m late, traffic was
“I said it’s nothing, okay?” He stood, body rigid and tense like a taut bowstring. “I think we’re done here.”
She nods, carelessly knocking ash onto the ground. Cas waits while Eve digests the information, scribbling nonsensical shorthand onto his notepad. Eve barks with laughter, startling him. Wiping the sheen from her forehead she leans her elbow on the table. “I don’t think the ramblings of a disgruntled ex-wife will make any change, especially since I’m still living in his house – still use his last
“No, Hoover would never get his hands dirty if he can help it.” He shifts onto his ass, hissing when he sees the expected cut on his knee. “By the way,” Cas asks, rubbing at the blood, “What happened to the suit’s loafers?”
“I… I – uh…” Dean had a response. A common one he trotted out whenever a question like this appeared. Now, he finds the stable empty. He has nothing. “I…”
“Help, sure…” Rufus drawls, a rough chuckle escaping, “at first, that’s what it looks like. Help you make
Someone clears their throat, drawing Cas’s attention from his embarrassment. A woman rises from where she sat on the farthest point of the circle. She brushes her hands on her jeans before folding them behind her. “Hello,” she says, smiling, “Are you here for the meeting?”
They break from their embrace, Dean pouting at Sam. “Let us go somewhere we can be alone,” Dean says, “maybe out in nature… we can walk among the trees and hold hands and you can watch me do some yoga because I am
He situates himself in a dark corner of the alley way between two cans and facing the abandoned building. Cas unzips himself, bloated cockhead flopping into the stale air. “That’s why underwear’s useless…” he mutters to no one, aiming at the bend where structure meets asphalt and easing the locks on his floodgate. It trickles, and then rushes out of him. A hiss of pleasure leaves his lips as he adjusts his stance. Cas braces his free hand on the boarded-up window in front of him and slides one foot back when the puddle of his pee drifts close. His sandal catches on a loose piece of paper, and if he wore the cheap plastic ones like every other stoner instead of investing in his leather strapped beauties, he would have lost it in the struggle. What happens is Cas rights himself quickly, aided unknowingly by the piece of wood nailed onto the building.
until a familiar cough startles him from his shock. Cas crushes the book, spinning on his heel. Dean catching him red-handed. “Um…”
The salt-and-pepper guard rocking a broomstick mustache paired alongside a cheap tie responds with a bored stare and croaky voice. “What business are you here for?”
story ever. One that would prove without doubt Jack played God. He spent all night typing the story – adding in whatever crazy idea flittered into his mind. Then, when finished, Jack flew to different stores and grabbed a few necessary props for morning. After laying them outside the doors of his fathers' rooms, Jack returned to the setting of his fiction.
Kelly flinches at the nickname, Cas not too numb to feel immediately bad at calling her that. Before he can apologize, she releases the stranglehold on her ring finger and sucks a deep, shuttering breath down. “Looking back… yes, I could have,” she starts, concentrating on a far-off point behind him. “But when you’re that young and-and hungry… you’ll eat up any attention that comes your way. Especially to the first person who you
Dressed in a pea green suede blazer, salmon button-down, and his cleanest corduroys, Cas waltzed into the Information Center. “Hi,” he said, flashing the pale, platinum blonde behind the front desk a charming grin, “I’m looking for a professor here. A Mr. Pellegrino?”
Quite some time later he’s roused from his wakeful rest by Dean. “Hey,” Dean starts, “did you fall asleep?”
"Wait," he said. Cas let go of the man and stepped back, his brow furrowed and face serious. Dean's heart thudded violently from anxiety.
"I… Cas… I, um…" Dean was so close to Cas he would swear he could count his eyelashes. His drunken brain must have taken another step - or stumble - closer to the angel without realizing it. This idea solidified when he realized Cas was grasping his forearm to support him. As Dean stalled, his mind went free-spinning into a complete panic and froze. Castiel cocked his head in that typical Cas way to indicate he was confused. But Dean's drowsy, whiskey addled mind thought he was tilting his head to angle in, to capture the intimacy he was so afraid of expressing, to absolve Dean of the need to
“Oh shit! Right, okay, I know you’ve said that. I just forget sometimes about your background mojo. So they’re both into each other, like, for real, right?”
"Mm," Cas grumbled. He did wiggle his vessel's fingers and toes. "Dean… I think I'm cold," the angel said curiously.
They stayed like that for several minutes, Dean curled into the warm, strong wing that Cas folded around him. Dean stroking the wing and looking down, fixated on the colorful iridescent sheen of the dark black and blue feathers. Cas rubbing Dean's other hand, keeping it warm.
"Yes, yes, yes," Cas whispered, and Dean hummed a satisfied sound before slowly, tenderly placing his lips on Cas's.
Cas cleared his throat, trying to unstick the words. "Ah… I don't know what that means. I would like more contact, including sexual contact, with you as well. I… have wanted that with you for some time."
They played a few games of rummy, then Eileen told them it was time for gifts. She handed Dean a brown paper bag. "Sorry. I don't wrap gifts," she said with a shrug and a smile.
"Well, that's a lot of power to give a three-year-old. Sammy, he was excited when he learned how to pop his fucking gum. I don't think giving him free reign over the universe is the best idea."
He closed his eyes and let himself follow the gentle pull of Castiel's grace until he was not aware of air in his lungs or the sun warming his skin or the breeze in his hair. He felt like he was floating and he could perceive millions of colors even though he still didn't understand just how he was doing so. He understood this time that it didn't matter how. He could believe it without understanding it.
Dean turned to face him, making awkward hand gestures and trying to find the right words. "I - no, Cas… well. It's
The joke did relax him a bit. Cas was just a really intense guy sometimes. He didn't want to be held to some holy standard - that was a concept utterly doomed to fail. But then again, Cas had a complicated view of holiness and god and reverence. When they first met, Cas never would have made a joke about god snoring. Dean smiled. Cas was really something else.
I TOLD YOU it was kind of stupid! =D  I hope you liked it anyway. <3 It was a lot of fun to write. I'm thinking of having a little holiday intermission for the boys and Jack. I don't know about you guys, but seeing Dean and Cas be good dads is so endearing. <3 Let me know if you liked the chapter and if you're interested in the holiday intermission! I can post it in a one-shot maybe if y'all would like that better. You are all the best! Your kudos and comments just absolutely MAKE MY DAY! ^_^ I know I say that all the time, but it really means so much to me how supportive you all are. <3
Cas worked on the tail for a few more minutes, occasionally looking up at Dean's face with a smile. This was completely stupid to Cas, but the frivolity and excitement Dean had were rubbing off on him.
"So… you don't. You're just hoping," Billie said flatly. Their voice dripped with a vague, unimpressed disgust.
"Our fault it happened to start with, Sam. You could pitch in more y'know, you overgrown sasquatch. You don't help at all. Cas and I have all the sleepless nights and you spend your days making excuses to go nerd out in the library so you don't have to help."
Cas observed but didn't notice any sort of relationship between the timing of Jack's squirming and the clapping. He decided not to ruin Dean's excitement and simply smiled and nodded.
"Yeah, I know. I will. And then I'll scrub my jacket and wash it while you clean the kid," he said, frowning.
“Love you, Dad, love you, Papa," with a wide, innocent grin that betrayed his childhood before he dissolved into light, dissipating his form back into the Universe.
Cas tilted his head and furrowed his brow. "You want me to stop so I can give you sugar? We didn't bring any."
Inside were two silver necklaces, just small silver discs, one inlaid with a small blue half-spherical stone and one inlaid with green. The edges of the discs and around the base of the stones had some simple Celtic knotwork neatly lining the edges. They were simple and small, but elegant. Both were fixed on black leather cords. Dean held them both up to look at them, shining in the light.
“Um, hello,” Cas said stiffly. They all piled into the kitchen and Dean passed Jack off to Sam, who had learned that he had to fight Rowena to keep her from hogging him. Apparently, she was a far better auntie than mummy, because she couldn’t keep her hands off of Jack. “He’s my nephew too now, let me get to know him,” Sam grouched.
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
He held up a lumpy sock full of something, then shook it out. A wad of cash, a debit card, a picture of the two of them, and a cassette tape bounced onto the dull beige comforter.
Cas gripped Dean tight and held him as the hunter's body was wracked with sobs, deep and wild, as if something had broken loose inside.
“Abigail, we’ll give you some time to think about this. You can leave unharmed if you only comply and bear witness,” Cas said softly. He led Dean away, and Sam began painting a circle of holy oil on the ground and lit it. He looked over his shoulder at the bound angel for a moment before closing and locking the door and painting a warding sigil on it.
After Dean enjoyed and swallowed the first bite, he looked at Cas, heart aflutter. "Mmm! Dude what is this made of? It's so fucking good." Dean didn't think you should get a boner from food, but he was pretty sure that this burger had the power to do it.
Dean chuckled, panting as he came down the stairs, he said, "The normal stuff - groceries, beer, formula - but I also got stuff for Jack's room. And I called Sammy. I told him we ain't changing him back, hell or high water. He's still arguing but I'll win 'cause I'm pretty sure he's...still busy."
Cas sighed and pursed his lips before relaxing a bit and answering flatly, "No. Sam is correct. He was just moving in an arrhythmic way."
The three hours went by quickly. The couple dressed and prepared for Sam's arrival. They peeked in on their sweetly sleeping babe and they smiled softly as they watched him dream before heading to the War Room to wait. But three hours turned to four.
Cas looked at Jack sympathetically. “It’s tragic that you don’t have teeth. I think you’re really going to enjoy bacon one day.”
“I know. Yeah, that’s good for them, I don't get it. But it’s not where I’d take you if it was our honeymoon.”
"Enough! Both of you!" Cas shouted sharply. It took Dean off guard enough that he jumped in his seat. Neither brother said anything for a moment.
Dean blushed. "Whatever, Sammy." He grumbled. Sam just chuckled. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see that Dean was smiling though.
"What color were they? Before what?" Dean could tell Cas was avoiding the heart of the subject and he was getting upset.
Sam laughed. "No, thanks. I've had enough of Jack's antics. We're good here -," again, Dean could hear Jody protesting in the background.
“I wish you could see how you look right now. Perfect,” Cas murmured, his gaze intent and his own breath almost as stilted as Dean’s. Seeing the hunter in such a state wrecked him and he loved it.
"What's wrong, what happened?" the hunter said urgently, crossing the distance across the room to them. He stroked Cas's back soothingly and looked back and forth at them.
A stupid grin spread over Dean's face. “Alright. Yeah, yeah,” he chuckled softly, trying to mentally catalog everything he’d imagined bringing.
happiness. Having you, in whatever way you’d let me. Because there you were, this shining beacon, and for some reason you kept on letting me bask in your glow. I felt I… I didn’t deserve it. That I didn’t deserve
Dean squints, dragging his gaze across it. When he spies a ragged, black piece of seaweed drifting with the tide, his hold on Castiel’s wrist becomes too tight. “Awesome!” he cries, “So cool like, seriously –“
Alone, Sam balanced the baby bag and Jack’s carrier in his hands. He chased after Dean, climbing the steps as a man, tall, white and utterly average, descended. They bumped shoulders, Sam mumbling an apology on reflex. He heard the passerby say something while Jack spewed raspberries in response. He didn’t give it more thought than that.
Dean watches them, skin clammy and pale. Bangs plastered to his forehead, from either sweat, tap water, or a mixture of the two. He redressed in his square suit from the previous day, although more sloppily assembled. Shirt untucked, tie loose around his neck. His armor returned save for shoes and socks that were abandoned elsewhere, out of reach.
He glances at the flyer, frowning. “Actually,” Cas says, “you mind if I show you something?” When Andy nods, Cas flashes Jack’s flyer at him. “Does this look familiar to you?”
“Uh…” He asked himself the same question. Sam’s brows dipped into a shallow grave above his head. “Maybe,” he answered her, “But not in the way you might think? Like… I missed her, back before, but I didn’t know her. Now I miss her but I… I got to know her? She’s
, exactly?” He slammed the refrigerator door, startling both of them and the baby. Jack’s wailing picked up where he left off, although sharper and more annoying. Dean pushed into Sam, instinct urging him to soothe like he did earlier. Dean stopped himself, hesitating. He spun on his heel, leaving where he came in.
. Cas throws Dean onto the bed, his mouth attacking Dean’s neck. His hand trails down Dean’s side, tickling and teasing him.
“I’m sorry,” Cas interrupted him, squinting. Head skewed off to the side, “When did this become a recruitment drive? Are you going to tell me I should sign up for the war before the draft calls my number? That maybe one day we can be partners and go all Dragnet on some motherfuckers?”
isn’t…” He sobs, grabbing for his father’s wrist with his other hand, “I meant what I said. I’m tired of fighting of – of going around in circles. We’ve played out the same fights thousands of times… I can’t ask you to be blind to what it’s doing to us any longer.”
“When I was younger,” Dean starts, a small smile on his face, “Back before my dad was… who he is now. When my mom was still alive, she’d tuck me in and she’d… she’d sing me a lullaby. It’d change from time to time, but whenever I was feeling low she’d always go with ‘Hey, Jude’. Then she’d kiss my forehead and… and tell me that no matter what happens – no matter how bad I feel – that there’s always someone looking out for me. She’d say it was angels up in Heaven…”
He whipped her hard, the crack reverberating and making Sam’s nerves shake. Blood spurted out of Mia’s nose. She wiped it as she recovered, panting. “You wanna say that again?” Buddy asked.
Cas knocks that train off its tracks before it reaches the station. “He and Jack definitely met, but not like that. Ol’ Nick didn’t want anything to do with him then and hadn’t changed in all those years.”
There were more pressing matters at hand. Like Kaia, the most recent addition to their group. Finished with her cereal, she carried the empty bowl over and dropped it into an overflowing sink. Ran the water during beats where neither he nor Dean spoke. Careful, like she was listening. “Kaia,” Cas looks at her, “you have anything you want to add?”
Cas’s stomach curdles. It was obvious what Dean’s motivations were – had been repeating them near constantly since his story began – but hearing it again turns everything sour. Gives the previous mention about the lengths he’d go for his brother a darker edge. “And what about the kids?” Cas levels a fierce glare at the detective, “Were they important?”
He spied Cas’s body immediately, laid atop the kitchen table. Sam rearranged him during transit, closing his eyes and setting Cas’s arms at his sides. If he weren’t thinking about it constantly, weren’t reminded of Cas’s current state with every beat of his own heart, Dean might believe Cas was asleep. Or, at the very least, imitating it, since angels can’t sleep. They can’t eat. There’s a lot they can’t do. And Cas won’t ever not do any of that, not anymore.
“And I didn’t think you were the type of man who approaches other men in dark alley ways, Dean,” Cas tells him, “so I guess we’re both trying new things today.”
Dean and Cas enter in a much worse state. Unknown to Jack, the weather was not the best for a lengthy hike through the woods. Both men are soaked and splattered with mud, tracking it everywhere on their descent.
Dean darts a fearful gaze at the ocean, swallowing past a shell in his throat. “You sure?” he asks, “Couldn’t we just tread water up here under the sun?”
giving so much of yourself to him,” Chuck whispers, prodding. Breath felt as he rasped in his ear. “Isn’t it tiring? Disappointing he doesn’t do the same?”
“Hobbies are about what you find interesting,” he reminds himself, “And my fathers are the most interesting people in the world…”
“Sure, right…” Dean angled his head away from Mia, muttering in Sam’s ear, “Seems like she knows about the deaths, and she’s a shifter. If you keep distracting her, I can sneak the gun out of your pocket and –“
, last night,” Cas explains, arms crossed over his chest. Musters an intimidating stare. “With the punch bowl… and
“Nostalgia? Sentimentality? A reminder that it wasn’t all too bad,” she says, smiling, “It was the month before the fall semester, and I invited him to my parents’ property out there for the week. Being there… that was where I started thinking we were serious. One night we laid a blanket on the ground and spent the night counting constellations, and then we…” Blushing, she stutters over the implication. “It was part of a bunch of stuff of mine my parents kept tucked away in their attic. And I only got access to
“What?” Dean touches his bangs, as if remembering they were there. Like having hair brushed aside, flopping over his ears and curling at the nape of his neck were
“It’s not okay, Dean. Fuck!” His shout echoes towards the moon, filling the space left by clear California night. “What if I asked you while you were driving, we could have…”
Dean inches closer worryingly. “Shit… you’re not gonna get in some serious trouble for helping me, are you?”
“Maybe we can skip rocks,” Castiel suggests to him, “It’s a very simple activity… but I find the act is such a profound metaphor for life. That even the lightest of touches can have a ripple effect which -”
Kaia remains silent at Claire’s side. His niece answers for her, “Dad won’t mind an extra mouth around the house, for a few days. At least until Kaia decides what she wants to do next.”
“And look how well that’s worked out for you.” Hurt stains Dean’s cheeks, too wrecked he cannot hide the wound. Cas curses, pinching his temple, “I’m sorry, that – that was a low blow.” Whistling, Cas moves so his toes laid over Dean’s. Runs gentle fingers through Dean’s bangs. He doesn’t fight, which Cas takes as a sign he can continue. “You said earlier that this…
that, y’know? Some peace… for the both of us.” Despite his eyes being closed, tears continue to fall. “Then, while you were taking all that in, I’d grab your hand real smooth like, tell you I love…” He chokes on it. Dean pushes against his fear, straining. “Telling you I love you, and how loving you makes life feel like being in this field all the time. That, in spite of our pasts, we can have peace and we can be together – we can be
“Goin’ by a different name at the time but, yeah…” Dean pressed his face against the glass for a better look, drooling on the surface as the shock paralyzed the simplest of functions. Only able to watch Sammy – ‘
“I can’t believe… I thought we were done with that when Dick left.” Ted presses a button on a nearby intercom, speaking into it. “Marjorie, can you please call security and tell them to sweep the office perimeter. There might be dangerous individuals skulking about.” He rubs a fist against his eye, huffing. “I really apologize for this tangent we found ourselves on, Emmanuel.”
Jack frowns. As Castiel tells him this, Jack searches within himself to find his soul. While he cannot find it, he does now understand the cold absence lodged in his chest. “Is it… bad, that I don’t have a soul?”
He slides off the table, glancing from Adam to the exit. Wonders if he can sprint fast enough, snatch his clothes, and jump into his Baby. Put Santa Fe in his rearview, even if it meant leaving Cas. Finding a new path home would serve him right, abandoning Dean immediately for Serafina. Former and current angel leaving for lunch, catching up after millennia apart. Dean stuck with Adam. Biding time, making awkward small talk; listening as he rambled on about differing memories patchworked together while he played hopscotch through his timeline. So bored and confused he didn’t realize what Adam offered until he locked the bathroom door behind Dean, instructions rattling around in his head. Towel in his arms instead of around his waist.
He glances up to see three sets of curious glares level themselves at Jack. Castiel steps forward, nominating himself leader of his tribunal. “What do you mean?”
He couldn’t sleep those next few nights. Cas caught on after his third bout with insomnia, bags heavy under his eyes. Looked across the canyon from his side of the bed, arms curled tight around himself. Chained there. “What’s wrong, Dean?” His fingers twitched in aborted need. Another easy piece that proved more difficult to fit into place. “Isn’t this what you wanted?”
“Of course not,” Crowley said, rolling another joint, “you cannot just walk in off the street, especially as you are now.” He slowly trailed his gaze down Cas’s body, scowling. “Security would be on your hippie ass as soon as you walked through the doors.”
here. I thought I’d never…” He shakes his head, casting the rest of his sentence away in favor of another. “What I’m trying to say is that I… I won’t ever forget you, man. You
Cas blindly scoops up more. The next scene has a man in it, obvious by the broad planes of his back and the tiny cut of his shorts. He floats in the air, captured in the midst of a jump into Shasta’s waters.
His skin burns from the dozen and counting stares boring into him, sweat charting a path from his forehead down to the collar of his plaid shirt. He shifts awkwardly on his feet. Coals burning through the thick, rubber soles of the boots he wore. Borrowed from Bobby for his disguise, so he can blend in as another average, boring, white man with a problem.
Cas peeks into the abandoned alley way, curious. There are a few trashcans, one tipped over with a ripped bag inches from the opening. Shadows cover most of the landscape though. More cats could lie in wait, still scouting for prey and not chasing after the first sign of fresh meat. Or there might be other animals, like raccoons, stray dogs that have high probabilities of carrying rabies, and so on.
It’s mostly junk, on his first try. Office supplies, blank templates, and forgotten receipts, all for for cheap, store-made pie. He abandons this and moves deeper, finding two sets of keys alongside a crumpled paper bag. Cas unfolds the origami ball carefully, only discovering its trash contents after the hard work. Sandwich paper smeared with mustard and a faded note from someone named Abby. Probably the life sentence Dean stood beside in the photo. A few more blank form templates make up the remainder of the second drawer’s contents.
A faint voice in the background of Jack’s mind tells him to leave Castiel be, that it would be rude to disturb him when he so clearly needs this time to rest. The words were soft and practically a whisper, and couldn’t overpower the strong desire to talk. Jack moves into the room, drawing Castiel’s attention.
“Hey, you want him to live a long and healthy life, right? Figured keeping me and him out of the same room would do just that.” Any further small talk ends when Claire steals the phone from her father, greeting him. “Hey Claire, you doing okay? Enjoying the freedoms of youth before adulthood bites and sucks it all out of you?”
but not really – and you know what it used to be? Some base of operations for this clinic. Real mouthful, let’s see if I can remember…” His lighter snaps open, flame kissing the twisted, paper tip. Cas breathes it in, stepping into Dean’s personal space. As he speaks the next few words, smoke curls around a blushing detective. “Institute for the Conscious Repair of the Human Soul?”
Charles meets his glare with one of his own. “And if they did?” he asks, “You think they will change their ways? Do you have enough faith in humanity or…” he casts his gaze behind Castiel, “are you blinded by the minute actions of one.”
“You kidding? A guy like you, wobbling around like a fawn – a sort of gay Bambi… you’d get eaten alive instantly. Or drugged.” He squeezed Sam’s shoulder, the finger of his other hand pressed into his brother’s chest like it was an intercom button, pushing so forcefully Dean thought it might burst through the other side. “I don’t need the stress of finding out you died at this gay bar because some idiot overestimated the amount of roofies they’d need to take down your elephant-sized ass.”
“That’s not funny, Dean,” Castiel scolds, “Whales have beautiful voices – I should know. A troupe of them sang for my Molting Day Ceremony.”
“Yeah,” he says, “them. I heard all I needed. Next thing I knew I was talking to my boss about becoming a detective, doing anything I could for that promotion.”
“And have people see you? Fat chance.” Dean reveals a black, rectangular box. Flips a switch that has his garage opening for them. Creaking slowly, loudly in this small quiet until the final panel fades. He clears his throat, “You can go now.”
“It’s unfortunate what happened to your mother,” Mia stressed, good mood tempered by Dean’s outburst, “but comfort
“We should take Jack trick-or-treating,” Cas said at dinner, a spoonful of mushed peas hovering between him and their son, Jack eyeing it and smacking his pea-stained lips together. “He never got to when he was… well, older, so this might be a good time?” Dean agreed with Cas. Sam and Eileen ditched them for dinner in town. “What costume should we dress him in?” he asked. Then, suddenly, with wide eyes and panic woven into his voice, “What are
Cas chuckled, turning to better nip at Dean’s lips. “If you keep that up then we’ll never make it out of here, Han.”
Figured he done all he could, Cas moved on. Emerged from the shadows and made a harsh pivot up the building’s steps. He scanned the surrounding area for any onlookers, glad the morning crowd wore their tired indifference to work. His luck fell short after that, because the front door handle would not budge.
Ten minutes passed, or so he thought. It might have been an hour. He lost track after the third song, when Cas drifted close to Dean. Whispered a joke about the guy frozen by a nearby window, drool cascading down his chin. The undercover detective threw his head back, barking with laughter. Resting it on Cas’s shoulder. Startled, Cas stopped dancing. Too focused on Dean’s belted joy than the fast tempo hit. Sense returning as Dean’s head lifted, shaking, hair flying.
“Hey,” Sam said later, Baby idling in front of a red light. Zeppelin blaring through her speakers, making conversation difficult. Dean lowered it for his brother. “What’d you think dad’d say, if he knew where we were going?”
Sam barely spent time in his room anymore save for when he needed sleep. The library became his central hub of activity once more, and all the times he wasn’t reading he caught up on the exercise he put off. Dashing off to jog his well-worn trail or stretching against the walls, he vibrated with a tremendous spirit.
Cas grabged a wrinkled white button-down from the pile and ironed it while eating a bowl of Frosted Flakes. Rushing, a bit of milk drips off his spoon, falling onto the shirt. He ran the iron over the stain until the patch of fabric was smooth and dry. His lone blue suit, even more wrinkled, Cas left alone. Only spraying air freshener around it to dilute the clinging aroma of grass.
Somehow, an endless cycle of near-death experiences made things simpler. Being trapped in a never-ending story meant exactly that. They would live forever. Exist in the unknown, remain unchanged.
Andy nearly trips on the fencing, shouting, “I’m okay!” It drags a heavy sigh from Cas’s lip, regret fogging his breath instead of preferred grass.
on Earth… with you.” His hand moves, cupping Dean’s cheek. Thumb brushes his lip. “And when our time comes, I’ll rejoin Heaven at your side.”
“Are you…” the woman squints at him, wrinkles texturing her pretty Home-and-Gardens-cover-model face. “Are you really Cas Novak? The detective?”
Thrill shoots up his spine with how Dean looks at him. Bolsters Cas while he further twists Dean’s nipples. “Experience? I doubt locking up boozehounds can count for
Sam’s expression rapidly shifts. From happiness, to confusion, then understanding. Lands on shock once Dean’s words click. “Union?” he asks, “What union?”
Dean played with the ends of his leather vest, staring at himself in the floor-length mirror leaning against his bedroom wall. He hunched over, neck bent at a half-angle so his whole body might fit inside the frame. They purchased it months before, he and Sam, at an estate sale they happened upon while driving home from a hunt. Sam bitched about how goddamn awkward fitting the mirror inside Baby would be, but they made it work. It helped that Cas opted against joining them, thinking three people too much a crowd for this simple salt-n-burn. Dean drove the rest of the way back with his reflection three inches from his face, then sat it where the mirror stood today without considering hanging it.
Dean raises a wry brow, smirking. “I don’t know, you look prepared to me. For the first time in your life!”
Lucifer studied Mary from his own perch. She didn’t know how long he watched, her skin prickling with that feeling of a thousand stares tracking her every move since she crossed over into this other dimension, the apocalypse world. He raised his hands, shackled by a pair of handcuffs that Mary smuggled in with her. He winked, then blows her a kiss.
Mick’s glower loses its effect by the tiny dance he does. They leave in palpable silence, Cas watching them until both men turn a corner. Safe, his legs falter and collapse underneath him. Andy rushes over too late, and Cas feels pain bloom from where his knee scrapes against the asphalt.
The stranger splutters, dark eyes sharp like knives pointed directly at Cas. “I’d be better if there wasn’t this massive weight crushing me,” he sniffs, shoving at him. Of what he expected, a British accent was not on his list. Cas hides his surprise, feigning ignorance by blinking and tilting his head. This stokes the flames of the stranger’s anger further. “Get off!”
“Hmm…” Cas’s neck slinks backwards as Rufus peers closer, head aching from how it’s forced against the wall. Waiting while the older man digests his story. It sticks in his throat like bad phlegm. “Where’d you meet the girl?” he asks, “You can recall that, can’t you? Or is it just more boobies?”
Not all of what he said were lies. Most of it. But like all great make-believe, there lay a kernel of truth buried deep within. Cas
if the painted name on the crib meant anything, and tucking him into the crook of his arm. He bounced him like he did Sam decades ago, like he would for any
“So, in all this time,” the woman, obviously in charge of today’s meeting, asked, “you haven’t found a place that fit?”
She nodded, hauling herself off the fallen log she slept against. Bobby dropped in response, taking her station. “I’ll wake you when it’s time to head out. Sweet dreams.”
stored in the barrel of his mouth, unfired, conscious of how it will be received in the moment – “gonna shut him up for a while, s’all…” Dean punctuated his claim by grabbing the baby,
Cas sags on the van, checking his chest where a bruise definitely begins blotting his skin. “Thank God I don’t pay taxes.”
“Anyway, if all the hippies cleaned up their act, then the police will find they have no one left to beat up.” She sighs, adjusting the ashtray. “I guess you can say the same about me and my kids or… or me and Dick. I never knew how much I could hate the man if I didn’t love him first. Hate him for leaving and being able to leave… if I did want to dump my kids, do you know what they would say about me? Nothing what they said about my poor Dick. That it was only a matter of time he left, because I’ve given him girl after girl. Who will carry on the Roman name and, more importantly, who could he play a game of catch with? As if Addison’s love of softball means nothing. He and every other man like him abandons their lives the second it gets rough, and I’m told to suck it up because it’s the life I chose. To be a mother… it’s like going to Vietnam, in a way. Those who go are heroes, remembered and celebrated. They followed orders, even if it cost them their lives. The wimps who dodge the draft… you’ve seen the homecoming they receive.”
Cas heard the plaintive yearning in Dean’s voice, entwined with his mania. He needs to know one last thing, “And the others?”
Besides, he thought to himself, there are things Dean doesn’t know about him. If he knew Castiel was a prince of the ocean, or that he was directly responsible for his ship sinking, then whatever way he saw Castiel would be gone forever.
“It was weird,” she argues. Eve pulls the flaps of her cover over her body, curling into herself. “I didn’t see much of him during the proceedings, but sometime after the divorce was settled, he stopped by the house while our kids were at school. Wanting to apologize for how he acted and everything he put me through, speaking with barely a trace of sorrow in his voice. And he kept smiling which… Dick never smiled. I called him on it and he said that he finally found a new way to live – a path to peace and whatever other hippie bullshit he read off a poster. But his eyes… they didn’t change. They were the same. Whatever he found; I doubt it was peace.”
He looks unconvinced, so Cas tugs him the rest of the way until they’re flush against one another. Kisses him with bruising force and lets Calvin’s beard scrape at his palm.
A golden-skinned woman with pieces of fabric wrapped around her chest and waist slinks by with a tray of wings in her hands, replacing the empty section of the buffet. Slapping at hands that reach for breasts and thighs that aren’t on the menu during her retreat. Cas appreciates her assets until the kitchen door obscures them. He tugs on his cock a little from where his hand rests inside his pocket, then focuses more on why he was there.
“Crazier things have happened,” Cas says, “Now… who was Dick Roman? Really? The Dick that no one saw – no one but you.”
Sergei giggles nearby, “I always enjoy when he visits. Provides much amusement, like walking video box.” Then, mirth fading, he looks to Cas. “You, not so much.”
“Because manners mean fuck-all on the streets,” Cas’s head swivels, left to right. “Which way’s the watering hole?”
But about when Mia checked her refrigerator a third time, her mouth spat loose a question that dripped like drool past her lips and splattered everywhere by the time she realized she asked. “What you do with Buddy?”
“…Cas?” Dean’s voice sounded scratchy, raw, like a needle ripped through a spinning record. He blinked back his tears, embarrassed, because Cas might wake soon and see him break, see him not be strong enough. His gaze broke from Cas’s bluing lips, staring at the starless sky above. He saw night begin its transition to early morning, a sun sliver dipping into the horizon, and wondered how long Cas will play with him like this. How long will Cas pretend to lie there? How long will Cas insist that he’s –
Cas sobers immediately, foot pounding the floor in a panicked rhythm. He rubs his shoulders; too aware of a chill that surrounds the room.
“That depends,” he fired back, brow raised. Pulled taut like a bowstring, retort knocked and waiting. He lets it fly, “How quick do you think I can get drunk?”
He finally reaches a new section of the house, descending stairs with heavy footfalls. Halfway down, however, he spots a few more familiar faces interspersed with the crowd of bodies Dean and he had previously been part of. Ducking, Cas peers between the bannisters at lost-looking federal agents.
Chuckling, Chuck wags his finger from side to side. “Let’s just say I’m… making things up as I go along.” Cas stiffens, hearing his own words used against him. “Wanted one
Cas and Jack turn from their conversation, giving Sam a glimpse of his friend. It wasn’t only Dean. Cas wore a baggy, multi-colored hoodie paired with distressed shorts. Their duffels in both his hands. “Yes, Dean?”
“And it’s not like I don’t remember what it felt when I went through it,” she continues, rambling, “like… it’s exactly like what you said. This – this
The club drops. Sam runs towards Dean, trapping him in his arms. Castiel nearly jumps to his defense, stopping only when he notices the water pooling at Dean’s eyes. Dean sniffs, pulling back. “Sammy, I –“
Pamela pouts, disengaging. “Bummer,” she says, pushing away from the counter. Switches into a more professional mask. “Figured you for a good time with how you swaggered in.”
With Claire in his corner doing some work, Cas considers his next move. Especially with the added context of certain players and their movements on the board. Avoids thinking of which side a freckled knight rests on, instead considering the overconfident pawns that made a risky show of force. Contemplates the taunt Ketch left him with, a name he hadn’t thought about for too long.
Buddy, anticipating his plan, recovered enough between punches that he dodged one and managed to knock Sam off of him. Sam heard him scramble to his feet, searching for his weapon. Fear, familiar and slick, trickled down his back in millions of droplets of sweat. His mind jolted, quickly, working up an idea that might buy them a few more minutes for Dean to arrive.
Dean watches Cas’s hands fall, trench coat parting open like curtains. Reveals a similar ribbon covering his genitals. Though while Dean’s was red, Cas chose green. It matched his boots and novelty cowboy hat: both dyed the same color as Cas’s ribbon. “Yeah,” Dean chuckles while Peck continues his serenade, “I guess so.”
said,” Dean seethed, crossing his arms. He broke their staring contest, Sam surprised at the momentary flash of hurt that radiated from Dean’s gaze. Dean smothered it immediately, returning with hardened steel. “And maybe things that weren’t said were that way for a good reason, to not rock the boat… or mess up something that was already better than I thought I could have…” He blanched, face paling in realization of what, Sam guessed, he hadn’t meant to say. With this new awareness, Dean won’t give more than he already had. He stayed as he is, frozen in stubbornness.
Cas bears his conquest sadly, carrying this tiny albatross around his neck. Decision made he quickly leaves his apartment and crosses the short distance to Andy’s.
Marble. Statues are carved from stone – marble, specifically – he remembers from an old teacher’s droned lecture that returned with vengeance. Spoken during a field trip to some museum where Dean barely stayed awake as they flew room to room, always seconds from collapsing, waking momentarily for the next exhibit. Except when they entered a room of statues, and Dean managed fifteen minutes of attentiveness. Aided by chiseled features of a statue hidden between two columns near the farthest corner of the room. A man, naked,
She sticks her hand inside, flower stem clutched tight within her fist. Her eyes dully bore into his, like nothing sparks under their shallow surface. “Flower?” she asks.
.” Dean sunk into his seat, knees bumping against the coffee table. Mia jotted another line to her observations. She pointed at Jack with her pen, “And him? What’s his story?”
It’s the same man who tore through a hero sandwich with great ferocity. Gaze trained on the meal in his hands, he doesn’t see Cas until he reaches the desk. Even then he waits a beat, studying the mediocre lay. White skin shiny with sweat that darkens the collar of his button-down and expands from his pits. What were not sweat Cas guesses are stains from the sauce dripping out his sandwich. Cas clears his throat, startling him halfway through his next bite.
The burn barely began to fade when Dean walks into the kitchen, disturbing him. Jack quickly shut his laptop, unwilling to let the other man see what he worked on. Mainly because of the shift in his storytelling focus.
When she dropped the last piece of dead skin into the tub, and her body fell silent as the hum inside quieted, Mia examined her appearance in the mirror. She compared what she saw with the picture. “Not bad…” she coughed, voice and octave deeper, and with a similar twang she heard Dean and Sam speak with earlier. Mia approximated this detail, like she had the height.
!” Poor comparison, albeit the best he can gather under such strange conditions. Concern for the infuriating detective coaxes a gentler touch from Cas.
Castiel sighs. “Yes… but probably not how you’re thinking. We can communicate but we’re not so sure if they understand. And if they do, they don’t listen… however if you spend years training a certain animal like a seahorse or a turtle – even a swordfish – they make for great pets.”
Kelly ignores the gesture and steps aside for him. “You can take a seat inside the living room. I’ll be with you in a few minutes.” He nods, removing his straw fedora and closing the door after him. While Kelly exits the hall on the left side, Cas turns right.
While the little lady fumed uncooperatively, Sonny answered. “Yeah, he’s one of our teachers. Do you know him?”
Crowley wasted half-an-hour ripping into his plan. When he ran out of steam, he relented and began drawing together different sorts of papers while Cas explained the backstory he created – Crowley interjecting at points when Cas truly knew nothing about what he spoke. “Listen, creating a business is one of the only legitimate things I’ve done. Let me handle this part while you order us a pizza, right?”
Sighing, Cas cuts the cord on Kelly’s pity party. “If you’re feeling this bad, why don’t you make it up to me by being honest about the big smackdown between you and Jack that started this whole mess,” he says. After a beat passes where Kelly chews on her lip instead of flapping it, Cas helps her along. “It had something to do with Nick Pellegrino, right?”
“It’s not like that!” he yells back. Andy grins, winking while giving him a thumbs up before driving off. Cas sighs, a terrible weight settling on his chest. Pinching the stub of his joint, Cas place the unlit grass in his shirt pocket while closing the distance between them. “Kelly,” he says, “it’s been a while.”
Interesting. Cas won’t betray his piqued curiosity, instead throwing his head back with practiced ease; a stoner’s laugh hollowing out his cheeks. “Wow,” he snickers, “didn’t know Uncle Sam approved of the British Invasion…”
Andy breezes in, not bothering with closing the door after him. He curls into the chair Kelly vacated moments before, mirroring Cas. “Hey man,” he says, “you carrying?”
They don’t talk during the short trip from the front of the building, past the row of garbage cans and the dumpster reeking of two-day old milk, and while climbing the worn side steps and into his office.
“Dying so far away from their homes,” he whispers, “far from the land that they know and lying in a grave of an unknowable ocean.” Castiel finds Dean’s worried stare and asks him. “What makes someone want to journey so far away from what they know?”
“You saw the rolling pastures we passed right?” Cas snorts, “There’s no one around to lodge a noise complaint, unless you count birds and squirrels. Although I doubt they’ve evolved enough for a concept of sound pollution.”
“Not even close.” She kisses him senseless, the sound of his belt being unbuckled clinking in the background. Her lips leave his, hovering over him and finishing with his belt. “I’m still having my fun.” Meg only needs one hand on his pants button, while the other helps Cas’s left arm escape both trench coat and suit jacket sleeve. His right arm comes next, and the layers become a blanket for them. She untucks his shirt, teasing the hairs over Cas’s cock. Cas, fed up with the tempo, flips Meg around. “Clarence?”
Cas abandoned the others once Billie disappeared, not even waiting for her form to fade before striding away. Stomps up each step, ignoring Dean’s calls as he races from their home. Into fresher air aboveground. Being an angel, Cas was inexperienced with breathing. Yet, instinctually, Cas gasps for breath once he breaks free.
“But if you don’t how will you ever know you’re compatible,” Cas teases. Stretches his legs open, rubbing at the inside of his thigh until Dean looks at him. Then trails his fingers along other, more
“Fine,” Cas groans, running a hand through his hair. Mussing the combed back locks so they curtain his ears instead of rest behind them. “Like I said to your soon-to-be, I was following a lead. Blindly, might I add. Although the payoff was pretty sweet…” Pugnacity steers his actions. Cas flaunts his joint, rolling it between his fingers while Dean watches. “You know what I heard? There’s this building – big,
“At first.” Cas sighs, playing with his hair, “Then I realized, when you’re living for yourself. Everyone else’s opinions aren’t worth jack shit.” His lips rest on the crown of Dean’s head. “You should go to sleep.”
He makes it half a block from his car when Cas decides he cannot wait to read what he liberated. With how it rested inside his waistband, its edges dug into his cock and poked it far past the point of pleasure. Cas drops onto an unoccupied stoop he finds and drags the file free from its hiding spot.
“It’s not,” Cas agrees, chuckling. Fiddles with a few loose pages. “Would you believe the energy in your bathroom wasn’t conducive for me to…
His gaze barely lingers on the windmill slowly spinning near the edge of the clearing, already too familiar with its shape. Dean pays closer attention to the surrounding plant life, instead. With the hand not currently holding his quickly dwindling joint, Dean runs his fingers down a blade of the tall, reedy grass. He loops it around his finger and then releases it. He repeats this a few more times until he discovers a new distraction. Dean reaches out, a caricature of the First Man, as he tries meeting the thin branch of a wild, overgrown bramble halfway. A soft, hollow laugh ekes out past Dean’s lips when his fingertip brushes against a leaf. Dean sucks in more smoke as his watery eyes bounce around the treetops, stopping only because he feels the joint’s nub burning him.
Castiel hums, rubbing at his jaw. “I’m better than most people,” he says, “I just wish…” He offers Jack a weak smile, opening his book again. “You don’t have to worry about me, that’s my job. You focus on finding a hobby... that's more important.”
Dean’s mouth falls open, aghast at Castiel’s stern tone. But then it clicks shut with a harsh swallow. “Yeah,” he says, “I… if this is the last we’ll be seeing of each other then… let’s enjoy it.” He glances around the space, a bitter smile on his lips. “We should keep going, there was nothing here except disappointment.” The poison in those words stung Castiel, confident there was more to what he said than at first thought.
“I – I think?” He sets his glass aside, sighing. Shoe’s heels tapping on the counter from where he rests them. “That whole conversation is so fuzzy… like I forgot everything the moment you showed. The whole night’s a blur since we got there, really.”
“I mean we all came from the same father…” Cas sighs, “But, no. Jimmy’s my other half, in a way. We’ve got the same face, but we couldn’t be
“I am a good time,” Cas says, brows bouncing in their intent, “but business before pleasure… I came in to ask a few questions.” He produces the flyer, showing it to Pamela. “Do you know what this is?”
Dean turns, Adam’s apple bobbing. “That isn’t me. I… he never was.” An intimate confession whispered into ancient brickwork. Meaningful for a different crowd. Except Lucifer shows little care, sarcastic clapping shattering Dean’s moment.
He doesn't linger there. Jack’s eye catches a short story with his fathers as the main characters. Different from Carver’s novels, it isn't more than one thousand words. His interests piqued when he read the summary. Instead of dealing with monsters the boys were more concerned over motel lodgings. Captivated by the simplicity Jack digs into the story. Before he could get to the end it cuts off. Luckily, below the last paragraph, is a link to ‘
Andy squints, lips wrinkling in displeasure. “Whoa… that’s harsh. Are you seriously unhappy? Wouldn’t have guessed it, myself.”
Months after Manson ruined hippies’ peaceful reputation, the government sent over a few envoys looking into any activity that mirrored his. Dean, rising earlier than the sun, overheard agents discussing one group they were looking closely into called the Children of the Carnation.
Dean understood immediately what Cas meant, irritation flickering like lightning in his eyes. “No,” he said, “no way. Now you’re really just – you’re fucking with me, now.
“Oh, so you’re against mating rituals,” Castiel surmises, “I happen to agree with you. They’re so ancient… having your spouse picked out for you based on breeding and class, being told who to spend your life with –“
“Really?” He’s parched. Unbalanced. His feet won’t walk in a straight line, stumbling every few steps. He persists, “What?”
Dean listened; those sacred words used sparingly over time. Mostly during clouded nights when the money ran out, as did their supplies, and Dean’s skills at the pool table or poker game couldn’t compare to those of his body.
He’s lost in the music. Eyes closed, his body bends and sways with a flexibility Cas never imagined Dean possessed. A hand slides through his hair, droplets of sweat thrown from the sandy locks. His body twists as Dean marches in place, stomping, feet slapping loudly on the tiled floor. Nothing of what he performed
“No, it’s not,” Dean rushes, pacing his room. Hands flying everywhere while he rambles, “You don’t get to come into
Jack, barely out of diapers, chewing on a wooden block. Surrounded by more, spelling nonsense and slathered in drool. Cas’s face relaxes into a smile, fingers twitching at his sides. He wants a closer look but dare not disturb. Noticing the tracks in the dust, though, he wouldn’t be the first.
“But dead nonetheless,” Castiel continues, “In a world in which they don’t know…” Castiel reaches a hand out towards the skeleton, the image shifting for a brief second. Instead of an old stranger, he imagines Dean in his human form sitting trapped below the waters. Skin pale and clammy, eyes dim and dead. Startled, Castiel jumps back a few inches.
“Well,” Cas stood, grinning again, “that depends. How much do I need to have been in business for a few years?”
“Well…” Claire chances a look at Dean, humming. “Maybe, there might be something… but since I know the kind of company you keep, who knows if you’ll have it?”
It was a time-consuming task; precious seconds lost by examining each artifact like it might hold secrets, and then getting distracted when instead it spurred an old memory. Like the lava lamp Jack purchased with his first cut of Cas’s pay, a shakedown on a couple goons who thought kidnapping a show dog would mean big bucks. Or a suede jacket he and Jack found in a shop on the boardwalk they got for a steal. And a rueful laugh bubbles up when his hand wraps around a familiar, bulky frame.
Being a black-and-white photo, grey hairs were practically invisible. There were more lines on him than when he let the sun leather his skin with Kelly. Also, a neat set of frames that weren’t present in the other picture sat on his face.
The stranger grumbles non-committedly, too focused on gathering his files. Cas accepts his reply as a request for more information and adds to the already inane chatter. White noise that makes the stranger tense while frantically piling files into his briefcase. Distracted, he misses the one Cas stuffs into his pants.
Suddenly his hand dips when it reaches the end, the paper pavement stopping short. Grazing a foreign object, Cas wraps his hands around the thin object and pulls it up.
Cas moves onto the next few pages and finds a short report dated around the last time the police brought Dick in for a drunken rampage.
Dean didn’t understand exactly what Jack rambled on about, but he passed the point of no return a few minutes back and couldn’t interrupt without revealing he had no clue what the younger boy prattled on and on about. As it was Jack currently kept pushing his phone in Dean’s face, gesturing at it and shaking it every ten seconds or so. Dean glanced between Jack and it; each time he did there was a new video on screen and by the time he shifted his focus back to his son the lecture had moved elsewhere along a road he had trouble following. By then, he let himself sink into the comfortable numbing cadence of Jack’s speech, sipping at his beer, surfacing only when he recognized a word before diving back under.
. I mean, you… you’ve listened to your heart more than I have. Even if a few of those times it was wrong, everything
He sighs, shifting. “I’ll explain in the morning. Why don’t you call Jimmy, let him know you’re crashing with me for the night.”
His questions increase the pressure hammering inside his head, Cas reminded of why he limits his interactions with the Eastern envoy. Philosophical delineations and mystical practices don’t agree with his constitution. Luckily Andy built up an immunity. He nods along, grinning, “Ain’t that the truth. Like, why don’t we hash that out while filling up our supply?”
dancing. But, for the first time in his life Cas supposes, Dean stopped thinking and allows himself to… be. Exist.
Jack preens at the compliments. Knowing they were his own words doesn’t lessen the feeling it evokes. It also aids the twisting of his stomach as he understands exactly what hearing Sam say that means. “I’ll be happy to lead our next hunt.”
“We thought you were a goner,” Sam says, “The storm came from out of nowhere… the ship – how did… they said no one could have survived?”
Jack didn’t realize how long his monologue for Sam was and his tallest father paid for it with four strips of charcoaled bacon. Because he was under the power of Jack’s writing, Sam added it to the growing pile of food he made for himself with no hesitation. “Looks delicious.”
“Actually, I haven’t seen them in a while,” she tells him, his expression winking out of existence as fast as it arrived. “The manager here and a few of the others on the block got together and drove them off. Said they were bad for business, scaring customers with their doom and gloom preaching. Wasn’t a lick of sense in the whole bunch, so I learned to tune them out.”
she’s a doctor?” He made it halfway towards Mia when he heard Buddy cluck his tongue at him. “Hold it.” Sam waited, scowling as Buddy’s hand traveled his body, stopping only as he felt the oblong shape of Sam’s gun tucked inside his jacket. Buddy relieved Sam of his weapon, taunting him with it, dangling it in front of his face before dropping it. He kicked Sam’s ass, making him stumble on his path to Mia. “Now get!”
If startled, she doesn’t let is show past her amusement. “No,” she says, “but I would have put it another way.”
kind of stuff. Hell of a lot better than my dad was, though… still not the best. But I’ve been getting
” Charles bellows, glaring between him and Dean. “Castiel, what in Poseidon’s name convinced you to journey so far away from your home.”
Kelly rolls her eyes, blushing. “Now you’re being too kind,” she says, nervously wiping her hands on her skirt front. “You stopped by for a reason… about Jack?”
. He lifts his hand in a mock salute, peace sign resembling bunny ears with how lazily he holds his fingers. “Peace and
“Why does this bother you?” Castiel asks. “Do humans cover themselves in hard, constrictive shells?”
He already knew what he would be writing about - his fathers were a great source of inspiration. But what would he like to see his fathers doing? This weighs on his mind, a small headache forming at the base of his skull. When he presses against it, kneading it, an image springs to mind. Like Athena from Zeus's head. Immediately he sees all four of them seated around a table playing a board game, laughing and spending time with each other. “Happy,” he decides, “that is how I want to see them.”
Castiel shouted after Dean’s green blur, the only response he received were loud whoops of excitement coupled with the dolphins’ squeaking.
how I heard about it. Advertising… I, uh – I was walking down the street and this girl shoves this flier in my face. I start chatting her up about the group because, well… she had these big tits, see,” Cas’s hands curl around the air in front of his chest, leering at Rufus. “And no bra. Didn’t particularly remember what she talked about, only that I agreed to go where she wanted. Gave me an address and I followed. Maybe if I had paid attention I wouldn’t have actually went.”
His acquisition, on its own, seems like a case separate from Jack. Why would a British man have access to records like this, with sensitive information and details? If he has Dick Roman’s file – what others were inside that briefcase? If there
He shrugs, fiddling with the button of his jacket. “Was wondering if you might have any information on Dick Roman?” It’s an innocent question, but not the truth.
“I guess therapy was a cover?” she scoffed, stepping out of her hiding spot. Sam nodded. Mia chuckled low in her throat, shaking her head. “Of course… dammit I should have – I should have known what you were from the moment you walked in… And I didn’t think there’d be any harm in one last session before I left town altogether” –
Despite the horrible optics of his current situation, Cas keeps his back straight and chin high. Ignoring the teasing blow, he crosses his arms. “What are you doing here, Dean?”
. And because of this I only knew of our mom through stories he and, sometimes, Dean would share… but then one day Dean he… he happened to run into her.” He rubbed at his neck, head bowed so the fringe of his bangs shielded his eyes. “And she’s back in our lives. Just like that.”
It’s a magnificent sight that rivals many of the wonders Castiel was lucky enough to see in his life. From collections of pearls arranged in fancy patterns to giant coral trees teeming with fish, none could compare to Dean’s beauty. His face caused the confusion warring inside Castiel to spill to the surface.
The problem with being faintly acquainted with the word ‘no’ – Cas slides onto the bed next to him. Clothes staying mostly on, jacket, sandals, and hat left where he planned on sleeping. Dean latches on instantly, leg thrown over Cas’s knees, and an arm heavy over his chest.
Sam stares at his brother, then slowly shifts to his gift. Wraps his fingers around it, clutching it tight in his hand. Heavy… but comfortable. Educated in the power of gemstones from his foray into witchcraft, Sam doesn’t need a lesson. “I…” he clears his throat, “thank you.”
“If I hadn’t rescued you…” Castiel shudders at the possibility of Dean not being alive, chest tightening. “You need to be more careful,” he says, “I might not know much about your world… but you know even less about mine.”
No good thing was meant to last, he supposes. Cas can play the role Dean imagined for him, donning a feathered headdress so his ‘cowboy’ can battle with the ‘indian’.
Dean stared at Cas. Saw the streaks of grey that tickled his hairline, and little crusts around his eyes from sleep. Reminders of how fast things can change, and what little they have left in the tank. If Cas were an angel, he thought, they’d have more time. Can stay alive through his grace, healing even the littlest signs of age. Like Serafina did with Adam.
“Who can talk over all this racket!” He wrenched his arm free, storming into the baby’s nursery while Sam dawdled under the doorframe. Their entrance meant little to the newborn, who continued crying despite their entrance. “And I’m not killing him –“ he kept his
Despite what a whirlwind these past few minutes felt like, Dean laughs. Giggles become snorting which become happier tears rolling across his cheeks, tracing over still-damp lines and erasing them from sight. He clutches his phone atop his heart, figure bent as he now wheezes.
wasn’t the most interesting mystery they’ve got going on in their lives…” Rufus sucks on the cigarette, savoring the taste. “Which is why I wanna know how you went to a meeting.”
When they happened upon the family, Dean broke into his antics once more. He waved and hollered, speaking to them in the bastardized tongue he used on Castiel.
Andy shoves the rest of the pizza in his mouth, standing. “Look, you can do what you want. But since you incepted the idea into my noggin’, I want a smoke.” Bits of pizza fall and decorate his path towards the front door, Cas’s wrinkles flaring at being an unfortunate witness. “You can either come and get your fix, or mope around until I get back. Which do you think’ll get you high first?”
. Cas imagines how that might sound rolling off his tongue, and then pictures his tongue doing much naughtier things. Later, though. Shaking his head, he leans on the counter and copies her smile. “Wouldn’t you agree?”
Cas, sighing, throws his feet off Dean's bed and onto the floor. “You’re engaged to this poor girl and you’ve… never let her see your bedroom? Fuck, Dean, I know you don’t like her but how desperate is she that you’ve got her eating crumbs out of your hands?”
.” Cas drags Dean’s suit jacket over, sniffing at the collar. Grinning, “Doesn’t explain your other books. I mean – you got a copy of the Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test lying around somewhere?”
While Cas figured the indoctrination of police brotherhood warped Dean’s views on outsiders like him, he hadn’t expected Dean to ride the slippery slope of corruption. Dirtying the shiny sheriff’s badge he seemed so proud of.
Kelly’s backyard looked plain. More grass, an old tree with an unused tire swing swaying in the breeze, and a patio set that’s been through hell. Cas passes by all of this, more interested on the back-screen door. He jimmies the handle, lips curling when it slides open. Smoother than a hit after a long day working.
“She was a student, we had some fun until she went crazy,” he tells Cas, “I tried helping but she wouldn’t take my money – or my advice. So, I washed my hands of the whole thing, and thought it would stay that way after she disappeared. But recently she’s been popping up like a bad nightmare.”
was a man, while Sammy was a chubby-cheeked boy who needed someone to hold his hand while crossing the street.” His smile faded, sobered by a creeping shadow dimming his features. “Used to run without looking both ways, ripping himself free at every chance and oh how I’d chase… Sammy never liked being held back, should’ve known from then –“
“Sorry, kind of busy at the moment.” He quickly rolls the window up and shifts to the other side of his car. Face pressed against the glass; Cas watches the suit-clad man hurry past the ‘abandoned’ building from the other day. Yelling after a young couple pushing a stroller. When they stop he does, gasping, holding a pacifier they must have dropped. “Seriously?” Cas slumps in his seat, turning from the scene and onto the building once more. Still presenting as an empty shell even though Cas knows life teems behind its walls.
Chasing the sinewy lines of his savior’s arms to broad shoulders, Dean feels his chest tighten in a desperate need for fresh air. However, it’s not terrifying like before with Roidy. This is unique and comforting. He inhales, then exhales. He has no trouble breathing. He still feels that tightness.
She fixes a strand of hair that fell out of her ear. “The present’s a much harder place to live in than the past.”
Alone, Cas eases the weight on his spirit. Sitting, he digs his feet into the sand until they’re buried. Then rests his arms and chin on his head. With the ocean far behind him, all Cas can do is study the decorative bungalow Sergei calls home.
In an unsettling moment of clarity, Dean’s nerves return. Like the fog of drugs lifted briefly, alerting him to the gravity of his admittance. “No,” he sighs, collapsing on the bed, “I’ve never done it.”
Since that fateful day, he and Dean saw more of each other. If absence made the heart fonder, regular meetings hardened it. The years wore on Dean. Small, stolen conversations on his beat became reluctant awareness of being in each other’s presence until finally evolving into a jaded rivalry. No trace of the men they were left after what they been though, sometimes at the hands of each other.
“I…” A shudder ran through him like a summer storm, righting his posture instantly. He glanced behind him, into the waiting shadows, as if a ghost might step out of that inky blackness. “Can we talk inside?”
He grins, wobbling on his heels. Dangerously drifting close to Dean and enjoying the flush of his cheeks. “Maybe I decided to make an honest living?”
She was more covered up then, too. Headscarf wrapped around brunette hair, at the time, and sunglasses. “Hi there,” Meg said, “it’s been too long, hasn’t it?”
. As a whole Sam presented like a grade-A douchebag. Entirely unprepared for any bar, let alone a gay one. Dean’s instincts kicked into overdrive.
The gifted flower lies crumpled in his lap, its petals smushed and stem in hand. Cas frowns and drops the broken piece. Picks up the flower and brushes a finger across one petal. Static buzzes within his mind, a line between dots yearning for a connection. Almost touching like God and Adam straining between the clouds. They only need stretch a bit further, aided by the intense stare Cas keeps on the flower.
“Okay…” He tries for one last glimpse of Tracy, except she floated off into another part of the house. Cas does not linger in the kitchen long, stepping into the backyard and the raucous screaming of children.
important we don’t let him out of our sight! There’s no telling what he can do, or what might happen if we left him alone for even a second! So, sorry if I can’t run off at the drop of a pin to play hunter because I have more important things to worry about. Things that
like it should… because you didn’t step up when mom was taken from us. You didn’t try to be the adult and forced that job onto a kid who wasn’t ready. You
Sam carried on and moved to Jack, stepping over the couch to reach him. As he did, he noticed the younger boy’s tantrum lessened since the height of the battle. He appeared tired, his cries weaker with each release. His cheeks were red, and his eyes –
Cas studies the photo of the girl in the folder, frowning heavily as he digests the information he read. In his hands he held a missing person report from at least a year ago. Filed by adoptive parents whose daughter fled from their custody and probably were still wondering where she was, thinking the police hadn’t given up their search. When, really, the file sat buried in a records room and untouched long enough dust clung to the inner spine when he opened it.
They were on the same beat for very different reasons. While Cas was collecting evidence for an environmentalist group that wanted to have a shot at winning a lawsuit against the very men he stalked, Meg heard about their willful ignorance from an insider source. She wanted the front page and knew this would get it. At least that’s how she explained it while the men finished their meeting in the background.
partake some…?” Without waiting, Cas grabs a pinch of grass and spreads it across an empty paper. Rolls the joint and slowly licks along the edge, gaze never breaking from Dean’s. The other man watches intently, pupils dark while following the drag of Cas’s tongue. When done, Cas blindly reaches for his nearby lighter. As he flicks it on, the spell over Dean breaks.
is not Lucifer!” Sam squeezed Dean’s wrist, begging for more attention. Dean’s spiteful, rigid glare burned a hole in the back of the fridge. He refused to move even an inch. “He’s a baby, and we… we kill monsters. We kill the ones who have no chance of being saved. He was just born, Dean. He had no choice in that.”
!” He climbs off the chair, crouching closer. Tongue dragged over his lips, smile wide. “Your verbose diction astounds me… did you whip that together after my brother got dragged into
“Okay,” Sam smiled, “that’s a start. Is there anyone who you’re close to that he might’ve taken the form of? Friends? Coworkers?”
