“Could it have been a landslide?” Steve yelled, making the slow, sloppy trek across the mud that did its utmost to consume his boots each time he stepped down.
Thor shook his head. “I feared as much. I am afraid I do not know what he planned to do with blood magic, as there are far too many possibilities. My mother told me that blood taken by force is powerful in a spell, but that magic done with blood given freely can be almost unlimited. Intent is paramount – taking blood from a blow would allow him to use it for a longer time than if he extracted it from you with ill intent, for instance. Loki may very well have been able to alter your mind, or even his own appearance, if you had permitted him to take even a small amount of blood freely.”
“Nia!” called Uncle Obie, as he walked across the lobby.
, and the thought finally punched a small sob from his lungs—that he was beginning to wonder if he had not read his own situation horribly wrong. Was it possible that it was his emotions about the sanctity of marriage, those old speeches that his frail ma used to give to him whenever he asked her why she did not run from his drunkard, violent monster of a father that were the problem, not his feelings for Tony? Perhaps those speeches had been justifications for her own fear. Perhaps marriage really did mean nothing if there was no real, warm love within it. Perhaps a marriage vow was only words.
His turmoil seemed to have reached a fever pitch on the night of the farewell feast. He was dressed more formally than he cared for, since although he was Natasha’s temporary guardian, he was also her friend and guest. Natasha had him trussed up in a midnight blue tunic with stamped brown leather trimming the cuffs and collar, fastened over his throat with a white laddered ribbon so that the rather wide neck did not splay out too far over his sternum. His hose were an even darker blue, his knee boots brown and highly uncomfortable. The only comfortable piece of the outfit was his sword belt.
Through the building emotions in his gut, Steve realized he needed to leave the room immediately, and without another word to Tony he turned and did so. He could not decide whether it was fury, fear, agony, something he could not name, or a combination of them all that was roaring through his body like it needed to come out as a punch.
better than her parents had. Then again, he also took time to ask her questions, to listen to her.
“Thanks,” Nia started to say, but she was interrupted by a familiar voice.
He was cut off by the guy reaching across the short space between them and taking both of Tony’s hands. Or, well, he took the hand that Tony was using to point crossly at him and then had to dig into Tony’s armpit to grab his other hand. Ordinarily Tony would probably have objected to this manhandling, but for some completely illogical and ridiculous reason, maybe
“… Free?” his neighbor says in a tone of mild concern, fingers tightening in the fluff of his towel.
“Your eyelashes are…” Steve started, not quite sure where he was intending to go. Tony raised an eyebrow at him when the silence went on a little bit too long. Steve gave up: there was nothing insulting to say about Tony’s long, dark lashes. “Pretty.”
He and Bucky headed in that direction as slowly as Steve could manage through his fog of expectation, checking through several open cell doors, before eventually they ended up in front of a closed one. The light was very dim here, but there was just enough to make out faint shapes, and their eyes were adjusting better every moment. Unlike the outer portal, this door looked very new and very sturdy, and a quick wrestle with the handle let Steve know that it was firmly locked.
Bucky returned the greeting and also expressed his delight with the new facial hair, before he squeezed Tony a little tighter in his arms – Natasha finally let out a truly displeased noise. The pair of them drew back to allow Sam through, and once he had thoroughly embraced Tony and petted his mustache questioningly and scolded him for being several days late, he drew back and Tony allowed himself to look up at Steve. There was another young man Tony did not recognize standing there with dirty blond hair, a cheerful grin, and a bow and quiver slung over his shoulder, but Tony only barely noticed him because of
Ducking back into Steve’s room-- for want of a better name-- she flicked the lights on, and walked up to the man. “It’s like a coffin,” she said, running her hand over the plastic encasement. “Sorry,” she said. “I shouldn’t have my hands all over you; it’s weird. I--”
Once Tony was lying on his back, splayed haphazardly over the flagstones, Obadiah removed the hand he’d been pressing against Tony’s chest, which revealed a small dagger enveloped by Tony’s body up to the hilt. He gaped at it for a moment, and his hand came up instinctively to pull it out of his chest.
She laughed, bitterly, unsure why, of all the things to come to her, that was it, but it opened the floodgates of worries: what had happened to the other people at the hotel? Did her parents know what had happened to her? Did they know where she was? Would she see them again? And her friends; she wanted her friends. She wanted Jim there to pat her shoulder and tell her it would be fine; she wanted Carol to find something about her deserving of a compliment. She half-wanted Ty there; even as angry as she was at him, he wasn’t as terrifying as
Even so, when Tony crawled into bed that first night, well and truly exhausted from the all-night engineering binge and cross-country move, he had not expected the mattress to barely give at all under his weight. Or for it to make a sound weirdly like a startled exhale. Shouldn’t a place like this have the plushest furnishings money can buy?
A familiar voice that was definitely
Nia sighed at Howard’s utter lack of humor.
Nia got up, and then looked to Howard, still sitting in his chair, slumping, looking down at the floor, his expression drawn.
Tony was not allowed to have Sam as well as Bucky, he just was not.
“I'm not entirely sure what just happened,” Tony admitted, carefully not looking at Steve.
Tony’s eyes sparked wild with something, perhaps anger, but Steve could not see that well in the dim firelight. “What are you afraid of?”
“Spider,” his neighbor mutters, and right. That sort-of explains the towel and the dripping hair and the water droplets trailing down over his taut, rippling—
Natasha flung a hand in his direction. “As I said to Sitwell, yet he's still adamant about a cartouche. A
“You're lying,” Tony hissed, but the Asgardian just smiled that terrible smile and tilted his head.
“Steve,” Tony said in a shattered voice, gripping Steve’s arms. “
“Not when we weren’t sure we could save him,” said Howard. “It would have crippled her. Can you imagine? If she’d come every day down here to visit him? If she hadn’t been able to move on with her life?”
Steve glared reprovingly at him from the opposite couch, and waved the book briefly at Natasha. “This says that your arms represent not only you but your entire nation, since you are to be the monarch, so they can go on a shield as usual.”
He had dreamed of seeing this boy—this man—again for years, and he had built it up in his head over and over into something it just… it could just never be. Steve was no fool: he knew through careful interrogation of every other boy he knew in the castle that while his feelings for Peggy and for Natasha were natural (if unreasonable), his feelings for Tony were decidedly… unusual. Even if, by some cosmic miracle, Tony shared his terrible affliction, there was no possibility that they could ever act upon it – there was no possibility for a future together.
Until the princess was old enough to take her rightful place, the throne would remain empty upon its dais. So when the foreign royals entered the great hall of the castle, Lord Fury stood on the middle step of the dais, with the little princess standing at attention on the level above him. The adults made a production of the entire event, through the introductions and the speeches and all the political fanfare. Throughout it all, the young prince and princess examined each other in curious silence. And though Prince Anthony could not resist looking about him at this new place from time to time, Princess Natasha did not take her eyes off the older boy.
“We aren’t actually a couple, Tony,” Steve reminded him morosely, stomping away towards home.
Steve says nothing at the outburst, but does turn a lovely shade of pink. Since he’s still caressing Tony’s knuckles, and Tony is sipping from a cup of coffee he only now realizes has
She sighed. “I guess you’re their emergency,” she said. “I guess you’ve been their emergency for twenty-five years, huh?”
“Two days?” Tony echoed in disbelief. “Who were you going to marry?”
Stane said nothing for a while, letting his head loll in Bucky’s vicious grip, before he slowly turned to look behind Bucky, to Steve. A vindictive smirk took over his face. “You’re too late anyway. If the little fool isn’t finally dead by now he soon will be.” He sneered, looking Steve up and down. “Seems a fitting end for a pair of disgusting, m—”
She let out a sigh of relief, relaxing slightly as she lowered herself onto her belly and carefully jiggled the window in its frame before she started to slide it up, very slowly.
the fucking government. Why would you let them do this to me?!  Do you-- how could you let me go up there and-- you had to have known, you
After four years of a distant alliance, it was agreed that King Howard would travel to meet with Lord Fury upon Princess Natasha’s fifth birthday. And so, after a journey of several days across the turbulent sea, the foreign king arrived proudly along with his advisers, his clever wife, Maria di Carbonelli, and his young son, Anthony.
The city they drove through was startling. She knew that her family was wealthy, but her own scope of reference had always been seeing the civilians who lived in little brick townhouses, with postage-stamp yards only large enough for a few flower bushes. It had been seeing people leaving fast food stands with paper sacks in their hands on her way to the sit-down restaurants her family frequented with their white tablecloths and fine china.
“No,” said Maria. “We succeeded in removing your assignment.”
Bucky himself was in or on the carriage.
“Mister Stone,” said the Dean. “If you fail to cooperate, you
“You know what I mean,” Ty said. “They did this on purpose; they hate my family; they deliberately gave me an assignment that would pit me against-- “
“Stick around for the prizes!” Jan commanded in parting, giving them both an exaggerated wink.
“Are you proud of yourself?” Tony asked him, smiling up to where Steve was gazing down at him thoughtfully.
The sole survivor of the royal family was the youngest daughter, the infant princess Natasha.
“You wished to discuss the future relations between our kingdoms?” Queen Maria asked, a laugh tugging at the edges of her voice.
Clint reached into the inside of his jerkin and pulled out a neatly folded piece of paper. “Even better than that, Falconer. I have a list with only three names left on it.”
She did as she was told, and he shone the light down her throat, then put his fingers to her pulse point and counted, bobbing his head along as he mouthed numbers silently.
That winter, an all-out war broke out in Asgard between two ancient, ancestral city states and agents of the neighboring realm of Jötunheim, both of which were infamous within the nine realms for wielding the magical arts in warcraft. This made the other realms highly, determinedly resistant to involving themselves in the quarrel, or allying themselves to either side for fear of future reprisal. Rather, they simply let the two kingdoms fight out their concerns between them, and them alone.
?” Nia managed with a snort. “Ty, what the
Tony closed his eyes and pressed his cheek against the rattling frame of the carriage window. The rolling mountains and steep drops were beginning to give way to the hills, after which there was one tall hill to climb, upon which Natasha’s southern castle was perched. The now-familiar feeling of roiling excitement was building in him as they approached the castle. When he finally succumbed to the urge to stick his head out of the latched window, he saw all his friends gathered there outside the gates. He was too familiar a fixture around the castle by now for Lord Fury to bother greeting him personally, but that did not bother Tony in the slightest.
“Why? Going to try and prove you can outsmart me when we’re both conscious? And don’t think I didn’t hear you making a dick joke at me in this highly public venue—”
“Nia, this is Doctor Yinsen,” Howard said, as Nia shook the man’s hand. “He’s one of our top researchers in the local facility.”
The king and queen of Menahahte were dead. And the prince…
“Tony!” she scolded, giving him a frown but making no efforts to escape.
“Do you know who I
But she slept fitfully, now even more a bundle of nerves over the rest of her life. She dreamed about graduation, about getting on that stage and being told she was expected to speak, but having no words. She dreams about being thronged by reporters. She had uncomfortably pleasant dreams about Ty, where everything was okay, where they fucked in her own bed and then clung to each other, and she was happy, happy they'd worked things out, happy they were together and that it wasn't a dream.
“Well, whatever you did clearly did
Bucky and Tony both shot their gazes up to the battlements behind the guardhouse where, sure enough, Clint’s shiny gold head was visible. He gave them a jaunty wave when he noticed their attentions.
Armed with this new information, the five of them were packed and ready to depart by noon the next day for Asgard. Their immediate objective was to cross more names off of Clint’s list, so in the interests of time they had split into two teams. The first, comprised of Steve, Bucky, and Sam, Clint sent after the second two names on the list: an Asgardian woman known only as Amora the Enchantress, and a man of unknown origins named Aldrich Killian, both of whom had last been seen in or heading for the southlands of Asgard, far outside of the cities.
Natasha knew Steve had not been happy with this assignment. Not least because it was her and Clint who were to track down information on the first name on the list: Loki, the disgraced prince of Asgard.
regretted wearing it. “You planned this,” she murmured. “The reporters, the--”
“You and me,” Tony affirmed, pointing between them. “Dressed up, heading for a party together. Hell, we live together, don’t we?”
Tony pulled a little harder on his arm. “It’ll be fine. No, it’ll be
Either that or she did know what was wrong, and knew it could not be fixed.
“Stop here,” Nia directed, and Jim let the car roll to a halt in the driveway up to her house. “I have to sneak back in; if my parents hear the monster--”
There was really very little she would have put past them if she thought about it. The only reason she was certain she wasn't adopted was because Maria had taught her about the human genome by comparing their DNA, showing her the photographs of bright spots on dark agar, the places where Nia's genetics matched Maria's, and where they matched Howard's. But there weren't too many other secrets that either of them could be keeping.
“You’re also starting Academy in a few weeks,” Maria had answered, clasping her hands in front of her on the desk. “School is going to get harder. They’re going to start preparing you for your career. Have you thought about what you want to do?”
To her relief, Thor nodded somberly. “Loki is not the son of my father and mother by blood, but we were raised as siblings. His betrayal has opened a wound upon my heart I fear may never heal.”
“Wait!” she shouted. “Do you not know who that is? That’s Doctor Ho Yinsen; he’s a
That may have been due in part to the fact that he had almost cried with awe when Natasha managed to get a knife to his neck practically at the moment he entered her bedchamber, and insisted that she teach him how to use a blade like that. Which had lead to Natasha teaching all of them how to use a small knife (to varying degrees of success), Clint teaching them all how to shoot properly (to even more varying degrees of success), and Bucky and Steve gleefully and indiscriminately practicing their swordsmanship on them all.
“I live here!” the figure blurted.
“It's good to see you,” Tony told Bucky warmly.
Sam practically snorted. “Tony doesn't care. You know he doesn't care. This is about his marriage, not his status.”
The speeches seemed interminable, but eventually the Dean of the Academy stood, the stack of Assignments all neatly stacked beside her. The first row of students stood and walked to the stage, and Nia could feel her heart skipping a beat. It was too close, too soon, she hadn’t made a choice; what if they assigned her to something
Not just healthy – Steve looked like a hero of myth.
“Prizes?” Steve asked, wriggling as if he wanted Tony to get down.
“Let her go!” snarled a man’s voice. She looked up-- it was Dr. Yinsen, who was aiming a gun at her captor.
But this time a figure, dressed in a blue UNITY uniform, plunged into the sea beside her, hard and fast, from an impossible height, and sank like a stone.
His mouth was cold, and unyielding, and very, very still.
Jim. Jim Rhodes. She watched Jim on the stage, the picture of supreme confidence, grinning from ear to ear. Jim sought out Carol, scanning the audience before he winked, and then Nia, shooting her a thumbs-up.
The meetings, as expected, were boring, and the only people Nia knew were Howard, Obie, and now Dr. Yinsen, who kept giving her encouraging little smiles. She sat in the back of the room, while her father and his fellow science officials sat at a table at the front, microphones at the ready, taking questions from a series of other people-- other government workers, military leaders, scientists...Nia had brought along a notebook, and started working out her plan for the wings Dr. Yinsen had put into her head.
Eventually, after Steve’s stomach had almost completely finished crumbling into ash, Tony spun around and stared at Steve like he had failed some secret test.
When they got closer, it became clear—if it hadn’t been before—that Thor’s captive was his magical snake of a brother, who was already wheedling and squirming and trying to placate the prince, even as Thor shouted furiously down at him.
“Look at him,” Natasha’s calm voice interrupted. “He’s watching the sun set.”
The row ahead of them rose. Nia straightened up-- it was Jim's row, and he glanced back, shooting her an eager grin. She nodded, and hoped her nod looked reassuring. In reality, the closer they came to her own assignment, the more frightened she felt. She wished she'd said something in her exit interview, anything. She could get stuck with something she really hadn't wanted, or they would put her in surgery with Maria and Howard would be convinced she'd chosen it to spite him. It would all go sideways on her, and this was the rest of her life-- well, at least four years until she could appeal, after her mandatory service was complete. But appeals were rarely granted; by then, you were four years behind your peers, and there were few individuals who could catch up.
“But swans are
“Janet!” he yelled back, miming a high-five across the room. She returned it sloppily, and he laughed at the look on her face when she accidentally slapped her ride on the bat-ear and knocked the mask askew.
“He’s nice,” Natasha retorted to Tony, who shrugged and looked dubiously at Steve.
“On alert,” Steve snapped to quiet them down. “Nat, recommendations?”
just outside the door to the bathroom and refusing to put even one toe over the threshold, which Tony manages to find both hilarious and obscurely charming despite himself. But no, he supposes Cherry Pie really has no room to judge him.
So she’d become comfortable with the idea of the two of them, a pair, a matched set, and slowly her crush had faded, and she couldn’t think of her life without either of them in it.
She brushed tears from her eyes, hiccoughed loudly, and hid her face in her hands; too many people were taking pictures.
Eventually, Tony turned back around – and now he looked angry. Even knowing that this was Tony’s way of defending himself, Steve finally shifted into a sitting position and waited for whatever Tony would throw at him.
“Why not?” Natasha hissed. “What has that traitor done to you?”
Every sweet spark that may have been in Steve’s body disappeared in that moment. He snapped his sketchbook shut and stood up stiffly. “My ma is dead,” he informed Tony. “You would know if you wasn’t such a selfish jerk.”
He tightened his grip on Tony—ow—and tensed up like he was about to flee mysteriously into the night.
“I really don’t think anyone’s paying us any attention. And yes, I’m going to prove it. Look: give me your hand.”
was one of the mercenaries sent to collect that bounty, it was something of a miracle that he had been so easily accepted into their social circle at the castle.
“I am afraid not, King Anthony,” he smirked. “It was not my intention to kill them, I assure you, but I must admit it's not an entirely unpleasant outcome. Perhaps they don't yet believe you are dead, Stark, but soon even the most hopeful of your vassals will begin to believe.”
“Sure,” Nia said, rolling her eyes. “Let’s not tell our daughter about the element named after her or the war hero in the walk-in freezer in the basement.”
Across the table, Steve is still smiling crookedly at him; he’s so obviously pleased with himself and with Tony, with the success of his hilarious plan to get Tony hooked in. Steve and his eyelashes—which are, he notes, as beautiful here as they had been in the hallway outside his apartment. Tony has no idea why Steve had picked him, of all people, to try to impress.
Notably absent from the carriage were the two bodies Steve had been most dreading to find. It was far too soon for relief, but it washed over him nonetheless like a rush of cold air. His stomach churned with it, guilt tugging at him as he turned away from staring at the corpses of Tony’s only family.
“I don’t have a
Bucky was with Natasha as they waved. Natasha didn’t really need Tony, not like he needed her. She probably wouldn’t even miss him, not like he would miss her. He was a big boy, so he only cried a little on the way, but by the time he got out of the carriage his face was dry and he held his head up proudly.
He’s telling the truth, as absurd as it seems. He looks too awkward to be lying. And, technically, Tony does do this a lot—
She straightened up, trying to look brave, and listened for the names she recognized. Sunset, from her robotics class, was assigned to, well, Robotics. Carol!  Carol waved to the audience as she walked across the stage, sauntering gracefully like a fashion model. She punched the air when she was assigned to the Air Force. Jane Foster was assigned to astrophysics, which was a bit of surprise since Nia was fairly sure she’d never seen Jane actually attend any of her science classes.
For all of five seconds, Steve looks completely taken aback. As if he’s just as goddamn confused as Tony is—which is bullshit, because there is just no way that’s possible. Then he holds up a hand like he wants to stop Tony from butting in (Tony has no such intention, to be sure. He’s still trying to multiply his Steve-year-old sweater by Steve’s shoulder-to-hips ratio and get
“Steve,” Bucky said abruptly. “Look.” Despite how keyed up he was, Steve did so immediately – looking to Bucky and then following his gaze out to the middle of the lake, where one lone swan was floating and staring directly at them.
“I shall take your bet,” she said to Bucky imperiously, while Steve tried to figure out what exactly to begin protesting first.
“Those burns?” Clint asked, directed at the princess. “You were right. A great many people remember seeing burns like them before, during the first insurgence. See, it turns out it takes quite a strong magic user to generate a heat blast such as the one at the accident, which already narrows our options down quite a bit. I have spoken to every notable chemist and weapons-maker on this and the other side of the Sea, and they are all insistent that nothing but magic could have done so much harm without blowing a hole in the side of the mountain. Which means the marks in the burns we thought could be runes probably were just that.
“You will
The man's light blush returns, and Tony’s entire being feels like it’s lighting up along with it.
She could see Ty’s jaw harden. “Fine,” Ty snapped.
The only thing she heard from the audience was nervous laughter-- and then, suddenly, a shout.
“Steve,” she murmured, seeing his face. She pressed a hand to his cheek, tried to wipe out his ears and-- with a bit of hesitation-- his nostrils. “Come on, Steve. Why won’t you wake up? We’re all waiting for you to wake up,” she said.
Steve frowned up at the evasion. “Do you think so?”
“Fine,” said Howard. He pushed the door at the far end of the hall open, and held it for Nia. "I am leaving for the Northeastern Territories tomorrow; it's as good a task as any for you to take until we decide what to do with you."
Nia shot a glare at Ty. “Of course,” she said. “Of course; I’m coming. Can you take me to him?” she added, hoping that the other girl’s company would keep Ty at bay.
Maria sighed, and looked heavenward, shaking her head. “That sounds just like your father. Everything on a need-to-know basis, and no one but him needs to know. It’s the Stone boy,” Maria answered. “Nia, I’ve been telling you for years that I don’t like him--”
Natasha reached out and placed a hand upon his bare, highly muscular forearm. “I would not request anything of you such as this if I had not a good reason. I ask only that you listen to my own suit, in this matter.”
Even preparing for Tony’s departure, Steve did not feel ready by the time the day came.
After a few moments, Steve recovered somewhat from the sight of Tony lying there, motionless in the water, and staggered over to the bank of the creek. He collapsed to his own knees opposite Thor, slumped on the other side of the bird, and he gently brushed a knuckle along the side of Tony’s face. “Tony,” he called, emotion clogging his throat. “Please, Tony, please. Don’t do this, you can’t give up now, please.” He stroked the length of Tony’s long neck, then what he thought must be his shoulder, before running lower over his sternum – and finding something sticking out of Tony’s feathered breast. Gently, he rolled Tony sideways so that he and the others could see the hilt of a dagger sticking out of almost the dead center of his chest, just to the side of his breastbone.
“There isn’t much I can do for curses either,” came another quiet voice from the back of their group, where Steve looked up to see the doctor, Bruce, standing with Sam and Clint. “But…” he drew a little nearer, and looked meaningfully at Steve. “I’ve traveled extensively, and the one thing I’ve seen that can reliably break a curse is… well, love.”
She sucked in a breath. “Was it the right decision?” she asked. “What you and Howard did? This isn’t just him trying to protect me like I’m still a baby, is it?”
“That isn’t—” Bucky began at a volume slightly below a roar, when an arrow suddenly embedded itself in the dirt at his feet. The distance between the arrowhead and the toe of his boot was as thin as a fly’s gossamer wing. The three of them stared down at it in surprise for a moment, before Bucky dug it up with an angry yank and turned to shout at Clint, waving the arrow around. “That she's in range of your arrows does not mean she's safe, you buffoon!”
"He doesn't seem especially conversational," Nia pointed out. "Do you always keep patients in the basement?"
“Six  point six two six oh seven oh oh four oh times ten to the negative thirty-fourth joules per second,” Nia answered.
“No assignment,” said the Dean.
liking someone like her-- she was short, thick-waisted, and mousy and had an overlarge, angular nose and a jaw too square for a woman, and there he was, looking like
“Hey,” Nia objected, but she knew it was true. She’d barely seen the inside of the kitchen at home; she knew how to work a toaster, and she had a vague idea of how to turn a can of tuna into tuna salad, but cooking was hardly her area of expertise. "They're not going to make me a cook."
“That’s why we’re here, isn’t it?” Howard asked. “To decide on a course of action.”
Thor sighed. “Sadly, I know not, Princess. I can say with some certainty that he is not in any of our family dwellings here, nor within any populated region of Asgard, but it is there that my information ends.”
“Great,” Steve replied, decidedly unenthused but surrendering himself to being Tony’s ride for the foreseeable future.
“That wasn’t a request,” Tony said firmly. He turned around and flipped on the overhead lights, then walked into the middle of the main room and stood with his arms folded, tapping his foot loudly. “Out you come, Colossus.”
“You're the only one picking sides,” she told him perfunctorily. “I think you should go, now.”
Though quite abrupt and seemingly humorless at times, Coulson was nothing if not efficient. He soon had everyone present fanning out looking for survivors, for the prince – and the squire, though to him Bucky was clearly a secondary objective. Steve and Sam joined the others, trekking further down the side of the mountain, both tense and afraid and waiting in terrible anticipation for what they might find.
The knight nodded at the quintain. “I watched you ride. Have you been trained in horsemanship?”
Nia sat in the car-- a very nice, shiny black car that contrasted sharply with the old, rusty models she saw on the road as they pulled out of the airport-- and stared out the window as her father and Dr. Yinsen talked about weapons upgrades and partisans and something about a skirmish in the hills.
“Very much so—” he tried to say, but she spoke right over him.
“Thor,” Steve barked, at which Thor paused to glare up at him, and Loki twisted almost comically in the larger man’s grip to do the same.
“Howard?” Nia said.
Tony could feel his lungs burning for air, and he moved his body haphazardly. He felt jerky, clumsy, as though his legs had been cuffed together at the knees and his arms tied behind his back. His neck
“Hullo Nat! Hullo Tony!” Bucky called from the water, flinging his sodden hair out of his eyes. Steve gave him a dirty look, but Bucky ignored it.
“Everyone on this board knows you’ve been working on--”  said a man in a military uniform-- one she recognized from photographs and press conferences, but had never met, a man who was all hard edges, craggy face, thick eyebrows and grey at his temples.
Thor shook his head somewhat despairingly. “Loki’s mind is far afield. I cannot guess at his plans. But he is now imprisoned in Asgard once more, without the considerations provided to him before as a prince. He shall not escape again.”
Steve stared in some dismay at her hand-drawn shield. “Is that a duck?”
“Long time,” Steve answered eventually, his voice thick. “A really long time.”
“Just in case,” Nia urged, and she hurried to get her things together before her father scolded.
. “You said there’s going to be a lot of people at this party. What if—?”
A scream wanted to make its way from his throat, one of pain and despair and frustration, but he did not have the energy. He wanted to warn the others, he wanted to see their faces one last time – he would remain a swan for the rest of his life if he had to, if only he could see them. He could be brave, like Steve, and watch the man he adored marry another, as long as he could be there at his side. But he wanted kisses and he wanted… he wanted…
This might be the last time he saw Tony so open, Steve realized.
Slowly, Tony lifted one hand from the cushion, dropping his weight onto his remaining elbow and his knee, which was now pressing firmly into the inside of Steve’s thigh. Steve’s breath hitched at the feeling of it, the flash of desire over the constant pulse in his stomach, and lower. Tony’s hand was both smooth and rough with callouses where it touched his face, feathering over his cheek, then his lips, and Steve wanted to reach out and lick the tip of his thumb as it passed by, but was not sure if that was proper.
Nia coughed. “Future
“Nia?” asked Nancy. “Nia, are you okay?”
After their meal, Bucky tore off his shirt and ran, whooping and hollering, into the creek. The water was far too cold for Steve to get into, and he was a big boy now, so he knew better than to get in anyway and get sick yet again. So he rolled up his too-large breeches even further than usual, up to his knees, and sat on the squat log they’d dragged over months ago, flicking his feet through the glittering water and laughing with Bucky.
“Wow,” she murmured.
It went on this way for a little while, and Tony gamely hooted and hollered as his friends and acquaintances received their due recognition. He really perked up when Jan announced the award for best monster—
This was
It was her father’s voice, her father, who have never tried to wake her up once in her entire life, standing in the doorway.
And there, when she stepped closer, there was the scar, the one mark the Project Rebirth experiment had left on his body-- a red blotch, shining and twisted across the center of his sternum, shaped curiously like a star.
Tony gaped at him. “For a political alliance, Steve. You know I love Nat dearly, but I don’t desire her as my
Ty sighed and ran a hand over his face. “You always take the romance out of everything.”
Howard sighed. “We don’t even have resolute proof that January
“No,” Nia had answered, honestly. There were too many things she liked, too many things she was good at, and the idea of picking just one had always left her cold, even though she knew it would happen, someday.
“Why are you being this way?” Natasha hissed, when Steve made a face at the mention of her plans with Tony tomorrow. “What has Tony done to you?”
The next day the four of them arrived back at the castle a little before the noon meal, not wanting their absence to raise any suspicions the day before the wedding was to take place. It had taken some concerted effort and logic to pry Steve from Tony’s side, but in the end he had had to acknowledge that he would only be putting Tony and their plan in peril were he to remain behind.
Slowly, he lowered his head once more and pressed his soft, feathered cheek against the cold flagstones. He should have told the others goodbye when he had the chance. Should have told Steve how deeply he loved him. He had been running half a step ahead of his death for so long now, he should have known he would stumble at the last jump.
“Nee?” Ty asked, looking almost terrified.
all seemed wrong, he was probably no longer human. With a deep preparatory breath—and even that simple inhale felt viscerally wrong—Tony tipped his face down to look at his reflection in the lake.
He gaped. “I… I have no words. What the
“Your parents,” Obie finished.
But as of this summer, Prince Tony and Natasha were to be officially betrothed.
“If I win,” she said, her green eyes glinting. “I choose the knight’s arms for you and Steve.”
Steve could only reply that he did not know.
But to ask these questions would betray several weaknesses Tony would rather keep close to his chest, all things considered, so instead he asked: “What do you want with me?”
A throat was cleared unceremoniously behind her, and she turned to look back at the two boys in exasperation. The blond boy looked like he had a bee in his mouth.
“I’m so sorry,” Bucky whispered. “Tony, I’m so sorry, I failed you.”
She listened to his heartbeat for a little while, but seemed satisfied and drew back to look at him. She touched a finger teasingly to the dark, fine hairs over his lip. “You're almost a man.”
They were met at the door by a young woman, not much older than Nia herself. She had short, dark hair, and pale pink skin and a military air about her. Her uniform was freshly pressed and starched stiff.
Steve drew Tony from every possible angle but never let him see the drawings, and he got to know Tony’s face better than any other person he had ever met. The straightness of his narrow nose, apart from the slight curve up at its tip, his thin but pouting lips, his aggressively strong chin, disordered eyebrows and glowing brown eyes. Steve could draw Tony’s face from memory now, imagine his smiles, picture his scowls: keeping it all stored inside himself this time, for when Tony was gone.
“We could nip this in the bud.”  Obie crossed his arms over his chest.
“I want you to memorize those diagrams,” Howard replied. “And then destroy them. We’re not ready for this, not now. I’ll tell them there’s been a setback in my research, that something was missing.”
“Come on, Sam,” Steve muttered. “We should go check on your granma.”
Before he could start to panic again, Tony companionably shoved his shoulder against Steve’s side. This caused him to let out a little “oof” and glare down at him, but Tony shrugged unapologetically. “No time like the present, Steve-o,” he asserted, reapplying his fangs before grabbing Steve’s elbow and using his surprise to drag him down the couple of steps outside the building.
With a conscious effort, he attempted to remain calm. His wings settled down slightly against his newly horizontal back. So he was now a giant, crabby waterfowl. So he could no longer speak. So, if anyone did somehow manage to find him, there was little to no chance they would recognize him, even if he found them before they moved on from this place. His wings drooped off his back and into the water, his long neck sinking as he continued to stare at his reflection in sheer horror.
“We’re not even going to the same
Aunt Peggy scooped her up in both arms and whirled her around like she was still a child who weighed nothing. At least, Nia thought, at least even if neither of her parents showed,
“Miss Stark, does your presence here mean you’re working for your father?” asked another.
Nancy was still dressed in a UNITY uniform, with a
Ty chuckled.
“How could you let them do this?” Nia asked. “
The rest was muffled again in Steve’s chest. As he curled protectively around Tony, Steve’s entire body was shaking, but whether it was with relief or ecstasy he had no idea. Tony was here. Tony was home, he was free. Natasha jumped up and plastered herself against Tony’s back, and that was apparently permission for the entire motley group to leap over and join in the embrace. Tony and Steve were trapped in the midst of them all, laughing like fools and kissing every time their mouths passed each other with all the jostling.
“Yeah,” Steve nods, drumming his fingers in a line down the side of his cup. “Got a friend who works here and gives me probably-illicit discounts. Besides, I enjoy being a man of habit, sometimes.”
He successfully drags his eyes back up to the man’s face, feeling like a tool and a complete creeper but lacking the capacity at pre-6 a.m. to actually… stop being so creepy. “Are I?”
“I don’t think it counts if you didn’t know you were asking,” Steve retorts, taking a swig of his coffee.
In the blue cocktail dress.
“Who?” Ty asked.
“Okay, you see,” Tony snapped. “That is exactly the kind of bullshit that I’m telling you not to try on me. I am an engineer, not a magician. If you’re trying to—”
“I’ll...I’ll find something,” she said, shutting her eyes as she brushed the back of her hand against the impossibly soft silk.
Steve dug his scrawny arm deeper into the great big pot and scrubbed more viciously. He hated Prince Tony more with every passing year, and it only made it worse that Bucky seemed to actually like the other boy now. If it were anyone other than Bucky, Steve would have called them a traitor and never spoken to them again.
Nia realized that she may have been better off wording it some other way when both of her parents began snickering, and she felt her face go hot. “You know what I mean,” she grumbled.
“I know a little about Top Secret things,” Steve replies, somehow managing to give the impression of a saucy wink without actually winking at all. Not a flirtation Tony has ever heard before but, in fairness, he also isn’t sure why they’re still standing in his doorway negotiating this very appealing prospect.
“No black,” Maria answered. “Everyone wears black. If you wear black, they won’t see you.. You want people to be forced to notice you.”
Nia made a face, then rubbed at her eyes. “I don’t know,” she said, shrugging.
This is a
She groped for the door behind her. The handle was icy, but she jerked it open and vaulted herself from the room, her heart pounding in her chest.
Pepper, Sam, and Clint were caught up with the scheme, and after that it became little more than a waiting game. Even having hardly left the impostor’s side for several days, Pepper did not know who Natasha’s traitor might be, unless it was Lord Fury himself. After all, the false Tony barely socialized with anyone but Fury and a few high-ranking representatives from his own kingdom. Preparations for the wedding were proceeding without a hitch, and the great hall had been filled with pews and stands ready to be filled with decorative flowers the next day.
As unhappy as Bucky looked about leaving Steve here alone, he nodded and shot back the way they had come, boots slapping urgently on the flagstones.
“Wh--”  Nia nearly choked. “What--”
“It's still true!” Steve hollered after the retreating carriage.
“He’s all yours,” Nia replied, grinning tightly, as she ducked out of the way and back to her own room.
One night, Steve lay awake in his bed listening to Sam blissfully snoring from the other side of the room, and he wondered, briefly, if Tony’s actions would make more sense if he were feeling the same things Steve was feeling. The wondering soon stuck in his mind like a stubborn burr, and by the time the midday meal rolled around, he could think of little else.
kept anyone from the press largely at bay.
gorgeous Steve want his reclusive, staring, barely-functional neighbor to hang around in his apartment now that he’s done as asked and slain the heinous beast? Steve had probably thought he was joking about the coffee fee.
His eyes remained the same: rich blue and shimmering, framed by long, feathery lashes that Steve lacked the coy art to use to full advantage. Tony would have him no other way. Steve was brusque, and stubborn, and solid, and Tony was hopeless for him. A seemingly endless stream of lovers—female and male with little distinction—had done nothing to change how he felt about Steve, except perhaps to fan his desire for the man into an almost unstoppable blaze.
There was something wrong with Tony, and Steve knew exactly who he needed on his side to help figure out what it was.
And so the mighty kingdom was put under the rule of a mighty queen and her foreign king. Between them the land prospered, and if the king and queen ever seemed to be overly solicitous of two of their knights, well, nobody had any real complaints. The traitorous Stane and Hammer were never seen again in the light of day, and even Asgard was finally at peace. Even more startlingly, her king agreed to reopen trade with its neighboring realms for the first time in centuries.
The emotion that burst open in Steve at the sight of it was one he could hardly put a name to. He gaped at Tony, then at Bucky, then at Natasha, and back to Tony. His heart beat with something like lust, something like excitement, and something very much like relief.
“Oh, your parents,” the man said, taking yet another step closer, so that he hovered over Tony. With a dramatic flick of his heavy cloak, the man dropped into a crouch before the ratty cot and the rattled prince upon it. The man’s face could have been kind, could have been handsome; but instead Tony saw only a serpent in his deep-set eyes and his teeth bared in a cruel smile. He was older than Tony by at least a decade or two, judging by the lines of his face, and his eyes were icy. “Your mother is dead, Stark. Your father too. Long live the king.”
His mouth strayed from hers, and he bit down on her earlobe, hard.
And through all of this, Steve… Steve had very carefully and with extreme bias avoided thinking about what had truly happened to Tony. Each time his mind tried to approach the topic he jerked it forcefully away. He focused on Bucky. He focused on the uproar surrounding the loss of the king and queen of the neighboring kingdom. The frantic search for an appropriate successor, at least until the prince could be found.
Tony was rumpled as well, but Steve had been far too overwhelmed to make anything of his clothing except wrinkle it. His hair was a shock around his head, lit by the fireplace behind him into a glowing gold disk. Steve was ashamed of how much he wanted to return to kissing Tony, how much he desired to ruck up Tony’s expensive tunic and feel the skin of his stomach, perhaps set his mouth to it…
Nia huffed. “We’re
“I’m not really sure—”
. She’d found her way in.
“I’m going to live in the other side of the house,” Nia had answered, a little bit irritated that she’d been dragged all the way to the hospital for this, and had dressed up and everything. “I’ll see you in a week.”  She had thought bitterly that sometimes she’d gone much longer without seeing her mother, when her mother ran away to some far-off Territory to practice medicine in refugee camps, but by twelve, she knew enough not to say so to Maria’s face, even if she had sometimes felt a little bit like her mother spent more time caring about other people’s kids than she did about Nia.
They were directed by the guards up to the guest wing, where Tony was being set up in what had unofficially become his chambers in Natasha’s ancestral castle. Natasha was there already, sitting cross-legged on the bed, while Tony was setting up some sort of ridiculous apparatus of metal rods and what were probably priceless glass containers on the desk in the corner. Bucky was cheerfully following Natasha’s direction, unpacking Tony’s clothing and stashing it all around the room – but emphatically
As soon as he saw it, Tony hissed royally at him, rearing back in mock-betrayal – and Steve started laughing.
They even danced a few times, fast and happy and spinning. Natasha was a lovely dancer and Bucky… was very exuberant.
with Lord Stane, it was agreed upon. Despite his general lack of interest or apparent investment in the life they had once led together, Tony himself was also quite insistent on marrying Natasha as soon as possible. Steve would not be surprised if Tony was concerned, like Lord Fury, that he might disappear again if not safely tied to the princess in marriage, and after so many years there really was no logical reason to wait.
“What the
Oh, Steve didn’t like that at all. His chest rumbled with a displeased growl and his hands clamped around Tony’s waist. “We should go.”
they were stolen from Rhodey’s apartment), The Slippers, and an ancient M.I.T. sweatshirt that had been dredged from somewhere in his nest of laundry when he’d heard the increasingly persistent knocking on his apartment door. Or, at least, after he’d eventually realized the knocking wasn’t part of some terrible BFG-type nightmare Pepper’d had funneled through his window in an attempt to make him keep normal human hours. Somehow, after everything, he wouldn’t put it past her.
Bucky. His parents. They were not in here with him, he could tell – were they elsewhere in this place? Were they still at the crash site? How bad had the crash been, really? How long had he been unconscious? Where
. Maybe she could scream at him; maybe it would make her feel better.
Howard looked up at Maria, his eyes pleading.
“Nia,” Maria said softly.
The day went by at a loathsome crawl for Steve, and after his discussion with Pepper he decided he could not stand to be in Tony’s company for one more moment not knowing what was wrong with him. He was also willing to admit, if only in the privacy of his own mind, that he had been hurt deeply by Tony’s rejection the day before, and felt echoes of that pain every time even the mere thought of Tony came up. So he trained with the other knights as usual, though with the noteworthy (and somewhat humbling) addition of Thor, and then the two of them lunched with Sam as they always did upon the fields. Though the foreign prince sat and heartily enjoyed the small meal with them, today Bucky did not join in as he was normally wont to do.
But at the front of the room, there were half a dozen people on their feet, and Obie and Howard were talking heatedly between each other, and now Ross was shouting at them both, and Howard threw up his hands and walked out of the room.
Tony had some choice thoughts about Sir Alexander’s needlessly dangerous training methods, but decided to keep them to himself. “I see you survived.”
In her head, she ran through so many things she could say. She could demand to know why she’d been refused an assignment. She could detail her impressive academic career. She could go on one of Howard’s lectures about patriotic duty or one of Maria’s lectures about the failure of the system.
“You must be Lady Pepper,” Natasha said, ignoring Tony entirely. “Tony speaks as if you were an angel descended to our mortal realm.”
to,” Tony repeated, wondering why Steve didn’t seem to be getting it. He was giving him an out! Why wasn’t he taking it?
, a rich brown color at the roots but lighter, more golden at the ends of the hairs and on the guy’s extremities. Tony’s gaze dropped from his hairy face to his hairy hands, still raised in surrender, and then his hairy feet—all of his digits tipped with great big black claws—, then back up to the horns protruding from his temples and twisting back over his skull.
None of this was proper.
This did not bode well for Tony’s capacity to fight down his overwhelming attraction to the man.
Judging by his grim smile, it seemed that his efforts this last trip had paid off.
Her mother’s assistant, the young, freckle-faced Miss Potts, had taken her for lunch in the hospital cafeteria, and Nia had gotten to eat pizza off a plastic tray and drink  chocolate milk from a paper carton. Plenty of doctors and nurses and other strange adults she didn’t recognize had come up to her and asked if she was Dr. Cerrera’s daughter, told her they’d seen her on television, asked her how old she was, and generally tried to make small talk, before Miss Potts had taken her back upstairs and buzzed her into her mother’s office.
“The other girl?” Yinsen paused again. “I don’t know. They left her on the ground.”
Steve didn’t dance. And he didn’t ask Tony to play any songs. That night, when Natasha and Bucky had collapsed on the rug, flushed and grinning and with their hair wild from their twirling, Tony peered over the top of the harpsichord at Steve, who was drawing in his bound sketchbook.
Carol shoved a scrap of paper at her. “Here’s both of our APOs,” she said. “Write.”
“Bucky?” Sam asked when he was within speaking distance. Steve shook his head, dazedly. Sam looked as relieved as Steve had felt, then looked over at the carriage. “Tony?”
when she settled down on the first evening to sharpen her knives. Natasha’s mood plummeted in response, though to her credit she did grit her teeth, alter her behaviors, and continue to solicit Tony as and when she could.
It was uncomfortable at best and downright tortuous at worst for Steve to stand at attention behind Natasha as she spoke with Tony and, later, his parents: listening to Tony’s deep, smooth voice and wondering what his beard would feel like against Steve’s lips, or his chest, or… elsewhere.
Tony almost choked.
“Tony,” Natasha breathed, pushing her chair back and standing up.
Steve maintained his silence, unable to answer and unable to lie.
“Perfect,” Tony grimaced dramatically. “Exactly what I needed this summer.”
“Yes,” Sam said, eventually, when there seemed to be nothing more either he or Daisy could do here on the filthy earth, in the pouring rain.
“I missed you,” he said again, his hand darting out and grabbing at the fabric of Tony’s buttoned jacket. “And I promised myself that if I got you back, if the stars looked so kindly upon us, I would not let it go any longer. I… you deserve more than that.”
So Lord Fury began to look outside of their kingdom for aid.
He lay there on the floor, waiting for his strength to return or for the pain to recede. But neither end came, and the wind outside just kept screaming louder and louder.
“No sign of the escort!” Sam called back to Steve over the sound of the rain thudding all around them.
Maria barely changed. She’d always been too focused on her work; if she weren’t taking double shifts at the hospital, she was writing an article, doing research, building prototypes, jetting off on some philanthropic mission, vanishing for weeks, doing who-knows what, who knows-where.
Yinsen was kind: tending to Tony as best he could if he ever found Tony transformed off of the lake, prostrate on the ground or curled in upon himself in the dregs of pain. He was intelligent, as well. A chemist of some sort, judging by his sparse stories.
that room had been-- behind her. It was plain, unadorned, apart from a set of hooks bearing two long coats.
They passed out of the poor area of the city, Nia feeling ill at ease as the dusty, crowded road gave way to a broad boulevard lined by emerald lawns and marble fountains.
The Asgardian chuckled. “You think I cannot create a body for them to find?”
“That’s only a temporary solution,” said Yinsen. “You saw those slums.”
"I'm fine," Nia said. "I mean, not fine-fine...but yes. I'm alive."
They went more or less obligingly, Steve and Sam, back to the room they shared in the set of chambers Steve and Bucky had lived in since they were brought to the castle. Steve was reeling with emotions, but he still knew better than to cross Natasha when she was that mad. Bucky joined them a little while later, but did not say anything. He just put on his bedclothes and retreated into his own room, closing the door quietly. Sam was quiet as well, leaving Steve to stew on it all evening.
“Lord Fury sent me to escort you,” Bucky said distractedly, reaching out to curiously chuck Tony’s newly-bearded chin. “His informants are concerned that an attack may be made on you before the departing feast.”
Steve nodded. “Thor, you lead. Take out the door. Pair up: Sam stays on guard with Thor outside. Sam, lake-side, Thor meadow. Nat with Clint, Bucky with me, looking for a dungeon or any locked chamber. If Tony’s being kept in there it’ll probably be underground. If Loki is in there, he is likely armed and deadly. Use necessary force. On my mark.”
Never let it be said that Tony was unable to tell where he was not wanted. His excitement retreated quickly when he noted Steve’s demeanor, joy leaking out from him like water from a cracked vase. He too drew himself up, trying to catch Steve’s eye, but Steve still would not look at him.
“—How could you, brother?” Thor hollered right in Loki’s ear. “Are you truly so lost? Have you truly fallen so far into this madness?”
“I almost ripped it up,” he said. “I almost--”
After a moment of stillness, the swan let out a loud shriek and its large wings puffed up behind it. Steve could hardly stop himself from yelling Tony’s name once more, at which the bird’s wings extended fully and began flapping frantically. It shrieked at him again, craning its head around to where the sun was dipping below the trees.
“I doubt even my brother has the power to wipe an entire life from your friend’s mind,” Thor cut in as reassuringly as he could. “There are ways to make magical alterations permanent, but it requires more power than I believe Loki has.”
“Great,” Nia muttered.
When he did, he was not remotely as either of them had anticipated, based upon physical descriptions they had been given of his brother.
He pushed open the door when his knock yielded an invitation to enter, and he quickly saw Tony sitting upon the wide windowsill with a book in his hands. “Good evening, Tony,” he greeted, walking over and folding his wrists behind his back. “What are you reading?”
before now, and that’s starting to seem
Because as those years went on, Steve became more and more certain that Tony shared this affliction with him – that perhaps he suffered from it even more than Steve, when Tony’s life was so closely scrutinized at every turn. Steve was a lowly squire, and Tony was a prince. His associations could only naturally be expected to be gossiped upon. Steve tried to remember this as Tony’s very personality seemed to jump in between moments: from staring at Steve’s lips as they said goodbye, and on into the beds of women dotted all around the castle and Kingstown.
in his life, the idea of a marriage keeping them separated seemed… sickly. Wan, and weak, and hardly even a contender.
That first week, before she left her own bedroom, the one she’d grown up in, on her mother’s side of the house, for the first time, Maria sat her down.
Steve began seeking Tony out during the afternoons, then, after all his chores around the castle were completed and he was scolded away from carrying on his work in the afternoon when, as the Crown’s ward, he should have been on his own time.
out in the frozen wasteland. Pretend you’re an Arctic explorer or something.”
After the initial public dismay that the princess and her friends seemed to spend most of their afternoons attempting to murder each other in good humor out on the training grounds, it was simply accepted as part of the castle life.
He looked around, feeling the anger still bubbling within him, and searching for a target. He considered perhaps ripping holes in Tony’s clothes, but that was a fixable inconvenience and, besides, spoiled Prince Tony did not care much for his breathtakingly expensive wardrobe. He had brought no slimy nor sticky substances to put in Tony’s shoes, nor any bugs or other such creatures to leave around and frighten him.
“It’s a whittling knife,” Natasha said into the horrified silence. “Short blade. It probably hasn’t reached his heart. And he didn’t take it out, so he hasn’t bled out yet.”
Tony took him up on it eagerly, shucking his fancy jacket and shirt and splashing into the water like a dancing fool. Even Natasha removed her stiff kirtle and sat next to Steve in her floaty white chemise, dipping her feet in the water and shivering at the chill.
And then Steve blinked, and looked up at her, and her heart began to hum in her chest, and she squeezed him in her joy, tightly, like a child with a stuffed toy.
It was Thor who spotted him first. Once he’d seen their destination, his long strides had eaten up those of the others. By the time the rest of them arrived seconds later in the clearing by the water, he was on his knees in the shallows of the creek, running his hands over the large bird lying still before him.
Instead, there was nothing in Tony’s gaze when he looked at Steve. A slight wariness, that pervasive uncertainty, and not even a flicker of the bright affection that he had once spilled between them every time their eyes met. Steve found himself wondering how much someone had to change before they really could be considered a different person. He wondered if Tony had come back without the love he'd once had, without those relationships, without his joy, without his fire… if that was the case, was he even still Tony at all?
When he leveled the arrowhead at the swan’s chest, the animal seemed to realize the danger it was in quite quickly and began to back away, though it was still flapping its wings and hissing.
“My parents issued a public statement,” Ty said, as he caught up with Carol, panting slightly. “They’re not buying any photographs, and they’ll see to it that anyone who sells a photo of you that was taken without your permission never sells another pic to any of their outlets.”
Nia threw the receiver across the room. When the cord extended too far, the phone came off the table, knocking a vase to the floor, where it shattered, smashing into tiny fragments of cream-white porcelain. Her shoulders heaved; she
“And I knew it wasn’t going anywhere good,” Howard said, shaking his head. He picked at a gap in his teeth, as if he had a piece of food stuck between them. “I knew they didn’t want an electrical source, they wanted a weapon, they wanted a bigger, better version of the bombs we dropped to end the war, and I went through that once on my own. They--  none of them understand the toll it takes. You can’t live with yourself. You can’t wake up in the morning.”
“You were hiding under the bed?” Tony asked in disbelief. “Hiding
Once he had captured both of Tony’s hands in his own, the guy pressed them against his chest in a sweet gesture that would have melted Tony in most other contexts. He sought out Tony’s gaze earnestly, then smiled at him once he had it.
Nia panicked. She hadn't expected this. The last time she'd been dogged by the press was when her parents were in the midst of their divorce, and that had been bad enough for UNITY to pass the Child Celebrity Protection Act, but the act had worked. It wasn't that there weren't stories about her in the news, or photos from the occasional outing, but people who wanted to interview a minor had to gain written permission first.
he does not.
,” she groaned, and sat down on her mother’s sofa, pinching the bridge of her nose. “I hate him; I hate him--”
“Welcome, Prince Anthony,” Lord Fury launched into the proper greeting protocol.
“Then if we establish his alibi we can split up to search out the remaining two magic users!” Steve insisted.
Steve managed quite skillfully to avoid ever being left alone with Tony, even as he remained at Natasha’s side at every waking—and some sleeping—hours. Tony looked more handsome and appealing than Steve remembered, which he would not have thought possible except it seemed to happen every year. Tony’s burgeoning whiskers of the last few summers had now become a fully-fledged mustache, accompanied by a beard which was artfully crafted to obscure the fact that his facial hair did not grow uniformly upon his chin.
He was tall, taller than Obie, taller than Ty, and built like a Greek statue: all muscles, all lean, broad-shouldered but not bulky, almost delicate in his physique, in spite of his size, built like a dancer, with a narrow waist and hips, and--
“That’s what I just suggested,” Ty answered. “Remember that time my parents were in the Southwestern Territories, covering that revolt, and we had the house to ourselves…” he said.
Steve cut him off by wheeling around and putting his hands on his shoulders. It was a good thing, too, because Tony was about five words away from bursting into tears. He took a moment to collect himself and try to scrub the embarrassing emotion from his face.
“We have to find the carriage,” Steve said, noting how remarkably even his voice had come out, when he felt like his entire body was trembling with fear.
“It would be a little difficult to hide from him, in the same house,” Howard pointed out.
But he seemed pleased by Tony’s reaction, and Tony would have to purchase Sir Alexander something very nice to thank him for getting Steve healthy and strong in a way they never thought he would manage, not after his childhood of poverty and famine.
But more than all these, Steve could not not decide which was the more painful: watching Tony with Natasha, or watching him with Bucky.
And then they were off, out in the open, and—it being Halloween, and all—the streets were positively crawling with people. Tony’s apartment block was part of a larger complex not far from campus, but most of the area was residential housing. Meaning they were surrounded by a healthy mix of bouncing children, trudging adults, and over-eager college students zipping from house to house in search of treats.
A few days after Loki’s departure with a full guard of Natasha’s knights, Steve found himself standing uncertainly outside the door to Tony’s rooms, his arms folded protectively over his stomach. There was a distinct bittersweet feeling to seeing Tony these days, as the hope of him returning to how he had once been died a little more every day, and the reality of what he had become when taken from them became harder and harder to ignore.
Then again, a soldier knows how to use his arsenal to devastating effect, and Steve can scarcely go wrong with those killer abs and eyelashes.
The car ride home was silent. Howard drove; Maria sat in the front. Nia sat in the back seat, crumpled up against herself, keeping her head low so she wouldn’t accidentally make eye contact with anyone in the rearview mirror.
No, they all had to concede, Tony most certainly would not.
She wanted to cry. She knew every word of what she said was true, and it ached. Whatever Howard might want, ransom was off the table. UNITY had let hostages die before, and they couldn't make an exception for anyone.
“And shut him up as well,” Natasha added frostily, standing on the platform and staring down at Stane.
Pepper blanched. “That means he is not able to come to us. What if Loki has done something else to him? … What if he has stolen his memory, and that is why he has not sought us out?”
“Really?” asked Obie. “Does that mean you didn’t make up your mind, after all?”
And then it was gone, the sound vanishing as quickly as it came. Everything just stopped. The feeling like all his senses were full of radio static disappeared in an instant and left his ears ringing in the silence. His skin thrummed and he blinked his eyes frantically.
“Very well, Your Highness,” Fury agreed, sounding amused and thoughtful.
Clint made a noise at him. “They will know we're coming! As soon as we step foot in Asgard we have mere days to track down each of our suspects.”
“Your parents are here,” the Peace Officer said. She wasn’t much older than Nia herself, probably still in the middle of her Service Assignment, tall and lanky, with dark skin and a pretty halo of black curls that were definitely not regulation, but also, Nia thought, well worth the infraction.
“I hate him,” he snarled, not caring that his ma would have been ashamed to hear such words leave his lips, no matter how well-deserved.
It still felt like a place for dancing, with joyful notes of song whirling through the air, and Steve had half a mind to ask Tony to dance with him before realizing that there was no music, and that it was a ridiculous request anyway.
He forced back a choke of desperation and went determinedly on through the mud.
An involuntary noise escaped Steve’s throat when he realized what Tony was trying to say. “It’s painful. The change is painful unless you’re in the water.” That was why Tony had stayed on the lake long after he'd seen them approach, waiting for the sun to set before he stepped foot on land.
“Shut up, Steve!” came the faint reply over the cacophony of hooves and carriage wheels on the stone road, and Steve smiled to himself.
Maria stopped, and stood still, tilting her head at Nia, looking lost for a moment.
"No, Maria," she had heard her father say. "We can't."
sorry,” she said. “I...thanks. I...throat hurts. Better shut up.”
“January’s a legend,” Howard insisted again. “We’d know if he were real.”
For his part, Tony was looking up at Steve in almost equal disbelief, as though Steve could not possibly be real. The chain rattled as Tony brought his hands up to Steve’s chest, pressing against the muscle as if to rest before continuing up to his face. He had one hand on each of Steve’s cheeks, and his brown eyes were dull, as if he hardly even recognized the man before him.
The bigger boy—James—gave Tony a very small but polite bow. “Hello, Your Highness.”
The girl frowned at her, not looking as if she knew what to make of Nia’s comment, and then held out her hand. “I’m Nancy,” she said. “I’m with General Ross’ party.”
The next thing she knew, Ty was clasping her hand again, and they were on their feet, moving toward the stage. She couldn’t breathe; she was going to collapse, she just
“Important?” Tony finished wryly. “My father certainly would not think so.”
“Nia,” Nia said. “Less of a mouthful.”
He had slipped into Natasha’s chambers while she and their three other friends were eating supper – the meal was quickly forgotten.
Steve’s hands balled into fists at his side. “Even if… I was willing. I will not share you. It's not… it's not right.”
“Thanks!” Tony replied, giving her two thumbs up, then pushed himself up on Steve’s back to bend over his head and grin at him upside-down. “See? Everyone loves your costume!”
As she circled the house, coming back to the front and fast running out of window options, she stumbled, and realized how tired she was-- suddenly, feeling heavy and slow and clumsy, she rubbed at her head, felt a languid ache in her legs and back.
Steve obeyed, if somewhat mulishly. He swept up the cape Tony had ordered him from where it lay on the kitchen counter, shook it out, and fastened the clasp around his neck.
Clint made an awed sound, then turned sharply to hear Natasha’s counter.
Steve, who’s terrified of spiders, and yet still had the presence of mind to waddle out into the hall to set his devious schemes in motion when the opportunity presented itself, confronted with just such a monster during his ungodly early morning shower. And really, who wouldn’t appreciate someone with such a cunning mind as that? Tony loves a sexy body, but he might fall in love with a sexy brain.
,” she said. “I stopped doing that after the divorce. There’s money on what?” she asked, curiously.
Tony fidgeted, and Natasha sunk her fingertips more viciously into his shoulders in warning. “Come back with us,” she said, somewhere between a plea and a command.
Graduation ceremonies were always the same. A moment of silence for those lost in the war, a moment of silence for those lost in the Stamford Incident, important-sounding, droning speeches by UNITY officials to begin, followed by some student who was probably going to get assigned to public relations, and then the assignments. No one actually cared about the speeches. They were mostly propaganda. Howard had given them a few times; they’d offered him a slot this year, but he’d turned it down, saying that he thought it was in poor taste to speak when his own daughter was graduating.
A distant clang echoed through the stone room from what sounded like a long corridor or staircase beyond, and it effectively ground Tony’s thoughts to a halt. Somebody was coming.
Nia opened the folder, but barely had time to glance at the schematics before she stopped, looked up at her father, and tried to speak.
But she was still jumpy, and it was still early-- only eight o’clock, there were three hours left to curfew now that Academy was over for the summer, and it struck her, suddenly, very hard, that her friends would be leaving.
!” she shouted at him, and she zipped up her pants, dropping to her knees to fumble for her bra.
One day near the end of the summer, Bucky presented Natasha with a wreath of local leaves, flowers, and herbs very beautifully woven together with ribbons and thread, and though neither of them acknowledged it aloud, Bucky and Tony shared a nod of understanding over the gesture. Natasha did not wear the peasant’s betrothal crown at first, but Steve found out from Tony that she had it hanging up to dry in her bedchamber so that it would last long after the leaves were no longer green and fresh, and Steve supposed that was better than wearing it when it was beautiful and dying.
The amulet was heavy around his neck, but still felt lighter than the great burden it had been looped around his leg while flying. To his gratification, the transformation from swan to human was almost entirely painless with the amulet’s power at work. Perhaps because the change was not part of the spell – merely the absence of it. Either way, Tony hated the inconsistencies and constantly illogical nature of magic, so he did not think on it too much.
“Steve!” Tony snapped, eyes wide in panic. His hand leapt forward to clamp around Steve’s thigh. “Nat will do the same with Bucky. I know that, I'm comfortable with that – surely you must know…?”
to what happened last…”
“What she means is he probably deserved it,” said Jim.
He wasn’t actually her uncle. He was her father’s partner; the one who had the head for business and politics so that Howard could stick to the important work of inventing. A good ten years younger than her father, he’d been young when the Last War ended, and he’d always just seemed to
“Steve will end you,” Tony wheezed through the grip on his throat, his mind wheeling with fear. “You
She threw her hands up, then whirled on Howard. “And you’re-- you
Nobody had the heart to point out that, whether or not the knife pierced his heart, few ever recovered from being stabbed in the chest.
This was not how things would end between them. They had an entire life ahead of them full of love and devotion, Natasha’s sharp tongue and soft smiles, Bucky’s free affection and determined good sense, Sam’s cheerful scolding and his constantly bringing those nasty birds into their rooms, Clint’s terrible sense of timing and all the horror and laughter it would no-doubt bring them…
Steve turned to gape at his friend, perched on the edge of his bed in the middle of removing his breeches. “Everything, Sam,” he managed. “We have everything to lose. I have everything to lose. Tony might be able to recover unscathed but I… I would be ruined.”
Maria’s eyes narrowed. “Why not?” she demanded. Her voice was slow, colder than her mother had ever sounded before.
Natasha cleared her throat as soon as she saw Bucky and Steve enter, and Tony froze, practically tossing his notebook and leather-wrapped charcoal onto the floor across the room.
“Sorry,” said Uncle Obie, as he pressed a hand to his forehead. “Sorry, sorry-- It feels like I’ve only just remembered not to call you ‘Annie,’ and it’s...Nia, now, isn’t it?”
Steve did not look convinced. “Are you s—?”
She sighed, her shoulders slumping. “Right,” she said. “Okay. Well. Back up to bed, I guess. Maybe it’ll be better in the morning.”
Steve did not like to think of himself as a man who lacked objectivity. Still, he knew that sometimes his emotions clouded his judgment, and as far as he was concerned, his entire dalliance with Tony had been little more than a perfect example of this. Tony was beyond untouchable, a hopeless prospect… and yet his emotions chimed in and made everything needlessly difficult for both of them. After all, Steve was fairly certain that Tony’s infatuation with him would have died a quick and painless death years ago had Steve not encouraged it with his own poorly-concealed attraction.
“Not on that particular project,” Howard answered. That was all he said. He shut his mouth, looking stony and severe.
“Speak for yourself,” Ty answered, wryly. “My future wife isn’t going to work sanitation or food service.”  He gave her a little squeeze around the shoulders.
“”You’re not supposed to--”  She groaned. “Okay,” she said. “Out of the car. Everybody.”
Nia gave Obie a watery smile. “I’m half-hoping they give me something like...farming. Just to avoid it all. I just don’t have any idea what they’ll do.”
you.”
,” Nia observed. She tugged her jacket more tightly around her. “Gone, like you’re…”  She bit her lip and looked back at Steve, still and silent in his tomblike enclosure.
She climbed to her feet, trembling and achy. “So let’s see,” she said.
it like a blinding light. The noise kept getting louder and louder, until there was no way it was just some electrical malfunction. Tony was half-paralyzed by the sound, and half by his own bewilderment. There was a buzzing in the air, across his scalp and his skin, like he’d skidded across a carpet and then shocked himself on a metal rail.
“Will you look at me?” Tony blurted out, half regretting it and half relieved that he’d finally said it.
The fact that someone had clearly set his injury helped clear some of the confused fog in his head. Tony was a genius, to be certain, but he had yet to master the art of snapping his own joints back into place while unconscious. Someone else had to be here. Perhaps the someone who owned the cot, or someone who had called for a doctor to set his arm.
“That isn’t a good sign,” Clint muttered in response to Natasha’s report, as she slipped over to Steve’s shoulder and crouched between him and the archer.
Someone, somewhere, snapped a photograph, and she swore under her breath. She straightened up again, tried not to let the confusion show on her face, tried to look serene.
“Well, Nia,” Ty said, and he turned to face her, smiling deviously, a wicked glint in his eyes.
“What?”  Ty shook his head. “Oh. No. I…No, that was just to get away from everybody else without-- you know, sounding---”
He revealed Thor’s amulet cupped in his palm – covered with dried blood. Nestled alongside it was a single, white feather.
Natasha froze mid-chew for an infinitesimal moment before resuming as if nothing was amiss, while Pepper glanced at Steve and Clint and Sam outright gaped at Tony.
“I don’t like this,” she said, getting up from the sofa. “I don’t like
Steve had mixed feeling about the delay – on the one hand, to have Tony and Natasha marry would indeed give her the right to reign in her own kingdom. And though Lord Fury was an admirable regent, Steve would still infinitely prefer Natasha’s hand on the scepter, as it were.
“What did you say?” he rasped, almost breathless with joy.
Howard, though, rolled his eyes. “If I
Finally? He’s “finally” managed to ask him? Steve has
Steve turned slowly to Bucky, giving his friend’s face a quick glance. He was at once reassured and horrified to see that Bucky was glaring at Tony, eyes narrowed in clear suspicion. To someone who didn’t know Bucky like Steve did, the expression on his face could easily be interpreted as that of a jealous lover watching his beloved being married off to another man. But Steve knew Bucky very well indeed, and that was not a look of jealousy on his face, but one of outrage.
Ty dropped to one knee and reached a hand in his pocket. The cameras went off like fireworks on V-Day, and the reporters were all giddy with excitement, all but the one brunette woman, who had lowered her microphone and was looking on with a cold, furious expression.
“On it,” Bucky mumbled, shooting Loki a venomous glare before striding behind Steve to the back of the cavernous, roofless hall.
“You have ten seconds to get out from under my bed and come out with your hands up, or I’m calling the cops,” he yelled through the safely closed door, willing his voice not to shake.
Steve bristled.
Tony leaned down to whisper in Natasha’s ear, and she smiled fondly at him.
He looked even
Steve was going to fall back on his original idea, which was that Tony was an arrogant, snide jerk who did not care about other people’s feelings… but he was uncomfortably aware that that particular line of reasoning was feeling its six years of use. And that, furthermore, Tony had done quite a lot to redeem that impression in all those years.
“Mr. Stark is concerned,” Obie put in. “And I understand his concern. Let’s not all forget what happened the last time he was put in charge of rebuilding something from Hydra schematics.”
“Hey!” Jim shouted again. “You heard her!  You can’t--”
Nia straightened up in her chair, smacking her hands down against the little desk in front of her seat. She’d never felt protective of her father before, and now-- in spite of the fact that she
Bucky and Tony were an excellent riding match, since they both enjoyed the thrill of speed and competition – but Bucky was more cautious and careful than Tony, which ensured that their rides never fell too far out of hand. Steve always went with Bucky and Tony, practically giddy to have both of them all to himself for however many hours they were out riding.
“Nee?” Ty asked, looking down at her. “Can we...go somewhere? I need to talk to you.”   He looked up, his eyes searching, head turning toward the wooded area that backed onto the nearest house.
It took him several long seconds to realize that he was not dead – but that he wished he could be. The only sounds he heard were the roarings of
Anthony is your betrothed, Princess. Your kingdom is no small prize. Men have killed far more attempting to control far less than your lands.”
“No assignment,” the Dean repeated. His tone was patient, matter-of-fact, as if it were the most normal thing in the world to
“I’ll have you know I was up late doing Very Important Things,” Tony notes imperiously, and Steve’s smirk only grows wider.
, but there was a freedom from expectations, when it came to interacting with strangers, that she relished the opportunity for.
“Bet you,” Bucky insisted.
“Good,” Tony said again, wondering if he looked as ill as he felt.
The most memorable fight he lost was with the quintain. Steve was reasonably skilled with a horse but less so with a lance, meaning that Bucky was given cause to seriously regret inviting Steve to join him in his practice session. It was as Steve was arguing with Bucky on the training field about being allowed a sixth try with the quintain (newly bandaged up from the blow he had taken, as the arm of the device had swung around and struck him rather dramatically in the back of the head), that Bucky’s knight—the renowned Sir Alexander Pierce—approached the pair of them.
She smiled at him – then suddenly seemed to notice something surprising over his shoulder. She pushed him rather abruptly to the side and strode over to the carriage. “I am Princess Natasha,” she announced, demanding a response.
Ty reached for her shoulder. “You didn’t really mean--” he started.
Still, when the prince had to leave at the end of the summer the whole castle slipped into a period of melancholy, feeling the silence and emptiness in his wake and missing the vibrancy that the other child’s presence brought out in their young princess.
This conversation was held as Bucky deftly swept aside a tapestry Steve had hardly paid any attention to before in their shared rooms, revealing a door hidden behind it. Blowing right over Steve’s indignation and surprise, Bucky opened that door, grabbed Steve by the hand, and led him down a disconcertingly dark hallway. After some twists and turns and a dark stairwell Steve discovered by tripping over it, they arrived in the antechamber of a room Steve did not recognize.
, Steve,” she said.
It took her two attempts to get the words out of her mouth. “They were going to assign me to the project.”
Her daughter, dressed in a surprisingly good Moana costume, continued to stare suspiciously at Steve for a few seconds before turning to give Tony the stink-eye. He grinned toothily down at her. Soon enough she apparently decided to accept that Steve was a monster for Halloween just like Tony was a vampire, and whirled around to skip towards the next house.
But there at the side of the desk was a notebook. Steve flicked it open and recognized haphazard columns of numbers, though they did not look like records or an invoice or anything numbers were actually useful for. He looked a little more closely and noted that it was written in ink. Directly over the notebook was a window pane, through which he could see the rain sheeting against the glass.
Steve turned slowly to look at Tony, who was standing in the doorway in his nightgown and heavy red robe. He had clearly just awoken: his hair a fright and his eyes still a little bleary. Sam was already looking in his direction, somewhat aghast, and Natasha and Bucky had to turn slightly over their shoulders to see him.
It was only now, now that Tony was out of Steve’s reach, possibly forever—possibly
This was not like Tony. This was not like Tony at all. Tony did not choose silence, did not turn his back. Tony fought, and scrapped, and said hurtful things like his voice was as sharp and cutting as a cheese wire. He had fire in his brown eyes and they glowed gold and his cheeks flushed and he plotted revenge and he stayed cool and… he did not just…
would be there, Peggy who had filled in for her mother on so many occasions. It had been Peggy who’d bought her her first razor, her first package of tampons, who had taken her shopping for a stylish dress for her first formal dance.
There was silence as everyone tried their best to figure it out. If he was hurt, he couldn’t have gone far, but would he have gone to the castle, or elsewhere?
“Do you have a list?” Sam asked into the brief silence.
She stopped speaking then, and Yinsen moved out of her immediate field of vision.
Once upon a time, there was a great and wealthy kingdom in the land of Midgard.
“You going to make a habit out of greeting me every morning in a towel?” Tony teases, raising his cup to his lips.
The room was impeccably clean: tile floor, as she’d guessed, and whitewashed walls. The wall to what had been her right-- now her left-- with all the little colored lights, was just that, a huge rack of machinery, with dials and sensors and gauges, all fed by the object in the center of the room.
“Oh. You—wow, really?”
Pepper made a terrible noise of hurt and horror, falling back a step and taking Sam’s arm for support.
Ty pulled his cap from his head. “I should find my parents,” he said. “There has to be something we can do; we-- if they think for one second I’m going to protect their corrupt bureaucratic asses--”
Nia blinked. That was not the answer she’d expected. “O...kay,” she replied slowly.
“Is it time to go?” Nia asked, scrambling to sit up from her mother’s lap.
of his neck and the base of his spine – none of it had disappeared along with the pain.
“You are to be married,” Steve reminded him coolly.
He grinned down at Tony from where he was kneeling beside him, and there was no trace of the loyal family friend Tony had known in that smirking face. His eyes were cold, his smile chilling, and the realization of what was happening began to make its way through the cloud of pain in Tony’s mind.
the press; there’s no one who knows how news works like you do. There’s not a single person here who doesn’t already know you’re going to get an assignment in journalism. Bullshit, you didn’t think about it.”
But Tony shook his head. He stayed still for a second, then reached up to grab a piece of her hair that had escaped its braid, smoothing the copper lock slowly between his fingers before tucking it securely behind her ear. “He’s set up a perimeter of some kind – if I set foot outside it I turn back into a swan, no matter where the sun is.”
Obie gave her an apologetic look, and patted her on the shoulder. “Fine. They promised they’d get to graduation before you get your assignment.”
“Okay, let me look at you,” she said. She pressed a finger to his shoulder, tentatively at first, and then more firmly-- he was about as cold as the room.
The music stopped suddenly as Natasha turned on the stool to face them all, and Steve and Tony broke apart as if they had been pulled by invisible ropes.
“I wasn’t
“We have inbound,” Sam said from his place by the door, peering out into the hallway.
Many members of the court of Menahahte, as well as some of Natasha’s own courtiers, had insisted that Bucky must have had something to do with Tony’s disappearance. Bucky’s love for Natasha was a rather poorly kept secret, so he certainly had a motive of jealousy, at the very least. What he lacked quite spectacularly, the dissenters vehemently argued, was the means. Nobody was able to come up with a plausible situation in which Bucky could have caused such explosive damage to the scene and sent not only the carriage but six of the escorts to their deaths over the cliff, and five more to their near-deaths. Not least
The three of them hugged, tightly, Jim and Carol sandwiching Nia in the center, bumping their noses against the top of her much-shorter head.
She prodded her own thumb in the air and grinned. But she felt like her smile was stretched too wide, like she was gritting her teeth down too hard.
Tony relived the early years of his relationship with Steve over the next week or so, both seeming to avoid each other with equal parts stubbornness and bitterness – at least on Tony’s part. Even Natasha had not tried to convince him to spend time with Steve, which Tony assumed meant that she did not know what was wrong and was determinedly working to figure out what it was before addressing either of them.
he could not pick up through mere exposure to Bucky.
“I’m on my way to dinner,” she said, irritably.
, to make sure people had what they needed?
Tony noticed, and lifted his eyes to Steve’s. “Don’t,” he said, his voice gravelly. “Don’t… over-think this.”
noises.
Steve glared. “I know songs.”
“Tony!” Natasha greeted, striding over to kiss his cheek.
And then Ty was there, standing next to her, his smile warm and reassuring, and he clasped her hand in his.
Nobody said anything for a few seconds. Something curled in Steve’s stomach; a feeling like he had forgotten something very important.
She winced, and stepped back. “Gross,” she said, feeling suddenly guilty. “I’m sorry, Steve. Especially with you, uh--I’m not looking at your junk; I promise I’m not looking at your junk…”  She put a hand up to shield her peripheral vision. “Sorry. Okay. Like, if you’re even remotely conscious even with your synapses all fucked up like that, and you remember any of this, I am so, so sorry.”
“Show her,” the doctor said.
“Complicity… Steve…” Tony sounded lost. “I want you. I'm… I'm sorry I'm not what you wish I was, but this is who we are and this is what we have been given. I have been given you in my life,” His hand left Steve’s thigh and reached upwards, but he was too far away to touch Steve’s face like he clearly wanted to. The hand dropped gently to Steve’s stomach instead, his thumb resting on Steve’s clothed navel and his fingers curling around his side. “If you want me, you have me.”
he wanted to shout, but all he could do was make a vague grunting sound.
felt the deep thrill of fear at the reckless speeds they reached. Tony always ended up beaming and bright-eyed, Bucky frantically and fruitlessly scolding both him and Steve. Honestly, Steve thought a little terror was worth it.
“Why use someone else at all?” Steve asked, inching closer to Tony and Bucky as surreptitiously as he could manage. “Why not just make himself look like Tony, if he already can?”
is grounds for war, Lord Fury, do you really—”
“Hi, Nat,” he said warmly. “I missed you.”
about that?”
By the following year, the war in Asgard had died down after what everyone hoped was a lasting resolution was reached. The notoriously haughty kingdom did not care to lower itself to communicate with the lesser mortals of the surrounding kingdoms, nor did Jötunheim bother with such pleasantries, but after months passed with no signs of recurring aggression, all the lands of Midgard breathed a great sigh of relief.
A frisson went through the air – a spark of excitement and expectation, and for a moment Steve could not tell whether it originated with him or with the man sitting stock-still on the couch before him. Tony looked down, rubbed his hand across his chest, his entire body bunching with nerves…
“Tony will be in no danger,” Steve assured her, wresting his hand from her grip so that he could retake her small hands between his own. “Natasha would never allow him to be hurt.”
“No,” the guy said, in a voice that implied it was actually an embarrassed ‘yes’.
“Which decided brilliantly to blindside me with your tactical pecs.”
It happened too quickly for Tony to even brace himself.
Any remaining hope he had of engineering his own escape deflated in his chest, and he had to fight with everything he had not to give in to the despair.
"You have a guy named Steve in a coma in our basement," Nia said, just to summarize the situation.
the width of Tony’s—is doing a pretty good job of detonating the few remaining cells in his brain.
And she had gotten a lump in her throat, and nodded.
The man sighed, though his unsettling smile barely faltered. “It is not up to them. This place is hidden from their sight. Even if they were to stand not three strides from you, they would not see you. They would not hear you. You could strike them upon the face and they would feel nothing more than the wind.”
He reached the gentle waters at something between a glide and a roll. As soon as he had reached up and opened the latch of the storeroom door with his beak, he had known there was no way he would be able to make it up the hill to the castle. Obadiah—
Nia nodded. “Where--”
. I could place my own wager and I’d be as lost as everybody else.”
Nia screamed. Something smacked her upside the head, and she wondered if she’d been shot. She could hear the commotion behind her-- surely the other hotel guests, Obie, her father, even Ty, must be coming for her. The man who held her started dragging her away, toward the expansive lawn behind the hotel.
“Oh, I know,” Obadiah replied absently, squeezing curiously at Tony’s bicep. “I have that vile sorcerer’s notes on that little spell of his. Yours as well, my boy. I must admit I’m curious. I’d imagine it to be excruciatingly painful, turning into a bird and back every day… that, of course, is why I know there is no point in asking for a voluntary donation. You’re as pig-headed as your father was – ah, it’s a shame you didn’t die with him in that crash. Wouldn’t that have just been so much easier?”
Tony looked as gorgeous as Steve remembered. Clint must have told him to shave off the beard entirely – it would certainly have looked strange to the guests were the prince to have grown a full beard and mustache in the space of an hour. He looked less gaunt and sickly than he had at the lake, perhaps after a good meal, and newly dressed in his old finery. He and Natasha had both chosen to wear red, their joint favorite color. Her dress was liberally trimmed with white lace, and her copper hair was coiled around her head beneath a short white veil. Tony’s silk shirt was red, the rest of his clothing black and tightly fitted, from the decorated leather overcoat to the fine leather boots.
Then he drew back, and made a loud squawking noise. “Are you Steve or are you the man that ate Steve?”
“Was that the case with your brother?” Natasha challenged.
She had turned and looked at him, standing with one hand on the doorframe, looking somehow sad. He was a war hero, one of the most powerful men in UNITY, but Nia had watched, over the course of her young life, as he'd grown tired, diminished even, from the strong, dashing figure he'd cut when she had been a tiny girl, and he had always been out of reach, a man she knew more from the television and the radio than from playtimes or family outings.
“What happened to Nancy?” Nia asked.
“Don’t you dare,” Nia whispered, feeling grateful for that one reporter, as if her reaction meant Nia wasn’t so unreasonable, after all. “Don’t you--”
him to leave?
Slowly, carefully, he eased onto his side on the plush mattress, closing his eyes to see if he could imagine what it would feel like to have Tony laying along his back. It was too easy to imagine: Tony was warm, smaller than Steve though sometimes he felt so very much larger. Steve imagined the feel of Tony’s beard smoothing along the back of his neck, Tony’s breaths whispering behind his ear. He knew now what it felt like to have Tony’s mouth pressed against his lips, Tony’s body pressed against his own, and he knew he would never be able to forget the sensation.
“It's triumphant,” she snapped, ignoring Clint and Bucky snickering beside her.
“Yes?” Nia asked.
“Can he do that?” Steve asked, feeling like his brain was no more than a cloud, floating pleasantly inside his head.
“This is where the hotel is,” Dr. Yinsen answered. They drove up a long, flower-lined drive, and stopped at a gate where a security guard in a smart uniform checked their papers before allowing them through.
There were too many things she wanted to be, too many things and not enough time.
“Well, you look very grown-up.”  Obie gave her a pat on the shoulder. “We’ll have to have lunch later; you can tell me what you’re planning to do with yourself. Howard, are you going to try to recruit her?”
“Where is Tony?” Bucky demanded, storming over and grabbing Stane’s collar so tightly it pulled white lines into the skin of his throat. “What did you do to him?”
Sam would still be rooming with Steve until he became the official falconer of the castle and could move into the quarters by the mews, but for now they were all comfortable maintaining the current arrangement. (Well, Steve could currently think of a single rather compelling argument against it.)
“I have something,” was how Clint announced his return to the castle.
. She needed to see it.
Steve huffed but gamely pushed his way through the crowd of drunken, tipsy, or sugar-manic twenty-somethings while Tony attempted to sing along to the pounding music in the most terribly off-key voice he could manage.
“Not if you're fast enough,” Steve retorted, which made Tony grin and take his hand.
“I don’t know, maybe for naming me after the rarest and most precious thing in the world,” Nia said, suddenly flustered. She hadn’t expected to have to explain. She looked down at the floor, shrugging.
Sam was peering dubiously at him. “What about everything they found in the back room?”
“You should accompany him, Sir Steven,” Thor noted, giving his brother a rattling shake, which made him hiss like a disgruntled viper. “I have Loki under control.”
Bucky glanced over at Steve. “I assume we're not waiting.”
The doctor nodded. “That may be,” he agreed. “But our offer isn’t for your father. It’s for your mother.”
As King Howard looked bemusedly between them, the queen and regent nodded at each other in acknowledgment that they were of one mind.
Tony’s nose swept upwards, and was replaced by his lips. Touching ever so faintly on Steve’s burning skin, catching staccato as Tony dragged them slowly across Steve’s cheek to his ear. When he kissed the shell it felt like a shock of lightning, and when he drew the lobe into his mouth and
She pored through the rack with growing delight-- the clothing was far nicer, far more sophisticated than anything she’d worn at home, and all, as Maria promised, in beautiful, bright colors.
“I, uh...” Oh god, it sounded like the guy was about to cry. Did Tony make the home invader cry?? “I panicked, uh, when you opened the front door. I tried to hide in the closet but, um, I realized you might be putting things in there. So, uh…”
Their conversation had been civil until, as usual, Tony ruined it all.
“Dad!” she shouted across the lobby. He didn’t turn around, but he slowed his hasty walk.
What Tony had thought was a fuzzy blanket when he glimpsed it under his bed was actually acres of shaggy
Steve found himself desperately wishing Tony was there, so he could tell him as well.
A small, wicked smile began to wind its way onto Natasha’s face, and Steve suspected it had nothing to do with the fact that he had wound his fingers in with Tony’s at their sides, which made Tony dart him a pleased, knowing look.
,” Jim said with a groan, gesturing at Carol.
Even as he thought that maybe he should hit the hay instead of the workbench when they got home, a great yawn wrenched its way out of his mouth.
Sam gave him an arch look. “So we could sneak into his room and catch him with the disguise down?”
Nia followed her mother in. Howard waited in the doorway, in the hall where it wasn't quite so freezing cold. It wasn't so bad with the coat on-- she was still cold, but not uncomfortable.
“I think he's Inside,” said Nancy. “You looked traumatized, so I thought I’d rescue you.”
Tony was marrying Natasha. At some moments it felt as though Steve had made his peace with that fact, and at others it still struck him like a blow to the gut. His heart wanted the man he loved for himself, not to be shared with
Nia had nodded, and clasped her hands between her knees anxiously as she realized it was going to be that kind of talk.
“I love you,” Steve said solemnly, saying the words like he would say a vow. His hands came up and wrapped themselves around the one Tony had resting upon his own knee. “Tony, I do. I love you.”
She glared up at him for one moment before she punched him in the crotch. “Remember me with
, now, as if going to a new place would give her a new chance. The Northeastern Territories were far-- twelve hours on a plane-- and she’d only seen them in books, and on television. She wouldn’t see anyone she knew-- except for some of the people Howard worked with. Sure, people would know
The Peace Officer looked thoughtfully at her. “Look,” she said. “I probably would have done the same thing in your shoes. They’re assholes, all of them, and you don’t seem like the spoiled brat they make you out to be.”
When he reopens the door a brief moment later, wearing jeans and a jacket over a reasonably clean Guns N’ Roses t-shirt, glasses-b-gone contacts in and hair more or less tamed, Steve is still standing obligingly at attention. Tony grins up at him and gestures out into the hallway. “Lead the way, fair damsel.”
Nia had a room on both sides of the line. Every Sunday night, she would walk to the dining room with one parent, hug them goodbye (stiffly, if it was Howard), and watch them walk out the door. Jarvis, Howard’s driver, would wait with her for the other parent to show. Then she would cross the line and live with the other parent for the next week.
Natasha and Clint both blinked at him as they absorbed that information.
fusion? That’s not
Tony held up a dismissive hand. “Monster, beasty, Wolfman, whatever. I don’t care. Do you want some coffee?”
“Well, that’s…” Tony began, wide-eyed. “That’s… that certainly makes things… you
Two weeks later, and she had been about to start at the Academy. Suddenly, with the next step in her education approaching, and not looming somewhere in the distant future, she had started to become nervous about it, her chest tingling with apprehension at odd moments.
The guy he loved—Steve, his Steve—was grinning wider and wider.
“Greetings, Princess Natasha,” Thor called in welcome, striding confidently over to her and bowing to lay a chaste kiss upon her knuckles. He gave Clint a short, curious look and a shallow bow, greeting him by name once introduced but then turning back to Natasha. “It is my great pleasure to make your acquaintance, but you must forgive me, Princess, for my hesitance. Though I am glad you have come to visit my home, I am not quite certain of why you have chosen to do so now, and what other business you bring. You informed my castellan that your concern today was of dire importance.”
“I would not be so certain,” Thor said quietly from the other side of Bucky, thumbing the leather-bound hilt of his warhammer. “My brother is well-known for his trickery.”
,” Steve called in disbelief, falling forwards into a run.
Steve swallowed. “Yes, I mean it.”
“Ew,” Nia said, making a face. “Weird, Mom. What’s he doing here?”
“That is not Tony,” Pepper said firmly into the silence, and for once nobody bothered to contradict her.
Now they had only to wait until night fell.
“I don’t know what expect,” Nia said. “There aren’t going to be fireworks or anything.”
He’s clearly missed something there, but Tony just cocks his head and jams a finger into the middle of Steve’s chest, where it presses against a long necklace. He’s willing to bet a ghastly amount of money he doesn’t actually have that it’s a set of dog tags. “Wait here, soldier.”
The others looked incredulously down at the chain and pendant Thor allowed to spool like liquid gold in his palm.
Clearly he was not dead, and if Loki intended to ensure that anybody stumbling across Tony in this place would not recognize him, the logical conclusion was that his appearance had been altered. However, due to the extraordinary pain of the transformation and the fact that all his limbs and bones and even his
“And Osborn?” Yinsen asked.
“Because you drove me through them,” Howard answered, raising an eyebrow.
“It’s me,” Steve said hoarsely. “We’re here, we’re gonna get you out.”
He’s seen this particular neighbor before, but only ever in passing. Most of Tony’s time in the hall between their apartments is spent scurrying between his door and the building’s front entrance in varying states of panic. Not to mention the fact that the guy keeps horrendous hours—out of the apartment before Tony is conscious, as far as he can tell, and returning either long before or long after Tony does. Tony has only seen him a handful of times, and has always been given a polite smile to nod at as congenially as he can manage.
Judging by the looks he had been given they were both aware of his lie, which was why he was down here, actually scrubbing pots, to prove that he was not a liar.
“They’re just asking for money,” Howard replied. “You can’t give money to all of them; we’d run out of cash, Nia.”
He should have known Tony would not be accommodating. He would not be Tony if he gave in so easily.
Howard looked at her for a long time, but didn’t say anything.
“Listen up, everyone!” Jan called, her voice carrying through the house even before someone turned down the music.
It felt as though Tony’s heart had stopped entirely. The concept did not make sense. It could not make sense. His parents could not be dead. It simply could not be.
“Only if the spell is not maintained by some alternative power source,” Thor corrected him.
“Thanks,” Nia said, feeling shy, but Nancy grinned back at her.
? She didn’t know the first thing about that.
A thick, dark curtain-- a blackout curtain---obscured her view. She couldn’t place it; she certainly didn't recall seeing it from its reverse. She racked her brain, trying to put this room in position in her mental model of the house, trying the remember if those curtains might have draped a window in one of her father's storerooms, when suddenly, with a hitch of her breath, it struck her.
followed by a muffled but heartfelt
It was 6:48 in the morning.
he was a closet cuddler.
As the music began to draw to a close, the lute soon becoming the only instrument singing out in the echoing room, Tony and Natasha reached the shallow platform set up before the throne dais. Lord Fury bowed deeply to his princess as Lord Stane did the same to Tony, ceremonially leaving their duty of care in the hands of the other soon-to-be spouse.
Nia wasn’t sure.
She read about the Last War, about the Nazis, about how the Allies decided that they had to keep such a terrible evil from surfacing again. She read about how, thanks to Captain America, the Allies had captured weapons from the shadow organization called Hydra, how they’d convinced the rest of the world to form the global UNITY state, how UNITY had been structured to include UNITY and its territories, the old Allied nations given privileged status for keeping the Nazis from their reign of terror.
They hugged again, and Nia stood, and made her way across the room. “Oh!” she said, stopping mid-step. “Tell Steve goodbye for me?” she asked. “Tell him I’ll see him when I come back?”
Nancy, groaning, pushed herself up from the patio just as one of the assailants knocked the gun from Yinsen’s hands and shoved him down to the ground.
Swans milled around the meadow and the banks of the enormous lake, and Steve leaped from his horse quickly to start practically accosting each and every one of the swans he saw, searching for signs of intelligence. The others were a little more inclined to believe that was unnecessary, since Tony had clearly recognized Clint the first time around, but did not bother to voice this opinion. Quite a ruckus was kicked up amongst the birds as Steve drew closer and closer to the lake, staring into the beady eyes of as many as he could find.
“Uh, no?” Steve said, voice wavering a little. “I mean, that’s probably not the best idea.”
“What?!” Tony finally managed to yell. “Just—
Steve rolled his eyes a little, and gave Tony a bit of a shake with the huge hands still gripping his shoulders. “Yes, you idiot genius.”
“Please don’t let him hurt me!” Hammer pleaded. “Oh, please, I didn’t—”
She didn’t know if Ty was following; she didn’t look back, just kept her eyes on that unmistakeable patch of copper, so intently that she almost smacked into a person.
It was Clint who slammed through the door a moment later. “Great hall,” he hissed. “Right now, right now,
Steve’s throat had gone dry. He wondered absently if he had isolated the moment at which his final defenses began to crack, surrendering beneath the strain of holding back his love for this man.
She hadn't walked twenty paces when a light flashed in her eyes, a strange man shoved a microphone in her face.
(half-whispered so as not to disturb their neighbors who are, presumably, as dead to the world as they should all be at the absolute ass-crack of dawn on a Saturday), the towel that seems to be making a concerted break for freedom down the guy’s narrow hips, and the tragic lack of caffeine in Tony’s bloodstream.
—got married, and a few weeks later they were officially crowned the monarchs of their respective and joint kingdoms. Steve was in the front row for both ceremonies, naturally, cheering wildly and beaming with pride for his king and his queen. The day after the first wedding, they held a second ceremony – this one small, and quiet, and impossibly sweet. In front of a beaming audience of their friends, Tony said a second set of vows, then refused to let go of Steve’s hands while Steve echoed them back to him through the irrepressible smile on his face.
Sam scrubbed his hands over his face, looking like he wished he did not have to share the deduction he made. “That would explain why Tony was gone for so long. If Loki wanted to make whatever enchantment he was working on permanent, he would have been waiting for Tony to break.”
“Good enough reason to divorce a man as any,” she muttered. She edged her way to the other side of the dome-- it was more of an oblong object, maybe seven feet or so in length, and the other end of it left her far from her starting point. She could guess that the room didn’t go on much further, because there were no more lights blinking back on the right wall past a certain point.
She looked around, over both shoulders. “There aren’t any photographers here, are there?”
neighbor specifically—for all his six-foot-plus Herculean stature—is
“Not without his scepter,” Thor grunted, twisting his brother into an even more uncomfortable-looking position in his arms. “Once we have placed him in the runed shackles he will certainly be unable.”
Steve gaped. “But—but Sir—”
“Fuck,” she whispered, shivering. She shut her eyes. “Okay, Steve. I know this is creepy and weird and I’m sorry it’s not consensual and under
Maria snorted, her eyes twinkling. “We
Steve really had no answer to that. He simply did not know.
She pulled her hand away.
being getting dates and starting conversations with total strangers, with little to copious amounts of actual preparation beforehand. He thinks for a moment about mentioning it, but the idea feels a little sour. Steve’s not someone he just met in a bar. They probably aren’t going to go and have wild ape sex back in either of their apartments once they check off the formality of a date—Tony can feel take-it-slow vibes practically broadcasting from the guy.
“You're asking me to commit adultery with you,” Steve said, pale.
Steve’s jaw screwed tight as he saw Bucky stiffen at his shoulder. “Can he escape?”
“And that you are trained in mathematics.”
And Steve shrugs, looking so nonchalant that Tony just
she wouldn’t say a bad word about were probably eating right that minute.
"I can leave," she had answered, but she had given him a sharp look that she had learned from her mother, the one Maria always wore when she was disappointed.
a monster, for crying out loud! How much more could you want?!
Nia’s eyes stung, and she shook off the feeling that she was going to cry again. “You’re still learning,” she assured her. “You’ve got time.”
Bucky wore his affections upon his sleeve, and to put him in a room with her and another man seeking her hand would be pure foolishness. Steve deflated slightly – because he surely realized that if Bucky could not go, neither of them could, and it would therefore truly be best for them to seek out Amora and Killian. If he insisted on going with Natasha, he would only be leaving Bucky behind, either alone or with Sam, which she knew he could scarcely stand the idea of for fear of what might happen to Bucky.
Steve bristled. “Too good to share a meal with us commoners, Your Highness?” he asked bitterly, feeling filled suddenly with the need to defend Bucky against the high and mighty
The spider puts up a worthy fight, which Tony decides to immediately forget as soon as the deed is done. He twitches once, violently, from his head to his toes, trying to remove the sensation of the monstrous creature making a break for freedom up his arm.
Tony made a nebulous snorting sound. “You're far too pretty to be so foolish.”
“Want a drink?” Tony asked Steve, going onto tiptoe and leaning in so close that his lips brushed the fur around Steve’s deer-like ear. To Tony’s delight, the ear flickered in response and Steve himself shivered slightly.
Instead he found that he had exited the building in which he had been kept, with no locked doors or iron gates to impede him. His boots were soon thudding across grass, soggy and muddy, the early evening air cool against his skin but not enough, not nearly enough to counteract the burning
So it was that Princess Natasha and her loyal guard Clint Barton dressed in their best travel clothing, as was only appropriate for an informal visit such as this, and arrived in the capitol of Asgard. The city was quite stunning, with its golden sandstone buildings and intimidatingly towering spires overhead, like great musical organs. But they moved through it all quickly on their way to the palace, where they immediately requested an audience with Prince Thor, as had been promised to Natasha in her recent letter. They were soon ushered into a room just off the courtyard in the middle of the spectacular palace, and given refreshments to ignore while they waited for the prince to arrive.
She scowled, but before she could even open her mouth to answer, Thor stepped in. “Loki has enchanted another man to possess your appearance. We brought this impostor back the first time we came to this place, and he has been living as you for several weeks.”
But the real reason was that she simply would not believe that Tony was dead, not until she had exhausted all possible efforts to either find him or prove the terrible truth. At almost four months since the accident, she had not yet exhausted those resources, though she was having to start becoming more creative. That was where Clint came in. More specifically, Clint’s heretofore generally unspoken past as a criminal, which put him within numerous unsavory circles able to dole out a wealth of secret knowledge. He agreed freely to tap into those contacts, with the proviso that none of the others could join him in that dangerous (and, in Steve’s case), morally repulsive world.
She took the interruption as an excuse to break eye contact with Ty, to turn and look for the other girl.
“It would be unwise to leave it here,” Thor admitted. “I know not what it might do if touched with bare flesh.”
“May I ask why?” Howard had asked.
The truth was, Steve really had no excuse, and he did not understand it himself. So he seized upon the only other reasoning he had at hand. “You shouldn’t marry him,” he groused, poking mulishly at his pheasant broth.
She took a long swig, then grimaced at the taste. “That’s terrible, Ty,” she said.
Though Tony’s fingers continued to bounce through the whirling song, Steve thought maybe he had seen the look of desperation and hopelessness on his face, because Tony’s own expression fell and he swallowed very quickly and very sharply, dropping his gaze to the keys.
But then a familiar voice shocked her out of her game of celebrity.
“We could simply arrange for the impostor to be… waylaid,” she said sweetly, with what was a very concerning sort of charm even when Steve knew it wasn’t directed at him. “While we sneak Tony into the castle and into the wedding.”
“Tony,” Natasha said in a rather warning tone. “Please sit with us.”
“You want me to believe that you’re Steve,” he demanded, pointing at the guy with an accusatory finger. “The giant poofy monster who I found under my bed and who makes me drink disgusting green protein shakes after forcing me to do a workout every day? That Steve?”
Steve continued to fume until he fell asleep, then the next day he awakened, dressed, and went down to breakfast in the servant’s kitchen with Bucky, fuming still. He could not help thinking about the banquet hall upstairs, where Natasha and the famous
"Not half," Maria answered. "Nia, what's Planck's Constant?"
… Oh. What, really? Tony’s mouth dropped open before he snapped it shut. His eyes went so wide they stung a little, flying over Steve’s face in search of any sign of a lie.
“It could very well be,” Thor agreed solemnly, and Clint swore viciously and turned to look at Sam as the other man retook his seat. “This is madness. Is this not madness?”
She’d wished they hadn’t tried to make them the same. They had felt false; for one, the sunlight came through the windows at a different angle, at a different time of day. It had felt as if she were on a movie set of her own bedroom-- an attempt at a faithful recreation that hadn’t quite hit the mark.
“Is this a feminism talk?” Nia had asked, squinting at her mother.
“Are you certain?” Sam asked carefully. “It doesn't look all that necessary from where I'm standing.”
, eyes up top, Stark.
Tony no longer wanted him?
Natasha was simple – they would be married, they would produce at least one heir, and hope that the child looked sufficiently like Tony that they would never have an issue with nosy and traitorous would-be usurpers. He loved her, and she loved him, and that would be that. It was not at all unheard-of for married people to take extramarital lovers, not even for royalty. Perhaps especially for royalty. He and Natasha were definitely the exception for royal marriages, since not only did they already knew each other, but they already liked each other greatly.
When his reading well and his faith had begun to run dry, Tony had started to explore his prison. He had, through agonizing weeks of trial and error, determined the boundaries of the castle grounds – whenever he stepped over them during the night, the pain came rushing in and he would be transformed into a bird no matter what time of day it was. He would not then transform back until the following evening. If he crossed during the day, the pain would come but with no accompanying transformation; this pain was soothed only by retreating to the lake and staying there for however many hours it took for the ache to recede once more.
He had nowhere to go.
“Hello, boys,” Natasha greeted.
"You might as well stay," Howard had said, dismissively, but Nia had known the dismissiveness was put-on, a reaction to her impersonation of her mother.
He shrugged at Natasha and returned to kicking his feet in the water.
“Thank you, Jan!” Tony shouted, waving his hand with a flourish. “Now we must bid you adieu. I’m afraid my beast is the shy kind!”
. Oh, how Tony hated magic. It was rumored, fabled, even, that some Asgardians possessed extraordinary abilities in the magical arts, which was one of the foremost reasons the rest of the nine realms tended to do all they could to avoid the entire kingdom and all its denizens.
Obadiah grinned. “Always liked you better when you weren’t talking. But here it is – you’re finally of use to me. Even your dear
“Stark,” called the Dean. “Antonia Margaret Cerrera-Stark.”
“You—” Tony gasped out. “You stubborn,
She tried to dig her elbow into his side surreptitiously, suddenly regretting the blue dress. “What are you doing here?” she asked, trying to sound casual, not as if she were interrogating him.
There were rarely surprises. Occasionally there was a student assigned to a skill they'd learned through an extracurricular hobby or simple proclivity and not a study-- she looked up as they announced Hogan, Harold, security, and watched the smile on the face of the large, deliberately careful, kind boy who had settled more than his fair share of campus fights over the years.
He did not understand where he was running until he all but tripped over a thick growth of cattails, and stumbled blindly through them into an icy body of water.
Nia froze. She couldn't breathe; it felt like her ribcage was contracting. When she tried to speak, all she did was sputter wordlessly.
“And once you're certain it's magic,” Clint finished off. “It's simply a matter of narrowing down magic users strong enough to create such a blast, and cross off all the ones with a good alibi.”
“Oh, so this is a family thing, now?” Nia asked sullenly. “Not showing up to things we’ve promised to be at?”
“Next time, call us first?” said the Peace Officer. “Legally, they can take your photo, but if they’re
His mood soured instantly.
Howard cleared his throat a few times; Nia assumed that meant he wanted to prod her into speaking, or wanted Maria to speak, but neither of them did.
“Well, at first you were too young,” Howard answered. “And then I was a shitty father. I didn’t want to saddle you with my ghosts.”
“Mr. Stone, is there any truth to the rumor that you and Miss Stark are engaged to be married?”
His entire body went cold, then hot again in a great wave. He felt his face flush. “You're taking his side?”
She wasn’t sure how much time had lapsed when she woke, and it took her a moment to make sense of where she was, sitting up too fast so her face got scratched by the branches of the bush she was sleeping in. It was still dark, and she thanked all the deities she didn’t technically believe in that she hadn’t slept all night in the dirt.
The line ahead of her dwindled. She tried to breathe in patterns, she breathed out the Fibonacci series, one breath, then two breaths, then three, five, eight.
faces for you, you know that, right?”
“A swan,” she corrected crossly, pointing at the dark blotch at the top of its bill.
He was glad that Natasha had friends, but he didn’t like at all that they were supposed to replace him. What if she didn’t need him anymore?
Jim got his Air Force assignment, just as everyone expected, and he blew a kiss at Carol, who had thrown both hands up in the air and whooped amidst all the polite applause.
The minute she stepped out of the elevator, she regretted the dress.
. This response is
Her attempt to reply turned into a squeak.
He didn’t need anyone.
a stranger to Tony, produced much the same reaction as the others, and thus Thor had taken to keeping a secure distance out of deference to Tony’s unease. Eventually, Thor left their party entirely and pulled on ahead of them with Loki tethered to his saddle, whining heartily as they trekked back towards Kingstown at speed.
“We suspected,” Pepper said, giving him a quelling look. “Surely you also knew something was amiss.”
Tony simply held out his arms around Natasha, at which Bucky shrugged but gamely strode forward to hug Tony around Natasha’s body. She grumbled but did not seem displeased with the arrangement.
When Nia was twelve, when everyone still called her Annie, her parents had split up.
Lying limply on the ground at Sam’s knees, Bucky’s entire arm was mutilated from his shoulder down past his elbow. Steve could not even tell what remained of his hand. It must have been caught in the carriage, or perhaps on a branch as he flew from the carriage in its violent fall. Steve thought he saw bone showing in some places, and he could hardly continue to look – revulsion clogging his throat and almost stilling his heart.
“It’s what’s keeping me upright,” Tony joked, not sure how much the others had told him and not willing to waste time explaining everything right now. “I hope you brought a change of clothes,” he said, shaking Obadiah’s hand away and looking around the small, dim storeroom. “I doubt Lady Hill would allow me to live very long if I tried to marry her princess wearing this.”
The transformation had been obscured by water and the strange glow of the curse the first time they had seen it. They had been spared the sight of Tony’s bones cracking and splintering, rearranging themselves by dislocating and shifting beneath skin that took on a gruesome texture, as the feathers were slowly subsumed back into it. The change was mercifully quick, and soon Tony lay before them in his real body, breathing shallowly and not opening his eyes. His beard was as messy and unkempt as Steve remembered from the lake, and he took an odd sort of comfort in it. His hair was as long and ratty as it had been when they found him, and Steve began to run his fingers through it, trying to tease out the tangles for want of anything else to do as the transformation seemed to wind down.
of information to take in so early on a Saturday.
Yinsen’s blood was going to be used to power a far more potent spell, Loki had snarled, seeming torn between fury and glee. Tony was reeling on the grass from the pain of the blow to the face he’d been dealt by Loki’s omnipresent scepter, stunned and dazed and barely able to process the body lying upon the ground beside him.
"Good, good," he said. "Pulse is a little lower than I'd like, but that's to be expected. Doctor Yinsen, if you would be so kind as to assist?"
Eventually they broke apart, partly at the doctor’s insistence that Tony, at least, get inside and get warm. Steve insisted on carrying Tony back up to the castle, and would not hear another word about it. So he carried Tony bridal-style through the side entrance, and Bucky swept Natasha up into his arm (trusting her to keep a good grip because he was a little short-handed), and he carried her over the threshold too before setting her down and punching Clint in the shoulder for the ‘short-handed’ comment.
“This was the first building in the area commissioned by the UNITY government after the accords,” the young woman said. “The government claimed all lands previously owned by war criminals to be used for UNITY service.”
you do this?”
“Take him out,” one of the attackers whispered to the other.
And she’d gotten older, and watched as her father invented weapons that let UNITY hunt out dissidents, the last traces of Hydra, hiding in caves, or the groups that had appeared since the Last War, dissidents like the Ten Rings and the January Rebels, who opposed the global government...and then watched Maria, never far behind, risking her life to save people who wanted her dead, practicing medicine in places that barely had running water, building prosthetic limbs and organs where Howard built bombs and guns. They were both inventors, each one of the greatest minds of their age, but Howard’s inventions visited destruction wherever he went, in the name of maintaining order, and Maria’s inventions healed, mended, mitigated all the chaos that was an ironic byproduct of Howard’s way of keeping order.
“Goodnight, Steve,” Tony said quickly.
Every night, Tony returned to his human body. But every morning, as soon as the sun rose over the horizon, he turned back into a swan. The change was indeed painful every time, though the pure, incandescent, unbearable agony of the first time had not yet repeated itself. It had not escaped Tony’s notice that the change was significantly less intense when he was closer to the lake, and he did his best to be on the water when the sun set each day.
Yinsen smiled. “The last time I saw you, you were…”  He held a hand out, at waist-height. “Smaller than that. I always forget, you’re nearly the same age as my granddaughter.”
“It’s okay,” he said. “I’m with you, Nee. I’ll be right behind you.”
“Steve died trying to protect the world from the same weapons I used against it,” Howard said, wistfully. “You would think the least I could do is save him.”
“You two are more similar than you think,” she said to herself, as she opened up her notebook and looked at the blueprints next to her sketch. She tapped a finger absently over her ink drawing of Steve’s face, and then closed the book again, taking the reactor designs into the bathroom.
.”  She tugged at her own hair a little too hard. “Ow.”
With a sinking feeling, Tony realized that the magic-wielder was probably more than capable of doing so.
Then Tony glanced briefly in his direction, and the embers caught fire, and Steve remembered.
The light on the lock blinked red twice, then green twice: the signal that it was disarmed properly.
The situation may have been more manageable if it weren’t for one critical detail. Which was the fact that Tony was not respecting Steve’s unspoken plea to pretend as if their affliction did not exist. For as much as Steve found himself staring at Tony, watching him speak and gesticulate cheerfully, listening to his voice and ideas, seeing him kissing Natasha affectionately upon the knuckles and forehead, shoving playfully at Bucky and Clint, arguing joyously with Sam, or even just sitting around lackadaisically and scribbling in his notebooks – for all of the time Steve was looking over at Tony, Tony was looking back at him.
It was impossible not to notice Steve’s absence, which Natasha ended up addressing when Bucky started scowling at the empty space beside her.
“I don’t want to see him
“He's a clever boy, my Tony,” Pepper agreed.
The story changed. Sometimes Loki told him that Bucky had been killed in the attack. After those days, Tony could hardly sleep for the pain in his heart. Other times, Bucky had survived the initial attack, but had not yet woken up. Sometimes he had woken up but with no memory of who he was. Sometimes he had lost an arm, sometimes a leg, sometimes two. Even knowing that Loki was playing obvious, vindictive games with him did not make it easier to bear. Tony dreamed of Bucky, his dear friend of so many years: mutilated somehow, blaming Tony for being weak and needing his protection in the first place.
Part of that, however, was because after Clint’s final words had hung in the air for a little while (and Steve started to breathe again), Natasha and the others had demanded an explanation for the bizarre question. Clint appraised them of his highly embarrassing run-in with a tenacious swan on his way out of the castle, which made Sam frown at him.
“Don’t, uh,” he said awkwardly. “Don’t be afraid. Please.”
“My safety?” Nia asked, incredulously. “What’s threatening my safety this time?”
Steve puffs up. “That spider was a man-eater, and you know it. Besides…”
Princess Natasha came to a halt before the prince and peered up at him studiously, assessing.
unleashing another weapon like that on human beings.”
Nia sat in front of the mirror in her bedroom, fully dressed, hands on her knees, her heart thrumming in her chest like wingbeats. She tapped her foot nervously, looking herself over.
Natasha nodded. They'd had no word of Tony having been taken through any port in her kingdom, no matter how small – which did not rule out sea travel entirely, but suggested that he was still within her borders. With Fury’s extensive fortifications and guards, a land escape was even less likely. She nodded again, turning to her host. “If I may, Prince Thor, I must send a missive to my ship. We have friends with us here in Asgard seeking information they need seek no longer.”
To Tony’s surprise, he found that more and more as the summer went on, Bucky tended to join him in leaving Steve and Sharon to it; clearly a better person than either Steve or Tony and willing to let bygones be bygones. So as Natasha and Pepper sauntered off to cause some sort of subtle and no-doubt terrible mischief elsewhere, Tony, Rhodey, and their new addition of Bucky kept themselves amused around the castle. Bucky had daily duties as a page, but ended up spending most of his free time with the other two boys in Steve’s notable absence.
Another shaking
, traitor. I don't know what you want from me, but I promise you this—” He gasped in a deep breath as best he could. “—I will never agree of my own free will. That will
And waited.
Steve breathed in deeply, and cautioned himself not to give up hope. Not to give up on Tony. As soon as he did that… the man he loved would truly be lost to him.
Bucky smirked. “With a few close calls.”
“He doesn’t have the amulet,” Bucky pointed out grimly. “Which means he’s transformed and probably in a lot of pain – didn’t he say the water was the only thing that helped with the pain?”
Nia followed Howard into his hotel room, which was like a mirror image of her hotel room, almost identical, but flip-flopped, with the bed and the bathroom on opposite walls. Howard sat down on the edge of the foot of his bed, and rubbed his hand over his forehead, sighing helplessly.
were making out on the beach. All you needed to do was say ‘I want to suck your face off in the woods, wanna come?’ and I would have been like, sure, let me hydrate so I have some spit first.”
Howard shrugged. “Osborn’s not here; we don’t have to consider his opinions.”
“I'm afraid that's true, Your Highness,” Natasha replied grimly. “Though I intended to meet with you nonetheless after the pleasing offer you sent in suit, I have found myself in need of information the likes of which only you can give me and, if you don't mind me saying so, I can't imagine you will be eager to part with it.”
had known about this, if they had all let her get up there and make a fool of herself.
Now the guy was definitely grinning. “Actually, the spell would only be broken if someone told me they loved me and
“Happy?” Steve snapped, slamming down his spoon.
It was the only time he ever showed affection. But she knew that he spent his nights alone.
Sam was muttering something Steve could not make out, but he could guess none of it was terribly flattering. “We decided to let you handle this, Steve,” he finally blurted. “Let you take this at your own pace. But this has gone far enough. You
They stared each other down, but Steve supposed he at least owed it to Bucky to help keep Tony as far away from Natasha as they could, so he relented cheerlessly.
“Hmm?” he asked.
. The knowledge, something she had never been quite sure of, made her eyes well up with tears, and her throat tightened.
Steve’s stomach clenched, but he refused to be afraid and nodded determinedly, returning Tony’s gaze. It was Tony who dragged his eyes away after a long moment, looking down at his lap, then bringing up a hand and pressing it forcefully against his own chest.
“Well,” the traitor smirked. “If it isn’t Anthony’s knight in shining armor.” He glanced briefly at Bucky. “And the half-knight.”
