Straw hat =
“I think that’s enough sparring for one day.” He haphazardly tossed his
Bamboo practise sword =
John's eyes widened at the remark before his expression descended into rage once more. He knew he was being goaded, but he rose to it anyway. "Bastard!" And with that, he charged forwards.
home, falling asleep and leaning on Sherlock’s shoul-
had been discarded on its side with the blonde’s body tangled in his bedsheets. Sherlock sighed as he lifted up the bucket of water. He didn’t hesitate to throw its contents onto the sleeping man below.
“Drink.” Sherlock commanded. The blonde blinked in confusion at him, glancing nervously back at the cup of tea. The dark haired man let out a frustrated sigh. “Anytime, John.” That snapped the smaller man out of his confusion.
Feast =
A dangerous look descended upon the shorter man’s face. He felt compelled to throttle the other man, but settled for clenching his bandaged hand a little too hard, the pain distracting him from his rage. However his anger was soon replaced with fear upon hearing Sherlock’s next words.
Sherlock pushed the plate towards him, “Eat.”
“No no no no! It’s like this.” Then without hesitation, he stood behind the smaller man, pressing his body against his and took his wrists in his hands. “Ok now one, two, three, four…” John sighed again, allowing his limbs to be as limber as possible. He felt like a human-sized puppet, but at this point he had grown used to the constant physical contact from his teacher. He didn’t even flinch anymore when the other man would touch him without warning. In fact, he had begun to find some comfort in his touch. His mind began to wander as he enjoyed the relaxing sensation of being manhandled; his worries seeping away from him for a brief moment. Ever so slightly, he leant his head backwards so that it was close to resting against Sherlock’s chest. “Good. Much better.” The other man murmured into his ear, “Whatever it is you’re thinking about, keep thinking about it.”
Also I doodled some art for this fic which you can find
John happily munched away at his hearty bowl of ramen, taking pleasure in the large quantities of food he had been supplied with ever since he began his training. It certainly made a nice change from the scraps the servants were forced to divide amongst themsevles back at the House. A pang of concern flashed inside him however – his associate was doing his usual of smoking-instead-of-eating routine. John wanted to pressure him into eating at least something, but he knew his words would be met with some kind of arrogant snipe so he resigned himself to slurping down his noodles.
Geisha house =
Robe =
“Need I remind you who is in charge here?” Mycroft interjected.
The other man in question was sat facing the opposite direction onto the street, puffing away on his
was worn round the edges and littered with various stains. His
Translation:
Paper walls =
The taller man followed the blonde’s line of sight, gazing over the rooftops of the city. “I see, John.” The smaller of the two turned to give him a look. He continued, “Rather I observe. I know things about people they don’t know about themselves or will possibly ever know.” His voice was distant, almost reflective. He turned to meet John’s eyes. For a moment, they held each other's gaze.
Floor (also used for basic beds) =
, his brain offered. But his mouth went with "What's the occasion then?" instead.
Three string instrument played by geisha =
were thrown open as light was cast in all directions from multiple hand held
Parasol =
Sherlock painfully yanked John’s cock in the direction of his face and held it there. The blonde looked down from his nose at himself; each second feeling all the more crushed from the awkward position the other man had placed him in. He cautiously looked up at Sherlock, as if expecting some sort of command. He was presented with exactly that, “Spit.”, he barked.
John placed the bamboo stick against the wall. He’d just finished scrubbing his own blood off it, having attempted to clean blood off himself too. He had struggled to reach to the welts on his spine, awkwardly trying to bend his arm back in an effort to dab at them with a damp cloth. He sighed from exhaustion and allowed himself to sink to the floor, wanting to catch a brief moment to himself before heading back to continue with his chores. The washroom was warm, with steam dancing about the ceiling. John briefly let his eyes drift shut to revel in the newly found solitude before snapping them open and leaping to his feet. Lestrade had practically throw the
This time, it was John's turn to make a rude noise at Sherlock. "And a
Sliding doors =
“Sister”, he replied hoarsely. He cleared his throat as his lifted his head to meet the other man’s gaze. “Not brother”, he clarified. Sherlock reacted to his words with a pained expression.
"P-pervert!" Sherlock snapped his head round to meet John's eyes. The blonde would've leapt from the piercing stare he had received, were it not for the drug that was still coursing through his veins.
Thirteen/Seventeen string instrument played by geisha =
Sherlock grabbed John's aching erection through the cotton of his still damp boxers, smirking at the mess he'd made. "Did I scare you?", he prodded mockingly.
"You are no
Fan =
John blinked, remembering what had been asked of him. “Y-yes, Sherlock.” He quickly spun round and made for his escape.
Robe =
Sherlock let out a low chuckle, ignoring John’s defensive stance. He crossed to the side of the room to stop in front of a large straw basket, undoing his
The blonde fluttered his eyelashes at him innocently. Sherlock sighed. “More?”
“All of it.” Sherlock’s voice sounded somewhat dark, if not threatening.
Translation:
Geisha robe =
Robe =
Geisha pillow =
Mycroft let out a mildly exasperated sigh, "Well how are you, is usually good place to start, is it not? Brother, I have not seen you in years, let alone heard from you. Did you not receive my letters?"
Mycroft turned his attention to his brother. “Can you do it?”
Feast =
Now that his
John sat for a moment longer, staring at the dark figure beside him before pushing himself up to head back inside.
Fan =
Demon =
to the garden: it was Sherlock. A pure sensation of relief poured through the blonde’s body with a small part of him wanting to touch the other man so as to reassure himself that he was definitely there, safe and sound, and in one piece. He just about registered the inquisitive look on the taller man’s face as he pushed himself off of the door frame to cross to his room next door via the porch.
Geisha robe =
The colour drained from the blonde man’s face. “Wh-what? I’ve been poisoned?!”
Bamboo practise sword =
John’s prior annoyance crumbled; instead feeling a sense of awkward gratitude. “Th-thank you…”, he blushed, grabbing the
Pipe =
to the outside open; at least John had something nice to stare at in his boredom. But then something did catch his eye: a small group of beautiful
Straw hat =
Feast =
He didn’t remember arriving at the House, let alone making his way to his bed. John furrowed his brow in confusion, reaching his hands up to his chest to feel at the material of his clothes. He could feel that was no longer wearing his silk
Demon =
“You’re the girl from earlier.” It was clear he was talking to Molly, despite the fact that his eyes were burning a hole in the back of John’s head. Molly nodded anyway, her face pale as she began tremble all over. Sherlock finally turned to look at her, struggling to break his gaze from the man at the other end of the room. “And I suppose those are for me?” He gestured at the
Parasol =
Tea house =
Socks =
parasol, opening it with a twirl and placed it over his shoulder. Quirking an eyebrow at his brother, he continued, “You know I have a reputation to maintain.”
Tea house =
to notice their exchange. Sherlock wordlessly handed him a
Belt =
Robe =
A hand was placed gingerly on his shoulder. The blonde looked up to meet the other man's attempt at a comforting smile. "And then we find your sister."
“No stop wait!”, John rushed, the blush on his face growing more by the minute. The very thought of spitting on his own erection in front of the man he had wanted for so long only served to cause his cheeks to become more red. Nevertheless, he strained his neck forwards as much as he possibly could, gathering as much saliva in his mouth as he could muster. However he faltered when he made the mistake of chancing a glimpse at the other man’s face, to which he was met with an expression of both wonder and lust. He must’ve visibly hesitated as Sherlock sulkily huffed when their eyes made contact. “For goodness sake John, am I going to have to make you spit for me?” His fingers were then immediately pressed on either side of John’s cheeks, forcing his lips into an awkward shape. The smell of his own musk on Sherlock’s fingers made him crinkle his nose and squeeze his eyes shut in embarrassment. He attempted to shake his head loose of Sherlock’s hold, but the detective was having none of it. That was until a long thick line of drool fell from John’s contorted lips and pooled his chest.
The dark haired man opened his mouth with the intention of revealing all, keen to impress the other man with a cascade of fast paced words to form his brilliant explanation. But John wasn’t interested in the why, he was interested in the:
“Giving you a hand?”
“Sherlock, darling! What a wonderful surprise.” The woman strode towards Sherlock, her arms thrown open to give him a good squeeze for a greeting. When she pulled away to address him again, she kept her face close to that of his, her hands resting on his shoulders.
Pipe =
of the wall.
Heads up, folks: I've added dark!Sherlock as an additional tag to this fic as things are going to start to become tad sinister. Expect more non-con, drugging, unhealthy relationships and possibly even darker themes to come
Molly frowned, “Well you better think of something. This sort of
“You’re more predictable than you think, John. Of course you’d be on the roof.”
The air was tense. Lestrade loomed over John, readying the bamboo in his hands. “You ready, Watson?” Without turning to look at him, John gave Lestrade a quick sharp nod, screwing his eyes shut. Lestrade slowly lifted the stick above his head then brought it shooting downwards to strike across John’s exposed back. John cried out, but held his stance, fisting his sore hands into the stone underneath. Lestrade repeated the action again and again, every onlooker wincing in fear. Three more strikes later and Lestrade was done. John was on his elbows at this point, large tender welts blossoming across his back. John shook in pain as Lestrade panted from the exertion. Mother always insisted that disciplining the servants was of upmost importance and must be severe in its nature. Lestrade dropped the stick, causing it to create a loud clang as it hit the cobbled floor. Every servant who had been watching jumped at the sound and spun back round to busy themselves with their chores. Lestrade straightened out his
next door slide shut, John let out a loud sigh. Realising that his already calloused hand had been accidentally cut open with the razor, he cursed under his breath. Grabbing a nearby roll of bandages, he wrapped them around his bleeding palm. Tossing the blood stained razor aside, he quickly found another and made for the corridor. He was just about to leave when he noticed Molly was half slumped against the wall, as if struggling to hold herself upright. Worry shot through John as he crossed over to her, “Molly, are you alright?” He placed a reassuring hand on her arm, causing her to instinctively flinch away. John frowned.
Geisha robe =
, you'll help me find my sister?"
"The Soho case. Sherlock went out last night. Said you had a lead for him."
“Oi! Watch where you’re bloody going!” Roared the rotund man behind the bar, but the figure continued to fumble wordlessly. Had it not been for the shock, John would’ve grabbed the intruder, but by the time he had registered the situation, Sherlock had thrown the figure off of him who then haphazardly turned to sprint away into the crowd.
“I did.” The other man’s voice was neutral.
Paper lantern =
As he opened his mouth with the intention of hurling a cascade of obscenities at his arrogant flatmate, his thighs were suddenly forced upward, his calves balanced on either side of Sherlock’s shoulders, with his body forcibly dragged towards the detective so that his entrance met with the bulge in his trousers. John yelped in response, scrambling at the counter so as not to lose his balance. The back of his head was pressing uncomfortably against the cupboard as he was contorted under Sherlock’s harsh grip. He hissed through gritted teeth as the taller man dug his nails into the underside of John’s thighs, sending a shiver through the entirety of his body. John’s breaths became pants as he attempted to adjust himself on his elbows, beads of sweat appearing on his brow. He glanced up at his flatmate only to realise that he had been eyeing up John’s cock this entire time. His erection was throbbing at this point, aching to be touched and leaking pre-cum onto his own shirt-clad belly. The detective let out a small yet dark chuckle, “You’re rather the messy one, aren’t you?” But before the doctor had time enough to blink, Sherlock’s hand darted out to roughly squeeze at the base of John’s dick, eliciting a surprised shout in response. The dark haired man began working his hand up and down John’s shaft, ignoring the tender wet tip. The iron-like grip and lack of lubrication caused him to shift uncomfortably, a small whine emanating from his parted lips.
— What?
― You help someone to put a price in me! ― I cross my arms in my chest ― Just because I help your wife to realize the garbage you are, and you know, asshole? That doesn't change the fact that you are a disgusting traitor!
— Lestrade — he says, putting the phone back to his ear — Somebody took my brother Mycroft.
— Good... — he follows my eyes, twitching his skinny body, as heavy as a feather, I feel he is going to test me and that calms my heart, finally I'm on my comfort zone — You are Mycroft Holmes's niece, right? — his eyes come to mine, dark and profound eyes, his smile wasn't reaching them. My rise my eyebrows, what should I answer? He doesn't permit me to, shaking his head. I notice a small talk behind me, they've recognised the name. What kind of children knew my uncle? What kind of place was that? — Yes... You really look like Theres, you know? — he ignores my wide eyes trying to understand. He was far too younger than my uncle, didn't look like someone of my family would keep a relationship. He knew my mother — Miss Holmes... — a small laugh goes through my name as he say it — Tell your colleagues witch one is the kind of reaction you have on the board.
— How do you know my uncle Mycroft? How did you knew my mom? I remember you on our guessing room, you were friends. But how? Why did that over? I don't remember you on her funeral.
Alright, alright, alright. Hi, those who read this. This will be a really violent chapter, it contains torture and rape parts, so if you don't want to read all the violence of my sick mind look for the "!!!!!" Isolated and stop reading there, only come back on the next "!!!!!". Thank you.
It disarms her, leaving her with a silly expression, then she smiles, politely, turning her attention to other, surely way more important than us, thing on the floor. This makes James face me, hopeful, grateful. The twins smile at me, ignoring Sabrina's reaction, they're over protective side towards James showing, shameless.
John takes the cellphone of the ear, looking at the screen with a playful smile. Uncle Myke turned off I'm his face, as usual, actually.
Sherlock's phone rings, making the two man step away. John appreciate the red on the other's face and the blue eyes avoiding contact. His own heart is racing, probably because of the sad history. Thinking through it might even be because of the hug, how many times did they even hugged? The sensation of the curly hair stay on his hand and it's smell goes up and down with his breathing. The curly hair and smell of his friend.
- That's amazing! - I hear myself saying.
— My uncle is not an... Ordinary man — She responds, very seriously, choosing the words carefully, biting the corner of her lip, holding back a certain smile. John can see how she is alike Sherlock, putting things together, having fun with it — He shows a lot without realising it, when I moved to his house I didn't notice the little things and all I saw was the Ice Man, but as time goes and he ends up showing himself — She looks at the door — Inspector Lestrade, although, is very open, even with what he does not know yet. He did not notice, or think he noticed other than what it is, and my uncle noticed, but he wanted to forget. They are strange men.
— I was a young and well prepared soldier, climbing fast, and MI6 found me. I woke up one day and this strange well dress man and his umbrella were on my living room — he don't take his dark eyes from me, not even for a moment, locking me up in his look — He introduce me in missions, we grow closer, closer enough to me be able to become friends with you mother, for long enough to see him climb to what he is today, and enough to watch your birth. Theres was an amazing woman, you know that right — I shake my head, it was my only certain in live, actually — My turn. How is Sherlock? He was your Godfather, I hear he was working as a detective, but how is he?
— I've already asked to call me John, even though I think Mycroft has quarreled with you for it — She makes a funny face as shakes the head, half agreeing, half laughing — I Have a sister, but we do not talk much. We're not the same kind of person, you know? — She smiles a little, maybe she was the best person to understand — Was your mother younger or older than Sherlock?
He barely lets the soldier argument against and grabs him by the arm pulling the smaller. John, while permit himself being pulled, still does not quite understand the reaction the girl had, because he would be afraid of Sherlock, even if he always acted cold with her, he would never hurt her, it is not something Sherlock does. He stares at the tall man in front of him, silent questions Sherlock simply ignores.
Gregory didn't expected the man to return the hug, and when two trembling hands grasp his waist lightly, he makes no comment or movement, the less ashamed Mycroft gets, better, perhaps will help him relax. Gregory hold strong, without getting the "male beats" on the other's back, Mycroft Holmes could be a giant, but it seemed wrong to hit him, even if caring.
He has three men behind him, set on the back of the car, and his guitar case on the sit next to him, he wasn't going to use what was inside there, but the Tiger can't deny that it makes him more calm. Wanting or not that girl was smarter then they expected from the beginning, and failing wasn't a real option, James would be furious, she was important for the conclusion of The Fall.
escaped from Sherlock at the remark, leaning his
Translation:
This time the detective finally broke his staring match with the floorboards under his boots. "Hm?"
One night however was slightly different to the others.
Socks =
John fumbled with his sleeve, trying to get his brain to focus. He’d been rendered completely shell-shocked.
went over a sizeable bump in the road, causing them both to jolt somewhat. But the blonde was thick with exhaustion, barely able to blink himself awake. He felt rather cozy snuggled up to the body that was sat next to him, allowing himself to be lulled back to sleep when a gentle voice shushed him soothingly. He just about noticed that there was a hand placed over his as his eyes fluttered shut.
That was until John suddenly shook his head, “No…”
Pipe =
“So good to see you. How long has it been?”
"Gladly", John snorted, as he struggled to pull himself up from off the floor. Sherlock extended a hand, which he accepted gratefully.
, he pondered. Just as the thought had entered his mind, Sherlock turned to focus his gaze on him, almost as if he’d heard John thinking. Again, the blonde felt uncomfortable with the sudden attention, conjuring everything he could not to wriggle under the other man’s intense stare. A small smile formed on Sherlock’s lips, “Did you brew this yourself?”
Geisha house =
Paper lantern =
He blinked, remembering his purpose. Straightening his posture, he forcibly looked at the other man as he addressed him. “Tell me?”
And with that, John’s focus renewed. Throwing his eyelids open, he cast his arms outwards, whipping out the ornate
Geisha robe =
would need to know the art of the sword because...?" Then suddenly the dark haired man was in front of him in a flash. The blonde lifted his
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock’s voice continued. John tried to pinpoint the exact location of the voice when he felt the rickshaw bounce somewhat. His teacher had jumped out of the carriage to spin around to John’s side of the vehicle with lightning speed. Offering his arms forward, he smiled softly, “I’ve got you.”
"What makes you think I would be the daddy"?
Two-pronged sandals =
They spent the rest of the ride home in silence.
Parasol =
before turning to his companion. “We should go before more imbeciles turn up.” He began making his way down the narrow street with the expectation that the blonde would obediently follow, but John remained exactly where he was.
Paper lantern =
"If you keep this up then Mother will surely be rid of you", she whispered, squeezing her fragile frame through the
before taking a slow drag of his pipe. The blonde watched anxiously as the other man exhaled. “We’ll need to work on your manners then.” He concluded, waving over another plate of
Floor (also used for basic beds) =
John let out a small yawn as he softly flopped down the stairs from his room. It was late, maybe two or three in the morning? He wasn't sure. He was still half asleep and needing to piss. However he faltered when the smell of cigarette smoke reached his nose, which he wrinkled in response. Attempting to blink himself awake, he made for the living room where he found Sherlock slumped in his armchair. His leather jacket and flat cap had been left discarded carelessly on the floor beside him, revealing the almost skin tight white cotton t-shirt underneath. John gulped, leaning awkwardly against the door frame of the entrance to the room. They both remained perfectly still for nearly a minute, the blonde haired man watching the brunette expectantly. Sherlock's eyes were hooded and fixed on the floor in front of him, as if his mind were elsewhere.
Robe =
Geisha pillow =
The silver haired man shot an incredulous look at Mycroft only to be met with a pair of raised eyebrows. Lestrade let out a frustrated sigh, standing aside to let the two behind him step forwards. "Donovan and Anderson."
“How did you know all that? About me, my past, my…”, John broke off, unable to finish his sentence.
Pipe =
with tobacco. The smaller of the two fiddled with the three plectrum in his hands, staring uselessly at the sheet music his teacher had placed in front of him. John didn’t even know how to read music let alone play. He considered plucking at least one of the many strings when Sherlock rose and made his way over. The blonde gulped at the sudden movement and lack of communication. He was unable to read the blank expression on the other man’s face, let alone manage to catch his eye. He blinked in confusion when the dark haired man walked right past him in favour of standing behind his apprentice. A moment passed before John began to squirm awkwardly.
“The pleasure was all mine.” She purred and just as she threw a quick wink at Sherlock, a man had pulled up a
Fan =
Three string instrument played by geisha =
Socks =
Fan =
Geisha sandals =
Feast =
Tea house =
Socks =
A heavy pregnant pause had descended soon after Sherlock’s departure. The two blondes remained exactly where they were, avoiding each other’s eyes to squirm uncomfortably. Both of them were sporting an impressive shade of crimson on their cheeks.
Belt =
"I'm sorry, John." He near whispered, thumbing the sweat off of the smaller man's brow. "Just try to get some rest. I'll be right here."
The taller man realigned his eyes with John’s now smiling face. The blonde shook his head at the floor in disbelief, chuckling to himself, more in surprise than amusement. Sherlock frowned as he asked, “Did I get it all right?”
But John’s fear and doubt were both suddenly erased when the memory of Sherlock’s face came into focus in his mind. He thought of the way the taller man would look at him with such adoration and pride, the way in which he would purposefully, but discreetly brush his fingers against those of his own, the way he cared for and nurtured him with such patience. And then that look of lust in those silvery blue orbs – they felt like both a wonderful dream and a twisted nightmare.
“Oh do come along, brother. We have much catching up to do and you are rather taking your tim-“, Mycroft stopped when he caught sight of John staring at him. He was about to scold the servant for it when Sherlock intervened.
Robe =
Geisha pillow =
The smaller man let out a small whimper as the dark haired man gently lifted him back up again. “Sh-Sherlock, what did you…”
.” The blonde gulped when Sherlock near spat the last word. The taller man continued, “If I am to train you then I need to know what I’m working with.” He casually waved a hand at John’s torso, to which the blonde squinted at him. Surprisingly, Sherlock looked more uncomfortable than him, particularly when he noticed a rosy pink blush begin to bloom on the taller man’s face.
John felt a sudden need to shove the other man out of the rickshaw. Instead he decided to take in a deep breath to slowly release through his nose. Clutching at his
Wiping his mouth, he nodded his thanks as he handed Molly back her pouch. “I need some air”, he gave her a weak smile, throwing the thin sheet off of his still sweating body. He stood up to stretch his now aching limbs. Molly winced upon hearing the crack that emanated from John’s spine. Rubbing the back of his neck, he made for the door. A gentle tug on the arm of his off-white
that was adjacent to a private little garden John had never seen before. In fact, there were many parts of the House he and the other servants had been denied entry to. His thoughts continued to drift as he stepped outside onto the porch, enjoying the feel of the cool night air on his skin. Taking in a lungful of air through his nose, he let his eyes drift close.
Unbidden his mind brings up a memory of a pale face with a dark halo of curls and an even greater halo of blood like a morbid saint.
Sherlock can't delete those years from his mind.
He rolls onto his back, brings his hands down, and steeples them under his chin. His tail curls up between his legs and wraps around him once more.
How many days had he gone without sleep?
No one else got to see the way Sherlock would curl in on himself when he thought he'd failed.
How can John keep putting up with him if he can no longer do the work? That's the trade off after all: he provides excitement and John puts up with his moods. John will try to fix him, but when he can't help he'll become frustrated and leave. Sherlock suddenly realizes that his tail has puffed up and  he's snarling at the thought. He rolls to his front again and sighs.
And suddenly John is standing outside in the snow. The late evening light waning, but still lit enough to show that he is definitely not in modern London anymore. Men and women dressed in period outfits like the ones he sees on TV, bustle past. Hansom cabs and other horse drawn carriages pull through the streets.
They begin to dance a slow waltz together in the tall flowers. Sherlock leans forward and whispers into John's ear, "We won't remember our lives, but we might remember this. So hold onto this memory John. Remember me as I hold you in a quiet meadow on a sunny day and I whisper 'I love you' in your ear. We'll have this, this time, John. Remember."
He stares into the fire, thinking. What if he gives this letter to Sherlock and his feelings aren't mutual? He's almost positive, there's something there, unspoken, between them and if they could just put words to it, everything could change and for the better.
"I am. I'm not...I don't consider myself fitting the definition of beautiful."
Though, of course, John always surprises him.
Irrationally John wishes Sherlock could be free to show him affection like that as well. He'll have to settle for Sherlock's warm hand on his back.
They've brushed their teeth and performed their evening ablutions.
Sherlock quickly removes his coat and gives a full body shiver, his tail puffing up. He turns to face John and in the dim multicolored glow from the fairy lights on the Christmas Tree, Sherlock looks beautiful and magical.
This twisted thing inside Sherlock which consumes him and steals his agency, forces him to act in ways he would never under his rational control.
Sherlock can feel John smile where his face is pressed against his shoulder. "Good. I'm glad. I slept good as well, to be honest."
Sherlock used to avoid sleep. There was too much to do, too much to see, and simply not enough time to be wasting it
"I'll just make some coffee then."
"Good enough." And then Sherlock is pulling John up the stairs to the landing, pushing him against the wall, and kissing him. Throughly.
And Sherlock will take whatever attention he can get from John.
loves him and he never wants to leave him.
They are a weakness.
John thinks to himself,
They both stare at John speechless and John feels like he may have misinterpreted something.
He looks back down to his belly and rubs at his belly button which has popped out from lack of space. He touches and flicks it and feels his cock give a thick throb of arousal at the sensation. He lets one hand play with a nipple, pulling and squeezing it and uses his other hand to play with his belly button.
*************
John uses his right arm on top to gently brush Sherlock's curls as he whispers quietly, "I don't know what your nightmare was about, Sherlock, but whenever I had one of mine I always woke with the wish that someone, anyone, would hold me and tell me it was going to be okay. So, yeah. Whatever it was, it's okay now."
" Uh, no. And I'm fairly certain this is it. This is permanent."
"That's good. Tea?"
Sherlock wakes in his bed, his sheets thrown completely off onto the floor. His body soaked in sweat. He rolls onto his side and curls into the fetal position and gives quiet sobs.
John looks at Sherlock in disbelief. When he came home this evening this absolutely not what he expected, but it's wonderful.
Less than a week later he wished he had.
Sherlock gives Mycroft the two finger salute and then he and John are down the hall and in the bedroom.
It's late and they and Lestrade are deep into research for a cold case that may or may not be relevant to a recent spate of burglaries.
"I." Sherlock swallows, his throat tight, "I did not know that." His voice is raspy and he can hear himself choking on the words. "Could you please clarify what you mean?"
"Jesus. Sherlock! If you were wanking you could have just fucking said."
The body is grotesque and he immediately understands why Molly would have thought he'd be fascinated. It's unlike anything he's ever seen.
John gives a slightly hysterical laugh, "So, I'm sitting here, talking to a magical, time travelling cat?"
"If you don't, brother mine. I'll make you."
Carefully, he reaches down and pulls the tip of his tail up so he can take a better look at it. It's soft and heavy, but flexible. He moves it around and tests how flexible it is. He bends it over itself until the first twinges of pain.
"Kissing you." Sherlock narrows his eyes and tilts his head, "I feel that was pretty obvious."
John takes a seat next to Sherlock's chair and sips his own cup of coffee.
"Of course. What is it?"
Sherlock is smiling down at Rosie, a wholly tender look that John realizes is frequently on his face these days.
Their legs are tangled together and John shifts his own legs slightly to feel the leg hair where their pajama trousers have ridden up. Sherlock is human and real and here wrapped around John. John can't begin to describe the feeling in his heart. It's the purest feeling of joy he's ever felt. He always imagined perfect happiness as a screaming, ecstatic thing, but this is it.
I feel like their characterization is all over the place. Please let me know if I've screwed this up somehow.
John gives a sigh, "Sherlock. Don't bother lying about it. You clearly know what possibly caused this."
He opens his eyes. John is watching him with concern and, now that Sherlock knows to look for it, unreserved love.
What's his pain compared to the hurt he's caused John?
Three things happen at once:
He sleeps.
"I would be delighted to share my bed with you tonight." Sherlock says this with an exgerrated posh tone, before continuing much more sincerely, " I'd much rather have you near as well."
"I-she's never-I wouldn't-"
John leans over the back of Sherlock's chair to look down at the detective on the floor. Sherlock has his arms crossed and is scowling up at John, face pink with embarrassment at his overreaction.
"I have everything I want with you. My daughter has two fathers as far as I'm concerned. I don't want to change our life for anything. I'm happy."
The increased touches. The small shared smiles. God, some days John can't help but stare at Sherlock, just so damn happy he's back and more so that he chooses to cohabitate with John.
John chokes on his laughter and rushes to Sherlock and pulls the man's jacket closed to cover his exposed breasts.
Sherlock sighs deeply, "Let's go upstairs. I don't want to discuss this here."
This is their first kiss and it is so gentle.
After all, it's just transport to him, isn't it?
He wishes he could stop breathing right then and there. In the back booth of Speedy's. Just drop dead. But that would just restart the loop, so what would be the point?
And as they hold each other close into the eternal night;
"You are beautiful. Some people equate youth with beauty, but that's not what I find beautiful. I find the way your skin moves over your muscles, the expressions you effortlessly convey, the way you control yourself... All of those things make you beautiful John. You are efficient and human and messy in all the right ways."
"And that is the best idea
He is no longer himself but an extension of Sherlock's pleasure.
"Well. Impressed?"
Sherlock scowls harder, grabs John's hand, and pulls him up the stairs and past Mycroft.
He was nearly done when he heard Sherlock give a shout of frustration. He turned down the heat on the hob and headed to Sherlock's room to see what was troubling the other man.
"Now kiss!"
He gets up, rounds the table, and places a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. He notes how warm Sherlock's pale skin feels. He knows Sherlock is a man, the same as he is, but he sometimes forgets that Sherlock isn't as cold as the attitude he puts forth. Sometimes he forgets that Sherlock, in so many ways, is more feeling than anyone he's ever met.
John frowns and he lets out a long sigh. "I get why you would think that. I really do. But I'm here. I've always been with you."
No one else got to see Sherlock's eyes go round and big when he connects the dots.
Him naked as the day he was born and Sherlock barely covered in his lingerie, yet somehow still more obscene for what John can't see.
The sensation is immediate and electric and Sherlock twitches his ear away from John's touch and jerks his head back slightly.
"Brilliant." John smiles at Sherlock and is pleased to see the return of the blush on Sherlock's cheeks. He reaches up a hand from under the covers to touch the pink skin high on Sherlock's cheekbones. "Are you going to blush everytime I compliment you now?"
"Go out? Where? And why?"
"No, thank God. But, last time you were. If you'd like I can show you."
But the affection was just a need and John was the closest body around to fulfill it and it was slowly killing him.
Sherlock is beautiful in the early hours. His face is soft, his body warm and lax, but that's only the half of it. Because it's in the morning when he wakes and faces John and he smiles, his eyes crinkling, when he whispers, "Good morning, John," that John can see the golden treasure of Sherlock's soul in the soft look in his eyes. The love he holds for John.
He hesitantly reaches out and touches the tip of the cat ear closest to him.
The samples he stole from the body are on the table in petri dishes and they're
And that was definitely a bad thing since Sherlock was very clearly not interested in him.
John waits but Sherlock doesn't continue. "And...what?" John asked curiously.
John laughs, "No, that's just a
It's barely a breath,
******
Living with a man who is part cat is actually more difficult then John could have imagined. Sherlock was fastidious with his own personal grooming, but an utter slob around the house.
Sherlock lowers his voice, "John? Would you be amiable to a kiss, on the lips, right now?"
Sherlock looks up at that and furrows his brow.
John jerks his head up and sees Sherlock watching him intently, worriedly. "Sorry. It. It still hurts to think about that time." He takes a deep breath and smiles sadly, softly, "We're past that though. Let's not dwell on it. How about you? When did you know you wanted, um, me?"
He yells, he screams. He wants John. In all the wrong ways that John doesn't want.
"John. Please don't be alarmed-"
"So. I may have an idea of what happened to you. Granted it's been nearly 20 years, but I believe I may have heard a case of something similar in class. I'll have to look it up, but, yeah."
John takes in a deep breath and feels himself calm back down. He turns back towards Sherlock and catches him quickly looking away.
The body is face down and the back exposed. That's where the things burst out of him.
John smiles back at him, "I've wanted to hold your hands too."
How can he convince others of his invulnerable confidence when his tail betrays his nerves with every twitch?
"Sherlock. You went through so much for me. If anything, I'm disappointed in myself for not realizing you needed me sooner."
He feels as if the whole world exists right there among these four walls. With the curtains drawn as they are, he can pretend there's just them.
travel through time." She rolls her eyes at John.
"You noticed?"
It's in the morning where Sherlock gives gentle kisses and slips a simple ring on John's finger.
Sherlock gives him a gentle swat to the arm and John laughs.
Between gravity and his contractions the shoulders pose no issue and quickly follow the baby's head out of him and he places his hands beneath himself to catch his second child.
"I love you."
"Ok then."
John still can't speak. He isn't sure what to say. He's tired and it's early and he's thouroughly distracted by the way Sherlock looks at this particular moment.
However, it's his head and his gut that ache the most now.
When John asked who he was, Sherlock didn't even glance at him as he said, "Mycroft." And nothing else.
"Well thank God for that, but we don't 'moon' at each other. We are of an intellect above normal people and are communicating without actually speaking to each other."
He's going to be sleeping in the same room, hell, the same bed as Sherlock. The man he has secretly loved from afar, the bravest man he's ever known especially after the leap of faith he took only just a few hours ago.
He kicks his pants and trousers the rest of the way off as another contraction hits and it's like his body has jumpstarted. They come one on top of another. His body is wet with sweat and then he feels something inside him burst and fluid comes gushing out of him.
His body begins moving again and heads to his bedroom. It lies them on the bed, face up.
As they dance their first dance hand in hand.
"Daddy! Are you done eating? We have to put the star on the tree." Rosie calls impatiently from the living room.
Again he's plagued with a feeling of...stupidity? Silliness? Guilt?
"Sherlock." John says softly. Sherlock watches him silently waiting for him to continue, but John just smiles at him, his eyes searching Sherlock's face. Sherlock can feel John's fingers rub his skin where they're positioned against his wrist. He wants to sigh and slump into his seat, the affection in this simple touch threatening to undo him.
Sherlock forces his eyes open at this revelation and is met with the sight of a blonde man sleeping uncomfortably on the edge of his bed. Sherlock flexes his hand and the man stirs.
"Well I'm finding it's quite true that there's nothing quite like waking up to a soldier in my bed."
couch?"
Together they reach up to place the star and gently it's passed from Rosie's small hands to John's to Sherlock's to the tip of the tree where it rests crookedly.
However, he was the first he ever got to live in any proximity to and quite frankly he was grateful otherwise he might never have accepted Sherlock's offer to room together and split the rent.
But he'll never say it. Of course Sherlock has seen his feelings. He sees
Sherlock is as fascinated as he is horrified.
"Good. Thank you." Sherlock relaxes and gives a gentle pleased purr. He cringes internally at the sound, but is helpless to stop it. He hasn't entirely determined the reflexive muscles that control his purr and what it is that prompts it. He picks at his food for a minute. "So what else can I expect?"
Now it's John's turn to be taken aback.
John pulls his head back to get a better look at Sherlock snuggled into his chest, "You did not just proposition me for sex in front of my sister."
Though just as impossible as what he registers as he looks around him.
John's face flushes, "Oh, well, uh-"
"Maybe, maybe not."
John gives a rueful laugh, "Yeah, we are. But that's another reason we're here, now, talking. We have an option."
"Tell me what you want Sherlock. Tell me what to do."
He slips the trousers up and works his tail into them. He forgoes a shirt for now because he's still pretty warm. He also, for some vague reason he can't explain, just knows putting a shirt on would be very uncomfortable. If he's being honest with himself, the trousers are already almost borderline too much.
Sherlock is slow to wake.
"Forever and always."
Sherlock grabbed his tube of lube from his nightstand and slicked up his cock. He then held it with one hand while guiding John by the hips with his other back down onto his cock.
"Sherlock. I was awful towards you. I hurt you emotionally and physically. You did
It's a warning from Sherlock.
John just sighed, "Nevermind."
Sherlock feels his stomach drop, "Permanent? You mean I'll be like this? This? For forever? No, no, nooooo." He drops his face into his hands and just lets out a despairing groan.
As if on cue, Sherlock's stomach gives a rumble. "So it would seem."
They quickly shed their trousers and pants, John being mindful of Sherlock's tail.
Oh God. Last night comes in a rush to him.
They're sitting across from each other in their respective chairs; John reading and Sherlock staring quietly into the fire set up before them.
John gives a chuckle as he watches Sherlock's cheeks turn pink and the sound of gentle purr breaks the silence. Sherlock gives a small cough of embarrassment, "Hm. Well. I like the sound of that."
Sherlock rolls onto his back and slips his panties off, "John. Come here and straddle me."
John is dumbstruck and stares at Lestrade; which is precisely when Sherlock makes his reentrance holding another folder.
"I truly never thought I could be this happy John. When I brought all this up earlier, I was prepared for you to walk out. To run away. To leave. I told myself that the best outcome I could hope for was you just saying it was 'all fine' again and dismissing the subject. I didn't want to hope for more. I couldn't." Sherlock looks up at John, his eyes piercing in that way of his and yet softened by the glassiness of unshed tears, "But as always, you surprise me John Watson. In the best of ways."
To John's surprise Sherlock looks away and covers his face with his hand, "...and to have my skin stroked."
"John?"
Sherlock gives him a tight smile and takes a sip of his tea. "We're English, John. Can't have a serious talk without tea."
John smiles and gives Sherlock another quick kiss, "I wouldn't have it any other way."
When John first met Sherlock he was the fifth Katzengeist he had met in his life.
"I had some more tea with vial #35 in it."
"Because you're not gay and, while you won't be outright homophobic, the awkwardness will eventually kill any possibility of salvaging our friendship."
John's smile starts small and then grows until he's grinning. His heart is racing, but he feels so light.
Sherlock suddenly feels irrationally angry. He stands up with a huff and looks down at John confrontationally. John stares a moment before slowly standing to face Sherlock.
"No, he's not."
"Very impressed. Also mildly convinced I might be having a stroke or something."
"Of course. Cats aren't native to earth." The 'duh' goes unspoken but John hears it all the same.
"No, I meant with your chest looking like that."
He makes it clear that Sherlock is the one mainly responsible for the cat and that is, as they say, that. Sherlock delights in playing with her and petting her, and John privately delights in watching him.
John knows how Sherlock is. He could give an aspirin a headache, but it doesn't change the fact that he loves the way Sherlock is. He loves the way his mind works.
John pulls out a chair and sits next to Sherlock, and in a soft voice speaks, "Hey. It's okay. I mean, yeah this happened and we can't change it, but. We'll get through it. You just need to adjust and I will help you every step of the way."
John grins from ear to ear. "I'm pretty sure I just did. What do you say? Forever and always?"
Waking up after that wild night was a bit surreal as well. Sherlock's breasts had stopped leaking milk, but they were still there.
John grinned and licked his lips, "Cuddle me?"
He bends over to check and then keeps going until he's doubled over as a tight painful cramp grabs him in his abdomen. He had appendicitis once and the blinding pain is very nearly similar. He lets out a strangled cry and sinks to the kitchen floor.
John was just happy.
"Ok. I'm sorry for interrupting. Please do continue."
He hates this. His every thought and emotion elicits responses that he has no control over.
Of telling John to stay away. To leave.
"I love you Sherlock Holmes."
John gives him a watery smile, "Oh, do you now?"
John swallows and feels his throat constrict drily. It appears his words are dry too, but he's a soldier and where Sherlock can't press forward, he will.
"You never expressed a desire to sleep with me until last night when I suddenly developed breasts."
And John fails to catch him.
and falls off the back of his chair.
John shuts his laptop and follows Sherlock into the kitchen.
He loves John.
He had snapped at him and stomped off to his room. He didn't come out until dinner and John had wisely let the topic drop.
"Of course, John. Fine."  Sherlock hadn't even looked at John, he just continued to stare out the window blankly.
He picks it up gingerly and shudders at the sensation. The fur is soft, silky, and dark brown like the hair on his head, but shorter and slightly stiffer.
"Four. But this couldn't wait John. I had to see you. I need to apologize for what I said yesterday."
"Wha- Sherlock?" John looks a bit like cornered prey. It's as if instinctively he understands that Sherlock is not himself. "Are you okay?"
And then there's a warm breeze on his face.
"Yeah."
"Jesus, Sherlock!" John lifts his face upward to avoid looking at Sherlock's naked body. "How many times have I told you not to walk about the flat bloody starkers?!" John turns back around and continues unloading the shopping from its bags. "One of these days you're going to give Mrs. Hudson an eyeful and then you'll regret not wearing clothes. Probably compare you to the late Mr. Hudson."
He looks through the glass of the observation theatre.
John gives a weary sigh, "Sherlock. What are you doing here? It's, what? Three in the morning?"
Ritual complete, Rosie giggles with joy and Sherlock and John sit down. Sherlock next to Rosie and John across the table. They plate the food and tuck in.
John gives her a confused look, "How would you show me?"
"Yes! I wished for snow!"
When he wakes again the light is the same but it feels as if years have passed him by.
He feels so empty, so much so that he's not sure he can even be sad anymore. He's just tired and finally given up. He closes his eyes and lets out a sigh.
"Are almost entirely focused on the chemical changes which occur, and not on the actual physical and behavioral changes you can expect. It's interesting and definitely worth a read, but not valuable to the day-to-day. Which is why I already emailed you the links and you can peruse them on your own. However, I went ahead and read the book and made a small list of things to expect. You can read the book too, but given its flowery language and your general demeanor, I thought you'd prefer me to summarize."
His hair is run through with silver and he wears practical clothes these days. All jumpers and long underwear under heavy wool pants.
He has
Together they fall asleep.
"Yeah...? I do it all the time. He's an absolutely brilliant cook."
Rosie picks up on Sherlock's tone and gives a shout, "Obviously, daddy" Its very different them when Sherlock says it; for starters, Rosie hasn't got the sarcasm tone right yet so it sounds overly joyful, but she has decided that part of the amusement is in how deep Sherlock's voice usually is when he says it and she does her best to imitate that. Its become a game, a tradition now. When someone says 'obviously', everyone else has to too.
He frowns and realizes his discomfort with his situation has him
Slowly, centimeter by centimeter John feels himself being filled by the girth of Sherlock. His own cock rests between them, rock hard and slowly dribbling precome. After what feels like an eternity, John can feel himself seated flush on Sherlock.
"Me?"
"Promise?"
John stands and notes the time. It's late and they've unravelled a lot. Honestly, he's exhausted. He looks back to Sherlock and Sherlock smiles.
, hot, that John feels himself at the edge of coming.
John made it halfway down the stairs before Sherlock came barreling down after him and stopped him with a hand on his bicep. "John. Wait."
"Drink that."
"What kind of wanting is that?"
She yawns, "Yes. I'm the one who spoke. No, you're not crazy and, no, he didn't drug you."
"Nah, don't be. I'm just ribbing you Johnny. Bethany and I are happy to have you for the holiday."
John comes awake slowly. The room is dim, lit only by the lamp they'd forgotten to switch off before bed.
"That's ok. I'm scared too, to be honest. But I'm willing to be scared and make mistakes and be wrong, if it's with you. For you." Sherlock gives John a small smile.
This is the story of how John got the best Christmas gift he ever received.
He's so exhausted, but he feels safe here like this with his face in John's neck, John's arm around his back rubbing small circles, and John's other hand in his curls cradling his head.
"From the account I read, you'll likely experience a quicker fight or flight response, a more possessive take on things you perceive as yours, supposedly a craving for more meat in your diet, and an increased need for attention. Though of course all of this is for one person told from the perspective of another. We can't be sure how much of this was unique to her and how much of this is common to cat people in general."
"Uh hunh...You know you can just ask me for sex, right?"
And that's how John knows Sherlock is very much not fine, but he goes to fetch the food from the courier anyway.
The person John loves more then anyone else.
Sherlock reaches out a hand and touches John on his cheek. John is solid and warm. Sherlock pulls his hand back slowly. "But. You're dead," he says dumbly.
have countless moments like this.
John must sense his wakefulness because he stirs and pulls Sherlock closer to him. "Mmm. 'Morning Sherlock. You okay? Did you sleep?"
John shakes his head and leans towards Sherlock. "Sherlock. Me wanting to have sex with you isn't entirely dependent on what your wearing or what body parts you have. I
Sherlock can see and feel John give in. He does not fight.
"Love?"
"Oh. Well I suppose you have a point."
"Hold on. The higher ups. You mean like God? But no. You said ups, plural. Gods?"
"Shall we then?"
"Yeah, Sherlock. What is it?"
If only he had ignored Molly Hooper's call then maybe none of this would have happened.
John walked in on the two of them sharing a deep soulful stare and then the man let himself out all without introducing himself. Of course Sherlock's boyfriend was a ridiculously posh man of little words. John told himself the sense of disappointment he felt at the discovery wasn't because he knew he was inadequate for a man like Sherlock.
He looks down at the file from Molly. The man's name is irrelevant.
"The fight or flight response, and the possessiveness. It's mostly flight with the first."
Sherlock makes a low sound deep in his throat as John teases his nipples and John feels it as Sherlock slowly starts to slide out of him.
And then, most unexpectedly, Sherlock hugs him.
Harry scrunched up her nose, "Welllll....I wouldn't say loving, but, yeah, I
"You shouldn't be. I intentionally hid this from you."
Sherlock gives him an inscrutable look, then takes a deep breath, "I've always wanted you John. I just didn't realise for a long time all the different ways I wanted you were really the same. I wanted you to move in. I wanted you to like me. I wanted your attention. I wanted your presence. Then, like you, when I no longer had it, I realised exactly what kind of wanting it was."
"Do you mean it?"
Sherlock sinks back into his chair, frowns and looks away from John. "I mean romantically."
"You love
Sherlock cuts him off. "We'll go back."
Calmly, he sets the kettle down, places both of his hands on the counter and takes a deep breath which he lets out shakily.
Sherlock is the first to recover. He splutters, "What are you talking about?! How could you think I would ever. Ever." Sherlock waves his hands in the general direction of Mycroft. "With him!"
"When I first died I wasn't entirely sure what was going on. I met others and they explained that the afterlife is what we make of it for ourselves. I truly wanted nothing more then to be with you. And so that's what I got. I have been with you since the day I died. And it's given me a lot of time to think and I would do anything to do it all over again; to have a second chance.
John pushes forward into the kiss and pours every emotion he's had for his best friend since he's known him into it. John's chest aches and aches with love allowed to flourish.
"Ha," Sherlock scoffs, "that's why you left with Rosie all those years ago and never spoke to me again. I found out about your
Their skin is fine and delicate. Like his normal ears, squeezing them doesn't elicit much of a feeling, but pulling them or using his nails to pinch is quickly painful. However, gently rubbing the short hairs on the ears against their grain is a subtly pleasurable sensation. He loses himself in the feeling for a moment, before using his fingers to explore the inside.
"Jesus Sherlock! You can't just do that!"
John looks up at Sherlock with half lidded eyes. "Ok, wow. I'm down for this, but, uh, maybe we should talk about this first?" John continues to look up at Sherlock while Sherlock's body continues to press into John's.
Rosie gasps out loud. "It's bootiful daddy."
The cat manages a disdainful look, "Yes. You. You're the one always getting married, 'oh, but king and country', and all sorts of excuses to avoid this thing between you and Sherlock. Take last time for instance. You were definitely, totally in love with Sherlock and what do you do? You get
"What's that supposed to mean?"
They break apart, flushed and panting, trouser lines indelicately broken.
So he can't be blamed when it takes him a moment to register John's slow breathes behind him, gently ruffling his hair.
"It's a given." John deadpans.
The text is unfortunately obscured by dark stains where it explains how he's supposed to consume this 'potion', but after that it explains that it's a one time medicine and the woman is guaranteed to have a child. Presumably he just has to drink some or, god forbid, all of the concoction he's just made and
John manages to catch up before the doors fully close and he bullies his way onto the elevator. John catches his breath and looks at Sherlock.
"Am I dead?"
The clock had started the minute John came back.
He does not want this for John.
John keeps dozing off.
As he commits every possible moment of this day to memory; the looks of their friends, the smell of the flowers, and, most of all, the look of impossible, endearing fondness on Sherlock's face.
Something crucial.
However, as John is about to find out, she does
family.
In a rush the answer hits him and he's sure he would be sick if he had any control over his body.
*****
John opens his eyes, not realizing he had shut them and looks down at Sherlock. Sherlock is wet with sweat from the exertion of controlling himself, his eyes half lidded and his lips pinked and swollen. John lets his gaze drift lower to the straining black bra Sherlock is still wearing. It barely covers Sherlock's peaked nipples, the fabric soaked with the milk he's been producing nonstop.
"There's nothing like waking up to Folgers in your cup?" Sherlock pauses, "Hmm, may have proved your point there."
Finally he finds his voice again, but his vocabulary has been reduced to one word, "John?"
It's a promise from John.
It's quick to infect and take over it's subject, suggesting a short life cycle.
The nightmares come more easily then sleep these days.
John does just that. He starts up at Sherlock's ears.
He watches as John walks up to 221B and knocks on the door.
He's pretty positive he even blacks out for a second. It feels as if it goes on for ages and yet at the same time it's over too quickly.
"A new wife? Sherlock, I- Sit down." John takes a seat in his chair and Sherlock takes a seat in his. They've been pushed much closer together to make room for the Christmas Tree.
And then slams it shut.
Theoretical didn't help Sherlock.
And John sees stars.
SUSTAIN
John finished cooking breakfast and sat down with Sherlock. They ate in silence for a few moments until Sherlock suddenly announced that he had some errands to run.
Geisha robe =
“I should like to see you again.” The warrior sounded very sure of himself, but the rosy shade of pink on his cheeks suggested a hint of doubt at the other man's reaction. A look a relief appeared on his features upon seeing John's wide beaming smile.
“Not hungry then?”
John was sipping on a cup of tea, flicking through an old newspaper as he hummed happily in his armchair. Sherlock was pottering about in the kitchen when Lestrade almost burst into the living room.
“Sister!”, he exclaimed, raising a clenched fist to his mouth in frustration. John however was blown away. He had never breathed so much as a word about himself to anyone, not even Molly. He was about to enquire as to how the dark haired man knew so much about him when the
“It’s better this way, John.” He sounded so very sincere; the apprentice was keen to believe him. “You wouldn’t let me examine you before.” His voice was low and gentle, and John felt soothed by it. His fears however were renewed when the dark haired man moved his gaze away from John’s own to make tracks down his body, stopping at his crotch.
coming down to pierce the soft material of the still warm pillow. John panted from the sudden exertion, darting his eyes about in panic, trying his level best to adjust his sight to the darkness, but before he was given the chance to do so, he caught the distinct sound of the pitter patter of feet coming for him fast. Blindly, he leapt in what he hoped would be away from his attacker. This was followed by several swishes of a blade cutting through the night. The apprentice wanted to rid himself of the terror that coursed through him, frustrated by the lack of vision. Suddenly he felt something sharp press against his upper thigh, which was quickly followed by a nasty stinging sensation and the hot expulsion of blood. The shock of being cut caused the blonde to stumble backwards, tearing through the
- My name is Sabrina Bons - she walks towards me, smiling and holds my hand. Her perfectly painted red nails matching the glasses and the garter-tie. She had the the soft skin of someone who had never done anything rough in life, but I smile, trying to push away the stereotype and hating me for thinking this way. Perhaps she was even nice! - These are James Black, Katharine and Suzan Dickson and Alice Tennant.
— You have any idea of what could happen? — he walks in and close the door, sitting on the bed, green eyes on me — Sit here. Come — shaking, I manage to sit beside him — Come on, tell me.
— Sherlock, that uncle of yours, is pretty intense, you know? — John says, just to keep up the conversation. His mind, otherwise, was focus on find ways of being the one who would give her the "big things", while watch the funny way she drinks tea — You've always had this awkward relationship?
— I have to go, Doc... John... — She smiles, enjoying intimacy, and stands up without looking at him anymore —  Uncle Myke surely already knows that I am here and is already furious with me. — She opens a familiar smile to the floor, very sweet — I have to go home and wait for the scolding.
— You are right! — he catches the opportunity, bending a little towards me. My uncle turn to me, analyzing, scouting my expression — But I have a better story for you, kiddo. About how I meet you uncle Mycroft.
They stare at each other, hostility almost burning the air between them. The students share smiles, that conflict wasn't new. While I watch them a realisation hits me: they were all the same. Girls with long hair in a behave ponytail, light make up and arrogance all over their faces. The boys shared the short hairstyle, all brushed to the same side. All of them with this weird angry and cold expressions, superiors. I was completely out of shape, more then normally.
— I know, uncle Myke, I'm sorry — I turn to the green, the very calm and comprehensive. It's always being like this, since I have to move with him, eating was a problem, at the beginning my body simply wouldn't accept food, even after I got better hungry wasn't a problem, I have to remember myself to eat — It won't happen again.
But that was good or bad? Many things can be made for someone gain that kind of privacy, good and bad. Even if it was good it could be good for the United Kingdom, but it doesn't mean it was safe for me, or acceptable, especially when my kidnapper was still unidentified. Ian could be and amazing person, totally trustable and badass, or he could be an institutionalised mercenary. And, now proved that I can't deduce him right, I could only hope for the best.
Sherlock made no move to indicate that he was going to speak to the girl, but he did not return to the matter with the inspector either. The man seemed profundly unsettled with the situation, probably, John imagine, trying to see a sense in what's happening.
— Louise — a little voice calls me when I'm putting my books on my backpack. Alice was right in front of me and, for a moment, I don't know how to hold a book anymore and almost let it fall on her. I. Am. The. Worst. — Sorry if I scared you.
I had to know. I couldn't NOT know. And the opportunity was right there! Between deep breaths, my heart goes hard against my ribs, there was no real reason to be scared, it was an impossible to be catch situation, I guess being comfortable doing wrong things wasn't a good option anyway.
While he observes the younger and shirtless man dance uppon his two dead man multilated bodies, the sniper tries to crack the mind of James Moriarty. The most dangerous and brilliant man he knew. The beautiful on that position James Moriarty.
In the car, my uncle is silent, looking at the window, hand on the chin. I like this position, if my hability with a pencil wasn't so terrible, that would be my favorite position of him to draw. He looked like and old lord from and far and dangerous place, the lord who could control anything and anyone.
― I'm calling your uncle for this, young lady! ― the bold and fat man standing in front of me looks threatening. I'm sitting in his incredibly small room trying to force the most bored face possible, but I can't help my hands of shaking. It was going to be a very long day, it was the kind of day that my uncle wouldn't answer his phone, the kind of day that he wouldn't answer the queen, neither were his assistent. So my only destiny was stay in that tiny place with that disgusting man.
— I am — my uncle answer it without even rising his eyes, he is very tense and worried, I know he said it without speaking and, thank Lord, didn't notice the eyes roll Lestrade gave him.
He grabs my hand and shake it, almost comical.
— Got it! — she announce stepping away to permit the police man to see the location.
— Hi, John — the blond man smiles — My name is Colonel Sebastian Moran, I'm very pleased to meet you, sir! I was observing you two, beautiful couple, I'd like to say.
I close my eyes, pushing the fear away, uncle Myke is caring enough to make me paranoid, I was only doing as he said. He was the British government after all and it was fine to be careful. Maybe not with uncle Sherlock, but I had no choice.
My uncle it's watching us, bored and with not very friendly expression, the military puts his hand on my shoulder, trying to be nice. My stomach twist and I swallow hard feeling the blood leave my face. I keep the smile, he wouldn't hurt me, I was just being silly.
— Stressful — his green eyes acuse me silently, getting up and taking my hand while walking out my room —, in most parts, and yours? Here all alone, apologies again for that — he takes of the blazer while take his shoes, looking more tired without the anger. I'm sit on his giant bed, watching —  Have you feed yourself? — he straighten his eyes in my direction and I feel my face twitching, I knew I was forgetting something — Louise... You have to take better care of yourself — uncle Myke turn his eyes to the floor, I recognize the guilty look — Well, I suppose I should be the one taking batter care of you.
But he knew it would, I knew it too. A heavy weight falls in my chest, making my heart hurt and taking my air. How could I lie to him like that?
Not just with her, I want to say, but he is the kind of person that judges my uncle, so I let it be.
Silently, I follow to man through a wooden stair, his heavy steps making my heart freeze. Anticipation is the best trick on a torture section, I hear that "by luck" when I "walked by" my uncle's door during one of his meetings. And I knew it was right. All of that was going to be such a torture to me, get to know people I knew were going to hate me, that would probably be cruel, but the worst part was the the calm walk to my destiny. I didn't knew how would be, who or why, and, without following the steps, my imagination was running free.
— You wait right there ― he takes a deep breath, putting his clothes straight, and pulling his cheap tie, I can feel his breath going in hard ― I'm going after your uncle other numbers ― I wanted to say that I knew that numbers, but he didn't sound like someone who would listen to me ― And don't touch anything, freak.
James restrain his laughter as Sabrina rolled her eyes, and Alice shook her head, rebuking me. I wonder if that was my first mistake. The twin in the left says animatedly: Brazil. And the other almost shouts: India.
― Mycroft ― I can almost hear the surprise silence on the other side, John's smile get wider, I wonder if he mocks my uncle ― She's fine, nervous, but perfectly ok. She went through a lot, I think you should come here yourself.
— You are scared, aren't you? ― the nocking and his cursing turns into a heavy breathing ― Who is it? Who would be powerful enough to be so scary? He gave you an order, stay inside with me. Even if it doesn't really make any difference! He know uncle Myke is too busy right now! Or he wouldn't waste time calling you and paying you, he is obviously powerful enough to just take me ― I fell my face turn paler ― Unless he know me enough to know that I would hear, he know how I would feel hearing somebody selling me. Why he would do something like that? How he knows me? Who IS he?
The teacher is young and short, with dark and well cut hair, he has a nice expression, joviality was all over his, with a sweet smile, making dimples on his cheeks, friendly looking at me. Handsome and confident.
He bounds to put his eyes closed to mine. I know he rather not to buy anything because he doesn't want to eat. Before me, he barely eat anything for longs periods of time, but it was our deal, if he eat, I eat, and that compelled us to not starve. Caring for each other.
The government officer run the eyes through his child, he could practically see everything that happened to her. The running, hidding, being caught and fighting the agressor, being extraordinary brave. Good girl. He rise his tomb, without letting the hold, and pass it on her cheek.
— Your eyes are beautiful — that's all what comes out, but Gregory do not regret for saying it. It was true. Mycroft widens his deep green eyes, analyzing his face. — I mean... Even though they are red, I mean... —  He looks around, the big, expensive kitchen oppressing him for a moment, flexing his shoulders, practically shrinking, still feeling the heavy greens in his face — You did your best for Lou — Lestrade looks at the redhead, who looks at him with sharp eyes, a little less threatening after what he said before — And it was great, she is happy with you, she adores you... So brave, intelligent and good with everyone she knows. Mr. Holmes, she it the one who is going to make this pain of yours go away, I do not even know if it is possible, but if it is, she will make you get better.
— Oh, fine. We will let inspector Lestrade take your statement — he guides me to sit in front of Lestrade's table, but stay stand, hands on my shoulder. — Lets go with this, inspector, I want to take her home.
― Because of Mycroft's rules?
Sebastian, afterwards, while watching his boss slothering the dead bodies, wonders why does Moriarty even need him.
I don't know what that means, if it was a black tag on the words, or a top secret password needy thing, I would understand perfectly. By not having anything means just that Ian gained the privilege of privacy, what probably explains why uncle Myke was surprised on seeing him, maybe not even my uncle knew his recent status.
"Bill is growing as fast as the dangers of this world. My only felling after the latest happenings is that my only son may be in danger, threaten somehow. I simply couldn't survive his lost, and, I believe, and so my brothers in arms over their children. With that in mind, my dearest friend Josef Glacier and me, decide to build this amazing and safe place. For our children"
— You don't understand, John. Mycroft don't understand. Only Louise can, she was so young, she have seeing so much... — he rise his look, to invade John's, making the shorter man's heart race, knocking against his ribs. His friend's pain was destroying — Theres was the good part of the family. I was to cold, Mycroft was to insensitive, she was warm and brilliant, extremely patient with our parents, loving even when she was loving alone... I believe she was the only thing me and Mycroft loved at the same time. Brilliant biologist, amazing professor, better deducer then Mycroft. Beautiful woman. And Louise was beautiful when born, too, looking just like her mother. I am her Godfather, I keeped myself clean for her, studying, peaceful with Mycroft and mommy. Even him put effort on doing things right her and our girl, even being completely unable to hold her — he opens a smile, exactly the same sad smile of Louise, the sweet movement John realised that moment it was his favorite on the other man — Life was good.
Felling her heart beat on her finger tips, Louise catch the exit gates look, the well put road of grey bricks of the park ended on the street, the passing people and cars framed by red iron gates, safety or something alike. She forces herself to go faster, hearing the heavy steps of the terrifying man right behind her.
John is able to see shame and infinite insecurity in his friend body, through the long coat and cheek bones, Sherlock was unable to stay cold on that subject. The soldier forces himself to analyse every bit part of his behaviour, trying to crack a way of making the pain go away and a form of putting him and his niece back on what they should be.
— Let's go to the hospital — Gregory grunts, slipping the belt around the man's panting chest, who grabs his hand and stares at it seriously, swollen eye, cut lips and blood everywhere. Gregory wants to caress his head, but resists, men were the most feared in England and not a little boy.
— I have my methods... — they stare at each other, a silent arguing, John observes them, confused, waiting. For a second I take the liberty of believing that Sherlock cares about me, but I know it's not quite true. I swallow hard, noticing, uncle Myke softly shakes my shoulders, marking his presence — Well, let's go, Louise. Dr. Watson. Dear brother...
— The job of the Scotland yard its take care of you — I rise my head, wanting to desagree, but his finger silentting me — It's their duty! Specially because I don't even know what I would do for you — I just stare at the green and sincere eyes, he was scared. He hated not knowing — I could put the hole British national on risk for you... Well! And talking about risk!! You call your uncle Sherlock! How do you even manege to get his number? Now you right there, playing happy songs on a sad arrange, calling Dr. Watson John and thinking about Sherlock!! And him? He must be on his floor, devastated, thinking about you. Both of you are. You two don't have enough mental health for a meeting like that!
— I really would like to enjoy the opportunity of working with you, sir, without the pain side... But I have received orders, so... — he shake his head, disappointed expression — You know... My boss really hates you, for real, he only puts me on working with someone of the really wants to destroy the person. I wonder what you did to him.
I might sound silly and childish, but, in the moment his voice comes to me, I feel safe, uncle Myke was coming to get me. My heart slow down a little and part of me realize how ridiculous I'm being, so I stand up, leaving Gregory's chest and sit by his side. My face is probably very red and extremely ugly, so I don't raise my eyes to him, just put my chin on my chest.
Yet Sebastian knew who were they, he would recognise them in any moment, better off dead now. He couldn't wait to tell James about them, his boss would find it curious, even an amusing competition, but Sebastian was only bothered. Because of those idiots in that idiot van he lost the girl, fucking lucky girl. Well, lucky wasn't the word, now two master minds were after her, but still, it was the second time she get away from him. It wasn't going to be a third.
— May we go now? ― Sherlock start to walk away and I feel my heart heavy, it was going to be really difficult be close to that man.
Ian's hand move forward to grab my fast enough I can't even react, his touch is strong and kind, worry.
She share a sweet smile, and Greg conquer her love easily. John expected a completely different child, someone raised by the British government it self should, at least be a little paranoid. Or maybe it was exactly the opposite, the girl could trusted her uncle's power deeply enough to be fearless. The soldier doesn't know which one was worst.
— I want to prove a point, Seb... — the colonel rise his eyes, the dark eyes were on his pictures, the sniper let go the breath, glad his boss didn't cough him in his lust. He really didn't knew — To Mycroft Holmes, to Sherlock, to anyone. I want to learn more, I need more, the great fall has to be perfect, I can't let any lose end... And she — he puts his finger on the picture of the very pale and with a very sad looking, having deep eyes and being to skinny, girl — Is the...
I sit on the leather chair, waving my legs under me, too short for it. My uncle's computer was the most organized place on earth and thank Lord to that. After a quick research, three files seem to be what I'm looking for, about the school and it's property, about my class room, especially speaking, and about Ian Pasteur.
On the break, all the students stand up and start leave. As I don't know anyone and hunger wasn't a problem to me, my solution to spend time is solving chemistry problems. Soon enough I was alone in the silence, if all day were like that, I would be very pleased, nobody coursing me or being cruel, no opportunities for me to answer with more cruelties and no teacher would hate on me because of it. Uncle Myke would be proud of me and John would only hear good stories in our meetings.
General Needham's office is on the first floor, it's big, with lots of books and some pictures. His wooden desk is very beautiful and full of papers, there's nothing personal in it, no family pictures, the whole room was about the army and that's it. I shake my head and stop staring at things, I can't deduce thing about him, if I don't, I won't have wrong things to talk about and I will not put myself into trouble.
As if the universe was trying to improve my mood even more, I notice the black car parked on the curb. Uncle Myke is leaning against the door, eyes on the floor, concentrate on something, umbrella leaning on the car at his side and arms folded across his chest. It comes to be a comic scene, the personification of the British government it self waiting for me at the door of the school. I step forward in him and wrap my arms on his heist, his muscles contract lightly when he feels me, but soon recovers and rests his big hand on the top of my head.
In fact, he girl is obviously lonely and introvert, maybe anxious, by the way she walks, the way she scrolls through people, always head down and staying out of the way, not calling attention, Sebastian wonders how she can be like that, and why, the kid was completely different from her family, maybe James was wrong, maybe she was a completely ordinary kid who wasn't good enough even for Mycroft Holmes, growing with him could be the only reason for her introvertness. But that was up to James to ask.
The girl is six steps away when a van stops in the sidewalk, almost covering all the exit, and it's side door opens, reveling an even more scary man, up to grab her. The terrified heart jumps one or two beats, the fast brain knew her chances were too small, as small as the space to scape the van and reach the street.
I turn my look back to the desk, back to the pill organizer, something was bothering me. The pressure did bother him, and the solution was right there, why he didn't take it? A flash goes through my mind, a big red screech on his right arm, allergy maybe. But he was taking the medication long enough to realize that he had difficulty remembering to take it, that's why he brought the organizer. Why he would start having allergies now? Maybe you stressed him too much, Louise. I shake my head, convincing myself to stop deducing, it only leads to trouble. I decide to stand up, approaching the door, he was taking too long anyway, maybe he had a heart attack and needed help. I press my ear against the wood, closing my eyes.
I rolled my eyes on the faces around me, Ian watches his own nails, trying not to pay attention to the situation, probably didn't want to get involved in that situation, and once again I go back to them. They both stare at each other for a few seconds, serious, then they turn to me, cold, determined stares, my heart shakes a little, maybe it really was the wrong question.
Even making some effort, I can't force a smile. If my mouth opens, maybe I can't close it, screaming in fear, or maybe doesn't let a sound go. My heart goes against my ribs with the idea of never speaking again.
— She was expecting something bad from me — Mycroft realizes that he couldn't stop talking, his mind clouded back to those days, the today, so many memories. What if he could make it diferent? Talking that way to Gregory wasn't solve it, but a heavy beat in his chest was begging him to talk — Eyes like Sherlock's, same as Theres's ... Fearful of me, as if I were abuse her.
Later, while I left the building, with Ian at my side, talking about classes on Monday afternoon and about the Olympics he was signing up to even before my uncle's authorization, I feel good, I'm even smiling, without having a real reason.
— I might believe it's always like this, sir. I was very pleased to meet you. I will say hi to my uncle for you — John enters the room just to see the inspector smile, lightly flushed and extremely embarrassed, and leave. Louise has a strange expression of satisfaction, watching him, John believes it is the first time she makes such a happy expression inside the apartment.
When Sherlock turn up the call, extremely pale, John is already running towards the exit of the park. The detective ignores the move, mind racing through possibilities, and diles fast, forcing his hand to stop shaking.
He agrees, seems satisfied with my answer. He bounds again to me, leaning on his knees, again conspiring, but with a proudest voice.
Gregory observes the nervousness of the young man, it funny to see how the detective cares about the tall ginger man. The DI doesn't even know if the heavy weight on his chest is for the tense and angry Sherlock or is for his imagination. Lestrade could imagine clearly the usually bossy man who was always gravitating in his life soffering in fear and given to the will of some crazy.
But she doesn't have the chance. A big hand on my shoulder makes us look up, silently. Ian smile at her, making a shiver goes down my spine,  always the cold eyes, this time even colder towards Sabrina.
— You are proud of her — John states, feeling the different tone of Sherlock's voice and noticing the small smile on his face. — You like her, I could see while you were talking yesterday. You care as much as Mycroft. Why you let her believe otherwise?
Seb... James Moriarty was the first to give Moran a friendly nickname, and it amuses the assassin. Everything in his boss in fact. Specially when the pale man took his shirt of to "have fun" with the dead bodies. Sebastian is sure, based on his experience on the army, he normally were going to be disgusted of the pleasure of mutilation the kid fund, but James... He was different, everything on him was different, curious, actually.
Mycroft observes the two os them, Sherlock's eyes clearly avoid her vision, avoiding pain, and Louise simply accepting the guilt. After so many meetings on so little time, maybe it was better to take Louise back to a doctor, but that was a worry for another moment.
— Seb, I want the girl — James sits, making a little pout, almost denying the evilness of his being and desarming completely his bodyguard, Sebastian Moran couldn't hurt him really. — You gonna get her for me.
He bounds a little over the desk, using his arms as support and smile, the caring on his eyes, the total lack of rage or disgust for spy on his stuff unarmed me.
— Let's go, Louise, lot to do today, and we still have to eat — he bounds a little, a different light behind his eyes when he observes mine — You uncle called me, all mysterious and bossy as always, and told me to feed you.
The dark eyes are always on me, caring, almost completely destroying his "I'm dangerous" image. He is a gigantic afro-descendent man already with grey hair and an amazing talent with guns. Thomas never told me his story, just few about a war, I had no idea what was it, or what he did on it. He was a man who was always excited about telling other hero's histories. But I, in my imagination, was very keen to see him as the biggest hero.
— Good — she gives me a small smile and an urge to rise my hand and use my finger to touch her lip comes to me. What was even going on? She was really pretty smiling, and she should smile all the time, but I have never be so stupid close to someone — I was wondering if I could go along down stairs with you.
— I'm sorry, brother, for putting you through this again, but I had to come. And I need your help. She was almost kidnapped again, with guns, and violence, deaths, in the middle of the street — his brother face falls in to a tense form, understanding — Somebody wants her. Badly. And they don't mind the consequences.
The pale body walks around a little, observing the older man. Mycroft's stomach is sinked, he was about to be tortured, obviously on the most brutal way. He was trained on the MI6 for situations like that, but the terrifying sensation of being exposed goes up and down on his body.
I have to be calm in that moment, taking a deep breath, I was scared before and in that moment I was angry too. Uncle Myke was always saying that sentiment only put itself in our lives and mess everything up. I have to calm down. I close my eyes and focus on a good memory, my uncle help me transforme my mind in a house to keep my memories, it was very useful when I have to be calm.
— Don't even think about making any questions about your chemistry teacher — he whispers, not even turning to me. Sincerely, I was burning inside with curiosity, and that frase probably brought a noise full of frustration of my mouth.
For reasons I can't imagine nor permit myself to deduce, she wasn't so close of the other any longer. When I arrive, seven days before, she was not only their friend, but some kind of leader. Now she stepped away. In any moment the other three act in a way to make her leave their small group, it was her. For some reason.
― We cannot leave you alone! ― John puts his hand on my head, smiling ― You are only 13 we can't leave you like that ― I wonder how does he knows my age.  He looks at my uncle, who it's very focus on an invisible point in the air ― Am I right, Sherlock?
— Mycroft. Yes, I'm on the park — the shaky voice turn straight in a heart beat, John gives a side smile enjoying the brotherly love — Yes, two groups. One by foot and the other with a car. I believe it was Moriarty and the Peters one, for what you said he was very damaged by your organisation. But I can't really tell what they want to do with her.
- You have a lot of talent - he keeps the same sweet smile as before, as he knew more than me of something, some dark secret. The idea that maybe he doesn't get affected by the morbid around him because he is morbid too, strikes me -, not just with chemistry, I believe. Well, we have a program here, to help keep talents as yourself focus on studying, usually turned to competition. It works like a support group on the afternoon - he puts his hands on the pockets, and shrugged, with a "it's actually silly" face - I want you in - my eyes got wider, any teacher, never, had ever donne something like that. Last time someone tried to putt me in an advanced class the math teacher felt threaten by my methods - We have to mark the day of the week and the hour... And, no, you can't deny it - he opens a pretty and sarcastic smile - Military school, you know?
It was a stupid mistake, in the fraction of moment he was distracted, only faster enough to not to be catch by the man, Louise runs, passing almost close enough to touch Sebastian, enough to feel his perfume and the strong smell of gunpowder. She would even manege to scape, but Sebastian is taller and with longer legs, or that was her explanation for it later, and he grabs her arm, pulling her back.
— Nervous? — Needham asks in a low voice, smile getting to his eyes, I realised his face is full of small scars, I wonder how they get there. He is trying to be kind, I know, but my hands shakes hardly with it — I know you era nervous. It's scary as hell to meet new people, but relax, okay? Nobody is hurting you here.
My heart slow down a little, and I convince myself to move, to find something to fight with if is needed. I run my eyes through the room and end up on the desk. Pens? Nope. I opened the drawers and started to throw things out, but there's only paper and a box of pills. I take the medicine and bring closer to my face. Viagra. Oh sweet Jesus, ew. I throw it back inside and step away from the desk. Ew. Ew. Ew.
The perfect suit, the umbrella and the intensity, it was all I needed. Until that moment I couldn't feel anything, I had to ignore the attempt of kidnapping, the fear... But now he was right there and I could feel everything, anything, I didn't have to worry, he would take care of me.
— They pressued her through the park — Sherlock, breathing heavily, stops beside John, the normally pale cheeks colored in a light red, well draw lips slightly open — Three man, the one she called sniper was the only able to follow her, he has very good militaries training and soft footprints, still a big man. She was very smart on hiding, but he cough her, the struggle marks of her can be seen. I believe it caused the bruises on her arms. After that, she managed to scape him, fight knocking him with the forehead, but almost didn't scaped a car, according to her, a van. It stoped right on the exit there— he points the gates, eyes running on other directions — Gun shots, and deaths, she managed to run between the gate and the car, hurting the shoulder. Two different groups after her, competing. And she escaped.
John just watches Sherlock, not controlling the corner smile, until that moment she had not laughed close to them, just sweet smiles, but no sound. It was a beautiful thing to hear, full of innocence, and completely sincere. Sherlock, too, glares at him, deeply, but does not seem satisfied, his ivory pale face twitching in an almost pained expression. The private detective shakes the head strongly and rush to the door, violently pulling the coat of a chair, and closing the door in a noise, no words. The three others just stand, listening his hard steps on the wooden stair.
My eyes rise to the two security men with their arms folded in front of me, the only thing to do is open a smile and try not look guilty. In that moment, if I were not the boss's niece, I'd probably have one or two bruises as punishment for the run they took from me.
Although, the ginger boy to my left was the opposite, had been working with us for a short time and I feel that, if he could, he would get drunk every time the job was with me. Obviously very talented and strong been, but terrible dealing with children, always assuming himself smarter then me.
— Some many options, so little time... Boss said I can't kill you thought... — he turns around and open a bright smile — James Moriarty calls you "Ice Man"... — Mycroft swallow hard, Moriarty send a psychopath then... Revenging, of course — My boss, therefore, calls you "the fucking idiot with the umbrella". Let's see what we can do with this information.
Mycroft Holmes is laid on the floor, he doesn't even know how he ended up there. His hole body is contract in a spasm of pain, mind flooded with a pain alarm, unable to think anything through it. The jumpy and laughing torturer is standing over him, sparky eyes running through his body, looking for places to inflict more soffering.
When his brother turns off the call, Sherlock is unable to move, his mind racing. It was so fast and organized, he can't even imagine what is going to happen with his brother. Well, he can.
Sabrina forces a smile and leans in my direction, allowing the glasses to slip to the tip of her nose. I stare into her eyes, allowing a slight fear grown invade my mind.
Louise, felling his hold less tight, takes the opportunity and run, as fast as she can, not idea where to go or where the other kidnapers where, so she turns herself to the exit of the park, maybe on London's crowd she could disapear easily.
The kick on his cheek send Mycroft back to the floor, pain making his vision darker for a few seconds and his mind clear in a flash. When he is back on seeing and feeling, he is back on his knees, chest and back pulsating on small explosions of hurt. A strong and bitter taste comes to his perception, the throat contracting with the will of purge. Looking up, through the fog that was around his brain, he can see the pleased expression of the boy.
- Thank you, sir - and turn to the door, unable to keep my hands from shaking. I don't know what to think, what to feel about him.
— Well, I know why... — James's voice holds reflection and amusement — Mycroft Holmes made the wrong man angry. Again.
― He is not... You father? ― he looks at Sherlock, who just keeped his eyes in the end of the corridor, obviously wanting to leave. The soldier makes me realize that he probably didn't knew of my experience until that phonecall, why would he knows, right?
— Relax — she turns to me, through the week the anxious and uncomfortable dark eyes had turn into bright darkness, full of recognising towards me, both of them making me feel transparent, like my every single thought and worry were written on my skin, waiting for her to read it. Strangely it doesn't bother me, specially when she is smiling that way — Ian is very nice and pacient, and — she bounds over the desk, closer sweet smile and eyes on mine — don't tell anyone, but he cares about us, for real, you know? He is always worry about our well being. And I think that's very nice of him.
— Lies!! ― I look up in a jump when he hit the big hands on the desk, but I'm unable to feel frighten, part of me still try to remember in what part of his body or behaviour is his life expectation, I can't be so stupid that even my brain is faster than me! ― Her husband is a very good man who would never cheat her!
They shake hands, I catch myself wanting to them to keep the hold a little longer, but it doesn't happen. They let go and uncle takes my hand, walking fast with me to the exit, emotionless. But, when I look back, Gregory has his eyes on my uncle's back, lips rising slightly while we leave.
The naked foot covered in blood, the falling jeans, one that show to much of the pale rips, the messy hair and, the prettiest part, the probably hot pistol on one hand, and the dagger on the other, liking in red. After calling Sebastian and his men to his apartment/office, and making an speech about the importance of making plans go right, the small man, like a little panther, jumped with a small knife in hand and cut the throat of one of them while rose the hidden gun and shot the other twice in the head. Quick and efficient.
And that was mostly because I was screwed, I know that, in the moment he find out, uncle Myke will make a speech about how I was irresponsible and stupid. I hold my moaning of pure suffer.
In a flash, the bitter taste come to his throat and Mycroft put a hand on his mouth to hold the vomit. Now he was there, broken, bleeding, hating every part of himself and disgusted with his own body. He had not felt that way in years. Mycroft closes his eyes, trying to get into his mental palace. Maybe some moment with Sherlock when they were little, maybe Theres's laugh.
The deep breath Sebastian gives amuses James, for some unimportant human reason, one he just ignores immediately.
When we reach outside my mind goes into a self-defense state, I look for treats  everywhere, part of me it's just nervous to be alone with uncle Sherly and his friend. I want uncle Myke, right there, I want him to hit the umbrella slowly in my head telling me to focus. I shake my head and look to Sherlock. Who was that man now?
The smaller man didn't even bother to look up, let alone greet the other detective. He just casually nodded his head back towards the kitchen behind him. Lestrade was about to cross the room when Sherlock entered.
, John Watson." Their swords disconnected as the dark haired man attempted to jab the smaller man in the gut. Again, the attack was deflected, their swords locked once more. "You are more than that." And again, their swords broke off only to lock again. "You are more than all of this and you know it."
Two-pronged sandals =
Removing his
"How should I know?" John had unwillingly blurted out his response, his face still red from the sight of his flatmate. "I'm not so sure I've ever even seen a leather daddy in the flesh before..."
Geisha sandals =
Folding screen =
A moment passed where the taller of the two stared at the other man in disbelief. He turned to gently place both hands on either side of John’s arms, pressing reassuringly. “I’ll be there.” He near whispered, “I’ve got you.” The blonde looked up at that point, his eyes swirling with relief. A small smile peaked at the corners of Sherlock’s lips, but then he straightened his posture and gave the other man a firm pat on the shoulder. “Besides Irene’s place gets far more footfall than my brother’s. We’ll be more likely to find our guy there.”
Two-pronged sandals =
The blonde cracked his dry eyes open, blinking in confusion. Vaguely noticing the line of drool hanging off of his chin, he tried to remember the exact moment he had fallen asleep.
Demon =
Paper walls =
Straw hat =
He realised he had a point. Scrambling off of the other man, he looked away to bury his head in his hands. "I'm sorry, I just thought-"
Geisha house =
did her level best to ignore his questions, lifting herself up to busy herself with the rest of the preparations. John let out an exasperated sigh, trying to remain as calm as possible. He had never done anything like this before in his entire life and all he wanted right now was the reassurances of his teacher.
instead of your brother’s?” She peered at the dark haired man suspiciously.
"The station. We need you. If you're free?" He was still trying to catch his breath.
Tea house =
Pipe =
Geisha sandals =
too."
Paper walls =
, John had quickly poked his head back inside to find some kind of light for their evening stroll. As he turned his head, he had to stop himself from leaping in fright at the sight of Sherlock leaning casually against the opposite side of the
Had John had his wits about him, he would’ve been purposefully stubborn and pushed past him; however in his delirious state he couldn’t find the strength to act defiant. Instead, he sluggishly nodded in response, slipping out of his seat to collapse into the other man’s arms. The driver of the rickshaw turned to throw them an irritated look, which Sherlock met with venomous scowl. “That’ll be all. You may leave now.” His tone was dripping with a promise of unspoken threats and violence. The driver flinched at this, nodding quickly before speeding away down the cobbled street. The dark haired man was pulled back to his situation upon hearing a low groan emanate from the limp blonde in his arms.
, everyone's eyes were fixed on Sherlock, awaiting his approval. After less than a minutes silence, he turned away to take another sip of tea.
Three string instrument played by geisha =
Nothing happened. The blonde was confused. He could hardly even hear the sound of the other man breathing. Hesitantly, he opened an eye, expecting the worst. But he was met with the image of the other man staring inquisitively at John's limp member, as if it were a puzzle he was trying to solve. He had kept his hands to himself, his palms turned downwards and firmly planted a top of his thighs. John blinked in confusion.
Floor (also used for basic beds) =
“I can’t do this!” John whined without hesitation, frustration tinging his features. It was early in the morning and the blonde felt groggy. Sherlock however looked perfectly at ease, lounging on his side on the floor opposite. He took a sip of the tea John had brewed moments before as he held up his head with his other hand. The smaller of the two blinked at him, expecting a response, but sighed when he realised his protests were being ignored. He glanced back down at the large
away to scramble back to his feet, patting the dirt and dust off of his now ruined garments. He froze upon hearing the other man's next words.
Then the fog turned black as if swallowing everything within its sights as an impossibly loud roar erupted in his head. John’s eyes snapped open as his mind was brought crashing back down to reality, supplemented by the screech of Sherlock’s
A panicked look erupted across John’s features as he scrambled out of his now soaking wet bed to bow to the other man in an attempt to beg for forgiveness. Just as he was about to voice his apology, the darker haired man cut him off. “What did I say about insincere gestures, John?”
Roof tiles =
Geisha sandals =
That same animalistic look from before shot across Sherlock’s face, “Shall I spit on your dick for you?” The retort was near growled.
John shifted awkwardly on his knees, his palms placed flat over the tops of his thighs with his head slightly bowed. He glanced from Mycroft to Anthea and back again, expecting something to finally happen, but no one had said a word since they entered the room. All that could be heard was the scratchy scribblings of Anthea rapidly writing away in her notebook alongside the gentle wafts of air emanating from Mycroft's
remained perfectly still despite the indignant look on both their faces. Mycroft let out a loud sigh. The entire room had exploded in a vast array of emotion upon hearing Sherlock’s decision.
Japanese skewered sweets =
Time appeared to slow down at that point, with every light brush of Sherlock's cold fingers against John's flush skin seemingly lasting too long. The blonde screwed his eyes shut, denying everything that was happening to him. A sudden spark of fear shot through him,
Belt =
“Hush now.” Mycroft snapped, to which Lestrade threw his hands up in frustration. The dark haired man breathed calmly through his nose and slowly opened his eyes, “Are you sure about this, brother of mine?” He kept his tone steady and calm.
Paper walls =
come undone. “St-stop…” His voice was barely audible, struggling to focus his sight on anything in the room. And then he was suddenly falling slowly backwards, hands guiding him so that his head was resting against Sherlock’s thigh. The smaller man glanced feebly upwards at his assailant only to be met with a warm fond-looking smile.
Fan =
He was about to let out a nervous chuckle of relief when he was swiftly scooped up in the other man's arms, picking him up with ease. He frantically tried to squirm. "Put me down!" He near shouted, despite his lethargic bones.
splayed across the floor as she languidly fanned herself with her
Geisha pillow =
Tea house =
Roof tiles =
Pipe =
The two had been walking through the many gardens for what felt like hours. The previous awkwardness of their initial meeting from just moments before had completely melted away and now they had found themselves strolling arm in arm at a comfortable pace, occasionally holding each others gaze. Sholto had been recounting many tales to John to his fascination, encouraging him to continue on and on. Occasionally the blonde would giggle when the taller of the two would tell him of his more amusing anecdotes. The only thing that remained from their first encounter was a shared blush.
emanate from the other man in the room.
There was a tense moment of silence where neither of them moved, blinked or breathed.
Feast =
On hearing the sound of the
John noted the lack of genuine concern in Lestrade’s tone. “Yes, perfectly fine.” Came the taller man’s curt response. “Although John here is injured.” He turned to cast a momentarily worried glance in his direction. The blonde shuffled awkwardly from the attention.
Paper walls =
“Get dressed.” He near barked. And with that, he dropped to the floor to lie on his side, propping his head up with one hand. John blinked as Sherlock yawned. Upon noticing the shorter man hesitate, the taller man quirked an eyebrow, “Or perhaps you would enjoy a good beating?” His words sounded like that of a genuine question as opposed to a rhetorical threat. Regardless, John’s face immediately turned crimson as he span around to find a fresh set of clothes. Kneeling in front of an ornate chest of drawers, he pulled out a light green
Paper lantern =
Sliding doors =
Belt =
Before he had time enough to react to his conclusion, the audience erupted into a sudden array of applause, cheering and whooping. The apprentice visibility flinched from the auditory intrusion, wincing from the unprecedented approval.
Anthea clenched her jaw, unsure of how to respond. The man looked haggard: he was sporting a messy stubble and his greasy dark curls had been pulled back into a bun. She then realised their visitor had been holding out his hat to which she shot a glare at the servants behind him, angrily snapping her fingers. Molly took it upon herself to be the one to step forwards, attempting to carefully balance their guest’s sack of belongings under one arm as she reached out to take their visitor’s hat. Molly made sure to bow simultaneously and avert her eyes.
John shuffled awkwardly down the cobbled street, trying his best to ignore all the staring and whispering from passersby. He wished the other man would slow down. Letting out a frustrated sigh, he conceded defeat. “Sher-Sherlock?”
Pipe =
“Marvellous!” The woman threw her hands upwards to accentuate her excitement. She spun around to head back into her House. “Come come, my darlings. We have much catching up to do.” She cast a wink over her shoulder at Sherlock as she made her way inside.
Geisha pillow =
Robe =
But his thoughts were tossed aside when a group of
Parasol =
John felt at a loss as to what he should do when suddenly a thought shot through his mind:
"Precisely."
Fan =
Straw hat =
Mycroft rose an eyebrow, “I see…”.  He snapped out of his stiff stance, his face lacking its previous intensity. “Well hurry up and make yourself presentable, please. I should like for you to spare my eyes the pain of having to look at such a mess of a man.” The man in the tub merely scoffed. “And that god awful stubble…”
Tea house =
He wished she didn’t call him that, but then again they were like family after all. He shifted out of Molly’s reach, rubbing his arm. “Yeah yeah visitor and all that. I got it.” And with that, he slid open the door, slipped out of his room and quickly disappeared down the narrow corridor, leaving behind a slightly frazzled-looking Molly.
“You want to give your prized apprentice to me?” Irene was leant casually back, her black and red
Paper lantern =
being slid open followed by two figures hurriedly making their way towards them. Firm hands pulled him upwards as he gurgled in protest from the involuntary movement. The blonde was so limp, he was totally unable to support the weight of his own head. Before it fell forwards to awkwardly hang from his neck, a familiar touch gently guided him to lean against a shoulder. As he did so, he recognised the smell of his teacher, resulting in an instinctive moan to escape from his lips. Said hand was now softly stroking his damp hair; he could just about make out a few distant shushing noises as well. Everything felt soft and warm, and John’s mind began to float in a happy haze. His thoughts were rudely interrupted by a sharp voice:
opposite to the one Sherlock had entered from. Kneeling back down again, she slid the door open. On the opposite side were three figures. John only recognised Lestrade who casually strolled in, the other two accompanying him following swiftly behind. His relaxed demeanour erased the previous intensity of the room as he spoke.
everywhere I go. Does it really come as such a surprise that I might have an insight as to the whereabouts of your sister?"
Japanese skewered sweets =
It was always in the small hours of the morning that John would be stirred from his slumber by the faint smell of tobacco. The two men had fallen into a regular routine of sitting on the porch together at night to admire the stars. And of course, the blonde would always provide them with their tea. Despite the regular interruptions of John’s sleep patterns, he much preferred this to his repeated night terrors. Although he still dreamt of his sister, they were becoming less frequent these days. His constant fears were being soothed away by Sherlock’s stern yet nurturing attitude. John had been able to find some kind of solace in their partnership and it suited him just fine.
John purses his lips. "What would be the point Sherlock? We're old. We've wasted all of our young years."
What does he know of the fungus?
Staying with Sherlock is like watering plastic plants. A pointless endeavor.
"Oh. That. Actually, could you come in here, John?"
John huffs a laugh, "God, we're both idiots."
"Excuse me?" They say in unison.
"That's good." John finishes the eggs and puts them on two already fully loaded plates, sets the plates in front of each of them, and takes a seat. "I know you ate a lot at dinner last night, but you're probably still hungry from yesterday and your metabolism has increased in general."
He drops the tail and brings his hands shakily up to his hair and scalp.
Lastly, he had no sense of personal boundaries and that's the part that was really driving John mad. Cold and aloof, the detective would come and plop his head down in John's lap while he was on the couch and expect John to stroke his hair and give him scratches behind his cat ears. (Which John always did, but it was the principle of the matter.)
"I only got involved with Mary because at first I needed to get over you and after you came back I wanted to hurt you for hurting me. If anything I'm the one who has taken everything you've loved.
They have so much to discuss and so much to work through, but here like this Sherlock knows.
He brings his hands up and gently probes at his new cat ears.
Sherlock looks at John expectantly.
He treks into the woods. He's headed to a spot deep in: a small pool of water that sits year around. In the summer it's a lovely place to dip his feet and sit among the wildflowers. He's never been in winter. He expects it'll be near frozen. There have been several frosts, and a couple of flurry storms, but nothing stuck.
"What are we doing here?"
And still he's cold all the time. Cold with or without a fire in the hearth. Cold in the sunlight. Cold in the summer.
"I believe I am."
"I can hear you thinking and, yes, I'm rather exhausted at this point too. Shall we head to bed? We can continue this in the morning?"
He can see his limbs moving, even feel them, but he is very distinctly
John can feel that they're slowly moving towards each other. They're almost close enough to kiss.
Sherlock clutched his arm where the cat had scratched him. It had left five neat marks on his arm. He grimaced, but determined they would be fine.
He's a fool if there ever was one to not appreciate what he had sooner. But that's done and gone and they're here now.
"That's a silly wish."
Sherlock's purr intensified, but that was the only confirmation John got that Sherlock would like that very much indeed.
He hears a noise at the bottom of the stairs.
He can stay awake for days on end, but eventually they catch up with him. Eventually his body betrays him and locks him away for hours inside his mind. He passes out and is forced to relive those months at the hands of others.
"But that doesn't matter now, because now we have each other in our arms and we both know how the other feels."
Sherlock tilts his head at John's statement, "I'm not wanking. I was
"This coffee is awful John."
Out of all the possible reactions he foresaw John having, this one is unprecedented. Somehow his mind could not fathom this single act of kindness.
The cat looks him in the eye, lifts her leg over head, and cleans the back of her thigh before responding, "Late 1800s, Victorian England and all that. Sherlock brought me home after you left him."
"Because I didn't think it was possible for you to be even more beautiful than you are, but that blush does it. It makes me want to kiss you. Can I kiss you?"
Sherlock thinks himself crazy, but John knows that's only by the world's standards. By John's standards, he's the most rational person he's ever met.
He thinks it as he slips a simple platinum band over the third finger of Sherlock's left hand and again as Sherlock slips a matching ring on his finger.
He never noticed the change in Sherlock's breathing.
No, he could never leave this man.
They are together.
An answer to a prayer he hadn't known he'd made. John's lips meet Sherlock's and he's shocked at how soft they are, cool and dry beneath his.
John snaps out of his lustful haze for a moment. "You had more of vial 35 without me here? What would have happened if you'd had an adverse reaction? Jesus, Sherlock. You can't just take weird liquids and down them without someone watching you."
Sherlock gives a dismissive wave. "Once I've had some practice and experience with my new… me," he gestures vaguely to his whole self, "I should be able to return to more or less how I normally was."
"No, it's not. I'm also here and sometimes I would like it if you respected the fact that I'm another human being living in the same flat as you."
John can't tell if she's being sarcastic or not so opts to not respond.
And John beams love like a radiant sun, the warmth of his expression touching Sherlock's soul, reassuring him.
The fungus enters them into the kitchen. John turns to greet them.
Specifically, John is staring at Sherlock's rather generous cleavage and the cherry red bra clearly holding his breasts under his white blouse.
Stupid, awful timing. John came downstairs to get water and must have heard him having his nightmare.
"If you're willing."
The meal is easy and when they finish John makes them both more tea since they never really got to drink it earlier. They stay at the kitchen table and simply exist with each other for a while. After half of John's tea is gone he clears his throat.
It's everything he's ever wished for. Hoped for.
John can feel the breath of Sherlock's question across his face. His gaze drifts down to Sherlock's lips and then slowly back up to his eyes.
After breakfast they move to the living room, take their respective seats, and John takes a deep breath before beginning.
Sherlock's body arches and he can see in the dresser mirror.
John purses his lips and looks up at Sherlock. "No. Not a hallucination. This is very much real."
John looks over at Sherlock's feet, but doesn't let his gaze travel any higher. "No. Not yet at any rate."
Because it would happen. John would want kids and he would leave Sherlock to have them. So the solution was obvious, Sherlock needed to find some way to have John's child. Adoption was out as there was no way any government agency wouldn't be appalled by their life and its constant dangers.
Mycroft tips his head, "I'll contact you later Sherlock."
"Would you know?"
John lets go of Sherlock's hand and gets up from the booth. It kills Sherlock to drive John away, but it's for the best.
Sherlock is quick to comply and comes inside. John shuts the door behind him to stop the cold from sucking out all the warmth of the room.
"Sorry doesn't fix anything now John. You're dead and I'm dying." Sherlock let's out a sigh and visibly deflates, the anger leaving him as suddenly as it came. "We're a mess aren't we?"
"The husband described his wife as quicker to fight after the change. So that bit sounds like it's partly down to character...I'm surprised it's not fight for you too."
"Well? What do you think happened to me? I've never heard of anything like this before."
"Well, bully for you!" And with that he slams the front door to 221B and heads out into the cold slushy snow.
"Then what incentive is there for us to try again? Can't we just be here, together?"
"Ah. So you just felt like arriving unannounced at your sister's and imposing yourself?"
The fire is warm as the heat of the flames brushes against their skin.
John looks down at his smaller hands in Sherlock's larger ones. He grips Sherlock's hands tightly and looks up into Sherlock's face, meets Sherlock's eyes with his own moist ones, and watches as Sherlock gives him the biggest smile he's ever seen before whispering, "Thank you."
John could feel his face turn hot and red, "You absolute wanker. You absolute. Fucking wanker. God, I actually fucking hate you sometimes." John steps to the door and aggressively puts on his coat and shoes.
He doesn't love John that way.
"Get up you idiot."
"Well John? All these years you've supposedly been stalking me and you still can't just reach out? That was always your problem. You always were more concerned about how people perceived you rather then just simply accepting yourself.
"Because after you left, I actually reflected on what I'd said and how you reacted and then I contemplated my own reactions to you. I then looked at the greater scheme of things and what we are to each and realized that I would actually like to pursue a relationship with you and I already know you would be amenable to it and once I reached that conclusion obviously I had to inform you of it as well."
He knocks and Bethany answers. She takes one look at John, makes a cooing noise, and ushers him in.
He treks for the better part of an hour. The woods are deathly silent. He feels it's almost a travesty to disturb the stillness. How horrible that man wasn't designed to be stealthy and unobtrusive? Instead he's crashing through the underbrush.
The sea is unnaturally calm. Flat as a mirror.
"Are you okay?"
John strokes the base of Sherlock's tail and Sherlock begins thrusting harder and more erratically, sliding slickly with precum and sweat.
God, he loves this man.
They lean in together and it feels like a revelation.
After a while John's knees begin to hurt and he shifts and they both separate slightly; John to lean back on his calves and Sherlock to lean back slightly in his chair. They don't let go of each other though, their hands are clasped once again.
"But, you-"
They look into each other's eyes and Sherlock can feel the tension draining out of him as the warmth of John's palm soaks into him with every gentle caress of his thumb. "Sherlock. You know that I love you right?"
John makes an involuntary gasp. He just isn't used to compliments like that. There was a time when he was younger that he may have received a 'handsome', but that was a long time ago and certainly no one ever told him he was beautiful.
He feels relief.
As the ceremony ends and everyone cheers.
"Don't worry, Sherlock. We'll make it through this."
"Every single officer staring at my breasts right now is liable for sexual harassment." Sherlock suddenly announces without looking up from what he's doing.
"Now that we've kissed and made up quite literally, let's get some sleep. It's still early and I'm tired."
But he can avoid them.
John walks over to his chair and plops down.
Sherlock watches as John settles into a more serious mood, his face reflecting his concern.
His head.
John levels his gaze at him, "I can think of a few reasons to be concerned. Cats carry more than just rabies, Sherlock."
"Yeah, but the jingle is catchy."
"To practice, of course. I can't learn to use my new appendages or develop new skills if I'm cooped up in the flat. I'll just throw my coat and that damnable Deerstalker on and we'll go to a secluded place I know. I'll be able to work on myself and you'll be there to help me." Sherlock could feel himself beaming, his ears perking towards John and his tail wrapping around his own shoulders caressing himself. He couldn't figure out why his plan was making him so darn happy, though. It was just exercising under John's watchful eye.
"Well that's fucking stupid."
"Well, not consciously. I mean looking back on it," John leans back in his chair and scratches at his chin idly, avoiding eye contact with Sherlock, "I suppose I was attracted to you, physically. You've always been handsome to me. Beautiful even, sometimes. But, that night, I hadn't been saved by you yet. Going along with you, to a crime scene and then dinner, at that point, it was all still a bit of a lark to me. So, no, really, I hadn't been asking you out."
"Oh well, if it's the rules."
Sherlock blinks at him and makes a small frown with his mouth, confusion clearly painting his features, "Why do I love you? Because..." Sherlock's eyes look around the room like he'll find the answer written on the walls. He does that a moment and then locks eyes on John again, "Because I do. Because of everything you...are. To me."
John smiles at the sight and Sherlock smiles back at him.
Sherlock gives a small smile, "I believe we were at the part where you come over here so I can snog you senseless."
John's own Foodsense is mediocre at best, on par with the majority of the population.
John cracks open one eye to see Bethany standing in her Pjs, smartphone in hand, clicking photos of him and Sherlock together on the couch.
His grief was real, even if Sherlock's death was not.
"I said, 'I love you.'"
"That was the most shameless ask I've ever heard." John started gently stroking Sherlock's tail again.
John purses his lips but doesn't comment. "Ok. Do you have any idea at all what may have caused this?"
"John. Is there a reason you keep staring over at me? You've been doing it the better part of the afternoon."
He feels Sherlock's hands encircle around his torso to his back and clasp behind him. Sherlock's face is pressed to the side of his head and he can feel little puffs of breath tickling his ear.
Clearly something was in the pods. They're empty now.
Sherlock freezes looking guilty as anything, his newest appendages reflecting a sense of contriteness as they curl and press into him.
Sherlock dawdles a moment and listens to the sounds of John rustling through their menu drawer for something to order; then realizes that he can
"That's. That's very good." Sherlock blushes again. "I also realised I wanted all the affections that come with it."
Rosie continues like she had the word all along. "He was a wizard. He didn't listen and he got in trouble. Ok. I'm done. You can put me down now daddy."
John nods slowly. "Yeah. Usual place. I'll go get a head start."
John stares, blinks, then-
Harry and Bethany give a laugh and help John pick up the living room while Sherlock puts his coat on and takes a seat to wait for John. They're quick and soon they're on their way out the door. They say their goodbyes and just before they get in the cab they called, Harry calls out from the front door, "Go get'em tiger!"
"John.
He's all but ceases breathing as John coaxes him to turn over facing away and then proceeds to wrap his arms around him.
Sherlock's mind is becoming foggy with pleasure, but he still feels a sick dread within himself because he knows this is the end.
"Why would I move out?"
He's gone crazy. But crazy people don't know they're crazy.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, "Really?"
"I'm willing. I'm just...," John gestures vaguely with his hands, "scared, I guess."
Sherlock steps over to join in the placing of the star on their Christmas tree. He leans in close and places an arm behind Rosie resting on John's back.
He does not want this.
"Because I'll always be Papa Sherlock's friend just like you daddy."
************
"Mrs. Hudson said that if she ever saw you kissing she would yell 'about time'."
"Hello John." He says neutrally. He can barely breathe, but for John he will pretend.
Ah. That explains his dark look a moment earlier. A lover's spat. It was probably a bit much for John to hope Sherlock breaks up with Mycroft.
Both men again are startled by Rosie's outburst.
John doesn't answer, he just makes a questioning sound. A noise between a hum and breath that says, 'I would never, but what do you mean?'
John feels like his heart could break at the utter uncertainty in Sherlock's statement, that he could even
John's inner voice turning the memory up for John to say.
It's some type of fungus.
Sherlock takes a seat, "Yes, though definitely better than the day before."
John smiles at Sherlock, "Want to know what I wished for for Christmas?"
"Yes. You did hurt me, but I hurt you as well. Neither of us are free of culpability. But, I swear, even if it takes me the rest of my life, I will show you that I can love you and that I do. You never meant for the awful things we've experienced to happen and intent is everything, Sherlock. You are the best man I've ever known and, I know you don't think this, but you are also one of the kindest."
John's eyes are closed as he pulls back from Sherlock's face. He feels like his heart is cracking open as it beats an erratic tattoo against his ribs. The kiss was so sweet, so tender, he feels his face tighten as if he's eaten a sour candy.
Sherlock is pointedly looking away from him. "I understand if you'll be moving out now."
"Why did you never tell me sooner?"
He clears his throat, clogged with sentiment as it is. He knows that this is the most he'll ever get with Sherlock. Sherlock doesn't do relationships. Oh, sure he loves and can be so soft, but it's not a romantic sort of love. It's just platonic or familial.
The fungus moves his body and stands them up. It divests them of the clothes they're wearing and struts out of Sherlock's bedroom naked.
Then he tries to rehydrate the second sample with blood given that it had been in a human body. It's
"Yes. Wholeheartedly."
Stupid.
Rosie comes into the room. She takes Sherlock's hand and John's and puts them together. "When people say 'I love you' you have to kiss them."
"Look, Sherlock. I understand if you don't feel the same anymore. If you'd rather be rid of me. I-"
And with that Sherlock flips John over and as promised begins to thrust in and out of John quickly and roughly. His rythym is erratic but his pace is constant.
John thinks about the two of them standing there. Red faced from blushing, absolutely ecstatic at the turn of events, and completely ridiculously in love. So much so he's gone completely stupid with it.
They stare at each other for a long moment before John clears his throat, "So, let's go over the medical facts first. How are you feeling? What other symptoms are you experiencing...besides the obvious?"
In many ways he now hates getting up in the morning. He hates leaving the sleep warm covers and soft skin of a lover for the brisk coolness of the day. He'd much rather stay under the covers, tracing soft skin with his fingers, loving the delicate slow spin of time as he lives in the moment.
"Obviously not John. I'll wear my coat. It's cold outside."
John is looking at him like he is the greatest wonder. His eyes are soft and he smiles gently, his lips slightly parted, revealing his joy at kissing Sherlock.
He continues like this for literal months.
And John is wholly lost.
He's wants the baby out of him, so he rolls onto his front onto his hands and knees. His legs are spread and he pushes himself into squatting position. The change is nearly immediate as gravity begins to help. The baby presses hard against his opening and begins to finally slip out. Sherlock bears down as hard as he can and begins to stroke his renewed erection, hoping an orgasm will help as it did with the first one.
John smiles to himself as Sherlock stirs, but doesn't wake, and grips John with his hand right over John's heart. John focuses on where they're pressed together. He can feel Sherlock's heartbeat against his back where he's pressed to Sherlock's chest.
"Because you said you were married to your work and disdain anything romantic."
John jumps up and follows him. Bybthe time he gets out of the room Sherlock is down the hall and waiting for the elevator.
"And the scientific papers?"
"I'm sorry, but you're a cat. Cats don't talk."
"What, Sherlock?" John had meant for his voice to come out sharply, instead it comes out wearily.
John opens the slider and whisper yells at him, "Sherlock! Get in here."
John sets Rosie down on the ground. "Ah well I suppose you're right then. If you have to get Princess Elsa ready for dinner." He gives her one more kiss on her forehead.
His whole career depends on his ability to convince others of what he sees. To lie to suspects and victims alike to find the solution to the mystery du jour; his
— Afeganistan, it's already been three years — I realise it's a delicate subject so I don't make any questions. The silence seems to bother him, he clears his throat, looking nervous — And what do you want to do when you're grown, young lady?
— What was her name? — John feels his chest tighten thinking about it, it a difficult, specially for a child who as left almost completely alone, the loving uncle stopped being there, the grandparents too, it was easy to believe herself abandoned in such a situation.
― You can call him the way you want, but my uncle is not answering his phone today, he wouldn't answer the Prime Minister today. He told me that this morning. — He probably knew that I was going to screew something up today.
The apparent always sweet with everyone Ian was as broken as me. I shake my head, uncle Myke always say that calling myself broken was ridiculous, I'm not a toy or something, normally I desagree, but looking at my teacher I know he was right, a hurt person is not a broke toy.
Sherlock is laid on the sofa dressed in his pijamas, both foot on the wall and head placed on the floor, looking just like a child, thinking. The blue eyes open to Mycroft, examining his brother, the tension, the smell of cigarettes, and the hand holding strongly Louise.
Part of me knows I should just pretend that I've didn't say anything and keep up with my life's but I can't bare the curiosity.
Watch the murder of someone you love make you wish profundly die with them, losing my mother did it to me, but, manly, losing Someone so important made me put value on others lives. I could be in a place so safe while so many people die around me.
I had a lot to do on that afternoon. Private accounts to violate, information to gather, violoncello to play and a lot to study. If I put effort on doing everything I need, the day would come to be perfect.
Sebastian even managed to ignore the insistant pain on the not healed enjury, the adrenaline runs through his body in the chace, John Watson right after him. The Colonel wasn't going to lie, he didn't expected to get cough on a running through London, but he wasn't complaining, now he could see who has the best military man: Sherlock or James.
