The boy has spent the whole week thinking and he's come to conclusion that he's indeed in love with the billionaire. The question is did Steve really said it or it was just a beautiful dream? Should he ask or pretend he doesn't care?
He counts the hours till the end of the day when he'll be able to go meet the teen. When finally, finally, he finishes his work he runs to his car without any words and drives to the cafe.
When he was little he used to live in the same house with his parents although they weren't always there. Even when they were though it wasn't like he really talked to them. He had a personal butler and a couple of maids to take care of him so his parents didn't have to check on him.
"No... "
He runs to the door but then stops and decides to leave a note to explain as to why he didn't stay for breakfast.
It's kinda scary. Specially for Steve who has spent his entire life caring only for himself. Sure he loved Bucky but not like this. This is new, different.
He brings the drinks to the men. The blond just takes a long sip and observes the teen. The brunet nods a thank you. They pay him the latter makes sure to give a generous tip and Tony goes back to the counter. Half an hour later the two men leave.
We walk in and I realize that I don't even know his name. "Oh btw what's your name? " " I...ugh... I am Tony" He says hesitantly. " I am Steve" I tell him " I am going to the bathroom for a second will you be okay? " I ask. "Yeah sure".
"I don't know. Tony why don't you tell us? "
"Want ice cream? " Tony asks as soon as his feet touch the ground.
The soldier couldn't do anything but nod his head mortified.
"We're having a family dinner tonight so they'll be there. For now make yourself comfortable."
That's the moment Steve chooses to get in and stop them. He sees Tony face to face with an old bold man. They're apparently both angry and it seems like they just started.
"Good morning my boy! " Obadiah greets him bringing him back to reality.
The idea for My poor genius came to me because it's exactly the type of fiction I like to read and I thought there aren't enough out there.
" Oh about that... I'm not coming today. "
"Ok... Why? "
As he's ready to get in the car again and drive away he hears loud voices from the workshop and recognizes Tony's.
The moment he sees him his smile grows. Tony gets in and leans to kiss his cheek.
She nods in approval " I was planning on going by to make sure he's alright but in this case I think I can depend on you ? "
"Good afternoon! What can I bring you? " The waitress comes to take their orders.
"So you found your way huh? What happened? Punk you were supposed to be here an hour an' a half ago!"
Look at me finally updating! I'm so sorry it took me so long. Quarantine kills my inspiration. Anyway I hope you're all safe and well and thank you for reading!
The redhead gets over the sock first and asks "okay and the second time was today? What happened? "
-This night-
Howard was looking at him in shock like he'd seen a ghost. To be honest this was exactly what it looked like.
"Sir the Captain's been dead for ages I have to ask you to leave the premises. "
"I'm all yours, I've got no control".
"So are you seeing him again or what? "the other boy asks.
Steve doesn't know how to response to this so he just nods.
"But how? I won't make enough money to keep my apartment I will end up in the streets again" Tony says desperation clear in his voice.
"Your teacher informed me you skipped history today" He says angrily. I don't answer. "Why you skipped history?" He asks. When I don't answer again he push me in the wall. "Answer my fucking question" He screams.
Then Tony starts talking. "When I was a child and got sick my mother would take the day off from work and stay with me. She would cook and we would eat together and then she would sit next to my bed and sing in Italian or tell me a story. I wish I had learn Italian it was her native language. We spent the day like this and then my father would come back from work and sit with us and listen my mother talk for anything and everything and we would fall asleep cuddling like that. It was comforting. I really miss them... "
"Still I'm gonna need your name and the reason of your visit. " The guard protested.
After leaving the workshop early Tony has some time before his shift in the cafe starts. He walks around the streets trying to sort out his thoughts.
Tony was 11 when his happy life came to an end. He was alone at home when the phone rang and he was told his parents died in a car accident.
"Don't do that I feel terrible for my behavior that day"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh stop that I'm blushing"
"Ha! So you did  got yourself a sugar daddy!"
He took a deep calming breath and started.
"Forget it."
" Red or gold. You know what both. Also if you want you can keep playing but I found what I'll call you. "
He thought maybe Tony had gotten the tattoo in order to protect his soulmate since the Starks were so famous and already Tony would have had been held ransom twice before he turned fifteen and got his mark. He also wondered if Tony might have had to deal with people claiming to be his soulmate just to get something from him, the way some other beautiful celebrities do these days.
“I told him he could, but I guess I should be more clear,” Steve said to Bruce, then turned to Bucky, “Do you know how to turn the shower on?” he asked, “It’s kind of confusing,” he admitted with a smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
He especially kept his eyes from getting stuck on the inky black of the soulmark resting over her heart and on full display to the jet. Something that was even more taboo in Steve’s day than a woman stripping down to her bra and panties in a room full of men.
Bucky’s mouth twitched into the beginnings of a smile, he flicked some water at Steve, who laughed harder.
They were
Tony hesitated, then made the mistake of looking at Steve, who gave those big, bright puppy-dog eyes and Tony was sighing, crawling over Steve to slip into bed too.
On his lips.
That perfectly balanced, perfectly curved piece of metal. Symbolic of freedom. Symbolic of a country, and values, and a time that doesn’t exist to anyone except the star spangled man who wields it.
At least Steve hadn’t left right away, on that first occasion. No, Steve had stayed for a few good weeks of bickering before be left and spent a few good months with Natasha in DC and when they got back, for once Tony had actually thought Steve might have had something to over-compensate for, but he didn’t say anything because Sam was a useful ally even if Steve had brought him home from a park.
Bucky, or even purposefully
“Adorable,” Steve mumbled, rolling his eyes, because if Tony did that, it meant something entirely different.
Sure, Tony had instincts that made him attracted to a certain type of man, and sure, Tony was controlling and cold and distant and had next to no pleasant social skills of his own and he had to piggy-back off of Pepper (and then Steve) like alpha’s usually did around people he couldn’t boss around. And sure, Tony was a natural protector and sure, he went into rut sometimes, but it didn’t matter much to him.
“You know what they say, blessed with a curse, and all that” Tony tells him, and Steve is pretty sure that sounds right.
That was not something Steve’s 1940’s sensibilities knew how to handle, not after seeing mutilated soulmarks of same-sex bondpairs in concentration camps throughout the war.
So, at first, Steve was frustrated when Tony, the only other of the team to get coated in slime during their latest mission, tried to slink out of decontamination. Though that only lasted a second before Steve recalled a real reason why Tony might put up a fuss about the decontamination shower.
love with Steve and probably always would be. There was no one he would rather be with, and that was fact.
Bucky took a breath, shallow, but deeper than the sharp inhales he had been taking.
In him.
Tony doesn’t expect Steve to come find him for anything more than sitting on opposite ends of the sofa.
He models the upper half of the suit after Steve’s brown leather jacket from the war. The one he has tried to replace several times in the twenty-first century.
He was in a sour mood when he got home, slinking through the hallways to avoid running into anyone else. He took to the vents, avoided even Jarvis in his route to get back to the penthouse. He wanted to lock himself in his room and throw his pillow at the wall for a while. That usually made him feel better.
Tony’s forced smile relaxes minutely, until he almost looks like he’s smiling for real, just a small sad thing.
Tony has a fleeting thought when Steve gags and coughs and chokes himself over and over, that Steve has never done this before.
Steve found it hard to believe someone as down to earth and kind as Tony was most of the time, could seriously believe such things about soulmates.
Bucky just hummed, not bothering to deny it as he settled back in for sleep.
Especially when Steve forgot about being an alpha from time to time.
Steve understood why Tony tried so hard not to care now.
Until Steve brought him back to New York, to America. To the tower he lived in with his new team, and his new boyfriend.
He should have made sure Tony was ready, that whatever was driving that restless leg at the dinner table wasn’t going to get in the way of the battle.
popsicles.
It wasn’t Steve who had made the noise, he noticed a second later, when Jarvis popped up a message on his screen.
Steve wanted so much.
Because what was stopping them from being together? Steve’s alpha aggression.
Steve had worked his jaw. A tell, as was the way his scent changed. He had been about to lie so Tony stopped him.
. Bucky didn’t like flirting unless it was Tony doing it. He wasn’t sure why.
He didn’t even
” he cried, miserable.
Why Steve opened the box. Why Steve took the ring out. Placed it on his own finger.
Having thought about it, he was reasonably sure that is exactly what it was.
Steve never runs away from a fight.
Tony really needs to hang on to those things. The realness of Steve when he does what’s been begged of him.
later. A full nine and a half hours later and with Steve’s hand in his hair, gently petting him, twirling his figure through the soft strands.
Tony took the opportunity to lean across the bed and give Steve a quick kiss and a fake smile, then was moving to the door.
“I know Steve,” Tony interrupts, though his tone is soft.
Bucky had a pinched expression, the kind he wore when he wanted to talk but couldn’t get the words out.
Tony knows he’s out of line providing this kind of protection to an omega that wasn’t his. Steve knows it too. Barnes knows it, if the way he glares at Tony is anything to go off. Nat knows it too, but she smirks instead.
The smut got away from me. This must be the longest chapter so far. oops.
Steve didn’t ask Tony to leave either, on account for that look and the way Tony’s hands where clenched in fists under the table.
“Obviously, how else am I going to sneak a peak at the goods,” Tony winks on his way by.
He comes to New York alone the next time it comes up. There’s more romance in a few days long distance than in separate hotels rooms.
“With not gettin’ it up?” he asked and at Steve’s nod, agreed, “Yeah, ain’t like I got anywhere to stick it,” he said, crudely.
Watched Steve stick an ice-cube down the back of Barnes’s shirt and get tossed over the shoulder of the Winter Soldier and spun around until he couldn’t walk straight laughing the whole time.
Bucky stumbled back when the door slid open, then he looked imploringly up at Tony.
This was Steve exposing the paleness of his skin.
Demanding and persistent, now with glowing blue eyes to reflect it.
He thought about Bucky. About the version of Bucky that was soft and gentle, a little non-verbal, who sucked his thumb and demanded pink or rainbow popsicles and not any other kind. The version of Bucky that cried, and sought physical comfort in a way he didn’t allow at any other time. The version of Bucky that Steve said was new, but not exactly out of left field either. The version of Bucky that lit up at the name ‘princess’ or blushed at ‘baby doll’ and who looked at Tony and Steve like they hung the moon and stars.
“I had him,” Steve spits.
When Steve shares his new, slightly more pessimistic view on soulmates, Natasha looks immediately to Tony as if he alone is responsible.
. But he knew they would never work. They were both alphas. So, Tony always tried so hard to keep himself in line, and for the most part it worked.
Least of all to be forgotten will be the sound of Tony’s voice when he finally lets slip the one word neither of them have dared to say aloud in all the months that equated to years that they have been living together, and spending hormone cycles together, and touching, and scenting, and acknowledging the symptoms without the cause.
It still steals the air from his lungs, just as Tony likely planned.
But Tony handles Steve beautifully in this reality.
, he’d fallen asleep.
Steve can see that defensiveness that Tony tries to hide now though, “When I was a kid,” Steve says, “I was sick,” he admits softly, “Really sick, all the time,” he recalls and he thinks Tony knows just how sick he means, how close Steve was to death all the god damn time, “and small” he adds with a self-deprecating chuckle, “I liked the idea that someone out there would love me anyway, if I met them, for however long I had with them,” he says to Tony, “You could say I kind of had to,” he finsihes with a sad smile of his own.
Steve hasn’t been in denial. He’s known since Dr. Cho broke the news that Tony… That this is life now.
“Shield’s been vetting all the people who have been claiming it’s them,” Steve says to Tony later that night on the balcony. It’s still far too cold to be enjoyable, hence why they find themselves alone, “Said they’d call if anything comes up,” he tells him.
It’s fitting, Steve thought.
“You alright?” Tony asked once in simpler times.
Thinking about the kind of soulmate Tony might have had.
“Jarvis? What did Bucky have in his mouth?” He asked.
Tony started to think it was all meaningless in the face of Steve Rogers.
Steve would file that away too, if he hadn’t already known.
In the bird’s claws is an hourglass, and maybe the most revealing part of the entire tattoo. Steve isn’t sure how Shield never noticed it before, but then again, Shield tends to wear a certain colour glasses when it comes to Tony Stark, and that shade isn’t in pink. The hourglass is clutched in both feet, hangs horizontal in the air. The glass in cracked and broken where the claws have pierced through. No sand escapes through the cracks, and no sand is exchanged between the bowls of the hourglass either. Just two separate heaps of sand, never touching.
Fills Steve with his own beauty.
He keeps asking himself that: What’s the difference?
“He didn’t just die before we met,” Tony says, voice flat and smooth despite the harsh alcohol that should burn his throat, “Did I mention that before?” he laughs humourlessly, “He died before I was
Bucky looked quizzically at Clint, “Yes?” he replied. It was obviously over between Steve and Bucky, and he more than approved of Tony. “Tony and Steve are great together,” Bucky added.
He leaves softer pain on Tony’s skin, feels the scars that he carries under his teeth.
With each day, Bucky became more and more of a
He settled to stumble back and grab blindly for the hatch release of the quinjet and jump off the plane.
“Baby, you look like shit,” Tony mumbles, barely able to sit up, voice raspy and rough from six months of silence and feeding tubes and oxygens masks.
But in his defense, it did take two to tango.
Just once.
Tony loved Steve, was
For the life of him, Tony cannot fathom why he still tries.
Steve knew he’d be in trouble once Bucky was stable, but he’d cross that bridge when he got there.
Steve’s heart dropped. He stilled completely, “Bucky,” Steve whispered, “it’s okay, it’s just me, just Steve” he assured, “I’m not going to hurt you, princess” he tried.
“It’s hard to change your thinking, isn’t it? Even when you know it’ll be a better situation all around if you could just change the way you think about it,” Tony says, sufficiently enjoying his smoke and leaning into philosophy, “Thinking doesn’t really change at a compatible speed to the situation,” he tells the skyline, “Harder to stop caring when you’ve cared too long,” he says to Steve with a nod in his direction.
And lets words fall from his lips when he’s alone in his room, in his bed. Words that should be damning, but instead feel the opposite.
In a way, Tony… understood Bucky and his all or nothing behaviour.
Steve laughs, “No, no you’re right,” he grins but if falls from his face a moment later when he goes on, “I keep thinking about whoever my soulmate was,” he’s looking into the fire and blaming the heat for the way his eyes sting, “How their thinking must have had to be similar to yours,” he can’t really look at Tony, but goes on, “I hope it was,” he admits. “My mark wasn’t added to the public databases,” he says, “They must have thought I didn’t want them, we never met,” he mumbles but then he glances at Tony, “I hope they learned that soulmates aren’t everything” a pause, “I hope they still let themselves be happy” he finishes.
It’s not a deep claiming bite a mate would leave. Lacks the width and raised characteristics of an Alpha’s mating bite.
Steve presses a kiss to Tony’s forehead and slips the ring onto his own finger fighting back tears.
A part of him felt he shouldn’t trust so easily, not after Hydra… but the reality was, Hydra never broke his trust. That wasn’t an issue he had, though he had plenty of others. He could and still did, trust Hydra to be exactly the way they showed him that they were. He trusted Hydra and his handler’s to be cruel, sure, but it was still trust, both earned and conditioned.
The thought gets lost to everything else though.
He eventually lays down across the length of the sofa, slyly placing his feet in Tony’s lap.
There was really only so much to be done when it comes to Steve Rogers though. Only so much one can handle.
Tags are getting adding as I go, so be aware of that please! Always good to check in case something gets added later you weren't expecting.
It’s been weeks but there’s been no work for Steve out this way and he has grievance days that won’t do him any good in his DC shoebox apartment.
It was such a good sleep that Bucky couldn’t seem to find rest the same way he used to, and he found he could only really sleep now if he knew Steve was there with him and he could put his thumb in his mouth. It meant going from about eighty minutes a day of fitful twenty-minute increments of sleep under the table, to forty minutes of un-interrupted and deep, nearly REM sleep on the couch.
Bucky lied.
Bucky whimpered, loudly. More of a high-pitched whine, really. Something hurt and confused like when you step on your dog’s tail by mistake.
Tony gets up, gets his coffee, goes to the couch in the common room.
with him, but that didn’t change how he felt about Tony—not even a little. In fact, Tony caring for Bucky made him love his genius even more.
Somehow, in that time, Tony had done s
Cuts Steve in a way that will never heal. Steve has to wonder if the wounds he feels from Tony aren’t just self inflicted. Maybe Tony just picked the scabs instead of dealing the damage himself.
Tony does not care much for Sharon Carter.
He almost kills them both, but Bucky can hold his breath even longer than Steve, apparently. Or maybe he just remembered to drag air into his lungs before diving into the river.
He ends up with a cup of peppermint tea in his hand instead.
When they’re both giggling their asses off on the balcony, Steve feels lighter than he has in months. Peggy’s death doesn’t hang over him so much when he has Tony nearby.
“I suppose,” Steve says, and he’s not pouting per say, but he might be pouting.
It’s been two months and the medical staff ask if Steve would prefer that they move Tony out of the hospital and into a room in their house. So that Steve can be closer to Tony. Like he hasn’t spent nearly every night in a chair at Tony’s side anyway. Like the hospital isn’t an elevator ride away.
Predictably, he shook his head no.
Tony probably got the news from Jarvis, Steve knows, or even the colours of his uniform giving it away in the grainy photo, but that isn’t what Tony answers.
“I could have been out and back for all you two would know,” Steve said.
Not when the haze had cleared and the body occupying the Captain America suit had not been the same one there a moment ago.
Sometime in the last month, Steve has forgotten that he is Captain America. The pretense has dropped so completely and thoroughly.
To clarify, it's late August or September in the fic now. The winter holidays will be among our boys in a few more chapters!
“No,” Tony said, “I never showed anyone,” he says and then grins, “My father lost his mind over the ink,” Tony says, “I really thought he was going to kill me,” he laughs, “When I came home that summer from boarding, you know, my parents were all excited, couldn’t wait to see it, all that family stuff, coming of age, whatever,” he shakes his head, “I thought my mother was going to faint,” he tell Steve, “Jarvis was sure it was fake for a solid year before he realized,” he sighed like the memory was happy though, and Steve thinks that for Tony that sounds about right.
“Steve…” he whispers, wide eyed.
His therapist said it was less good that he wanted to form a dependence on people, but that recognizing he had a choice in whether he wanted to be dependent or independent was a good thing. As long as Bucky was choosing this, and not feeling like he needed to be, or worse, forgetting that he didn’t need to be, it was okay to want Tony to feed him his popsicles, and for Steve to mix his protein drinks for him.
I know that I do. I know it for a while. I know that he's not stable and I may end up hurt but I can't help it. I love him.
I can't say I am not used to this. It happens almost every day. Everyone in this school believes that I am a spoil rich boy who has everything he wants. Okay I understand their thoughts but no one ever tried to get to know me they just assume.
I am not even sure if he's forget the idea of suicide but I know that I'll do anything to prevent it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Of course always"
"Shut up you dumbass I've only met the guy twice"
"Hey guys! I didn't expect you both here"
"Eh em" He clears his throat to let them know of his presence.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm not saying anything"
"Okay" Steve leans slowly and licks some ice cream from Tony's nose "let's go"
"Thank you" He answers.
They reached the bedroom without talking but as the finally sit alone in the room the silence got suffocating and Steve knew he had to explain.
"Okay you start"
"This guy worked in the workshop...you know the one who let me spend the night in his apartment that day... "
"Oh someone's excited! " Tony now seems very awake " I can help with this you know" He smirks already going down.
"Mr.Barnes I was just trying to explain to this boy that he can't see Mr. Rogers without an appointment. " The receptionist answers.
Natasha is the scariest person Tony's ever met. She's beautiful with her curly red hair and her green eyes but deadly. She notices everything and you can never know what she's thinking because of her perfect poker face. Clint notices a lot as well but he's not that scary simply due to his annoying habit of joking about everything.
Lots of love and tpwk
"It's because I'm gorgeous and a genius. "
The first part of the main story hope you like it
He reaches his destination and gets out of the car. That's when the nervousness hits him. Should he not have come this early? Tony wrote he can stop by if he wants right? Should he have brought flowers or chocolates or something? Does he smell nice?
They choose a table in the back of the store next to the window and order a pizza (Margherita if you wonder because no matter what it's the best!) and they start talking.
"Hey Nat? " Tony says "I was wondering if you can close tonight? "
"Ooh so it went well with the kid huh? "
They walk quietly back to the store. Tony can't stop thinking about his hair. Oh god his hair is probably full of grease and motor oil. Ugh and he's wearing his old dirty clothes. Why life has to be this way. Again how could he know that the most gorgeous man he's ever met who also happens to be one of the richest men in the world would want him to fix his car?
*POV* Tony
"Do you have an appointment? " The lady behind the desk asks him.
They go to the counter and Steve gets out his wallet with a raise eyebrow in question. " Oh right that has to be like 100$." Steve takes out 150$ " You keep the rest " " Oh thank you. " So... Tony you got a break or something? " " Actually I finished here I'll close and then walk to the cafe " "Okay what about going to grab something to eat with me and I drive you there? " " What you mean like now? " " Sure why not? "
"Oh... You can come in if you want but I'm indeed sick. "
I am shocked. I don't believe that the broken teenager that was ready to kill himself just two weeks ago was Anthony Edward Stark son of Howard Stark.
"Soup will settle your stomach. Make yourself comfortable and warm and I'll bring you some. "
"Can you just go away and pretend you didn't see me? " He asks me desperately.
S: Ok see ya soon xx.
"Yeah... I think you can" answered the genius smiling.
Despite all his insecurities the teen decided to risk it. There wasn't much he could do anyway since he quitted his job and had no way to pay his rent.
"It's not only that. If he's smart enough - and he is- he wouldn't want nothing to do with me. I was so rude to him the first time we met and now this... "
Steve takes out his phone and check his messages while Tony sits in a corner with a book and a notebook on his lap. A couple of hours pass like that when the blond decides to start a new conversation. He picks up his gaze from the screen only to see that the teen has fallen asleep. His eyes soften and he lifts softly the boy and put him on bed.
He woke up breathless the memories of the last few days haunting him in his dreams. They had won, yeah, but he didn't feel like a winner. Not without Tony, no. He always hoped that when this moment came and they could finally breathe without any guilt the genius would be there. They'd hug, kiss and celebrate together.
He opens the door to see a certain billionaire standing there hand raised ready to knock again.
Arriving at the house with Howard Steve felt like his heart was going to burst out of his chest. He was going to finally see Tony again! He knew of course that it would be hard to convince the teenager to trust him but he was willing to do everything in his power to achieve it.
" Oh god Tony I'm sorry I didn't mean to... Wait a minute. You weren't one of those people were you? "
"Steve where the hell are you?!! You were supposed to be here two hours ago!"
" Well you were born on July 4th so it's obvious and I bet your favorite colors are blue red and white so you're Captain America! "
Sorry I didn't update last week I had no inspiration. I probably update again before the next weekend. So how's everything with corona virus and everything? I want to go back to school I'm so bored:-(
It's almost noon by the time Steve wakes up in an unfamiliar room. It takes a while to realize that it's Tony's apartment and a bit more to remember last night's events.
"Just give them back"
"Twenty one"
My day goes really slow. My last appointment with Howard Stark for my father's company has finally ended and Howard walks me out. It went well we made a deal.
As he's ready to lock he hears steps behind him. He turns around and comes face to face with the blond man from the afternoon. " Oh hey have you forgotten anything sir? " He asks. " I don't know I can't find my keys and I thought that they may be here " The man answers and Tony realizes who he is " Oh dear god you're Steve Rogers! " The man looks confused for a moment and then he just nods. " Okay come in and let's see if you can find your keys. "
Before the woman can answer a man approach them. He's of average height but well built and kinda scary. His brown hair is in a man ban and he has this strict look in his eyes.
Steve doesn't know what to say he tries to imagine Tony as a small child tucked in his bed cuddling his parents. He feels his eyes fill with tears.
*POV* Steve
He had asked to be the one to return the stones in the past. He didn't know what he'd do, what he was thinking. He just knew that there was nothing holding him in this present anymore. How could he keep going without Tony? He couldn't.
Not knowing what else to do he opens the fridge to take the water bottle. In there there's a big bottle and some cans like Tony said. Steve then remebers he hasn't a glass so slowly and trying not to make any noise he opens the first cupboard. There're some notebooks, pens and that kind of stuff. The next one has some clean towels. The third is full with warn out t-shirts, a pair of pants  two sweatpants as he guessed. The underwears and socks cupboard was under the one with the clothes. Finally in the last one he finds some glasses.
Some fluff. So I'm going on vacation in about 10 days and I'm not sure if I'll be able to update before then.
"Yes you do!"
Yep I love him.
*flashback*
Tony moves his body a little and makes some space for Steve to lay. Steve gets under the blanket and cuddles the boy.
"No I don't!"
It's been almost two weeks since the incident with Steve Rogers. Tony had woken up that morning thinking that it was probably a dream until he found the note. He wasn't surprised at all but it didn't help the feeling of disappointment. He hoped that the man would be still there.
They talked for hours till finally Howard believed him and all of his questions were answered but after that he didn't even hesitate to invite Steve to stay at his house as long as he needed.
For a moment he's afraid that his heart will explode with all this cuteness. Tony seems even younger when he's sleeping. He's mouth is slightly open and he makes soft noises.
"What do you want? " I ask turning to face them. I see Justin, this guy really hates me I don't know why I haven't ever bothered him.
I'm kinda disappointed with this so please comment what you think and thank you for the kudos they help me keep writing.
He found out the reason really quick.
He gets in and heads to the counter. There stands a redhead teen girl making coffee for a guy. He looks around but there's no sign of Tony. Just before he gives up and storm out the girl turns to him.
I don't know what to say so I look at him and mumble a sorry. "You're disgusting" He tells me and let me go.
" Well... Steve...I know you only a couple of months but you know things about me and my life that I nobody else does and I nobody will ever knows. At least I hope so."
They reach Steve's penthouse. They don't talk and that's an other thing Steve loves about the boy. Even when there's only silence it's comfortable and relaxing not awkward.
He felt worse than he had in a while. He remembered every argument he had with the younger man. Everything felt so meaningless now. How easy would've been to solve every little problem, if only Tony was still by his side.
"I don't understand what you're talking about. " Steve says quietly a desperate attempt to avoid the topic.
" Yes I get you."
The apartment is basically a room with a bed that is used as a couch as well a nightstand/ table in a corner and an old chair a little farther. Next to the door there's a small fridge. There's no an oven instead there's a microwave on the counter. He doesn't see a wardrobe anywhere so he supposes that Tony puts his clothes in the kitchen's cupboards.
"... And that's illegal you should have warn me! " Tony shouts.
My bathroom is indeed bigger than this he thinks and suddenly feels bad for the kid who has gone through so much in his life that he's ended up staying at that tiny place without his parents and he's only 17.
"Oh darling...never! "
"Come on I was messing with you. Since then you've been nothing but nice to me. "
"Well... After I fixed the car he kinda asked me for lunch and... "
Huh of course not. It's called "being fashionably late" Steve had heard that more times than he could count. How many times had he got in an argument about this habit?
They keep talking as the girl brings their food. Steve's being sweet and caring the whole time. After they finish their meal they leave the restaurant in a comfortable silence.
"Here is what we'll do I ask a question you ask a question and soon I'll have the information I need to come up with the best nickname for you! "
I know that Tony don't want me to mention it so I won't.
"Well maybe I don't know! Anyway I took him for lunch and I messed up he probably doesn't want to see me again. "
Hope you liked it more than I did. Next chapter is Steve's life until I make a schedule I won't know when I'll update.
He turns the TV on and we stay quiet with our thoughts.
Heyyyy! Two months since the last update sorry again it took me so long!
"I'm glad you want to be with me right now. Don't worry doll everything will be alright." Steve says.
"Hey Tones! Just because I'm not a genius like you doesn't mean I'm an idiot! " Clint protests.
It's my turn to water the plants in the roof today.I walk out of the elevator and open the door to the terrace.
"Well it wasn't a happy place. It was dark. We had to do all the work. Cooking, painting the walls, clean the place. A teacher would come twice a month to teach us the basics. If we did something wrong it came the punishment. We aren't kids. Well maybe we are in age and stuff but we were all made to grow up too fast too soon. I had a friend there. James Rhodes but I just called him Rhodey. He's older than me and he joined the air force three years ago. I run away on my 16th birthday. In about a month it will be two years since. "Tony's voice still had no emotion. Like he wasn't talking about his life. Like all those things happened to a stranger.
"For God's sake Buck! What happened now? " Steve asks irritated without looking at them.
Last night after the blowjob against the door they moved to the bed and Steve will never forget how wonderful it felt thrusting fast into Tony's tight hole. How beautiful Tony looked as he tore him apart and put back together again. How he trembled everytime he touched his prostate. How he came undone for a second time. All the soft moans of "Steve" and "please more" and "my captain". All the sweet nothings whispered in his ear.
"What?! " Obadiah turns around to look at him not understanding the teen.
"You're lucky I even showed up actually." Said a deep voice in a bored tone.
They both startle and turn around to face him.
"So... " Steve agrees.
"Hey what are you doing? " I ask. The boy turns to face me. He isn't more than eighteen. He has curly brown hair and beautiful brown eyes. It's clear he's crying.
♩✧♪●♩○♬☆♩✧♪●♩○♬☆♩✧♪●♩○♬☆♩✧♪●♩○♬☆
"Yeyy! Welcome home doll!" Steve says too excited to stand still.
"Wow Tony! You got yourself a sugar daddy! "
"I said no! "
"Shut it Buck! I don't even know him and he's underage. "
I decided to text him and ask him to meet me.
They sit in silence while the younger boy eats. He finishes his meal and hands back the plate quietly. The blond leaves it to the sink and returns to Tony's side.
Tony believes he's alone. Maybe he was but not anymore. I want him to know that I am here for him. I want him to know that I'll do anything for him. I want him to know that he can count on me. I want him to know that I love him.
I decide to tell him the reason I ask him out.
" I'll give you a lesson "
-A couple weeks later-
Anyway this story is coming to an end only an epilogue is left. Thanks to everyone who read, voted or/and commented!
He opens the door and he barely has time to breathe before he's "attacked" by a tall man shouting "Tones!"
Only when he's far enough he let's himself panic. What is he going to do now? He has to find a new job or he will end up in the streets again. How could he be so stupid?
"Ey Steve! You said just grab something to eat not spend your whole fortune on it! " "Don't worry Tones I pay we eat everyone is happy" "You just called me Tones?! " "Yeah... Is it a problem? I thought it was cute... " "No it's fine I was just a little surprise"
I arrive at Stark's mansion just on time for the dinner. Mr Stark and I talk a little. Tony remains silent. I want to talk to him but I know I can't in front of his father.
"Not your fault" Tony's voice was void of emotion.  "Anyway we had no money or alive relatives. It was just us. Me and my parents. And then it was just me. I was put in a foster home. It's not of the best years of my life... "
"Tonyyy" Both Clint and Natasha were amazed.
The head back to Tony's apartment and as the younger boy's ready to close the door Steve says "I had a great time... Hope you wanna do this again?"
"I think we should get back" He says quietly.
They reached a comfortable room with an elegant desk in the middle and two big armchairs. Howard took a sit behind the desk pointing at one of the chairs for Steve.
"Perfect"
The man has the softest blond hair and even though he wears sunglasses Tony knows that he also has the most beautiful ocean eyes. " Oh god Steve what are you doing here!? "
"Oh sweetheart I'm so sorry! "
It's late in the afternoon and Tony is alone at the cafe. His boss had asked him that morning if it was okay with him and of course Tony assured him it was fine. And it really was. It wasn't like he had anything better to do he hadn't enough to pay for Wi-Fi this month so he couldn't attend his courses.
"Sure thanks" Natasha says as she walks in Clint following behind.
"Definitely"
Steve sits on the couch pulling the brunet in his arms. "So" He smiles to the boy " We're gonna watch Star Wars. I've never watched it and everyone says I should. " The brunet just nods and rests his head on the billionaire's shoulder.
"I quit" Tony says again.
Out of panic he makes the decision and walks to a better part of the city. Finally he makes it to a tall building. He's sure that this is the address Steve gave him but now he's there he's hesitant. After a moment he decides to go for it and he gets in.
Tony walks in the cafe to see it empty of costumers but his best and only friends -Clint and Natasha- are sitting on the counter chatting about Natasha's english teacher.
"But you did. I found the files. " His voice comes out calm and cold despite his freaking out inside. He wants to take it all back and beg Obie to forget the conversation but the words won't come out.
"No it's fine. Obie, we will finish this conversation an other time. " The teen turns to the man.
Their first kiss had ended up in a make out session but they hadn't done anything more. They'd just hold each other till they fell asleep.
It's a lazy Sunday morning and Tony wakes up to wet kisses all over his face. He wishes he could say that it's a rare occurrence but not really. Nobody believes that he doesn't like it anyway and if he's honest with himself he loves it. It's been like that ever since he moved in with Steve about three months ago.
"Yes. Okay then it was nice to meet you I'm Steve by the way. I'm gonna leave now. "
They stare at each other for a moment and then they both step closer and meet in a kiss in the middle.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony sits on the couch as the older man prepares the snacks.
After a while he's finished with last week's work and has nothing else to do. He decides to help with the paperwork. Obadiah has given him permission to deal with some of it himself. There's only a drawer that he's not allowed to open.
He comes closer. I try to avoid him but he punch me in the abdomen. I lose my balance and fall down. After a second I feel his kick on my ribs. I whimper and gasp for air.
"Well I usually order the carbonara but I've heard they have the best cheeseburgers here. "
As Steve spends more and more time with the young genius he realizes how screwed he is. He thinks of the boy all the time and whenever they're together he feels lighter. Now that he's alone in his office and reads a note Tony gave him for the first time he knows that he's falling for the boy. He's falling hard and fast.
"Ahh I just have to go home earlier... "
He runs in the bathroom just in time to throw up everything he ate last night. He's over the toilet for a while trying to calm. After he's done he stands and wash his mouth to get rid of the sick flavor.
"I dunno if I can eat anything I'm throwing up the whole day. "
T:Hey! Whatcha doing?
"What's going on here? " He asks with an air of authority.
He looks around for a pen and notices that the forbidden drawer is unlocked. Since he's alone in the workshop so out of curiosity he takes out the files.
"Hi Steve. " Tony greets shyly.
" Oh nothing much I'm just getting ready for a movie. If you want you can join. " Steve offers. Truth is he always enjoys Tony's company there's something in the smaller man that has he's knees go weak.
Tony walks down the hallway just when the bell rings again. "Now I'm coming! " He shouts.
Tony's hands go to his hair pulling slightly as he thrusts forward like he can't control himself anymore as he lets out a loud moan "oh my... Captain! "
"Oh hey Tony I didn't know you work here as well. My car broke down just across the street can you look at it or you just keep the store and I have to wait...? "
He glares at me surprised but quickly he looks back to Howard. " I am really sorry I didn't mean to interrupt I was going to my room. " He says. I can say he is scared.
It's around 8 o'clock when he hears a knock on his door. He lets a groan and goes to answer sure that it's whether Natasha or Clint. Who else could it be? It's been two weeks since he went on that date with Steve and he doesn't believe he'll see him ever again.
And by the car Steve meant a hot red sport  car that Tony wouldn't have money to buy in a thousand years. "Omg that's the car?! And you trust me to fix it?" " I don't see why not. " "Okay... ".
Steve's father was a businessman. A good one. He started with a  small company he inherited from Steve's grandfather but he was clever enough to make it a kingdom. Of course Steve is the heir of the company— “Rogers industries”.
And that's how they find themselves on the top of the wheel making out half an hour later.
"I don't like being lied to"
*present*
Steve sighs softly and picks him up. He takes him to his bedroom. He puts him slowly on the bed and pulls a blanket over him before laying down himself. As he looks at the boy he can't help it but whisper
His life has started to settle. The mornings he works in a repair shop as a mechanic the afternoons he works in a cafe and he attends high school courses online whenever he finds time so he'll be able to get a scholarship for college because there's no way he can pay anything.
" It's ok Steve I understand " Tony looks disappointed.
As soon as Steve landed in 1987 he had one thing on his mind. Find Tony. To his knowledge that summer the genius had just graduated from MIT and was spending some time at his parents house in Manhattan.
"I doubt it but if he doesn't want to see you you should respect his decision. Anyway you'll never know if you don't talk to him.  It's 7 PM go to that cafe he works at and find him I'll tell everyone something came up. "
They share a sweet but heated long kiss.
"Aw you guys... No need to worry I'm fine"
"Where are you from? "
"You can come in guys if you want" Steve says always the polite host.
Nobody knows what life holds for everyone. So nobody told Tony it was gonna be so hard.
"It's almost 1 o'clock and I work early tomorrow... "
He moved to his family house and try to seem responsible and able of being the CEO of maybe the most successful business of US. He didn't make it. People adored him and look up to him but he was only a public image. He couldn't run a business let alone make the difference.
"So... " Tony starts.
"I'm sure it's not as much as he talks about you though, that punk" The man-Bucky- laughs.
_______________time skip____________________
"Mhm, Steve stop! "
"I... I don't know what to say to him. And what if he doesn't want to see me? What do I do then? "
"Can I help you with something? " I ask him worried.
That's how they found themselves all together in Steve's -and now Tony's too- living room messing around and Tony thinks he's never been happier...
They climb in the car Tony fixed moments ago and Steve turns on the engine. The drive there it's in a comfortable silence both of them deep in their own thoughts. In ten minutes the blond stops the car out of a cute restaurant with flowers on every table. It looks expensive.
It's been awhile I'm sorry :(: Here's a crappy chapter. I obviously have no idea what are Obadiah's illegal activities and it won't go further I just wanted angst so I apologize if you wanted to focus on that.
As he's about to go back to sleep the corner of his eye catches the clock on the nightstand. 7:15. Shit. He throws the blanket away puts on his clothes quickly but carefully to not wake Steve. He should have been to the workshop 15 minutes ago!
(See the end of the chapter for
" Yes of course he can't do this kind of things if it can affect you "
He starts immediately and soon it's clear to everyone that Tony is more than capable. "Oh kid you've got a talent I never understood that kind of stuff. The only thing I can do with my hands is drawing" "Really? You draw? " " Yes art is my passion. " " Huh that's cool. Engineering is mine " "I can see that"
"Indeed I'm Tony but how you-"  He started questioning but was soon cut by his father " Yes Steve is the Captain it's a long story and you were late so now it's time to eat!"
Thank you for taking the time to read this story.
He drives the short distance to the workshop Tony works in silence thinking of the short brunet and their kiss last night and how bad he wants to hold him every single night and never let him get hurt ever again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'd love to" Tony smiles and before he can add anything Steve pecks his cheek and whispers " Goodnight doll I'll dream of you tonight " And with that he turns around and leaves Tony staring at the empty hallway.
"No! Wait! Howard it's me! I'm Steve! " He shouted desperately " Come back and I'll explain everything to you".
"Hmm Natasha and Clint are the only ones who I know here and we are close. Clint is the other guy who works in the cafe. They are very important to me. "
"Yeah? "
He slams Tony against the door as soon as they enter the room. Their lips attached the whole time and Steve can't get enough of this. The way Tony kisses he's felt nothing like this before. His lips are soft and warm and he tastes like coffee and wine and something else that's pure him. He's goatee feels rough against his skin. Their tongues fight for dominance for a moment but Tony gives in easily and lets Steve dominate the kiss.
This is what I only need to be happy and I am ready to for a new beginning with him by my side.
♬♩♪♩ ♩♪♩♬♩✧♪●♩○♬☆☆♬○♩●♪✧♩♬♩♪♩ ♩✧♪●♩○♬☆
-next morning-
"Okay wanna tell me what happened ,love?" Steve asks finally.
"Oh why is this always happening? " Steve groans and proceeds get up.
" So how old are you? " Steve asks.
"Steve? What's going on? Who's at the door? "
"I hope I won't regret it but it was nice to meet you too. Natasha. "
"Of course chips, pizza, popcorn and lemonade" Steve answers coming back to the living room.
He presses closer to the younger man and their ever growing erections rub against each other. They stop to breathe and the soldier doesn't waste minute kissing down his jaw and neck. Suddenly he drops at his knees and looks up to the genius asking silently for permission. Tony who now has turned into a moaning mess can't do anything but nod desperately.
At the word Italian memories of his mother cooking and singing while he and his father set the table come to his mind and he can't help the feeling of loneliness. He nods slowly "I'd like that ".
"Okay have two cheeseburgers with extra fries and a chocolate milkshake each please" Steve makes their order.
"I see you found your way finally! Where have you been? We even have a guest!" Steve was broken out of his daydream by Howard's scowling.
He follows Bucky to the top floor I front of a plain door which he opens without bothering to knock.
"You sure?" Clint asks.
"So... Shall we? "
I slowly take my stuff and I am ready to leave but last second I decide to let him a note. I grab a piece of paper and a pen and I write quickly. I let it on the table and go.
"Ugh fine but I'm only doing this to get you off my head. "
to Anthony E. Stark
"Haha so did we?" Tony pressed still smug.
"Well who am I not to let you be the happiest man in the world then... " In Steve's silence Tony adds " That's a yes"and smiles softly.
Three years later he received the same call for his mother. He made the same mistake. When he arrived at the hospital she was already gone. Again he didn't feel loss. He didn't feel numb. He only felt a little sad because he had no parents and he didn't even got to know them before they were long gone. This time was different. This time he got to stay. He had to take over the company.
Truth to be told this chapter was ready to post since last week but I wanted to wait because today is my amaZayn's baby's birthday! Happiest of birthdays Zaynieeeeee I absolutely adore you!Nobody Is Listening will be out on 15th go listen to is as well as Vibez and Better!
"Don't look at me man I've no idea what she's thinking... Maybe it's because of the hot blondy that was talking to you..." Clint starts and then at Tony's look he adds "Huh! You're redder than a tomato! Who's he? He looked kinda familiar. "
" That's how you ended up living in.. " Steve starts asking.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you for commenting.
But I can't do this. "Sorry but I can't do this. If I go away and let you jump I will never be okay with myself. I mean I can't let you die I just can't. " He sighs.
When he wakes up this morning the first thing he registers is the extra body in the bed. He's not alone. For a moment he panics but then the events of the last night come back to him like a movie.
"Wow calm down there Tigger. Bring the tray on! "
So after the dance he explained to her that they couldn't be happy together and looked for the one person that he always felt at home with, Tony.
"Excuse me may I use the bathroom? " I ask.
"Hi! My name is Natasha remember me? We met in the cafe a while ago and this is Clint" Steve finally recalls their meeting when he was looking for Tony all this time ago.
"Wow you're definitely him Cap! "
"Come on punk it's been like two weeks since that lunch date and you've done nothing but glare at this wall! Go find him! Do something!"
"Rhodey!! I can't believe it's you! I didn't even know you got my letter! Omg I missed you so so much! "
"Fine" Tony gives in " He was Steve Rogers. You know famous billionaire CEO of Rogers industries."
"Well let me tell you my story and then I'll answer any questions you may have. Just please don't interrupt me before I finish. You don't know how overwhelming it is seeing you"
The man turns to Tony and examines him with interest. "Who are you kid?" He asks lastly.
"Wow keep calm Stevie! Just look who I run into at the reception! "
During the dinner Steve felt extremely overwhelmed sitting next to Howard with Tony just across the table. As soon as it was over he excused himself to the bathroom to get some space.
Heyyy I'm really excited for this chapter. Hope you like it.
Howard and Maria Stark had no alive relatives so Tony was made to live in a foster home.
"I love you"
That's the reason why he can't believe that just now he found proofs of this illegal activity. He thought that after their last argument his boss would have at least warn him.
"You mean like a date...? "
_____________________________________________
Steve Rogers doesn't know the way the world works. Ever since the day he was born he never had to do anything. So he doesn't know how the little guy fights to survive.
"Exactly what I meant. Come on doll say yes. It would make me the happiest man in the world. "
" What!? No! Of course I can look at it! " says Tony offended. " Okay then will you come... " " Yeah sure just a minute. "
"I guess we can try..."
He walks to the reception and clears his throat. "Eh... Excuse me... Can I see Steve Rogers? "
"I... I like you a lot Tony... You're so sweet and beautiful and smart and funny and everything. "
"Doll! There's a blanket on the table make yourself at home! " Steve shouts from the kitchen.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Go ahead"
Tony wakes up this morning with a killing headache. He moans and starts getting ready for work. He picks up a simple green t-shirt and jeans but as he's ready to put on his shoes his stomach makes a weird noise.
The second thing he registers is his throbbing erection pressed against the smaller man's backside.
Steve thinks for a moment and then he offers " Okay then come live with me and you can make some blueprints for the company. Huh what do you say? I know that you're a genius you have great ideas it'd be really beneficial for us to have you in our team. "
It's getting darker when Tony realizes how late it is.
"I've been better and I've been worse I'll survive. What do you want here? " The teen asks.
"Sure! What're we watching? "
"Sure. It's the door at the end of the corridor"
At the end he wasn't someone who tried and succeeded like his father. He wasn't even someone who tried and failed. He was just lucky.
"Oh Stevie you made a mistake I'm sure he can give you a second chance. "
It had been a couple of months that he lived there and he was assigned to help in the kitchen. He himself knew how to cook pretty good. But his partner didn't. When he accidentally burned the food he ran away and left Tony alone to deal with it.
And then Tony turns around catching his eyes " Thank you , I love you " He says silently.
It's almost afternoon and they've been in bed for the biggest part of the day when the doorbell rings.
"Oh Stevie's got a crush! "
He looks around him but he can't see Tony anywhere. His eye catches a note on the table. He picks it up and reads.
"My car broke down" Steve simply answers but it's obvious there's something else and the blond knows the brunet isn't gonna let it pass.
"We wanted to check on you Tones. See if you needed any help moving in or something"
"What happened? "
"Ooo hello Tony"says Nat smirking knowingly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What's going on here? " Another voice is heard behind him. He turned around slowly to face the man ready to argue with him too but the words died in his mouth as soon as he sees him. In front of him is standing a much older version of the one and only Howard Stark.
It turns out he doesn't have to wait for long. An hour later the older man enters the workshop and heads to the office without acknowledging the boy.
Yes that's how it happened Steve remembers now. They were watching the movie and suddenly he couldn't concentrate on anything but Tony's presence next to him. Their hands touching. And then surprisingly the brunet turn to him and everything is blurry since then until they got to the bedroom and from there on he can recall every detail.
_____________________tiny time skip( Ik y'all expected it but I can't write smut sorry)___________________________________
"I... I used to be... I don't wanna talk about it"
He looks back at the piece of paper on his desk and he knows he can't walk away this time. And as he stares at Tony's soft handwriting he realizes that he doesn't want to.
"But you're though" Natasha says and then gives him a peck on the cheek to shut him up.
Tony is ready to say no but then again that means free food and he likes the guy so... "Ok let's go your treat. "
They look around for a while but finally give up. " I don't think that you lost your keys in here sorry sir" " Yeah it doesn't seem possible. Also can you please stop calling me sir? It makes me feel like one hundred years old. " " As you wish Mr. Rogers " The boy say laughing " Well I guess as long as you have a way to get in your house or somewhere to spend the night I am not necessary anymore so it was nice to meet you " Tony doesn't wait for an answer and starts walking down the street.
And he did. He explained every little detail from waking up in the 21st century to becoming part of the Avengers and all. He tried not to give away Tony's part in this. He didn't want to scare the boy. But he couldn't not mention how much they mean to each other.
"Omg that's awesome! Where is he taking you? "
"So... Tony as strange as it sounds the reason I'm here is you"
Steve gets immediately to work pulling down he's trousers and underwear releasing his dick. It's the perfect size not as long as his own but thicker. He doesn't waste a moment getting the whole thing in his mouth while his hand massaging the balls.
"I sure hope so and I can't wait to see them!" Especially your son.
The soldier decides that if he doesn't want to die of boredom he's best shot is to watch a movie. There are so many that according to Tony he must watch if he wants to adjust to this century.
S: Ugh fine I am just bored -_-
He puts the files back in and locks the drawer. He goes to the front of the shop to find something to work on to keep him busy until Obie is here.
I wake up really early Steve's still sleeping.
"Hey Tony? Please don't hate me okay? "
"Okay bye Natasha! "
"Tony! " Natasha completes looking at her friend behind the older man.
"Stevie? No matter how hard you think about it if you don't try to talk to the guy nothing's gonna change!" Bucky sighs as gets in the room to find the blond staring at the wall with those puppy eyes.
It's a small but cute place with round tables and uncomfortable old-fashioned chairs. The wallpaper on the wall has tiny flower in baby blue background. There's a counter across the door and that's where they prepare the drinks.
For tonight Steve hasn't any plans. He just wants to take Tony to his place and hold him. He finds the boy waiting outside dressed in a simple green t-shirt and old jeans.
*POV* Tony
"Why should I? "
The time passed quickly and before he knew it it was his 16th birthday. He had got used to the abuse and even though he was very thin he was quite muscular from the heavy work.
Two hours pass until the little bell on the door rings. Tony sighs as he puts the laptop away and stands up with a smile ready to service the costumer " Good morning how can I..." He stars saying but he freezes as soon as he lays eyes on the newcomer.
All in all he's gone through a lot but never loses hope for a better future...
"So during all these adventures I met you Tony. I mean the older you. At first we couldn't even stand being in the same room together." He let a soft nostalgic chuckle at the thought of all these times when he thought he was going to commit murder at the moment. "But then shit happened and you don't know how much you mean to me. We would stay up for hours together having deep conversations and messing around."
"I love you too" He replies the same way.
"That's who I am and I'm not going anywhere if I don't speak with-"
"Hmm I don't know... Steve what do you recommend? " Asks the brunet.
"Don't be... It's true you know... I do love you"
He finally talks " Omg Tony! You don't have to thank me for anything. I did what I had to do because I...oh fuck you don't even know how happy I am right now. Tony I love you and I can't imagine what could happen if you still wanted to die. Oh god I love you so much. "
" If I'm Captain America then you're ironman! He really reminds me of you! "
Thankfully the blond is dressed casually.
"Anyway... So... I know that I can't just ask you to be with me they way you were in the future... But can I maybe try to win you again now? " he finally got the courage to ask and he really couldn't be more grateful for the response he received from a soft looking Tony...
At first he felt like he couldn't be useful in anything but after a while the older man introduced him to his tech team and everything made sense. It's like he was born for this and he adores every moment. The engineers in the team seem to love him as well so he really couldn't ask for anything more. He still works at the cafe with Natasha and Clint even though Steve tells him he doesn't have to do anything but focusing on his studies.
" Ok! Do you have chips? " Tony shouts back.
"Tony... I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable but why were you ready to do that? " I knew it! "Well I don't really want to talk about it" I avoid his eyes. " I understand" He simply says.
Hope everyone is safe and healthy!
"I didn't lie to you"
"My name's Tony. Please I really have to see Ste- eh Mr. Rogers. "
"I'm sure he won't mind... "
"Brooklyn but we didn't live there. Same question. "
He opens the laptop and he can't help thinking of how lucky he is. Both of his bosses are understanding and don't get mad when he studies while he's working and his landlord even bought him a laptop.
"I'm sorry I didn't mean-" The blond starts only to be cut by the younger boy.
After a bit of silence Tony speaks again. "Thanks for coming to check on me. "
"Omg you're Tony?! I'm Bucky! Wow I can't believe I finally meet you! Of course let me take you to Steve! "
"Okay are you on your way? "
He presses his nose in Tony's soft hair and inhales. He always loved the genius' scent. Something sweet and sour. He could stay right there smelling him for hours on end without thinking of anything else but the man next to him and how helpless he feels in his presence.
"Oh...that's good cause I really liked it... " Tony says shyly.
"I can't help it babe! Happy birthday! You're 18! It's your day today we're gonna do anything you want! " Steve says sounding like an excited puppy to the teen's ears.
"Oh Steve hey! " Tony says trying to play it cool.
Summer 1987, New York City.
"So you're looking for Tony huh? " She continues " He's actually not here at the moment he called sick this morning but I have to tell you... If you ever do anything to hurt him I'll make sure you're dead within an hour "
They reach a small restaurant in the outskirts of the city and they pick a table next to the window.
Tony raised an eyebrow shocked at the mention of his Steve's name.
"I'll tell you what. You're going by his work place again next week and try to make things right and for God's sake you find out if he's interested. Don't worry man it will be alright."
"I like coming here when I need some space. " Steve says as they wait for the waitress.
"No. You know Tony...he never admits that  he needs help"
"Uhg I was just wanted to tell you that something fell from you pocket" Justin says holding my keys.
It's getting darker and colder when he realizes that the teen is wearing just a worn out jacket. " Hey kid aren't you freezing?! You're obviously not dressed properly for this weather! " " I have had worse" Tony shrugs.
Sometime later they're both laying on the king size bed under the bedsheets in each other's arms both naked and happy. Steve stares down at Tony's head rested on his chest and he's overwhelmed with a soft feeling when he realizes that the teen's fallen asleep. He sighs quietly and closes his eyes too.
He also found a place to work and make some money. He made a deal with his boss to give him less money in return for a meal and a shower. He learned how to survive out there in the winter and take care of himself. Sometimes he felt despaired but when he remembered his life in the foster he was grateful for his little corner.
"I liked it too baby really. So will you go out with me? Tonight? I'll pick you up from your place after your shift end. Huh what do you say? Will you come? "
"What do you need? Wanna make you some soup? " Steve asks and he looks really worried.
"I told you I don't want to get in trouble you didn't stop so I'm just gonna leave now and you can start looking for an employee who won't mind your activities. " He says instead and without waiting for an answer turns around and walks out the door.
They finally stop in front of a simple wooden door. Tony takes out his keys and they get in. They're climbing the stairs quietly and Steve can't help but wonder what damned building hasn't an elevator. They come to a stop on the last floor .
Tony excuses himself and walks to the back of the store to change clothes. He takes off his dirty tank top and puts on a little better red t-shirt. He looks at his reflection on the mirror and sighs. At least he has no holes in his shirt anymore.
He was 7 years old when his father decided that the best for him and mostly for his and the company's future was to send him to a boarding school. There he met other kids just like him. Rich spoil children who doesn't know how the world works even though they practically own him.
"Yes but you love this overgrown baby! " Steve laughs and then stops when he realizes what he said.
"God Steve you have the best ideas" Says Tony breathless.
"See you later Bucky" Steve ends the conversation.
He recalled their last private moment together. When he had hold the smaller man in his arms for hours. They both knew that this was their last time. That after this battle nothing would ever be the same. They had spent the day before in each other's company. They had made sweet love, painfully slow, passionate, giving all of themselves in it. They had exchanged I love you's and soft kisses. And finally they had fallen asleep entwined.
He looks away from the note and sighs. What should he do now? Can he give his heart away like that or should he just leave? No, no he can't leave. The thought of leaving Tony and breaking his heart has the blond going mad. He can't do that.
The man takes a step back and now Tony would've recognised him anywhere even though the last time that he saw him was almost 4 years and he has much larger now.
"4th of July kinda predicted it's my birthday. Favorite color? "
They're all sitting in the living room when they hear a key on the door. Tony looks around in alarm but then he notices Steve just chuckling and shout "You really should stop doing this Buck you know I don't live alone anymore, you could walk in something you don't want someday"
I immediately flinch. I know that Justin has no good intentions.
" Oh I see... So did you do dirty stuff? " Bucky asks and the blond can almost see the knowing smirk in his friend's face.
With this done he leaves the penthouse and runs all the way to work. He's there in record time just 20 minutes later and he gets to work immediately.
"Absolutely"
"No you don't get to tell me to calm down! They could come anytime and I would get in trouble! "
"Don't worry sweety I'm sure he'll consider you. Now go and I want every detail tomorrow! "
"Could I maybe talk to you? "
T: Yea me too. Wanna hang out?
This was so difficult to write but anyway I hope it's not that bad
Your comments always made my day. It was so nice to see that people are actually reading this story and like it.
Four hours pass and it's finally time to close the place and head home. Oh god he's exhausted. He cleans everything grabs his extremely warn out and out of season jacket and gets out.
"Why.. " Tony's cut by Steve's lips pressed against his in a passionate kiss. He feels Steve's tongue licking his bottom lip asking for permission. He parts his lips and they fight for dominance. Steve wins and Tony lets him guide him. They only stop when they're out of breath...
"In the streets yeah... " Tony interrupted. " I had no place to go I just didn't want to stay there for even a minute more. I sent a message to Rhodey as soon as I could I didn't know if he received it not till I was able to rent this place. Now we are in contact. "
"Well it happens sometimes. " Steve agrees and presses his lips on Tony's again.
" Okay I know all of this will sound crazy to you but I'm the real Steve Rogers and I come from the future... " He began...
" You're not very polite are you? " He continues with a smirk.
"I was in the workshop and his car broke down across the street so he came to ask someone to look at it and found me. "
He raises his eyebrow and answers in the same tone "Well excuse me sir but as you can probably see if you look somewhere further than your nose I'm alone in the shop right now and there're people that came before you so if you can't wait a little and you think the service is that horrible you can always go somewhere else preferably to hell. " The man's eyes go wide and his mouth hangs open speechless.
Thanks for reading.
They walk in silence for a while till Steve decides to break it " So Tony how old are you? " He asks hoping that it won't bother the younger man. The boy doesn't seem to notice his nervousness and simply answers "I'm 17" .
_________________________________________
Steve gets in immediately and Tony walks back to his bed.
Now, their portraits have been melted into blocks of colour and the screens are black and shattered. He steps over glass and picks his way toward the doors. These had been automatic but now, like the elevator, have crumpled in the fire. He squeezes through their largest gap, his chest burning with the attempt to hold his shoulders in, and he gasps for breath once he’s through.
"But you forgave me." She shook her head, "You forgave us all. ...how?"
“Janet’s dead, Tony,” He says gently and Tony stares at him, “Has been for a while.” Tony shakes his head slowly and despite himself, Steve steps forward to comfort him. He doesn’t get far before Tony jerks back however and he stops, “Don’t. Don’t, I – I need my socks.” He turns back to the pile of debris, “For the funeral.”
“Right. Your socks.” He says, “We should get them from my flat first, then come back. What do you say?”
“Hey Tony,” He murmurs, watching as Tony reacts only a little, before continuing to search, “What are you up to?”
For whatever reason, children seemed to love Bruce's alter-ego, Anna included. She’d seen the Hulk only a few times in her life however so he must have made quite the impression. The first time she’d seen him had been when she’d just turned 6 months old, though he doubted she remembered that. Or at least he hoped.
“Jess came to get me when you’d gone in.” Steve says, “It was only today.”
Tony snorted, "Steve, her Uncle Bruce turns into a Big Green Monster on the occasional tantrum, a
“… okay,” Tony whispers, lifting his head up and looking at him. His gaze is piercing, even in the dim light, and it takes Steve’s breath away. He uses that as an excuse for why he doesn’t react in time to stop Tony from kissing him.
That’s all it takes for Steve to leave the room and punch the button to go up on the elevator. No one follows him and he finds anger at the Shield agents for not simply telling him. They must have dumped Tony and left before he’d gotten here.
“I’m working on that notion,” Steve tells him, “It started a Civil War the first time, so you could say I learned a lesson on it.”
“You should have called me to.” Steve counters and Sam scoffs.
“He made the mistake of mentally torturing Tony as well. None of Tony’s predictions made sense after that.” Jess looks at him, “Angry Sky. Mould.” He points at the wall, “Glowing butterfly is Janet. Black Butterfly in Luke.”
Stung, he glares at her, “That’s just not true though, is it.”
"That's -"
The lie is feeble at most but Tony’s expression clears, “Right,” He breathes and Steve nods.
"That's what I thought." Putting a hand to her forehead, she groaned, "And if you think so too then that must be it. He blames us. He fucking
"Then you'd have to earn it." He stayed blunt, knowing now what this was about, "And vice-versa." She turned to him, meeting his gaze, "So what secret do you want me to know?"
Tony wipes at his face, “But my socks.” He reminds him and Steve nods.
“We didn’t – that’s – ” Sam starts, wide-eyed, “We didn’t know. I didn’t know the room did this.”
“The mansion burnt down Tony,” Steve reminds him, “You know this. It’s gone.”
"No honey, donkeys are real." He told her, "And so are cows."
to her despite promising I'd never have to do that when I finally had kids. Hell, I didn't even have a
"I'm sorry?"
Judging from her reaction, this wasn't good news, "Was he ... ?"
She turns the phone off, glaring at Steve, “Why did I just do that?” She demands and he points at the sky.
, I misjudged how much you cared.” She stands, getting her coat, “He put us through hell during the War. All of us, not just you. But you’re the only one who’s run away.”
“I’ll drive, leave your bike,” He says, “You can’t carry him at the same time.”
Tony laughed softly, "Well Anna, just because something's ugly, doesn't make it pretend," He said, "Donkeys are very real. And not everyone finds them ugly too."
“Hi baby girl,” He tucked her chair in for her, “How was your nap?”
“I’m so sorry.”
“We were inside, in the room.” Jess says, “You couldn’t see the sky even if you wanted to.” She sighs, running a hand down her face, “Anyway. Where is he?”
Pepper had suddenly been nothing but a pile of ashes at his feet and he'd fallen to his knees once he’d processed that, gasping for breath as Anna had wailed in his ear. Rhodey had found him not one minute later and had flown him away from what became a frenzied rampage of confused and terrified people.
Steve sits up, his face hardening, “Oh.”
“Yeah we put food there,” Sam explains, “But I’ve not – I never went in. Just opened it enough to put a tray down.”
“So he’s at the mansion now?” He clarifies and she nods, “Where?”
“To everything.” She wipes at her nose again, “He shouldn’t be out there alone and I – he won’t listen to me. But he’ll listen to you.”
Tony looks up at him, “For you.” He warbles and Steve walks before he can be stopped. He steps around Tony and grabs him by the arm, forcing him to stand.
Steve’s throat constricts, “And a black butterfly?”
"I ...
"Oh I remember." He drawled, shifting to face her a little better.
He crumples the socks in his hands, his sobs grating against his throat and he screams, hunched over and rocking, remembering Tony through the sheer smell of the room.
Tony frowned, "Why?"
“Bad omen.” She says, “Death. Why, you believe in all this?” The question is a distraction for her but they don’t have time for that now.
“So no one made sure he actually ate the stuff?” Steve asks and Sam has the gall to look ashamed.
Jess looks beyond her years when he opens the door. There are lines around her eyes and the corners of her lips, purple shadows and dull expressions. She looks tired and worn and doesn’t accept the offered drink that she once would have in a heartbeat.
“Shit.” Steve pushes away from the wall. He can’t fit through that same gap so he leaves the elevator to jog toward the foyer. The hole that he’d walked past before is big enough for him to jump through, and he lands in what had once been their meeting room.
Steve ignores that, looking to Peter, “Where is this Hole? Osborn’s old HQ?”
like this." He collapsed back onto the sofa, putting his head in his hands, and suddenly the only sound was a steady drip from the kitchen sink.
, okay. Before being locked up, he was a horror movie. Crying and wandering around like some Victorian widow. He wouldn’t even change his goddamn clothes, and I have a kid to protect.”
Once he’s got a grip, he looks around for Tony and finds him stood waiting for him as asked. Beyond relieved, he gets to his feet and pushes him in front, “Go.” He orders and Tony listens, hobbling across the foyer toward the doors.
“Well where were you then?” Logan asks, “If you’re so knowledgeable about what Stark needs, why don’t you give it to him?”
Tony turned, both exasperated and amused, "Anna - " But Rhodey only laughed.
” Steve repeats but he’s completely ignored.
"Actually, you know what? I'm fucking exhausted."
“There’s mould in here.” He comments and Steve pinches the bridge of his nose. His walls are a clean white and there are no leakages.
His anger at Tony is hindering his wish to help him and he can’t keep losing his temper like this. He can do better.
Thor had elected to leave Earth three years ago with Rocket and to return with news of Thanos when he found it, which had left Anna with only two Uncles. Tony was just glad that Rhodey could respond enough to her questions and not just stare into space like Bruce did, though she never seemed to mind others letting her chatter away without telling her to be quiet.
“He killed himself.” Steve says, “Getting rid of that alarm is useless.” Sam wilts but he doesn’t care right now. He can’t care about anything because his heart is downstairs on a cold table and Tony has
"Uncle Rhodey," Anna was sat in Rhodey's lap, fiddling with his dog-tags, "Why do you smell so weird?"
He has no idea how he’d done this alone before and just prays that he doesn’t come back again when he’s feeling less agile. Their footsteps echo across the foyer but once he reaches the doors by the end, he notices that Tony’s have quietened. He turns, to comfort him, just in time to spot him walking through the doors to the kitchen.
Tony nods, dusting himself off and when Steve walks out, he follows him. They step past what had once been beautifully furnished bedrooms and he helps Tony ease down the stairs without falling through those gaps.
Natasha rose to her feet, looking at him, “Your farm.”
“Usually?” Steve asks, remembering how she’d said that Tony
"Twice then. I was upset and he was - I don't know." He tugged at his hair, "Sometimes I think it's a good idea, us being together, but then - he does something. Or says something. And I have Anna to think about."
"This isn't a joke, Steve," Tony said, "I've told you a million times about this, I - this has to be the last time now, okay? No fairytales! I don't want Anna getting stupid ideas, it's
“And you couldn’t just force him out? Put him in bed and set an alarm if he bolts again?” She gives him a dark look.
"It's okay little lady," Rhodey laughed, "It wasn't that rude, Cap's just a stick-in-the-mud."
"So how did you forgive me?" She repeated, looking a little manic now, "For what I did. I'll admit it took me a while to see it from your side but when I did, I felt like shit."
“He’s grieving.” Steve argues and the agent gives him a long look, “He’s lost his entire life, he doesn’t need to be locked away for it.”
. That she can't read certain things because it might give her dangerous ideas. That I have to
"Then we'll have a late dinner," Steve compromised, "Nat's out anyway."
us, there's the difference," He tucked a strand of hair behind his ear, "And Steve? He makes this complicated, not easy."
He skid to a halt outside his own room and saw Anna sitting up in her bed with her blanket on her knees and her eyes wide. He ran toward her, picking her up, "Hey honey. Hey. It's okay."
“Not always.” He says. “And I’m not an Avenger anymore. He’s not my responsibility.”
Switching the lights off on automatic, he closes the door and makes himself comfortable, falling asleep out of pure exhaustion but it doesn’t last long.
He steps closer to wake him before catching sight of the switch by the door. It’s on but with the power outage, useless. He turns it off and feels his heart pound at something that his brain knows but isn’t revealing.
to go outside, I don't need you to encourage her." He sat down on the washing basket, shutting his eyes, and after a moment he heard Steve step around the clothes to crouch in front of him.
“Why didn’t you call me?” He asks and she shrugs.
“It could be underground.” Bruce said, “They came out of nowhere in Wakanda. And I have been seeing bizarre seismic activity in the area, it’s all on my tablet, but I wasn’t sure what it could be.”
“No!” Tony yanks back but this time Steve is ready and he holds fast, “No, I can’t go back! I can’t, let me go!” To stop him from getting hysterical, Steve does, and he backs up with a hand over where he’d been grabbed, “I need my
He'd flown from the scene, leaving behind a broken team surrounded by dust, but at the time he hadn't cared about anything but his baby.
"I know cows are real," She said, her 'duh' voice popping out now, "They make sense and we need milk. But donkeys are weird, they don't make sense and they're
“He has a fucked-up way of doing it, if it’s true,” Logan comments.
He doesn’t even know.
“It calms him down,” He explains and Steve feels anger so rough, it burns.
is on the tip of his tongue but he holds it back, “Alright Tony.” He says instead, “We should join them, then. Right?”
“I can’t.” Tony tells him and Steve falls back onto the sofa, putting his head in his hands. Tony stands like a statue, his hands at his sides, “I don’t know how.”
“I'm not the one who slammed a shield into his neck!” He snaps back and Steve takes it. “I’m sorry,” Peter then says, “I didn’t – I get it. You’re angry. But we’ve not – Tony isn’t – ” He sighs, “He was the least of our problems, that’s all. It wasn’t personal.”
"Have you had this conversation with him?"
"Tony - "
"You have time now," She pointed out and he raised an eyebrow.
“We’re going,” Steve snaps, refusing to explain anything until they’re away from this room and somewhere warm and fully-lit, “Now.”
He wishes he could stop it but the agent’s right. If he made a fuss now, as a civilian and a non-Avenger, nothing would be fixed. Instead, he listens to what Jess had said to him before and walks back to his bike.
“I can’t find my socks.” Tony tells him, frantic in his looking now, “I can’t – I need them. I’m late.” His hands run over the burnt wood, reminiscent of a man patting the bottom of a drawer. Steve doesn’t say anything for a while and Tony eventually stops, glancing at him and looking so small that Steve almost wants to yell at him, if only to change that expression, “Are we assembling?” He asks.
"No, I get that," Natasha said, "And it might sound a little selfish, but at least it's easier for you than me, so you've got that going."
“He usually wanders the bedrooms.” She says, “Or what’s left of them anyway.”
“Stark’s mind is a weapon and when it started to deteriorate,
Steve blinks twice, his eyes warm, “What funeral?” He asks and Tony slams a hand down over a sharp piece of splintered wood.
Tony took it from him as he passed, hiding it away before Anna woke and saw it. Bruce let him, sitting at the table and sighing.
“No. She’s not, Luke has her.” Steve stands at that, fed up, “Luke’s got her glow, in him. But, the butterfly … it’s black. It’s in his – ”
“No!” He screams and there’s a pop from somewhere down the hall. Steve turns to it and hears the mansion’s creaking intensify. They’ve run out of time.
"What the hell is this?" He demanded and Steve picked it up, raising an eyebrow.
Dammit. “Tony – !” He jogs toward him, flinching when the stairs creak as he does and forcing himself to slow down and not upset the already fragile building, “Tony wait.” He turns into the kitchen but Tony’s not there and when he steps out into the hallway, he sees him walking slowly toward the elevator.
Steve smiled, soft in a way he never was with anyone else, “Thank you for understanding Miss Stark.”
“She’s
“Thank you, Mr Rogers,” He says and the absence of
“It’s growing.” Tony continues, wide-eyed, “Janet’s – “
She rounded on him, "Of course I blame us," She snapped, "We could have done so much more, we could have
Steve just nods, his eyes on the white ball that Sam had stepped on. It’s the ball of socks that he’d seen before, the ones he’d kicked away.
Tony scoffed, "I feel like I've been put through the ringer a hundred times and each time hurts in places I didn't know I had. How's that?"
why would he – ?”
“Friday’s attached to the Bunker – ”
“Oh fine,” Steve says, “Shield took him. But you already knew that, didn’t you.” His tone must hit because Sam bristles.
“Hey Steve,” Peter pipes up, “Maybe give us a break to explain before you declare whether we can go to heaven or not.”
She won’t find one.
“I see.” The agent says, “Then I’ll ask why you decided to grab my arm, if you’ve thought it through.”
The bedroom is dark, with the curtains blinds that he keeps shut and the lights all off. Steve’s bed is low, near the ground, and Tony consistently forgets where he is. He takes a step back, breathing heavily, but eventually braves it and pulls the blankets down.
"I know that," He said in his ear, "But parenting is also supposed to be a little less of a job than you make it out to be." He felt like arguing that but the hug felt far too good to ruin, "And she only just went down, if you wake her, she can eat and then sleep."
“No, I’m fine,” She says, “It’s nothing like that. It’s not – it’s about Tony.”
As he walks, he hears a light splashing and glances down to see water. A pipe must have burst recently, which makes the mansion even more dangerous than it already is. He hurries at the thought, his eyes finally adjusting to the darkness, and the water follows him down the hallway.
“Well you’re breaking out again,” Steve tells him, bending to snap the chain. Tony lets him, his eyes dark, but as soon as the metal bends just slightly there’s a pitched noise that fills the room. Tony presses his hands to his ears, squeezing his eyes shut, and the door locks itself from behind them.
Tony stiffens at that, “And then you’ll handle me.” He says and Steve pauses, “Put me in the hole. Keep everyone safe.”
“How – ?”
By seven o’clock, dinner was ready and Natasha was back. She seemed to be in a foul mood too so they left her alone and set the table for everyone else. Rhodey scouted nights and worked with the army during the day, so whenever he was home he was here only to catch up on his sleep or to eat, which made him the first one down as always.
“Why did you have to be real?” He asks and Steve has no answer to that. The door shuts and he’s alone again but he can’t sleep now. He stays awake the rest of the night hating himself and how he’s handling this situation instead.
Sam frowns, glancing at Hank, "I – ”
He blinked, blinked, and blinked again, "I'm sorry, what the hell are you talking about? Was all that shit about Clint a lie? You wanted me to have a breakdown and needed to lay some foundations first, what - ?"
The metal had clearly expanded in the heat of the fire and then crumpled from the change in temperature, leaving a web-shaped door with black slits on either side. Large enough for a man of Tony’s size to fall through.
"Hey. I'm sorry," He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up, "I didn't think," Steve picked the book back up and tucked it into his jacket, "I'll get rid of it."
“For God’s sake Tony, I’m too tired for this – ”
He was sure one day that would make him snap but at the moment, he needed to be the only fully-awake and level-headed one in a bunker with an angry spy, an alcoholic scientist/Hulk, a barely-there Air Force officer, a four-year-old and a super soldier that seemed to be more concerned with domestics than the bigger picture. He knew Steve took a back-seat because Tony seemed so in control but some days he felt as though everyone had a chance to grieve and process this all except for him.
Steve paused, "She won't see it that way."
. You just don't
“Hey Steve,” Luke greets but the others look tense. It’s then that Steve spots Bucky in the corner, leaning against the wall with his arms folded and in his old black combat gear, not the Captain America uniform. Jess isn’t here but they’re all clearly aware of what has just happened, “How did it go?”
Now, it looks just as Jess had described it. Like it’s on its deathbed.
“I had a tumour.” He rasps, “Tiny thing but could have gotten bigger. Hank got it out.” Jess stares at him and then at Steve.
"So you've forgiven everything because time heals." She scoffed, "Steve lied about your parents, Barnes killed them, I let them go and shut a metaphorical door in your face. But times heals." She stood, pacing.
Once out, the mansion remarkably stays intact until they’re far enough away, and then it folds in on itself, collapsing like a house of cards, and he pants when he watches it crumble. A finality to a life he’d once loved.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, sitting opposite and meeting her gaze. She doesn’t look up, “Jess? Is everything alright?” Worry starts to fill him, “Is Dani – ?”
Tony still shakes his head but he braces for the jump all at the same time, grabbing the edge of the hole once he’d thrown up. He pulls himself up over it and once he’s clear, Steve crouches and then launches himself up to grab it too.
Occasionally, when out, Tony would stop to stare at it and sometimes he'd even pray too. Most of his prayers were similar to ones that he had at other sites and they were for those that had been killed aboard planes or trains and so forth and for those that had died beneath them. He also prayed that when -
Tony nods slowly, his smile still brighter than anything, “I’m so glad you’re here.” He murmurs, only for his face to suddenly fall, “I’m sorry for everything.” His voice hitches and Steve puts a hand on his shoulder.
“Not always.” Jess says, “Sometimes he, he’ll say something odd. It won’t make sense, but to him … he thinks
He doesn’t stop for hours.
Steve yells, his voice thundering, “He needed your help, not this! One man and you put the world on his shoulders! And then you pack him up and chuck him in a dark pit to stir his mind until he’s fully insane.” He throws his hands up, “Christ, this is completely – ”
Natasha's was beside his and he wondered if she was asleep but when he knocked, she opened the door immediately, like she'd been expecting him.
Tony had thought he was back in the Hole. And he’d found something sharp enough.
Natasha crossed over him to turn it off, twisting the knob tight to save their water, and when she was back she put a hand on his head and pulled her into her arms. He let her, holding on tight, and his anger ebbed in his veins.
He’d died believing that.
"He wasn't ash." She shook her head, angry again, "He's fine. He's
There’s no protest and Tony stays hunched, his hands over his ears and his eyes shut so tightly he’s likely seeing flashes behind his lids. He steps out and Sam runs around the corner to see him.
Steve catches him instantly and sets him upright, the both of them panting at that near call, and Sam composes himself and claps a hand to Steve’s shoulder.
“He was safe.” She whispers, “He was with
Once everyone started to eat, Natasha came back down and took her place at the table, filling her plate with mostly rice and shoving it into her mouth. No one asked her how her visit to the farm had been as it was very clear that she had still not found Clint. Considering how hard it was to differentiate between piles of ash, Tony wondered why she never just assumed that Clint had been taken as well. He wasn't stupid enough to say this to her however because he knew how fragile hope could be.
Leaving that, he took out his transponder and sent out a signal. This time he tried the Mutants, or X-men, and gave the same message that he relayed each time.
and not do any of the things that I've wanted to do with them, not to show them everything I've always wanted to show them. Not to send her to kindergarten or to play-dates."
There’s a box sitting there that he hadn’t noticed the last time. Inside is the bomb that Criti Noll had planted on Janet. He opens it and presses a hand to his mouth.
“I’m going to throw you up to the foyer.” He tells him and Tony shakes his head 'no', “
“They killed themselves to get through the barriers before,” Steve added, “What’s to say they got tired of living in a dark ship and a few killed themselves to make a way through for others here?”
“And?”
Jess is sobbing but Steve’s eyes are dry and he pulls her away, calling an ambulance before changing his mind, hoping to keep this quiet. For Tony’s sake.
“What are his episodes?” Steve asks, “Delusions of dead people that the Hole and Osborn’s alarm haven’t helped?”
There are stairs by the end, winding once around, and when he reaches their end he sees a small white door that he would need to bend to walk through. It’s password locked and he slams a fist into the screen until it spits out sparks and opens for him.
“Listen Steve,” Luke says, “You weren’t here and he was a
those that had been dusted returned that they'd never have to look at those bodies the way that so many had had to before.
He would have died if Steve hadn’t been here. He would have died because of socks.
“Have a good look.” He snaps and Peter jerks back as though struck. He hates himself for that jab, especially when the worry leaves Peter’s eyes and anger floods them instead.
"Easy would be being in a stable relationship. Easy would be Thanos never happening. Easy would be trusting Steve and not worrying every time he tells me something that he's keeping another huge bomb from me. Easy would be not
“So there could be more out there?” Tony swallowed, looking out through the window into the forest outside, “Wouldn’t we have seen these ships?”
He imagines Tony, thrown in a room by Osborn, alone, and then seeing old friends open that door only to shut it locked again anyway.
"Of course." He swiped her hair from her face and stroked it back, kissing her forehead again and kneeling beside her, rubbing her stomach with his other hand until she started to fall asleep. Once he was sure she was gone, he stood and turned to see Steve leaning against the doorway with his arms folded. He was smiling, "What?"
Instead, however, she sits and fidgets and twists her fingers together like she isn’t sure how to start.
In Wakanda, Vision had been killed despite their efforts and even with Thor back, Thanos had won. He'd gotten everything.
"You know, it's nothing I haven't seen before." Steve reminded him dryly and now Tony took his hand off of his arm, "I just - "
“Steve now you’re not making sense.” Jess argues but a knock interrupts them. Peter steps in when he realises the flat’s unlocked and he sees them both stood there.
“Sounds to me like someone who was very depressed.” Steve counters and Peter worries over his lip, “Someone who needed help not confinement.”
is not out of the realm of possibilities!"
"Well maybe, like most of the world, he blames us for this." Tony offered and she stopped.
He stops breathing for a moment, his mind working overtime as he pieces everything together. It can’t be.
A week later, he heads back to the mansion and back to Tony’s lab. It’s still intact compared to the rest of the building, and he sits at the same desk that Tony had sat in before.
“That was my choice.” Steve says, “And that does not make Tony dangerous either.”
“Yesterday was one of his worst episodes.” Jess explains, “I didn’t know who else to get to help him. I knew you would.”
“Just get some sleep Tony.” Steve says, exhausted, “We’ll talk more in the morning.”
“To be your leader again, not for this,” Steve snaps, “No one told me Tony was – how long has he been in confinement?” No one answers, “How long?” He demands, turning to the corner, “Bucky?”
“Is she okay?” He asked and Anna lifted her head up to look at him, “Hey. Hey, Anna. Are you okay?”
"Natas - "
“Come on Tony,” He says, “We can talk more about this outside, okay.
Steve turns away for a moment, pressing a hand over his eyes, “Oh Tony.” He tries to compose himself but too many memories jar his attempts and he isn’t sure he can handle seeing a man he’s loved for so long act so lost. “Tony … “
Tony huffed out a short, sniff-filled laugh, when he understood, "There are better ways to offer a shoulder to cry on." He said, his blood cooling.
Anna was in Steve's arms and when she saw him she reached out sleepily and he took her into his own. Despite her nap, she was clearly tired again now and it had been long enough since dinner for her to sleep again. Steve followed him up to their room and went to the bathroom as Tony went about undressing their daughter and getting her ready for bed.
“He wouldn’t accept help from any of us and – with everything else and the mess Osborn and his gang left, we had our hands full,” He shifts, “I figured, if he didn’t want to eat, he didn’t want to eat. It was his choice.”
Steve frowns, folding his arms across his chest, “Fine.” He says, “Explain.”
“We couldn’t have had him bat-shit crazy and running around like that,” Luke says, “It was bad enough he’d been crazy and in charge of SHRA, and then even crazier when the Skrulls attacked.”
“He doesn’t listen,” She repeats, “And he can’t keep going back there but no one – there’s no one willing to try but I know he’ll listen to you. He always has.”
“You thought I’d care yesterday.”
“Did you know about the Hole?” Steve asks her and she blinks.
Steve downs his drink, “Look Jess. I don’t know what you want from me – ”
“Right beneath it.” He said.
It’s glowing.
He runs now, ignoring the moans of the mansion around him, but once he peeks through the gap he can see Tony standing on top of the broken elevator. And he’s fine.
"It's a problem because beanstalks go
"Nothing," He lifted her off of the bed so he could pull the sheets back, letting her climb back on herself, "It's time for bed."
He leaves the room then, refusing to watch as Tony is undressed and packed away in ice like a stack of meat. He heads for the penthouse instead, for the Hole, intent on smashing it to pieces.
“Tony’s – not been right.” She says, “He needs help.” There’s an understatement, “He doesn’t know where he is, or what’s going on half the time and he – he’s vulnerable.”
“I thought those things were in Wakanda,” Tony said, “And most of them were dead too.”
Peter shakes his head, looking pale, “It’s here.” He says, “The tower.” Steve pauses, staring at him, “Osborn changed it when he took over. There’s a room at the top that he put Tony in.”
Tony is pale beside him and it takes him a moment for him to realise that they’re not alone. Shield agents are gathered in the grounds, a van parked by the old gate, and there’s a few reporters scattered around as well; not nearly as much as there would have been years ago but enough to garner attention.
He sighed, shrugging slowly, "I kind of had to." He admitted, "I didn't have the time to think it over or worry about my feelings, the world was being attacked. And it's been so long now, it doesn't really matter anymore."
Steve notices and rounds on him, “I guess it was your idea, huh. To throw him in there.” Hank glowers at him, “Punish him for Janet.”
Steve lets him and gets into the car, holding Tony until they’re by his flat. Peter comes in with him and Tony wobbles on his feet and runs for the bathroom. They hear him vomit again.
Steve sits again, his anger still itching under his skin but his imagination conjures an image of a lost and scared Tony that mollifies it a little, “What do you mean, out alone?”
“And I’m right to.”
“He got you killed Cap.” He says, “He lied. He attacked us, he used us, and he got you killed. All because he was going insane.”
.” He murmurs and Steve feels like crying.
“Once.” He says, “After Osborn.” He rubs his cheek, “He was in the suit. We didn’t talk.”
"For what happened during our fight, years ago.” She clarified, “I let Steve and Barnes go, remember?"
So this was so difficult to write. Anyway the real story begins at the next chapter. I'll try to post every weekend.
"Hi" Tony answers in the same tone.
-Skip time (again;)-
"I don't know let's see" He answers and drives closer."I think it's a festival. Oh look there's a ferris wheel! Let's go! "
"I swear you're an overgrown baby"
Tony's sitting lazily on the workshop's counter. He's finished everything he had left undone last noon so he could make it to the cafe on time and he's waiting for any costumer to walk in.
Half an hour later I am sitting in a small table next to the widow and he's sitting across me.
" Lead the way Steve" Tony comes out again holding his tool box. They get out of the shop as the blond says " So you are working here and the cafe? " " Yeah I think I mentioned the other day that I have no free time " " Yeah yes you did... Oh here we are this is the car"
*present*
Without knowing what else to do to keep a conversation Steve tries to take in his surroundings. They have left behind them the cafe and they've entered a poor neighborhood. There're only old buildings which Steve is surprised that they even stand.
"How can I help you?"
"We're here to see-" She starts only to be interrupted by a certain brunet.
Tony immediately drops whatever he's doing and follows him. As he stops at the open door he's suddenly not sure what to do. Should he mention the files first or engage a small talk ?
"Well now I'm here you don't have to worry" Tony chuckles as he walks in.
He sits awkwardly on the chair and looks around him. Although Tony is apparently really poor there's a laptop on the table and Steve is surprised by the jealousy he feels with the thought that it's probably a gift.
A bit later when Steve makes his appearance at the living room and  witnesses the younger boy clinging to an older man dressed in a military uniform he knows he was right from the beginning when he thought that this would be a better present than anything he could ever buy with money. This and the letter in his pocket reading :
"It's okay just forgive me I'm really sorry"
Steve immediately picks his stuff and checks the time. 11:30 so Tony will be at the workshop. As he's ready to leave the place his phone rings.
"Eh... Ugh... I actually... Em IwaslookingforTony" he says without taking a breath.
"Good morning. There is something I actually wanted to talk to you about." He decides to go for it.
"You're a genius" Steve says as an answer.
I decided to make an attempt to write a multi-chapter story. So this is just the introduction in Tony's life. I'll try to make an update schedule. This is also on Wattpad. English isn't my native language.
"Okay then how about that? I'm Captain America! "
"You'll do great my poor beautiful genius"
"Oh... Thank you! " Tony blushes.
I am sitting in his living room and thinking. Thinking about what I was ready to do. If he hadn't come I would have jump. I know I would. What I don't know is do I really want to jump? He probably didn't let me to do the worst thing I could have done.
"I have. Bucky, he's my best friend since ever. More like a brother. "
"Finally! I thought you changed your mind, love" Steve shouts as soon as he opens the door to his penthouse.
"It seems like you're polite to everyone but me huh? " Tony asks with a mocking smile.
"Okay then... Start talking"
To Steve's disappointment Tony didn't show up before dinner. The table was set and the food served. Howard's wife Maria had made her appearance a few minutes before but the genius was still no where in sight.
He settles on Star Wars ,which is actually on the top of the list the genius prepared for him and he heads to the kitchen to prepare a snack. It's safe to say he didn't expect Tony there pouring himself a glass of wine.
As soon as we are out of his father's sight he turns to me.
"But why? " The man asks looking kinda offended.
"I'm sure you have someone you trust and care about though... "
"We're having a movie night at my place tonight. " He let's Tony know.
It's 10 o clock and there's still no costumer so he decides to study for a while. He wasn't able to pay for the Wi-Fi yet and he didn't have the chance to attend his lessons for a while.
"Yeah... " The teen murmurs hesitantly " Well... Lately I had some problems with my boss in the workshop. You see he did some illegal shit and I'd told him he had to tell me if he wants to keep doing it because I could get in trouble, you know "he starts.
They take their ice creams, Tony chocolate and Steve cookies, and walk through the tents fingers intertwined both with a huge smile on their face.
. Bucky was up and outside the door before he consciously knew what he was doing.
Steve couldn’t get a hold of himself. Couldn’t get himself in check.
Steve wears it anyway.
******
Tony’s eyes over the mark seemed to sooth just the same as his scent did. Steve wanted to know what Tony’s mouth would feel like there.
Throughout the argument, Tony and Fury’s back and forth, Steve says nothing. Steve says nothing on the matter at all, actually, but the team all still find out about Tony and Fury’s spat the next day.
Because Steve hadn’t always been an alpha.
“Can you tell me what you were doing?” he asked, knowing Bucky would probably struggle to talk for a few hours.
He should want to back down sooner. He should want to protect instead of intimidate.
Steve didn’t bother to answer, and that should have tipped Tony off somehow, but those thoughts somehow fell and clattered dully in the back of his head and his brain hyper focused on
Of course, everyone knew that the serum changed Steve’s designation. It was just always presumed that it changed from beta, like the majority of the population, to alpha.
It is a torture so much more efficient than any Tony’s been subjected to.
So much has been bittersweet lately.
He pauses though. He has Steve’s left hand in his own.
This wasn’t the gentle pushing, the good intentioned “you need to look after yourself, Captain” talk.
Bucky sat in murky grey water, pink from the heat while Steve gently poured water over his head, trying to get his hair clean and detangled.
Of course Alpha Steve didn’t go through heat.
He settles for pouring himself a drink or three.
. That he was
For a few minutes things feel so domestically normal that he forgets that Steve isn’t an alpha anymore.
“Not any classic I’ve ever heard,” Steve says with a closed off, pinched expression.
The mask is similar to the Winter Soldier, and Tony tells himself that it’s because it’s practical and not anything to do with trying to make positive associations for Barnes.
That’s how he found himself outside Steve and Tony’s room last night, stuck deep in that part of himself he wanted nothing more than to hide, and just needing his… his friends. His friends who cared for him.
Tony is quiet a long time in the wake of Steve’s question, but he knows Tony knows what he’s talking about because he stops tapping against his chest.
He looks so small when he pulls himself up and slides onto a barstool.
to tell him what to do.
He kept to himself.
He instinctively looks to Tony, checking to see if he’s been disturbed by the ruckus.
“Nope,” he said. It was still like laying next to
“Stevie,” Bucky gasped, shaky.
He thinks maybe kissing him would feel wrong, but it doesn’t feel that way either.
“You know it’s not Sharon, right?” Tony asks.
Steve blinked in surprise before he started laughing, “I’m not blushing,
He’d been pretty good about that. There was nothing that Steve and Tony did for him that he couldn’t do on his own… until… until it came time for
“Shh,” Steve tried to soothe again, “You’re not in trouble, I promise,” he said, and put his book down slowly, telegraphing the movement.
He wants to burn himself on the taste of Steve, thinks it might be possible if he tastes as sharp as he smells.
Steve feels perfect in his arms.
Wasn’t that the irony of it all?
Bucky then had to listen to Sam outline what was wrong with his behaviour. Sleeping on the floor, sitting up, with weapons in hand. Sleeping during the day. Not entering a ‘rem’ sleep. The list went on, and so did the pitying look on Sam’s face.
Tony doesn’t feel the blows that Steve lands.
Tony pulled out a few bottles and a handful of little glass vials. He handed the bottles to Steve, gave him the instructions on what to do, then uncapped the vials.
They were all just passing through.
It’s made to Steve’s liking.
antagonize Steve like he always does.
and Tony had been treating them as if they were.
Steve who apparently needs glasses with the way he’s squinting at Tony sat at the bar.
Starts with meeting
Tony had messed up.
Steve is nearly draped over Barnes. Nat and Sam have made a home on the floor leaning on the couch on either side of the other beta’s legs. Steve’s are tucked under himself. The rest of the team are there, Tony’s sure. He doesn’t notice them though.
He’d known that since Steve had ambushed the bunker housing the sleeping Winter Soldier and Bucky had failed to defend the base when he saw the attackers face. Known it since he turned and ran as fast and as far as he could.
It’s after Peggy’s funeral that Steve is back in New York again, and he’s still rattled by the whole thing. It didn’t feel right being there with Sharon, and Steve thinks that’s not entirely on him. Sharon… she seemed about as distant as Steve imagines he himself has been since the very start of this, since the day they met.
Still interacts with the team.
Steve smiles, “Yeah, sure. Professional,” Steve laughs.
He never did. Steve thinks that may have just made it worse somehow.
In retrospect, none of his next actions made him feel much like leaving anyway.
“Look,” Steve says to Tony, no greeting, no pretense, just straight to the point, “Unless you know something I don’t know, I’m going to have to trust Shield on this,” Steve says because sometimes it really does seem like Tony might know something more than he lets on. More than Steve for certain.
But it feels real.
He’s been avoiding spending more than a few minutes in the morning with anyone besides the bots.
Steve’s not strategic then. There’s nothing to win. He thinks he may have won already.
I never thought I would actually post it and when I did I was sure that no one will ever see it. But you did and I'm grateful
(See the end of the chapter for
*present*
"Of course doll! What's wrong? Buck get out please. "
"Hey Tones! You look beautiful. Oh those are for you! " He gives the younger boy the bouquet of red roses he's holding.
As it turned out returning the stones wasn't as hard as he expected. It was quite simple really. The hardest part was saying goodbye to everyone,Bruce, Clint,Sam and of course Bucky, knowing that he wouldn't see them for a long long time. He already knew that there was no way he would come back immediately after the job was done. He belonged in the past.
I look myself in the mirror and I hate me too. I can't stand the way I let them hurt me and see me broken every time.
"I was 11... It was Monday evening they were out the whole day something for work I'd gone to school and return. It was late they hadn't come back. I decided to go to bed. As I was ready to fall asleep the phone rang. It was an accident. A drunk driver. My father tried to avoid him and they hit a tree. There was nothing left the car was completely burned. There were no survivors. "
"It's nice" Tony agrees.
(See the end of the chapter for
♩✧♪●♩○♬☆♩✧♪●♩○♬☆♩✧♪●♩○♬☆♩✧♪●♩○♬☆
"Yeah of course I'll go check on him. Did he mention if it's something serious? "
Other than the laptop there's only a book. The man is ashamed of himself when he notices how clean and tidy the room is. If he didn't have a maid his penthouse would have been a total mess.
"I can't believe this kid! Can he never be where he's supposed to be in time?" Howard complained loudly.
I wake up and I realize that Tony has gone. I sigh. And then I see it. A piece of paper on the table. I take it and read it loud. It's just two words but I know that means a lot to him. Thank you.
And then the hell started.
He serves his previous customer and goes to take the men's order. "Good afternoon gentlemen what can bring you? " He asks politely but apparently the blond doesn't appreciate it since he grunts and says " Ugh finally! God the service in this hole is absolutely terrible!"
He leaves me laying on the floor. I stand up trying not to scream from the pain. Tears bubble in my eyes as I head to the toilets.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So Bucky this Natasha and the idiot next to her is Clint. They're my best friends. Guys this is Bucky Barnes Steve's best friend" Tony makes the introductions.
" Ohh I have all the comics!"
*POV*Tony
Natasha as well. Her loss is another thing he never expected or was ready to experience. She was always next to him whenever he needed her. A solid presence when he felt insecure about everything in this new, different, confusing century. He felt lost.
Finally after a bit of walking alone in the streets of the city he found himself in the SHIELD headquarters that hadn't changed their location all these years later.
Steve walks quietly back to his car and drives to his office. He walk in only to find his best friend Bucky sitting on his desk  his legs swaying back and forth lazily.
After that for a while he felt nothing. Everything was a buzzing noise. No one could take him out of the numbness inside his head.
As soon as I am outside I notice a boy standing in the edge. He seems ready to jump.
"The I'm sorry but I can't allow you entrance"
*flashback and the fun begins;)*
"Wha... What was like? "
After that he only saw his parents at special occasions and celebrations. He spent his Christmas spring and summer breaks either with at his friends mansions either in exotic islands and other countries.
"Fine"
"Tony..."
He looks at Tony's calm face as his smaller frame is curled up in his chest and he feels so comfortable and warm there that he doesn't think of getting up just yet.
"Thank you"he whispers and he leaves.
Just before he turns in the corner he hears Rogers swearing. Tony always cares about the others. It was a promise he made to himself when he managed to rent the apartment. He'll always help whoever needs help. So he looks back and says loud enough for Steve to hear him " Hey Rogers you can of course come to mine to spend the night " He waits a little and as he's about to leave the older man comes slowly " Thank you kid I owe you " " Since I know your name without you wanting me to I'll tell you mine... I am Tony" " Well nice to meet you Tony and again thank you " " Pleasure all mine and don't be so grateful as soon as you see the place you'll freak out".
The redhead glares at him apparently unimpressed " You look like you peed yourself. Calm down."
As Bucky complies with a groan Steve beckons Tony to come closer. He walks to man he's pretty sure he loves and gets in his arms.
"Okay it's really cold here let's go inside in my apartment .You can stay tonight if you want"
" First of all thank you for not saying anything. " I know he has some other things to tell me but I cut him off "Tony I could never say something if you don't want me to. It's your life you make the decisions but I need you to know that if you want someone to talk I'll be there. Here's my number don't hesitate to call or text me anytime" I say as I give him a paper with my number on.
"Haha sounds fair"
"Okay what happened? What do you know? Why are you smiling like that? Clint! Why is she smiling like that?"
"Hey there Cap! What's up? " The man greets.
"Ugh sorry I slept in. "
After about a year he managed to make enough money to rent a really small studio apartment. His housekeeper is very understanding and never push him to pay at time he always says whenever Tony can. The man also bought him a laptop and helped him sign up for online courses so he can go to college. Tony owes everything he has to this guy.
" So Steve I have to find a nickname for you. I'm the nickname king you can't have one for me if I don't have one for you! "
Tony talks for the first time as he opens the front door of his apartment. " Well this is it please don't freak out I know it's probably smaller than your bathroom. Try to make yourself comfortable while I take shower. If you need some water or anything there's in the fridge. Sorry I would offer you something else but I believe that you won't like tomato soup in a can so yeah... " With that he leaves Steve alone.
"Daddy," She murmured and he paused to look at her, "Are donkeys real?"
Tony’s face hardens, “I’m not confused,” He glares, “I’m tired of being told that.”
“I can’t!”
“I don’t know. Maybe.”
Ghosts in the night.
“He was talking to ghosts. Or to himself.” Sam says, “And he was a mess, he’d get confused. Kept thinking anyone dead was alive and vice-versa.” He stops and Steve stares.
He found him in the laundry room, folding away a pair of pants from the dryer, and he snapped his head up when Tony slammed the book down on the rest of the clothes.
“Sleep. And sanity.” Peter walks out without a goodbye at that and Steve hates how unfair he’s being. But then life isn’t fair and what’s happened to Tony is beyond unfair.
“No, Steve, I’m not leaving her!” He glared at him, “I’ll get my armour in the morning and I’m staying here. I’m not leaving an AI to protect my daughter from alien monsters.”
Tony stared at it, panting hard, and all he could think was that his armour was underground a mile away and his daughter was vulnerable and in his arms. He couldn't protect her right now, he had nothing, and if that thing was in here then Bruce wasn't out there. And neither was Natasha.
"He did, huh."
Tony’s eyes are half shut, a crescent of white only, and his lips are parted. The mattress is stained red.
“Why didn’t you ask about him?” Is her counter, “I’d no idea if you’d care or not and I didn't want to drag up bad memories.”
which was a phrase he hoped she'd never think to use against him.
He tried each one several times anyway because the Universe had to throw them a bone. They hadn't been able to fight Thanos the first time and now there was less of them. They needed more people, they needed an army, and they needed a plan. Looking for Thanos was all well and good but he had no idea what they'd do when they found him. He had all six infinity stones and he'd exterminated half the Universe with it, god knew what else he could do.
"What?" He rubbed at his eyes, "You - "
“Could be a ship.” Natasha agreed and Steve stood, towering over them.
“Steve?” Tony asks, standing. There’s a bruise around his neck that hadn’t been there before and Steve files a reminder to find out which agent is responsible, away, “Wha – ?”
.” He scorns.
“What day is it?” Steve asks and immediately regrets it. Tony gives him a long look, reminding him of the fact that he’s been locked away in the dark for god knows how long.
“I’m crazy.” He whispers, like it’s all Steve needs to know to justify this, “And I’ve broken out before.”
“He’s in my room. I’m letting him sleep in.” He puts his coffee down and walks past her to open the door, slipping in quietly. Tony’s lying on his stomach, his face pressed to the pillows, and he looks pale even now.
She sighed, running a hand through her hair, "No. Tidying it up will just make me want to do it all over again." She pushed past him to sit over the edge of the bed, her face pinched and pinking with fresh anger. Tony stepped over a pile of what looked like rats but was probably wigs and joined her.
"Fine," He didn't shake the grip off, "I'm just gonna get dressed."
"So are donkeys not real too?"
"Yeah and I said I don't want her to have anything with weapons on it." He sighed, "Believe me, okay, Steve. I'd love to give her whatever she really wants but right now, keeping her safe is all that matters. She'll be fine with any doll."
"Is it a monster?" She buried her face in his neck and he held her tight, turning toward Steve's cot to find it empty. Another crash sounded, nearer to the door now, and he spun around to face it. He heard Bruce yell and the sound of the bat and then something was snarling. Anna whimpered in his ear as claws ripped through the wood of their door and one of those creatures from the battle in Wakanda forced its way inside.
"Justified." She snapped and he rolled his eyes.
“Thursday.” Steve tells him and he lowers his eyes, almost ashamed at having the answer wrong.
Logan snaps.
I don't trust you. I'd trust you with my life but not my secrets and that's okay, it's how we are, and I
“This is my drawer. My room.” Tony tells him, “Why wouldn’t it be here?”
“Um. … you called me.” He sounds small and Steve nods, leading him to the room. Usually, there’d be a time for them to grieve and react to shock, but right now Tony’s body’s still losing blood and the room smells like a butcher’s shop.
He stands to join her, running his hands down the walls as he does, and his fingers come away damp. He looks back and sees a grey spot growing from a drip of water in the corner. He stares, his hands shaking.
He paused, his slowly growing relief that she'd come to talk vanishing, "I'm sorry, what?" He stared in disbelief, not quite sure where the hell that had come from, "How is it easier for me? I - what?"
Downstairs, they gathered to discuss what the hell had happened now that the shock was over. The creature’s body was in a bag that Steve said he’d dispose of tomorrow but the main question was how it had gotten here.
“Uh, no Anna, you didn’t lose it,” He said, “I just – realised that that book is really stupid and that you’re much too smart for it. I’ll find you a better one.” Tony narrowed his eyes, “It might take me a while though.”
“You are real.” Tony states, his soft contentment swimming away.
"It’s not as easy as before, no, but don’t pretend this isn't everything you've ever wanted Tony," Natasha sighed, "It's easier for you because you
"Probably because I haven't showered in a few days," He said and she scrunched up her nose, "Yeah I know, it's pretty gross. I just haven't had the time."
, but we were divided and we didn't call on people who could have helped." She rubbed a hand over her red knuckles, "We didn't listen to
Since this plane’s crash, everything had been cleared away by anyone able and the graveyards were as full as ever but it was still a haunting sight. Humanity had mourned for four years on for many like it but it didn't feel remotely close to healing yet, though they were getting there. Everything everywhere had changed however, and there was a very strong probability that it would never go back to how it had been.
“It’s for the best,” He says, “He never should have been let out.”
There was a plane in the middle of Central Park.
"Twice."
“What is this?” He asks, his voice raw, and he wonders if Jess had called them after he’d refused to help. One of the agents steps forward.
“Well obviously one of them decided to come sight-see New York.” Natasha muttered.
"Nothing," He came into the room, already in his baggy white Tee and shorts that he wore to bed, "I just love seeing you with her." Tony rolled his eyes, leaving the room to get changed himself but Steve caught his arm before he could leave, "Hey. You okay?"
