John paused and stared up into the detective's face, caught between anger and shock. After a heartbeat, anger won out, “Be that as it may, it leaves one of us without a place to sleep, and I deduce that it is going to be you, goodnight Holmes,” and with that, John turned and strode down the hallway, slamming the door to Sherlock’s bedroom behind him.
“Jesus fuck, ow…damn…shit,” John startles upright in my bed, blanket falling away as he flails and gasps in pain.
He turned back before shaking his head at John’s skeptical look, “More? You want more, alright. Baskerville —”
John became accustomed to the nightly feeling of fuzzy, warm arousal and being lulled to sleep as Sherlock’s hands continued their wave-like drift across his skin before awaking in Sherlock’s bed some hours later. Sometimes Sherlock would be asleep beside him, other time the detective would be missing, off filling his time with bodies and mysteries and experiments.
“No,” Sherlock took a step back and settled into his chair, “No, we can continue as we are. You can continue to cling desperately to the hope that masturbation will address this issue.”
Sherlock growled, actually growled, and the sound went straight to John’s groin, and yet he held firm to the frame, knuckles white, “What? What could possibly be important right now, John?”
“John!” Sherlock reached out, his arms circling under John’s and drawing him up out of the water and against his chest, “I’ve got you, I’ve got you.”
Sherlock stood and stepped close to John, folding his arms around the shorter mans waist and nestling his chin on John’s shoulder, looking down at the upturned bowl, “Do you like it? It’s you.”
“John…..?” Sherlock tried to get an elbow under him to prop himself up, “You’re not leaving me here, surely.”
“No, you are, you know you are.” John let that hang for a while, allowing Sherlock to digest his words before continuing, “Just as well that you are… if I’m moving back in.”
Silence settled on the room as the two men sipped, Sherlock unsure where to start, and John content to wait.
I experiment with a gentle nip and tug of his bottom lip and he draws back startled, before sucking the offended flesh between his own lips, quirking an appraising grin at me and diving back in, the lip pressed back between mine with unabashed consent.
John relaxed his grip and placed the injector on the floor next to the chair, “Because on the first night we met, you asked me if I was any good.”
John felt the anger melt away at Sherlock’s tone and sighed, coming to sit on the edge of the bed, “No, Sherlock. That’s not what I’m saying at all. I’m saying,” John’s own gaze dropped before he straightened his shoulders and looked back up, admitting the truth, “I’m saying I don’t trust myself.”
Sherlock’s arse was already glistening with lubrication, his cheeks already starting to gape as his dark hole beginning the process of natural dilation in readiness for an Alpha, “Fuck, Sherlock, you’re the perfect Omega, laying there waiting for me.”
When instead there was a flash of red fabric that he assumed it was simply a cloth Sherlock had wrapped his paraphernalia in, but that he realized was far more substantial as he hefted the bundle out onto the floor.
Sherlock chuckled in spite of himself and then picked out the others decorating the crockery. Lestrade, with a tiny pair of handcuffs,  and Molly with a ponytail lurked on the sides, as did one for Mrs Hudson in a suitable purple dress. John explained that he’d hunted down the food-safe paint especially and Sherlock nodded in approval.
I’ll be honest with you, Sherlock, if you’d have stopped there, I don’t think I’d be struggling so badly. If you’d just fucking
But perhaps I’ve been wrong (That statement alone makes me regret writing this note). Perhaps I left more of an impression on you than I’d ………..
As he steadied himself on the edge of the desk he replied shakily, “I’m fine, truly I am, it all just became suddenly… very real indeed.”
John tipped the paper back up, his reply coming hidden behind the oversized sheets, “Nope, not really.”
As John tossed and turned under Sherlock’s rich bedding, he wondered if this plan wasn’t such a good idea.
There was silence and then the sound of a door closing, followed by the musical clatter of China rattling on a tray as John approached the bedroom door.
Echoing Sherlock’s words from earlier in the evening, John approached and lay a hand on the detective’s arm, “Nothing need happen, you know that, yes? I’m perfectly content to continue just as we always have.”
“There wasn’t anything sexual in it,” when John glanced up to see a sceptical look on Sherlock’s face he swiftly added, “No, there wasn't… Well, not beyond… look, it’s complicated. You don’t understand, Holmes, you can’t possibly. They never touched me back, that would have been…” He risked another glance, “inappropriate. It was just doing what needed to be done.”
Eyes wide, John fought against the visceral desire to flee. His hunter training penetrated far enough to recognise that if an attack were to come, he’d likely be dead before his feet hit the floor. Iin any case and a deeper, more sentimental part of him hoped that Sherlock cared enough to let him live even if he tried.
“Nearly there, John… Patience, you’re nearly there.” Sherlock’s voice had taken on a viscous, syrupy quality; as if he were drowning in John’s arousal.
Without a word, Sherlock silently shifted his hand the sparse inches separating them and lay his over John’s on the railing. A small intimacy in a public place, leaning close he whispered, “John…”
“You’re not erect,”John stated the fact as emotionlessly as he could manage, given Sherlock was standing half naked in front of him, and they were discussing things they
“Bad day?” came the question from the kitchen, and John hadn’t even had the energy to grunt in reply.
At John’s outburst, Sherlock had shrunk back a little into the pillows, the force of emotion in the words and John’s bearing left no room for argument. Frustration had tinged John’s chest and cheeks red and passion had balled his fists in the sheets at Sherlock’s waist.
“Years,” Sherlock worked the last of John’s buttons undone and pushed his shirt off his shoulders, “years!”
Reaching up to cup the back of Sherlock’s head, John replied tenderly, “I think I’m getting the idea. It’s alright, Sherlock, I want you just as much.” The evidence of how much was evident between them as their cocks lay hot and hard alongside each other. John shifted, dragging them against each other.
John stilled for a moment and considered. It was true that a flu-like ache pulled at his muscles. A deep bone-weariness no doubt a result of the blood-loss and all he wanted to do was snuggle back down and sleep. But……sleep in Sherlock’s bed….next to him….It was madness of a scale unheard of in hunter histories.
John woke sometime during the night, still surrounded by Sherlock’s scent, which he thought probably explained the lurid dream he’d awoken from. In the altogether irrational world that dreams are wont to muster, not only had he and Holmes had been naked, they’d been engaged in the most depraved of activities in the back of a very public hansom cab. For some unknown reason that he didn’t wish to dwell on, his unconscious mind had helpfully supplied what seemed a very plausible version of the exact groan the detective would likely make as John had lazily fisted his cock in time with the bouncing and jostling of the wheels.
“That’d be… umm, yeah, that’d be… good.” Sherlock was now running his firm hands along the lengths of both feet, sliding smoothly up and back down John’s calves as far as he could reach.
Sherlock forged ahead, “My mind-palace seems to be taking the opportunity to explore what may have happened if I’d have told you I was… that I… your response…” he trailed off.
I edge forward, testing the way before pushing home. John’s whine is equal parts discomfort and contentment. I know the feeling, having been in that position myself. The odd feeling of having to make way and yet welcoming the intruder.
To tired to argue, John slipped off the chair the sit I front of Sherlock, their knees inches apart.
At the first shudder of oversensitivity, Sherlock unfurled his hand and John released his rictus grip on Sherlock’s hair, moving his hand to cup Sherlock’s face as he opened his eyes to see Sherlock gazing at him from the pillow next to him, lids heavy and sated.
“No, it’s…” Sherlock eased smoothly out of the bed and peeled his soiled pyjamas off, tossing them carelessly toward the bathroom door, “fine.”
“More than – alright – gonna be – more than – enough,” John was breathing hard, trying desperately to think of something other than the feel of those amazing hands on his skin as Sherlock tightened his grip a little, “God, don’t stop.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and the shine of fang tips appeared against his full lips, “But, I’d quite like to know who’s trying to make it seem like I have. Want to help me find out?”
Sherlock awoke the following morning to the hushed sounds of John talking to Mrs Hudson, lifting his head he strained to make out the words.
“Never,” John managed to mumble as the thumb brushed featherlight across his nipple again as he felt it pebble in response, “Nobody has ever touched me like this.”
“Better…” Sherlock’s rumbled baritone seemed to fold itself around John in the same way as his arms.
they make that mistake?” John slipped out the other side of the bed and stretched, padding toward the bathroom and continuing the conversation as he went.
There was no helping the whispered profanity that slipped from John’s mouth as he shifted on the floor, desperately trying to make himself more comfortable within the confines of his jeans.
John’s eyes softened minutely but his tone was unwavering, “Sherlock, there’s time for other… food…” the word was hissed between tight lips, “…later.” He dove down to kiss Sherlock hard on the lips, “But right now… I… want… dessert.”
John rose silently from his chair and ran nervous fingers across his moustache as he watched his usually eloquent friend struggle to put his thoughts into words. Once again, the crushing solitude of Sherlock Holmes buffeted John and as the taller man moved from his chair to stand at the window shrouded by the shadowy curtains.
Sometimes Sherlock would read, holding a book open in his other hand and awkwardly turning pages, other nights he’d turn on the telly and drop the volume low. But always it ended the same way; Sherlock would finally put aside what he was doing and apply his focus to John, smoothing, stroking and setting John’s skin alight with tingles until John drifted to sleep.
John looked toward the stairs with horror. The thought of being an entire floor away from Sherlock an insurmountable dread. He leaned his forehead against Sherlock’s chest in defeat and Sherlock’s hand came up to cradle the back of his skull comfortingly.
Sherlock was halfway down the corridor, John following in Sherlock’s wake as usual when Doctor Cottesloe called to him, “Oh, and Mr Holmes?”
He must have made some sort of a noise because John lifted his head and turned sharply toward him, sudden concern in his eyes, “Sherlock?”
John looked up to where Sherlock’s eyes glinted in the meagre gaslight stepped in closer than he ought and as the bulging fronts of their trousers made the slightest of contact in the shadows of the darkened bridge he murmured huskily, “Please.”
Whatever the case, he’d respect Sherlock’s privacy, give him space and do as he promised. He’d go inside, get them a table by the fire and he’d order them dinner.
willing partners.” Sherlock was peppering John’s shoulder with gentle kisses, seemingly lost to post-coital glow.
It was bad enough that Sherlock had killed a man to try and preserve whatever fucked up life John had been trying to build with an ex-assassin.
“This doesn’t have to mean anything, you know,” John turned his head to look at the man beside him, “It doesn’t have to change a thing. Think of it as me, your Doctor, treating you again.”
John ran his hand gently up and down Sherlock’s arm, “Slowly, Sherlock; they’ll proceed slowly. For all my experience as a married man, this will be new to me too. I told you of my experiences in the army and that is the entirety of it. Let me simply say that my intention is to bring you joy and that, in turn, will give me the greatest pleasure.”
“Yes, I remember you said I had a rather extravagant moustache,” John smiled, “to accompany your rather extravagant ego,” he added.
John snapped his fingers, “Sherlock, pay attention… I’m not finished.” John took another couple of steps, bringing him within arm’s reach of his mate, “Mr… ‘it’s all just transport’. You think I…” with Sherlock kneeling, John was almost at eye level with him, “don’t want… you?” he emphasised the point with a poke to Sherlock’s chest.
“What we want to know, is whether you really matter to him. You see, we think you were just useful to him, a tool to be applied as needed. Bat those pretty eyes at you, pitch that voice
What he could see of the top surface was richly embroidered and of far weightier material than he’d first thought. It was about the size of Sherlock’s Belstaff when folded for travel and John wondered if it too was a coat, albeit a garishly coloured one.
For a sickening moment, John thought he’d overstepped the mark and offended Sherlock until the voice in his ear whispered, “As much as this pains me to say this, John, No.” Sherlock held his fingers gently, “Sore, John, remember? Try up here instead.”
Sherlock huffed a frustrated sigh, “You’re too tired to argue with, right now. I’ve fed and should be fine for the next week, now. We’ll discuss the rest in the morning.
John ran a soothing hand up Sherlock’s back, wishing he could see Sherlock’s face, but thinking perhaps the darkness was a gift, “Are you sure?”
“Who makes the rules?” John hovered over Sherlock’s mouth, breathing the words into his lover’s mouth.
Sherlock pushed the vegetables around his plate, making vague, artistic trails in the thin gravy. On the opposite side of the table, John stabbed at his peas with more force than necessary and did rather more throat clearing than appropriate in someone not suffering Tuberculosis.
“No, you wait John. You people, you…hunters” He virtually spat the words, “think you’re so virtuous, so righteous. Has it crossed your mind for one moment…just one…that you’re no better than those you hunt?”
John smiled at his own internal joke as he stood over the sleeping man, the sharpened stake clutched over his head in his stocky hand.
“Yes, you saw exactly what you think you saw. No, it’s not done with mirrors, or wires or a trick. Yes, it moved on its own. Yes, it’s mine. No, you can’t try it on. Next?”
“At some point…” John stepped quietly into the room and tried to adopt a suitably serious pose, “I’m going to mention your state of dress. When I do that, I want to assure you, it will be difficult to appear appropriately professional.”
John cupped Sherlock’s cheek, “I Promise. Oh God, I’m so sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t know, didn’t ask.”
“And who… “ the question was lost in a hiss as John reached under the fine silk of Sherlock’s shirt to graze a fingernail over a pebbled nipple.
With a final unsolicited rumble of completion, John arches from the bed as every muscle in his body seems to lock and tremble, hugging me tight within himself and dragging me over the edge of the cliff with him.
“Calm down, Watson. The belongings you left behind are perfectly safe, they’ve just been… relocated.”
do that to you right now. That’s interesting. No, I have suppliers; they… provide what I need. Think of it as a vampire blood bank if you like.”
“No,” the shake of John’s head was almost imperceptible against Sherlock’s shoulder, “I want you to look after R-Rosie.” With great effort, he pulled his face away to look up into Sherlock’s worried eyes, “I need you to p-p-promise me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened and then narrowed as he held a pale hand against the horrendous gash in his chest, “You know!”
John pressed in again, tipping up on the balls of his feet and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s, effectively cutting off the last of a chuckle and Sherlock tensed beneath his mouth with a gasp.
book. It’s your cases, after all. I just wrote them up,” John flicked through the mail he’d brought in from the mailbox.
Sherlock had curled in behind him, half an arms-length away yet John was sure he could feel the heat radiating from his friend. The ghost of Sherlock’s breath tickled against his neck as he breathed in and out in time with the pass of his hands.
John watched the shift, fighting his familiar awe at Sherlock being consumed by ‘the work’. The space around Sherlock seemed to quieten as his focus sharpened to the information in his hands and without saying a word, John quietly settled into Sherlock’s chair, silently surrendering to the fact that any planned
John swung back, fists clenched and mouth tight, “We will ‘not’ be fine. The heating is off, and the chillers down here are designed to keep this place cool. You’ve managed to lock us in a room that’s little more than an oversized refrigerator. So, well done, Sherlock.”
The words piqued John’s interest and in spite of his better judgement he whispered, “I never understood what, Sherlock?”
Sherlock looked about to stand and walk away before he shook his head instead, “You don’t seem to understand, John. I’m not like other men, I’m not one of your
Sherlock, meanwhile, had resumed pacing the small room, his hands clenching reflexively and his face tight.
“Not often,” Sherlock’s tone had changed. There was something apologetic in it in response to John’s judgement, “Anderson a bit, Donovan…” he looked entreatingly, “but they were being idiots!”
The firelight sparkled and gleamed, reflected soft and golden through what little whisky remained in the tumbler. Sherlock tilted the glass to the side, watching the patterns change as the liquid tipped. He glanced up to stare fondly at where John – Watson, he corrected himself, had fallen asleep in the chair opposite.
The obligatory candle appeared and was lit with great ceremony  before the orders were taken and they were left to themselves.
The tension in the fabric seemed to relax as John chuckled, grinning at Sherlock’s furious scowl, “It appears pleased?”
Sherlock panted, sweat beginning to bead on both their forehead’s and roll down their joined faces, “That’s it, John… let go. Let me see the real you, show me how you want it to be between us.”
Sometime in the intervening period, they’d cleared the the table and pushed it away, moving to sit on the floor in front of their chairs. Sherlock’s legs lay parallel to John’s, his feet tucked against John’s hip.
John paused and internalised what were the answers to his five leading questions, instead opting for, “you’ve been preparing for this conversation for a while?”
“What was the alternative? The other car came out of nowhere. An accident was inevitable, the only question was how bad it was going to be. You chose the lesser of two evils.”
“Well,” Sherlock shifted one of his hands so he was brushing the tips of John’s toes with his fingers, “I doubt we’d go for anything heavy,” he glanced up from John’s stockinged feet to smile, “yes, I think we’d definitely start with something… light.”
I’m rocking back and forth on John’s bed, arms caging my bent legs as I sob despairingly. This doesn’t happen often, but one of the consequences of John’s influence has been an increasing tendency to wallow in my failures. Somewhere along the line, my haughty detachment has begun to crumble and I’ve begun to remember the faces of those I fail. It’s hateful, and yet I find it’s making me a better detective. So the tears have become the price I pay.
Five minutes of searching found very little. The sparse, medical area consisted of brushed metal surfaces and clinical equipment, and the drawers where not already occupied with their sorry burdens, were nothing more that metal benches on sliding tracks.
Sherlock dispensed with John’s belt and began on the button on his jeans without pausing, “Naked, John, is what I want. As soon as possible.”
jeans.” He pushed himself up to straddle Sherlock thighs before kneeling up to wriggle them down over his hips. Shoving them down his thighs as far as he could manage, he pulled at the tie of Sherlock’s robe in frustration, “You’re wearing too many clothes,” he huffed, “do something about it.”
John whimpered, his eyesight beginning to darken at the edges as the thundering blood in his ears seemed to rob him of oxygen.
John realised his shock had been misinterpreted and rushed to reassure as he climbed out of the bed to join him, “No! Sherlock, no, it’s alright, it’s perfect. I just…” John stepped up close, leaning in to look up into Sherlock’s eyes, “you’re beautiful. I didn’t get a chance to see you earlier, and I – “ John searched for the words, “you’re
for two weeks. Agreed?” In fact, John wanted nothing more than to take the stricken vampire in his arms and do whatever it took to ease his suffering. He could feel his subconscious screaming at him to do it.
Sherlock noticed, of course, he noticed, John thought. The most observant man on the planet was hardly going to miss the way John’s breath quickened, or the way he had to swallow away the saliva that pooled in his mouth. So the problem became, what to do about it. Ignoring it, wasn’t working. Like a rubber band that was given an extra couple of turns each day, the gradual escalation of tension was beyond painful, and no amount of furtive wanking was solving the problem.
“I’m chained down here, I can’t –,” John sounded exhausted, head tipped back to keep his chin above the rising water and Sherlock shrugged the heavy coil of rope off his shoulder, ignoring the harsh bite as it cut into his neck as he pulled.
Regardless of how annoying the entire situation was, it was clear that John was determined for Sherlock to reach his climax, and equally clear that Sherlock’s physiology was along for the ride. Sherlock’s pot of Vaseline lay open on the side table and John’s touch was so novel to Sherlock’s inexperienced skin that the outcome was a foregone conclusion.
. His mind replayed the preceding hours, the flash of her name on his phone, calling for help, calling desperately for him and he’d disregarded her. She’d saved his live at Barts and in return, he’d left her alone when she needed him most.
The lack of a dismissive laugh from Sherlock was mildly disconcerting, but it wasn’t all that unusual for Sherlock to become engrossed in an experiment to the exclusion of all else, he tried again, “Hope I didn’t do anything… embarrassing?”
“She’s what?” Sherlock snapped, stopping the words in a desperate hope of stopping what he knew was coming.
“Would you have let me do… this?” John rasped, sliding a hand down Sherlock’s torso to palm him through his trousers as Sherlock bucked against him with a hiss.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade butted in, “Stop, just… stop. You need to come,” for the first time he’d known him, Lestrade’s voice broke on the other end of the line and a sudden, sick feeling welled in Sherlock’s gut, “There’s been a… It’s Molly, Sherlock, she’s —”
John opened his mouth, then closed it again as he clearly rethought his question. He repeated the movement and it was on the tip of Sherlock’s tongue to ask if he was planning a new career as a goldfish when John’s question spilled into the silent room.
“Oh… Oh God help me,” he whined brokenly, hand moving jerkily against them both until Sherlock encircled his fingers with his own, creating an unbroken ring where their cocks slid against each other with wet, filthy noises as the rhythmic movements continued.
, and with a sigh Sherlock finally conceded defeat and mentally used the name with the intimacy it inferred, had again pressed for information concerning his private life. He’d rightly remarked that opportunities such as those were rare, and now John was married, rarer still. Sherlock avoided these conversations wherever possible and where impossible, diverted or obfuscated. Because the alternative had seemed too horrific to contemplate.
Sherlock chuckled against John’s chest where his head was cradled, “Not that I particularly want to admit a mistake, but I’ve actually been operating under the illusion that she has been my hunter. Have thought so for years. It’s why it was such a surprise to find my
, but the spark of rationality wasn’t completely gone and he rolled to grab the unremarkable box from the drawer, handing over two pills that John dry swallowed.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice came again, and Sherlock corrected slightly to the left, finally glimpsing the raised edge of the well.
Sherlock tugged John’s hand up, above the edge of the covers and guided his fingers to wind amongst his curls.
John groaned low and rough and after another hard press of his hand against the back of Sherlock’s neck, he pulled his face away and spat obscenely into his palm, wriggling backward just enough to align their groins and wrap his hand around them both, throwing his head back at the first touch.
His eyes strayed yet again to the unmoving lump on the couch, better known as the greatest consulting mind in Britain. Sherlock was clearly feeling wretched. For the first couple of days, there was nothing more untoward than Sherlock’s usual declarations of
Sherlock usually restricted his strokes to shoulders and spine, but this morning he was venturing into uncharted territory. With a fingertip, he traced where John’s arm met his chest, following the furrow and John shivered as sensitive skin reacted to the uncommon touch.
“Of course, sir. I’ll have you more comfortable in just a minute.” With deftness at odds with the amount of alcohol they’d consumed, Sherlock rid John of his shirt before pausing thoughtfully at the button of his jeans and sitting back on his heels.
“There’s nothing to be sorry for. I have some experience of what sometimes occurs between some men in the army. I always seemed to me that they were no more in control of their hearts than anyone else.” John ran a calming hand along Sherlock’s flank.
“No buts……..I won’t let this ruin us, John. I refuse.” Sherlock’s face had taken on a familiar immovable aspect. Tight lips, furrowed brow and steely eyes. John knew better than to attempt to change his mind and at heart, he didn’t want to.
“Is this helping, Sherlock,“ he managed to mutter, teeth gritted as the pleasure rose, “is touching me working?”
“Up to my bed. You’ll want a couple of hours rest to process my blood, I’d have thought?” John ventured, pushing sheets to the side.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped back to John’s, the silence suddenly deafening, “Perhaps,” he replied slowly.
It wasn’t that he harboured any illicit thoughts about his friend, he told himself firmly. He was, after all, a married man, and a respectable member of society. To even entertain such thoughts would be… well it would be inappropriate. He wasn’t unaware that such activities occurred; after all, the Afghanistan war was a harsh and brutal place and if there were moments when brother-in-arms sought out a brief reprieve from the loneliness and solitude, well… That was only to be expected, wasn’t it? One need look no further into the motives than that.
Sherlock risked a glance down while John was consumed in watching his own hand on the shiny cloth and confirmed what he already suspected. The tenting of John’s pants was visible even under the camouflaging fabric of his robe and with an unsteady swallow he placed his own palm over John’s and stilled its movement against his chest.
“You realise nothing needs happen, John,” They stood side by side on the boating lake bridge within Regent’s Park. Sherlock’s voice was low to ensure they wouldn’t be overheard should anyone walk by, even this late at night.
“We were in Baskerville in May. You… “ John checked the sheet again, confirming the information, “You can’t have done this, we were in Baskerville.”
John could have sworn he felt something in the bundle shift as he carefully lowered the luxurious fabric to the floor and turned on his knees to face the detective, “Sherlock, I —”
As John padded back down the hall in stockinged feet, Sherlock tried to calm his erratic thoughts. Now that he’d committed to talking, he wasn’t at all sure what he was going to say.
John stood, keeping his distance, “But I should,” he eyed the darker fabric between Sherlock’s thighs where his natural lubrication was already staining them, “Damn you, Sherlock, always pushing the line.”
John hadn’t been prepared for Sherlock to be a good man. He’d been lulled into expecting the fairy-tale lurking horror, forever poised to commit evil acts of brutality on the weak and innocent. Instead, Sherlock used his heightened senses to bring evil to justice. Certainly John wasn’t naïve enough to think Sherlock did it for anything other than the rush of the chase…but still….justice was served by his actions.
“Sherlock,” John finally whispered the over-intimate name and reached to lay a gentle hand on Sherlock’s side, steadying him as the taller man made a subtle, broken noise and his knees threatened to buckle at the hushed use of his first name.
“Mmmmm,” John dragged his knees up so he was straddling Sherlock lap, “I’ll think of some others as we go along, I’m sure.”
“I see,” Sherlock replied slowly, “or rather, I believe I do. However I am at a loss as to why you are approaching me when factors of your bearing and behaviour indicate to me that…” Sherlock cleared his throat awkwardly as a flush rose on his cheeks and he glanced away, “… that for reasons I won’t go into here, tell me that… relations between you and your husband continue unabated.”
John nodded and then realised Sherlock may not be able to see the movement in the scant light, “Mmmhmm.”
“You need to deaden the memories, I understand. You have more cause than most, and I won’t stop you. I only ask that you let me watch over you. Keep an eye on your intake.”
There was a sigh as she tried again, “It’s as if he’s sitting at a bus-stop. He’s present but not interacting. He looks…brittle, as if a single word would send him running. I don’t know how else to explain it. Do you know what’s wrong?”
Leaning back against the leather, John’s eyes flickered closed and for a moment Sherlock thought he may have finally dozed off until the lids eased open again and John slurred, “Thanks for this…”
The sound of saucepans clattering shook Sherlock from his analysis to find John pouring milk into a pot on the stove.
“You, like that. You need to make a decision, Sherlock. You need stop swanning around the flat like a fucking hors d’oeuvre, or you need to understand that the control I have over my Alpha-nature has limits.”
“Seems like the matter has been taken out of my hands, so-to-speak,” came the reply, whispered in his ear, “But I thought you wouldn’t find this – me - arousing.”
John nodded, the odd restless itching under his skin had eased since returning to the lounge. However irritating the knowledge of this physical response was, it was at least comforting to understand the effects. John rolled his shoulders and drew his hand from between Sherlock’s, rising to stand. Without a word he offered his hand, “Alright.”
“It’s perfect, Mrs Hudson, just perfect,” John cemented the opinion with a lavish slather of butter onto another slice.
John lifted his head, “You didn’t…” he trailed off, not quite knowing what he was trying to say and Sherlock smiled.
Of course it couldn’t last, Sherlock thought, life couldn't be that kind. At some point, they were bound to slip, provide some evidence of a simmering something below the surface, and their daily fight to keep it controlled.
John came to kneel before Sherlock, gently pressing open his knees to shuffle closer, “I’ve been an idiot.”
Sherlock tilted his head, looking up from John’s chest with a grin and responded voice deep and rough with arousal, “…and here you are.”
“No, wait. Not your fault, I get that. I think I was so busy trying to convince myself that I had no chance, that I refused to look. So… sorry for that.”
John managed, if it were possible, to look even more confused, “Why on earth would I want to go to… the… oh.”
“Oh for God’s sake, tell Molly it can wait until the morning. Mary went into premature labour and I’m —”
John had almost resigned himself to the need for another cold shower when Sherlock whispered, almost too low to hear, “I want to try, John. If you want me as much as I want you, I’d like to try.”
I stare down at him, my intense inspection met with his apologetic gratitude, different shades of blue both made slate in the sparse light. There’s no need for thanks, we save each other from pain on a daily basis, this is just one more type. I ease my weight off him, wary of the cramp’s return.
John dove in for a bruising kiss, “Sherlock Holmes, you are a certified genius, and too smart by half, and now we’ve covered that stuff off, if you…” John swatted Sherlock’s arse a little more than playfully, “… try and tell me what to do again for the duration of this heat, you’d best be prepared for the consequences.”
“Which would never happen,” Sherlock chuckled sarcastically, “Seriously, John, you should be proud. Your book is selling well and the reviews have been excellent.”
A garbled noise escaped from Sherlock that may have been John’s name and the detective’s hands briefly fell away from his diligent work to rid John of his jeans in favour of clutching at the bed sheets, his back arching off the bed. John smiled and tongued at the pebbled flesh as Sherlock shivered and writhed beneath him.
“John… “ came the muffled voice, “We really have to do something about this panic reaction. The fear pheromones leach into your sweat.”
Sherlock lifted it and brought it down swiftly against the edge of the table, watching as shard flew in all directions, “Now, say you’re sorry.”
“Sorry,” John tensed, embarrassed at the desperate restraint hidden in the noise, “Oh, I’m so sorry, that wasn’t fair of me at all. Touching you with such abandon.”
“That should speed things up. The sharks in the tank are fed regularly, but they’ll still react to blood in the water.” Janine watched her as she slipped below the surface, only to bob up again, thrashing desperately.
“So… “ John rubbed at his wrist again, “I get panic attacks and you get… what… a portable snack bar?”
Mary returned from Bath, John returned home and Sherlock buried himself in cases, calling on John’s help as often as he thought he could manage without Mary accusing her husband of spending more nights at 221 than at home.
Sitting in the bay window of their Suffolk home, Sherlock looked up over the top edge of his reading glasses with a smile, “Hi, how’d it go?”
Sherlock took the outstretched hand as John offered it and unfolded himself from the leather cocoon of his chair. They stood close for a moment, hands grasped a little too long and Sherlock again wondered what had disturbed Watson’s rest. There was something evasive in the way the shorter man was looking at him. He briefly wondered if his doctor had been rifling through his belongings in the seclusion of his bedroom. No, that didn’t explain it, John was familiar enough with his demands to retrieve all manner of object that breaching closed drawers would hold no guilt. But there was… Something.
“Mmmm?” Sherlock tried to focus, through the haze of lust. He suspected he’d broken the skin of his palms where his nails were pressed inward.
“Oh, John,” Sherlock took one look at him and fell to his knees at John’s side, their faces close enough that Sherlock’s warm, almost human breath ghosted over him with the words.
John scrubbed angrily at the tear that insisted on rolling down his cheek and whispered to the empty room, “That was me, Sherlock…” he stared at the closed door, “When you returned from the grave, I showed you that. I was your important person, and I forgave you. Why can’t you forgive me?”
“Am I sure?” John growled, “No, Sherlock, I’m not sure. I’d quite like to keep going, but since you don’t do this,” for emphasis, John exerted additional pressure against Sherlock’s back, and ground upward against him, “I think you’d better stop… moving… now.”
What made you do that, Sherlock? To this day, it doesn’t make any sense to me. I wish I could ask you. Of all the things I wish I had the chance to ask, that’s the one that preys on my mind.
The conversation was interrupted by a frazzled looking Lestrade, who was attempting to manage the entire scene single-handed. He checked on them and once he’d assured himself they were alright, began to move away when Sherlock quietly asked him to check on Mycroft.
Not needing to be told twice, Sherlock begun his own entrance into the snug space, placing his hands and knees carefully on either side of John as he crawled over him, tugging his coat behind him, and pulling the door closed behind him, plunging them both into darkness..
John threw the folder down on the coffee table, momentum spilling several pages out and onto the floor, “That! That’s what happened. You prick, you insufferable, pathological lying prick!”
“Thank you,” his voice was tiny; yielding to the inevitable  Sherlock led him back and settled him amongst the cushions, laying his coat over the top of John’s blanket and not saying a word as the Doctor pulled it up, tucking it beneath his nose, where he could smell it.
“Bees? Yeah, I painted them on.” John nudged it closer until Sherlock put the old bowl aside to lift the replacement.
There was a moment of confusion in John’s face. Confusion at the words, at the use of his first name, at the fragile expression on Sherlock’s face; impossibly intimate between two men, even in private. He leaned back for a moment, chin tucked back against his chest as he processed the admission, “I don’t – Holmes?”
John panted as Sherlock returned to his original position, nose and mouth buried in the crock of his shoulder, mouthing at his neck. “What are you doing to me, Sherlock?
“No… certainly not,” Sherlock paused before adding, “just wondering if you’d had any further… revelations, regarding last night.”
“OK,” John murmured and then hissed as Sherlock’s long fingers moved to brush the fabric over his cock.
As the two men settled to sleep, having hardly broken a sweat or raised their heart rate, Sherlock despaired for the future of their nascent sexual relationship.
“Because I want you more… “ he growled, rutting against John as his hand moved to steady John against his lap.
Sherlock returned his gaze sheepishly, “Almost never.” He shifted on the chair and winced, “Shower?”
“’Greedy,” John chuckled, “alright then,” John shifted on the bed, shuffling his knees forward to gain better position and canted his hips forward as Sherlock keened. “Better?”
John leaned forward, watching, “But because you are clearly distressed, I’m going to put these questions to one side for the moment. Sherlock…” he waited until the detective paused and turned to look at him, “I want to help, what’s going on?”
“Yes… “ Sherlock breathed the word, soft and blissful, “Yes.” And bit down gently, just firmly enough to puncture.
“Bottom…OH!” The word came out as a long surprised exclamation, “This is your first time topping. I’d always assumed, If you’d prefer…”
” John’s anger crested and broke with a frustrated giggle, “You IDIOT, why didn’t you say something?”
“You fucking MONSTER! You give me this bullshit fucking story about vampires being some kind of persecuted victims and all the time you’re out there wreaking fucking CARNAGE on the populace.
You have that chance with Mary now, John. Take it. Banish the bad dreams, let me be truly dead when you receive this note and lay me to rest. Live for us, John.
“Almost got it,” Sherlock groaned suddenly as their cocks slotted together and rubbed gloriously against each other, “Oh, that’s…”
“Sherlock?” The call finally came from ahead in the darkness. Hollow and distant, echoing, and Sherlock reached deep for another burst of speed, his breath burning in his lungs.
“There’s water on the side table. You’re probably dehydrated.” Sherlock gestured with one hand before resuming his prayerful pose.
“You’ll do anything for a bit of attention,” Sherlock chuckled thinly at the weak joke, covering the alarm he felt at the icy chill of John’s skin. Hypothermia was a real risk, and the water was still rising, leaving him no way to get John out of the water.
“Stay… here.” Sherlock shoved at the door, virtually leaping from the jeep and striding away into the scrubby brush at the verge. John hurried to unclip his safety belt and climb out, intending to follow.
He’d just steeled himself to sacrifice the indulgence and say something when the typing ceased altogether and the metallic click signalled Sherlock had put the laptop aside. He expected that to signal an end to the odd intimacy too, but the fingers of Sherlock’s hand continued to weave their esoteric script without pause, and John found himself overcome with inexpressible gratitude as he finally succumb to the simple, consuming darkness of sleep.
Sherlock carefully lowered the bowl to the table top, trying desperately to hide the shaking in his hands, “Thank you, John. I appreciate it.”
“I’m not unaffected myself,” and with a gentle roll of his hips, the barest suggestion of Sherlock’s erection brushed against the back of John’s underwear, “which, I’ll admit, is something of a unique experience for me.”
They lay panting, spooned together, and heedless of the mess covering John both front and back, content to simply catch their breath and rest in the sated bubble of calm that settled around them.
John hadn’t heard the key in the lock, or even the tread on the stairs and he jerked in shock at the sudden noise as Sherlock repeated, very slowly, “Put.It.Down.”
“Noooo, S’ok.” John waved an erratic hand, “S’fine. Don’ worry ‘bout me.” He reached for the glass and then seeing it empty, instead pushed himself up to stand wobbling against the sofa.
The next time John came to Baker Street it was early evening. He found Sherlock standing on the sidewalk, looking up at where acrid black smoke was billowing out of their first floor window. Stepping up to stand at his side, he matched the tilt of his friends head and asked, “Experiment?”
“And of course I’ll keep you company. I wouldn’t leave you alone on what my brother would dramatically call a
“They’ll take care of her, Sherlock. They’ll do what needs to be done and they’ll send you the file and we’ll catch them, whoever these bastards are, we’ll catch them.”
“I’m beginning to think you haven’t considered the dress-code carefully enough, John,” Sherlock arched casually, free to move in the soft fabric of robe and pyjama pants.
They’d gotten as far as the kitchen before John had the presence of mind to reach out and snag the door jamb, stilling their headlong rush, “Wait, Sherlock, wait.”
Sherlock seemed to pause, considering his next words carefully until finally settling on, “It’s fine, I’ll just,” John felt him shift, rebalancing on his hands and knees, “I’ll just stay like this.”
“God, Sherlock…” John gulped a shaky breath, “This is better than last time, I didn’t think… that was… possible.”
John’s refusal to look held firm as Molly turned page after page inside the folder. He heard the pages and could see Molly’s fingers on the paper in his peripheral vision. Each leaf seemed to add more than its share of weight to the pile until he mumbled something hopelessly.
“John?” Sherlock jostled him again, but the lax weight in his arms told him that John wasn’t going to respond.
I trail a hand down his torso to find him in a similar state, my hand enfolds his length, warm and heavy in my hand as if made for it.
John stepped up and poked Sherlock in the chest hard enough to make the taller man shuffle back a step, “The problem is, Holmes, that they were my belongings and I quite liked them.”
There was a thoughtful moment while John considered options until he finally suggested, “Baskerville?”
“I think I place just enough. Anyway, not sure if you’ve noticed… I may have a bit of a danger kink.” John sat up, smiling lazily at the satisfied vampire in the chair.
"I did sleep on the floor," John muttered as he levered himself up and disappeared into Sherlock’s room to wash and freshen up his clothes as best he could.
“Sherlock!” He called to where Sherlock was standing some distance away, the tail of his Belstaff moving in the wind as Sherlock faced away.
John was just considering a trip to the bathroom when he felt the touch of Sherlock’’s hand on his, quietly intertwining their fingers. Oddly, it seemed the most intimate move of the evening and John found himself bizarrely close to tears.
“John…” his name was a whimper, a cry, a clarion call. And John couldn’t suppress the grin as Sherlock surrendered and the desperate need he’d been bottling up broke free.
The familiar tone of John’s voice did nothing to calm his galloping pulse at the perceived intimacy of his first name on his friend’s lips. Sherlock blinked, trying desperately to reorient himself in the modern world he now found himself in.
Hearing the stuttered noise, Sherlock carefully placed his mug safely back on the desk and turned toward where John sat in his chair, mouth open and no doubt naked lust on every feature.
“Look, Sherlock,” John reached to lay a hand on Sherlock’s leg where it was covered by the blankets, before seeming to rethink the action and instead came to rest just beside him, “you said it yourself, you don’t want this to change us…”
Two years…..two years of working beside Sherlock, living beside Sherlock, running beside Sherlock. It all came down to this. John Watson, hunter…standing over the sleeping body of Sherlock Holmes, Vampire.
Sherlock carefully withdrew his fangs, holding John more firmly as another wave of bliss threatened to overtake him. “It’s OK, John. I’ve got you. It’s alright.”
Sherlock’s arm came up to press a hand at the small of John’s back, encouraging him to rut against him, and John could feel the urgent press of Sherlock’s own erection pressing hard and unforgiving between them, urgent and demanding, “Show me…” He rasped out, “Show me, John.”
“Might I call you Sherlock? Just here at Baker Street, when we’re alone. Would it be alright, would that go some way to tell you of my regard, or would it make things worse?” John had to firm up his grip at Sherlock’s hips as he shuddered and closed his eyes with a ragged breath.
Lowering his hands, Sherlock unfurled himself from the chair and stood, the coffee table and wrapped bundle still between them. Looking down and frowning, Sherlock dragged a long, slow breath through his nose before looking up at John, eyes pale and piercing, “I suppose it’s time, after all.”
containing a variety of toys, massage oil, Berocca, and pain killers. He’d submitted his ‘heat leave’ form yesterday when Sherlock’s scent had begun to change and unless his nose was very much mistaken, they wouldn’t be getting much sleep tonight.
The two men were silent for long moments until they heard the distinctive click of Mrs Hudson’s downstairs door before John finally succumb to giggles, stifling them with a fork full of baked beans.
“Because I didn’t think you wanted me to.” John waved his arms in frustration and Sherlock swayed as the movement battered him with a fresh wave of pheromones.
“Sherlock…” The name tumbled forth from his lips; a broken cry as John arched and spilled over their joined hands, followed by a stifled grunt as Sherlock followed him, staring into each other's eyes all the while, before seeking each other's mouths to prevent any further exclamation that Mrs Hudson may hear downstairs.
Sherlock grinned back, “It was good, wasn’t it?” He glanced up the stairs toward their door, “Walk me home?”
With a shudder, Sherlock came to life under John’s hands. Hands that had been acquiescent and submissive were suddenly firm and demanding on John’s waist, pulling them roughly together as Sherlock’s hips drove upward.
The man himself was comfortably ensconced in an easy chair he kept in the corner of the room, hands steepled under his chin, watching John with an openly appraising stare.
There were few things that spurred John Watson to action like a needy Omega, and the urgency in Sherlock’s tone shivered through him. Taking three quick steps, John’s fingers were at the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt before the Omega had a chance to lift his head again. Instead, the taller man slumped against him, shaking and whimpering.
Sherlock held John’s eyes, gaze bright and searching before his mouth tightened marginally as he seemed to come to a decision. With agonising slowness, he raised his arm and placed it gently around John’s shivering shoulders, tugging him closer to his side. That done, he appeared at a loss as to what to do next, so settled on closing his eyes and leaning his head until it rested against John’s forehead.
Sherlock was resting, draped across John’s chest, leg sprawled between John’s, “Small price to pay. I’ll add spinach and pumpkin seeds to the shopping list… and dark chocolate.”
“Oh Sherlock,” John boldly pressed both palms flat against the bare skin of Sherlock’s chest, rosy nipples bracketed between spread fingers, “I think rather it would be impossible to think more of you,” he looked up eyes serious, “will you let me show you? Will you let me show you the depth of my feelings for you?”
Stepping to the side of the bed, he shook the slumbering man’s shoulder gently and without result. Increasing the effort, it was only after he had hands on both shoulders and was physically lifting Sherlock’s torso from the mattress that the man stirred.
Janine scrolled through Molly’s contacts until she found Sherlock’s name and hit dial, lifting it to her ear as it rung. Once, twice, three times and then Sherlock’s baritone echoed on the other end of the line.
“The police are on their way, John,” Sherlock murmured in John’s ear reassuringly, “we’ll have you out of here and warm soon.”
Sherlock glanced down, following the path of John’s gaze and then looked up, eyes glittering and he reached up a hand toward John, beckoning him back.
Sherlock smiled, and something small and fearful that John hadn’t even noticed lifted from his face as his expression brightened, “Excellent, John. Now, I’m going to tell you a story. It’s going to be hard to believe in some spots which is why this,” and as he said the word, a corner of the cloak lifted and wrapped itself around Sherlock’s hand and arm, “will help convince you that what I’m telling you is the truth.”
You see, John, I’ve made a mistake, and unless I’m very much in error, a fatal mistake. Following your letter, I’ve been making all efforts to try and get home. I’ve pressed my luck one too many times, taken one too many shortcuts and my carelessness has caught me out.
It was bad enough that he’d been left with an unsolved mystery regarding his faithful friend, but John’s hours spent resting between his sheets had hopelessly tainted them with the subtle and not undesirable scents he associated with the stalwart man.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice seemed impossibly close, his warm breath against his ear, “tell me if you want me to stop, but for the record, I’d rather not. You’re fascinating like this; warm, pliant, almost glowing with trust and contentment.” Sherlock eased a long arm over to run the pad of his thumb across John’s nipple before moving on, “You’ve never had this with anybody, have you? Nobody but me.”
Sherlock sat on the sofa in the dark, the tears had stopped flowing around half an hour ago and now he just wanted to be numb, to chase the pain away and forget how he hurt and betrayed the people who thought of him as a friend over and over again. John, and now Molly. Who was next? Mrs Hudson, Lestrade.
“Of course. Story of a clandestine sub-society of mysterious creatures, rampaging the countryside, preying on the innocent. A second society of highly trained humans, hunting them down for the good of the public, and yet a law unto themselves. The answer’s quite clear.”
There is a gasp and a cry from John as we reach harmony in our positions and I move my hands to his hips to ensure I can maintain this angle. There is the hint of stardust beginning at the edges of my vision, a sure sign that rational thought will begin to slip away, so I open my mouth to pant, dragging oxygen into my lungs, clearing my head to focus on John.
“I don’t know what to do, John. I have no idea how this is supposed to go,” the voice, little more than a whisper, caused something to curl tight and protective in John’s heart.
He cleared his throat and tried again, “Sherlock….mate.” He tugged ineffectually at his arm, worried about the potential damage a pair of fangs could cause if ripped from his skin.
There had been a vague discussion regarding the temperature of the room, and the narrowness of the sofa that prompted the move to Sherlock’s bed. In hindsight, John doubts either of them needed much convincing, and as a result the routine continued with John sprawled face-down on Sherlock’s high count sheet with Sherlock settled comfortably next to him against the headboard. Neither mentioned the breathy sighs Sherlock’s touch sometimes elicited from John and the fact that on some nights, John ended their session by quietly excusing himself to the bathroom for some ‘private time’ in the shower with the radio turned up to cover any incriminating noises.
The gentle tapping of keys and mousepad signalled Sherlock’s return to his research and John found his remaining will didn’t extend to further argument. Instead he rolled onto his side, briefly grunting at the sharp pain in his lumbar region, and settled again with his back facing the room, top of his head pressed against Sherlock’s warm thigh.
“Mmmm,” Sherlock nodded distractedly, staring into the middle-distance, “never seemed the right time.”
Sherlock’s brow was deeply furrowed as he blinked slowly, trying to align the words Mary was saying, the clear meaning, and the fact that what she was suggesting was anathema by any social measure, “You’re saying –“
From beyond Sherlock’s turned back, John heard the detective’s words continue quietly, “While you were living here, I could
John’s lips thinned, “You said you’d answer, so damn it, at least be honest with me. Is it Mary you don’t like? I thought you found her passably intelligent for a woman.”
“I couldn’t expect you to remain here at Baker Street with me indefinitely. After all, what’s to hold you here, it’s not as if I could meet all your…” Sherlock trailed off searchingly before finally gritting out the word, “… needs.”
John stumbled backward into the kitchen, the rational part of his minds screaming at him that what he’d just seen in the quiet, domestic space of 221B simply wasn’t possible. Sherlock still stood unmoving in front of him, beautifully tailored suit and jacket, crisp black shirt, carefully tamed curls and… incongruously, like something out of Lord of the Rings, a dense vermillion coloured cape draped over his shoulders, gold clasps settled against either collarbone and a very high collar turned up almost to his ears.
“Let me make this absolutely clear, John, and then you need to make a choice,” Sherlock leaned forward, “These are NOT my kills. I haven’t killed a human for over twenty years.”
At the implication that John, his MATE, might be encouraged to have sex with other Alphas, Sherlock had virtually leapt across the room, thrusting his brother into the wall and before anyone knew quite what was happening, Sherlock had his hand at Mycroft’s throat and the desperate gasps for air were all but drowned out by an almost sub-sonic rumbling growl from Sherlock.
John tipped forward, bringing their naked chests together and John bracketed Sherlock’s head with his forearms and he leaned down, “Where else indeed.”
Sherlock looked down at where his hand was still grasped between Mary’s strong ones and wondered if she could feel the subtle shaking in it. He was for a moment, breathless at her courage in coming to him, and it momentarily overcame the amazement that this unassuming woman was to all intents and purposes, offering him everything he’d always wanted.
him. The closest John could relate it to was a teenage infatuation he’d had with the captain of the school rugby team. And that was
Several months later and John wondered if the populous at large were, as Sherlock thought them, vacuous enough to miss the not-so-subtle change in Sherlock Holmes. There was a new ease to his manner. Quicker to laugh, more ready to engage, and slower to bite back at a foolish question. His gait was different too. He still carried himself with the aristocratic bearing of the well bred, but there was a rolling smoothness to his tread that John was sure wasn’t there before… well,
He may have drifted off, or perhaps he just floated in the quiet space between waking and sleeping, but he became aware of the gentle press and slide of Sherlock’s fingers against his spine. Feather-light and transient, never stilling for long, brushing at John’s shirt in long strokes, barely hard enough to bridge the gap between fabric and skin.
“Sherlock,” John turned back to the tall man standing silently beside the broad metal table, “It’s past midnight, there’s nobody else in the building, and we are now locked in the morgue.”
Mary’s eyes crinkled and she smiled at Sherlock’s discomfort, “Oh Sherlock, only you could be so blatant in your statements and yet still give the illusion of respecting my feminine sensibilities. Let us speak plainly, Sherlock. Yes, my husband still attends his obligations in our marital bed, and I don’t want or expect that will change. However, I’m not naïve enough to mistake the way he looks at you.” Mary stared unflinchingly as she lay her cards on the table.
“Christ, Sherlock!” John wrapped his own hand around Sherlock’s where they were joined and he pulled swiftly at himself, shouting Sherlock’s name as he covered their hands and the sheets with his own release.
So this is me, writing a letter to a dead man. Not because you’ll ever read it, but because I need to find a way to stop playing stuff on an endless loop inside my head.
Sherlock's nostrils flared, picking up the scent of panic and twitched a corner of his mouth up, then retreated to his armchair again, sitting gently on the edge, “There’s no need for that, John. I’m not going to kill you, any more than you’ll kill me.”
“Sherlock, look at me. Need to check some things,” John tapped Sherlock on the cheek, “You with me, you listening?”
“Three minutes from boiling water, it’s not difficult,” he snapped back, dunking another piece of toast with rather more force than necessary.
Damn Watson, damn his solicitous, caring nature, his combative, confronting moods, his determination to constantly challenge and confound him. It was as if the universe had considered how to sculpt the perfect help-mete and friend for Holmes and then wrap it up in the shape of a soldier-come-doctor with sandy hair and broad shoulders.
Sherlock simply smiled and encircled John’s ankle with a warm hand, sliding his fingers up his pants-leg as far as the denim would allow, “Would you like that, John, if I only watched?”
“Oh God,” Sherlock whispered as he leaned heavily against Lestrade and stared sightlessly at the sheet covered body.
As Sherlock tried to manoeuvre John into position, mindlessly nudging legs apart, John’s authoritive voice cut through the haze, “Sherlock! Listen to me; don’t make me hit you… Wait, just a sec.”
‘The visit from Mycroft’ had come shortly after John’s heat had passed and had ended with Mycroft shoved up against the wall; Sherlock’s long fingers wrapped none too gently around his brother’s neck.
More disturbing was the altogether more musky and human scent that assailed him whenever he snuggled down further under the sheets. He rather suspected that Sherlock had a tendency to tuck the sheet unto the hollow of his underarm, so prevalent was the scent along the top edge. It reminded him too much of rare and keenly missed moments after a frantic chase through London Streets, ending up confined together in sweaty camaraderie in a handsome cab on the way home.
“John, yes.” She nodded, “You would be aware, Mr Holmes, that John and I do not lead the most typical of lives.”
“Didn’t say it was fair. I’m just making sure you understand who’s in charge.” John began tugging Sherlock’s shirt from his trousers.
John nodded stiffly and held his gaze, “You should know I’d have wanted you to, Holmes. Take the risk, that is; but things aren’t so simple now.”
“Of course not.” John pulled his jumper off and was unbuttoning his sleeve cuff, “I’m giving you what you need.”
A brief look of dismay entered Sherlock’s eyes and he shook his head definitively, “No, I want this. It’s only that,” the blush rose high in his cheeks again, “I feel somewhat at a loss as to how things will proceed from here… John.” His name slipped slowly out as if Sherlock were again testing out the feel of the word against his tongue.
But John had squared his shoulders, dragged in a shuddering, calming breath and put the kettle on. To Sherlock’s despair, they’d never spoken of it again.
“No, wait, I have more. I knew you hadn’t forgiven me, would never forgive me, so I did what I could to make your marriage a success.” He was almost trembling with barely suppressed emotion now, “I gave you up!” He sat down hard in his chair, finally coming to the end of either his speech or his energy reserves before whispering, “It seems like all I’ve ever done is given you up.”
I love the way that he reaches to grasp at the bedhead. Simultaneously providing stability and enhancing John’s ability to thrust back against me. It also has the added benefit of making him look delightfully debauched.
“I’m glad you’re home.” Sherlock poked at the smouldering logs, stirring them back to reticent life before replacing the poker in the rack and returning to his chair, taking his scotch-glass with him.
John groaned and shifted again, “Seriously? You’re sitting there in nothing but flannelette and a t-shirt and you’re leaving me in jeans?”
“Yes, thank you,” Sherlock smiled, this was easier than he expected, John’s quiet comfort a panacea to his rattled nerves, “Well, as you can imagine, times were different in the nineteen hundreds, people were less… tolerant.”
“Still,” Sherlock flexed his feet, rubbing his toes against John’s hip, “I wouldn’t want to ask you to… cook, if you… weren’t hungry.”
I remember that I came willingly. Too vulnerable, tired, and scared to overthink the situation, what it could mean,
“I’m coming, John. I’m nearly there, keep calling out,” the rushing in his ears resolved itself as water rather than, as he’d thought, his thundering heart-beat.
Taking position behind Sherlock, John braced himself against the taller man’s hips as his cockhead settled against the gaping hole already twitching and fluttering with need, “Say it, Sherlock,” John growled.
Sherlock meanwhile, had his mouth buried against John’s forearm and with a touch of hysteria, John found the sound of him snuffling and gulping against the skin reminded him of a puppy he owned when he was five,
Sherlock blinked, the beginning of tears in his eyes, wrecked and desperate “It’s always been you, John Watson. If you want me, I’m talking all of it.”
John inched closer, settling more firmly against Sherlock, “I’m saying it’s time. I think it’s time… for us, I mean. If you want, I mean. I…” he tensed, “I’m making a mess of this, sorry.”
John swore, low and rough as the words every Alpha hoped to hear slipped away amidst the grunts and slapping of flesh. Sherlock had stated, time and time again that he would never bond, would never submit in that way, “Wait! You meant knot you, right?” John huffed breathlessly, “That other thing just slipped out… right?”
Sherlock picked up the sorry excuse for a bowl, cradling it carefully in his hands. There were several large pieces missing, including essential pieces in the base, “It’s never going to serve as a bowl again, is it?”
“I’m wondering if my mind-palace is trying to tell me something more. Something that goes beyond that time and place.”
“I would have done this,” Sherlock turned to John and stepped forward, placing a warm palm on each of John’s cheeks and looking down into his eyes. Pausing a moment in case John had second thoughts, he pressed their lips gently together.
The light was too bright, and the sounds too loud when John stumbled into the kitchen the following morning. Sherlock was already deep in concentration, fully dressed and bent over his microscope.
“So I’ve been told,” Sherlock stared at his hands, picking idly at where dirt from the well had caught beneath his fingernails, “Sorry you got caught up in my problems… again.”
The deep baritone chuckle was more at ease, and John gave the hand under his a fond squeeze as it continued it’s path up and around and down again.
The drive back to the hotel was unusually quiet. For all Sherlock claimed he could be ‘quiet for days’ the reality was that as long as John filled the silence with interesting facts, Sherlock would continue to respond; challenging and expanding on any topic. But today, Sherlock wasn’t responding to any of the topics John tried to raise, instead he seemed abnormally focussed on the road, his forehead furrowed.
Sherlock arched again and lifted his mouth away from John’s skin, “Try to muzzle me and there’ll be repercussions.”
“Shhh,” the detective’s tone was unexpectedly soft, “you‘ve plenty of room. Relax, I’ve just come over here to read and bring your tea.”
“You’ve done this?” Sherlock’s brow furrowed, “My deductions about you aren’t always right, but I was reasonably sure…”
Sherlock stared at the cup with hatred, lips pursed until he sighed and took it, cradling the fine china in his hands, leaving the liquid untouched.
Sherlock frowned and began again, “I was going to say… because you’re an intensely private man who assumes that dates important to him have no importance to others.”
“I heard what you said,” John paused, breathing hard and virtually pressed up against the detective. He brought a hand up and with firm fingers, turned Sherlock’s head back to meet his eyes, “I heard you. You… you…” John’s mouth softened to a grin, “you idiot.”
And with the hateful words hanging in the air and the sound of Sherlock’s door slamming shut, the memories came rushing back to John.
Reflexively, Sherlock took this new information; shock, refusal, offended obfuscation. As much as he’d like to respect John’s request to desist, he could easier cease breathing than stop accumulating facts. He dropped his eyes away in an attempt to respect his friend’s privacy and moved toward his room, “I apologise. I’ll leave you to your solitude, doctor.”
But as to a repeat of their intimacy in the bedroom, Sherlock felt there’d been a depressing lack of recurrence. More than once he’d tried to subtly suggest that there was an offer on the table but John had simply chuckled fondly and diverted the conversation elsewhere.
The shivering was back, John could feel it in the muscles of Sherlock’s shoulders and chest. Fine tremors that came and went in waves. If John didn’t know Sherlock so well, he might think the man was nervous, but he’d seen this before; being briefed by Lestrade, at the sight of a gun, when a fugitive made a run for it. It was the twitching of a racehorse braced to run, pent up energy awaiting permission to be released. The thought that Sherlock was holding himself back was intoxicating.
Sherlock rolled his hip under John’s hand and ground his erection against his arse, “And if I don’t want slow?”
“It moved, Sherlock. It fucking moved, on its own,” John could hear his voice rising, and he clenched his fist, trying to calm himself.
Sherlock looked almost offended, “It’s not a thing, John. Well, yes… it’s a thing, obviously. But please don’t use that tone when talking about it.” Sherlock ran his hands over the material again, smoothing it with a gentle touch.
John clasped a hand over the punctures in his arm. Now that Sherlock’s mouth and its associated anaesthetic saliva were gone, a deep throbbing pain was beginning to radiate from the holes and up his arm. “Sorry…bit fuzzy.”
But John pushed again, “No, you do. You put on a good act, but I know you, Holmes. You were perfectly civil at the ceremony, but you’ve barely set foot in our home since the event and you are clearly uncomfortable when Mary and I are together in your presence.”
“Anything else I should be aware of,” John drew Sherlock toward him, his hand settling in dark curls to tug him down for a long, filthy kiss.
“Yes, alright,” John leaned back, tugging Sherlock’s shirt out of his trousers as he felt long fingers tugging at his belt, “so you’re saying I don’t need to take my time seducing you?”
“I don’t WANT to sleep here,” John stopped his pacing and turned angrily, “I want to sleep in my own fucking bed. This is ridiculous, Sherlock, how long is this going to last, this… this… proximity anxiety?”
John moved hands to hook fingers in both their waistbands, working the fabric down and finally baring them, there was a stuttering pause as silken skin settled to slip against each other before Sherlock resumed his movements, hot and hard against him.
“No indeed,” John’s moustache lifted as he smiled broadly before stepping forward to crowd Sherlock against the door, “we have a reputation to uphold, after all.”
“Doctor… Molly… Hooper,” The feminine voice carried an Irish lilt without a trace of the customary good humour, “Moriarty’s been watching you for a while.”
John sighed and lifted his eyes to the dark skies, trying to get his errant emotions under control before admitting, “Memories, Holmes, only memories for dark and lonely nights.”
. That’s what you’re feeling, you realize? You perceive me as yours, at least for the moment.” Sherlock stood, and reached out a hand, “Come on, let’s get you to bed.”
John almost relented, settling for a tight smile, “That’s my line I believe. Now… have I convinced you,
Dear God, what have we done? He thought, the feel of Sherlock’s fingers still buzzing against his lips. We should never have said those things, done those things. How can we possibly manage to maintain the farce of a mere friendship ever again?
, male. He’d comforted himself with the easy delusion that what he felt for the man was simple fondness perhaps enhanced by doctorly concern. His army years had presented many opportunities and he’d eluded them all, telling himself that any reaction he’d had was just the natural urge to scratch a long denied itch.
The bottle lies between us, as it always does and John adds more before he silently returns to his task, circling and pressing, each time a little firmer, a little more persuasively as he counsels my body to give way to his intrusion. He needn’t worry, my body is fairly screaming for his, edgy and raw. I wriggle against his hand, whimpering as his glacial progress continues.
“What? Why?” At the hint of a mystery to be solved, Sherlock’s alertness was returning swiftly, “Watson? What are you doing up?”
“Yes, that’s right. I love you. I love you, and I need you. My Alpha, my Sherlock, my bonded.” John’s words were slurring as his awareness slipped away, murmuring endearments all the while. Sherlock couldn’t have been happier.
Sherlock lay curled in his chair, arm stretched along the back to cushion his head as he snored softly in the awkward position. John suppressed a moment of guilt at forcing the man to seek his repose there.
John laughed and wondered why he’d imagined this, and he had imagined this, any other way. Sherlock was the same focused, demanding tit that he always was and John realised he was delighted at the revelation. John threw caution to the wind and pushed Sherlock’s shirt up his chest, his mouth descending to suck at a dusky nipple, revealed on Sherlock’s pale chest.
“There’s a… response, when a feeding is… “ Sherlock hesitated, “… satisfying. It triggers a desire to seek out the same donor. I was serious when I said to you that I refused to have this ruin us, John. Instinct was already in play, and the thought of losing you was… distasteful.”
Sherlock let the silence linger, content to leave the vague statement stand, however John seemed insistent to finish his muddled thought.
“Oh yes, certainly.” After running his hand down along John’s foot, Sherlock eased the sock off, “It should set the stage for what’s to come.”
John refused to weaken and let his eyes shift from Sherlock’s. Tiny beads of sweat broke out on his forehead as his nature screamed at him to glance down and drink in the canvas of Sherlock’s nakedness. His fists tightened further as his top lip twitched. If there was a battle to be won, it was now, here. Sherlock’s Omega-self was testing John’s limits, assessing his worthiness and there has
Sherlock canted his hips slightly, knowing not only where John’s prostate was, but the exact pressure needed to drive his mate to the edge of insanity. Nothing mattered but John, nothing was more important than his Omega’s pleasure. How could he have thought of letting John leave, this was what John was made for… for Sherlock. He’d never have anyone else ever again… NEED anyone else ever again. Sherlock shook his head, realising that his concentration was slipping again. John needed him, needed him to take care of them.
“That doesn’t make sense, John.” Sherlock’s brows were furrowed, but his eyes were alight with curiosity.
John looked to Sherlock with hope, grasping at it like a desperate man for a life-raft, “If one is wrong… “ he trailed off.
“You’re not repulsed by my… urges?” The question came hesitatingly as Sherlock lay his forehead against John’s, leaning into his touch but ready to pull back if John so much as flinched.
Sherlock shrugged, "I said it, I meant it. Fresh start, new bowl. But I promise you one thing…” He looked at where John’s hand was on his arm and then up to his face, licking his lips, “You won’t get the opportunity to call me a cocktease again.”
John had gently escorted Mycroft from the flat shortly afterward; having completed a cursory examination of the bureaucrat’s rapidly bruising neck. John returned to the room, colour high in his cheeks and breathing a little unevenly and Sherlock had thought
The pine scent of his moustache wax seemed to have saturated the pillow beneath his head, and there was something… metallic? fireplace? Whatever it was, it mixed with the medicinal rub the Doctor used when his shoulder ached and Sherlock instinctively associated the smell with John. It now infused the sheets where he held them, tucked up beneath his chin.
It was a relief when the emergency crew descended to the water, dealing with the chains and efficiently winching them both to safety. Even more of a relief was when John began to stir under the ministrations of the paramedics, slowly gaining awareness and quickly progressing to intelligent conversation with the medics about his core temp, damage to extremities, and planning the fastest route to recovery.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and his voice was bitter, “And what exactly is a modern vampire supposed to be, hunter?”
“Hang on, John.” He secured the end with shaking hands, tying it off and putting his body weight behind it to check it would hold, “I’m here.”
“Alright, this isn’t working for me,” John stood in the doorway, fists clenched at his side and feet solidly planted shoulder-width apart. His tone was frustrated, bordering on angry.
Returning to his knees, either side of Sherlock’s narrow hips, he settled gently to his haunches, arse barely resting on Sherlock’s thighs and regarded the man below him.
The grip didn’t lighten, however he lifted his left hand holding the self-injector, showing it to Sherlock, “Then perhaps the silver nitrate was the
are, and I want all of it. I want to give you it all, and I’ll take anything you can throw at me and be glad of it”
“And then,” Sherlock whispered into the intimate space between their faces, “I’d have done this.” He tilted his hips forward, grinding against John’s where they were flush against the wall. The hard length of Sherlock’s erection pressed against John’s hip, making it instantly clear how much he wanted John at that moment.
Sherlock blinked again, still clearly attempting to pull himself back to wakefulness, “Can’t… Watson’s sleeping there.”
There was a quiet intake of air, and Sherlock sat up a little straighter, “Just as well we’ll never need to find out, then.”
“AGAIN!” John clenched his fingers on Sherlock’s hips, watching the way the already pale skin lightened to white around his fingertips.
Would you have wanted me to be brave, I wonder? Or were you as afraid as I was, taking refuge in the safety of friendship and never daring to reach for more. We’ll never know.
As he watched, Sherlock straightened from his crouch at the side of the corpse, beckoning him over to point out some detail or other, and to consult his opinion. He grinned, carefree and joyous as he strode forward, already picturing the end of the case and the inevitable
I don’t bother thanking him. The rumbling wheeze has already resumed and he’s swallowed up by the voluminous comforter he insists upon.
“I’ve never,” John shook his head against Sherlock’s shoulder, “just let myself go like that, it was… intense,” he finished.
“It’s reckless and dangerous. You place too much faith in me.” There was a note of regret to the words.
agreement. YES, I accept you as my Alpha for this heat. Now, John Watson, being of sound mind and very firm body, will you hurry up and FUCK me!”
“We both do.” John whispered and with the utmost care, scraped his tongue against the tip of one of Sherlock’s fangs.
“John… “ He whispered softly, “You’re drunk, go to bed.” Grasping the Doctor’s fingers between his own he eased the hand away, already feeling the cold taking its place and fighting the desperate desire to put the hand back where it so clearly belonged.
Deep in the pocket of Sherlock's tatty clothes, discarded after his rescue from Serbia, Anthea finds a handwritten note.
“Well of course you didn’t, you’ve been out all day,” Sherlock threw the words over his shoulder as he climbed into the cab.
With John’s free hand, he reached around Sherlock’s lean body, settling his palm against the sweaty small of his back, delighting in the feeling of the muscles bunching and flexing as Sherlock thrust against him.
John never mentioned it. Not the following morning, not the following day when, inexplicably, Sherlock repeated the activity. Silently taking a seat beside him on the couch and playing music on John’s back with his long violinist’s fingers, settling him and playing his skin to blissful repose.
So John lifted the edge of his blankets and closed the tiny gap between the beds, climbing under Sherlock’s and settling awkwardly on his back, facing the ceiling, “This alright?”
“Of course,” Sherlock muttered and edged to the far side as John shuffled up to sit on top of the blankets, fully clothed but for shoes.
“I’m also likely to comment on the number of semen-stained tissues evident on your bed. That’s likely to be construed as tactless. I assure you, however, that I’m going to ask only with the greatest concern as your Doctor.”
“Oh, I should think a few things should… come up as we go along,” and with a deep chuckle at his bad pun, Sherlock reached for John.
As is the answer as I shuffle closer, granting him the extra reach he needs to conquer his destination.
Sherlock leaned his head back against John’s shoulder, his sweaty curls sticking to John’s cheek, “John Watson, only you could apologise for the best fuck I’ve ever had.”
Catching his look, Sherlock’s face lit with equal parts enthusiasm and wickedness. Sherlock had been increasingly adventurous and with his talent and enthusiasm for experimentation, he’s kept his promise to keep up with whatever John was willing to try. In fact, some nights it was John who almost balked at some of the more outlandish options Sherlock suggested.
From the point of view of Scotland Yard, nothing changed. Sherlock was very careful in ensuring they never caught a glimpse of what he could do.
‘I’m here, John, I’m here,” he slid to a stop, his shins impacting hard against the stone edge, “I’ll get you out.”
“Didn’t think I’d want to repeat what we just did?” Sherlock shook his head, “I plan to do rather more with you now that I’m not obsessed with getting my hand around you.” And with that, Sherlock turned back to switch on the bathroom light, “Come on, John. Keep up.”
Sherlock silently rose from his chair and crossed the small space between their chairs, kneeling gently on the floor between John’s spread legs, his purple dressing gown fanning out around his supplicant calves, he drew in a quiet breath and reached out a large hand to lay it on John’s thigh. As John’s eyes sleepily opened and his gaze focussed on Sherlock’s, the detective opened his mouth and uttered the word that would change their world forever…
“No… “ John glanced at it, “No, it’s not. That bowl is unsalvageable.” John reached down again, “So I got you this.
“Stay as long as you like Doctor Watson,” another flash of eyes to Sherlock, this time accompanied by a disapproving pout, “Perhaps manners are contagious,” and with that, she departed amongst a clatter of yesterday’s cups and ashtrays.
John pursed his lips grimly as the sparkles of light stubbornly refused to disappear, “You know…..I’m not sure I am.”
Sherlock chuckled and John felt the sharp edge of fangs where they grazed the skin as Sherlock smiled before he drew away, “Sorry… yes, you’re right. I apologise.”
As his eyelids slipped closed, the velvet voice wrapped itself around his soul, “There now, John…..rest…where you belong.”
“Yeah, me too. It was time,” John wiggled his toes in their gaudy socks, revelling in the cosy warmth of the room.
After a guttural grunt, Sherlock rolled onto his back, and sleepy eyes opened to regard John at the other end of the couch.
“I feel like some sort of foolish, blushing bride, “ Sherlock mumbled, clearly angry at his own trembling clumsiness.
John looked the untouched liquid and suspected what was coming next, but the visceral feeling of dread that came with it surprised him, “Why?”
“She’s away with several of her lady-friends. They’re taking in the waters in Bath, apparently.” He cocked his head to the side thoughtfully, “At least, that’s where she
Sherlock had known since he was a young man that his desires ran contrary to societies dictates. As a result, he’d taken the unpopular step of remaining a bachelor rather than subject a woman he may otherwise respect and admire to a loveless marriage with no likelihood of children. Similarly, he was not foolish enough to seek out an emotionless rendezvous with men who could very well spell his downfall, incarceration, or worse.
“Would it surprise you to know that in the last five decades, humans killed by vampires’ feeding is outnumbered by hunters that have killed my kind. And not just by a few, by a factor of twenty!, Would it surprise you to know….hunter…that your entire order was founded by a madman with an grudge against a vampire who was begged…BEGGED by his dying wife to turn her? Would it shock you….JOHN,” Sherlock was on his feet now, magnificent in his anger, “…to know I’d willingly DIE before even feeding on an innocent, and that it’s a sentiment that’s shared by every vampire I know.”
“No, it’s…” Sherlock rolled his shoulders, gaining a few precious inches, “Damn it, I know you think you’re helping…” he muttered.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Sherlock. This is our room with, obviously, my bed in it. Where I intend to sleep. Let me in.”
“Good God, Watson,” Sherlock reflexively slipped back into the familiar name and it somehow seemed more erotic than the use of his first name would have been, “How I want you.”
John watched as Sherlock began unbuttoning the buttons on his shirt with fingers already pale and a little blue, before holding up a hand, “Wait… WAIT! Slow down, perhaps you’d better explain this to me.”
“Mr… ‘married to my work’…” John took another step forward, stopping at the bottom step as Mycroft rolled his eyes and huffed in frustration before pulling the front door shut, leaving them alone.
There was a broken needy whine as Sherlock shifted restlessly beneath John, grinding his hips up and pressing his obvious erection against John’s arse, through trousers and jeans..
Instead of replying and wasting valuable oxygen, John simply put his head down and pushed harder. The cards really were all in Sherlock’s hands at times like this. Longer legs, more athletic build and….
“Professional, as in Doctor, you understand, just…” Sherlock was rambling, which usually meant either he was solving a case, or that he was rattled. And going by the expression on his face, he was going with the latter, “… just, I’m expecting some bedside manner. I know they teach you that stuff at college, and —”
When Sherlock appeared the following morning, it was freshly washed and dressed, all signs of the previous night's revelations hidden from view under carefully tailored trousers, shirt and attitude.
“Hmmm?” Sherlock turned from where he was sitting at the breakfast table, delightfully rumpled in robe and pyjamas.
He placed the new bowl in front of Sherlock. It was a lurid fire-engine red and had a thick white rim running around the top.
“I want to hear it,” Sherlock flushed, pink rising high on his cheekbones, “I think I’ve proved beyond doubt that where this is concerned, I can’t be relied upon to get things right.”
“Sherlock!” John brought up the arm that wasn’t encumbered with a set of vampire teeth and clocked Sherlock on the side of the head with a balled fist.
They lay panting against each other, shuddering as pleasure became oversensitivity, and finally they eased apart, Sherlock rolling to flop bonelessly on his back at John’s side.
After reading your note over and over to remind me why I struggle to survive, I beg you to forgive me for surrendering now to recklessness one last time and say what I need to wash my soul clean.
The first…Christ..come up here,” John tugged at Sherlock until he crawled up to sprawl against him, “We don’t…it doesn’t have to be tonight, you know that, right?”
By way of reply, John fisted his hands in Sherlock’s shirt and dragged his head down to press a bruising kiss to his lips. At Sherlock’s startled squeak, John smiled against his mouth and dived back in for a longer series of kisses, no less passionate, but slightly softer, tugging Sherlock’s bottom lip between his own to work at it as Sherlock’s hands fisted in the fabric at his waist.
John placed the empty glass back on the side table, “Well,” he said thoughtfully, “there’s the awkward hunter-vampre-sworn enemies thing. I’d have thought that might….I dunno….change things.”
At his touch, he felt John clench around him and couldn’t stifle a groan at the added tightness. John’s eyes opened and cleared momentarily as he smiled up, tensing his pelvic muscles and Sherlock’s vision whited out as he picked up the pace of his thrusts.
“But I…” John felt his knot firm again and his cock pulse as Sherlock shuddered through secondary orgasm.
“Mr Holmes, I find myself in a difficult position,” she lowered the cap to the side table, “I find myself upon your doorstep having to ask for a most unlikely favour.”
I recall lying there, under the sheets, warming quickly but still shaking with the aftermath of that dream. I could sense you beside me, so silent and yet I could hear your mind working as if there were gears rattling around in your head. I never understood that, Sherlock, how you and I could understand each other so completely without a word being said. I never had that with anyone else, and I certainly don’t have it with Mary.
He felt like he was going to a particularly brutal detox and was through those first few lethargic days. His skin was clearer, his mind more alert. If not for the preoccupation with Sherlock, he’d swear off vampires for life.
With a growl of delight, Sherlock shifted to loom over John and bent toward his goal, lapping first at one pebbled nipple before shifting to the other and back again, his cool saliva chilling further in the bedroom air. John shivered and whimpered at his ministrations, as much from the sensation as the cold air.
A fine tremor had started up in Sherlock as he lay beside John, curled facing him, and John wondered, not for the first time, just how much experience Sherlock had with another man, or anyone at all, really. He’d made his feelings on
The door to the morgue slid shut with a metallic, and very final-sounding click that brought Sherlock’s head swinging up from the corpse he was looking at.
Something complicated shifted in John’s features and his lips pressed more firmly together before he replied, “Yeah… OK… I’ll just… go pack, will I?”
Sherlock grinned, trying to lighten the mood, as John stalked back and forth beside his bed, “I did suggest you sleep here.”
“I can’t promise that, Sherlock,” John whispered, aware how his voice caught roughly, “I wish I could, because if you stop touching me right now, I may
John nodded shakily, not trusting his voice as Sherlock’s hand circled lower again and his mind screamed that with just another inch, the back of Sherlock’s hand would brush against his erection. He feared that if he opened his mouth, words like Please, and yes, and touch me, would tumble out. He wanted that touch badly, but perhaps Sherlock had doubts.
a text-book example of the modern vampire, are you Sherlock?” John levered himself up on to his elbows, and then shifted to sit leaning against the headboard, steadying himself as the room spun.
Sherlock only grunted in response, which John took as a good sign as their thrusts became more erratic, more desperate.
“Why are you awake? You went up hours ago,” Sherlock pushed himself up on his elbows, “we have a busy day, I want you well rested.”
Meanwhile, John’s poor neglected cock lay thick in his pants, barely constrained by its fabric prison. Whenever, in desperation, he’d tried to reach and take himself in hand Sherlock had gently and silently taken hold of his arms and shifted them away. He felt like a clock-spring, dangerously close to being over-wound.
silence, this was an unhappy, sluggish silence that profoundly disturbed John. Sherlock was rarely normal, but this wasn’t normal, even for Sherlock.
Sherlock pulled off with a wet pop and chuckled, his nose buried amongst the wiry hairs at John’s crotch, “Perhaps you needed the right partner?”
By inches, Sherlock’s hand edged across the bed between them, coming to rest on John’s hip, just above his cotton boxers and John wondered if Sherlock could feel the way the fabric, even at that distance was tented away from his groin.
Suddenly, Sherlock had barked an an restrained laugh and turned to John, a long-missed sparkle of fondness lighting up his whole face before the shutters came back down and he spat,
The only bright spot of the evening turned out to be the opportunity to watch surreptitiously as John took himself in hand, stroking briskly before tidily ejaculating into his own fist to limit the mess he then wiped up with his discarded shirt.
Sherlock stilled momentarily as he worked through the three simple words, “You’re immune!” he murmured in delighted wonder.
“She’ll be fine, John. They both will,” Sherlock glanced at the screen of his mobile as Molly’s name flashed up and punched the ignore button. “The baby’s only a couple of weeks from term and Mary’s in good health.”
Upon his return, Sherlock took in John’s haggard face, twitching hands, and slightly desperate eyes with a glance and wordlessly gathered two cups of tea and settled himself at the end of the sofa before beckoning John to join him. Several buttons were lost from John’s shirt in his haste to join him and only the echoing sigh from the detective lessened John’s own embarrassment at the rough, low noise that escaped him as the warm fingers settled on his skin. Neither mentioned the fact that it was two in the afternoon, or the fact that John was already half-hard within his jeans even before he’d even arranged himself on the couch.
John relaxed against Sherlock’s hand, the lines on his face easing into an easy smile, “Quite, my dear man, quite alright.”
“Fuck me, John. Or let me fuck you, I’d be happy with either, although I’ve never bottomed and I was hoping you’d be the first.”
John looked up from the newspaper he was perusing, his distracted look sharpening to something more raw, “Yeah, ah… yeah, if you don’t mind.” He paused for a moment thoughtfully, “You remembered.”
“God, yes Sherlock, just like that. Just…” John could feel his orgasm building, faster than he’d expected, feeding off Sherlock’s abandon.
His door was pushed open and the hallways light bracketed John as he stood on the threshold, “You OK?”
John tried not to smile, he tried hard, and yet something must have slipped through because Sherlock brightened and turned back to Molly, “Alright, since John says we have to do this the old fashioned way… Molly… “ And with a change in tone, she was back, alert but seemingly content to have somehow gotten to the chair.
Sherlock willed his hand not to tremble as he slotted the key in the lock of 221 Baker Street, praying that Mrs Hudson would already be abed as he guided John through the door with a hand firmly on the small of his back.
Sherlock’s breath caught as John pressed against him from chest to thigh and their erections pressed, obvious even through layers of winter tweed, “I’ve heard you have something of a reputation, Doctor Watson… Something about
Moment passed before the shaking he thought were aftershocks rattling Sherlock’s lean frame resolved themselves as quiet laughter, rocking him in John’s arms.
In a daze, he didn’t even speak to John before heading for the door, leaving the new father with his tiny pink bundle sitting in the rocking chair.
On a long breath out, John murmured, “Jesus,” before continuing with more assurance, “then that makes this even more important. I want this,” he gestured between them, “whatever this could be, to have a chance. A proper chance, without our bloody biologies dictating the terms.”
To his credit, John hesitated only a moment longer before getting to work on pulling off his coat and jumper, tossing them into the open doorway of the drawer for Sherlock to arrange. Shrugging off his shirt and jeans, he paused only a moment before stepping forward and passing them to Sherlock, who accepted them quietly with a nod.
Sherlock smiled before realising that perhaps the thought of John as food was not good, “It’s not just you that’s impacted, I have an increasingly irrational need to keep you close.”
Sherlock’s fingers tightened on his arm, the muffled whuffing and slurp continued, and John swayed as another round of vertigo assailed him.
. That was the problem, Sherlock thought. Molly had tried to call him three times. Had given him three opportunities to come to her rescue and he’d let her down. Internally, he was screaming. But looking at Lestrade, wracked by the grief of losing a skilled and dear colleague, he couldn't burden the Inspector with his guilt.
Sherlock let the spoon fall noisily into his empty cereal bowl and looked up, “How many times do I have to repeat myself?”
There was a moment of stillness as John’s heart leapt into his mouth, grabbing at Sherlock to stop him hurting himself, “Wait…WAIT! Damn it, hold still, I’ll pull out…”
“It’s like… it’s like the scent of pine lingers in a room after the Xmas tree has been removed. It reminds me of the celebration.” John winced, “Sorry, it’s the scotch, that sounded twee.”
“I thought I did.” Sherlock said helplessly, adrift on a tide of arousal and need, "I said I always wanted you. Before... during... after."
John tightened his arms around Sherlock at the wave of possessiveness that swept over him, “So did I, if we do this, you’ll be in my arms.”
“Go to bed, John,” Sherlock suggested again, more forcefully, “Stop talking, before you say something you’ll regret. You don’t want to do this now.”
He’d tried to ask, more than once, desperate to reassure himself that Holmes had some outlet for what he was sure was years of very natural, pent-up emotion. Someone who would hold him close, touch him tenderly and give him much needed release from what he had no doubt were substantial yet carefully concealed passions.
I’m not sure how to even begin, except to say I’m sorry and to beg your forgiveness for the shock that you will no doubt feel on receipt of this note.
As the pages slowly turned, one by one, the pensive watchfulness in Sherlock’s bearing slipped away as the facts and data accumulated and captured his attention. The frequent glances to assess John’s mood became more sporadic and he settled more comfortably back on his heels, absorbed in the work in his hands.
“We still talking about food?” John chuckled teasingly and then sucked in a quick breath at the careless words that had tumbled forth without thinking.
He looked down at the detective. A bomb could go off in the room at this point and John knew Sherlock wouldn’t stir. Sherlock tried to explain it away as ‘going to his mind-palace’ but John knew better….. John knew the truth.
Deep ridges appeared between John’s furrowed brow, “You’re really shaken, aren’t you? Hang on, I’ll get us both a drink. I’ll be back in a second.”
Sherlock murmured against John’s shirt before lifting his head and making eye contact, colour high in his cheeks, “This is… difficult for me.”
John and I are very private men, not given to sharing our innermost thoughts beyond a tightly regimented circle. In addition to me, John has Lestrade and, though it galls me to say it, I have Mycroft.
“Perhaps that might be helpful, blow the cobwebs out, so to speak,” John held the door as Sherlock passed by him into the night, settling his top hat as he did so.
John balanced his elbows on his knees and then cradled his head in his hands, “If anything happens to her, Sherlock. It’ll be my fault.”
Sherlock, a matching tightness in his own voice as he resisted the urge to prevent John from leaving hissed back, “Intolerable.”
“I know you do, and I’ll give you everything you need, just let me get you sorted first.” He dragged the wobbly man down the hall to the bedroom, before toppling him face-first onto the bed.
So, in the vain hope that my belongings make their way back to England, I’ll take this opportunity to set a few final things right, and perhaps set your mind a little more to rest in the process.
And with that, Sherlock was gone, and for reasons that John vaguely understood but still found unbearable, he curled onto his side on the sofa, clutched at his cramping stomach, and sobbed.
For a long minute the two men stood breathing into the same small space between their faces; Sherlock trembling gently in sorrow and John’s hand twitching slightly in restrained anxiety..
Sherlock glanced down at himself, the exposed triangle of neck visible between the gaping edges flushes as the blush rose to stain his cheeks, “But you only seek out Omega females, John.”
“Close your eyes,” Sherlock’s baritone was rougher than it had been throughout the night and John hurried to comply, hiding what little view he’d had of Sherlock in the dimness.
