, who was now standing in the middle of the room, still shocked at the events of the day. Old Marley waved his son closer, and
“Told you so.
The man asks shyly, looking at him through his eyelashes.
“Obviously, the criminals didn’t like that, and they soon started to figure out who I was. On my last stop in Serbia, they captured me.” The detective shuddered. John reacted instinctively and scooted closer to Sherlock. Their shoulders brushed together, and Sherlock threw John a look of gratitude.
“I know.” Sherlock shouts, throws his wheel on a pillow and stretches his arm to grab the popcorn bag.
His arms hurt like crazy.
, HARRY IS SAYING I WILL NEVER MARRY!
’s common rooms. Sherlock can spy multiple bottles of scotch behind a glass door, but they are all unopened and untouched. Maybe Sherlock is not the only one with a past addiction.
John shudders and takes a sip.
“What do you mean, I ordered the Pizza
John announces. Their search is promising to be much safer with the
Some kid!lock this time. No warnings apply.
Thank god we have fanfiction for that!
Sherlock sighs: "As always, you are blind to the knowledge my experiments can generate.“
I hope everyone is enjoying their December. We are halfway through with this story!!
“Speaking of sweets…
Sherlock wants to thank John for visiting and staying with him the night, but he does not know how. He presses his palms against his legs and fidgets around on the seat.
Paddington tells him.
It’s over.
John called him his boyfriend.
song (John sang it yesterday in the shower in their hotel room)  from a train station, crying children, swearing parents, a pair of kissing teenagers. It’s smell of hot almonds, bought on some Christmas market, of cheap deodorant, and cigarettes.
“Nothing.
“You wouldn’t want it any other way, it’s boring.
in them too. A future soldier? The boy was shorter than him, but his arms were muscled and his body language showed a confident nature. The phone in his pocket looked new, but there was a big scratch on the display. A gift from a sibling maybe?
Bank account. Helping his economically less fortunate students and stealing money from Mycroft (his brother is so rich he won’t notice) on one day. It is a treat.
put a leather bookmark into his book and threw it on the night table where it landed with a muffled sound.
, a famous bed slave who could tire even the biggest man in bed out. John was kind of glad that
John took one of his hands and pressed it against his own, beating heart.
The train is fortunately almost empty, with only a few seniors sitting in a corner, knitting. Seeing this reminds John of how Sherlock took up knitting himself last year. Sherlock claimed it was for a case of course, but John later found a purple scarf in his sock drawer. John wonders if the dog from the animal shelter he has his eyes on would appreciate the scarf.
Let’s go!
John doesn’t bother with getting a chair. He sits down carefully at Sherlock’s side. John can feel the heat from Sherlock’s body through his shirt, and it calms his down enough to fully slip into doctor mode. He caresses his hand through Sherlock curls to jitter Sherlock’s nerves, but the detective doesn’t react. John gently pries his arms away from Sherlock’s face, whose eyes are scrunched shut. There are multiple bruises forming on Sherlock’s right side of the face, probably the side he fell on. His eyebrow is crusted with blood, and there are small pieces of glass in his hair. John gently pulls Sherlock up in a sitting position and presses Sherlock’s face to his chest.
What do we have here?
“I married her.
The next morning, John does not remember what happened. Sherlock starts to isolate himself again, but great danger looms...
You can definitely say a lot of bad stuff about Secret Service — all the paperwork, the dozens of cameras always following, the grumpy agents — but their hospital wing is actually quite nice. A few relaxed and friendly nurses walk around, and everyone smiles at him as they pass in the hallway. The rooms are decorated as well, with lamps formed like snowflakes, a few plastic Christmas Trees, and a Santa Claus head over the bed rest. It screams Christmas, comfort and joy, but they are in a hospital, and there is no laughter here.
“I don’t want to pressure him into anything.
"I understand."
Greg throws himself into the water and let's out a cry: “Oh
You could say that Mycroft died doing what he loved: being an obnoxious bastard. No, that’s not fair. His brother died on a sunny day on the 21th of January in his office at the Diogenes Club, in the presence of his murder, a soldier and his little brother.
his long teeth and his arms are positioned to attack.
“What are you doing?
The answer follows promptly:
He stared at the ceiling, lost in thought, when he remembered the message of Marley’s ghost. Three other ghosts would meet him and show him his apparent wrongdoings.
“She certainly was no longer my wife, not
Sherlock asks, confused. Surely John was always surrounded by a groupie of supporters and would not be interested in meeting Sherlock.
here has made himself a good reputation. He is very obedient and most importantly, intelligent and quick thinking. Exactly what you are looking for, Mr Marley.
nodded: “I want the business to be successful. Father will be proud of me.
to himself. “This can’t be possible. The clock must be wrong.
A few years, when John visited his parents during a long weekend in his first term, his mother had shown him her golden wedding ring.
The two young men focus back on their game. John finally shows him the rest of his island and most importantly the museum.
Sherlock lets John
“Ding Dong.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I did not know we have visitors.
“Where are we going?” Sherlock mumbled into John’s shoulder as they made their way to that damned car of theirs. John hated driving in the city and finding a parking spot was a fucking nightmare, but Mary had insisted she needed one. John didn’t feel an ounce of regret when he packed them both into her vehicle. Mary deserved to have her car kidnapped.
“If you become my flatmate, you should know that I sometimes go days without speaking and that I play the violin. It helps me think. Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.
Have fun.
WARNINGS: Forced Blowjob
They stay there for a while, until John pulls both of them into a standing position.
"I should have told John. Everything would have been different."
“The seller mentioned you were quite a mouthful.
There comes the next train, and now there are new people there, fighting to reach the door, and more people getting off the train.
“Of course, but until then…
John starts, pressing his hand on Sherlock’s back. Sherlock turns around, suddenly enraged by his careful tone.
, like always. It’s your favourite.
. The man insisted on being named Anders, and John had grudgingly complied. Gregor wasn’t so happy with his new purchase either. Apparently Anderson’s eyesight was rather bad and the slave seller
Molly says. Sherlock can feel her body turn to his direction to address him better.
„I will show you.“
(John had held him the whole night. He had listened to his tears and his muffled cries. He had listened to his grief and to his anger. He had rocked him back and forth. For eight hours they had shared this small hospital bed and since then the bed in Baker Street.)
“So, how will you cure my limp?
“What went wrong?
John bites his lips: “It is hard to explain, but James and I shared a certain form of affection for each other, and I always wondered what could have happened.
Professor Watson says and starts dumping food on Sherlock’s plate. Sherlock watches this unexpected manoeuvre confused. This professor somehow already managed to catch him off guard twice.
John answered, and they both resolved into giggles. It felt so good! John had not been so alive since he missed the army. Joining the gladiator school had been a poor alternative, and it was nothing against the joy he felt now. Heart thumping, hand perfectly still, perfect aim. John felt like himself again, and at that moment he knew that he would do everything to continue experiencing these emotions. Sherlock had brought him back into this world, full of excitement and danger, and therefore, Sherlock had to stay with him. Unbroken, not crippled, but chained. That evening John prepared a bed on the sofa, and that’s where Sherlock had slept ever since. They solved a few other cases, but the most noteworthy for John was the one with the ruined paintings. The artist had paid them money for solving it. For a moment Sherlock looked hopeful, but John had quickly spent it on a new armour and some food.
’s office. God knows why the man needed his workplace at his home!
as the new headmistress, after
“Ouch! Sorry, Sherlock. Mary, what.
Good idea.
“My parents called me Sherlock.
“Yes, I did. I desperately wanted to comfort you, and this worked best.
“When did you start? It must have taken you years.
Sherlock and John look for the missing students and talk about their past.
John asks amused and raises his eyebrows at Sherlock, who shakes his head, feeling mortified. He did not expect the full power of Mrs. Hudson throwing herself at the first boy he has met in years, but in hindsight, he really should have.
Sherlock hasn’t yet. There is no apparent connection between the victims, they all died of cold, dehydration, and Jones because of an overdose. Their bodies were delivered to either their spouses, their parents or their best friend. Not only that, they were marked with a sign, marking it as a gift for their loved ones.
Sherlock coughed
Sherlock nods: “Usually, people are more willing to give money during Christmas time, so I was running extra hours the last weeks.
He gave a weird chuckle.
is much cuter though.”
John ended up buying him for a ridiculous sum of money. That evening in John’s bed had been excruciating, and it still amazed him that John had stopped before entering him. The gladiator could have easily destroyed Sherlock, but at the last moment, he chooses not to.
John finds the perfect gift.
John takes a note out of his pocket:
“Is that the boyfriend you are always talking our ears off, Watson?
“Did you kiss me on my forehead tonight?
“Sherlock, answer me, damn it!
The other employee at
Or better, John found someone.
Sherlock waves and points at the roofs of London. „I can name a few people at the top of my hat.“
"On the first day of your meeting, you cured John Watson of his psychosomatic limp. You gave him a home, a purpose, and a social circle. You solved cases and brought justice to dozens of victims and their loved ones. You were fighting against a madman, and you still soldiered on."
John asks.
slash healer exclaims so loudly, that Flitwick nearly chokes on his pumpkin juice.
John has not yet witnessed a happy marriage in his life.
Sherlock forces himself to smile, and to control his quickly beating heart. He does have a dark secret, and after seeing that damned poster, he wants it to stay a secret from John even more.
“I am so proud of you, Sherlock.“
“You were the one who complained of being bored.
Sherlock Holmes.
He whispers quietly to John.
“Of course I am angry, there is no reason not to be. I am surrounded by bloody fools! Merry Christmas! There is nothing special about this day, except that you are spending more money that you have, eat too much, drink too much, getting a day older without gaining one! You all should spend the day working hard, sorting through your books, keeping your paperwork in order! If I could decide, I would command that everyone who has a
“Are they beginning the game?
“ENOUGH!
strained his ears to listen to them.
“I don’t think it’s the delivery guy who forgot something.
Sherlock snorts:
Thank you.
“Thank you, so much. For everything.
He is alone for two years, in Brazil, Italy, Tibet, sometimes hunting and more often being hunted.
“Here is your fourth pizza. That’s
He was dangling from the ceiling, swaying hence and forth. His hands fought against the cuffs, straining to rip the noose from his neck. His feet were dancing in the air. It must look horrible. It felt like someone had stuck a hot iron into multiple parts of his body. John would only find another body. There would be a free room at 221b Baker Street. Lestrade would (unsuccessfully) try to find his murderer, Mrs Hudson would cry and Molly would cut his body open. John would be alone, again. No child, no wife, no Sherlock. He would have failed him, again and again and again.
John says.
“Anything you want to do.
for that, after the Victor Trevor catastrophe, but the crown prince went a bit too fair with the Harry
John asks and brushes his mouth clean with a handkerchief.
The biggest cousin, Sir Walter, howls. “What do you want to try out today?
Sherlock exclaims. He loves Halloween, and his head is already brimming with ideas.
behind the Basilica Julia in the Roman Forum. It was an extremely popular slave market in Rome. John’s heart shuttered. Did Gregor want to buy him his own slave?
John and Sherlock visit the parents on Halloween.
His cupboard smelled of Clair de la Lune, a popular muggle perfume.
The door opened and all the guests turned around. It was Sherlock, and for a moment John was blown away by his appearance. The detective had tried to control his curls for the special occasion, but some locks were already fluffing around his forehead again. They both were matching suits. John looked like an ordinary bloke in it, and Sherlock had the aura of a bloody supermodel. The detective was walking down the aisle to meet him, and John couldn’t keep the big, happy smile away from his face. God, it was so unfair. Not that John minded gawping at his best friend here and then.
Mycroft turned to the waiting Ghost.
“The house is perfect. I absolutely love it.
They soon became inseparable.
"Do you want red or white wine?"
Sherlock turns around and curls his arms around his stomach.
The door of the toilet opens and one of the football hooligans walks in with that overly confident feeling of a white, straight and abled man who has never felt like the room did not belong to him. Sherlock rubs his face dry and attempts to leave, but the door is nearly thrown closed into his face. A strong arm has thrown it closed and Sherlock can smell the terrible breath of the other man.
"You are an recovering addict and were in extreme pain. It's understandable."
A romantic school dance.
He doesn’t only adopt the little puppy, but also a dog collar, a ball, dog food and a leash.
“Where are we going?
“Sherlock dislikes hospitals and doesn’t trust easily. He is in a lot of pain and after what he went through it’s only natural that he is scared!
“20 Stairs are straight ahead, darling.
“We can’t both stare.
"You suffered."
Definitely a concussion then.
When Sherlock was abducted from his homeland to an unknown destination, he knew his life was as good as over. There was nothing to return to anyway. His father had sold him to the slaver, a few months after
Sherlock says quickly.
was a kind man and always hoped for a rekindling of their friendship.
, he said quietly. Right, the beautiful boy would return. Ten minutes, tops. He needed a plan. He needed a perfect master plan.
Except he wasn’t. It took him 18 months, and every step further away from London, from Baker Street, from Scotland Yard, from home, from John Watson was pure agony.
Before Sherlock has a chance to respond, a new man walks into the flat. He is not much taller than Paddington, with short blond hair and blue eyes, and wears a brown jumper and jeans. This must be John Watson, the army doctor. Paddington detects a lot of problems under the jumper, a steady hand, a strong will and a few dark secrets that are buried deep. As soon as John steps in, Baker Street seems to glow, and Sherlock is much more relaxed. The two men smile at each other.
John tells him gently. The army soldier has a small white plaster on his forehead, but otherwise he looks fine. “Your back will be killing you tomorrow.
“Her name is Mary
“Because it is fun, there won’t be any more children around it is way too late for that and I bet you will love kissing in front of all the mirrors.
John asks abruptly, and Sherlock accepts. The two sit down at John’s teacher table. Sherlock rubs his frozen fingers (his fingers always go cold when he is nervous).
Medieval-Au.
Do you want to go to my room? We can ask the house elves for a cup of hot chocolate. Helps against the shock.
They flew quickly over the roofs of London and the river. Where there was fog, there was now a clear night, with snow laying on the ground. The two landed on the outskirts of London, in front of a large house that was desperately in need of repair.
John’s eyes searched for Lestrade’s, and he nodded at him.
The Ghost’s voice was gentle, and that calmed down
„It is decided.“ said Earnest and wrote his signature on a paper that the man handed to him. „Margaret, Mycroft, let’s leave this horrible place.“
He grits it out of his teeth, while being forced to read the words over and over again.
hated it.
“We are driving to Lestrade.” John explained and turned the key. The car came to life with a splutter. “From there, I will call your brother.” He noticed Sherlock’s disgruntled expression at that and snorted. “He can get you better treatment. You should really be in hospital, but we can’t exactly turn up there, with you being dead and disgraced and all that.” John didn’t try to keep the bitterness out of his voice. Let Sherlock get a taste of what he had done. Sherlock didn’t react to that and John saw that he had fallen asleep again. Well, sleeping would help with the fever, so John didn’t protest and instead focused on driving.
Sleep, at last.
Suddenly, there is the loudest cheer so far, and it does not stop. Sherlock can hear everyone standing up, but he decides to stay seated since it won’t make a difference anyway.
His mom sighed (sorry, mummy, but it’s for the greater good — his love life). “Just call the shop and ask for a new one, sweetie. You gave them enough money anyway.
Sherlock groans. By Merlin’s beard, where have all the nice and polite
The voice screams, and it is now closer. Sherlock changes directions abruptly, thinks himself safe, when suddenly -
John takes his Paddington toy, his favourite and curls his arms around it: “If they don’t like rugby, I can find someone else to talk with them! And I can take care of them, when I am a doctor.
She was a murderous assassin, never apologized and never showed remorse."
John beamed at him.
Victor was never on that interesting level.
saw his younger persona sitting on his desk, reading a letter.
John is a realistic man. He always knew that Sherlock’s and his time on the beach will come to an end one day. They lived in two different world, cultures, hell, they don’t are the same species. It is still painful, more so than John could have ever imagined.
“What did you wish for?
he cried and stepped in without permission, nodding at John Watson as he went.
John tells him, and gives Sherlock the precious gifts. The stuff looks delicious in Sherlock’s starved mind, and he quickly wolfs it down before it can be taken away from him.
“Where are we?
John says.
1) One of them may get hurt
Sherlock laughs at John’s enthusiasm. They do another turn. After a few weeks of training, John is quite good at it. His favourite part is the moment when he gets to spin Sherlock around and catch a glimpse of his delightful smile. He did practice another move alone in his room (Harry helped too), and he cannot wait to surprise Sherlock with it.
"You are stupid.“
Sherlock laughs: “What would you have done if I said no?
Sherlock can not find the strength in him to answer, so he just spits Moriarty right into his stupid, snake-like face. The other student draws back and rubs his face, irritated.
“Everything is good.
John tells him and positions his charge on his bed.
Sherlock blinked: "What is it?“
“He is gone.
John sparred against two fairly new slaves, both had short swords and a wooden shield as weapons. Sherlock could see that John played more than fought with them. The gladiator wanted to show the new slaves how to survive, and a swift defeat would teach them nothing. The fight took about ten minutes, and ended with John disarming both of them. Sherlock had to clean the weapons and put them away, but he didn’t mind much. At least the weapon chamber was out of the burning sun.
didn’t usually bother to regard his clerk for more time than it takes to give an order.
It was 100% certain that Old Marley was dead.
Right now, he has an entirely different problem. The cleaning has taken longer than he anticipated, and there is simply no time for a shower or a change of clothes before his meeting with John.
You’re not that rude. And your name is Sherlock?
“What about Mary
The boy was wearing a red jersey jacket which complemented his shoulders. He probably did a lot of sport, maybe football or rugby, something with lots of running. The jocks always teased Sherlock at school, but he immediately had a feeling that this boy was different. The eyes were so caring. A future doctor? Sherlock had only met him for a moment, and he already wanted to know everything about him.
Fifteen minutes later, all children have returned. Sherlock notices that Allen’s face is nearly purple from the exercise. Serves him right for burning a table.
Sherlock groans: “More decorations! You can barely see the books through all of this.
said Old Marley, “That the spirit shall wander the earth after death, and witness what it never had, and see happiness it never enjoyed.
It makes Sherlock’s stomach flip, but the utter delight on John’s face and the feeling of John’s strong arms around him makes the trip through the cold forest entirely
They both agreed that Sherlock couldn’t know. Mary could tell when he was lying.
The young man says.
That must be it.
students are privileged with their own rooms. They are allowed a small space for working and experimenting late at night, so as not to disturb their classmates.
Sherlock says.
, and literally no one cares for the steaming potion in front of them.
, a good cook, a kind man with deep blue eyes, but a kind smile. He also found a lighter collar for him that didn’t hurt his marks so much and also opened the cuffs from his hands and ankles. As a slave he wasn’t allowed to wear a toga, but John bought him better clothes. Sherlock felt much better after that. He had to get used to walking behind John and bowing his head, but it helped immensely that John not only trusted, but learned to admire him. Sherlock could almost fool himself that they were a team now.
, the
Of course, the festivity is not only in the Great Hall. The knight statues are tasked with patrolling every night and maybe to sneak up on a student or two. The figures in the paintings are visiting each other and singing weirdly scary rhymes to everyone who walks upon them.
Sherlock shakes his head between his sobs.
"I made you angry."
An authoritative voice erupt, and it is suddenly eerily quiet. Sherlock can only hear his rapid breathing and John — he is back, finally — running towards his fallen figure.
rubs her head against his arm. It gives credit to these creatures that they did not run away when the spider attacked.
On Christmas Day, for many people the best day of the year,
“Mummy, you’re embarrassing!
“It was Mary, wasn’t she? She drugged your
“It means that you are in love with Sherlock Holmes, and you should kiss him immediately.
boyfriend.
“I always worry about you.
John says. “I don’t think you have grown this year.
"You didn't want to get him into more danger, right?"
“Stay. Please.
According to God’s holy law,
, looking doubtful.
“Oh, look. This is a card from Felipe and
. The woman who celebrated Christmas with you and lied about her pregnancy.
“Molly, we need to switch.
She says suggestively and Sherlock has a feeling he will not like Irene’s idea.
Sherlock Holmes has perfectly finished doing most of that (however tedious some teacher meetings may be — really, nobody can expect him to concentrate on all of them), but today he had to return to his rented flat at Baker Street in London because apparently, his experiment hasn’t died off completely and had given his landlady, Mrs. Hudson, nearly a heart attack. Cleaning was required, and for some reason, Mrs. Hudson insisted on him doing it.
muttered
John nodded: “I did love her, but she was only a substitute — and that’s where I am to blame too. Then I found out about her lives, her whole stolen identity. She shot you, and how can I ever love someone after she did that?
sound in the world. Even more so than the music the game plays when their team wins.
“How are you doing, Sherlock?
"You would have let him kill you. How would that have helped?"
Today would be different for them, and John had dreaded this conversation for a long time. His whole family celebrated when he received the news that he got accepted to St. Bart’s. It had been John’s dream university, and being a doctor is his most important wish. The problem is that St. Bart’s is in London, and London is a hundred of miles away from the sea. John will be leaving home, his parents, his old school friends, and most importantly, Sherlock Holmes, second-born son to the king of the Mermen kingdom.
too himself, but he is too far away for John to understand him.
to give John the illusion of a happy family he preferred over adventures at Baker Street.
“How did I not see it.
, though he was worried Sherlock would see it as too much of a cliché. Instead, the boy wears it proudly. The colour of the flower matches his eyes, and John is very proud of his choice.
“He can protect you while I can’t be here.
Sherlock is dying.
This time they travelled away from the stinking chimneys of London, into the far countryside.
He croaks out, tongue stumbling on the foreign words. It works, because John is settling down next to him. The crown prince throws a blanket over both of them, and Sherlock scoops up a bit closer to his new husband, who carefully puts his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders.
Molly was wiping a tear from her eyes now. She and Greg looked ready to attend a funeral, not a wedding. At least they were here, not like Mike and Harry who didn’t even bother to write him a card
"John forgave me. It was a miracle."
Now, there is nothing there.
“For god’ sake, Sherlock.” John exclaims and raises his arms in frustration.
“He will be, I can stitch the wound up at home.
“Me leaving the
John tries not to look at Sherlock’s genitals too closely, and he misses the green-blue fishtail, but overall, somehow, the boy is more beautiful than ever before. If only he would finally say something! John quickly chugs away trousers, socks and jumper.
So, how much of the potion do you need?
“Honey, are you okay out there? Your pizza is getting cold!
“I know how to convince you!
“An explosion, really? You mean like a gas leak?
and going back to prison, their handshake on the tarmac, and at last, everything that happened after.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock leans forward in his seat and puts his long hands together in a thinking pose. “Did you notice anyone behaved differently in the last days?
Continuation will come tomorrow.
“I caught a bee yesterday and donated it.” John explains when they are in the insects rooms. The part of the museum Blathers probably has nightmares about.
"Fabricated." John's blue eye flicked up to Sherlock, "your bother does 'occupy a minor position in the british government' he would have helped you."
“You’ll run out of memory,” Sherlock warned her.
John answered for him, holding back a wince. “Sherlock ensured Mr Hudson’s death.”
They were shocked into silence as her sick hit Mycroft’s chest and dribbled down his jacket.
John nodded. “And that works?”
“This place is,” John shook his head instead of finishing.
The lift stopped on the correct floor and the receptionist gestured to Sherlock to depart, he did so, striding down the hallway towards his brothers office. “Mycroft, it is crucial that you spend time with her.”
“This place is amazing,” John repeated.
“Come on then, let’s get you to bed before you tire yourself out.” He talked to her as though she were an adult and not a six-month-old baby.
Sherlock retrieved a pack of wipes with one hand and offered them to John.
“Its fine, John.”
“I’m not dressing up.”
“That’s great mum,” John said rather flatly. “I’m calling because I have something to tell you, you and dad.”
“Does she have a name?” The doctor asked, sitting up straight while keeping his hand in the cot for the baby to play with, her little hands reaching out to him.
Maeve gurgled and placed her head on his shoulder with a yawn.
He didn’t bother with a glare. John stepped into the room and closed the door behind him.
Maeve jerked at the sound of his voice and lifted her head to look up at him.
“Particular?” Mrs Hudson repeated, her voice high like it always was when she was confused, eyes flicking over the occupants of the room.
John hummed in acknowledgement. He preferred to be up and active but the relaxation was nice, unlike anything he’d experienced since moving in with Sherlock.
“Well, accidents do happen.” Sherlock said, remedying his comment somewhat unsuccessfully.
Greg set down his own cutlery. “I want to ask you something.”
“We’re going to have a nice day in.” He walked into the living room.
John helped him to attach the carseat to the frame of the buggy and Sherlock paid the cabbie. The cab pulled away from the curb and the taller man plucked his daughter from the seat, holding her in his large hands. He kissed the top of her head in a bid to keep her happy. She continued to frown but her hands fisted in his suit jacket and shirt.
He smiled and placed a kiss on her temple.
Mycroft took an annoyed breath and took his seat, placing two glasses on the table in front of him and Greg while Siger sat opposite his wife with his own brandy.
“Yes, a logical decision.” John smiled. “So, you’re going out to buy baby rice?”
“Come here,” Mycroft said to Maeve, his voice softer than usual.
“I look forward to seeing it,” Mycroft said in a tone that might suggest, to one that did not know him quite so well, that he was incredibly bored but to the consulting detective and army doctor, was a tone of genuine curiosity and excitement.
Sherlock sniffed again. “Yes, Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock cradled Maeve and hushed her gently as they walked through the shop.
“Silvia, Harold.” He bowed his head in greeting.
The officer straightened up, “Yeah, I’ve heard all about him, the tall guy in the coat.”
“Maeve was beside herself.”
“Why?”
“My influence only goes so far.”
“I’m assuming you brought me here for a reason.” He sighed and went about his task of taking off the infants shoes. She shot him an annoyed look but softened moments later as her eyes wandered over the shop.
“Too much information” Brian groaned.
She heard them before she saw them. Sherlock striding from the building with John and Greg behind him, still talking about the crime scene.
“The papers,” Mycroft surmised.
“Harry,” Silvia rushed up and hugged her daughter. Harold embraced her after, the moment his wife let her go and then they stood back at arm’s length.
“Fine, it just scared her.” John said with a small smile. He picked up his phone with his free hand, the one he wanted to use to rub down her back and calm her.
“Sherlock.” John prompted.
Harold smiled reassuringly.
“It is nowhere near as nice in the rain.”
“Be my guest.” Mycroft gestured to the Moses basket. His icy eyes narrowed minutely, unnoticeable to the untrained eye and he threw off an air of indifference – something he’d perfected many years ago. Beneath the façade, he was a little off-kilter. His father had held babies throughout his life but it had been a while and nerves were tingling at the back of Mycroft’s neck.
“You’re working the case aren’t you?” John asked. He already knew the answer but that didn’t stop him.
“So, you’ve been trying food?”
“We don’t need ten hours,” Mycroft told him. “He’s escalated, he’s not following his usual pattern; he’ll call soon because he’s raised the stakes. I have someone at the bank.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow in doubt. “You are no use to her in this state. Go, calm down, and I will give her back to you, then, and only then.”
“A baby.” John smiled.
“It makes the separation harder.” Violet clarified.
“Language.” He scolded, frowning and looking down at the baby in his arms.
Sherlock’s cheeks lit up a brilliant shade of pink and he hid them by looking down at Maeve and whispering something to her inaudible. Petunia nodded slowly, unsure and stared at her nephew with an expression torn between disbelief and wonder. When he looked up his cheeks were still red, he cleared his throat and expressed, “John is an equal in parenting her.”
“Alex went to look for a book.” Violet explained. “And Jordon was in the kitchen.”
Sherlock and Greg went across the hallway into the dining room as Sally continued her questioning.
“Weird relationship.” John finished with a puff of laughter, “they’re close but they don’t like you to think they are. Human error and all that. They think that emotions are for the weak…”
“I left the papoose out for you, it’s on the desk and the bag is on the table.” Sherlock rambled, pulling on his coat and fastening his scarf. His eyes were flicking over the flat in small rapid motions and occasionally settled on John, standing in the bedroom doorway with Maeve in his arms. The blonde looked annoyed and amused. “There’s a bottle on the side…”
“We’re just going to check her temperature, we need to make sure her temperature remains the same and then we’ll give her a bath, for now though, we’re just going to give her a look over, check everything ok, and let her sleep. We can move her to a nursery if you need time to yourself or we can leave her in here with you, either is fine, it’s completely up to you. We’ll get a bottle prepared for you soon, a nurse can walk you through it, if you like, and feed her when she’s hungry, you’ll know when she’s hungry, she’ll let you know.” Doctor Greene explained. “After that, when we say so, you can go home, if you’re prepared?”
Sherlock yawned and nodded. “Like a baby.”
“Right,” Sherlock announced readjusting Maeve so that he was holding her with two hands a small space away from his body with her body submerged in the water, only her shoulders upward above the surface of the pool. “Do you trust me?”
Sherlock took a deep breath. “I felt as though the world had stopped moving.”
“And that is nothing to be ashamed of.” John added with a fond smile, he reached over and ran his hand down Maeve’s small back, settling on the consulting detectives hand for a moment. He drew his hand back and picked up his tea.
“I’ve told you. Isn’t that enough?”
“She’s not far off real food,” John said, eyebrow-raising ever so slightly.
John frowned, “you are a child.”
Anthea rolled her eyes. “Doesn’t she make you…broody?”
Sherlock’s lips pursed together.
“It wasn’t your fault.” Violet grabbed her husband’s hand.
“He’ll be out soon, mummy went towards the study.”
Greg returned the smile.
Sherlock frowned. “Me or her?”
Sherlock pretended to consider it for a moment before stepping onto the white sheet to join his family, he didn’t bother faking a smile. He shifted Maeve slightly, so that she was facing the camera and kept hold of her small hand, to keep her entertained.
John’s eyes narrowed slightly. “Is she ok? The baby?”
“He’s just thinking, don’t worry about him.” John said after a second, eyes flicking to Victor momentarily.
“John?” Sherlock asked, closing the journal and placing it on the desk beside him.
“Have you heard from Howard?”
“We worked a case for Mycroft yesterday but it’s all very hush hush.” John added.
“She was good as gold,” John went on. “Fell asleep on the London Eye though.”
“Three times,” Mycroft informed him.
Sherlock watched as the older man raised his daughter above her head and brought her down again in swift motions as though she were flying. He cleared his throat and tried again. “I was unclear. Stop. Or you’ll clean up the sick and have to give me CPR.”
“Maeve,” Sherlock pressed, voice sterner than it had been previously.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and moved his hands to grasp Maeve under the arms, lifting her up and following suit, he moved into a sitting position with grace but lacking his usual speed. He brought her to his chest and nestled her face into his neck, she greedily accepted the skin and suckled on it enthusiastically. “Did Daddy sleep too long? Not give you enough attention?” He kissed the top of her head and kept his lips there, lips moving against her soft scalp as he continued “my poor baby. What must you think of me?”
Sherlock picked her up and placed her with her back against his chest, leaning back slightly and cupped water in his hands. He used the other hand to shield her eyes and poured the water over her hair. She jerked slightly and looked up at Mycroft pleadingly.
“No.” Sherlock said quickly. “Mycroft.”
Sherlock stared at his father for a moment, then moved on to his mother. “I knew this would never work.” He muttered more to himself before storming out.
Maeve.
“And you’re smitten” Brian said.
“Having trouble, brother mine,” Sherlock observes, placing the bag on the table.
“Done?” He asked her, closing the file that he’d finished.
I also want to thank DaringD for her thorough comments and caring email, they give me the confidence to continue writing.
Downstairs, John had put on an elaborate show with crumbs on a plate with a half-eaten carrot and empty glass. He was in the act of putting crumbs on the floor leading to the fireplace as Sherlock came down.
“Not this time Billy, I reserved a larger table.”
“And you think this might tell us something?”
Maeve eyed it curiously before accepting it, taking it from her and putting it in her mouth. She chewed on it, eyes flicking up to Mycroft and Anthea as though to check that they were watching.
Maeve blinked but remained quiet as he placed her on the plastic changing table and went about getting ready, keeping his watchful eyes on her at all times. He shimmied out of his suit, folding it carefully and placing it into the bag, he changed in a simple pair of black trunks and then got his daughter ready. She squirmed but eventually let him get her dressed with little trouble, replacing her soft tracksuit with a black and yellow striped swimming costume that closely resembled a bee.
“A baby hardly requires more clothes.” He pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Yes.” John sighed. He pushed himself up from the sofa and went into the kitchen.
“Where did you find it?”
“So, it was a firm liking to the banana, pear, and sweet potato.
“What would you do with Maeve if you were working a case?”
Sherlock handed Maeve to John the moment he stepped out of the pool. The blonde wrapped the infant in a towel and pulled her closed, bundled in the pale yellow material. She looked up at him and smiled, as if to say ‘look what we just did’. John smiled and kissed the top of her wet head. “Yes, I saw you, did you have a good time with your daddy?”
Sherlock smirked and stepped further into the room, leaning over the arm of the chair to gaze at his daughter cradled in the grey haired man’s arms. He clarified “It wasn’t a criticism.”
Sherlock’s jaw dropped.
“Because he has done it many times before John.” Sherlock told him. “He knows how to distance himself from emotions, far better than I ever could, and he uses that to aid him.”
“You know why.” Sherlock gestured with his head to the little girl sleeping against his chest, face tucked tightly into his neck and small even breaths ghosting his throat.
Sherlock shrugged. “I have some experiments that require my attention.”
“These seats are dreadfully uncomfortable.”
“She’s been having contractions for almost eleven hours.” Anthea admitted to her boss. “She called the hospital an hour ago and is still only two centimetres dilated, she’s tired and the labour is putting a lot of stress on both her and the baby.”
“The park?”
“No but it pacifies him,” the blonde quipped.
Howard stopped unsure, he opened his mouth to respond but was interrupted by the sound of crying through the monitor. Sherlock released a breath and shut his eyes, fantasies of getting out of this without Maeve being discovered completely shattered.
“You’re daddy worries.” John told the infant.
“Do you want to go home?” John asked.
John turned towards the owner, Violet Holmes, and called back. “In here.”
“No, of course not.” John answered with a friendly smile.
“Yes.” John confirmed, throwing Sherlock his best, of course you idiot look. “Whatever decision you make, it affects the both of us.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened marginally but he didn’t respond, instead he shrugged and turned his head to face the back of the sofa; nose pressing against the top of Maeve’s hair. The soft strands tickled his nose, he ignored the sensation and closed his eyes.
Sherlock offered the first spoonful to Maeve. She frowned in confusion, eyes flicking from the spoon to his face and then back to the spoon. The mixture was warm and gloopy, an off-white shade with a rather boring smell, the same as the powdered milk he brought for her. Maeve was sat in her highchair, a white round contraption that was top of the range and looked vaguely like a seat from an sci-fi movie made in the 80s.
“Are you still sulking?” John asked, appearing with the baby bag in tow.
“Sorry,” he muttered to Mycroft apologetically.
“You have the police reports,” Mycroft raised an eyebrow in gesture to the sheets of paper inside the file.
“How long have you been awake?” John asked, voice rough with sleep. He ran a hand through his sleep mussed hair and pulled his body closer to his partners. The lean man was radiating heat. He pressed his body against the consulting detectives, accommodating to the size difference by resting his head on Sherlock’s free shoulder.
Sherlock had his eyes closed when Mycroft arrived. The elder Holmes paused in the doorway to study his younger brother. He looked strained, pale with dark circles forming under his eyes despite the peaceful look on his face. He was concentrating, focusing on something in his mind palace while Maeve slept soundly on his chest. His hand ran down her back in soft regular movements from the bottom of her skull to the swell of her nappy beneath her clothes.
The elder Holmes let everybody step into the house and nudged the door shut with his foot. It closed and he placed the car seat on the table beside a vase of flowers and unstrapped his niece. She looked up at him in curiosity and joy, she gave him a gummy smile the moment she was unstrapped and being lifted towards his body. She gurgled happily and dropped her head onto his shoulder.
“Sally is perfectly capable.” Sherlock dismissed.
“Sundays, over lunch time.” Mycroft answered for him. “And I will see her Wednesday at three. Without fail.”
“How did Sherlock react?”
“Twenty.” Sherlock corrected. John raised an eyebrow. He rolled his eyes and added. “In this economy she will be living with us until she is in her twenties with a stable job, especially with the London housing market.”
“There are distinct footprints in the flower beds, scratches on the front door beside the doorbell and fingers marks on the windows in the kitchen and basement.”
Mycroft bit back a smile. “He’s quite right, the sooner we go, the sooner we can leave.
“He’s working his way through the ranks.” Violet admitted.
“The only reason I did not inform you sooner is due to my own reservations about the situation.”
“Yeah, she just needed something to concentrate on.” Greg answered simply. “Remember, dad.”
Mycroft hummed again. “Yes.”
The house was simple, neat and homely.
With the bottle made Sherlock began the process of waking his daughter. He started by picking her up and placing her against his chest, her face on his shoulder. She exhaled loudly, breath ghosting his skin through the ‘v’ in his shirt and squirmed.
The consulting detective gave a nod of greeting and lent forward to kiss his aunt on the cheek, attempting unsuccessfully to avoid breathing in her ghastly perfume and a firm handshake to his uncle. He looked at John and introduced them, “this is my partner Doctor John Watson, John, my aunt and uncle, Edmund and Petunia.”
Mycroft stepped out first. The sign to maternity pointed left, he strode in that direction as Anthea walked beside him, texting as she went. She stopped a few moments later and gently placed her hand on his arm, he stopped and turned, facing the doors. “We’re not allowed beyond here.”
“Don’t get him started on his parents.” John sighed.
“That’s not too much to ask.” Violet added.
“Yes. He loves you.” He continued. “You’re his everything.”
Sherlock had Maeve cradled in one arm as he fed her. She drank enthusiastically from the bottle, blue eyes staring up at him and occasionally flicking to search for other familiar faces. The others were chatting about sports or school or something equally mundane.
“Oh, Sherlock, we’ve been so worried about you.” Mrs Hudson interrupted, voice high and full of concern.
The sounds of shuffling grew louder and then, crying. It was not hysterical, quiet sob like crying. The kind that was common once she calmed down somewhat. He had placed the phone beside her face.
“She’s three months old, she’s not going to repeat it.” John replied.
“Sensible choice.”
“You can stop saying
“Will you teach her French?” Siger asked from the doorway, he’d apparently been there for a while just watching.
“And my daughter” Sherlock argued, shocking the others into silence. He’d never said that out loud before, it was interesting to say the least and very, natural.
“Pregnancy?” Mycroft asked, lips tugging into an amused smile.
Sherlock ignored the way chunks of biscuit and dribble coated her fist.
“What did you find?” John asked the moment Sherlock had unhooked Maeve from his person and placed her in the Moses basket that he had placed on the coffee table. The infant was fast asleep, not waking when she was moved. Sherlock stilled for a second and continued fussing over his daughter, stripping her of the jumper she was wearing and placing a thin blanket over the top of her body.
Harry managed a smile at that, “neither have I.”
Maeve was lain on her back, eyes opening prematurely and sick trailing down her mouth. The consulting detective reached into the pram and pulled Maeve into a sitting position and grabbed the muslin from beside her before pulling her out and towards him, using the muslin to shield himself from the mess.
“Anyone would think you didn’t want to see me.” Sherlock hissed.
When Maeve woke up it was to her daddy staring at her. She yawned and a tired smile settled on her face.
“You’re voluntarily cleaning?” Greg jested, looking up with mirth in his eyes.
“Be warned, she is a beacon of attention.” Sherlock levelled him with a serious look.
“Upside down?”
The chapter names will either be the week, like how old Maeve is in weeks, or if more happens in a small space of time, then it will be the age of the day (that doesn't make any sense) of the first day of the chapter, like it would be 'ninety-two days old' even if it covered a whole weekend.
“And you just moved in?” His mother asked, curious. She took a seat opposite the consulting detective.
The young officer frowned and looked through the window at him, “what?”
“She’s not sleeping either. You see the way she’s scratching her arms.”
There was a reason why Sherlock hated the supermarket so much.
“She,” Mycroft corrected.
Maeve kicked her legs wildly in the shallow bath, flinging warm water everywhere including onto the consulting detective. He cursed the moment the bath support jerked slightly with the force of her kicks and she gurgled, mouth threatening to tug into a smile but not quite ready.
“Can I read a book?” He asked, gesturing towards the pile atop of the dresser that Mycroft had brought him during his last visit. Sherlock nodded and the elder man stepped across the room and selected a book at random, it was a scientific journal. He settled in the rocking chair and opened the book. He commented, “Hardly light reading.”
“Your mother really appreciates you coming over.” His father said in a hushed tone.
“Yes, I’m an art curator.”
“I’m just watching her for a moment.” The D.I explained.
“It was worth a try,” he sighed.
All eyes were on her and the very upset baby.
“Yeah, like he’s pressed a button in his head and can no longer hear me.” The blonde explained. “He does it to Mrs Hudson on a semi-permanent basis and Greg almost all the time.”
“A bit not good,” John said with a small smile.
“I insist.”
“It lowers the risk of an injection site reaction,” Sherlock finished for her.
“It’s probably for the best considering the outcome.” Mycroft suggested as he stepped closer to his mother, allowing her a better look at the infant against his chest. Maeve abandoned her neck and pushed her face into his suit jacket instead.
“It sounds precious.”
John returned from the kitchen a few minutes later with two cups of tea and a bottle of milk with a muslin around it. He placed all three on the coffee table.
Her face scrunched up further, her nose wrinkling and mouth pulling into a small thin line, her cupid bow pulling up, moist with salvia. She groaned in her sleep, a high tired sound.
“I didn’t tell him.”
“Self-deprecation is not an attractive trait, brother mine.” Sherlock sniffed.
Greg and Sally loitered purposefully outside the private hospital room, they both looked up as Sherlock, John and Maeve approached with tight encouraging smiles.
“Dad,” John said with a smile as he stepped into the kitchen with Maeve seated in his arms.
They sat like that for an hour and a half. His mother told him about the neighbours and old family friends. Harold chipped in with a fishing story and John woke and fed Maeve. She lolled about in his arms for a bit, tired but unwilling to go back to sleep after she’d been woken. He entertained her with her favourite bee toy and read her a book.
“Sherlock.” His mother looked up at him, tearing up. He looked startled. “She is perfect, absolutely perfect.”
He rushed back into the bedroom and picked up his phone, dialling for Mycroft Holmes.
“Sherlock, John and Maeve too.”
She ducked away again and once again his attention was on his daughter. “Maeve” He exhaled. She was on the verge of sleeping again, fighting against waking up. Her nose scrunched up again, it was becoming his favourite expression of hers. So much so, that he took out his phone and took a picture, adorable. He the phone, he paid little attention to the barista’s return, she left the bottle on the table and went away.
“Well, do you want us to take care of her?” She asked, hopeful and concerned.
Neither seemed desirable.
“You are a conductor John, you help me think and you make it harder to not feel things.”
“You didn’t come home inebriated,” he observed.
“Yes, really. Now let’s get on with this. The longer we’re here the longer Mycroft will taunt me with it.”
“Not that one, no,” he smiled back at her, “my brother is rather fond of her.”
“Anything interesting?” Siger asked, though he wasn’t fond of his son’s chosen career he was a fan of mystery novels, especially crime fiction.
They followed a crowd of people into a line that ran past his mother and father, and other members of the board that organised these events. Sherlock bit back his annoyance at the situation and allowed his eyes to wander over the ballroom, he could see his mother’s hand in the decoration. It was elegant, tasteful and completely understated, much like the woman herself. The entire room, bar the floor and painting on the stage were shrouded in cream fabric with pale shimmering grey accents and slivers of silver. The only colours were from the flowers in the centre of the tables at the side of the room and stood on pillars at the corners of the dance floor. They were white and purple with dull green leaves. His mother was currently in the centre of the room wearing a pale silver dress made from silk and lace. Her hair, which matched the dress’s colour perfectly, was pulled into an elegant twist fastened with a crescent-shaped silver clip with an amethyst pendant that dangled just below her hair. There were two strands of hair on either side of her face which were curled tightly. His father wore a suit two shades darker than her dress with a tie that matched his wives outfit perfectly. The tie clip, which was wonky, had a stone the same colour as her hair clip.
Anthea cleared her throat. “So, I’ve made some calls. The house is being, prepared somewhat for your visit, a bottle steriliser, some bottles, nappies and stuff, just to get you through the night. We can organise the rest tomorrow. I’ve called ahead to the office, a stand in will be in place, if anything critical comes up, we can sort it from home.”
Violet looks after Maeve.
Maeve whined in her sleep.
“No.” Victor admitted with a small sad smile. “I have private security system.”
Sherlock marched over to the consulting criminal. Mycroft looked taken back but followed, a few paces behind his brother. The younger Holmes stopped directly in front of the smaller man, ignoring the amused smile that settled on his face in favour of his daughter. He raised a hand and let it hover over her back.
“Where did they get this one from?”
“We’ll be home soon,” he told her gently. “Back in London, in Baker Street.”
Sherlock found Mrs Hudson sitting with his father, she looked up as he approached and smiled. Without a word, he handed her Maeve and gestured for Kelly too take a picture. When it was done she kept hold of Maeve for a while and thanked him, handing the infant back to her father. Sherlock went back to John.
They exchanged a look and both smiled.
“Probably?” Mycroft repeated.
Sherlock was watching John intently, Maeve already falling back to sleep against his shoulder. “What?” The doctor asked.
“My mother is the lesser of two evils.” John raised an eyebrow and Sherlock continued. “She’ll only smother her to death.”
“You have to eat Mycroft, if not for yourself then for her, she needs you now.”
“She -” the young officer fumbled with his words, he was visibly shaking now. “She was sleeping in the car.”
“I’m confused.”
“She’s seems content now,” Mycroft observed, raising and eyebrow and leaning to peer at his niece.
“Aww, so you are listening to me.” He said, raising his eyebrow and leaning forward slightly to get a better look at your face. “I’m sure he’s gone to get you something to make you feel better.”
“Then why do you stay in bed?”
“She’s the mother of your child.”
“The nurses wouldn’t take you back, even if you begged” Siger mocked as he came back into the room with a pile of books from the library. He set them down on the table and took a seat in the sofa opposite to his son and picked up one of the discarded book his son had thrown carelessly onto the table.
“He mentioned that you were out
“And what are you going to do for the rest of the day?”
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed in confusion. “I am quite aware, she was checked out at the hospital after Sherlock found her.”
“Why do you have my phone?”
Violet nodded. Sherlock mirrored with a single nod, bent down to look at his sleeping daughter and press a single kiss to her forehead, he lingered for a brief moment inhaling her scent before turning and walking down the steps. Violet looked down at the sleeping baby and released a happy breath, she manoeuvred the pram inside and wheeled it towards the drawing room where the table was already set for afternoon tea.
“Maeve?” Sherlock asked as though there was some confusion.
“It’s fine Dad.” The blonde said quickly.
Sherlock ignored them in favour of repositioning Maeve, he hooked his hands underneath her arms and pulled her gently further up his chest, stopping when her face was tucked underneath his chin. He craned his neck back to rest his lips upon her forehead, kissing the warm skin and leaving them there.
“Nothing of any use,” Sherlock articulated carefully.
“I’m not going to tell him.”
then!” she hissed, leaning forward. “It’s a baby, not an
“Hmm” Sherlock agreed nonchalantly, cradling his daughter to his chest as she started to snooze against him. They walked fast but cautiously, avoiding large groups of people and weaving carefully to avoid bumping into anyone.
Sherlock groaned loudly and flopped into one of the armchairs, “John dressed her.”
Sherlock scooped Maeve up off the floor when her twenty minutes had finished and placed her on his hip, she immediately grasped his dressing gown to steady herself as she supported her own neck.
He opened the door and was faced with his brother and partner. They were both sat on the floor with pillows propped behind their backs, opposite one another with Maeve between them on her tummy time mat. She was busy with a small dolphin toy.
“There’s no rush Mrs Hudson.”
“Do you want her back?” Siger asked.
“A man isn’t going to fix that,” Sherlock told him as he picked up and finished the rest of his tea.
He tapped out a reply.
“And?”
There were voices in the kitchen.
“Fun sucker,” Sherlock repeated, both annoyed and offended at the accusation.
“You’ve already decided?” Mycroft asked, surprised.
Mycroft gestured to the settee. Anthea took a seat and crossed one of her legs over the other.
“Well then introductions” Sherlock cleared his throat awkwardly, “Detective Inspector Dimmock, this is my daughter Maeve Holmes.”
Maeve opened her mouth.
Sherlock nodded curtly in understanding.
“It’s fairly regular, especially in babies.” The blonde told him. Sherlock knew this of course but he needed to hear it, they both knew that.
Sherlock took his hand away from his daughter’s head and reached into his jacket, producing the memory stick. He held it up and Jim plucked it from between his fingers with a grin. He kissed it. The consulting detective’s hand returned immediately to his daughter’s head and he craned his neck, placing a kiss on her soft scalp. She looked up at him and growled.
“Fine.” John answered, removing her from his shoulder after a particularly nasty burp.
Maeve sneezed.
John frowned. “Perhaps don’t call me that.”
“I do not work for Scotland Yard.” It came out as a growl.
“Because you knew he could help.”
“I hadn’t realised,” Sherlock drawled sarcastically, releasing a heavy sigh.
Maeve had finally stopped crying. She was asleep and sniffling softly in-between snores.
“No.” Sherlock looked at the ground. “My father did, every year.”
“Yes, you want to change her?”
“So, he’s not going to stop.” Sally confirmed. “Unless he’s caught that is.”
They stopped for lunch in a small café.
“Good, keep the door open and do not touch her unless she starts crying, if she does have an officer collect me and I will come straight out, do not leave her alone for a second.”
Sherlock smirked at that.
The consulting detective climbed the stairs slowly and when he reached the top, stepped directly into the kitchen. There were plates and cutlery on the table along with sauces and glasses. He placed the bag on the table. John and Mycroft both stepped around the corner. He gestured towards his daughter. “I’m just going to.”
“Right, then that’s what we’ll do.”
There was a pause, then a voice. “
Maeve growled against the sensitive skin of his neck and Sherlock paused; he glanced down at Maeve and chuckled in amusement, his chest rumbling with the sound. She did it again and Sherlock snuck a look at his father, Siger looked at the scene with pure joy and complete amazement.
Mycroft frowned.
Sherlock walked around the side of the bed, discarding the pillow that she was laying on previously and sitting up on the bed beside John, legs crossed as he took Maeve from John. She grumbled during the transfer and continued to cry as Sherlock began rocking her slightly, cradling her to his body. “Shhh, it was only a cat. No need to get upset.”
“I already know that.” Sherlock barked, making sure to keep his voice low.
“Did you confront her? Tell her you weren’t interested?”
Sherlock closed the door behind him. Maeve was no longer crying but sniffling loudly in her carseat. Mrs Hudson bustled out of her flat with a sad expression, “Oh dear, is everything ok?”
“The usual amount that you ask for is five hundred thousand.” He ran a hand through his curls. “But the stakes are higher, you’ll require more from me.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked down to his daughter. “Victor, I believe there may be some misunderstanding –”
“Yes, Sherlock knows the owner.” John explained with a smile.
The signature black car pulled up to the curb in front of him. The door swung open and Mycroft looked out at him with a neutral expression. His eyebrow arched delicately.
“This is our consultant Sherlock Holmes.” She told the woman.
Jim glanced from Mycroft to Sherlock and giggled. “You leave me alone.”
“Essentially.”
“Yes, please.”
His mother placed the gift on the floor in front of him. It was large and clearly a device to help Maeve walk.
“You were both christened,” Siger said simply, giving both of his sons a knowing look.
“When we took her to the hospital to get checked over. They let me feed her and hold her. I got…protective for lack of better words when I saw Mycroft. I thought he was going to…”
John sighed and hid his face in his hands. “Leave it Harry.”
“I will do whatever it takes,” he articulated.
“You want me to take my daughter on a train?” Sherlock looked up at him.
“Yes, your Papa is a very confusing man.”
Mrs Hudson frowned at him, much like a disapproving parent and scolded him, “she’s concerned.”
“Any information is important.” Sherlock answered honestly as he stood up, buttoning his coat. “I understand that this is a difficult time for you, I would appreciate anything you can tell me. You have my number.”
“Quite,” Sherlock articulated, “very worrying indeed.”
“The odds will be in my favour.” He agreed with a small lopsided smile.
“Shhh…” he whispered, tone soft, “Daddy’s here.”
“I’ll be leaving then” Greg announced, pushing himself to his feet.
“And you just happened to bring a friend.”
“She is not keen on travelling and prefers to not be alone.” Sherlock added.
“So, you helped her on a case?”
“Why are you doing it, then?”
“Comes in quite handy in detective work I’m sure.” Harold smiled.
“The apple and cinnamon were a definite no,” Mycroft announced as he wiped the front of his niece's mouth for any trace of the puree.
“And the call, he called you directly, the man responsible?”
Sherlock managed a slight mile and sat down on one of the two dark blue sofas.
“He saw things before you did,” John frowned at the memory. “The deviation from pattern and change in routine.”
Maeve took this as confirmation that her actions were desirable and continue banging the table with the keys, louder and more frequently than before. All the while, looking entirely too pleased with herself.
“Yes, of course, why now?”
Bags under their eyes. Tired. Long shift. Long and difficult labour. Flushed. Scrubs clean. Perspiration stains under the armpits. Sweat along the forehead and top of the lip.
Mycroft was taken back. “Excuse me?”
“Just remember,” Sherlock whispered to Maeve as they approached the ballroom. “Your grandmother loves you, she just gets fussy at this kind of events.”
“Yes, she’s new,” John nodded and peered into the pram at the almost sleeping Maeve. He smiled at her, crouching, and ran his hand over her head. “She never gave me a chance to tell her, too busy prattling on about herself.”
Sherlock shook his head and took his place at the side of the table, out of the nurse’s way but close to Maeve. He took both of her arms gently into his hands and crossed them loosely over her chest. She squirmed. “RAMC,” he explained, “he works in this clinic.”
“You were the one that brought to my attention the state that my brother was in.” Mycroft frowned.
Greg’s eyes widened in shock and Mycroft choked on his drink, coughing as he placed the glass back on the table a little too heavily and fought to control his outburst. “What?” He wheezed when it had died down somewhat and Greg ran a hand over his back.
“One.” He nodded at Maeve.
Maeve whined but the sobbing stopped.
“You are the most important thing to
She hiccupped again.
She nodded and ducked back into the party.
John lifted Maeve out of the pram and placed her against his chest, she was limp in sleep and snoring softly, undisturbed by the change in position. Silvia picked up the hat and placed it back on her head.
“It comes with its own challenges.” Harold admitted, “But it’s worth every moment.”
“Well,” John cleared his throat.
“Go and get her,” John instructed.
Jim held up the memory stick to the sniper. He hesitated but took it, tucking it into his jeans pocket.
“It should be interesting enough,” Greg assured him. “So, how are things with her? Well, except for the explosion of poo.”
“Who wants to go next?” Kelly asked when they were done.
“She’ll be fine,” Mycroft assured him.
Sherlock nodded and ducked towards the car door, it was open but not as wide as it had been previously. His eyes ran over the car and settled on the carseat, his heart caught in his throat and it felt like the earth stopped spinning for a moment, long enough for the ground beneath his feet to crumble. He almost stumbled but caught himself with a hand on the car door, John noticed, so did Greg and Sally. They both looked up at him and the doctor frowned and asked, “everything alright?”
“John, I don’t know how you can ever forgive me, but you must know how utterly sorry I am. I did not mean a word I said to you. You are anything but useless, you are brave, smart, and kind. You risked your own life to fight a hungry werewolf. I don’t know anyone else who would do that.
Where are they?
Sherlock says. “She is a phenomenal woman.
“Mycroft. I. Too slow.
The two rapidly became friends and solved their first case on that very evening. Sherlock liked to assist Scotland Yard with their most difficult crimes and even worked as a so called Consulting Detective
„His father was a soldier, and he died in the war. His older sister disappeared into the night, and his mother drowned herself in her grief.“
“You did not appear for lunch or dinner. I was getting worried.
The seller
John will see them. The Quidditch captain is probably walking right now into the Great Hall, expecting Sherlock and a Christmas Tree. Instead, Mary will be waiting for him, together with her goons, eagerly observing his reaction.
“Maybe, but we shall not be bored until his arrival. There are other ways to show you your place.
“Mrs. Hudson wants us to decorate the store for our trivia quiz tonight.
Sherlock interrupts him and nervously bites his lips. “Tomorrow is our wedding night, and I know what is expected of me, and I promise I am, but what if I am… disappointing for you.
“I won’t leave.
John already started with the first and biggest snow globe. Sherlock jumps to assist him, and together they roll the globe around the snow, making it bigger and bigger.
"It was my fault."
Sherlock is not impressed by her threats. John already knows about his fallout with the
Then why does he feel so awful?
Not even one word came over his dry lips. Sherlock was shaken to the core. He tried to move his legs but pain and more discomfort immediately wandered over his whole body. More tears shot into his eyes and he couldn’t prevent them from falling down. The man helped him seat and rubbed his back in (soothing) circles, which made Sherlock shake even more.
Sherlock thinks this is all a pleasant dream while he falls into oblivion. Only two days later, when they are both back cuddling in their bed will John tell him what happened.
had visited John at his insulae and told him about the fourth poisoned victim they had found near the Colosseum that night. When he left, Sherlock suddenly developed an interest in that case, he even showed a morbid fascination and asked John if they could go the crime scene. Everything was better than the crying slave he had seen the night before, and with that reasoning the two men found themselves on a spectacular chase through Rome, a very fancy dinner and a missing Sherlock. John had been actually sick with worry, and he told himself it was because of the lost fortune he spent on him, but to be honest, he had learned to care fast about his slave. John managed to find him and the murderer through a series of cleverly dropped clues by Sherlock. The future victim and the predator were engaged in a play of
“It’s weird that I don’t remember you from our shared school years at Hogwarts.
“No, but really Sherlock. Please tell me that Anderson secretly knew, because if he was really the only one of us to figure it all out, I’m going to eat my police badge.”
tutted. “I hope he doesn’t give you any pain, dear. If you need any assistance, just call for me.
gets her bag and her jacket and has one last look at Sherlock Holmes. As a final cruelty, she stuffs the flannel back into his mouth. Let’s hope that John and the brother will arrive in time, she thinks, before leaving the flat. A cab is waiting in front of the house to take her to the airport. Mary smiles. She has fulfilled her goal, it is time to wreak havoc somewhere else.
Sherlock shrugs and John snorts into his glass. “Oh god, yes. I’m surprised you lasted a day. You’re awful at following orders, I bet. Way too stubborn.
This is real.
"Go to sleep." John tells him with his soft voice, and Sherlock does exactly that.
John lets out a heavy, painful sign. He remembers the agonizing night at the hospital, when the doctors operated on Sherlock, while John had to slurp terrible coffee and wait.
The older Holmes brother reacted surprised when John called him (finally, John managed to surprise a Holmes), then reacted even more surprised when he heard that Sherlock had been hidden in London for weeks (John was really on a winning streak), and then acted outright shocked when John told him about Mary (three in a row). Mycroft promised him to handle Mary and to also send medication and more bandages to Lestrade’s flat. They both agreed that it would be safest to stay at the D.I’s flat until Mary had been arrested.
“And this must be your little girl.” Silvia grinned.
“Mycroft understood that I needed to do two things; think and get her clean.”
“You’re a full-time parent and work too, you must do something to relax.”
Violet stared at her for a moment, feigning a friendly expression as she nodded. “He’s doing well.”
Victor continued, “She’s an art student, third year at UAL. I gave a talk about careers in art, something I was roped into, she was very interested, came up to me after the talk with lots of questions. I had time, so we went for a coffee. She mentioned that she wanted real experience in the industry, I gave her some names, and some tips for when she finished her degree.” He sighed. “I also mentioned a new project I was working on, nothing too exciting, just life drawing, a study of the human form. She was keen to volunteer. I gave her my number, and she sat for me the following week. We did a few sittings, nothing serious but I think I gave her the wrong impression.”
“Not her,” he continued, “this conversation.”
Siger recreated the movements that Sherlock had been doing, rocking the infant slowly from side to side and placed his lips on her scalp. The thin strands tickled his chin and lips but he didn’t move them. Instead he just breathed her in and talked to her, tone a gentle whisper. “You are such a good girl for your daddy, always such a good girl.”
Mycroft looked insulted. “Obvious head injuries.”
The whole situation was ridiculous.
“Fine,” John nodded. “Just a lot to take in, new places and people.”
“And you got him off a murder charge?” Silvia asked.
so I conspired to send him home. Alas, my lies had trapped me in their net, and he would not go. As long as Moriarty threatened me (or so he believed), he would not leave my side. The more I spoke of the dangers to him, of the utter necessity that he return to England and his wife, the more obstinate he became. When he is roused, there is no man on Earth as stubborn as John Watson. I do not deserve such a friend as he. I did not deserve him before, and I surely do not deserve him now.
"It isn't people," she said, coming after me. "I've heard no footsteps. But there's something moving in there, and has been all day."
He shook his head, the movement sharp and clipped. "No. I don't wish to adulterate the effects of the fruit."
It was as well I gave the fruit to
"The Tree did not specify, but as my father was last seen in Dublin, it seems the likeliest place to start."
I cannot express my outrage and grief. I had once held such respect and esteem for
canal she intends on penetrating with that goliath," Holmes interrupted me, and I looked again and saw it was so.
However nonsensical his scribblings were to me, however, Holmes seemed excited about the results. The next day, in his usual hand, after he had recovered from the trance:
But now I know why he brought the tree to me: with his reputation in shreds, his integrity under a cloud, the tree is useless to him. Tell what falsehoods he will in an effort to feed it, he will not be believed. So he has come to me that I might continue his researches. But despite the regular experimentation to which I have subjected it, its metaphysical properties are as much a mystery as ever. It is no clearer to me than to him whence the Tree's powers derive.
"And who will we visit this afternoon?" I asked, my curiosity piqued.
I woke to an empty bed and the smell of coffee; Holmes, fully dressed, stood at the window, looking out into broad daylight. For a moment I thought I dreamed, and then reality came rushing in: Holmes had never died at Reichenbach Falls, but had only allowed me to believe so. Holmes, alive. I could stand up and touch him, if I wished.
I let out an oath and stepped forward to beat out the flames. Unfortunately, my movement only spread the reaction, as more foliage fell into the lamp's circle. I hurriedly extinguished the lamp, and in the sudden darkness could see only the burning leaves and branches, their margins outlined in red coal. I tore the branches free from the tree, beating the flaming leaves to the ground, and viciously stamped at them. Soon the last threadlike traceries of red were extinguished, leaving the acrid bite of smoke in the air, fighting for supremacy with the thick medicinal scent.
"Unfortunately, Moriarty also wanted a more potent fruit, and having destroyed his own reputation, needed me to cultivate it for him. I had first met him at university, where he had been one of my tutors. Most of my professors knew of nothing outside their own narrow disciplines, but Moriarty had a keenly attentive mind that I recognised as being much like my own. When I was frustrated and despondent while re-investigating my father's death, he became a friend, a source of comfort and good advice. The change in him since then was remarkable. The man who set his thug upon Mrs Hudson, and whom I met in Switzerland… He was so unlike the Moriarty I had known that I barely recognised him at all.
sake that I finally contacted Moriarty. If I had not,
"I shall give you another chance to prove your devotion to me, child," Mrs Klein said, and drew a wickedly narrow rattan cane from a nearby umbrella stand. "You must be very still for me. I shall be very angry if your fidgeting mars my favourite girl's skin with imperfect work."
Holmes withdrew a knife from his pocket.
We went upstairs, and I loaned him a nightshirt. He changed and sat on the edge of the bed I had shared with Mary, waiting while I changed, too.
"But does the name Isadora Klein convey nothing to you? She was, of course, the celebrated beauty. There was never a woman to touch her. She is pure Spanish, the real blood of the masterful Conquistadors. You remember the esoteric rites of the Diogenes Club?"
But it will not do to become too excited. I must be moderate, moderate, and test the truth of this revelation. This, too, may be a wild goose chase, just like every other lead I thought I had. And yet it is difficult to be moderate — I can feel in my bones that this is the lead that I have so long sought!
"But what about the Tree?" I said. "And your father?"
I saw that he was now wearing a mourning band. I duly offered my sympathies for his loss.
Reassured by the strong and steady beat of his heart under my fingertips, I took up my cup of tea. He returned to his reading. When I finished my tea, I drank his, too.
"Until the Tree, yes. One of the early visions helped me trace my father to Dublin. But once there, he disappeared again. It has been over thirty years, and no one now remembers one shy and awkward middle-aged Englishman, unremarkable to everyone but his children. Still, it was the first lead I had ever had in his case. Perhaps if the Tree knew this one thing about my father, it might know another. Alas, what the Tree told me was often too vague to use, and seldom provable. Perhaps a larger falsehood, one of more consequence, told to more people…
"I do no such thing, madam. I only wish to forestall a great injustice."
"Dr Watson?" Mrs Hudson called out anxiously.
"His Grace is purely decorative this afternoon," Mrs Klein explained.
My sacrifice has borne fruit, if I may be permitted the jest: the Tree has deemed my offering worthy (but how? the question continues to perplex!) for it has both grown prodigiously and produced a new fruit, fully double the size of any previous. The Tree now threatens to burst from my wardrobe; I shall have to make over this room into a darkroom, so that it may have space to grow unthreatened by the light. This newest fruit is the size and shape of a kumquat, oblong, 2.3 cm in length, 1.2 cm in width, and 6.5 cm in girth around its longest axis. It must be juicier than its predecessors as well, for it is 2.4 g in weight, although that might be accounted for by its larger shape, having a proportionally greater interior volume than rind. Ingestion at ten-thirty p.m.
"No, it was specifically Marryat I wanted, thank you," I replied, and hefting it admiringly, I paid for my purchases.
Holmes seemed unmoved, but the revelation — provided he believed it — must have been a terrible blow. "I'm sorry, Holmes."
"And your father lives here?" I asked, although I had little hope of that.
And I had surprised him before he could get away again. Was it so probable, that he now intended to stay? Or would he fly again, as soon as I lay down to sleep? Unbidden, I thought of the notebook then, and all the times in the past he had told me a deliberate falsehood. I had never once suspected any of them.
"What is that, my dear?" Mrs Klein asked.
will more readily forgive me than another might. When I have disproved Moriarty's tales about the tree, I will confess all to
"Is darkness really so necessary?" I asked.
"Judging from the spacing she just established and the available canvas to work on, our hostess is aiming for eight strokes," he explained. His hand sped on my penis, as if he salivated for the prospect.
With that, he turned and knocked on the door.
Her wish was granted, although perhaps not as she preferred. Mrs Klein took up the wicked tiger-jaws in one hand; with the other she fondled Susan's breast, the delicate flesh soft and defenseless where it hung down beside the beam of the saw horse. She gathered its fullness in her hand, stroked its vulnerable nipple into a hard nub . . . then closed the cruel spring of the tiger jaws around it.
Holmes, however, did not seem to regret his decision:
Holmes left me, re-entering his rooms, and I followed him in again. He removed his jacket and caught up the axe from where I had dropped it that morning. He lit the dark lantern, then took the key from his watch chain and unlocked his bedroom door.
The lantern's eerie red light did little to relieve the darkness of the room, as it was almost immediately sucked up by the inky drapes at door and windows. The tree, too, seemed to eat the light, its foliage nearly as black as the drapes. I reached for a trailing branch and examined it as best as I could in the dim light. The foliage was spiky and two-lobed with an oily texture; when I brought my fingers to my nose, the sharp scent of the tree struck me forcibly. The branches themselves were covered in long, needle-like thorns, much like a barberry; they caught at my clothing and hair as I moved. Despite the darkness of the room, the leaves were plentiful, flexible and apparently healthy. How a tree should thrive so, shut up in a dark room and suffering years of neglect, I could not imagine.
With my permission, Holmes sat himself at my desk. He turned my chair so that he was working in his own shadow and tenderly unwrapped the fruit. When revealed, it was the size of a lime — hardly anything at all. It was difficult to believe it was worth Moriarty's life and reputation, or Holmes' own sacrifices.
"I'd rather you didn't practise upon me at all, Holmes. I should think that anyone you call your friend and partner should have earned your trust. Or was our alleged partnership, too, a lie?"
There was no answer, and I reached for the gas. The sitting room stood empty and silent, much as it had been while Holmes lived. If an intruder had disturbed it, I could not see evidence of it, but it had, after all, been years since I last entered these rooms.
His expression hardened. "I must. I've sacrificed too much. Don't stand in my way, Watson."
I winced audibly as Susan's body curled up away from the saw horse in agony, the chain on her nipples pulling taut.
"The Tree spoke of my grandfather, not my father." He turned the stack of pages over again, and fanning them out, plucked out the picture of the farmyard. "Except this one." He touched the stone well in the foreground, with its winch and bucket. "My father's resting place. How am I meant to find one farmyard in all of Ireland?"
thereby spreading the falsehood to thousands. Yet for all his conviction of the lie's potency, and thus the potency of the resulting fruit, his vision from that fruit was no more sensible than any other. And still he chased the visions, repeatedly perjuring himself in quest of another purported truth.
"My grandfather was still the squire when I was a boy. He was not much liked in the village, nor was he affectionate with us boys, but that was of little concern to us, for my father, an otherwise shy and awkward man, showered us with affection as freely as the sun — or rather more freely, given the dampness of our little island. I had a carefree boyhood, much consumed with the collection of frogs and birds' eggs, and while Mycroft sometimes felt the want of a mother's love, I had been so young when she died that I had never known her to miss her.
Holmes leapt to my defense. "Watson is innocent. He knew nothing, just as you did not."
"Have you been selling many of those?" I asked.
"I'll make some tea," I said, and putting aside my journal, I quietly left the room.
What ever possessed me to attempt the thing? I must appeal to the man himself.
"Mr Holmes, sir," she replied, as if he was well-known to the household.
“This is tedious,” Sherlock declared, jumping down to sit in the chair properly and pinching the bridge of his nose.
Sherlock swivelled around on his chair to face the auburn haired man and placed his hands onto his knees, he raised an eyebrow, “Therefore she cannot comprehend the milestones that you have read about.”
A gentle knock at the door caught his attention, he turned towards it but didn’t pause in his ministrations, too focused on calming Maeve down. The door opened and in place of a nurse, John popped his head in, eyes full of concern.
John sighed and flopped back onto the bed, rubbing at his eyes. “You know what I mean.”
“The princess she is.” Mycroft finished for him with a thin smile.
“I will be taking care of her.” He confirmed.
Maeve’s face scrunched up and she was sick.
“Now?” John asked.
Mycroft hummed in acknowledgement. “It would have been safer for her.”
“You’re being followed.”
They were stood at the entrance to Santa’s grotto.
Vulnerability, perhaps.
The blonde looked taken back. “He came here voluntarily?”
"Anyone would think you're in a hurry" Sherlock glared at him. John continued, thoughtfully "anyone would think that you had something better to do?"
“I just like that name.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Aw, that was nice” Mrs Hudson broke the silence, she looked at Sherlock disapprovingly “You’re too thin, I’ll get you a slice of cake, it’s your favourite.”
“A café she frequents.” Sherlock sounded particularly disgusted.
“You’re wearing new lipstick.” He observed.
The auburn haired man took a steadying breath and tapped softly on the wooden door.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, she is small for her age but growing at a healthy rate.” John said, switching into doctor mode. “Sherlock was a small baby, his mother told me.”
“Can I?” Greg asked gesturing towards the baby in the buggy with caution.
“It could be interesting. Says here,” John added, reading from the screen. “That she disappeared on her way home from college two weeks ago.”
He’d have to look into that later.
“Completely” Sherlock agreed as he re-entered the room. They had already eaten, he and John were now finished tidying up the kitchen. His shirt sleeves were rolled up to his elbows.
“This isn’t a game Sherlock.” John frowned as he sat on the bed, on Maeve’s other side.
“It wasn’t a question of want. It was about her safety.”
“Are you sulking?” John asked amused as he came back into the room.
.” He exhaled.
“Do you expect me to
“Well?” He urged.
“I know you’re not an idiot.” He mumbled.
“Fine,” Mycroft said after a second. “But it would be irresponsible of me to leave Maeve with you.”
Manicure. Neat and tidy. Hair styled precisely, clothes impeccable, no creases, no stains or smudges. The flat was in pristine condition, clean and neat, everything in a specific place. OCD. Marks from underneath the sofa, moves fractionally but not noticeable to the untrained eye. Made tea, ready to host. No signs of crying. Liar.
Sherlock smirked and said in disbelief, “That’s what it takes to make you happy.”
John snorted.
“Yes, we haven’t forgotten about you.” Greg laughed. “Come on, let’s have some dessert.”
“Yes.” Mycroft seemed to snap out of it. He pointed to the box. “Can I?”
John sat back down on the bed, leaning against the headboard with Maeve. The cat immediately climbed off of Sherlock and settled on the smaller man’s legs. She sniffed thoughtfully at him and used her front paws to climb up his torso and crane her neck to get a better view at Maeve. The baby in question sighed contently against her papa’s shoulder, blue eyes open and looking at the car that was staring at her.
The three men were chatting with the newly arrived Mrs Hudson when he strolled back in and plopped into his chair, leaving the screen on the table beside him.
Mycroft smirked as he placed his niece on the bed.
“Later.”
The woman tapped her husband’s arm, he jerked slightly, frowned and looked back.
“We all do,” he added thoughtfully.
Obviously, Sherlock thought to himself.
Mycroft was with Maeve, they’d gone for a walk. It was quite a sight, his older brother with a dark purple pram. John was reading a medical journal in the lounge and Sherlock was tidying, tidying. He didn’t tidy.
“Ours is the next stop.”
“I’ve taken the liberty of having the room opposite yours transformed into a nursery” Anthea informed him, tone a hushed as not to disturbed Maeve. “The staff are preparing for your arrival.”
Siger held his hands up. “Hear me out.”
“Myc.” Greg greeted, tired and grumpy.
“Mycroft and John are both working.” Violet answered, not letting that spoil her mood.
“Sherlock...” John trailed off.
There was a pattern emerging.
“You need the sugar, for the shock.”
“Yes, it’s a fan.” He told her. Maeve looked at it thoughtfully.
The doctor’s surgery was, as predicted, full to the brim of people with kids with snotty noses and bloody knees. Sherlock sniffed. He was lent against the wall, one hand on the handle of the pram and the other on his phone, surfing through his emails. Maeve was almost asleep, her eyes drooping and lips parted, a thin line of drool running down her chin. His eyes flicked to her and then back to his phone.
Every so often he blinked and the same pained look returned.
The officer nodded, “Well, I best head back to the station.”
“Goodnight brother mine.”
John didn't comment on it even if he wanted to instead he said, "never?"
“I’m just playing the part of Scrooge for you, mother dear.” He said with a pleased smile.
“Sounds perfect.” The auburn haired man concluded. Greg nodded.
“I’m making a promise” Mycroft informed him, eyes stern and voice matching his brothers at this moment.
“I feared she was about to proposition you,” he looked disgusted.
Her face scrunched up against his skin in displeasure and she grunted as she woke.
John winced, hearing his own words from his sister’s mouth. “He was made for this.”
"Proud?" Sherlock repeated questioningly, he raised one dark eyebrow as his eyes flicked curiously over John, "I wasn't aware that one was susceptible to feelings of pride in relation to their partners."
Sherlock nodded, “my parents would not indulge my drug habit. If I wanted to get high, I had to fund it myself.”
“Trilling that you’re arguing over whom will clean the faeces from my daughter’s derriere,” Sherlock commented, nose wrinkling at the smell. “But the smell is beginning to permeate.”
“They were never that close.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispered.
“It would be out of character.”
John cleared his throat, “you could ask Greg or Donovan.”
“What do you think of it?” He seemed nervous.
“You’re there and you want me to eat and sleep properly.”
John shook his head, amused. “Do you want me to put her in her basket?”
John snorted in disbelief, “You are a danger magnet.”
“I hate you.” He told his father.
“Right.” Violet frowned. “How do I do that?”
“But,” Sherlock said for him.
Maeve was babbling to herself from the floor. Today she wore a black baby grow that covered both her arms and legs, on the material was a white skeleton print. The material was now covered in cat that due to the cat that was walking around the infant, rubbing her body against her at all available turns as she purred to herself. The cat stopped, licked her paw three times and then collapsed onto her side, her back touching Maeve’s right leg and closed her eyes in an attempt to sleep.
Sherlock shook his head. “You were hurt and needed me to understand why.”
Sherlock reached out, accepting her small body and brought her close to him. He held her in his large palm, her side pressing against his torso and looked down at her, affectionately.
Sherlock pursed his lips in consideration. “Fine, but you can feed her in the morning.”
GUYS, I don't want to scare you but there's only 36 chapter left until this fic is over and done with, I'm actually getting a little bit emotional about all of this. It's so close to the end, yet so far.
Sherlock glanced back at the baby in his arms, his chest constricting again like it did when he thought about her being abandoned. She was tiny, only two days old and had been left on his doorstep. The thought of her suffering through a difficult birth didn’t help. She was settled now, in his arms.
“She didn’t cry once last night.” Greg announced with a yawn. Andrews refilled his coffee and he thanked him. “Well, I didn’t hear her.”
“It may not come as a surprise to you but there are people out there that would use whatever means necessary to get to me including a newborn daughter. Claire and I discussed it at length, it was safer for all involved if I took a less active role as a” Mycroft waved his hand dismissively as he explained. Ever the politician. “Distant uncle. That way I could still know the child without endangering her life.”
“Non-harmful.”
“I was rather hoping for your help.” He admitted.
There was a bump in the kitchen.
Sherlock snapped off his gloves, something he only wore for the sake of Maeve and strode towards the pathologist and his daughter, he spoke with a serious tone, "you're broody."
“Which way did he go?”
“You shouldn’t argue with your doctor.” The blonde raised an eyebrow.
Sherlock hummed. “Yes, I think so.”
Greg took a steadying breath and spoke carefully, “I want her back to but at what cost?”
Sherlock stopped and observed the young mother, “No fathers at this class?”
“And a child.” He added.
Mycroft straightened up and glanced over his shoulder at his brother. The consulting detective was sat across the armchair, his legs thrown over the side as he read through a parenting book. It was something their mother had picked up earlier that day and though written by an idiot, there were was merit to the information is provided.
“I’d noticed,” Mycroft quipped.
“And you.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
Greg was lain on a blanket spread across the grass. His shirt was scrunched up beneath his head and his chest was already looking red beneath the salt and pepper strands of hair that covered the top of his chest. He sighed and lolled his head to the side to look at John, who was lain on his side dressed in a pair of swimming trunks and a white vest, head propped up in his hand. Maeve was using him for support, back against the blonde’s tummy. She wore only a nappy with a pair of swimming light blue swimming pants with small pink flowers on. Her pale skin was covered with the sheen of sun cream and her hair, starting to curl was pushed over her forehead that was almost invisible beneath the white floral sunhat tied onto her head. In her lap was the soft bee toy Mycroft had brought for her soon after her arrival to Baker Street.
The ringtone was loud in the quiet flat and Maeve jerked in surprise, almost asleep. She immediately began crying. John cursed and shifted her around so that she was facing him, her head on his shoulder, pressed against his neck and body against his chest. “Shhh, it’s alright darling.” He attempted to hush her.
“Good.”
“I will be gone a couple of days at most.” The cigarette was burning between his fingers.
He shifted Maeve to rest against his chest, her head on his shoulder and mouth parted as her breathing evened out, sleep taking over her small tired form. John had the bag hooked over his shoulder. He smiled and they walked back to the cottage together, their sides pressed together.
“Would you like to go to papa?” Sherlock asked her.
“It’s…bright.” Sherlock managed.
"With some conditions bruising is a tell-tale symptom" he informed him, looking up at the taller man for a brief second before continuing to look over Maeve, "I wasn't checking for signs of abuse."
“Yes.” Sherlock answered simply. “Goodnight John.”
Mycroft bounced his niece on his knee and glanced over her head, raising one eyebrow.
Silvia looked to be on the verge of tears. “Are you ok?”
Sherlock ran his hand over his daughter’s back in a slow and deliberate figure of eight pattern. He was tired and struggling, still unable to comfort his daughter. He turned his face to the side and looked at John. The blonde was reading, or trying to, a crime novel. “Can you get me her spare set of clothes?”
"Do you think she'll have your eyes?" John asked conversationally. Sherlock had beautiful eyes, a deep and unnerving blue with green pools like a lagoon, shimmering different shades in the light and a ring of gold around the pupil, a singular dot of brown in the right eye.
Maeve attempted to stuff her fist into her mouth, dribble running down her chin as she gurgled around her hand.
He edged closer to her and lent down so that his face was hovering over her.
Sherlock sniffed. “It’s not all old money, it was earnt and passed through generation. My grandfather was a businessman and my father, a government worker, much like Mycroft, they earnt their fortunes. My mother…well, she is from old money but her family also earnt their wealth.”
“Yes, Sally will take you upstairs and I’ll wait out here with Maeve.” Greg told him.
“Mycroft said she had a good time with your parents.” John informed him as he pulled on his pyjama bottoms.
“That’s good, sleepless nights?”
“She’s supporting her own head.” Mycroft observed.
.” The Irish lilt greeted. “
Sally Donovan had done a lot of things in her life but this was by far the most difficult. The baby, Maeve, little Maeve Holmes had started fussing the moment that she left Greg’s arms. She doubted it was anything personal, the infant knew Greg better and preferred the company of people she knew.
Sherlock will curse himself for years after this hideous event that he was still surprised that Mary
The paramedic says and finally shuts the door. John settles down and cups Sherlock’s hand again.
signed it too. At a young age,
“John, I’m so glad you are finally here.” She said.
"Christ, you’re cold.“ John tried to make him laugh, but Sherlock didn’t respond.
Sherlock, used to
Actually, that is not the whole truth. While his dealer — Billy Wiggins — was choking to death, someone had snug up on Sherlock. Not someone, more like something. A werewolf. It had bitten Sherlock in his arm, while the young man was helplessly drugged. He had made himself vulnerable to be attacked. When Sherlock found the bleeding bite mark on his arm, he knew staying on the streets with an addiction was too dangerous for any innocent people around him. So, he called Mycroft in his never-ending shame, and they made an agreement. Sherlock stays sober, and Mycroft will help him start a new life. Their deal works.
The leader of the gladiator school, the
of Spain!
All the hospital beds are empty, and John steers the two boys to one of them.
in his detached and cold voice, “What do you want with me?
Then, what if John tells someone from the
He stutters, waving his arms through the air as if fighting an owl. One of the
’s candle. He liked the darkness, it was cheaper. The young Marley resolutely checked every surface, under the bed, in the closet, on the table. There was nobody in the house except him.
John had just spend all his savings from two years of fighting in the arena for a slave, who, while admittedly beautiful, may cut his throat tonight or run away.
“That’s wonderful. I will split the marmalade glasses between you three then.
Don’t play stupid with me. I know people, and I can find out things about you that you would better want to keep a secret.
John manages to scramble together, and leans onto the wall. “I’ve had too much to drink.
“You should become used to my touch.“
Sherlock giggles, takes John's hand, and they are off.
“Lestrade, if you would be so kind to stop pointing your gun at me? Do it, or I will stop our favourite detective. Believe me, I will be faster than you.
It takes John a second to notice that Sherlock is communicating with him in Morse code.
“Sherlock, are you okay? Sherlock, wake up!
Sherlock and John start with their Quidditch training.
He was reluctant to wake Sherlock up from his slumber, but he couldn’t carry both Sherlock and his bag in one go. The detective grumbled a bit as John helped him step out of the car, but then suddenly paused. John panicked for a second, anticipating Sherlock to faint, but the man was still standing. Sherlock let his eyes wander over the houses, the few trees, the overflowing bins, the skyline of the financial district that was visible at the horizon.
“That’s great!
there is no Bunsen burner in their vicinity.
However, through all of these pleasantries, John had not forgotten the noise. It sounded like knocking, and it drove him insane. His work at the E.R at a busy London hospital was stressful, and he needed his peaceful sleep.
He tries to sound as confident as possible, but his voice betrays him.
I hope you did not kill it.
But it was you.
In the morning, John is still there (he must have slept on the sofa next to the now burning fireplace). They do some small-talk about this and that (and for once, Sherlock does not hate it) and eat the now hard biscuits.
Everyone looked at the newcomer with open mouths. Even the slave had raised his pretty head and stared at John. The seller looked delighted, and the two men dropped out of the selling. Only the inspecting men remained:
“Merry Christmas, my love.
"MUMMY!"
“What business has brought you here?
Sherlock says quietly.
‘ sound.
I think they don’t mind a walk in the dark.
“Get yourself together.
last words come to his mind.
“You just want to kiss
’s father is reading the Christmas Cards aloud, sent from their various relatives all over the world. A big Christmas Tree fills the centre of the room, everyone else in
Sherlock shrugs: “I spend most of the time either in my room or in a deserted corner in the library. We wouldn’t have met.
"I’m sorry they did that to you, and I’m going to kick their asses for that. Or even better, I will tell McGonagall and she will do it. You know how much she likes you. And if you want, nothing needs to change, we can just continue being friends. There is no pressure from me at all, I just want you to know how much I treasure you.“
He points at the two part of chains.
“Is using
“I love you.
Right, not a good time to think about his destructive childhood.
appears, who starts opening the manacles, first around his ankles, then his arms. Sherlock lets out a pained, hoarse shout as his stiff arms drop to his side. John’s finger wander around the cuts, and there is murder in his eyes. If Santa is not dead, he would have been dead now.
“Not today, though.
"It was the hardest thing I ever had to do. I left early and immediately shot up."
“He didn’t want to leave Sherlock alone, so deep was their connection already.
The door is thrown open with a loud BANG and Sherlock’s assaulter is dragged away.
Sherlock says and tries finding the flower and ripping it out of his curls, but a warm hand on his wrist stops him.
Finally, it’s their Christmas.
Rumors about their friendship soon circulated and journalists began following John around London. He had long stopped talking to his parents, after they threw Harry out of the house, which the papers found about it. That were the worst headlines. Sherlock had apologized profoundly about that, but John also knew that this was the price he had to pay to be friends with this exceptional human being.
John shrugs and laughs.
He grabbed his waist and pushed him against the wall. Sherlock tried to push him away, but unfortunately the training had already been effective. The man overpowered him easily.
Next, John storms up the endless stairs, wrestling his gun out of his trousers while running. The first two doors are just a closet and a bathroom. The third door is closed, but after hearing another scream by Sherlock a
The 19 years old
“He said he read all the papers about us.
The truth is, he was absolutely terrified, and tried not to show it.
"He wrote you that awful letter and couldn't even hand it to you himself. He threw you right back into the arms of drugs."
TW: Public Humiliation, Use of Medieval Torture Device, Public Beating
“We still have a few hours until the Christmas party. What do you want to do?
John is now in front of him, panting, his eyes blown wide. The gun is still at his side. He is staring at Sherlock with anger, so much fear, and Sherlock has never seen a more beautiful sights. He wants to cry, and maybe he already is crying. John Watson is the most wonderful creature earth has ever seen, and like a Christmas miracle he is at the moment standing in this room, protecting Sherlock from every evil there is.
“Sherlock, are you alright? Please god, say you okay!
hated hunting. He preferred sitting at their kitchen table, planning his political future, while Sherlock tried to attract bees to their garden. Their father shot the animals, and he resented his sons that they wouldn’t accompany him.
Later, like a damn miracle, he met Sherlock Holmes. The one person he wanted to be shackled to for the rest of his life. For eighteen months, he finally felt at home and often even at peace. More so when they were chasing violent criminals through muddy streets and John could listen to Sherlock’s deductions after every solved case. He abandoned the dream of finding the perfect wife and starting a family (and
“Fine, I’ll do it.” He said, and Mycroft nodded.
That romantic bastard. John couldn’t help but grin.
A kind paramedic tells him, and John thanks her. “You are a doctor, right?
Mummy did not wait for an answer, and just hurried off to call the deliveries guys.
he was not just stalking John’s every move to the bins.
You don’t seriously think this simple trick will delay the search for me for more than five seconds?
His enemy was wearing a peacock plumbed crest and was armed with a heavy net and a sharp trident. John always thought such extravagant armor was ridiculous and had chosen his usual leather protection for his chest, his arms and his legs. Both of them wore helmets. It was unusual that someone fought without a shield, but John’s fighting style was better without it. That way he was able to move much faster. He knew he had to be careful that the net didn’t catch him, otherwise his opponent would simply stab him to death.
John, please. Hurry up John! Hurry up John!
“I love you too. More than anything else.
Sherlock made a chocking sound and John hastily helped him sit, then pressed his body against his  jumper.
The paramedic hands John tissues and disinfectant spray. The knife may have been dirty.
, which amused John greatly.
“My ex-wife, Mary
„Oh god, Sherlock, you are so tight!“
Of course, Love Actually is a Christmas movie, but surely it also works in October.
’s freezing office, Gregory looked like life itself.
Mary grabs her knife and quickly cuts a
They were so close…
Marley. Sometimes people called
“What are you doing?“
leans back in her chair and nods satisfied: “Yes, Professor Holmes will stay. I must say this is a long overdue and welcome progress in our society. The views of people may change slowly, but they change.
and his drug addiction, and the other secret is so deeply hidden that not even his own parents know.
said. “I finally send off my letter to Scotland Yard yesterday — I hope they will let me join the force.
Sherlock raised his head a bit and John wiped the last tear from his white cheek.
The doctor nodded, left the car and hit the door a bit too forcefully. Really, the people who think that Sherlock is only rude one have it very wrong.
The body. Would John ever find him? Maybe the man would burn him or throw him away. Maybe his corpse would be discovered weeks from now. Molly would probably do the autopsy to spare him from another stranger touching him. She would notice the marks a rapist makes on his victims and John would know. Would he be able to move on? Sherlock desperately hoped so. Making John Watson happy was his main goal of his life. John would be devastated, but surely he would manage to soldier on. Maybe he will find a new person to make him happy. Someday.
Mummy sighs: “I’m sorry. I hop that boy doesn’t forget over all his new books that he is still a child too.
“Now it’s Christmas time again, and I must walk among all the celebrating people, regretting every Christmas I spend at the office and not with you. Why did I not follow the lights to a poor house and help the suffering?
The Ghost only opened the door. Inside the room there was a table, where the head of the orphanage sat. Ernest Marley and his wife, Margaret Marley, were sitting opposite to him. All of them were regarding a young boy with brown hair, almost nine years old.
"We can work around that. Mrs. Hudson..."
Yes, we met on Wednesday. Every first year managed to hold themselves on their broom for at least five seconds.
didn’t share their parents opinion.
“What do you mean?” John asked. Would they now finally learn what happened?
John asks his best friend for now nearly seven years. To his endless surprise, Sherlock stumbles a bit and falls silent.
“Sherlock Holmes, will you do me the honour of being my best friend forever?
he reassured himself. “What else can it be?
His own opinion shocked him. Had he become so cold?
Don‘t think about it. This all will be over in no time and John will be furious and send his cousins to a long, difficult and dangerous journey they will hopefully not return from. It will be over soon.
Because I’m going to show you exactly unimpressive Colin Firth is, compared to me.
“Sherlock, can you help me out at the counter?
You — are — my — world
next to him.
“It is required of every man who has not done good in his life.
“Good morning, Mr. Bear.
It… it does not hurt any more.
“Just go the left of the museum on the main island. Honestly, I thought we could spend some time together. I build a new park yesterday, and I can show you the fish I caught in the museum.”
did not bother looking up from his paper: “Nonsense!
“No problem, enjoy your stay. Welcome to London!
At night, when he is laying in his bed (they haven’t shared a bed yet), John dreams of them twenty, thirty years in the future, with a small house and garden somewhere close to the sea, with bees in their backyard, a dog and a silver ring on Sherlock’s finger. This may be somewhat new to Sherlock, who never had to care (much) about money, but John is aware that his dreams cost a lot of money, and so he is driving to the clinic every day, instead of working cases. Well, they still do that together in the evenings, on John’s free days, on weekends, or whenever Sherlock needs him, which is always (John is pretty charmed at this).
When he woke up a few days later and found only that weird fake belly and not his previously heavily-pregnant wife, he knew immediately what she must have planned to do.
John clasps his hand over his hot mug of tea.
This of course ended when the four Holmes drove to their first summer holiday, and Mycroft drowned in the sea.
should have barged in and fixed this massacre but
Speaking of John, he has started chatting up Stella, who is wearing an admittedly gorgeous blue suit today. Sherlock wonders if John is just being friendly or if he seriously has not noticed yet that Stella is a lesbian and has a crush on Sally, who has not rejected Stella’s shy advances so maybe there is some hope there. It would be a big step up from Philip Anderson, after all.
"Here, try this one.“
Sherlock was a practical person. John treated him well, they can solve cases together. He gets food every day and a roof over his head. The gladiator hasn’t hit him so far, the horrible chains were gone. Sherlock told himself to look in the future. John could easily sell him every day, maybe to the brothel or to the mines. Sherlock would continue to make the best out of his situation. Running away was a suicide mission, and
Gladstone feels his fur stand up. He does not fully understand what John is saying, but it sounds scary.
cena-supper
to buy them.
“What about the
They reach the large throne room, with spectators standing everywhere. A loud gasp goes through the room as they spot Sherlock’s sorry state.
Ernest. It didn’t matter to
John brought him out of his mind again.
The firm was known as Ernest Marley and
Another commotion rips Sherlock out of his thoughts, and he notices with horror that this time, it’s aimed at him and his husband. Three or four bulky men (dear god, more cousins?) advance on him and drag him to his feet. Two hands start ripping at the hem around his shoulders, and Sherlock realizes with horror that apparently the drunk brutes want to have a piece of the price too before the prince gets it.
“You can use him for simple housework, like cleaning or washing, or as a simple companion for your own children. We’ll start at
, the one he had a crush on — Victor Trevor, Sherlock can now hardly recall his face — was nothing against the agony Sherlock is experiencing now. His strategy to not get too attached worked out splendidly.
Sherlock breathes out. It all sounds perfectly logical when John explains it, but it does not let Sherlock forget his anxiety over the events of this evening.
“I’m fine. It was just scary when you were suddenly gone, and there were strangers everywhere! Eventually I made it, and an elderly lady helped me.
Through the white noise in his ears, he heard a few people snicker. The loudest of them was Mary, now standing directly in front of him, pointing at it.
All students raise their hands.
John raised his free hand to stop any protest, and led the quivering man to the smaller room. There was not much in it except another cupboard and a bed. It’s frame was out of bronze, and a mattress filled with feathers lay on top of it. John arranged a few woollen blankets and pillows on it, then turned around.
couch and waited. A guard was standing by the door with his back to John. The guard knows that John is no danger to anyone at the moment. Three empty glasses of scotch are standing in front of him on the glass table.
’s family‘ on my résumé.
"I can you tell you that now: You’ll feel absolutely miserable. It’s definitely not good for your health.“
The man grunts in his ear. Sherlock sighs. He wants to avoid bruises from any violent confrontations, so he decides not to provoke the clearly drunk, angry and now obviously homophobic football fan.
"I want to see how I will feel afterwards.“
They build a snowman.
Running through London to catch criminals certainly has a few perks:
“What if something happened to you in the alley, what if the thief had a knife or a gun or you fell down
John blinks a few times to clear his vision, then gapes surprised. Sherlock is watching the old BBC mini series “Pride and Prejudice
John hugs him to his chest, a bit more forcefully this time: “I was worried sick for you! Are you alright?
John scratches his head. “We discovered too many… differences between us, so I ended it a fortnight ago.
“Harry, don’t be mean to your brother. John, stop annoying your sister. Now, get ready for bed. I don’t want to hear another noise coming from your room, understood?
“Everyone, clean up your working space. I will see you next week. Willow, you will replace Oliver’s paper. Oliver, you will apologize for whatever you said. Alex, tell Leila that you two will keep your personal crises out of my classroom. Is that understood?
John knows that Sherlock and Mycroft were meant to meet at the café, and he wonders if what he is listening to is a world without Mycroft Holmes’s influence.
Sherlock opened the door, and saw the most beautiful boy he had ever seen. It felt like being hit by a lightening bolt. It felt like staring directly into the sun, the boy appeared to be glowing. The world stopped turning for a second.
Sherlock always thought he preferred being alone, but he has never been so wrong.
Greg shouts. “You are not acting logically.
Sherlock shakes his head, not trusting himself to speak. What is John Watson hinting at?
Finally, the traffic started moving again, and twenty minutes and several traffic lights and turns later, they managed to find a parking space only two minutes from Lestrade’s flat. As soon as things had calmed down, John would bring this car personally to a seller and never look back.
He sings in his most high-pitched voice, so he sounds like a girl.
Right, this shouldn’t be this hard.
Sherlock spells it out, bitterly. The scene feels like a lifetime away. Both ruined young man sharing a few old blankets, drugged out of their minds in an abandoned warehouse with holes in the ceiling.
“I know you want it.
Slowly the realization came in. Sherlock had just done the worst thing in his life. Couldn’t he just behave like a normal human being for once? Would it have been so hard to say
“Are you the Ghost, sir, whose coming I was told by my father?
“Ouch! MUMMY, JOHN IS TRYING TO STAB ME!
Their swords clanked back together. John rapidly moved his foot and managed to disarm his opponent. Anderson swore like crazy, and he took a step back to give the man some space. If the slave wasn’t prepared to work harder, Gregor would have to punish him. Gladiator schools were a bit like prisons for the fighters, they had to obey their masters, couldn’t leave without permission, punishments were regularly, and they were chained up at night, but at least there was better food here than the prisons. The schools were under a special kind of scrutiny right now after the former gladiator Spartacus with dozens of other fellow slaves.
They share a sweet kiss, and John inhales Sherlock’s special scent: salt, seaweed, whatever he uses to wash his hair and something uniquely Sherlock-y.
John exclaims, then turns serious again: “Are you still sure you want this?
He had said to him, after a hellish
John shrugs casually, as if this isn’t the most beautiful and at the same time damning thing Sherlock has ever had.
“I will, thanks.
John says, pointing at the other two.
Trigger Warnings: Attempted Rape/Non-Con, Creepy Behavior, Cold Blooded Murder
consulting detective. He hits brutally in the face, with the same hand that holds the pocket knife. Sherlock gasps. More blood is running down his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
closed door is not going to stop John from entering. He just shots away the lock and goes in.
“We told you so!
hanging on the back of the classroom, and right next to it…
Sherlock stammers, taking a small step towards John. The other man closes the gap between them.
His task today was copying letters, and he had to wear his thickest coat while he worked, since he was not allowed any more coal.
John pressed his aching forehead against Sherlock’s head. A tear was running down his face and joined Sherlock’s falling tears.
John sighs.
“How are you feeling this morning, Mr. Holmes?
The thing she was most proud of however where the short bricks that she had fastened under Sherlock’s feet, putting them up. She had used the ropes and belts to hold his legs in place, bound to the table, putting them into a very uncomfortable and dangerous position. This torture method was called the Tiger Bench, and Mary had found it on Google. After all, she had to give him a new challenge, Serbia must have been too easy.
“All I want for Christmas is you!
in the head in front of dozens of witnesses to save Mary (Oh, Sherlock), but really to save John’s fake illusion of his happy family. He was brought away in handcuffs and thrown into a cell in the basement of Secret Service. John had spent Christmas Day, after being interrogated for hours, begging to
He demands, shouting it above to Irene.
His car rolled into the parking lot, and he turned to John.
His hopefully soon home.
“Shhhhh, don’t worry. I’ve got you. I’ve got you.“
“No, your past. And the past of someone else, someone very close to you.
“Two students are lost in the Forbidden Forest.
“I need to go on the field.
“No, I haven’t asked yet.
“Yes, they are.”
One soldiers yells, and both Sherlock and John blush. "Sherlock Holmes, you are a lucky man!" Someone else shouts.
The sooner they can end this, the better.
laughed as he watched Gregory throw a thick snowball at his younger persona, who tried to doge it, but failed. Their fight ended with
Another loud groan ebbs through the audience.
shows off her high notes. When students are not present, the teachers at Hogwarts run a bit wild. Last year, Sherlock had excused himself early from the party, not really knowing his colleagues then. This time, he is determined to enjoy himself and stay until the end.
The next time he senses anything, he is shoved with a brutal trip to his back into a cold (damn it) closet. He gasps at the pain that is surging through his right wrist he landed on.
John tells him, as if Sherlock is not aware of that.
“Sure.” Sherlock says and bites his lip in disappointment. The abrupt end of their conversation upsets him. It is after all not that late.
Sherlock is pretty sure the whole school can hear the eruption of his heart: “For our whole lives? That is ambitious.
Third, watching Sherlock commit suicide was worse than any bullet ever could be. Mary was only a gauze for a bleeding wound, but of course, everything surrounding her was a big fat lie.
Sherlock asks.
“John, the ambulance is outside. We have to get him out of here, but the stairs…
“At seven o’clock.
He spends most of the hours on Mrs. Hudson’s sofa with his head buried in his book. Other people his age are going to parties, travelling to distant places, Molly is meeting her friends almost every day outside of University. It is another thing Sherlock doesn’t want to admit, but making friends has never been easy for him, and as a consequence, he is lonely.
“Nope, I’ve got something much better.” John says. “Catch!” He presses his hand to his mouth and kisses it, then throws the imagined kiss up to Sherlock. Sherlock stretches out his arm, and for a simple second he feels John’s strong arms around him and his lips on his.
Sherlock whispers to himself, but John heard him.
“This week is going to be endless, but would you like a trip to
’s door, and others joined in, hoping for a small coin.
“John, Mrs. Watson claimed she only wants to talk to you. In fact, she shouted it multiple times at my officers.”
He looks much friendlier now!
"Christ.“ He mumbled, then kissed Sherlock hungrily. „I really want to see you now when you are only wearing the ring.“
They are inside the seaside cave, where Jim Moriarty, his classmate from
Second part of the story will follow soon!
“Okay, we’re there." John says and they both stop for a moment.
What the hell was this men talking about?
It can be easily overwhelming, and Sherlock is still learning how to filter less important stuff out. He is good at it when they are somewhere familiar, at school, on the rugby field (he doesn’t play, but John does, and for some reason, him being there brings luck for John), and their homes. London is always different, it constantly changes, and it’s both exhilarating and alarming all at once.
gone? Why is he developing a headache on the first day of work?
“Thanks, but I’m good.
“You are doing so good.
The students slowly start moving, and the two teachers start getting the
“Leave us alone, I can handle him.“
The day started, as many terrible days do, with a bad cup of coffee. Sherlock tries to hide his disgusted grimace at his first sip with his cup. It’s the first day for the waitress, who needs her job to continue studying medicine at one of the most expensive cities in the world, and he doesn’t want to ruin it.
knows what the doctors would find. “I’m going to take him home with me.
“Something is wrong.
„Thank you.“ He whispered, and John beamed at hearing his voice.
Oliver has left his desk and is now jumping up and down, trying to extinguish his burning
. “I didn’t know Watson grew up in an orphanage.
“Just thinking.” He replies quietly, adjusting his headphones. It is just after eleven p.m, his parents have retired to bed, and he does not want to disturb them.
The four tables are close to collapsing due to the massive amount of candy and other stuff which Sherlock believes the muggles call fast food‘. John took care of the menu. Smaller pumpkins are hanging from the ceiling, their ghostly smiles throwing shadows to the walls, while the ceiling is exploding with sparks and thunder. Later, the ghosts will perform a special play for everyone who can stand to watch that stuff without falling unconscious. The Nearly Headless Nick has been practising his famous head trick‘ for weeks.
A cheeky voice says behind Sherlock’s back, and the young detective jumps around. A beaming John Watson is standing finally directly in front of him, wearing a green uniform that makes him look unforgettably sexy.
The boy accuses and points at the
The salesman looks at him a bit strangely, but Sherlock ignores that. The customer is not always but sometimes right, and John will appreciate the cactus. Sherlock is sure of that.
John may whisper love confessions in his ear, unfortunately, his many family members do not share the same sentiment. After all, their marriage is one of convenience, more of a political triumph and less of a romantic love affair in their eyes. Sherlock remains the pawn in the political game between the Watson’s and the Holmes. Sherlock is not popular with many of John‘s relatives, his quick mouth offending many, and they have been waiting for a chance of revenge eagerly.
The first method of judicial hanging is the Suspension. The weight of the body causes the tightening of the noose around the trachea neck structure. There is no struggle and the person often goes immediately limp because their jugular vein and carotid arteries are blocked and the blood flow to the brain is reduced. Death by strangulation takes about ten to twenty minutes. It is presumed to very painful due to the victims struggle for air against the compression of the noose and against the weight of the body.
“I can’t believe it, what a coincidence. My clerk, the friend of my brother.
vest, and they kiss his head despite the smell, so it cannot be that bad.
immediately after my healer training was finished. Finally, I felt like I belonged somewhere. We were all comrades together in the fight against the Dark Arts. For two years, everything fit into place. It all came crashing down one night. We were travelling through Scotland, searching for a criminal fugitive. The criminal surprised us, and my superior, James
“Could have been way worse.
“The blue team scored a goal.
He had been a gladiator for nearly two years, after the war had ended. An arrow had hit his shoulder on the last battlefield, and the army didn’t want him any more. His shoulder had slowly healed, his search for a fulfilling life not. He preferred a certain death in the Colosseum over a boring life in the streets of Rome. He was in the middle of his twenties and John already regarded his life as over.
“I do mean that. Merry Christmas! What reason do you have to be merry,
Sherlock chokes out, while John takes his hands, pins them over Sherlock’s head and peppers his long pale neck with kisses.
Mary should have known. Even if Sherlock had died after his jump, she would always have been the substitute. Never equal to a dead man. Later, there were three people in her marriage.
A soft knock on his door rips Sherlock out of his thoughts.
Sherlock says, his relief at John accepting his invitation almost visible. “You can bring your girlfriend, or other people you know from your classes. The more the merrier.
Professor Watson, I forgot to tell you, but I think you lost your cane when you found us!
The Ghost of Christmas Past finally landed again and their surroundings were getting more clear. They were still in the orphanage, which now had more holes than roof.
The employee asked him if he wanted to see his dead wife as well, but John declined. He will not get her face out of his mind for the rest of his life. She will surely haunt him until his last day, he didn’t need to see her body. He is a hundred percent certain she is died. John did shoot her, after all.
"She is quite funny."
The Ghost said.
“He is alive.
John isn’t so enthusiastic. He plays with his own tea cup (Sherlock prepared enough for three), and stutters for a while about someone named Moriarty, a fake suicide, a mysterious wife who liked to shoot people (what a horrible woman) and several funerals. All Paddington hears are excuses.
Sherlock says, and John goes to the free table, not without turning around and stealing a secret glance at him. Sherlock notices it, of course.
Sherlock stares at John’s angry eyes: “You have done nothing wrong. I’m just feeling a bit under the weather, that is all.
Where is he, why is
His sandals clad feet scrapped against the rough surface when the starting tone resounded. The audience erupted into loud screams. John started to sprint directly to his enemy, who stood there, legs spread, waiting for him. John threw his spear with a firm arm move, and it landed right in the
forbid it. Maintaining your masculinity was very important for the troops, and same-sex with freeborn man would have violated that. This rule does not expand to male prostitutes, slaves, or younger boys (though John was always disgusted by that practice), as long as the freeborn man did the penetrative act and took on the dominant role. You could say that John definitely had experience, and so it was surprising to him that Sherlock, who was after all only two years younger, had absolutely none. Surprised and delighted.
John gasps out. He has difficulties keeping up with their quick pace due to his cane.
