When he gets home he has about an hour before Cas gets home so he washes himself up and gets things ready, he throws on a house coat and waits for Castiel to get home on the couch as he watches reruns of Family Feud.
Dean wakes up from a nap by Sam’s voice yelling, “Dean!” and Dean groans, rolls his eyes and gets up from his bed with hesitancy hoping it has to do with Sam and not his father.
Mary then pulls a small square thing out of one of the pockets, a polaroid? Yep, a polaroid. Dean knows exactly which one too.
“I’m just so proud of us all.” Castiel says as the ceremony outside ends and they all make their way inside to the gym as they now have a little downtime to walk around and say goodbyes and have some refreshers as they talk to people.
Rushing to his fathers' sides, Jack grabbed Castiel by the arm, tears pricking his eyes as he wrapped the angel (although, now he was a man) in a bone-crushing embrace. He saw Sam do the same to his brother out of the corner of his eye.
(In his mind, he imagines Cas right next to him, Jack having a little Sammy on his lap, as Cas teaches the kids about bees, using words they won't understand for another ten years and will leave Dean scratching his head as to their meaning, but it'll make Cas so excited that Dean will be happy just being there with him.)
"Look," Bobby sighed, looking at Dean with the kind of stare that reminded him that Bobby had seen him at some pretty low points, but had also taken him to play catch up in the park when he was a kid and supposed to be practicing his shooting. It was the look of a father. "Your daddy...he put a hell of a lot on you that you didn't deserve when you were young. But the fight's over now...you can have something good."
But when Dean spoke, his voice was shaking, and green eyes filled with tears. "Stay. Cas...please...just, stay."
(How many times did Cas have to bleed, metaphorically and physically, for them? How many times did he Fall because of
"Jack?" Sam asked cautiously, because the second he verified that Jack was alive, he saw the woman in a silvery grey suit and brown hair standing next to the Nephilim's crumpled form.
"You'll stay?" Dean finished, his eyes pleading and desperate. The unspoken 'you'll still love me,' 'you won't resent me for causing you to Fall' echoing in the Empty.
Dean looked down so Sam couldn't see his face, but he felt like vibrating out of his skin. It was so unlike Dean to be so calm, steady even, when it came to Cas. Normally, he'd be threatening to lock Sam in his room so he could take all the risk on himself. Not
"Sure," Sam tried to communicate the disbelief at Dean's lack of self-awareness as the three made their way back to the Impala.
"But you gotta' bring everyone back," Sam continued, his heart nearly stopped beating. They were still on a barren planet after all. "Eileen, Donna, Cas...everyone."
And Sam had to agree. Amara could run Heaven the way she always wanted, and they were so desperate for a leader now, the angels would accept her easily. Plus, he certainly trusted her more than Chuck to make some improvements. And if all else failed, Jack still had all of Chuck's powers, he just needed (deserved) some time to learn who he was before he started creating alternate universes and being all-mighty God.
In response, Eileen just wrapped a hand around his arm, tugging him down to her level and pressing her lips to his. Sam closed his eyes, his arms automatically coming to her waist to bring her closer to him. No matter how many times they kissed, it still felt new to him, that spark alighting in his chest like she was breathing life back into him.
Mary's love was for the boy that died in a fire. The one that ceased to exist the moment he ran out of their house holding his brother. But he thinks she might have started to love him again by the time she died for the second time.
She knew that there was nothing to do now but to wait, and that Sam was not the most patient when it came to waiting for his family to return from dangerous situations. Keeping the portal in the corner of her eye, she tracked Sam's pacing, wondering if it was possible to wear a hole in concrete floors.
, he replied, spelling out the name because he couldn't remember if she had given the witch turned Queen of Hell a name sign yet.
"But first, we're bringing Cas home," Dean declared, clearly marking the end of the conversation, the hunter obviously on edge.
anymore, just some washed up writer—writhe pathetically on the ground. He let out a deep breath. It was finally over. No more apocalypses (yes, plural, Sam hates his life sometimes), no story or script to follow, just...life.
"Is that really...?" Dean asked, and he looked like he was swaying on his feet, Cas putting a hand on his arm to steady him.
He took her hand, and for a minute, nothing happened. But then Amara's eyes turned dark and Jack's flashed that golden color of his Grace, the two almost glowing with power.
"Wonderful job, dearie," Rowena said, turning to look at Dean. "But we still need the angel's blood and the blood of whomever is going to the Empty."
"...Amara," Jack managed to grind out, his eyes opening. But one was demon-black, the other angel-blue.
(But humanity was supposed to be better than the angels, and God turned out to be kind of a dick, as Dean would say, so he shouldn't be afraid to Fall.)
Eileen is sitting on Sam's lap in one of the library's chairs they dragged into the main room, the two signing to each other, and he can see his brother's hand in his pocket. Dean winks at him knowingly, getting a one-fingered sign in response.
(He prayed—although he didn't know who he was praying to, or if it made a difference—that when he opened his eyes, he didn't have to see Jack's eyes burned out...
And, of course, in a room full of hunters, even off-duty ones, they soon had half a dozen guns and at least two angel blades pointed at them.
Donna and Jody were sharing a kiss, much to the exaggerated chagrin of their wayward daughters. Kaia and Claire were arm-in-arm, laughing as Patience and Alex taught Jack the basics of poker.
. The need for independence but the desire to share a life with someone, to fall in love in the most terrifying way. That things weren't all or nothing.
It had been months since that day in the dungeon and Dean wasn't sure he was ever going to get to do this again. To do something as simple as hug his angel. And he could live in this moment forever.
The kiss was firm (they had wasted so much time not doing this), his tongue sliding along the seam of Cas's lips, pulling back before they started full-on making out in front of their friends and family. (Family which included their son and their kinda-daughter.) But Cas just hummed in appreciation, pulling Dean closer, his hand never moving from his shoulder though, until there was barely any space left.
Before long, Cas and Eileen were herding their guests out into the main room of the bunker, leaving Sam and Dean alone at the kitchen table with Bobby.
Before the car was even stopped, Jack was pushing the door open and falling to his hands and knees in the grass.
Turning to Sam, maybe his brother would help him out, Dean opened his mouth to protest, but Sam just hit him with the deadest of expressions and shrugged. "No, he's right. You're being an idiot."
The tires of the Impala crunched over the sand and pebbles as Dean drove away from the abandoned strip of beach, Chuck's pleas and whining fading as they sped down the dirt path towards the town.
And with Eileen...he could propose and they could build a life and it didn't mean he had to leave "the life" behind. He could step back, grow the hunter network, and still have a relationship...love...a life.
(He still remembered Dean's shouted words when he was trying to turn himself into a bomb. That they should let Jack do it because he wasn't family...not like Cas was. And if the Winchesters had taught him anything, it was that family deserved to be together.)
Sam's love was constant, but he still left. And maybe Dean was just starting to realize that Sam didn't leave him because he didn't
Dean crushed the swell of hope that made its way into his traitorous chest. She was probably just checking in, no way she actually found the spell. Jack had remembered a lot of the Enochian that was said, but they still had no idea on the ingredients Nick had used to summon the Empty. All they knew was they needed Cas's blood. (And every time someone mentioned that particular fact, Dean tried not to think about the jacket he had stuffed in the back of his closet and had refused to wash or even touch in the past few weeks.)
"No..." Sam trailed off, his phone starting to ring. "Give me a sec, this is Rowena." He got up and wandered out of earshot.
Sam put the safety back on his gun, but Eileen kept hers trained on the Darkness, only relaxing slightly when he put a gentle hand on her shoulder. Although his grip tightened and he heard Dean suck in a breath as Bobby—and not Apocalypse Bobby, but the man who had been more of a father to Sam than John Winchester—stepped out from behind Amara.
It was a line that had been used against them so many times, by Michael, by Chuck, to make light of that moment—the moment Castiel began to truly Fall, began to change. But it had always meant more to Castiel.
"I'll be right back," Dean muttered, is face shuttered as he practically ran from the room, his entire body tense.
Dean took a deep breath, looking at the bubbling, black ooze in front of him. His angel was in there. He had torn through all of Purgatory for nearly a year, taking down monster after monster, just to find Cas, he could handle the Empty.
And he wasn't planning on proposing any time soon, but it was still nice to have it there, to know that he
And Sam's phone started buzzing in his pocket. Pulling it out, Sam saw messages flooding in from the Apocalypse World hunters, Stevie, Charlie, even one from Claire Novak that said she couldn't reach Dean or Cas. For a second, his heart stuttered in his chest, Eileen's name was so obviously absent it was almost a flashing sign.
It was like heat and fire was radiating in waves from Jack, and Sam had to throw an arm over his eyes to keep from being blinded.
A chance to save Cas, a chance to actually use that free will they fought so hard for, a chance to live. (A chance to love, maybe truly love for the first time.)
"She found it," Sam breathed, signing the words as he did, a worried but hopeful look on his face. "Or she...
He still loves Jess, of course, a part of him always will, and when he told Eileen about her, she smiled sadly and said she wished she could have met her. (He still thinks they'd be the death of him if they had ever met, just...the fastest of friends and he would probably have no dignity after they tell each other all the dirt they have on him.) But that didn't mean he doesn't love Eileen just as fiercely, or that he isn't more in love with her than he could ever imagine.
(He remembered the Shadow holding Cas up by the throat, and then Castiel trading his own life for Jack's.)
"This isn't up for discussion, Sammy," Dean crossed his arms, fixing Sam with a steady look. He doesn't think he's ever seen his brother so determined when it wasn't about trying to sacrifice himself for Sam or the greater good.
"Exactly," Dean gestured with his fork, not seeing the issue. Why waste what little downtime they have by not sleeping in with their hot girlfriend? (In Sam's case. Dean understood it was slightly hypocritical because he hardly slept anymore unless he passed out from exhaustion.)
"I'm the one who's about to grip you tight and raise you from perdition," he grinned, clearly unable to help himself.
Jack was sitting across from her at the library table, nearly motionless and clearly deep in thought. Castiel meant a lot to him obviously, but so did Dean—Sam had said that the three of them were practically Jack's fathers at this point.
Rowena was keeping watch over the spell, although Eileen was fairly certain that there was nothing that could be done. When the flame died, the portal closed. And if Dean and Castiel were still on the other side...they might be able to try again, but each time they performed the spell, it only increased the odds of losing someone again.
Sam took a deep breath, giving Eileen a soft kiss as he sat down, slinging an arm around her shoulders. They were already so domestic it would be sickening if Dean wasn't so glad his brother had finally found the happiness and balance he had been searching for for so long.
(Because it sometimes still felt like he was too separate from humanity. That he didn't know if he belonged, but if Dean asked him to stay, he would stay for as long as he could.)
He looked down, because, yeah, that sounded like a pretty good plan to him. She lived just outside of Lebanon, not even an hour's drive from the bunker. He could still help coordinate the hunter-slash-Men of Letters network and she didn't have to worry about what was going to happen to her house while she was out on hunts. And...they could have a
"Yes, it's so insane to try and keep healthy and in shape now that we're not fighting for our lives every day," Sam snarked with a good-natured roll of his eyes.
"We'll find another way," Sam promised, and Dean's face hardened, but he dropped the subject. And Sam really doesn't want to think about what he's going to do to himself when they get back to the bunker. (His brother doesn't have the best coping mechanisms in the best of circumstances, never mind when he lost his angel.)
The glossy, perfect image of Heaven had been shattered a long time ago (twelve years to be exact) and, even if he wanted back in, they would never accept him again. His brothers and sisters called him the second Lucifer, the Fallen One, and he didn't like thinking about how apt that moniker was sometimes.
And as he pressed a kiss to Eileen's forehead, he couldn't help but wonder and hope that their family was going to expand once again someday soon.
John's love was conditional. If he could protect Sammy, fight the monsters and kill them, find a girl for the night and move on. Maybe if he did all that, he would earn his father's love.
(After all, Dean knew what it was like to feel the weight of regret like a stone upon your back, the Mark especially brought out that feeling. All the people he killed to feed it, beating Cas when the angel didn't raise a hand against him and was only trying to help. The list could go on.)
of the spell Nick used to bring Lucifer back last year," Dean ground out, stabbing his laptop's power button viciously. "Anything from Rowena? Jody and Donna? Garth?"
Because 15x20 should have been about getting Cas back from the Empty and I will never forgive the writers for that.
Because he had always wanted to marry, to have his own family, his own life, but doing so with Amelia, or even with Jess, would have been all or nothing.
" bitchfaces, wanting to rub a hand down his face in frustration, but he couldn't help the smile that came to his face just at the thought of Eileen.
That this life that he was raised in brought him a family, one that doesn't end in blood, but that doesn't mean he has to die in it. That the misery that has characterized almost eighty years of his life (thirty-seven on Earth, forty in Hell) doesn't have to define the next forty years. That he can get out, and he can get out with Cas, and they can have a bee farm or something else ridiculous and rustic and
Dean watched as his little brother blushed and finally said that he was planning on proposing to Eileen. It made him wonder when the chubby kid who cried in his arms and was scared of what was hiding in the dark grew up. He was a full-grown man and he seemed to have become one without Dean's notice or help.
(He might have to start learning though, if Cas agreed to the plan. They would have to leave his Grace behind, and he tried not to think about the implications.)
Bobby just smiled, his form starting to fade at the edges. "Just know...there'll be peace when you boys are done," he nodded at Cas and Jack, clearly including them. "Ellen and I, your mom and dad, Rufus, Jo, Charlie, Jessica, Ash, Pam...we're all waiting for you boys." He paused, his image starting to flicker, and Dean didn't feel sad or lost like he expected to. Because Cas was next to him, his family was safe, and he could say with confidence that those they had lost were actually in paradise. "But we better not see you all for a goddamn long while, you hear?"
And it should terrify him, that Sammy doesn't need him anymore, but more than anything, it fills him with joy. His brother is going to get to live the life he deserves, one with a badass chick and leading a bunch of hunters. Dean will get to be the fun uncle to all the little Sammys and Eileens—giving them driving lessons in Baby when they're way too young to drive and making sure they know all of Led Zeppelin's discography before they can walk.
Sam had even talked about turning the bunker into a kind of headquarters, building up the Men of Letters again to work with the hunter network he had started with the Apocalypse World survivors. Although this time they would be working together and on both sides of the Atlantic.
"Shit, Bobby, you've turned into a right Nora Ephron," Dean joked fondly, 'cause that was what he did when something hit too close to home.
"Wonderful, and..." the witch trailed off, almost like she wasn't sure if she should finish the thought. "You wouldn't happen to have any blood of that handsome trickster, would you?"
"Well, what are we waiting for then?" Dean asked, letting the optimism start to take hold. He didn't want this to be one more failed attempt. Shit, they...he...
He shrugged, 'cause there wasn't an easy answer. Although, there was something he had been wanting to ask, and there's no time like when your brother is in a plane between worlds trying to rescue your angel best friend and the love of his life.
It wasn't until Dean scooted over and patted the bed beside him before Cas really grasped what he meant. He hesitantly removed his trench coat and at Dean's prompting he removed his jack and suit pants as well. He slowly eased into the bed, not knowing exactly what Dean wanted him to do.
Dean’s cheeks filled with heat. “Go mop the floors.” He spat before disappearing into his booth to clean his tools.
“And that’s alright.” Ty added quickly, squirming in his seat while not meeting her eyes. “Let there be a thousand blossoms bloom as far as I’m concerned.” He cleared his throat and tugged on his collar. “Speaking of sons.” He said coughing and clearing his throat again. “How, uh, how is your son?”
“It’s not Cas, it’s someone you don’t know.” Dean said, rifling under the counter for his car keys. “Do you know if Sam is in class?”
He was so lost in thought that he didn’t even realize the soap opera had ended and Dr. Sexy MD had come on. He picked up the remote and shut it off quickly.
Dean groaned and buried his face in his hands. “I don’t know how I’m gonna look Cas in the eyes again. You won’t tell him will you?”
“Would you like to order yet sir?” The waitress asked, irritation coloring her tone. This was the eleventh time she asked him she was probably getting impatient.
“Cas, what are you talking about? Are you okay?” Gabriel asked seriously. He dared to sound concerned.
The next thing he knew, his head was pounding viciously and a bright light was shining in his eyes. He groaned and tried to bat away the source and when that failed he crankily opened an eye.
Dean shook his head fiercely. "I- I can't. I won't." He let out a wobbly sigh. "I'm just gonna try and go back to sleep."
“In a fortnight.” Dean said. A hopeful glint alit in his eyes. “Would it be to bold of me to ask you to write to me?”
From what Sam had told him, Cas refused to believe Dean’s side of the story, even though Sam and Bobby both backed him up. It took a vengeful spirit in his own house before Cas got it through his head that they weren’t trying to blow smoke up his butt.
Cas hummed and in one quick movement, he flipped them over so he was straddling Dean’s hips. He almost laughed at the startled look on the other man’s face.
“The steaks are pretty good” Dean said, watching out of the corner of his eye as Bobby caught one of the waitresses heading for their booth. He took her notepad and shooed her away before, just as Dean suspected, walking over to stand at their booth.
Cas muttered to himself as he pushed the shopping cart down the bread aisle. His dreams had once again surrounded Mr. Winchester and his pornstar dick. That made the six times since he had given the man a clean bill of health two weeks ago.
“You don’t have anything planned for tonight.” She accused, waving a damning finger in his face. “You were just complaining about that.”
“I’ll have a margarita.” Bobby said as he settled into his spot across from Rowena. He smiled at her fondly and she returned the smile, shifting closer to him.
Shortly after leaving, he lost his taste for the show. It brought back memories of popcorn, snuggling, and lazy kisses. Memories that were too painful for him to bear under the circumstances.
A laugh came from Dean and Cas’ table and Gabriel looked up from his drink, only to find himself staring into Dean’s glittering green eyes and suddenly Gabriel felt memories bubble to the surface.
Bobby laughed in the man’s face. “Nothing you could give me,” He said before ringing up the man’s order for a cup of coffee.
Castiel didn’t know what to do. He had taken karate lessons as a child but he was never good at it and he didn’t like the looks of that knife.
“Well let’s see,” Mr. Winchester said with a hum. “There was the lady in the apartment next to us, the repair man, the landlady’s brother, and he has a sugar baby somewhere in Cali that he visited while he was on business trips, plus he admitted to having a couple one night stands over the period of a year.”
“It’s okay Cas.” Gabriel interrupted gently. “Don’t worry about it. And for the record, I’ve always been interested in your dating life. I just kept out of it because, you know, it’s none of my business. The only reason that I was more involved this time around was because I figured you’d need a confidence boost after your history.”
Dean gave a relieved smile and laughed softly, the sound tinkling pleasantly in the quiet of the room and Cas felt himself smiling at the noise.
nothing,” Castiel corrected before realizing what he had done. Correcting the vocabulary of a man with a knife was not one of his better moves.
Then next time she turned around, Dean gave her a small smile and she let out a squeak and turned back around in her chair. Dean chuckled.
Dean turned around to find Cas standing in the door way of the kitchen, holding his half full glass.
Getting laid proved to be exactly what Gabriel needed. He got more work done in the last three hours of the parlor being opened than he had all week! And while he didn’t apologize for his previous attitude, not a big surprise there, he did say he’d close the parlor up himself so Dean could get ready for his date. An offer Dean quickly accepted.
Most of the time he avoided the hall where the Winchester’s rooms lay in case his footsteps were too loud and woke one of them up but tonight he felt compelled to forgo his usual route and head down that way, keeping his footsteps as soft as possible.
The light was on in the kitchen and someone’s shadow was moving behind the white lace curtains. They were light blue the last time he saw them, weren’t they?
Dean nearly choked. This was Cassie? The short kid with sensible shoes that Gabriel always joked about?
“You took it all,” Dean said, sounding breathless. “Would it be weird if I just proposed to you right now?”
A “Hobby” was apparently something a person took up to pass time. Sam gave him a list of things he thought Cas might enjoy doing.
“Despite this, you gave me your attention anyway. You wrote to me. I can’t tell you how much your letters mean to me. I kept them all you know. On the front when I couldn’t sleep I would reread them and imagine I was there beside you. I want to be beside you.” Dean swallowed harshly. “If you will have me.”
“Buck up. I’m sure he’ll be here.” Bobby said in the most optimistic tone he could manage. “Want something while you wait?”
It was by complete accident that he discovered knitting. During one of their jobs he and Dean were to interview an old woman who, at the time, was in the process of making a scarf for her granddaughter.
Cas trudged up the last few steps of the stairs, pulling his keys out of his pocket with a weary sigh before stopping.
“Please take off your pants and underwear and set them aside,” Cas said, turning to the gloves dispenser and sliding on a pair with an audible snap. He waited till the rustle of fabric had stopped before turning around to ask a question but the sight before him stopped him dead in his tracks.
“No one’s denying it.” Cas said coldly as he scooped the apple filling into the pie crust. “Do the tattoos have to match?”
After they had both screamed their lungs out, he had taken a drive, when he got back he found John unresponsive on the kitchen floor. He shakily told them about the hospital and the funeral, then told them about being in the bar and all of a sudden waking up here.
Sam walked out of the kitchen with a small, one-year-old sized cake that he placed in front of his son.
“Why where you in jail?” Cas asked, curiousity getting the better of him as he moved to slump down into the chair.
The bell on the front door jangled just as Dean was showing Cas some of his own personal tattoo designs and several voices could be heard from the show room.
“I’m afraid I’m making a habit of being late.” Cas admitted sheepishly, handing Dean a “#1 teacher” coffee mug.
Normally it didn’t take him a half an hour to get ready for a date, but Dean just couldn’t decide what to wear. He felt increasingly ridiculous as he changed his outfit every few minutes. At first the form fitting black shirt and jeans seemed a little too casual, but then his white button up and black slacks seemed too formal. He finally decided to go with his first outfit, but when he added a red plaid jacket, he realized his stubble made him look like a lumberjack so he decided to shave. Then he spent the next few minutes agonizing over how baby faced he looked.
It was the first time since Bobby gave Dean the “Talk” that the silence between them was this uncomfortable. Dean almost sighed in relief when Bobby spoke up.
Dean returned it with enthusiasm and slid an arm around his waist and one in his hair while Cas’ arms came up around his neck.
Dean waited patiently as Sam shifted around, tensing when a woman’s voice filtered through the speakers.
“I am so sorry.” He said as he slid into the spot across from him. “My car is getting repaired so I had to convince Gabriel to let me borrow his for a little while longer and you of all people know how difficult he can be.”
“I use to go there.” Dean said, keenly aware that Gabriel was watching their every movement despite pretending to check his phone.
“Contain yourself,” Dean said with a snort. He glanced up at Tyler whose knuckles were white from gripping the armrests and had his eyes scrunched shut, face twisted in an obvious grimace of pain. He shut off the tattoo machine. “You okay?”
“He….” What had happened to him? He never called, any attempts at calling him went straight to voicemail, and there was no one fitting his description that had turned up at the morgues in the past several years. It was as if he vanished into this air. Bobby swallowed harshly.
That night, Dean and Cas were snuggled together on the couch, eating out of a bowl of popcorn. Dean was languidly pressing kisses to the top of the shorter man’s head while Cas traced his fingertips over the tattoos on Dean’s forearm.
Castiel shot a glance at Sam, who was blowing up the mattress. He rolled his eyes at his brother before pulling his jacket tighter around him. “Hey Bobby, you might as well take a look at the furnace, sure doesn’t seem to be working.”
“You’re welcome,” Cas said, shifting nervously. “I, uh, I’d like to apologize once more, Mr. Winchester, for my- well, for the unprofessional way I acted when- when I, uhm. I’m sorry.”
“You’re an hour late.” Dean stated, turning back to the pale faced teenager whose ribs he was working on. His name was Tyler and he had wanted the skull so he could scare the living daylights out of his poor mother.
This wasn’t the first time he got stood up, but it was the first time he didn’t consider the possibility. He wouldn’t necessarily call himself a pessimist, he did prefer to look at the brighter side of things, but he always tried to acknowledge reality. And the reality was that people got stood up. But Dean had genuinely seemed interested in him, asked him out instead of the other way around, and he texted him the night before saying he couldn’t wait for the date, lulling him into a false sense of security.
“Cuddles are good,” Cas murmured, shifting around so they were spooning, him being the little spoon. He thought they would rest for only a moment before going their separate ways, or well Cas would leave and Dean would stay here. It was his apartment after all. But it almost sounded like Dean was falling asleep and Cas didn’t know if he was supposed to spend the night or slip out. He tried to carefully pull himself away but an arm slid around his waist.
Dean had planned all along to quit and come back once Azazel was killed, but that took years of hunting, tracking, and careful planning but they finally did it. They had finally gotten revenge.
Cas gasped as Dean struck his prostate hard and all of a sudden he was coming in between them in long spurts, not a hand on him. He choked out Dean’s name as he ground down on the other man’s dick.
The kitchen was small, only having enough room to have an oven, a small table, a refrigerator which was similar to the entry hall in that it was covered with drawings, and counter space enough to house a toaster, a coffee maker, a spice rack, and a set of knives.
Dean fell silent, pondering the offer while focusing on the crack he was creating in the skull. “Fine, I’ll do it.”
“It says here that you and your boyfriend have been in a committed relationship for nearly three years, may I ask why you feel the need to get tested?” Cas questioned, eyeing the file.
Cas sighed and looked around the ballroom. He had long ago learned to just tune Gabriel out when he was talking about his latest catch. Instead he chose to focus on the dancers.
She climbed out of her chair to stand up before taking a deep breath. “Tootoo artists draw on people’s skin and make it stay forever.”
Cas answered the door, looking flustered and sweaty. “Dinner’s going to be a little late.” He said right off the bat.
He located his keys and scribbled down a quick note for Bobby in case the older man returned early before heading out the front door.
When he opened Dean’s door he didn’t expect to be hit with a bright light and he didn’t expect there to be a towel shoved under the door, causing him to have difficulty opening it.
He didn’t know the severity of the deal Bobby had unknowingly made, Bobby claimed the only thing Crowley had mentioned was a date, but surely that wasn’t all he wanted? Time went on and the King of Hell never showed, Dean almost let himself believe that Crowley had forgotten.
Later Dean complained that his little learning session cost them valuable time to hunt down the monster, which in the end turned out to be a couple of kids playing a prank that had went too far. But shortly after, Dean showed up at the bunker with knitting needles, two bags of yarn, and several instruction manuals.
“Was it as bad as you thought it was going to be?” Sam asked as he handed Dean and Cas the last two pieces of pie. And from the looks of them, Gabriel had been picking at them when Sam wasn’t looking.
Dean was shaking again and he had the bed sheets gripped in his hands so tightly his knuckles were turning white.
It didn’t seem real. Finding John on the floor, the hospital, the funeral. It all felt like one big nightmare that he couldn’t wake up from. The only thing that felt real anymore was the solid weight of a whiskey glass in his hand and the burn as the liquid slide down his throat.
Castiel stared at the spot where the blonde had stood before moving over to the cooler. Inside was a small thing of milk, a couple readymade meals, the good kind, and even a little frozen pie, all nestled in a pile of ice.
Cas shook his head. “All you really have to do is explain what you do and answer a couple questions if they have any, which they probably will, I’ve been fortunate to get a class full of eager learners.” A small fond smile played on his lips and Dean felt his heart kick in his chest. “It starts at two but you’re scheduled to be the last so you don’t have to come in until a little later if you don’t want too…”
Dean’s fingers reached up to brush said tattoo before clearing his throat. “Its, uh, it’s an anti-possession symbol.” He tugged his shirt collar down a bit so they could see the rest of it. “It’s supposed to ward off evil spirits that might try to… uh… possess you.”
Dean felt his heart jump in his throat at the sound of Sam’s voice. He looked up to see his little brother looking livid but suddenly the expression dropped away.
Despite the fun he had with the knitting he still became restless during the nights and chose to take walks.
So i ended up with more than 7 chapters.. oops... I'm sorry about the long wait, my life has been so unbelievably crazy. It's sad the only reason I was able to sit down and write long enough to get this out was because I was sick :,( I'm better now and back working but hopefully I'll have the next chapter out soon. Special thanks to my bestie for beta'ing this and helping me with ideas and such. Luv u!
Dean glared at him as he scratched out his drawing. “If you just kept your mouth shut about that matching tattoo you got with Kali four years ago, you would be with Sam and not us.”
Mr. Winchester grinned.  “You don’t have to call me Mr. Winchester, call me Dean. And besides, you can drool over my cock any time.”
Cas hummed and scanned the file once more before setting it aside and walking over to the sink. “You put down that you are okay with a physical examination?” He asked looking over his shoulder as he thoroughly washed his hands.
“Lazy piece of…” Dean trailed off and focused on wiping down the fresh tattoo with antibiotic soap before covering it with a piece of saran wrap. “You know the drill.” He said, foregoing his usual speech on how to take care of it.
Ever since then his mind had been racing, trying to come up with a plan to get everyone out of the bunker long enough to have a peek and he think he had finally done it.
“That was ten years ago, Dean.” Bobby countered, approaching the subject delicately. “A lot has changed. Look he knows you were telling the truth now, I think you should give it a shot.”
They chatted about the weather and about Cas’ students and the parlor. After they finished eating, Dean showed Cas the tattooing equipment and jokingly offered to give Cas a tattoo “on the house”. Cas merely wrinkled his nose and asked for a rain check.
They chatted quietly while the mechanic spoke about his job and then the next person went up, a storekeeper with bright red hair then after her it was a nurse by the name of Blake. Some people would stay after their turn and some would leave. The mechanic and Blake stayed behind and were good company, but the storekeeper and Jo left right after they were done.
Both teens are having a hard time with their own rules of their relationship but they vowed they wouldn’t have sex until they got married so they’re both still virgins, the most they’ve ever done was a very heated makeout session and them dry humping till they both decided to stop before they went too far. Neither of them want to break that sacred promise, but it is hard controlling it, they will admit to themselves. Though they’d never say it to each other, it is hard, very hard.
“Alright, we’re here!” Dean announces as he pulls up into a wooded area with a giant rocky mountain sitting in front of them and as Cas looks up at it, he swears he sees some rocks crumble and fall down the mountain, he swallows and shakes himself, preparing for the climb, he’s not gonna let a little crumble of rocks falling stop him. They’ve done this lots before, they can do this too, no big deal.
“Work was slightly stressful but now I’m with you.” He says as Dean gets up, walking to stand in front of Castiel, runs his hands up Cas’ frame and pulls his jacket off. “Hmm, did you just get out of the shower?” Cas runs a hand through Dean’s damp hair and pulls him in for an open mouthed kiss when his hand reaches the back of his neck.
“Yea we can do that, I wanted to get some snacks anyway. Where we going, Walmart?” Dean replies and Cas hums in agreement, them both making their way to Dean’s Baby, a black 67 Chevy Impala that his dad gave to him once he turned 16 and Dean has treated the car like his own child ever since, he loves that car almost as much as he loves Castiel.
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come for us Cas.” Dean says in a sarcastic scared voice, chuckling after saying his bit, shoving his shorter boyfriend with his shoulder slightly making Cas stumble a bit but laugh with him.
They finish packing Dean’s stuff and whatever Cas had there and make their way out to the Impala with everything piled in their arms, shoving it in the trunk with heavy sighs escaping their lips in unison.
“Alright, just let’s make sure to take enough breaks so we don’t wear ourselves out.” Cas states as they climb carefully, squinting their eyes as the sun beams down on them in the mid afternoon.
“Can you hold me as I go up there, I’m kinda scared to do this.” Cas blushes as he speaks into Dean’s ear.
“You have to leave.” Mary says quietly and Dean’s face stills as his mother’s words filter through his brain. “Get your stuff and leave. You’re not welcome here anymore.” She says and lets go off Dean’s arm, it flopping down as Dean feels limp, hurt and like he’s been stabbed in the back, tears still streaming slowly from his mossy green eyes, now red from the crying.
“Cas?” Dean whines and grabs one of his lovers hands placing it on his hard-on that strains through the thong, his red and leaking tip sticking out at the top of the waistband.
“A cactus? I was thinking more like an actual animal, a fish or something? But yea a cactus is fine too, whatever you want is fine with me.” Dean says as he finally finishes his food and goes to grab more.
“Yep, guessing you’ve seen the ad in the papers?” Bobby asks nonchalantly as if he knew what Dean was about to ask the older man.
“Yea, great, we can do it.” Dean smiles with determination and clicks on a few things so they can purchase the apartment. “At least it’s close to school, that’s good. That also means it’s close to the college you’re going too! Awesome. We’re gonna be fine.” Dean smiles more confidently now and looks at Cas, who smiles just as much back, still holding onto one of Dean’s hands.
“Hm, well anyways, I’ll see ya when I see ya, I’ll probably call or text a day or two before I need you in by, that ok?” Bobby shakes himself from thought resting his bearded chin on his hand, getting to the end of the call so he can get back to work.
“Rock climbing? When did you book this?” Cas asks, trying to think of when Dean could have done such a thing.
“I love you, Dean.” Cas smiles wide and stands closer to Dean, now close enough to breath in his scent, a nice mix of motor oil, whiskey, woods and Dean’s natural musk, oh and maybe even some fancy cologne Cas thinks. Dean’s heart flutters at Cas’ words and gets butterflies everytime he says it. He looks at Cas and thinks he doesn’t want to spend his life with anyone else, and he wants it to stay that way, no matter what.
“Alright, we’ll pick up Cas, Gabe and Lucifer first and then Charlie since she lives closer to the theatre.” Dean mumbles mostly to himself as he drives down a few roads to get to his boyfriends house.
The day arrives where they can move in and the teens are glad that the apartment already comes with a bed frame and some random furniture; an old creaky couch, stove, microwave, fridge and the apartment has a public laundromat in the basement. The couch may have stains and be a little gross but nothing they can’t just cover with a sheet until they get some money to get a new one. The apartment is pretty small too, but it’s an alright size for the two of them for now, before they move what little of their stuff they have in the boys make the decision to do some deep cleaning first. Surprisingly the place doesn’t have rats or any kind of bugs so that’s a relief for them, there is a little mold here and there but nothing they can’t take care of. They do a deep scrubbing of the microwave, stove, oven, fridge, toilet, shower and sinks then move to take care of the mold which takes not as long as they thought it would, then they go to sweeping and dusting then lysoling what they can and throwing out old stuff and garbage that has been left from the previous tenants. It takes them nearly all day but they get it done and go and buy a mattress and box spring from a discount place so they have a place to sleep and they get a good deal and the mattress is actually really comfy to their surprise as they set it on the bed frame, laying down on it after their long day. They don’t even bother to put sheets or pillows on and they fall asleep out of exhaustion half on, half off the new mattress that is such a big contrast to the rest of the apartment, the dingy, dull boringness of the apartment making the bed look like the gates of heaven in comparison.
The blond haired man stood in the middle of the room, loosely gripping a knife in his hand with a dumbstruck look on his face. Green eyes met blue and the man motioned around. “Don’t tell me someone actually lives here.”
“Hey angel,” Dean said as Cas walked into the parlor. He leaned over the counter and gave the shorter man a quick kiss on the lips. “What did you bring us?”
“Well he missed out,” Cas said, tugging the other man’s jeans off completely, the underwear following quickly after. “Lube?” He asked, nibbling the sensitive skin of Dean’s neck.
Everyone had already arrived it would seem. Ty Lafitte was eating and keeping an eye on the football game displayed on the T.V., and Rowena, still beautiful as ever, was daintily sipping some dark concoction. Chuck let go of Bobby’s arm to stumble over to the table, throwing back a shot as if he wasn’t still a lightweight.
As Cas dismissed the children for recess, Dean crossed the room, his heart pounding the entire time.
Cas couldn’t quite fit it all in his mouth without triggering his gag reflex but he didn’t expect to be able to, what he couldn’t get at with his mouth he stroked with his hands. He felt Dean slip his hands into his hair, not pushing him down or anything just holding on while Cas’ mouth slid up and down his length.
Bobby humoured him. It had been a long time before anyone had really given him a second glance and he found it endearing, although he wasn’t sure what he did to catch the younger man’s attention in the first place.
“Oh good.” Cas said happily. “There will be someone waiting to lead you to my classroom just in case.”
Dean frowned. Sam had been real touchy recently, always throwing a hissy fit if Dean came anywhere close to his computer, whether he intended to use it or not.
Cas nodded, squeezing his eyes shut tight as he tried to calm down, both hands rested on Dean’s shoulder, holding him up. After a few moments, he gave an experimental roll of his hips, then another.
“I can show you the police records if you want.” Dean said quickly but Cas interrupted him with a loud snort of amusement.
Cas rolled his eyes at him. “Maybe you’re right.” He said hesitantly, before shutting the phone down.
“Dean did.” Dean stated. He paused again to turn and give Gabriel a sharp glare. “You know you could have called.”
Bobby nodded and pulled the plate out of the oven and added the last pancake to the stack. “Grab some plates will ya?”
“Are you free to, I don’t know, go out to eat or something?” Dean asked, giving him a hopeful smile. “With me.” He added for clarification.
Castiel stood rooted to his spot for a long while before letting out a breathy laughter. Of all the weird things that had happened to him that had definitely been one of the weirdest.
Cas licked his lips and lowered his head so he was hovering over the tip. “Now, I haven’t done this in a while so bear with me.” He said before sinking down on the length.
“Your shoes can go on the rug and your coat can go in here.” Cas said, skirting around him to open the closet door.
The older man and the taller one followed shortly after, carrying a TV and a DVD player that looked suspiciously like the ones Nick owned before they were stolen.
Cas fidgeted in his seat, scanning the faces of those in the restaurant eagerly. When the face he was looking for didn’t appear in the crowd of people that entered, he sighed softly and checked his watch.
Dean was lying on the bed, stroking himself in slow, lazy movements. “Sorry about that,” He said sheepishly.
Cas barely had time to get up before the door was shoved open and two people came in, dragging a table in with them.
Dean let out a snort. “It’s at one and it’s a Skype call, it’ll take you five, ten minutes, tops.” He stated.
Gabriel was leaning against the wall that shielded the tattoo chair from the showroom, a lollipop stick poked out of his mouth.
Cas stood before him in a navy blue sweater over a white button up, looking almost exactly like he did ten years ago, although the lines in his face were more pronounced and he hadn’t shaved in a couple of days. Surprise flashed across his face, almost like he didn’t expect Dean to be there.
Ty let out a shocked noise which he covered with a cough as Chuck jolted, knocking over Bobby’s tea. “A stripper?” He asked scandalized, lowering his voice as if anyone else in the loud bar cared. “Like… At a woman’s club?”
The man had vanished. The doorbell had never rang, there was no sign of him in the store, and in his place was a crisp twenty dollar bill.
Cas still wasn’t sure why Sam laughed when he first saw Dean wearing the beanie. He asked Dean about it and Dean said it was probably because of Cas’ color choice. But Cas hadn’t picked out the colors at all. Sam had been the one to choose the blue, purple, and pink yarn.
The man was beautiful; there was simply no other word for it. Long bowed legs, tanned skin, carefully styled hair, and the muscular form of a soldier. He had a glass of wine in hand and was chatting with another soldier, a woman with red hair.
Sorry this has taken so long to update. I didn't like the chapter I had written so I rewrote it multiple times. I promise I'll make it up to you guys some how!
“S’up to you, Cas.” Dean said, scratching his neck with the pencil. “Why? Did you have something in mind?”
Cas learned quickly that Dean was extremely thorough when it came to prep, which was very considerate, especially when he thought back to several of his past partners, but there was a point where it was no longer considerate and he was just being an ass.
“It was. They’re just getting around to it.” Dean said, snatching up a piece of chicken and laughing when Cas swatted at his hands. “They’re getting rainbow lollipops on their wrists. I did Gabe’s earlier.”
Sam shrugged. “Why not. The damage has been done.” He got up and picked up his wallet off the bedside and walked towards the door.
“What about something like this,” Dean asked, pushing his sketchpad across Cas’ kitchen table. On it was a rough sketch of a key and a lock.
Dean waved off Sam’s attempts at apologizing for his husband and instead took a long drink of coffee. It had been a long time since he drank anything that wasn’t in a Styrofoam cup or a shot glass.
“You talked for seven hours.” Dean said, cocking an eyebrow. “About what? You two literally have nothing in common.”
“It’s just, you’re not usually like this is all Lucy.” Charlie says with a bit of questioning in her tone. At that everyone makes a sound of agreement and slight confusion but decides to just be thankful and ignore the strange behaviour from their friend.
“Sure, get me some snickerdoodle cookies and an iced coffee please.” Cas responds as he looks over at Dean, smiling once again, not wanting to be mad anymore, well at least not at this moment.
He parks Baby in the garage and sighs, plating his hands on his thighs just breathing for a moment, then he notices beside him half on the floor half on the seat of the car, Cas trench coat. How could Cas forget his trench coat? He always has it on, oh well, Dean will just let him get it back when he’s over later tonight. Dean grabs the familiar coat, hops out of the car and walks in the garage door connected to the house, which is thankfully next to the basement stairs, which leads to his bedroom, he doesn’t think he could handle his dad right now. He is having a great day so far so he’d rather not fight tonight. He walks down the stairs entering his room and he strips off his flannel, boots and sets Cas’ coat on his computer chair then he throws himself on his bed, laying on his back and closing his eyes.
“You’re doing good, keep going Cas.” Dean says encouragingly and keeps a hold on Cas’ hips, much to Castiel’s appreciation. Cas climbs a little more and Dean moves his hands slightly away to see if Cas is ok but Cas protests.
“You said you always wanted to be a professor right?” Dean asks wearily, not sure why his hands get sweaty at his question. Cas nods and looks up at him with softness, making Dean have butterflies. “Well, I was thinking… maybe I could go to work and fix some cars or something to pay bills and you can go to college and get your degree for teaching?” Dean says with a smile on his lips as he looks as Cas, whose lips are parted.
Castiel then rubs the lube onto his cock, sighing at the feeling after being hard for so long and no stimulation, once he’s lubed enough to his liking he leans forward and puts the tip to Dean’s hole and pushes slowly. “Relax some more baby, you’re too tight.” Cas soothes and rubs a hand across Dean’s cheekbone and strokes Dean’s cock a few times til he breaches Dean’s hole. Dean groans from slight pain and pleasure as Cas’ dick finally slips in.
“Oh lighten up dude! Besides, movie night, and you know who is gonna be there…” Lucifer says cheerfully, making sure to whisper the last part since both Dean and Castiel are closeted about their sexuality and relationship, having not told their parents yet. Dean’s dad would probably disown him or kill him, and his mum would probably just be super disappointed and maybe kick him out or something, and well Cas’ dad is very religious and does not approve that stuff in any way. Cas sorta smiles at the slight mention of Dean and shrugs halfheartedly at his older brother's statement.
Dean makes his way, grabbing what Castiel had asked him for as well as some beef jerky, some twinkies and a bottle of Coke, balancing the things in his arms as he goes to the front of the store to pay.
“Are you guys done ogling at each other?” Lucifer asks in annoyance, his friends knowing he’s not actually annoyed, rolling his eyes as he asks, picking at his fingernails with a random dark red wood pocket knife he always has with him. They always wonder how he never gets caught with it at school.
“Fuck, I don’t know I just know mum is pissed at me, and I need to go upstairs asap.” Dean quickly says as he rushes around his room to find clean clothes jerking them on his body as fast as he can, fixing his hair a bit before telling Cas to stay in his room and be quiet, the green eyed boy skittering up the stairs like a squirrel as Cas sits nervously on Dean’s bed playing with his hands and shaking his leg from anxiety.
They pull up at Cas’ house and Dean leans over to Cas and puts a hand on his cheek to give him a sweet kiss on his lips. “I’ll pick you up around 9:30 ok?” Dean assures him as they pull away from each other so Cas can go in his house.
“So, shall I buy more lingerie?” Dean asks with a smile as Cas looks up at him, settling on his elbows.
“Don’t worry Dean, we’ll figure something out. We’ll be ok. I promise you.” Cas says reassuringly as he hugs Dean from the leather seat of the car, Dean parking in the parking spot of the Krushnic’s house. Thankfully no one is home and they go in and out quickly with Cas’ stuff, also thankful Cas doesn’t have much he wanted to take as there’s not much room in the car.
Cas lays them both on the bed and rolls his erection into Deans a few times as he kisses down his collarbone and chest. He runs his hands from Dean’s chest down to his hips then up again, taking the dress part of it with him, kissing up his belly, making Dean squirm.
“Alright, see you later Dean.” Cas smiles and shuts the door waving his hand bye as he walks down the sidewalk to his front door, Dean giving a short wave back, smile on his lips as well. As Castiel shuts the door Dean then drives himself home, hopefully his dad is still busy drinking or something so he doesn’t have to explain where he’s going tonight.
“Walmart?” Dean quirks his head a little to the side to look at Cas who is already looking at him and he just simply nods and Dean goes the quickest route to their destination as it will close soon.
“Yea?” Cas responds, settling comfly next to Dean, smelling in his scent, relaxing and calming himself as well.
“So I heard you got a job.” Cas startles Dean as he puts his hands on Dean’s shoulders jerking him out of a dreamless nap at the table in the school library, drool dripping down one corner of his mouth, his hand coming up quickly to wipe it off. Cas giggles at the sight and covers his mouth with a hand, making Dean roll his eyes and sit up in his seat and slightly turn to Castiel.
“It was actually really good, you’re an amazing pillow.” Dean laughs and they make their way out of the cave to start climbing again.
“DEAN! GET UPSTAIRS RIGHT NOW!” Dean’s mother, Mary Winchester, yells with her whole chest from upstairs, Dean recoiling knowing something bad has happened or that he’s undeniably in deep shit. Dean jumps out of bed no doubt waking Cas up as he makes an odd noise and shuffles in the bed, moving to get up as well.
“I’m stopping for gas and some snacks for the rest of the ride there, you want anything?” Dean asks as he parks the car next to a pump at a self-serve, a scrawny young man running out to pump the gas for them as Dean pulls out a 20 bill and hands it to the man with a little thanks.
“I’m kinda scared now.” Cas says and fakes a shiver of fear laughing afterwards. “I have a polaroid.”
“Cas!” Dean yells over the many other voices of the teens of Sioux Falls High, waving his hand over the crowd of bodies surrounding him and the table he sits at with his and Cas’ friends; Sam Winchester, Dean’s younger brother of four years and dreams of the day he can go to Stanford and become a lawyer, Charlie Bradbury, a nerdy redhead with a bubbly personality and is openly lesbian, Lucifer Novak, Cas’ older brother (who was held back a year for not doing his work, which is now being done due to Cas tutoring him) Lucy for short, who is kind of chaotic at times and has a dark personality, very suiting for his name and is currently trying to get Sam and Gabriel together with the help of Dean and Cas, and last but not least, Gabriel Novak, Cas’ younger brother brother by four years, same age as Sam, he is a very goofy, candy loving well, trickster.
Dean says pulling his phone out and dialing the number of a man named “Bobby Singer” from the ad in the paper under “Singers Automotive” and a few rings go by before a slightly gruff voice of an older man comes through the receiver saying, “Singer Automotive, how may I assist you today?”
“Dea- oh sorry, hey um, do you think you could drop me off at Gabe’s after the movie, we’re gonna have a sleepover…” Sam mumbles looking anywhere but at his brother.
“Dean, can I…” Cas whispers breathily onto Dean’s open panting mouth, asking an unspoken question they both know the answer to.
It’s around 7pm or so when they eventually come upon a cave-like dip, they climb up into it and take a rest. “What kind of sandwich do you want?” Dean asks from across the small cave, holding up a chicken sandwich and a turkey one, teetering them in his hands like he’s weighing the options.
“Sure Dean, can we get some snacks before going to your’s? I’ve been craving berries and whip cream.” Cas smiles slightly thinking of the fun night he’ll have with his friends and his boyfriend. They both hop down off the last step like they always do and laugh a little then continue making their way out of the building, squeezing against other teens in a fight to be the first ones out of the school.
“Sure, we all like horror. Ok guys we’re going to see Polaroid, it starts at 10pm so be ready by 9:30 so I can pick you guys up.” Dean announces and everyone agrees nodding their heads.
“Alright let’s get this started!” Jody says enthusiastically into the microphone with a smile on her face and everyone starts clapping. Jody goes through the names of graduates and then comes up to calling Charlie’s name and as she hears her name be called she jumps up from her seat and runs up to the stage and accepts the certificate with great appreciation and shakes Jody Mills and Donna Hanscum’s hand as she exits the stage and walks back to her seat. As she sits down Dean, Castiel and Lucifer all smile and congratulate her. As Jody lists off more names she comes to the Krushnic children, first calling up Castiel. He looks over at Dean in surprise and Dean smiles big at him ushering him to go up on stage so Cas just about runs up there, accepts the certificate, shakes Jody and Donna’s hand and skips back to the friend group them all congratulating him and Cas even cries a little out of happiness, next Lucifer goes up, not as enthusiastic as Cas but he is happy and when he comes back with the rolled paper Cas cries more, being so proud of Lucy, embarrassing him a little, but Cas doesn’t care he’s happy. When Dean’s name is called and after he gets his paper and takes his seat again Cas hugs him hard and cries, once again, all over Dean’s gown making a small wet patch on the upper chest area, Dean just hugs his boyfriend and soothes him, calming him down.
They arrive at Charlie’s and she is already waiting outside for them when they get there, she runs up and get into the car, already in a bubbly mood, like she usually is. “So, I see Sam and Cas have overnight bags… does this mean something will finally happen, if ya know what I mean.” Dean and Cas see Charlie wink through the mirror and Dean rolls his eyes laughing breathily.
“Dean, stop and let me get a picture of us all for memories.” Cas says estaticly as he whips out his phone and asks the next person who comes down the hall to take a photo of the group of teens. Castiel thanks the man with a scruffy beard who nods as a your welcome, after the picture is snapped and takes his phone back looking at the picture with a smile, happy with the outcome.
“Dean, thank you.” Cas almost jumps as he goes to kiss Dean quickly so as to not run them off the road. Even if Cas feels guilty to get his dream job before Dean, he is overly appreciative of what Dean is sacrificing for him.
“Ya know one day we’re both gonna have heart attacks due to the amount of bacon and grease we consume.” Cas quirks his brow, looking at Dean, already three fourths of the way done his breakfast, Cas finally taking a bite of his.
“Hahaha.” Cas laughs sarcastically. “We’re not doing anything, stop thinking like that guys.” Cas says and continues his way to his room, grabbing his messenger bag and slipping off his shoes before going upstairs and into his bedroom.
“Shit, what’s happening?” Castiel asks with sleep lacing his voice as he pulls on some clothes from his duffle bag and not bothering to make a move to fix his hair.
They pull into a parking space and Dean cuts the engine, letting everyone out of the car and locking it once everyone has exited the 67 Chevy. “Alright so this is my treat for everyone so no one’s paying but me, ya hear!?” Lucifer speaks up as they enter the building, making everyone turn in shock at the sudden act of kindness from Lucy, the usual mean, menacing, rude and selfish guy he is. “What? I can’t be nice once in a blue moon?” Lucy snaps folding his arms in annoyance, scuffing his black and red converse on the tile floor.
“Want me to fuck you now Dean?” Cas asks as he moves a finger to rub against Dean’s hole that starts to flutter when his finger circles it.
“There’s no bars here, what happens if we get into trouble and need to call someone?” Cas worries as he exits the Impala and raises his phone into the sky, as if that’ll get him some reception.
“Sure Dean, anyway, are we sleeping  here for the night or continuing?” Cas asks as he puts his things back into his backpack.
“Hey, you remember the first time we did rock climbing?” Dean asks as he takes the last bite of his sandwich, his cheeks looking like a chipmunk as he chews. Cas nods still eating his food. “Heh yea, I remember you were so scared, I had to hold you on the indoor wall. You wouldn’t let me let you go.” Dean sighs in nostalgia and smiles up at Cas as he reminisces.
“Sorry it’s just, I don’t know I feel off at the moment.” Cas admits and leans his face on his hand leaning in on the island top.
“Don’t use your fingers, just your cock please.” Dean asks and Cas just about moans and goes for a kiss.
As he gets to the point of not feeling anything is when he puts the bottle away and runs his hand through Cas’ messy hair, trying to ground himself from this floating feeling of nothing. He always needs something to ground himself. Cas is his ground. Cas keeps him grounded. Dean sighs and keeps his hand in his husband's hair, letting himself know he’s still here. That Cas is still here, even if he might not have Cas if he finds out. That’s a deep seated fear in Dean’s mind that is always on his mind no matter what, that Cas will find out he’s been lying about being sober for two years and Cas will say fuck him and leave him, and not let Dean get better or give him another chance or help him. He will leave him, Dean doesn’t want Cas to leave him. So why does he keep doing this?
Castiel opens his closet and searches for something nice to wear for the movies and to stay at Dean’s. He grabs a small duffle bag from the bottom corner of the closet and shoves a pair of jeans, an old band tee of Led Zeppelin Dean gave him when they first started dating, (it’s Dean’s favourite band) a pair of underwear and some socks. Cas also grabs a pair of light wash mom style jeans and a green sweater vest to put over his white long sleeve polo along with a darker green tie to pull it altogether, to match Dean’s eyes (Cas loves to dress up and look good for his boyfriend and to make his outfits look as best he can) and steps back from the closet to change, also grabbing a pair of dark green high top Doc Martens. (his favorite shoe company, he even got Dean to start wearing them)
However, their moment didn't last very long because Jack was shouting, "Guys?" in a worried tone of voice and Rowena was calling for "Samuel."
"Sam Winchester," Eileen interrupted, one eyebrow raised and a gorgeous, mischievous twinkle in her eye, her hands effortlessly forming the words. "Are you asking me to move into my house?"
I just found out about the #TheirLoveWasReal challenge yesterday (b/c #DeanCasWedding was trending and I was DYING) and the Day One prompt (Carry On, Canonverse) really gave me the motivation to write the fix-it for 15x20 I've had in my head. So, I banged this entire fic out in like 8 hrs, proofed it today, and will post the first two chapters tonight and have the last two up tomorrow.
Jack shook his head, his face unreadable, but he stepped back so he was in between the Winchesters. "We can be in harmony without being in the same place," he said simply. "I think I want to live a little on Earth. I still haven't gotten a speeding ticket yet." It was said with the cadence of an inside joke, though Sam had no idea what he was talking about. (The kid wanted a speeding ticket?) But Dean huffed out a short laugh nonetheless, causing Jack to grin slightly. "I'm a Winchester...I'm going with my family."
Because Sam could think of two people who had been waiting to get together for longer than Jody and Donna. And their names started with a "De" and ended in "stiel."
"It's okay, Sammy," Dean said, patting the larger man's head like he was a small child, although Jack didn't miss the fond smile Dean exchanged with Castiel. "We're back. We're home."
"Come on, don't you want to say hello to your Auntie Rowena?" She purred with a smirk, opening her arms wide.
He was scared, however, that the love he had for Dean, for humanity, would be twisted into something ugly and hateful like Lucifer's love for his father was.
Because there was nothing. No mention of Nick's spell. Nothing on the Empty...no way to get there, no way to pull someone out.
," Rowena emphasized the last word with a smirk, rolling her eyes when Sam and Dean fixed her with matching glares. "Oh, don't get all riled up, I promised him a nice, cushy administrative job for the information, and he was more than happy to cough up the spell. Quite simple really."
"Yes," Dean ground out, his face stony but Jack thought his eyes looked bright, almost like he was about to cry, and he let go of the jacket reluctantly.
In this chapter, be prepared for what is probably a super cliche Destiel reunion, but I couldn't help myself, I wanted some classic Destiel callbacks damn it! Also, this is what I would want 15x20 to be if the writers could actually let the characters talk to each other as the climax of the show instead of a pointless vamp fight (*side eyes actual 15x20*)
And, yes, there's a ring he bought in 2005 for another woman sitting heavy in his pocket, but he's starting to think it always belonged to Eileen. He just hadn't known it then.
Thankfully, he was distracted from trying to eavesdrop on Sam's phone call by Eileen staggering into the library, wearing a too big flannel shirt Dean recognized as one of his brother's and her hair a rat's nest of tangles.
Here is a quick prologue to fix the end of Inherit the Earth and to better tie into my fix-it for the finale.
"She's great...trying to sleep in." Sam laughed, "She, uh, threatened to sleep in another room if I insisted on getting up at five every morning to run."
"I'm not letting you risk that, man," Dean shook his head, a tear falling from one eye. "And Cas..." his voice broke, and Sam (not for the first time) wondered what had gone down that day Cas was taken to the Empty.
But, he was yanked out of the nice daydream by the spike of dread and a not insignificant amount of fear that stabbed at him as Bobby turned his attention to Dean.
open because all he could see was the never-ending darkness of the Empty. Although, before he could let himself sink any further into despair, the footsteps sounded again, and just for that fact, Castiel knew it wasn't the Empty. It would just appear when it wanted something from him.
Sam shook his head and rolled his eyes, because he wasn't "past his prime" quite yet, and he knew that trying to get Dean to stop minimizing his worth was useless. Plus, when he tried to brush off big emotional moments with sarcasm, he was really trying to say the exact opposite.
Castiel nodded, sure of his choice in a way that he hadn't been sure of anything since he marched into Hell to find the Righteous Man. But, for the briefest of moments, where Dean didn't speak, he realized that they had been talking for quite some time, and the Empty should be close. And, for all he knew of Dean and his soul, he was unsure of what he was going to say.
And every mistake he had made since that first Fall back when they were only fighting their first apocalypse, was trying to stop himself from Falling. Consuming the souls in Purgatory to become God, working with Metatron and shutting the gates of Heaven, cannibalizing Grace from his own siblings...all of it was because he was terrified of becoming human. (Of the
Dean ruffled the kid's hair as he released him, "I'm gonna' bring your other dad back too, no matter what."
I'm fairly new to the fandom, the infamous Nov. 5 Twitter trend brought me in although I had some awareness of Destiel and SPN at the edges of my fandom. So, I watched the finale live having only seen 6.5 episodes, then watched a 15 year show in 3 months, and got more and more pissed at 15x20 as I watched more of the show.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Dean wince at Cas's name (Sam still didn't know what had happened when Cas summoned the Empty, his bother was being his usual brand of stubborn, repressed, alcoholic, tight-lipped-ness about the subject), and even Amara was staring at Dean.
on the table top. He grinned thinly, appreciating the gesture nonetheless, because they had all been working around the clock, trying to find ways into the Empty. Eileen had called in her hunter contacts in Ireland to help with the research and was keeping Sam from feeding off of Dean's paranoia and spiraling.
Max and Alicia Banes were looking at Rowena with bright eyes, clearly soaking up some of the elder witch's vast knowledge.
"We'll get Gabriel back," Sam promised, and Jack hoped he wasn't lying, that there were a few more miracles left for them. He wanted to get to know his Uncle Gabe, he seemed fun. "We have the spell now, we'll find something of his, and we'll get him back...Crowley too."
Looking up, he rolled his own eyes and took a sip of whiskey as Sam and Bobby had a silent conversation—probably about him and his inability to express or communicate emotions effectively—right in front of him. Sam totally bitchfacing what was his, "
Jack looked at Rowena nervously, still trying to wake up. He had been practicing controlling whatever God-powers he had, seeing if he could wake Cas again like he did the first time Cas went to the Empty, but he had no way to tell if it was working or not. And by the time he had become exhausted, practically fainting on his bed, it was well past three in the morning.
He even knew a bit of sign language to talk to Eileen, making her laugh so hard she had to sit down because apparently, he only knew the curse words and a few dirty phrases. This, however, led to Dean once again telling Bobby that he's awesome with an adoring look on his face.
He saw Cas's face fall, and his stomach sank down to somewhere around his knees, wondering if he wanted to stay. After all, he would just be a lowly ape without his Grace, shackled to a forty-one year old borderline functional alcoholic who had no reason to deserve a literal angel.
Dean's in the Empty, but he still doesn't know if Cas wants to risk losing his Grace to escape, while the rest of Team Free Will 3.0 wait with bated breath.
Jolting upright, Dean jerked awake. "I'm up, I'm up," he grumbled blearily, wiping at his eyes. It took a minute to orient himself, but he recognized the shelves of the bunker's library, and there was a laptop with a dark screen in front of him.
," Amara repeated, her tone brokering no argument. "Chuck had millennia to hone his powers and control to such a degree, and with Jack's human side...you can't know what the consequences will be."
Hope sprung in his chest, wondering against all the odds, if someone had found a way into the infinitely old cosmic entity.
"Shit, those girls were right about the melodrama," he muttered, so quietly Sam wasn't sure he had heard him right. But he raised his head, fixing Sam with an open look—so many vulnerabilities were on his emotionally repressed brother's face it was almost unnerving. "Look...Eileen, she's great, man, and she's perfect for you."
Unable to believe his eyes, Dean strode over to Cas, pulling him into a tight embrace, his hands fisting the back of Cas's trench coat. He wanted to bury his face in Cas's neck and never let him go. Arms came up to encircle his own shoulders, and Dean just pulled Cas closer, feeling his eyes start to burn with tears.
Anyway, feel free to comment and kudos if you enjoyed, I love reading any and all comments (even if they're just rants about 15x20).
"Dean," Sam tried to interject, but his brother just turned to him, his eyes wide and watery in a way Sam hadn't seen in years.
"Aren't I always?" Dean joked. Not his best material, but it got Sam to crack a grin as Eileen gave him a hug too.
Sam and Dean both nodded, and Dean knows that neither of them have any plans for kicking the can anytime soon. In fact, they're both looking forward to the exact opposite.
Jack believed that they would, he wanted to pray that they would but he felt a little silly because technically
Sam tapped Eileen on the shoulder so she would turn around to see the witch, Jack sitting up straight.
As promised, here is the next chapter in my finale fix-it fic for the #TheirLoveWasReal challenge! It still counts if it's just past midnight, right??
(He tried not to think about how many times they had seen angels burning up from the inside, their Grace coming out of their eyes and mouths, wings burning onto whatever surface they landed.)
He had stopped carrying the ring in his pocket when Jess burned, but he kept it. Tucked it away in a box of forgotten memories. But he had found it again last night, hidden under a flyer for the retirement home where he had first met Eileen. (And he didn't believe in fate or destiny anymore, but that was one hell of a coincidence.)
Sam stopped and it felt like the air had been sucked out of the room, Rowena ducking her head to study the flickering flame in front of her. They all knew the answer to his question, Eileen was even willing to bet Jack himself knew, but no one wanted to say it out loud.
"How's Eileen?" He asked, and it wasn't just a distraction technique—the hunter was badass and way better than Sam deserved. (And he meant that in the fondest terms.) Plus, it was a bonus to see his brother blush like a schoolgirl.
"What are you doing back?" Dean asked, and Sam couldn't help but notice the slight tremble of fear in his big brother's voice. He never talked about the extent of the hold Amara had over him, but he knew it wasn't something he liked to be brought up.
For the next half hour, it was a whirlwind of introducing Bobby to their new friends, and old friends' new partners (like Bess and Donna). Although, it was amazing to watch as Donna just hugged Bobby tightly, the old grouch looking completely unsure of what to do, Jody smiling fondly at her old friend, her eyes shining with affection for the blonde sheriff.
Stepping forward, he gave Rowena a quick hug, and based on the way she hesitated to actually wrap her arms around Jack's shoulders, he had a feeling she wasn't expecting the hug.
Even though Dean was pretty sure the kid was technically God now, he still looked like a grumpy teenager in the morning—his hair a wreck and eyes practically closed as he stumbled into the room.
He moved to sink down to sit on the mattress. “Gabriel I’m sorry, I jumped to conclusions.” Cas said wearily. “You… you just were so interested, and you’re never interested in my dating life and I guess-.”
Dean swore. He couldn’t blame the kid for locking it as Dean did have an issue with personal space. He pulled out his lock picks and made quick work of the door. He located the loose floorboard and tugged it up with ease, thrilled to see that the computer was still there and slightly disgusted to see that one of Sam’s “Special things” were missing. God he didn’t need those images.
When questioned he grew tense and muttered something about not wanting a virus on his computer again before picking up the laptop and carrying it away to put it in its designated hiding place.
Something between them shifted and there was a tension in the air, fueled by anticipation and the hint of promise in Dean’s tone and Cas smiled slow, eyes flitting to the bed.
Gabriel felt a lump in his throat. “Of course.” He croaked out, accepting the hand Dean held out for him.
How he managed to get to Cas’ house on time was beyond him. After checking himself out once more in the window of the Impala he walked up the cracked cement side walk and knocked on the emerald green door of the small two-bedroom house.
This was the fifth time he and his old high school friend group had gotten together - and anniversary type thing to catch up and reminisce - and each time he left wishing he never showed up.
Gabriel gagged and Sam rolled his eyes. “You guys can head out, Gabriel and I will keep an eye on the shop.”
The kids in Cas’ class seemed to be about eight years old and listened to him with rapt attention, all except one little girl in the back row, she was freckle-faced with wire-rim glasses and she kept twisting around to get a look at Dean.
“Alright class, this is our last speaker for the day, so let’s pay really close attention to what he has to say.” Cas looked back and smiled at Dean, his blue eyes twinkling warmly as he beckoned him to come up to the front.
“I do a lot of carpentry in my spare time,” Cas said, raising up and angling Dean’s cock with his hand.
At least Dean married Cas. Gabriel decided as he stumbled back to his room with a blonde companion that bore a striking resemblance to the groom.
“I said forget it!” Dean snapped. He sucked in a calming breath and gave the older man a small smile. “Now how about those pancakes?”
“I don’t want to hear it!” Tears were rolling down his cheeks. He sucked in a deep breath and gave Dean a look of pure and utter loathing. “Get your stuff out of my house, give me my key, and don’t you ever come back.”
"What the hell is happening?" Dean demanded, but Sam could only watch as Jack straightened up and then a bright, white light filled his vision.
Thankfully, the light died, and Sam removed his arm with caution, and felt a wave of relief wash through him when he saw Jack curled up on the ground. His chest was moving shallowly, but his eyes were open and blue. Normal blue.
Cas slid the pie into the oven and sat down next to Dean, eyes scanning the notebook. He beamed. “It’s beautiful.” He said, pressing a kiss to Dean’s cheek and then to his lips.
Most of them were soldiers, from privates to generals, all from his father, King Novak’s army. They had been brought to the royal palace to celebrate their latest victory over the Kingdom of Infernum.
Dean groaned. God, he didn’t need those images in his head. Tyler’s brief face of disgust showed he shared Dean’s sentiments. “I’m not covering for you”
“Oh,” Cas said, looking disappointed. “Well, if you change your mind, you know where the key is, just come on in.”
For a moment, Castiel was kicking himself for not thinking about calling before he remembered he didn’t have a phone.
“So good,” Cas moaned out. “I missed this.” He could feel his orgasm rising already, not that it really surprised him he just wished he could hold out longer.
“You stole a whole ass bed out of someone’s house and you go down for a teddy bear?” Cas asked with disbelief coloring his tone.
He grit his teeth and opened his door, taking care not to slam it and ruining the hinges, before yanking his phone out of his pocket and dialing Gabriel’s number.
“I’m ready for the next one,” Cas told the girl at the station before discarding his gloves in the trash can.
“Tattoos, Vicki. And while that is a very good description I do believe there’s a bit more to it than that. Mr. Singer, would you mind explaining what you do?”
Dean hung back as the children were being led out. The chubby haired blonde girl left with the mechanic, excitedly asking if she could get a tattoo when she got older, the shaggy haired boy left with a woman who was dressed in a suit and barely looked up from her cell phone, and Vicki ran over quickly and shyly thanked Dean before rushing off with the group that was headed for the bus stop.
“Almost finished!” Gabriel called from his booth. The buzzing of the tattoo machine was still going strong.
Cas held extremely still. He could feel himself teetering on the edge and it would be a shame to end this moment so quickly, especially when he wasn’t sure he was ever going to get the chance again.
Cas stood by the door and exchanged goodbyes and high-fives with each of the kids and shook hands with a few of the adults. After the last child left he looked up at Dean curiously. “Is there something I can help you with?”
Cas smiled then turned to the class. “Next question, and let’s make sure they’re related to tattoo artists, okay?”
Dean sat staring at the clock, watching, waiting. If Sam had forgotten something while he was thirty minutes out, he would turn back and get it but any more than thirty minutes and he would leave it, unless it was something he desperately needed.
As he glanced over it, Dean snuck a look at Bobby, who had his eyes narrowed at Cas with an unreadable expression on his face.
They sat in awkward silence, sipping their coffee and looking at each other when the other person wasn’t paying attention.
At first Sam and Gabriel tried to talk Dean into staying with them and the kids, wanting him to spend as much time with his niece and nephew as possible but Dean declined in favor of staying with Bobby.
Dean paused at his front door. “Stay at school.” He finally said, putting down a bag so he could open the front door. “I’ll call you if I need you.”
Dean quickly shut his mouth and leaned seductively against the counter. “What can I do for you?” He questioned, giving his best flirtatious smirk.
Dean briefly explained how the tattooing process worked: The sketching, the lining, the actual tattooing, and then the after care and never being one for public speaking, Dean was stammering on nearly every word but the kids listened respectfully with eager eyes.
Dean took his time in prepping the area on Cas’ arm where they had decided to put the tattoo which was a few inches below his shoulder. He took extra care in transferring the tattoo stencil onto Cas’ skin before leaning up and pressing a kiss to Cas’ clammy cheek.
“I was hoping you’d like to come to my house and have some coffee.” Cas stated, holding the strap of his briefcase tightly with both hands, a sign of nervousness.
Bobby survived 5 more football stories, 3 more drinks, and 1 drunk Chuck Shurley nearly passed out against him before he finally caved and excused himself to get some air.
“Oh Jesus,” Dean groaned out, running a hand through the mess on his stomach before clutching Cas tightly around the middle and thrusting hard into him.
Gabriel glanced at the clock and snorted. “At 2 in the morning? That’s a fuck boy text if I ever saw one. And trust me, if anyone knows anything about fuck boys it’s me. I’d ignore him.” He said moving to put a fist full of chips in his mouth, chomping on them loudly.
He was not in his motel room and there was a little girl in front of him, staring at him with curious brown eyes.
“It’s alright,” Cas said as he stepped in. He hung his trench coat up next to Dean’s jacket and looked around.
Sam smirked. “Yeah there is. And if you’re getting this freaked out over a fluffy one I suggest you stay away from the one titled ‘
Dean nodded slowly before picking up the tattoo machine and turning it on. “This is your last chance, buddy.”
Ty grinned at that and raised his drink for Bobby to clink his own against in toast before continuing on.
Dean pawed around the bed, searching for something. There was the soft ‘click’ of a cap snapping open and shortly after a lubed finger was circling Cas’ hole, relaxing the muscle before pressing in.
The room was too silent for Dean’s liking, but he didn’t feel like turning on the tv again. A car ride sounded like a good idea. Yeah, a drive around town in Baby with rock blaring from the speakers sounded wonderful. Maybe he’d even stop by the nursing home and see Vicki’s grandmother.
He had walked into the barn twelve years ago, naïve and blinded by faith. But looking into Dean Winchester's eyes, he knew there was more to humanity than his brothers and sisters believed.
He stepped back reluctantly, but not completely, since he left one hand on Cas's shoulder before letting it drop. "Look," he started, talking quickly, "we don't have a lot of time, but...we can get you out if you want. But," he winced internally at this next part, knowing it would hurt Cas, "your Grace has to stay here. It'll trick the Empty into thinking you're still here, but you,
Their lips slid gently over each other for the briefest of moments before Eileen pulled back. Keeping her forehead resting against his, although she made sure he could see her hands, she pulled her fingers into an undeniable sign.
Jack ducked his head, wishing there was more he could do to help the Winchesters, to help Castiel. Even with all these powers, he was still useless, just a child who couldn't do anything.
Next up, we're diving into 15x20, although it will basically be nothing like the finale we got (which I hope is a good thing).
Looking over at Sam, Eileen couldn't help but feel a little selfish, hoping that she wouldn't have to let Sam jump into the portal after his brother and best friend. It seemed like they had just found a rhythm after losing so much time (dying really put a damper on the possibility of a relationship) and she didn't want to lose it.
"So, what? That's it?" Dean shouted, his voice angry as he turned to Jack. "Chuck said he brought Cas back a crapload of times before, so
"Never thought you'd hear yourself say that, huh?" Dean quipped, taking the plate to hide from Sam's annoyingly knowing expression. Because not even three days ago, his little bro had found him passed out in the library using a half-filled bottle of whiskey as a pillow, and he had woken up with a hangover headache instead of a stress-induced one.
Castiel studied the man in front of him, the one struggling with words, tripping over his own tongue in an effort to say what Castiel desperately hoped he wanted to hear.
He caught Jack's eye, hoping to share some of the excitement and relief, to maybe thank the kid again (
Dean just looked down, clenching his hands around his whiskey glass so tightly his knuckles turn white, because he hasn't actually kissed Cas yet. The second they landed in the library, Cas human once again, he couldn't find the strength in himself to forget his father's words and fists.
And when they finally drifted apart with great reluctance, the noise filtering back in, Dean realized that Donna was catcalling them, and there were several people applauding, and Claire was shouting, "Fucking
"Uh, I guess," he finally said, his cheeks burning with the slightest bit of embarrassment. "If that's alright, you know, with you."
(He really needed to thank those high school girls for coming up with a shorthand for referring to the two idiots.)
But Cas just smiled, "Every time I Fell, it was because I loved humanity more than I loved Heaven. I don't regret Falling, I never did. I...I regretted not being able to help you."
" only to get hushed by Jody for the bad language (but then Kaia was kissing her to make up for it).
Holding out his hand, Dean didn't even blink as Rowena used a dagger to cut a neat line in the center of Dean's palm. Once his blood dripped on top of his jacket, right on top of Cas's handprint, the one that so matched the burn on his shoulder (the burn itself had faded, but sometimes Dean could still feel the imprint there, like his very soul was branded), Jack stepped up, healing his hand easily.
"Cas," Dean started again, "he made a deal last year, like an idiot of course," although he said 'idiot' with such fondness it wasn't an insult anymore, "to save Jack. So that the Empty...it would come when he was happy, truly happy."
Sam just clapped Dean and Cas on the back, beaming from ear-to-ear and Jack was dancing around with Alex, the two of them holding one of Garth's kids between them.
"Now," he started in that gruff tone of his that left no room for argument. "If you haven't given some utterly sappy, chick flick worthy speech to that angel of yours, I
But neither bought that, Sam leveling him with a classic bitchface and Bobby rolling his eyes so hard, Dean thought they were gonna' get stuck that way.
he was right about Dad. But if that was true, why had it taken Dean so long to accept it? Trying as hard as he was to stop listening to John's voice in his head.
Thank you so much to everyone for reading! There's one more chapter that I will hopefully have up by later tonight.
, his wings staining the asphalt, hopefully not searing themselves onto the Impala. He knew Dean would never be able to drive the car again if he had the reminder of wings on his baby.)
Because if the question was keeping his Grace to stay in the Empty or losing it to live a life with Dean...there was no choice at all.
With a sigh, Dean stepped forward to wrap an arm around the kid, patting him on the back once before stepping back. "That took guts, kid...giving up Heaven for a crappy life with two past their prime hunters."
"And that angel," Bobby continued, "he's about as good as it gets, so take the love while you still can." He sighed, actually looking down, and when he spoke again, his voice was tinged with something that could only be described as 'affection.' "Ellen and I...we're happy in Heaven, don't get me wrong, but...I still wish I had more time here with her, you know? It's different up there, perfect. But love ain't always perfect."
"I missed ya, ya idjits," Bobby muttered fondly, gripping the back of Sam's flannel with one hand and cupping the back of Dean's head with the other.
"Yeah, I guess we need to go pick her up, fill everyone in," Sam sighed, mentally starting a list of all the phone calls he was going to have to make.
"It's okay," Sam assured her, gripping Eileen's hand tight. All four faces were watching the portal with expressions of varying degrees of fear and hope there. "They're gonna' make it."
"Thank you, Dean," Amara moved to lay a hand on Dean's arm but he shifted out of reach. "I won't be like Chuck, I promise. No more stories or strings."
If you liked this, please feel free to leave a comment or kudos, I appreciate every interaction I get.
"Yeah," he finally breathed, turning back to Bobby and Dean, a slight smile on his face. "I, uh, I will. And," his voice caught in his throat but he pushed through, "can you tell her...?"
"Heaven could use some work," Dean supplied, shifting on his feet when all three turned to him. "What? She's just as powerful as Chuck and you heard C...you know Heaven's all screwed up. She deserves a chance to use her power for good."
"How are you, you know...alive again?" Sam asked, because as much as he hated to admit it, Amara was right. She did help them trap Chuck, and maybe she did deserve a second chance, the opportunity to right some of her brother's wrongs. (And some of her own wrongs too.)
"He told me a bunch of crap...half of it I'm not even sure I believe," Dean's mouth tugged up in a wry, self-deprecating smirk, but Sam didn't interrupt. (Even if he wanted to shake his brother and say that he was being ridiculous, and Cas wouldn't say something he didn't mean or wasn't true.) "But...it boiled down to...he-he told me...he told me he loved me."
This was my attempt at an ending to the show that still focuses on the Sam & Dean relationship but with the core themes of found family and actually paying off the amazingness that was Saileen and the freaking once-in-a-lifetime-will-never-happen-again-ness that was Destiel. (Because I wanted to scream "it's about balance!" at my laptop for like, the entire last couple episodes.) So please feel free to leave a kudos or review to tell me how I did!
I hope you all enjoyed this prologue! I really think Jack deserved to actually, you know *live* after being a weapon/power source for most of his life. He was only 3!! And expect more from Shipper!Sam because he's just the most fun to write!
"What's wrong?" He asked, signing the words as well to keep Eileen in the loop, the two racing back into the library proper.
He turns and Cas is by his side, and he can't resist, so he bends down and kisses him again. Just a quick peck really, just because he can.
"Make sure Donna goes to Jody and the girls," Dean offered out of the blue, and Sam turned to his brother in total confusion. "What?" He shrugged casually. "Those two need to get together like yesterday...they've been waiting long enough already."
Dean nodded, taking one last look at the room, at most of his family—Rowena comforting Jack with an arm around his shoulders, looking more maternal than Dean had ever seen her, though her eyes were fiery with purple magic; Jack openly crying, although he didn't make a sound, just let the tears stream down his face; Sam and Eileen, hand in hand, finally together, finally having a chance.
The room was dead silent as the flame in front of Rowena flickered out, and her eyes flashed with purple fire as she chanted something in Latin. Jack barely heard it, he was staring so intently at the portal. And as it began to shrink, it was like the world held its breath before two figures burst out, crashing into a table and rolling onto the floor.
Her head tilted slightly, almost as if she was reading his mind. "Jack," she simply said, turning to the still-weak Nephilim, and Jack nodded as he stood.
"Jesus, but you've put the poor fella' out of his misery and kissed him, right?" Bobby wiggled his eyebrows suggestively—in the way a father might ask a teenager about their high school crush.
Dean smiled gratefully, pulling Sam into a hug and clapping a hand on his back before letting go. "Thanks, Sammy."
"What are you talking about?" Sam shook his head, grateful that Eileen had ushered Jack and Rowena towards the map table so they wouldn't hear what the brothers were talking about. "You don't have to do this alone. Cas is my friend too, so let me come with you."
Doesn't Dean know it. He doesn't think there's one aspect of his relationship-not a relationship with Cas he hasn't fucked up to Hell and back (sometimes literally), but somehow they're still orbiting around each other—seemingly always waiting for the other one to make the first move.
And when Cas tried to shake his hand, only to be pulled into a brief hug, Bobby whispering something in the other man's ear that made him turn red, and then Dean was the one making absolute heart-eyes at Cas. But then, Bobby met Jack and told him that he was probably the closest he's got to a grandchild at the moment (a not-so-subtle glance thrown in Sam's direction) and there wasn't a dry eye in the place as the two embraced.
Dean flinched again, this time more obviously, almost a full-body convulsion. Sam had felt that terrifying hope that had bubbled in his chest when they heard Cas's voice over Dean's phone. And he knew it would have been so much worse for Dean when he sprinted up the stairs and only saw Lucifer's smug face behind the door. (What with the "profound bond" and all that. They were in love, simple as that, and it was obvious to anyone with eyes.) Sam still remembered Jess's face turning into Lucifer's all those years ago, the shudder of hopelessness that went through him.
Garth and Bess were watching Little Sam and Little Cas, Jesse and Cesar Cuevas absolutely doting on the toddlers, wide smiles on all six faces.
"Fuck, I love when you do that," he muttered, using both hands to cup Cas's cheeks and bring him forward.
Dean and Cas were talking closely together like they usually did, but there's something different about it now. Dean doesn't stop himself from reaching out to Cas, and Cas is letting himself positively
It was something about his brother's words that snapped him into action. And it wasn't like he hadn't seen the same sentiment in one of Sam's eyerolls or Eileen's sideways looks in the past couple months, but hearing it made it different somehow. Maybe it took twelve years, but he finally realized that Cas was right. That he's allowed to have something good, that his father's ghost doesn't control him.
She nodded mutely, taking a piece and humming in contentment as she chewed. Sam had taken pity on him and made the greasy, full-fat, all-meat bacon and he was gad Sam's girlfriend appreciated it. Couldn't have the next Winchester be vegetarian, Dean wouldn't ever be able to cook anything for her.
Out of the shadows appeared Dean—dressed in a rumpled flannel, old jeans fading at the knees, his worn out boots, hair a little unkempt, and still just as perfect as he remembered—looking determined and fierce and cocky. Like he was the one used to leading garrisons of angels into battle.
So, he just gave a half-hearted laugh, his lungs tightening as he thought of all that he said in the Empty, so close to those three words that were always on the tip of his tongue but could never push past his teeth. "It's, uh, a little complicated," he offered weakly with a shrug.
Jack could tell that there was something Dean wasn't saying...about the ritual, about Castiel's death...
(Falling was always how he saw his story ending anyways. One last Fall, the one that mattered, the one that stuck, that was a choice.)
But, then he remembered he had taken Eileen's phone from her driveway, the shattered reminder of one more woman he loved that he couldn't save.
And here they were, twelve years after that night, and maybe it had all led to this. Twelve years of arguments and longing looks. Twelve years of almosts and what ifs. Twelve years of saving each other, sometimes from themselves.
"I did just help save the universe, Dean," Amara replied dryly. "The least I deserve is a 'thank you,' don't you think?"
Rowena chanted in Enochian behind him, Sammy's voice had been shaking too much to get the words out and Dean still couldn't read the damn language.
"Jack? Are you okay? What's wrong?" He could feel Dean's worried glance, but he was twisted around in his seat so he couldn't be certain.
And she understood the hunting life, hell, she would probably hunt for longer than Sam would, but more than that, she understood
No, his unique torture (his reward) for waking the Empty up in the first place was that he got to lose himself in all of his worst memories. The things he wished he could take back. What he had been trying to atone for for years.
Thanks to everyone who has read and given kudos already!! I appreciate you guys so much, you have no idea, it legit makes my whole day!
As promised, here is the final chapter of my 15x20 fix it!! This is probably the fluffiest thing I've ever written, but I also love it (and I'm not usually a fluff-kind of girl or writer).
Needing someone, to Dean, is the only kind of love he knows, because it's all he thinks he's capable of deserving.
Straightening his spine, Jack took a look at the bunker—at Sam and Eileen signing to each other, drifting into one another's space like they were drawn together; at Dean walking in, his hands twisting in green fabric, a bright red handprint staining the shoulder; even at Rowena, her hands shaking slightly as she laid out the ingredients to the spell.
Staring at the swirling mass of black in the center of the room for going on three hours now was absolutely brutal. Torture of the worst kind and Sam (unfortunately) was an expert on the subject.
"The Darkness and the Light weren't ever meant to be combined again after my brother and I split apart eons ago," Amara assured him gently, almost
So, when Eileen pulled him towards the main room, he went willingly, leaving Rowena and Jack to watch the portal for any developments.
"I have the Enochian words Nick used," Jack added, thankful for the memory of an angel that preserved the ritual in his mind. He pulled out the napkin he had scribbled the Enochian onto and laid it next to the ingredients Rowena had set on the library table.
"Hey," he put a hand on Jack's neck, gently making him meet Dean's eyes. "You're way too important to risk, okay? And I just want to say...I'm proud of you, kid. And I know it hasn't always seemed like it but...I love you."
"Of course, of course," Rowena waved away the rest of Sam's sentence, tossing her head a look of too-casual ease on her face.
Bobby just smirked fondly and continued, "Said that she loves you, but if you don't give that ring in your pocket to Eileen soon, she'll come down from Heaven to haunt your ass. That's a direct quote, by the way."
"Who is it?" He called, his voice hoarse from disuse, as he peered into the shadows, something tugging on his Grace.
Dean, but because he loved himself. And Sam needed to share that big heart of his with those like Eileen who deserved it.
"I'm sorry," Dean said lamely. Because how do you apologize to an angel for causing them to literally Fall from Grace because of you?
Struggling to the surface, he fought for his consciousness, because although he was at rest, he wasn't at peace. Maybe this would give him some.
Sam didn't care about 'deserve' or 'reward,' but tears sprung to his eyes as he crossed the distance to Bobby in two strides, Dean right behind him, and they both hugged their surrogate father tightly.
Unfortunately, since Cas was awake, that probably meant the Empty was pissed and was more than likely going to be looking for them.
—because no matter what Dean tried to tell himself, Jack was their kid, his and Dean's and Cas's—fought God and
Jack looked stunned, tears welling in his big blue eyes (eyes that were so reminiscent of Cas's it was hard to remember that he wasn't actually Cas's biological son) as he threw his arms around Dean. "I love you too, Dad."
