The date hadn’t ended at the little Italian bistro on Northumberland, which was hardly surprising considering all that happened during dinner.
(See the end of the chapter for
His legs were spread widely, obscenely, buckled into the cuffs on either side of the bar. John could see between the gap in his arms, see the way he'd been spread open with no way to cover himself. Now he understood why Sherlock had been so insistent before. Sherlock wanted John to be sure that he would trust him in his most vulnerable state.
Yeah, so I never did quite get to the angst, so that will be next chapter. I didn't realize how much I actually wrote. See, I told you this story has a mind of its own. Feedback will be much appreciated. Thoughts, con-crit, it's all fine! Come join me on
‘Open floor,’ Greg thought desperately, “and take me in thine arms.’
“All right?” he enquired, still a bit groggy.
Great. Now he was starting to sound like Sherlock.
Sherlock stalked around the room, fingers tapping restlessly against one another as he stopped at the unsturdy desk beside John’s twin bed. That dreadful cane leant against the wall in the gap between the bed frame and the desk. Sherlock smirked darkly to himself at another correct deduction. John obviously didn't notice that he was standing perfectly fine without the help.
John could feel the pull like a siren call, willing him to shed his human skin and run, run, run The wolf recognized danger and prowled restlessly, ready to take over once again at a moments notice. John growled, slapping a hand against the cement floor, the chain wrapped around his wrist clinking loudly with the movement. If his captor was going to keep him locked up down here, he could at least bring John food.
Jasper's voice took on a high pitched tone as he waggled a finger at John. "Just this once, dear. I'm your landlady, not your housekeeper."
John swallowed what he could before he moved over Sherlock’s leg to rest on his back, both of them panting up at the ceiling.
She was John’s defiance, his rage and anger personified.
The man was admirably elusive. There weren't many pictures of him. Just a few taken from behind, or shielded by plainclothesmen escorting him to and from awaiting vehicles. Oddly enough, only a few of them managed to capture a glimpse of Holmes' face.
Irene led him through the crowd of costumed entertainers to the dressing room, where he dabbed away the sweat on his forehead with a cotton towel and reapplied his make-up. He kept the same costume, but changed wigs to a wavy blond one. Irene placed a golden-glittered band around the crown of his head and tucked the ends of his wig over into it to make the classic flapper girl up-do. Before they left the room, she gave him a silk robe to wear, though he kept it open. It was more to Irene’s taste than John’s. She enjoyed the diva look.
"I don't find bluffing attractive and neither do you, so let's stop talking in riddles and cut to the heart of the matter." Sherlock's voice was low and smooth, but the efficiency of his words was ruthless and concise "If you feel that I've wronged or misled you in any way, then you should say so and quickly because I do not have the patience for talking in circles, nor did I come here to have a row."
It took Sherlock a moment to realize that John was still speaking, though the words didn't register immediately.
"- Sherlock Holmes is in my flat!"
Sherlock settled behind him and enfolded John is his arms, mindful of his fragility.
Irene scoffed, throwing her perfectly coiffed head around to smirk slyly at John. "Your boss is quite skilled in evasion, if you hadn't figured yet," she spoke glibly, though there was a hint of annoyance there that gave John a bit of grudging satisfaction. "I thought I'd been rather vague about my intention to pay him a little visit this week."
“You will come back with me, when this is over,” Sherlock stated, matter-of-factually, though John didn't miss the slight inflection, almost unnoticeable, the question mark at the end.
home.
"I'd skip that bit and get straight to the point if I were you," Sherlock snapped testily, eyes growing dark with something unnervingly akin to jealousy as John rambled on.
John was still sleeping when Sherlock returned to the room with a clean glass slide in hand and the medical kit in the other. He knelt down beside the bed, placing the kit down and lifting the wet towel on John's head to feel his forehead. Still a high temperature (estimation: 38.3 C). Two degrees higher than it'd been two hours before.
John had just collapsed onto his bed, tired and overwhelmed by the day's events and wondering if he should even bother reporting to work the next day, when his phone emitted a soft ping on the side table.
"Christ, another one," John groaned, slumping back to allow Sarah through the entrance. It wasn't even past ten and already, John just wanted to crawl beneath his sheets and reset the clock back to the day before, when he was at Baker Street being skillfully taken apart by Sherlock.
John tore his eyes away and took a steadying breath. He cleared his throat, wishing he hadn't so foolishly agreed to do the interview. John swallowed and Holmes' eyes flicked down to his throat, tracking the movement. John read the next question and blanched.
“Are you going to?”
John bent to that flawless chest and pressed the flat of his tongue against it. Even his sweat was delicious. Everything about Sherlock called to him in some virile way. He ached to prove himself, to submit in a way that pleased his alpha and excited him.
,' John thought in horror, '
Ash-blonde hair, shorn and bleached pale from the sun. Smooth, tawny skin revealed a few new lines around dimmed, deep-set indigo eyes. Beneath the short-sleeved vest, Sherlock noted the addition of sinewy muscle, the way John’s veins pressed against his skin in stark relief.
Sherlock pulled him back by his hair, until John was leaning back on his haunches, lips a bright, swollen pink and shiny with saliva and pre-come.
Sherlock watched him even as his eyelids drooped drunkenly with the pleasure of his prostate being rammed repeatedly and his impending orgasm. “I'm going to come,” he rumbled, and John tightened his fist around Sherlock's cock and let Sherlock continue to use his pliable body.
'Relax,' John mouthed to his lover, and Sherlock shifted, recrossing his legs in the opposite direction and pulled out his phone to tinker with. Oddly enough, his face had gone completely blank.
The cover dragged along his leg and sloughed off to the ground as he stood, stretching. The pop of his back was satisfying, and with a grunt, Sherlock rolled his shoulders to release the tension.
John meant to begin studying for his finals, but instead he found himself opening his laptop and scouring the web for information on Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock growled and jumped out of his seat, coming to pace before Mycroft, who only stood tapping an umbrella patiently against the wood floor. "Of course you have people watching us; I can't even have any privacy in my own home. Tell me," Sherlock stopped, an arms length before his brother, attempting to stare him down, to which Mycroft held his ground, "what have your 'sources' told you of my current situation?"
It paid off in the end, much to the surprise of Mycroft and their parents.
Sherlock didn't turn to look at his companion. He could feel him, could smell his scent as strongly as if John were sitting beside him. Soft, even breaths filled up the small space of the stone cave as John rested, if somewhat tirelessly, a few feet behind him.
There were newspaper clippings scattered over the surface, some about the ongoing war, the obituary column, but mostly the theme seemed to be Sherlock’s public efforts to expose Moriarty for the fraud that he was, during John’s absence.
Sarah laughed and stepped closer, her eyes turning softer and her lips, pouty, as she advanced with all the hypnotizing grace of a lioness waiting for the right moment to pounce. "Come
I know, I know. My John is wishy-washy, but can't we all be, sometimes?
“Sod the bloody fantasy, John. You know what I want,” Sherlock hissed, his breath catching between proclamations. “I'm not a bloody vicar, and there's nothing holy about what I want.”
John nodded, even though Sherlock couldn't see him.
John tried to convince himself he didn't care who Sherlock had with him in that room, but the tiny tingle of jealousy lingered in the corner of his mind.
Ella came in a short while later with a tray of tea and biscuits and the four of them retired to the sitting room. It wasn't long before Sherlock and Victor were breaking off to have their own conversation, and Ella was showing him the rest of the flat.
Sherlock scraped a hand through his hair, his mouth dry as he reached up to knock on the door. He wasn’t sure how he’d react to seeing John again for the first time in six years, but the amount of anger he felt was most alarming. He thought that time would dampen the emotion, but that John didn’t come to him, didn’t even tell him he was back in London made Sherlock’s vision cloud with rage.
"As it happens, we've not found much in the way of a cure, however, we believe the drug was created to target the DNA strand. As I'm sure you're aware after your visit to Ms Hooper's lab last afternoon, you've discovered the rate at which his cells are currently undergoing mitosis." Mycroft paused, staring as John abandoned the bunny and crawled to Sherlock, clumsily pulling himself up using Sherlock's knee as a crutch.
John's hands fell limply to his sides, at a loss of what to do or what to say. In just three days John had torn Jasper's little family apart, and he felt like a wretched tosser. Sherlock was peering out the window silently, face set in a solemn mask that John couldn't decipher the meaning of.
“We never did talk about a partnership, you know,” John pointed out after nearly half an hour of comfortable silence. “Considering that was the reason you asked me to meet you.”
: I should probably warn that the first bit here is a bit sacrilegious. Would you believe it if I told you I am a religious person? Sherlock, however, is decidedly not! He was going to say what he was wanted to say even if I felt so bad after writing that part, haha! John is a bit less heavy on that end of the spectrum so it balances :)
And miles to go before I sleep,
for story updates and Sherlock-y things (*whispers* specifically Toplock!)
Sherlock felt the warm pull of adrenaline and desire, so close to the very person he’d been longing for in the past years, and like a dehydrated man in an oasis, he drank.
Shaking his head at himself and his unreliable thoughts, John grabbed his jacket from the coat rack and threw it on at the door. "So, The Watch House?"
It was startling to think that a month ago, John didn't have any of that familiar comfort with anyone. He thought that Sherlock was an egotistical, self-righteous prick with time enough only to cut people off at the knees and make his money. Well, that was all still true, save the last bit. Sherlock didn't seem to care much about the money, though he had it, but the man behind the mask was turning out to be much more of an enigma than John had originally thought. It appeared that Sherlock felt the same way about him.
As the door to the loo closed on them, John leaned up for one more kiss as Sherlock loomed over him. “Merry Christmas, Sherlock Holmes.”
Holmes pulled him closer by the hand still tangled in his hair and guided their lips together. Holmes’ lips were soft and tender, salty from Molly’s skin and his own natural sweetness that got John hard as a diamond. John licked into his mouth and sucked his tongue, enjoying the moan that dragged from Holmes’ throat, deep and rumbling. Holmes shuffled forward until the flat planes of their stomachs were pressed together as he dominated the embrace. John had no choice but to relent and push his hands up that silk-covered chest as Holmes trailed sloppy, open-mouthed kisses up his chin to the corner of his lips.
Sherlock smiled, that same lopsided little thing that made his stomach do flip-flops. “Goodnight, John.” Then the bastard winked and shut the door. In his face.
Feedback is always encouraged. I would love to hear what you think of the new chapter! Until next time, my friends.
Mycroft sat on the other side and crossed one knee over the other, angling his body towards his nephew. “Care to tell me where you've been these past few weeks?”
John looked away, before the lust consumed him, fidgeting beneath Sherlock's relentless gaze. He crouched down to retrieve the ruined sandwich from the floor, throwing it on the plate as he spoke. "How did you get in here anyway? Last I checked, housebreaking was illegal."
Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back, rocking back on his heels like a preening child. He cleared his throat. "I... I hadn't thought of it in that manner before."
It had been impossible not to notice the way Sherlock stared as he danced on the stage. John might even have done some of the moves just to see that eyebrow inch up a little further. The man could watch him all night and John wouldn’t have a problem with it, so long as it ended with Sherlock in his bed.
"Right, thanks Mis- Mary," John stammered out, face and ears burning what he was sure was an alarming shade of pink. He smiled again and then scurried off to an unobtrusive door at the back of the store, barely noticeable next to a stack of dusty boxes and an unorganized shelf of water stained books.
The man John guessed was Victor, who had been quiet up until that point stood and placed a calming hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "No one is challenging you Sherlock, we are all just worried."
At last, they all turned to the last woman, who ran smoothly through her part, before ending in a climactic : “I guess you can say we broke up because of artistic differences. He saw himself as alive and I saw him dead.” Then, she wove her scarf around his neck and jerked.
He tore himself away, breaths quick and heavy. He felt intoxicated, drunk with pleasure and the flood of endorphins cancelling out everything but his ruthless desire. Sherlock wanted so badly to fuck him, but the game was far from over. If he could just stay on track, then he could reap the rewards in the end.
“Ah,” said Sherlock. “Then you wouldn't mind showing me how you seduced these ‘straight’ men into your bed?”
Holmes took a deep breath and the shutter fell over his eyes once again. He turned and flung the doors open effortlessly.
Sherlock discovers that John is a necessity.
It was completely frustrating, being in love. Sherlock could admit that he was in unfamiliar territory. A thousand experiments couldn’t prepare him for an endeavour of such magnitude as caring for another person. In some ways it felt like ruin, while in others he was invigorated.
In the sky, cumulonimbus clouds gathered and threatened to drop their heavy loads on the city below, darkening with the threat of a morning thunderstorm. Despite his avoidance, John could feel that heavy gaze settle on him, and he struggled not to shift under the scrutiny.
If you're curious to know what kind of mood I was in when this chapter was written, click
John's gaze drifted around the room, searching, until they stopped at the window, where everything suddenly became quite clear. Evidently, parts of his theory were not unfounded. John had, indeed, been kidnapped by a madman.
John held up a hand, knowing Jasper was only snapping out of frustration, but the knowledge of it didn't make his thoughtless comment hurt any less. Pursing his lips, John tapped his fingers against the arms of the chair before nodding in resolve. "Right. Well I'll just be going now."
"There's still so much I don't know about you, not enough data and for once, this is something I'd rather learn with time if it means you'll have to be with me in order to figure you out. So believe me when I say that any explanation you may try to provide about those pictures would be nowhere near the parameters of what we truly are. No, I'm not in love with you, nor have you reached that point with me, but given time - a lot of time - one day we may get there."
Let it be said that it didn't take much to surprise John, but doing so into speechlessness was a rare occurrence. Sherlock was there opening the door just as John had begun to turn the key, and John froze, feeling vaguely like a child who'd gotten caught doing something he wasn't supposed to. He was blocking the entrance with his body and his upper half was tilted forward so that John had to crane his neck to look up at Sherlock.
John dropped to the ground like a stone, his body writhing and seizing against the dusty lino. Sherlock grabbed the gun and turned it on Förstner's quickly retreating back, and pulled the trigger until a spray of blood and brain matter were trickling down the back of his blown out cerebellum.
John cleared his thoughts, feeling awkward and unprepared for this particular situation. "I'm John, John Watson, sir." He stepped forward, holding out a hand which Holmes shook in a firm grip before letting go. His hands were big and soft, and John found himself wanting to touch them again. "Um, I'm a friend of Jasper."
“You seem to be under the misconception that what you think of me keeps me up at night.” Sherlock smiled, brittle and fragmented just like the insipid emotions all piled atop one another, fighting for dominance in his wretched mind.
John didn't comprehend the lengths that Sherlock would go to secure their... partnership, if Sherlock were to label their current arrangement. It was the only name Sherlock could lower himself to call it. Boyfriend was so very… unremarkable and did little to encompass Sherlock's connection with John.
She leant forward to place a kiss on his cheek and he smiled as she pulled away.
“No, truly, Sherlock, I’m flattered,” John said, grinning up at him. “Don’t get compliments much in this industry. Everyone has had it in every way, nothing is… novel.” He looked away, feeling unaccountably sheepish under Sherlock’s confident, knowing stare.
in Westminster. Fuck.
It was meant to be sarcastic, but Holmes froze, turning towards John slowly, his peculiar eyes dark and ravenous. "Indeed," he said, low and guttural with an emotion John couldn't place. The sound sent sparks straight to John's groin.
It was a completely alluring facet of Sherlock that John found himself unwittingly fascinated with, and abundantly curious. Sherlock had only offered a taste of what was to come, but once he accepted, what new doors would John be opening?
Sherlock slowly placed the kettle back on the tray and avoided Victor’s gaze as he reclaimed his chair. “What are you implying, Victor? You know I don’t like riddles.”
John cleared his throat, crossing his arms protectively over his chest, with some discomfort. "So," he began with a weary disposition, meeting that hawk-like gaze with a sharp one of his own, "how did you know where to find me?"
After they parted, Molly tucked a stray hair behind her ear and folded her arms around her body. "You can call me Molly, if you'd like." She smiled kindly, and something in John's body uncoiled, the tension draining slightly out of his body.
Holmes stopped before him, an arm’s length away. "Consider it a paid internship. You can use it as credit towards your medical degree. I also know that your school funds are dwindling, so I will only offer this once."
John had never gotten close to humans before, had been taught since he was a pup that they weren't to be trusted, but even then, John had never seen such hatred for them before. Sherlock's snarl as he called them 'animals', the distinctly far away look he adopted when Mycroft referred to past run-ins with humans. There was obviously a history there, something ominous, that may have happened to Sherlock. Would John ever know? Would Sherlock ever tell him?
Another knock.
Sherlock's voice was rough, as if he hadn't used it in a while, or if he'd been sleeping. It brought John to attention quicker than any porn ever could, that's for sure.
Holmes was watching him, analyzing him while he continued to talk. "All of my employees are well-compensated and treated fairly. If you do good work, I will reward you accordingly, monetarily or... otherwise." There! What was that hesitation? Just what was Holmes hinting at?
do this... anymore." John resented the fact that he couldn't say what he wanted without that damnable crack in his voice. "I see it every time you look at me, Sherlock,
Sherlock’s breath hitched at the sight, and flicked his eyes up to meet hers from beneath the line of his brows. “Ohh ha! Come on daddy!” Lady Grey slid a hand down her stomach, over her covered cock, and squeezed, biting her lip as she matched his stare. “Oh yeah. Oh yeah oh, come on, sugar.”
- I make a reference to Alfred, who is Batman's butler (Pop culture reference 101)
John rocked back on his heels, all the previous desire flying out the window, along with the thin reign he held on his temper. "You complete and utter pillock," John chuckled humourlessly, unamused by the revelation. He ran a hand over his face in frustration, pausing when his palm slid over his lips. "Unbelievable."
“Oi, Sherlock! You weren't answering your phone, so I thought you might have had your hands full with John. Seems I didn't have to worry too much.”
Finally, Sherlock made his way to the kitchen, followed by a low, “Morning,” to John.
. "Shit, I have to get going." He jumped up, making sure he had his mobile and wallet. He leant down and brushed a quick peck over Sarah's awaiting cheek before he bolted out the door.
Short stature, approximately eighteen to twenty-three years of age, blond hair, presumably dark blue eyes, no muscular development yet, however.
With a heavy sigh, John left the window, allowing the curtain to fall back into place before he was off gathering his things and stuffing them into his backpack. Before he left, John did one last thing. He’d written letters to both Jasper and Sherlock. He left Jasper’s on his bed where his friend would see it when he returned, and Sherlock's where only he could find it.
Then, the women were fading to the shadows as Lady Grey prowled forward, staring out into the audience with her compelling stare and immediately pulling the audience in as her lips moved with the words. She flicked her cigarette and placed herself before her partner, demanding his absolute attention. She threw her arms around the man’s neck and wrapped her calf around his waist until she leant against him for support.
Sarah moved to get it, but John raised a hand to stop her. “I’ve got it, thanks.”
Irene had made John the headliner for the opening night, and although his stomach clenched with nerves, he was excited for what would undoubtedly be a new venture in a new place. Now, if only things would go swimmingly for the night. The two of them did have the worst of luck with opening night. One memorable opening involved a broken ankle and a fire in the kitchen.
For several minutes, John waited to feel something, tensed for a touch, unsure where it would land or the sensation that would follow. Sherlock kept John that way for an indeterminate amount of time, balanced on a precipice, anxious and more aware than he'd ever been of anything.
Before he realizes, Sherlock has his hand around the boy's mouth and his prick is pushing in. It is ecstasy and pain, and sweet, sweet glory. The chafing of their dry union is uncomfortable, but he needs into John. It will have to suffice.
Holmes rolled his eyes. "Really Mr Watson, it's bad form to go into an interview without knowing anything about the individual."
John's breath was tremulous, the loudest sound in the room besides the shush of leather mapping out the expanse of his back. They’d only gotten as far as rule five before Sherlock dragged John up to sit on his cock.
Wow, I just have to say thank you to everyone for your kudos, comments, and bookmarks. Writing can be such a challenge when you don't feel confident in your skills, and your feedback means more to me than you know, so thank you! I do apologize for the wait, also. Next week is the devilish week of finals for university students where I am and it's been busy! Thank you for your patience and I do hope you all enjoy the chapter!
The woman only lifted her hands in acquiescence, as she rounded the corner.
He sat down on the edge of the bed and ran his hand over the blanket, mapping where John’s would have done. He missed his lover. Sherlock missed falling into bed with him, breathless and sweat-soaked, the feel of John's legs wrapped around him. There were nights where John liked to be taken and others when John liked to take, and it never mattered to Sherlock, because either way, they would be close.
It could have been worse, John reasoned, because if he were honest, the picture wasn't half bad. It was actually kind of cute, if one were on the outside looking in. It was after their dinner in Chinatown and Sherlock was leading him to his car where he'd instructed the driver to wait. It was only a short paragraph stuffed to the left next to an overly descriptive essay about Moose. In comparison, the piece wasn't much at all but anyone that knew John would catch it instantly, and anything about Sherlock Holmes always raised much ado in London. What was worse was finding that someone had been watching them from the moment they stepped foot in Chinatown. Someone must have recognized Sherlock and sold his picture to the paper in the hopes of making a few pounds. It grated, the fact that someone intruded on his life for profit.
“What do you do, then?” John asked, pushing an oily curl from Sherlock’s forehead, if only to get an unhindered view of his eyes, pewter grey now that the lights were off and the fervor had lessened to something more bearable.
When his desk phone rang, he snatched it up.
, it read proudly, as if anything in it would be Nobel prize worthy. The front was jumbled with all sorts of lunacy, including a picture of Sherlock looking, for all intents and purposes, like shit, beside which, a large yellow arrow declaring that Holmes Pharmaceuticals was filing for bankruptcy. Sherlock Holmes a former drug addict? What utter shite! On top of that, there were two pictures of them together from earlier in the week, walking out of work together. Obviously Sherlock had notice they were being watched, as in one, the man was looking in the general direction of the camera, so why hadn't he said anything? The other was just a moment of silliness between them that ended - awkward on both parts - in a caricature of a hug. Still, the moment had been theirs, and now it was taken and shared with a city of unknowns.
As he strode past the loo, the hums quietened.
"Really Lestrade, you're left alone for a moment and already making friends with the prisoner." A deep baritone interrupted their stilted dialogue, scathingly mocking.
. I promise you, it is hot and you will not be disappointed.
Holmes sauntered over after a short, clipped conversation with the director. John stood, heat pooling in his groin the moment that shrewd gaze fell upon him. Holmes’ eyes dipped down, mouth pulled into a semi-smirk that magnified his plump lips as he took a long, contemplative survey of John from the ashen strands of his hair to the worn bottom of his trainers.
The woman looked up. Her sleek, black bob stayed perfectly in place, while her vermillion lips pulled into a polite smile that failed to reach her eyes. "Welcome to Holmes Pharmaceuticals, where may I direct you today, sir?" Her voice was deeper than John had expected for a woman as tiny as she, throaty and completely professional much to the disappointment of John and his libido.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but his tone was neutral as he answered with, “Yes, I'll help you find the people who've done this, but I want something in return.”
John licked a stripe along his long neck that concluded with a suckle at the bottom of his jaw. Sherlock groaned, sliding his cock between John's cheeks with the barely controlled rocking of his hips.
“So you said you came for something besides the opportunity to shag me and kip on my bed,” John prompted, hiding a playful smile behind his cup, though Sherlock saw it anyway.
John could feel the front of his pants dampen, cold fabric settling against the head of his cock. He licked his lips and waited, eyes flicking between Sherlock's covered groin and that unwavering stare.
If this is how he dies, then so be it. He can't help but think of the end when it feels like it's so close, but just when it's in his grasp, like always, Alfie let's up.
yet?”
When Holmes removed his shades, John’s stomach flopped like a fish on a pier. Holmes had stunning eyes that varied in hue and depth as they caught the artificial glow of the film lights. From where he sat, John could hardly label the colour of Holmes’ kaleidoscopic gaze, but all the same, it was enchanting.
Irene arched a perfectly shaped brow as the lift door dinged softly and opened. Before she stepped in, she turned for the last time, eyes a softer hue of green than before, trick of the light, John assumed. The smirk was there, still, just barely pulling at the corners of her lips. "The wildest ones really are the most fun to tame," Irene muttered below her breath, with a hint of nostalgia, and then louder, "I've a feeling you'll be making waves, soon, darling."
The moment her fingers twitched, John was propelling his body through the air and closing the space between the Hunter and himself.
Sherlock closed the tiny gap of space between them and pressed himself up beside John, before he leaned down to whisper in his ear. “When this is over, I'm going to take you home. You will not stop for tea; you will go straight to my room, strip, and then you're going to sit on my face while I eat your arse until you come. Am I understood?”
“Consulting Detective,” Sherlock answered, catching John’s hand as he withdrew it from Sherlock’s hair and placing a kiss on his knuckles. He set their intertwined hands on the bed between them. “The only one in the world.”
When they'd reached the Marylebone district, Sherlock shook him awake, wiping a bit of drool from the side of his lips with a careful thumb. When the car finally pulled round to a four-storey flat building on Baker Street, John was wide awake.
sorry for being a broke Uni student, I hope all this," John snarked, twirling a finger around to indicate their surroundings, "hasn't offended your delicate sensibilities. Sorry, Sherlock, I'm afraid you've come to the wrong place if you wanted a taste of the finer things."
John heard the nervous chuckle pass his own lips, but all he could think about was how Jasper's father was a striking figure to behold when he was angry.
Sarah rolled her eyes, the first real sign of anger she openly showed. “I would have missed you anyway, John! Me, Mike, your parents—hell, do any of them even know you’re back in London?”
When the time came, the doorman showed him the way to the parlour where he was to wait for Lady Grey. It wasn’t that large of a room, but still grandly decorated with rich, red carpet and cream-coloured satin fabrics draped along the walls. There was a small stage and a table in the centre. The only props on the stage were a vintage microphone and a chair.
Sherlock nodded at the woman and flashing a brief grin John didn’t know he was capable of as she placed the tray on the glass table. With a pseudo-curtsy, Janine strutted out and closed the heavy doors behind her.
John rolled his eyes, refusing to acknowledge the blush crawling up his neck. “A lady doesn’t kiss and tell,” he grumbled.
When morning came, John pulled the cover over his head to block out the light coming from the window, while Jasper padded loudly up and down the stairs in preparation for the day. John didn't consider that his friend might be making as much noise as possible intentionally; that is until something soft and yielding landed solidly on his head.
It made Jim so angry just seeing him sit there as if he belonged, as if
“Of course, doctor. Now, what is it that you really want to say?”
“And you're an idiot,” Sherlock said, raising an eyebrow at John in challenge. “Are we stating the obvious now?” Sherlock shrugged into a fresh cotton shirt and buttoned it with quick, nimble fingers while John stood there like a fool in a sheet.
Sherlock winced and scowled as John ran the brush through a particularly brutal clump of curls. “Gah—John, is brute force absolutely necessary in this instance?” Sherlock snarled. He reached up to touch the aching spot on the crown of his head with questing finger, which John happily slapped away with the brush. “John!”
Jasper smiled brightly, shaking an errant hair out of his eyes as he waved an imperious hand in the air in dismissal. "It'll be fine, he doesn't care about things like that." Jasper shrugged, before leaning forward to reach under the table.
Sherlock's face was a blank slate, but his eyes glowed with satisfaction and pride, jumping past passionate sapphire to an inflamed celadon.
With the divorce between John's parent's final, there wasn't much argument when Sherlock brought John back to London as his charge. When John came of age, he didn't leave, and never uttered a word of what happened that night, nor the many thereafter.
In John’s periphery, Molly was boneless and sated, save for the heaving of her chest, legs spread wide and pussy swollen, pink and glistening beneath the studio lights. Her eyes were open, though, watching Holmes push John’s trousers and pants down his hips. John reciprocated, shoving Holmes’ shirt off his arms and removing what remaining article of clothing was left until they were both stark naked and close enough for their cocks to touch.
The flashlight fumbles and catches on the shocked face of Molly Hooper. Fortunately, she is blinded by the light, and Sherlock uses this temporary distraction to his advantage and flees on swift feet.
His hands trembled where they wrapped around to grip his legs, unable to contain the sob that broke violently from his throat. John felt like retching until there was nothing left of him. He'd never known a sorrow like what he was feeling. When he left Sherlock's pack within a few short days, he would truly be alone, with nothing but the knowledge that the only thing awaiting him were the hunters and a sure death.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13,
John washed quickly and turned off the water, grabbing a clean towel off the rack before stepping out, wrapping the cloth around his waist. He brushed his teeth and left the loo, exhausted after a long night with no sleep and his talk with Sherlock that morning.
The Sherlock in fatigues paced an unhurried circled around John, observing him from every possible angle, and lingering on John's back and the nape of his neck where sweat just began to bubble over the skin. Suddenly, he spoke. “Did you touch yourself for them?”
The hand on his back pressed down, guiding his hips down to undulate his cock against Sherlock's.
Dinner was a quiet affair, but not an uncomfortable one. It was easy, the way things should be between them. He didn’t bother trying to hide the fact that he was monitoring John’s food intake. His plate was nearly empty when he finally pushed away from the table, and that was good enough for Sherlock. He ate about half of his own serving and together, they cleaned up and put the rest into the fridge.
relationships and if what they had was just sex and power dynamics, was it worth the trouble and John's peace of mind?
Jasper leaned back, one of his hands traveling slowly up John's back and fingers gliding softly along the nape of his neck. The moment was heavy with unspoken words and John could feel their chests against one another, heartbeats elevated.
"So I've heard," Sherlock returned, pulling away and turning to a hallway further inside the flat. John's tunnel vision didn't allow for anything other than following the thin line of Sherlock's back as he threw open the door to what John could only guess was a bedroom.
He took a deep breath and stood. He was never one for pacing, but his skin felt too tight and he was tired of having to bite his tongue with Sherlock. The point of accepting his offer of companionship was the help that came with it. Instead, Sherlock was hiding things and killing humans. What good was that to John? None of it would avenge his fallen kin.
John swallowed twice, before he could bring himself to speak, blinking rapidly. He hadn't even been aware that he'd been attuned to Sherlock's pack. John could only remember his scattered thoughts at the time, the need to get to a safe place. The hunters stayed on his tail the entire time, never too far off, but he'd thought they were trying to kill him, when in reality, John only succeeded in doing their dirty work for them. "Meaning, I-- meaning I lead them here."
"Alright, alright, you win, Jasper!" John giggled, wishing he could wake up this way all the time. "I surrender!"
Sherlock didn't look away throughout John's speech, just settled that unnerving gaze upon him and was dissolving his layers piece by piece, reading him like the open book that he was.
John dropped his bags to the floor and made his way back to the older man who watched him cautiously, hands dropped into clenched into fists by his sides.
Sherlock cleared his throat and turned to John for what seemed like the first time since they walked through the door. "Victor is a designer, which should be obvious to you if you haven't already observed," Sherlock explained, not unkindly. "I commission him for my wardrobe, mostly. We attended Cambridge together, after which he moved to the States for a time."
Sherlock stepped inside the room and closed the door, one hand already on the knot of his scarf, his eyes riveted on the lovely creature knelt before him.
John was right where he left him, back a lovely shade of pale pink, like an orchid in bloom, scaling up his neck to where his face was undoubtedly flaming. His clever boy was quick to spot the difference, murky eyes fastening on the crop held loosely in Sherlock's hand.
Long after Victor retired from his life's work, Sherlock remembered clearly his mentor's flawless manipulations of the Alpha's under his care. Throughout the years, Victor had tamed many impossible Alphas, and profited greatly from it, as well as made a name for himself amongst the A/B/O community. Sherlock, being Victor's protégé, naturally inherited his mentor's legacy and expanded it. Some would call it therapy, but taming entailed a level of psychological intimacy that delved further than simply talking over one's problems.
Förstner was a rabid animal backed into a corner. Of
Back inside, the house seemed oppressive without the usual noise to liven it up. It was empty and quiet, a replica of what it must have been before.
a radio.
Julian sat up, befuddled, but acquiesced to Sherlock’s demands. Still, he watched Sherlock with surprise and wariness. “What—”
Sherlock pushed away from the table and grabbed his phone from where it sat beside the microscope. Mycroft answered on the first ring.
John hadn't come yet, and he was desperately hard with Sherlock wrapped around him, so it was impossible to withhold his whimper when Sherlock climbed off of him.
Outside, the air was stagnant and moist with the promise of a night shower, though thankfully, the clouds looked to be holding out. John pulled his phone out and leaned back against the wall of the pub to steady himself. The shaky breath that left his throat had nothing to do with his sobriety, or lack thereof, and everything to do with the little green button he'd pressed next to Sherlock's number.
Ice spread throughout his belly at his own rebuke, but Sherlock kept a firmly, bland expression and gathered up the containers. “Get dressed,” he ordered without sparing John a glance, avoiding the hurt he knew he would see in John’s eyes. It would be all too easy to walk over and kiss the frown from his lips, but Sherlock had already shown the cracks in his façade. He’d held John not fifteen minutes before and struggled with himself not to lay them both down and wrap himself around him. He’d already shown his hand, and that was more than enough to be getting on with.
“Okay, not a chatty bloke, then.” Murray, turned back to the phone in his hand. “You're not – you know, stalking him or anything, are you?”
In the bathroom, John's reflection regarded him with dull expectation. Indigo eyes, so dark, they were almost always mistaken for a deep brown from afar; dishwater blond hair, with the consistency of straw, most days, and acne scars that littered his cheeks, an ode to his tumultuous pubescent days. He couldn't even find himself attractive, and most days, picking up a bird was like a full scale climb up Mount Everest; the chances for failure were extremely high.
“The moronic things that come from your mouth, but I guess I should have expected that. You're an idiot like all the rest,” Sherlock grit out, his teeth scraping loudly in the close quarters. “Yes,” Sherlock said when John frowned, “you're an idiot if you think I'd want anything more to do with Jim Moriarty. The man is a plague and an unfortunate part of my past that I want nothing to do with.”
Sherlock pecked his way up to the potent area between John’s thigh and cock, where he stopped to bury his nose. The tickle of lace knickers made his nostrils itch, but he ignored it in favour of burrowing deeper. He cupped his hands beneath John’s arse and pulled him forward, turning so that his mouth brushed that covered erection.
John barely had enough to get by in London, and no one would look twice at his CV once they noticed his trembling hand and bum leg. The leg, his army-appointed therapist, Ella, had said was psychosomatic. John knew that it was, but that didn't mean the pain he felt was any less real.
It was his own fault that he hadn't been watching where he was going. John was at a midway point between a row of infested, crack houses and his final destination when he was shoved harshly into the brick wall of a crumbling tenement. The slam of John's body against the rough material jarred his wounds and knocked the breath from his lungs.
"Natural?!" John hissed back, "I'm terrible at that, and this is your fault, you tosser!"
God, it made him sick that he even felt that way, especially after Sherlock's initial warning that relationships were not his area. It wasn't as if Sherlock was his. He could have anyone he wanted, and John couldn't say anything, because Sherlock had made it very clear that it would go no further than their agreement.
So John played along and returned to his previous position on his knees, elbows on the ledge and hands clasped. He could feel Sherlock's eyes on him.
Around them, the other patrons murmured quietly, some outright staring while others pretended they hadn't noticed the utter disaster that was taking place. John wanted to curl up under the booth until the moment passed. Why? What could John have possibly done to warrant such embarrassment?
Sherlock could see his cock down the flat plain of his belly, painfully hard and ruddy. He wanted to feel it against his leg, wanted to see John getting himself off on his thousand pound trousers, because he deserved only the best to spill his seed upon. But a certain someone would kill him, and Sherlock would rather save that for another time. He’d see about getting John taken care of in a way just as satisfying.
John was a sobbing wreck, back heaving as he strained back against nothing.
Jasper waved off John's modesty and laid his head sideways against the chair. "I'm knackered," he sighed, "and we have school in the morning."
He rolled over onto his back, staring at the ceiling for a moment, getting his bearings straight. His head felt muddy and unclear, and his eyes took longer than normal to focus on the cracks lining the inlet's ceiling. John scrubbed at his eyes with his palms and sighed, before pulling his hands away and sitting up.
“If you can be ready in two hours, I’ll send a car to take you to his location.”
“Is this what you want?” Sherlock asked. “Because after this, there will be no disappearing. I want everything from you, John, and not just your reluctant cooperation.”
Was he sure?
“Got me off a murder charge and cleared my name,” Angelo boasted proudly.
At this, a collective groan travelled throughout the pack, excluding a bemused John and a greatly vexed Sherlock. Whoever this Mycroft fellow was, the news of his help was not received with any great deal of pleasure.
“Amazing,” John said, shaking his head in fascination. The most brilliant man in London, and he was taken with John, for some odd reason.
An insincere smile forged its way across Holmes' lips, and John suddenly felt like the butt of a joke he wasn't privy to. "I have many hobbies I indulge in; I provide consult to the Met when they're out of their depth, which is most days, and I play the violin when I have the time... However, there is one thing I enjoy in particular, but, well, it's a bit easier to show than to tell, Mr Watson."
“Then…”
She stepped into the room like she owned it, and immediately, John felt as though he were the one trespassing. The woman's keen, green eyes were scanning the room with a sharp, knowing gaze.
He stripped down to his pants and vest and returned the suit and shoes to hang in Sherlock's closet. John climbed in on the side of the bed that Sherlock's long limbs weren't occupying and pulled the cover up to his chest, crossing his arms over his sternum as he blinked up at the ceiling.
John chastised himself. Involving Sarah in his dysfunctional relationship with Sherlock was the last thing that John wanted to do, but the woman was nothing if not obdurate and tenacious when it came to prying information out of John. He supposed he could lie to her. It was tempting, but he respected her more than to feed her false truths.
Bill...
He could feel his orgasm rushing through his body like waves, pouring over him, intensifying when Sherlock finally wrapped a hand around his cock and stroked. John was slick from pre-come and Sherlock's skin against his felt like satin.
John sighed, standing on trembling legs. "I should... get my things, I-," he sucked in a sharp breath, feeling the weight of it all settle heavily on his shoulders. "I'm sorry Sherlock, that I came in between you and Jasper."
John did up his pants and washed his hand before turning to leave the bathroom. He heard the front door open and slam shut, and grinned, in awe of how quick Jasper had been on his feet.
That night, John began to crawl, slowly, at first and gradually began to progress with the evening. Sherlock laid on his back over the bed watching as John crawled clumsily over his legs, smiling when the infant's chubby arms couldn't hold him up anymore.
Irene pushed him up and over, stronger than was usual for a woman of her small stature. “Now,” she said, grabbing her phone from the coffee table and sitting back with her legs folded beneath her. “Tell a girl all about it.”
They finished the task quickly, marking the grave sites with twigs wrapped in twine to fashion crosses. John didn't believe in human religions, or anything at all but the power of the constellations, but it didn't seem like enough to leave without some sign of remembrance.
John rolled over to see Sherlock wide awake and eyes not dulled by exhaustion, but rather lit with insight and a tinge of wariness. "You're thinking about him."
His free hand skated down John’s back and rested briefly over the swell of John’s buttocks before sliding down to the back of his thighs.
every chapter is foregoing heavy edits. Editing for this chapter is complete.
Harriet was positively dull and naught but a fly in his ear. He indulged the little girl, pretending to listen, but John kept capturing his attention. The little hellion was flirting with him, then, staring coquettishly from under thick, dark lashes.
“We hardly left one another on good terms,” John stated, folding his hands into his lap.
"Uh, not... Jasper," John squeaked, face flaming red with embarrassment.
When the curtains closed after their final bow, Miss Vicky was well on her way to hounding him.
And this was as far he could go. "Dad, dad! I get it, just please" John implored, holding up his hands in surrender, "spare me the details."
"I'm at Kate's," Mike said, "I hadn't planned on staying, but I developed a bit of a fever today and she insisted I do. You know women, they don't think we can take care of ourselves."
At the moment, there was nothing that could be done for it except to return to Baker Street where John was waiting for him.
The next night had started off fairly pleasant before going spectacularly awry.
The room was cleaner than Sherlock had expected. In fact, it was rather elegant. The soft light from the crystal chandelier threw shimmering colours onto the champagne flutes, and laughing shadows on the walls. The walls of the large foyer were cream-coloured and gave the room a comfortable glow. At least there was that. Sherlock scowled, wondering if the ambience was all he’d find satisfactory about this place.
Shortly thereafter, a black cab pulled up and Sherlock Holmes stepped out, wrapped in bespoke and a black wool great coat, long legs unfolding from the backseat gracefully. He didn't look at all surprised to see John, however, almost as if he had expected this. Sherlock's eyebrows drew together slightly as he looked him over, taking quick notes of the split lip and bruised jaw, probably even deducing the discomfort of his arse from the way he sat.
things." He stretch the word feel like something bitter on his tongue, upper lips curling slightly on the e's. "That is... unprecedented."
John smiled, recognizing an olive branch when he was offered one. "I'm in Sutton," he stated, not sure why he'd offered that piece of information when it hadn't come up to begin with.
for updates, occasional excerpts and lots of Johnlock!
Curious, John asked, “What do they usually say?”
The third round of play was more sensuous than the first and second, slow and exquisite. This time, John was properly tied, his arms and legs tugged on either side of him and tied to the bedposts. Sherlock brandished the riding crop like an extended appendage of himself, his eyes alight with something more than lust. The first two times were only the beginning, John had come to understand, something to whet Sherlock's appetite, but this…
John smiled graciously, accepting the bowl with a nod. "Thank you, Ms. Hooper." He held the bowl with one hand and the other out for the woman to shake, which she took with a surprisingly strong grip into her own softer one. "John Watson."
The man trailed behind her in a sulk, grumbling in a resigned undertone, "It would be a mercy."
The hint of a smile pulled at the corner of Sherlock's lips as he turned to face John, bringing them chest to chest. "But you like it," he stated softly, without a doubt.
In the corner, a young couple played on their phones, interspersed with sporadic bursts of conversation. Two tables over, a group of businessmen chatted over full plates and half-empty glasses of wine. Next to him, a woman read quietly on her Kindle, a desolate plate of crumbs before her. She was beautiful, short, and curvier than convention dictated, with brunette hair that fell to her shoulder in waves. Her doe-brown eyes flitted down her screen as she sipped from a mug, totally disconnected from the world around her as she immersed herself in whatever she was reading.
Mike had asked that question no less than four times since they'd joined him in the kitchen, and Sherlock grimaced into his tea from where he leaned against the counter, trying hard not to deduce Mike to within an inch of his life. John could see his lip twitch, on the edge of spewing out something venomous every time that Mike repeated himself.
Fortunately, a knock at the door brought Sherlock’s reverie to a grinding halt. He didn’t need the extra time to think.
"Thank you," John said, moving closer so that Holmes could better hear him. This close, he could smell cigarettes and the smell of antiseptic lingering in the thick fabric of the Belstaff. Below it, a darker, headier scent called to John like a beacon, pulling him closer to the tall man. "Thank you for the food, and.. you know," he stammered, feeling silly.
“I'll have one of the nurses bring in a few pamphlets for you to look through-”
rewarded."
Julia’s vision blurred, distorting her son’s anguished features until she blinked and the soft tickle of tears skated down her cheeks.
John fell back against the bed with a huffed, “Fuck off,” before wrapping a hand around Sherlock’s neck and pulling him close.
The night before was nothing short of amazing, and John couldn't help wanting to stay snuggled in the warmth of Sherlock's body for as long as he could manage, but he knew if he did, he would never want to leave.
John wanted to turn and see if Sarah was melting under that decidedly aggressive glare that Holmes had her pinned under, but he was enraptured.
The silk sheets caressed his skin, a thousand gentle fingers stroking his body as he pushed back on the bed until he was at the head of it. The bed really was very large, with room enough to fit five adult males. Who, other than His majesty, apparently, needed a bed this big?
The answer was instantaneous, involuntary. "Of course I-"
Sherlock waited until he heard John’s footsteps on the staircase before checking to make sure the hob was clicked off.
Sherlock scrutinized the man closely for a few moments longer. Murray seemed a trustworthy man, honest, but his silence needed to be ensured. “That is a friend of mine. His name is John Watson. At the moment, he is training at Pirbright for active service in Afghanistan; Medical training, to my knowledge, ” Sherlock paused, waiting for a confirmation from Murray that he understood. “I want updates on his status during your time in training with him. I understand he will deploy at an earlier date and that the two of you won't be in the same unit, but while he is there, I want regular updates on his progress.”
"So you've decided to accept my offer." It was more of a statement, than a question. Nevertheless, John answered with a nod, shoving his hands in his pockets as he stared at the plethora of dangling lights and paper lanterns that lit the streets.
He strode out without bothering to wait for Liam. He’d catch up… eventually. Sherlock left the conference room and headed down the hall toward his office. Once there, he stepped in and shut the door behind him, hoping for a moment of peace without the drone of numbers and quotas clogging up his mind. A lunch break to text his dealer and schedule a meeting would be the cure-all.
The café John decided on wasn’t very big, but the stream of people going in and out seemed steady and the smell wafting from inside was delightful. He didn’t know why he’d chosen something so open, when he could have gone to a bar, slid into the booth and sipped his beer. It felt like one hurried, over-large step forward.
By the way Puppy's mouth twisted into a grimace, he obviously didn't understand. Tedious. Tedious. Tedious! Boring,
He didn't want to leave Jasper or Sherlock; it felt like abandonment, cowardice, whatever, but it wasn't as if he’d even had a choice. John hadn't had a chance to say goodbye to his mother and sister. Both hadn't been home since he’d returned and John hated that they would have to learn the news by a note he left tacked to the fridge. There were so many ties left loose, things unsaid that would stay that way, because John might never return.
Sherlock groaned and met John for each thrust. John's cock was blushing and tumid against his own, tears of pre-ejaculate tracking translucent streams over his foreskin.
The next room was a party of six, all engaged in some sort of sexual act. Sherlock had only attended one orgy during his time at the club, but he had never been good at sharing, so it hadn't been a memorable experience. The fourth room was vacant, but the fifth and sixth were couples who were bored with their sex lives and wanted to spice things up. Of course, most of these people were elite members of upper society. The club came with a high membership price, but Irene never made him pay. This was where it had all begun for Sherlock. Irene liked to refer to it as his home, free of rent, free of debt, always open to him.
The cabbie cleared his throat pointedly, lifting one shaggy, grey eyebrow in the rearview mirror when Sherlock snapped his eyes over to regard him. He retrieved his wallet and paid the fare, plus a bit more with added instructions. “If I’m not back in ten minutes, you may leave.”
“What?” he snarled, garnering a few startled stares from the other patrons, but it didn't matter.
John's father was quiet now, seemingly waiting for an answer to what John assumed were rhetorical questions. "Well, I... we haven't got all that sorted yet," he stammered, and flinched as his father raised a stern brow. "Okay, I just- I don't want mum to know yet! She'll freak!"
Sherlock gave him a look that clearly conveyed his impatience with John's inability to keep up. "No, you idiot, I fancy you, because you stand apart from the rest. I fancy you because you are the first person in many years that is causing me to
Perhaps John should have been paying closer attention, maybe he might have seen Sherlock's stormy gaze settle intensely on him, colder than it had been in weeks.
The man tossed the bucket aside, the loud clank as it hit the wall causing John to wince as the noise echoed loudly throughout the room. The dark haired figure knelt down, getting eye level with John, head tilted in curiosity. A pale set of gawkers surveyed John cautiously, and the steel he could see there left him unsettled under this man's scrutiny. Those peculiar eyes... He had seen them before.
"Of course," Lestrade nodded, placing a hand on John's shoulder to steer him to a set of stairs leading further up into the house. Behind them, the whispers floated to his ears, unintelligible but hostile, none the less. John turned to see Victor kneeling beside Sherlock's chair, where the alpha had returned to reclaim his seat, lips almost touching the other man's ear as he spoke. Sherlock's legs were crossed, body leaning toward the blond, but his eyes tracked John's movements across the room. Those piercing eyes were the last thing John saw before he and Lestrade rounded the corner and were out of sight.
The man’s pale eyes absorbed all the light in the room until they appeared to be shifting colours as he moved. For a moment, his eyes darkened as they traversed possessively over John's splayed form. “You don’t do this often.” John couldn’t tell if Sherlock was asking or stating what he assumed, but he answered anyway.
Sherlock pulled his fingers free and replaced it with his tongue, tasting himself on John's lips, and glided his hand down John's cock once, twice, three times until John was descending into a space he hadn't been in before. He had no control over it, like his body was falling away, as if he were floating. Everything dropped away but Sherlock, and John's orgasm was punching through him with unequivocal force. He was shivering all over and distantly he could hear Sherlock soothing him, speaking softly into his ear.
On the telly, the programme switched to adverts, and John stared through half opened eyes at a series of clips showing men and women traipsing through woods, hefting rifles through plain desert areas, dressed head to toe in camouflage. The scenes switched through clips of a Humvee wading through mud and soldiers with their occupations hovering in bold, white letters near their head.
“Six!”
, isn't that what Moriarty said?
Sherlock needed John.
The bedroom door at the end of the hallway opened, and John emerged looking enviously well-rested and much too content for a uni student with a mountain of debt and a murky future.
John nodded and continued anyway. "Boyfriend? It's all fine, really."
“I tried years back. There’s nothing I can do about Moriarty.”
Sherlock slid over the gap between them on the couch and invaded every space John made the mistake of thinking as his own, and captivated him.
Soft music played from obscure, overhead speakers, and the luminescent glow of the café left John melting back into the bench. When Holmes returned, John was a blink away from nodding off, but as soon as the man began skewering him with his keen gaze, he found himself alert once more.
"Not necessary, Molly," said Sherlock, turning the pram around to head towards the lab. "I know where you keep your results.
with John now? John had never met someone who could change gears so quickly and be quite so contrary. “Being on my knees is not ordinarily a problem, as long as it's not for too long.” Besides, it wasn't his knees that often gave John trouble; it was the leg and the godforsaken limp that wouldn't go away even though there was nothing physically wrong with it. The only injury was his shoulder, which also happened to be why he wasn't in Afghanistan now, but instead, kneeling in a confessional, flirting with a strange man who worked with and not for the police, and dressed up like a vicar while doing so. Nothing ever happens, indeed.
John sighed, stopping by the desk. “Can you see them, my cells?”
John’s gaze flicked to the ceiling and back, an involuntary response, though he was clearly remembering. Sherlock could barely contain his smile, but he bit down on it and waited. John was a slow thinker, considering how long it took Sherlock to convince him the first time, but he was wavering.
,” Sherlock complained, sobering quickly at the reminder. “Though, I do appreciate where this was going. Please, don't stop on my account.”
The music revved up, and Lady Grey rolled over onto her bum, her legs still parted lasciviously. She rolled her hips in a wave-like motion, thrusting, and revealed her throat and squared jaw to him. “Oh baby for all it's worth, I swear I'll be the first to blow—” Thrust. “—your” Thrust. “—mind.”
was John's first thought upon opening his eyes. Everything was encompassed in a thick darkness and the pounding in his head was nauseating. His tongue was thick with the flavour of stale ale, rancid breath and a terrible night's sleep.
It'd been a long day at school, even longer without Jasper's continued presence. His best friend had been the only real thing John could look forward to, where school was involved, at least. Jasper had been a light spot that John's personal life at home, with his mum and sister, couldn't touch. Now, he was fighting even more demons than before, while constantly trying to focus on the light at the end of the tunnel. John wasn't sure if there truly was a light at the end of this whole, sordid mess, but something had to happen, there had to be a silver lining.
John rubbed the back of his neck, his eyes looking everywhere but at Sherlock. “Am I gay?”
Sherlock's hands were moving up his stomach now, mapping the skin, filing away bits and pieces of John. It was a testament of his will that his knees didn't give out under that sure touch. Sherlock's body was stuck to him like glue, and John could feel a hardness pressing back against his belly.
was the work of things far more sinister, and John refused to believe that all humans were the same.
"Give me this," Sherlock whispered into his mouth; John thought it might be the breath of life. "Give me this before you leave me."
The atmosphere in the house had dropped to sub-zero after Sherlock's final announcement. No one wanted to believe Sherlock may never make it to the estate in Sussex. Lestrade, who'd been appointed leader in Sherlock's stead, hadn't been happy with the news, and only after a lengthy, private discussion in the hall, did the older man reluctantly accept his temporary responsibility.
The man stopped in the centre of the room and turned, crossing his arms and smiling in a way he thought might be seductive. Sherlock already missed John's bashful, self-deprecating smirk. The man opened his mouth to speak but Sherlock swiftly cut in, not wanting to ruin this illusion any further. “Don't talk.”
Silence reigned for a moment longer before Victor clapped once and rubbed his hands together. “Right. Enough o’ that. Let’s talk about you being my best man.”
“Well, they say things aren’t always what they seem to be,” The ringleader crooned into the microphone, drawing the stragglers into the grand room. Waiters in uniform slid deftly through the crowd, barely stopping to allow enough time for one to grab another glass.
Sherlock was collapsed exhaustedly over John's come-painted chest, breathing heavily where his nose nuzzled the smaller male's collarbone. John too, was catching his breath as he stared up at the ceiling, praying for the strength to be able to walk away when the time came.
........
"John's hungry," Sherlock stated, rolling his eyes as Mrs Hudson's eyebrow raised smartly. "Yes, I know. Not my housekeeper, but surely you wouldn't allow John to starve."
Sherlock didn't look at him, was afraid that his face would betray the swell of emotions swimming behind his gaze. His mouth, however, had always been uncontrollable. “More than.”
Placing the phone back into the cradle, John looked up to see the other man regarding him with a tiny smirk, though infinitely less annoying than the one Sherlock always gave him. "What," John inquired. It was a secretive look, once that he wasn't quite sure he appreciated from the stranger, but the man only broke eye contact, folding his hands behind his back in an awfully faux display of innocence.
“Mycroft,” he greeted without preamble. He listened for a moment before growing still, his pale features bleeding of further color.
Sherlock was closer now. John had no idea when it happened, when either of them moved, because his feet felt rooted in place. “John,” he said, failing to pitch his voice to Lady Grey’s. It was his, it was him, and Sherlock would have to take it in whatever way he chose, because John didn't want to have to pretend with him. He was nervous, though, and too afraid that Sherlock would see that he wasn't like Lady Grey and walk away.
The doorknob slipped from his grasp, smooth and cold as it slid away from his fingertips.
His face felt sticky and disgusting after the exertion of their earlier activities, and soon John would have to leave. Sherlock wanted him to stay, could tell by the way he leant in whenever John's eyes flicked to the clock on Sherlock's nightstand, but that would mean eventually taking off his clothes and make-up, which he had no desire to do in front of Sherlock, yet.
John shifted and Sherlock didn't need to see the shame in his eyes to know that he was berating himself, being so predictably ordinary that it pushed away the unease and replaced it with simmering anger. What
There, walking through the door was the man himself, Holmes, and a woman he didn't recognize from the office. She was petite and not very tall at all, but the five inch heels on her perfectly manicured feet brought her up to Holmes' jaw. Dark, ruby red lips curled in a flirtatious smile that lit up a feral green gaze. The woman’s glistening hair was pulled up into a polished knot, and she wore a simple, if elegant, inky wrap dress. She oozed grace and power... seduction, but most of all, she looked perfect standing beside Holmes.
His body was on fire, quivering with the force of his desire to take all that Sherlock would give him. John didn't think he could want someone so much, in so carnal a way. Since his exile to the streets, John hadn't used his body in any other way, but as a means to get what he needed to survive. Sex with strangers was rarely pleasurable, and more often than not, John was used quickly, and brutally and cast away like a leper as soon as the client got off.
He snarled, resisting the urge to grab at his hair and pull. Where was his heartlessness when he needed it? Where was that brutal, cold exterior he’d carefully crafted over the years? Where?!
It was too soon for love, knew that wasn't what he was feeling, but John knew himself well enough to know that he was deeply fascinated by Sherlock, and entranced in his spell. It was frightening and way past the boundaries he'd initiated in this... whatever it was he was doing with Sherlock.
Suddenly, however, the grin faded along with his father's playful countenance. "You have to be diplomatic with these sort of things, son. Now I know it seems like a bit of a thrill now, but you have to think ahead. What kind of man is this, and what are his intentions?"
John shook his head, stomach plummeting with anxiety and suspense. God, he was so ready.
Sherlock was very good at pretending he wasn't affected by Jasper leaving, but every night, John would watch him stand at the window, drawing his bow across the violin in a slow, melancholy tune that pulled at John in ways he'd rather not think of. He wanted to make things right between Sherlock and Jasper, and if that meant his leaving, John wouldn't hesitate to make that sacrifice.
John snorted, wondering if he should enable Sherlock's need to know everything that was going on at all times. It wasn't always attractive, and John knew that sooner or later, the novelty of it might wear off.
Sherlock paused. His body tensed and whatever warmth he’d attained quickly drained away.
“I did,” Sherlock agreed, running his leg up John’s calf. “Since the night I met you.”
His fingers inside John’s snug arse made his cock strain, wantonly curved and rigid against John’s slick belly. Sherlock massaged the gland, pulling John closer with the motion, unoccupied fingers digging into the soft skin of his buttocks.
Sherlock stopped again in front of him, looming over John as he was wont to do  even as a human. This time, John read the spark of mischief there. One minute, Sherlock was towering over his erect form, and then John was off, tailing him through thick brush and running faster than he ever had.
John laughed. “You berk, my couch is comfortable enough.”
Jasper abandoned the notion of stealth and shot down the hallway. There was a door at the end and a sign that displayed a set of stairs. The door was a heavy, metal nuisance but with a few hard yanks, Jasper was able to wrench it open and fly down the stairs. It should lead to an exit, Jasper thought. At the base of the stairs, Jasper breathed a sigh of relief. There was no one there and he could still hear where they were searching for him In the halls, kicking open doors and making too much noise for men who’d successfully invaded underground bunkers of known enemies of the government. This seemed tactless.
The rumble emitting from Sherlock's throat seemed to deepen and shake the ground beneath their feet. John had to fight his instincts to scrape his belly against the dirt in submission. One thing was clear, Sherlock wasn't planning on allowing the human to live.
The head of Sherlock's cock was hitting John's prostate with unerring accuracy, a feat Sherlock always seemed to be able to keep up with each time they had sex. Though, John thought, he shouldn't be surprised. He was sleeping with someone who was nothing short of a genius. If anyone knew the ins and outs of anatomy, it would be Sherlock.
Sherlock cleared his throat and twiddled with the hand of the cup, staring down into the milky liquid with something like apprehension. “John was–
Hearing him say what John was feeling only set it in stone, like a heavy thing sitting in the gap between their bodies. "Jasper and I never said anything to one another about how we've felt, but I suspected one us were going to crack at some turn or another. I never could have seen this... you, coming."
Once inside, things began to move swiftly between them, and John found himself sandwiched between the wall and Holmes' solid chest. It was glorious, and John couldn't help but to fall into him. Holmes backed him up the stairs clumsily, all the while, plundering his mouth with a clever and agile tongue that left John putty in his hands.
“Really, Jasper, you're much too similar to your father in all the worst ways.”
“Oh, terribly so.”
“I’ll give you some ooh-la-la. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi?”
"Molly," he said, by way of greeting, watching her cheeks redden slightly as she smiled. Molly was cute, but it was obvious in the way that Lestrade hovered proprietarily next to her that she was being courted by the older man, if not already his mate.
It felt wrong to leave this way, when John knew that he’d rather be back in Sherlock’s bed, talking until the room grew pale with morning light. Sherlock knew it, too, by the way he radiated disapproval, but wisely chose not to speak on it.
Sherlock scowled and finally stepped away. “Go away, Jim. We’ve had our fun, but your jealousy is boring me to tears.”
John stuck out a hand to stop him following. “Not happening. Remember when Irene walked in on us? Yes, not going to happen again,” he stated firmly. Just a few weeks ago, Sherlock was buggering his brains out on the vanity table and Irene barged in the door, only to eye Sherlock’s arse appreciatively until John shouted at her to get out.
John's gaze narrowed until only a sliver of those ocean water eyes were peeking through. The pheromones of an angry Alpha flooded through the room in a heady aroma imbued with a sharp sweetness that Sherlock likened to Hydrogen Cyanide. Unmistakably perilous, but impossible to ignore.
"I wouldn't protest too soon, if I were you, Anderson, except, I would never lower myself to such brainless idiocy. Whilst you were here, cowering on Mrs. Hudson's tit -
Above him, Sherlock shifted down further into his seat, head lolling forward the slightest bit, though the watchful gaze never wavered. The furrow between his brow grew deeper with each of John's attempts to swallow more of him, hunger thinly veiled behind vigilance and self-control.
Dangling from wooden pegs attached to the door, John could see just a plain, black riding crop and three different floggers, one, in particular, with a long, glass base and bull-hide tails. Cautiously, John reached out a hand and caressed the tips, feeling the heavy ribbons fall through his fingers, before moving on. The next flogger had a rounded, crystal base and suede tails that felt softer to the touch, as did the next, a simple leather flogger that eased John's worries, somewhat.
That was all he was going to say on the matter. Before Lestrade could carry on with that conversation, Sherlock turned to John, effectively cutting Lestrade out with his body language. “John, I'll need to take a blood sample.”
Thank you for reading and it's always nice to hear your feedback, so please leave a comment below. Con-crit is always welcome. Join me on
he longed to urge the man forward. His cock was thickening with the rush of blood, untouched, and starving for attention.
John frowned, rubbing the ridge between his brows with his forefinger and thumb. "Alright, you persistent old codger," John grumbled, to which his father smiled gleefully in return. Accepting his fate, John turned to confide in his father, feeling the weight in his chest give a little. "I've been seeing someone, and it just so happens that he is also my boss."
Almost immediately after, Sherlock's ringtone echoed loudly throughout the flat, drawing the attention of all three inhabitants to the mobile buzzing on the table. Without delay, a pale hand reached out and snatched it up quickly.
“I love seeing you this way,” Sherlock whispered, unable to resist John when he was like this. He allowed himself a moment, just this once, to take John by the jaw and direct those lips to his own. They were soft and wet, pliant and warm. John had already opened his mouth to him, so Sherlock entered, sucking John’s tongue with fervour, bit his lip and swallowed his gasps.
to the image on tumblr! Please show her some love if you can! Works like this need to go noticed! Thank you so much
Already the steam was seeping into John's skin, relaxing him as he watched Sherlock undress and fold his clothes neatly to place on the counter. Sherlock held a hand out to John and led them both to the bath, where he stepped in first, and then pulled John in to settle carefully between his lengthy legs.
,” Sherlock hissed. He couldn’t hear anymore. He stood in a flurry of wool on legs that felt unsteady. John had no idea what he was doing to him. Those words.
“Well I'm not
A swish of fabric was the only only warning John had before Sherlock was kneeling before him, one hand tangling in his hair to angle his face up until there was nowhere else to look but into bottomless azure eyes. When the light hit them just right, Sherlock's eyes became a stormy grey that melted John's insides until he was all but slumping forward, unable to tear himself away.
The boys are finally "bonding" and Sherlock's shadowy past gets a little bit clearer.
," Sherlock emphasized with his hands, gesturing towards John's plaid button down and denims, "while representing my company."
Many believed that taming an Alpha involved whips and chains, and radical methods of breaking one's spirit. Sherlock was aware that there were many tamers who chose such means to get through to an Alpha, but Sherlock chose a rather unconventional method.
Even though he despaired of his position and life at the moment, John smiled and thanked the kind woman once more.
Sherlock, already seated, stood as John approached, his eyes scanning him scrupulously from head to toe. Even something so simple caused his stomach to flip flop pleasantly, and the skin of his neck to warm.
, it read, and directly beneath it, Sherlock Holmes, stood out in bright, bold letters. John gasped, his heart skipping a beat, and quickly slid a finger across the screen to pull up the message.
Sherlock was an odd alpha, one that seemed irresponsible and carefree; despairing of his position as pack leader. In the forest, Sherlock had run off without a thought for Molly or Lestrade's safety, but John assumed it happened often, because neither one of the wolves pursued him. Even though these were the qualities of an abhorrent leader, John found it embarrassingly easy to submit to Sherlock.
A steady vibration was humming against the dip of his neck, and Sherlock slid down the wall, boneless, realizing that his body was responding to the wordless communication. A deep, guttural growl was emitting from John's throat, and Sherlock responded in kind. His bent legs were open and Sherlock knew how wanton he appeared, staring up from beneath his lashes with his cock pressed up against his trousers.
Once she’d recovered, on their next pass, Irene nicked his hat and put it on, blowing John a cheeky kiss.
John already knew who it was before he turned to look.
"The only way I'm cooking anything is if you help." There, John put his foot down and Sherlock could take it or leave it. By the incredulous grimace taking hold of his aristocratic features, John didn't see that happening.
God, the man was magnetic.
John stared up at him and reached out a hand to stroke Holmes’ lovely cock, already feeling an odd ownership of it. Holmes leant down and captured his lips in a wet, messy embrace as he aligned his cock to John’s arsehole.
The phone buzzed quietly, and Sherlock lifted it up to his eyes.
Sherlock ground up against John, searching for relief, but John wasn't ready to give it to him. He didn't want this to be a quick shag, like it was when he had no choice but to sell his body. He wanted this to be a fuck he would never forget.
He draped himself across John’s back and threaded a hand beneath John’s body, reaching up until he had the base of John’s throat sitting in his palm. He used the leverage to pull him up as much as possible with the restraints and fucked him, mind disconnected from his mouth as he babbled praise in John’s ear.
Near the evening, Sherlock took another blood sample from John.
When he looked up, Sherlock was leaning back on his elbows, trying to keep his eyes open as John swallowed until the head of his erection hit the back of his throat. He dipped the tip of his tongue into the hole of Sherlock's cock and gave a long, slow suck, triumphing at the break in his lover's voice as he tried to say John’s name.
Half an hour later, John was freshly showered and wrapped in a robe he'd found hanging up on the bathroom door. It was a bit long on his arms, but Sherlock's scent was heavy on it, and the silk was soft against his skin.
John made a noise between a frustrated groan and a wheeze as he inhaled the scent of Sherlock's slick.
Molly released him and nodded with understanding, wiping the back of her hand across her cheek, catching a few stray tears. “Whatever you decide, just... don't die, okay?” That, John could certainly try not to do.
Join me on
“Did you do it on purpose, John? Setting your sweet little arse on me, making it so I can’t think about anything else but you?”
What exactly was he doing?
over anyone. This could all be just as easily solved with a simple phone call. No need to jump through all these complicated hoops.
There was a faint blush on Sherlock's cheeks, as if John had reprimanded him. “I thought I'd wake up to your resignation on my bedside table, but you're still here.” Sherlock sounded perplexed, and when his pale eyes flicked up to connect with John's, they were flecked with curiosity. “I'm not sure that I'm completely comfortable with being surprised so often.”
“Is someone in trouble,” John enquired. He didn't have his Browning at hand, but he still remembered a few basic lessons in combat.
John shifted, jostling the bed as he slid to sit at the end of the bed. In his peripheral, Sherlock could see him run his hands through his hair. “Whatever you need, Sherlock.”
For the last hour, John observed Sherlock ignoring everyone else, in lieu of lying supine on the couch with his eyes closed. His breaths were deep and even, but that was the only indication that he wasn't just an unoccupied vessel. John wondered where the leader's mind was, or if he was thinking of their impromptu tryst in the woods, that morning. John was incapable of conjuring up any other image, than a blood-soaked, feral man rutting against him. It was driving him to madness.
John shrugged, taking another sip of his tea with a content smile.
"Don't," Sherlock shouted, the word echoing and bouncing off the walls, more open and vulnerable than Sherlock had ever allowed himself to be with anyone other than John. It felt wrong, but there were no limits to what he would do for John Watson. Not by far. "Even if I told you, you would have me sectioned."
John smiled to himself, hoping that the question irritated Holmes as he hoped it would. Sarah, whom John had forgotten was sitting beside him, delivered a tiny poke to his ribs. "Do you have someone new I don't know about? I haven't seen you blush like that in ages."
Sherlock traced the line of a vein in John's neck, following the pale thread up until it led over his chin, to soft, supple lips. John would want to be active duty; he enjoyed the challenge, wanted the excitement, which would mean Afghanistan or Iraq. Sherlock tried to picture John's likely transformation after time in the sun. He pictured an older John, weathered from the sun, how his blue eyes would stand out against his tan skin, the sturdiness of his form after days of running, training. Sherlock hoped that one day he would be able to see this John, alive and well, even if it had to be from a distance.
It was Friday and John was off of work, so he had nothing to do but sit back and despair over the fact that any sort of relationship with Sherlock would probably not be a secretive one.
John nodded, rubbed the tears from his eyes before his friend could see them, and jumped off the couch. "Have you got anything to eat? I'm feeling a bit peckish."
From the moment Jim's eyes landed on John, Sherlock knew of his malicious intent, and although he hid it cleverly, the jealousy peaked from behind wide brown eyes.
“You've only just returned to London, recently discharged from the army, oh, about a month ago. Somewhere where the weather is consistently warm and high power rifles are not only handled, but entirely necessary, so active service, not reserve. There are currently two places that fit this description in which the British military is currently deployed: Afghanistan and Iraq. Which one is it?"
John locked eyes with Sherlock, tongue licking out to lap at the blood on his muzzle, and he watched as those pale eyes darkened hungrily. He stepped closer to the three wolves staring back at him with cautious admiration, though John never once tore his eyes from the only one that truly mattered.
"Get in," Sherlock ordered, pointing to the large, empty bed.
Holmes smoothly rounded the corner, where John couldn't even turn on his heels without the soles of his cheap shoes squeaking loudly against the floor. He envied the posh git his gracefulness.
"Yeah," John finally replied, flinching at the surge of emotions he was struggling to keep down. "Yes, I'll be fine."
Murray matched his stare and asked quietly, “And if I refuse?”
John nodded, shooting his employer a placid smile, though it did not match the storm brewing inside. "Very well, sir. Janine is a brilliant teacher."
John gave up and swung his eyes up to meet Sherlock's, immediately drawn into his iridescent gaze. Sherlock's eyes flitted between his own, processing and storing information that John couldn't even begin to understand. His lips were particularly inviting, a rosebud pink from the cool air and moist from the wine he imbibed. John wanted to lean across the table and run his tongue across them without a care for who was watching.
Then he inhaled sharply, screwing his eyes shut as he knelt on one knee, head bowed. John's fingers touched the soil, remembering the tread of everyday life; hunting with the pack, roaming with Bill, his sister, Harry. He didn't cry. No, some things were best left for privacy. Sherlock didn't comfort him, but his silent companionship was enough. Even then, Sherlock watched him, was always watching, but this time there was the promise of something darker and pensive.
There was the truth of it all. Caring was
The question didn't necessarily catch him off guard, but John didn't know quite how to answer it. What would he have Sherlock do; fire him? John could use the money, but did he really deserve the job. Case in point: the activities of the night before, and the fact that not only did he not show up for work that day, but he was naked in a robe, sitting in his employer's flat having lunch.
The foyer was sparsely occupied, save for a few couples slobbering over one another and a man he was certain was cheating on his husband with one of the drag queens. He lingered there for a time, observing the other club patrons and deducing them savagely in his mind, before he passed through the entrance and into the cool night air, pulling his cigarette pack and lighter from his pocket.
"Sh-Sherlock," he hissed as he pulled away. The man's lips were swollen a rouge red, and his pale eyes were nearly luminous with desire, bright and piercing as they peered into John's own unforgivingly. This was primal need, a fulfillment of something dark that Sherlock mirrored in his own eyes.
Only a short ways from finishing school and John was being shipped off to the army. Possibly, they would let him finish his education, but John always figured when that time came, that he would be amongst friends. It was a depressing thought.
John cleared his throat, but failed to dignify Sherlock with a response.
It was too good to be true, and yet John found himself hoping for it nonetheless. If it turned out to be true, then it would be better than any Christmas gift John could ever receive. “And last night,” John asked reluctantly, “will there be more of that.”
Sherlock raised his chin, stubbornly refusing to answer. Murray was itching to get to Pirbright, obviously. He hated London, couldn't afford it, and he was tired of routine. He wouldn't be offended by Sherlock's meddling, not that he would have a choice, but he was an honourable man, and he would have questions that Sherlock would rather not answer.
After patrolling a little further into the woods, the pack regrouped and made their way back to the den, exhausted and hungry after the morning exercise.
He must've looked a fright, but he didn't care. Sherlock tore down the hallway, intent on tearing Mycroft, or whoever he’d sent to do his dirty work, to shreds.
John was up and ready to go after him, but Sherlock held up a hand. "Don't," he ordered. "He's going to need time to think. Jasper will come back when he's ready."
Lady Grey released the man and the showgirls circled her briefly, spinning, before they disbanded into a line to do their routine. Up above them, some acrobats tangled around their silks gracefully, while others swung expertly across the room, crisscrossing one another.
Soon enough, the cab was pulling up to Baker Street and Sherlock was leaning forward to pay the cabbie. The walk inside was a quiet affair. It wasn't late, but there was no sound from Mrs Hudson’s flat, so either she was away or already sleeping. Either way, the trek up the stairs was silent and mercifully brief.
John couldn’t stop his lips from curling up as Sherlock at last took a breath, gazing at him somewhat bashfully after he’d concluded his deduction.
“Touch me,” Sherlock whispered, and John's eyes sparkled with lust and something purely animalistic that drove Sherlock to annihilation. He wanted John's hands on him, wanted to feel what it was like to be touched without hatred or fear, wanted those inexperienced hands learning skills down his body. Wanted John's fumbling lips burning prints on his belly. And he wanted… he wanted John in a way he hadn't had a man in years.
"Here we are," Mike said, setting down a bottle in front of John.
"Actually, I think I forgot to tidy up a bit over there," John stated, pointing to the area where he'd prepared Sherlock's tea. It wasn't a total lie, as he's been rushing to make tea for his boss before his arrival, and left the area a right mess; now it was a perfect opportunity to avoid Sherlock's less than subtle attempt at closing the distance between them.
Sherlock flashed him a handsome, lopsided smile that made his eyes glitter, and turned to jog up the last set of stairs without waiting for John. He threw the door open and started in. John followed at a more sedate pace. He hadn’t had trouble with his leg for years, but he still hated stairs.
He didn't have to beg. John knew what he wanted. Before Sherlock could come, John unraveled Sherlock's legs from round his neck. He hadn't noticed he'd wrapped them so tightly round John.
John could have done nothing worse at that point but to reject him. Instead, John held his gaze and nodded, granting Sherlock permission to peel back another one of his layers.
After their early morning activities and what was happening now, John felt so torn between getting up and walking away, and lunging across the small space that separated them. John had never met a man that looked so hungry when their eyes fell on him. In every interaction they'd had, there was that constant, covetous beast lurking just beneath the exterior. Earlier had only been a taste, and John was curious what else that beautiful mask was hiding away.
“Fine,” Sherlock snapped, working himself up into a snit as John said a final goodbye to Greg and shut the door to the flat behind him. “Idiot,” he hissed fiercely at the door, before clamoring over to the window on heavy feet. Greg watched silently as Sherlock pulled back the curtain and scoured the street below with disdain.
The next morning, Sherlock roused from his uncomfortable sitting position to find John standing next to him on the bed on wobbly legs, one hand on Sherlock's shoulder for balance. His hair was longer, blonde tendrils curling in disarray around the curve of John's ear and his teeth were beginning to grow in. John giggled and bounced on his legs as Sherlock lifted his head to stare wide-eyed. John was approximately eleven to twelve-months now, and Sherlock had fallen asleep and missed it!
- and it never felt better.
“Oh, God, yes.”
John sat up sharply at that, becoming aware for the first time that morning that he was completely naked. "Wh-what, I thought you said he'd be gone a few days."
John pulled away and sat up, reaching blindly for the lamp with fumbling hands, worried that something was seriously wrong with Sherlock, but when he clicked on the light, he realized what it was.
"Stupid, stupid," Sherlock growled, slapping a hand against the side of his head in frustration. How could he have allowed himself to be so blinded.
The other hand had bypassed his swollen scrotum and now teased the skin of John's perineum, with light, tantalizing presses.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, letting his head drop against the back of the chair. “Meaning, no court in London will convict Jim Moriarty. While I’m sure whatever he’s returned for means nothing good for Scotland Yard and your workload, it would be a waste of my time to pursue him.”
John grunted and pushed past Sherlock and to the tabloid that sat on the kitchen table, where it'd been since that morning. Looking at it made his chest clench, even then. "Have you read any of this yet?" John picked up the newspaper and the tabloid, waving them around briefly, before tossing them carelessly back onto the table.
Sherlock blended into the crowd and waited for the show to begin.
John broke the staring match first and looked down at his sandwich, not feeling so hungry anymore. He placed the food on the wrapper and stood, brushing crumbs off his trousers as he headed for the door. "I'm going to call and check on my mum. Be right back."
When John awoke, the storm had passed for the most part, and the sky was pale and clear. His sleep hadn't been disturbed by ghostly figures, but each time he would drift between moments of sleep and consciousness, John always had the distinct sensation that he was being watched.
It was a cold statement, one that even John felt the sting of, and Victor stepped away, as if scalded. What could accurately describe the pain of watching a loved one leave, with no knowledge as to whether you will ever see them again? It was the slowest of tortures; always dwelling on your last minutes with that person, and whether you said everything you needed to say before they were gone.
," he breathed. "You can't even look at me."
This was Greg’s first thought upon being rudely awakened by whatever the fuck his bloody lunatic flatmates were getting up to downstairs.
The front door was locked, which was unusual, but Greg just figured that either John or Sherlock had secured it for once. He shrugged off his unease and deftly unlocked the door, prepared to get in and out. It was a two bedroom flat and Sherlock often slept on the couch, but Lestrade wouldn't be surprised if he was in the room. Sherlock and John sometimes—“platonically”—shared a bed, so Greg didn't waste another moment thinking of the empty couch. He did pause, however, at the loud thump from the direction of John's room.
Not two seconds after he sent the message, a new text buzzed in from Sherlock.
Sherlock kept the media mum, but it put John at ease that Sherlock had the power to do something about it. God knows John doesn't have any kind of money to be bribing journalists.
"Don't be ridiculous, John, you have nowhere else to go," Sherlock stated not unkindly. His face was curiously blank, offering no clues as to how he was feeling.
John walked unsteadily to his vanity and wilted onto the bench. Irene was right. He looked dreadful, and for some reason, that excited Sherlock. John’s reflection appeared wrecked and mussed, and he would even go so far as to say skanky. He reached for a wet towelette and carefully wiped away the smudged make-up, until he began to resemble something human again.
When the silence grew uncomfortable, John cleared his throat, his eyes glued to his folded hands in his lap. “I assume you already know about my sister, Harry?”
Sherlock shot John a curious look, eyes running over his face for a fraction of a second before he continued. "So named after the fairy tale, Hansel and Gretel. The children dropped breadcrumbs to retrace their steps when they ventured into the forest, and the hunters have taken that idea and reinvented it, quite cleverly, I might add."
John shook his head slightly in befuddlement, wary as he took in Sherlock's quick response and the gleam in the alpha’s eyes as he watched John fidget beneath his gaze. “What could I possibly have that you would want?”
Sherlock tilted his head, agreeing with John. “Not currently looking, either. Flatmates are tedious.” As he spoke, he drifted closer until they were chest to chest. “You’re nervous.”
Holmes' hand was ran up his side, skimming over his ribs as he dominated John's mouth. The light touch caused John to flinch, trying not to giggle as Holmes inadvertently discovered ticklish places John hadn't even been aware of. A finger pad traced slow, arousing circles over his nipple. John pulled away, a ragged moan tearing from his throat as he fought to control the orgasm building from their passionate embrace, alone.
“Got a new one already, I see. Didn't figure him for your type, but you do like a bit of rough, don't you, Sherly.”
Sherlock stubbed out his cigarette and retreated to the loo to clean up. He donned his suit and grabbed his phone and wallet, keys, then left the room.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and tightened his jaw on the harsh words that strained at the back of his throat. “Did I not say that he is a friend,” he snapped, annoyed that he had to reiterate when the explanation had been a simple one.
“Keep your leg round my waist,” Sherlock ordered and let go. He smiled, pleased when John obeyed. With his free hand, he reached down to spread him further.
John furrowed his brows, shooting Sherlock a stern look. “And you’re going by yourself?”
Sherlock eyes slid to John, the cup and back, curious. “Tea, at this hour?”
John shivered, wrapping his arms around his bared body and eyeing the door at the end of the hall nervously. He hoped no one walked through and saw him in the state that he was. Despite what people thought, first impressions do matter, and John didn't want to come off as defenseless to these new wolves. It was important that they saw he wasn't intimidated by them. If the pack was anything like Lestrade described them, John knew he would have to prove himself, no matter that he would only be there a few days. The wolves needed to know that if their den came under siege while he resided there, he would be fit enough to fight alongside them. If not, he was as good as useless.
Sherlock pulled them to the door at the end of the hall, opening it to a, surprisingly, neat bedroom and a large bed covered in champaign-coloured silk sheets and a soft down that John would bet what precious items he had to his name, would feel just as glorious on his skin as they looked.
His eyes felt glued open, straining and dyed a faint red, John was sure, from sleep deprivation. He wouldn't be able to sleep now, not after the unexpected meeting with Jim Moriarty. John never felt more awake.
Bill laughed and it echoed hauntingly in between the trees. There were no sounds for miles; just Bill and his own voice and Sherlock's sharp gaze prickling at the back of his neck.
“I'm awake, Bill.”
Upstairs, Mrs Hudson wrapped a quilt around his supine body on the couch, and Sherlock closed his eyes and allowed himself to implode (finally).
"Hm, depends on your sources. I'm sure there are many things you've read about me," Sherlock sniffed, though he was quite enjoying the exchange.
Her partner spun her deftly around the stage until she curled her arms around his neck, her back pressed against his chest. When she pulled away, she released a white scarf from his collar. Innocent.
Everything was much the same when he entered the building, down to the pretty, raven haired secretary with the scarlet lipstick. She beamed, recognizing John from before, and nodded towards the row of lifts that would take him to the thirty-fourth floor.
“Perfect. This might sting a bit.” Sherlock brought the crop down on John’s arse with just enough force for the pain to flare, but not enough to linger. John hissed in a breath, blinking hard once as he tried not to make a sound. A patch of red was already blooming on his left cheek where the blow had landed.
Finally, she took her husband’s hands in between her own and met his hopeful brown eyes.
Greg left, a smile tugging at his lips. He was happy for the berks, but in a way, it felt like the end of an era. He didn’t much fancy being a third-wheel, not when he had a pretty lady waiting for him across town.
Beyond vexed that Lestrade interrupted them, Sherlock sat up, tucking away his—unsatisfied—erection. Damn you, Lestrade.
John flushed warmly at the realization. Bill used to do the same for him all of the time, which worked because Bill's weak side was his left hand. They protected one another.
One hundred percent willing to have things shoved up his arse, flogged, spanked, bitten, prodded, abused. Could John really say that he was one hundred percent willing to have those things done to him and come out perfectly alright?
It was during his daily walk (also recommended by Ella) in the park that he saw someone he hadn't seen in years. John had closed himself in his bedsit and finally convinced himself to leave after endless boredom. The walls had begun to close in on him, so John escaped. Now, he didn't know if he regretted that decision or if it were the best one he’d ever made.
Try as he might to keep a firm grip on himself, Sherlock was fighting an uphill battle and losing.
"There," the brunette waved a dismissive hand in John's general direction. "You're free. Get out."
Of course, that was inaccurate. It had been three minutes, during which, like any man of war, John was assessing his opponent. The thought of finally,
To John, any other wolf with a pack strapped around their shoulder would look ridiculous, but on Sherlock, it disappeared against his dark, hulking figure. The mass of his midnight fur enveloped it until it was barely visible.
“In my line of work, I'm in need of an assistant. You’d be well compensated and have a roof over your head should you accept.”
Mrs Hudson came close, grabbing a tiny fist between her fingers as John gave her a wide, toothless smile.
"Your guilt is unnecessary; we can't go back and change the past, but I will tell you this, John. I don't make it a habit of being dishonest and I've never hidden any aspect of my life from my son." Sherlock's voice was firm with the conviction of his words, and John found he couldn't argue with the man. "Jasper will find out, eventually, and when he does, I'm not going to deny anything we've done here tonight. You will find that I have very few regrets in this life, but having you in my bed is not and never will be one of them."
“Oh no, oh there I go again. I need a spanking, 'cause I've—” Sway. “—been—” Sway. “—bad.” Sherlock’s erection pressed insistently against his trousers. Watching Lady Grey dance so flagrantly sexual, so shamelessly was nearly too much. Not only was his mind overloading with all the possible positions he could take her in, but data was spilling into his mind palace at an alarming rate. Rooms were filling up that he hadn’t even known he had, and Sherlock was helpless to stop it. “So let my body do the talkin'. I'll slip you that hot, sweet, sexy loving.”
John, and Sherlock was helpless to stop his obsession.
Mrs Hudson was just poking her head out of 221A as John reached the bottom of the stair, and John nodded a goodbye as the old woman flinched and placed a hand over her mouth at another loud crash from the upstairs flat.
know we’re in a church, and what their thoughts on homosexual relations are?” he said, shaking his head in wonder. Well, that was only partially true. Since John's younger days, some churches had changed their views, but he’d be hard pressed to find many that were openly accepting of the LGBT community. For his part, Sherlock didn't seem to care about the technicalities one way or another.
John: Veteran, survivor, entertainer, lover. How else could the man possibly surprise him?
His emotions ranged from the numbness that came with the shock, to the anger and resentment that tore through him so furiously that it constricted his throat and clouded his vision. Sherlock knew that by the end of the night, he would make it so he wouldn't have to think about a thing.
"Mr. Holmes would like to know what is the reason for your visit..." Yeah, that was the best he had. On the other end, Sherlock was grumbling into his ear like a sulking teenager.
John raised his phone and peered at the screen with solemnity.
"Thank you," John whispered, throat tight around the words. "It means a lot to me, our friendship."
John's eyes scanned around the room searching for anything to keep his mind off of the past several days. The excitement of the last several hours had kept his mind occupied, but now John couldn't keep the image of his kin away, dead eyes staring back at him, lips slack and bloodied. It took his breath away, and before John knew it, he was pulling his legs on the bed and into his chest to quell the pain he felt there.
Sarah threw the clothes on the bed and tapped her finger on her lips with a quick, speculative glance in John's direction. "Those will do," she muttered under her breath, before flying out of the room with a, "get dressed, I'll be back in a tic!"
God, if he hadn't felt his soul leave his body for a moment, because this couldn't have been anything other than a sweet, peaceful death. It was brilliant and genuine, something John hadn't been privy to in a long time.
Blond hair was flattened unattractively in the back where his head had been tilted against the tree. There was a dull ache where the bark caught and tugged a few stray strands of hair free. John knew he was avoiding the most important part: his back. He was afraid to see, afraid to acknowledge that he'd lost control of himself under Sherlock's spell, and allowed himself to be taken advantage of in a moment of vulnerability.
She felt betrayal above all, bright and sparking like a livewire as she whispered his name and commanded his attention. John owed her that much, to look into her eyes and see how much his absence hauled her spirit over the coals.
Every word that tumbled from his lips left an acrid taste behind, and John wanted nothing more than to take them back. Sherlock only watched him with impenetrable, flinty eyes, offering no out for him.
John was grinding on his finger, pushing up against Sherlock’s engorged cock with every needy thrust.
Sherlock never came to look for him. The man had been in and out of the flat most of the week doing God knows what, without extending an invitation to John as he had before. It was as close to rejection as John had ever gotten, and so he kept his distance, allowing Sherlock the space to deal with this travesty in his own way.
John wasn’t completely surprised. Ten years in the industry and he’d learned to work with what he had. Holmes wasn’t the first complete tit John had the misfortune of working with. He was, however, the best-looking one so far.
The latter waved him over readily enough, while Sherlock's eyes scoured the tree line, vigilantly. He doesn't spare John a glance when he comes to stand beside Lestrade, though John can feel Sherlock's attention just as acutely as he would if the man were pinning him with his penetrative stare.
“Last night, I'd come to the conclusion that what I may be feeling for you is something that I previously thought out of my range of capabilities. I wasn't sure what to make of it, or you for that matter.”
John's skin was crawling almost intolerably, the wolf inside prodding insistently at him to relinquish control and give over to the beast. He grit his teeth at the unpleasant sensation building up, like claws raking violently down his chest; of a million tiny insects marching under his skin; fire licking at his feet. Changes were always intense for John, so much that it left him gasping and curled into himself when it was over.
Sherlock sighed loudly, verdigris eyes narrowing as his lips curled into a snarl that distorted what John would otherwise think were rather unconventionally attractive features. "What is it with you and your ridiculous supplications? Lestrade, the hero; Lestrade the savior. One day," Sherlock said, eyes gone completely cold, "I will no longer listen to them."
It was him, but then it wasn’t. This John held himself differently; straighter. Prouder. He was older, too, obviously, and darker from copious amounts of sun exposure. The most notable difference, however, was the addition of a cane, medical grade. Psychosomatic leg injury, Sherlock noted. John was at a crosswalk waiting for traffic, clearly distributing his weight evenly on both legs. The cane looked like little more than a prop.
John would never be able to give him that. And John didn't take Moriarty for a bluffing man; if John stayed, those pictures would be sent out to every media outlet in England, and no amount of PR money could buy out every single journalist in the country with a story like the one Moriarty would give them. The decision was instantaneous.
John stiffened, one hand reaching absently up to his breastbone, the other seeming to hold his weight up with the door. His breath hitched, and he licked his lips. Sherlock’s eyes dropped to follow his tongue, unable to catch his breath fast enough at the surge of memories attached to that appendage.
Murray's eyebrows rose, and he stuttered a laugh. “Straight to business, are we?”
All the anger had fled from Sherlock's eyes, replaced by the curiosity, the need to know. All that stood between John and the door was Sherlock's addiction to knowledge.
“Sit on the bed,” Sherlock ordered, standing straight to hover over John, partly in the hope that John would acquiesce, and also because of the overwhelming urge to take, to possess. John as Lady Grey was thrilling and alluring, but as himself, Sherlock had never felt half as tempted to uninhibit himself, to lay claim and conquer the territory of John's body.
The loam was creeping up his ankle with a much grace as a serpent.
Playlist:
It’d been two weeks since “THE scene”, as John began to refer to it; the one where Sherlock strung John up, fucked him out of his mind and then gently bathed his aching body, afterwards. The next morning he roused painfully with an aching backside and numbs limbs. John nearly tore Sherlock's head off when he tried to convince John to leave the bed, because it was
The others follow suit, and the abrupt transition rattles John's bones painfully as he rushes the shift to keep pace with the alpha.
to conduct his meeting with Sherlock Holmes, the notoriously icy CEO of Holmes Pharmaceuticals. His personality was really all John had heard about the man, and none of them were very good things. Of course, John wasn't the type of person to judge someone based on hearsay. But if the rumors were true, John was definitely out of his league in being the one to interview Holmes.
John could only think of one solution to his food problem. The thought made him gag, but the rumble of his empty stomach pushed all of his complaints to the back of his mind. He would have to find a public bathroom and patch himself up, scrub down and throw on his street clothes.
John, having already endured enough vague chatter for the night, fell into the trap easily, eager for a fight. “Oh, me? Hm, nothing really, just wondering what in the bloody hell I just witnessed. Not everyday I'm on a date and said date begins flirting right in front of me.” He said it calmly, but his words were brusque and forcefully polite. Sherlock didn't appreciate it one bit.
"Look at you, so close already, I can feel your balls drawing up," Sherlock said, his voice low and breathy, then planted a soft kiss on the head of John's cock, where it peeked from beneath his foreskin.  "You won't get to come until I've fucked you properly."
"So...," John started, a pathetic prelude to what he was sure would be an excruciating discussion, "you want to use all of that," he motioned with a slight shoulder tilt to the cupboard, "on me?"
, there's no way out but through that door. I've studied the blueprints of this building through and through, so unless Förstner can conjure up a magical door," Sherlock rambled on in a harsh whisper, gesturing widely with his hands, "then the only way he's getting out of this building is by killing us, and I assure you, John, that will not be happening."
Sherlock could be lying, but there was no way for John to prove it. His aggravation appeared sincere, but John didn’t yet know everything that Sherlock was capable of.
Holmes tensed, and John was almost sure the man was going to push him away, but surprisingly, he felt a large hand settle on the small of his back with possessive finality.
John's breath skittered across his cheeks as Sherlock pulled away, eager to watch the ecstasy transform him into something disturbingly beautiful. Nothing could compare to the reality of John spread beneath him, a canvas more poignant and vivid than anything Leonardo da Vinci or Michelangelo could ever depict. John’s pupils had blown to large black holes that devoured the turbulent seas of his volatile navy eyes. They seemed to shift by the second, vacillating emotions that always surrendered to one in specific: Want.
“It wasn't me they wanted. They weren't gay, they would say,” John replied, his clasped fingers pressing into the skin on the back of his hands. “I was just a warm body for them to use.”
As far as Greg knew, John had never been with a man, besides Sherlock. Would he go for the blowjob or would he use his hand? Perhaps they might retire to the room and Sherlock would fuck him? Or would they fuck on the couch? Greg knew if they did, he would never sit there again, because if he did, he would blush every time, thinking about the time his flatmates shagged exactly where he was sitting, then Sherlock would want to know why he was avoiding the couch, and further deduce that Greg had seen everything.
The sound of wood scraping against wood was the only warning John received before Sherlock was down to his level, on his knees with one hand pressed to the screen and the other out of sight. “Yes, do it,” Sherlock breathed, his pale eyes riveted to John's fingers, lips parted.
Sarah shook her head solemnly. "I don't know if getting involved with him is a good idea. You said yourself, something was off about him." She folded her arms over her chest and fixed John with a stern look from under her lashes.
If he hadn't ruined the chance to already, John was going to tell Sherlock yes, yes to whatever arrangement he wanted.
Cafe Rouge wasn't very far from Mike and his shared flat, just a ten minute walk, and not a penny wasted on a cab or the Tube, much to John's delight.
Once outside, they stood beside the door for a moment, neither of them wanting to go home to their empty flats alone. Then again, John hadn’t planned to either.
“Don’t you?” Sherlock’s lips pressed together into a delighted smirk; the cupid’s bow of his upper lip was enticing. “I think you could make an exception this once, seeing as I’ve had you and we both quite enjoyed it. I’m certain it can only get better from here.”
had he gotten himself into?
“Sherlock,” John prodded with a little kick to his calf. “My shoulder.”
Sherlock kneeled above him, his knees on either side of John's ribs, and guided John's slick fingers between his legs. John's breath hitched as Sherlock's swollen bollocks glided over his wrist, and inhaled at the sensation of the tip of his finger pressing against the ring of Sherlock's sphincter.
The others followed in kind, as though it were usual. John wasn't terribly shy about his body, but he didn't know any of these wolves, and he didn't trust them either.
John turned back to glance at Sherlock, wondering what the Alpha could possibly have said to Victor, that the man would willingly approach him, yet, Sherlock had already vanished.
Sherlock smiled. “Yes.”
Come talk to me on
Wasn't this what he wanted? An out? Didn't he want to mend the relationship between Jasper and Sherlock? There was no way that could happen while he was still involved with Jasper's father. Things would continue to fester, and Jasper would resent him, and Sherlock would never want to lay eyes on him again. Could be live with himself if he didn't let them have their chance to reunite, without the burden of betrayal and anger, and this wedge between them that was a sixth former from a broken home?
“Where?” Sherlock snapped, his breathing laboured and voice trembling as he sprung into action, grabbing his keys and coat, not bothering to put it on as he swept to the door. “I'm on my way.”
His captor turned only his head as he answered, not quite looking at him, but for some reason, John felt like he had this mystery person's attention.
“It always is,” Sherlock said, running his fingers over John's toes. John wiggled them, smiling widely down at the wonderful berk reclining lazily in his bed. “I actually came for a reason, but as always, you're a distraction.”
The man himself chose that moment to reveal himself, all bespoke and lean lines. John could feel his eyebrows threatening to reach his hairline, so he turned and made himself busy with preparing the tea. "Jasper, your grammar is atrocious. Every time you talk, it's like someone's taking a cheese grater to my brain."
Sherlock didn't move or say anything, but John could feel those all-seeing eyes, picking him apart, though allowing John to say what happened in his own words. He was grateful that Sherlock had never blurted out his story, as the Alpha was prone to do with private things.
No, Sherlock wanted to take him higher and keep him there, teetering, although in a more literal sense. Sherlock called it suspension bondage. John called it, "Oh,
Sherlock strode up the stairs to 221B and inside, his gaze scouring the room for a sign of John.
John did it again, and Sherlock pressed forward, effortlessly deepening the kiss, until he'd effectively taken control of all John's senses, dominating; captivating. John had almost forgotten he'd only been wearing pants, until he felt those large hands at the small of his back, stroking down and over the curve of his arse. The sure touch left John gasping against Sherlock's warm mouth in uncontrolled desire.
That fight left John severely wounded, and Bill hadn't allowed him to run with the pack for weeks. It devastated him. He’d felt weak and useless. But that was the way of their life. John knew there was a time to fight and a time to flee; when he knew the foe was too great to best. He just counted his blessings that they never crossed a wolf like Sherlock.
John is carried into the house by Tobias, and taken to one of the multitude of rooms. Sherlock imagines the doctor is looking over John with pity-filled eyes, as are the others in the house. Sherlock lounges on the couch as the authorities conduct their investigation, overexerted and falling quickly into a light doze.
“John,” Sherlock moaned into his mouth, and pulled him close. John's hands were bound behind his back, pushing his chest into Sherlock's as their lips violently melded together, until Sherlock was not sure where he ended and John began.
Hello all! Thank you once again for joining as we creep closer to the end. Thanks to my wonderful beta
, John! This is the final touch, and then it will be perfect!"
John groaned. Just when he thought nothing ever happened to him, he had to go and be the nice guy, and do Mike a favor. Time had proven again and again, that a favor for Mike wasn't something that one could simply return from unscathed.
have on me? Honestly, what is it like in your tiny, little brains?"
,” John asked in wonder, his eyes tearing away from Sherlock to peer around the hall once more. It was all so posh, and John still couldn't believe that he was there, surrounded by lavish decor and heavy-pocketed entrepreneurs. He felt out of place and like he didn't belong. Which was true. This may be Sherlock's lifestyle, but John could understand how the man could get bored with it all. These people were beautiful and rich, but utterly
Suddenly, the man smiled much too wide for it to be anything natural. “I did so miss your biting wit. It made for great dirty talk in bed,” said Jim, stepping into Sherlock's space. Sherlock made no move to push him back.
Sherlock just barely restrained the whimper from leaving his throat as John’s weight bore down on his prick. He dug his nails into John’s arse and surged forward. The slick warmth of John’s mouth was terribly familiar and comforting, like coming home after an extended absence, and propelled his vehemence.
John heard Sherlock's breath catch, nothing so dramatic as a loud inhalation, but a tiny snatch of air that John didn't need to hear to know that Sherlock was well and truly surprised; hurt.
John had never been with a man past a little snogging here and there, but Sherlock Holmes made John want to give him everything. He wanted those Cupid's bow lips on his body, his cock. He wanted to run his tongue along fine, wintry skin and see what it would be like to lay under that perfect body and allow Holmes to take whatever he wanted.
'Mary,' John contemplated, 'a beautiful name for a beautiful woman.
He helped John up and they made their way downstairs to the loo on wobbly legs. John giggled at Sherlock nearly tripping on the last step which ended in him pressed the wall in what was supposed to be a warning but transformed into a snogging session that lasted for nearly seven minutes.
