Sherlock sat down on the chair and locked eyes with the red balloon. "However you should know I genetically changed the chemical sequence so it couldn't hurt you, Mrs. Hudson, or Rosie because I truly care for all of you."
"Maria I must ask, are you noticing different parents coming in or leaving? Do you see newcomers every night or is it always different? What do you see, Maria? You are obviously a smart woman you must know something is going on."
There was pure silence as she uttered those last words. Sherlock's hands were frozen on the cell, Joan's expressionless face was staring back, and John was simply standing there, tears becoming evident as he drifted his eyes over to his 'husband.'
Sherlock sighed as his ghostly eyes drifted to meet Greg's. "There's only one antidote.... and two of us."
John frowned. "What? How did I get drugged? I just remember going to the parent meeting for a while and then going home...."
Sherlock frowned at John. "How did you know her?"
Joan shrugged as she slipped a bottle into John's jacket but not Sherlock's. "I guess this is just a mystery you'll have to solve; oh but wait, you won't remember it will you?"
"No, Sherlock, you're trying to make him forgive you not stab you with the nearest object." Mycroft said, rubbing his face tiredly.
Mycroft quickly shushed him by standing up. "Sherlock stop blabbering and actually accept what's going on here. You may be a genius but you can be incredibly dull.... and expensive I lost $300 but Greg owes me $40 because of the domestic fight between you and John."
"That, my dear Lestrade, is something called lust." Mycroft spoke as he licked his finger and grabbed a $20 out of his wallet.
John elbowed Sherlock in the ribs and shook his head. "Point is this is incredibly worrying.... Oh God Rosie could've been there when it happened. Alright we will take some DNA samples, photos, anything else. This case has to be found. For some reason I find it too worrying due to the fact that Rosie was just with a woman who was murdered."
John blushed slightly and looked at Sherlock who was busy throwing Rosie in the air and catching her with a small smile.
"Maria! Nice to meet you. So Joan has put me in charge, as usual, to welcome any newcomer for the meetings! Usually what happens is we just talk with each other and see what is new in motherhood or, in your case, fatherhood, just to make sure everything is A okay! Next we do a nice meditation phase with some organic herbs while Joan leads a nice prayer-like service. And then we all usually go home and return next time."
"Antidote.... give it to him." Sherlock spoke weakly.
Sherlock smirked and sighed. "We gotta get you in that ambulance to make sure that you are okay, you were poisoned and nearly died of an overdose."
"John you need to tell me-"
As Sherlock walked away, John became acutely aware of all the blubbering police officers as well as an annoyed Mycroft who grumbled as he threw a $20 at a laughing Greg.
A taxi would take too long so he opted to run. He never realized how fast he could actually go when John was in trouble. He took a sharp corner and sure enough she had left the front door open, most likely due to the drugs in the poor woman's system. Sherlock heard faint crying and probably thought that her son had seen his mother collapse. Quickly speeding up and slamming open the door, he saw she had fallen a few feet away. The woman moaned as Sherlock approached her.
"Oh my god I know her." John gasped as he knelt down and examined her face.
John rolled his eyes and held the medicine more securely as he smiled at the detective. "You are such an idiot."
"I wonder, considering you have shown your results by the number of potions you give to people-"
"Shit." Sherlock gasped as he stood up.
Sherlock turned accusingly towards John with a look of disbelief. "Politely? You nearly ripped my ear off pulling me out of the woman's home. All I said was I thought she had a stalker due to her closed blinds, triple locked doors, and opened rooms to get up and down the stairs quickly. She clearly was in a state of distress. No wonder she was found dead."
"So what happened this time?"
The two boys smiled as they exited the closet, earning some knowing glances from the mom's especially with Joan who gave Rosie back to John. "You boys feeling better?"
"Well we did make out in a storage closet at a parent meeting so if you call that fighting then by all means yes we were." John spoke distracted as he slowly walked up to Sherlock.
John pulled away breathless as he chuckled deeply. "Oh I don't."
The silence was deafening. John's eyes were downcast and Sherlock's were piercing, holding all the emotions that he kept hidden for so long. John glanced up at Sherlock and was met with his mouth curved slightly up. Suddenly he was covering the space between them and standing nearly nose to nose. Sherlock gingerly grabbed John's hands and held them level with their hips.
John shook his head and sluggishly moved away from Greg's hand holding the antidote. "Wait what does he mean by where's yours? Wouldn't you both have one?"
John rubbed his forehead. He can't admit that he is growing attracted to Sherlock because that would just end terribly for both their friendship and work business. He couldn't afford that, even if it would cause more pain to him.
Sherlock was quiet at first and simply just frowned at him. "Okay. Fine. But I will not stay at the meeting."
Greg nodded as he shook John awake. "John, hey, you need to drink this to feel better."
Greg nodded and they both looked over at the kind woman's lifeless body. "Apparently she was leaving the daycare, last one out and was heading to a parents night meeting when she just, collapsed. We looked at her body and sure enough there was still red under her fingertips and it seemed like she was under some intoxication before dropping dead. She did make it to her car and by the looks of it was halfway to unlocking it. She smashed her head into the window of the car, breaking it slightly, before slumping down and just... stopped breathing."
"We?" John spat and stood up viscously until he was right in front of Sherlock. "There never was a WE, Sherlock. It was me, Rosie and Mary. But Mary is gone, Sherlock. So it's just Rosie and I. You never were part of this family and I'm damn sure you never will be." John growled bitterly as he spun on his heel and ran down the steps out of 221B.
"Well you see those ventilators? Usually we put water vapor in them to just add some easy breathing but Joan, being the wonderful woman she is, put her homemade herbs in them!"
"D-did you see that woHAHAmans face?! Oh that was brilliant!" John howled.
"Sherlock, no."
Joan instead stared straight back. "But that night, Sherlock insisted on joining the game too-"
"Ok so now we see if I get sick and die! Perfect." Sherlock said cheerfully and flounced off the scene.
Greg let out a huff and nodded. "You can interrogate her later-"
John was blushing profusely at Greg's comment but quickly straightened his crooked shirt, letting out a cough. "Okay what proof?"
Everybody was quiet. The police were staring, the victim was STILL dead, a woman had fainted, and mycroft was angrily pulling out 4 $20 bills to hand to a shocked and most likely confused Greg. John, on the other hand, just stood there staring at the space where Sherlock was a moment ago. What the hell. Slowly turning around he grabbed the notepad and pen from Greg's frozen hand and cleared his throat.
"Uh, good morning?" John said weakly.
Sherlock frowned before John dragged him forward abruptly and moved his lips to his ear. "And I plan to punish you because of that."
"John let me try." Sherlock said, making grabby hands at the piano until John rolled his eyes and handed it over. "This, my dear Rosie, is how you REALLY play piano."
"The whole thing, everything I thought about for the experiment, what Ketamine does, everything about the case." Sherlock said, waving his hands.
"Not upset." Sherlock growled.
"Save it." Sherlock remarked. "I don't have time for your games, Joan. We have you surrounded with information. We have your precious gas mask and bottles a plenty, so why don't you just stop while you're ahead."
Greg, at this point was rushing Mycroft to hurry up so they could leave but Mycroft, being the cheeky bastard that he is, just looped an arm around Greg's shoulders causing him to jump.
---------------------
There was a short break where Joan was given water and some crackers while the others got lunch. Sherlock refused to eat and instead shut his eyes and held his hands in a prayer formation as he thought deeply. John watched in amusement as he took a bite of the sandwich he bought.
Sherlock exasperatedly groaned. "I don't really feel like it."
John's face turned red as Sherlock just shrugged. "Well we are apparently married, or so says the daycare John and I dropped Rosie off at. Speaking of, John we have parent time on Thursday so don't make plans."
me do anything, John, not even you. It was my decision; not a well thought out one I admit, but mine none the less.” Sherlock grabbed one of John's hands into his own and didn't allow him to look away. John watched as Sherlock's Adam’s apple bobbed, a swift up-down motion, and waited in suspense for Sherlock to finish. “For a long time I haven't been happy, John. Not for any particular reason, but when no one else has a modicum of your level of intelligence, it becomes a lonely existence. Depending on the drug, it could either sharpen my mind or dull it, and then I could pretend to be somewhat normal.”
For one of a weaker constitution, the crime scenes were unpleasant and macabre. Förstner was obsessed with the idea that human genetics could be altered, and he was determined to bring absolute findings to the scientific community with the proper evidence to support his claim. Most human subjects hadn't lasted past approximately the first forty-eight hours under Förstner's heavy-handed experiments. High doses of Succinylcholine were found in the victims and ventilators in the abandoned facilities, suggesting that after the drug was administered, he kept the patients alive while experimenting.
Try as he might, John couldn't withhold the groan or the way his eyes squinted in pain at the glimpse of two heads, one dark and curly, the other a sandy blond on the front page, undoubtedly Sherlock and himself.
He slid into the bed and pulled John into his lap, cradling him as he did nights ago, when the child was an infant. John was a warm weight in his arms, sweat soaking through his pyjamas as Sherlock held onto him, trembling. Sherlock left the lights off when it grew dark, but the curtains open to allow the moonlight to penetrate.
John didn't know who was moaning, but it was loud and wet, God, and he was so hot. Sherlock's hands had dipped below his waistband, and hitched John up by his arse until all that kept him up were his legs locked around Sherlock's waist, and the plastic laminate behind him.
Finally, Sherlock huffed and muttered between clenched teeth, "Fine, I will help you, but know this: I'm agreeing because
"Oh, there you are," the woman exclaimed familiarly, walking towards him with the clothes held out. "I thought you might be needing these soon."
"You got jeaaalllllooouuuussssss." John sing songed.
Mycroft rolled his eyes as he quickly wrote down a check for $20 to the one and only Greg Lestrade. "Well, Sherlock, you tend to have no understanding of human emotion and therefore hurt those who have it."
Rosie gurgled at him and John scowled. "Whatever. Listen we have the sing along today and you're going as punishment for putting her in harms way."
Sherlock curls his lips. "We do, don't we? I heard someone (hehe reference) call us the Baker Street Boys.... but besides that, I must know what you want from me. I can't change myself and be a normal mate-"
"John?" Sherlock asked hesitantly. "What are you doing?"
Greg laughed. "No, I wish, instead I actually put it back in John's wallet when he isn't looking; I call it balance."
Rosie just stared at him with a seemingly annoyed glance and surprisingly enough, Sherlock wore the exact same expression.
"You mean the first time that you drugged me?" John said with a growl.
John rolled his eyes and secured Rosie on his hip. "Oh yes Sherlock, of COURSE, kids at Rosie's age should for sure be okay to play violin!"
"Ah, language dear, you're on speaker phone to your baby girl." Mrs. Hudson said as John heard a soft coo.
Turning around quickly, he saw an average but happy looking woman who was holding pamphlets. "Uh, yes it is. Who are you?"
John laughed bitterly. "Care? You don't care about me or any of us! If you did you wouldn't be fucking around with my emotions or kissing me randomly or selling drugs to a woman found dead! You would actually be there for me... for us."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and slightly puffed his chest out to display a 'if you mess with me or my boyfriend I will 221B Beat your ass.' "Ah, Joan, lovely to see you as always. How are the meetings? I seem to notice that there are more absences lately."
As soon as John shut the door, he locked it and sat against the doctor. His breathing became shallow and he pressed his palms against his eyes as he tried to level it out. But anxiety was winning this battle. John felt his heart pounding against his chest, his arms starting to shake, flashes of heat causing him to sweat. Anxiety attacks were not for John. He has handled enough war nightmares to last a lifetime so for it to randomly attack was not his cup of tea (damn British). John looked up at the tile ceiling and let out a sob as he clamped a hand over his mouth and shut his eyes tightly. He didn't even understand what this was about. Was it about his fight with Sherlock? Well he is pissed, was pissed.... oh fuck it he still is pissed but it's Sherlock. And he killed for John. But he didn't want that, he didn't want Sherlock to go and do that for the sake of him. HE is the soldier, HE is the fighter, HE is a killer. Yes he was a doctor but there were some off days. Wiping his face, he quickly grabbed his phone and called up Mrs. Hudson.
John tightened his jaw and smacked Sherlock's arm. "I am sorry Joan. As you know my..... husband, here, does not understand the laws of humanity."
I'll be posting another chapter shortly don't you worry! But please leave some comments, likes, follows, anything really cause I love writing fan fiction and haven't done it in a while and now I realize how FUN it is! Muahahaha! Anyways gotta go :P
Greg looked at Mycroft and pulled on his hand before whispering something causing the older Holmes t walk away. "Well Sherlock, he is a soldier. He has done stuff like that all the time. Hell he killed people for America in general, I highly doubt he would hate you for one person."
"Stop." John growled.
"Hello?" Her sweet voice chimed.
"Meeting...... poisoned..... help John." Sherlock gasped out, falling back and trying to search his jacket.
"Shut up before I shove a gun down your throat." John spat.
Greg let out a sigh on the other side of the line. "Sherlock come down to Washington Street, we have two dead and get this, exact same symptoms of what the other victims had."
They both didn't know what to do at first as John pressed their lips together. His eyes were shut and Sherlock shut his too before raising his hands and cupping his face. They moved their lips together, cautiously as Sherlock added more heat into it.
Greg and John were both silent as they stared at Sherlock's retreating figure.
John gulped as his head began to pound. "Please..... 221B Baker Street..... fast... please."
John's eyes drift down to Sherlock's lips with a soft smile. "You would, wouldn't you?"
The room was silent despite the wailing sirens outside the apartment. Greg and Mycroft stood at the window watching the two boys. Suddenly there was a low moan and John's eyes cracked open slowly. Sherlock felt relief flood through his chest as John began to cough weakly, his face regaining some color. Sherlock couldn't understand what was going through his mind. He seemed much more aware of John in front of him. He noticed how slowly he moved his curious eyes around, especially when they drifted over his face. Or rather of his lips and how they were always parted except when he was angry and they would retreat back into a firm line. Sherlock also noticed his body, how he actually had some curves to it, his legs always seemed to wrap around whatever was near and his arms perfect for hugs. His hands were strong yet welcoming and Sherlock noticed now that he was holding his. John's eyes slowly locked in with Sherlock, earning a whimper from the detective.
"I don't get jealous!" Sherlock hissed to himself as he continued to search his mind when he remembered that the woman lived just a block down.
The woman looked up between the two of them with a confused smile. "Oh hello! You're the Baker Street Boys correct? That's what you're called these days at least. I'm Joan! This is little Markus, he's a sweetheart!"
"Sherlock-"
John looked up, startled. "Oh, hey Joan..."
"How dare you." John whispered. "How. Dare. You.""
The murder scene was almost predictable. The girl was blonde with green eyes, a tattoo sleeve down her arm. She was found on the street 2 blocks away from the daycare. Her left arm was limply draped across her chest, while the right arm was twisted upright by her head.
"I," kiss "didn't," kiss "think," kiss "you would," kiss "forgive me."
"John I-"
Sherlock scowled at Mycroft but rolled his eyes. "Fine I'll play-"
For once in his life, Sherlock Holmes was silent as he stared at John's chair. "I, I can't be though. You know that I don't do emotion at all. It's a distraction and waste of time!"
"Joan-"
John blinked repeatedly before clearing his dry throat. "Yes yes we do.... um.... alright yeah let's just, get this done."
Sherlock stabbed a piece of meat and inspected it. "How about we talk about something else okay? Maybe, Rosie for example or possibly how your day has been?"
When Mycroft said the last part of the sentence, Sherlock could hear him both through the phone and right behind him. Sherlock let out a sigh and turned around, cocking an eyebrow at Greg.
Marry, if you so choose, and pass
“I thought more of a comment on behavior, given the recent bouncing up and down, but I suppose you are a few years older than me and not as fit--”
Sherlock in a school uniform.
“Oh, yes. And she completely checks out. Alibi is clean. In fact, she wasn’t anywhere near her husbands when they died. Either she was at an event where she was seen by plenty of people or she was out of town. In fact, each man was completely alone when he  died. There has been talk in the nearby village of a curse.” Sherlock waved his hand in disgust. “Absolute rubbish, but something is going on and I intend to find out what.”
He loved-- loves-- John. Loving John is the only thing that seemed to come easily to him in his life. He loved him from the moment John barged into their flat and shouted about fighting with a machine at a store. He loved him when John called him an utter cock while handing him a cup of tea. He loved him as Moriarty threatened to kill them both and John refused to back down. He loved him while a man broke five of Sherlock’s ribs with a rusted pipe and told him no one would care when his body was eventually dumped into an unmarked grave. And he loves him as he snaps awake from another horrible dream and searches for John in the dark bedroom.
Sherlock leapt from his chair and grabbed a folder. “Barbara Simmons. Age sixty-five. In the past ten years, she has had three husbands, all of whom have met unfortunate ends. The first went on a business trip, only to wrap his car around a tree on the way home from the airport. The second popped out for a smoke one night and had an unfortunate fall down the stairs. And the third dropped dead in the middle of supper two months ago. Heart attack, according to the coroner.”
“No. Hush. Do you hear that?”
John leant back, chin spit-slick and mouth still full of Sherlock’s taste, and looked up. Sherlock’s eyes squeezed shut and his mouth twisted as if he only just now realized what he had said. He slowly opened his eyes and glanced down at John. A whimper escaped from his throat.
“Where’s the crime scene?” John let out a small laugh. His attempt at hiding his nervousness was in vain; the tell-tale spread of red warmed his cheeks despite the cold.
“Wait, wait. Jesus. Okay.” John tugged his shirt off, leaving him in just his vest. Last thing they needed was for one of them to get bitten by an angry cat. He slid a hand under the cat’s chest, freezing momentarily when it growled. He was going to get rabies because of Sherlock. Wouldn’t that be a fun experiment? Quick as he could, he wrapped it in his shirt. It kept up its low-level growl, but didn’t struggle as he picked it up. “Fine. I’ve got it. Now can we go?”
“There will be no need for that, detective. I apologize for my assistant’s behavior. Sebastian is always eager to preserve the public image.” He clutched Sebastian by the elbow and guided him away from Lestrade. “As I said, Sebastian, that story is for the press. Not the police.” He waved Sebastian off before extending a hand. “Gerard Fantomas. I’m glad that New Scotland Yard’s finest is on the case. If you and your partner would like to come with me, I can explain what happened.”
John sobs into his chest, ugly and heartbroken. He no longer tries to hide the tears in shame, but instead gives into burying his face in Sherlock’s chest. Their heights match, slotting John perfectly into Sherlock’s arms, like he was meant to be there.
“John!” Sherlock’s voice cracked. God, this was an embarrassment of...embarrassment. The only way it could get worse was if he happened to be naked. Wait, would that help? No, he needed to focus.
You asked what I could say to
John closed his eyes as tendrils of sorrow wrapped around his heart. It had not been just blood that had been part of the ritual; it had been human sacrifice, with William as the lamb led to slaughter. The memory rang fresh in his mind, despite Fantomas’s insistence that it had been over one thousand years ago. He shook his head. Lost. All lost. “You said my kind. Did you find James? Is he here as well?”
“Yeah, yeah. That’s how they start—”
Sherlock tugged on his sleeves and fiddled with the buttons on his jacket. “Ah. Well, a single man would draw attention.”
“Do you? Many of us have begun to wonder. We have seen the way you look at him.”
“Shall we continue our lessons?” The prince ducked his head out of the window and smiled up at him. Even in the shadow, the young prince’s eyes sparkled, two beautiful cut gems, blue and perfect. John had heard the servants once speak of the prince’s eyes: endless, they had said, clear as a spring day after the rain. They looked like no sky John knew, loathe he was to admit it, but in certain light, the prince’s eyes glinted like moonlight.
The coffee sloshed onto his hand. John hissed. “Shit.” Before he could reach for them, the man handed him a wad of napkins. John had half of a mind to dump the remainder in this arsehole’s lap. He dabbed at his skin and tried to clean up the mess on the cuff of his shirt. “All right, fine. You obviously know who I am. So who the bloody hell are you?”
But oh, how John had let himself wonder: William’s scent on his skin, the feel of his hair under his palm, the soft arch of his back as John leaned into him, claiming, marking. He wanted William and in those quiet moments in the library, John saw desire flicker in William’s eyes and heard it in the catch of his breath. Perhaps William thought of him as nothing more than an oddity, something to play with and then cast aside when duty called, but John let his mind linger over shared moments and imagined a world where things were different.
He shoved his shoulder against 221b’s door, cursing quietly at the way it stuck. On the other side of the door, he heard the thump of John coming down the stairs.
“Go on, pull the other one.” John threw the wad of soggy napkins onto the table.
“Think you can settle him in the bedroom while I get him something for his head?” Mary tugs her scarf off and hangs it next to the door. She doesn’t tell him where the bedroom is because he is already tugging John along towards it.
“You should head back upstairs. Rosie will—”
“So now what? Daniel?”
He propelled himself through the night, eagerly awaiting the sight of its dark stone walls. He banked below the cloud cover and that’s when the smell hit him.
“Like?”
Sherlock was learning many new things about John. For example, he was actually a very good doctor and handled pressure well.
Behind the guard, Moriarty grins at him—  no, he’s dead. His heart stopped shortly after the bullet ripped through his brain. Mycroft told him so. A normal heart for an abnormal man. No twisted black blood in his veins. No gaping maw in his chest. Would it have felt any different in Sherlock’s hand?
John shook his head and started picking through the bin, setting aside cans and other bits of metal scrap that he thought he could get a little money for. Ever so often, Sherlock hummed or murmured next to him and occasionally scribbled something down in a small notebook. John couldn’t figure out what exactly Sherlock was hoping to find, but at least it was another set of eyes and someone to talk to for a little while.
John risked a glance around. Familiar stonework, now far more weathered than he remembered it, surrounded him, but beyond that he recognized nothing. The castle no longer stood on green grass, backed by rolling hills and forest. Towers rose all around him, structures far higher and greater than he had ever seen before. Clouds filled the sky above them, heavy and dark with rain, and seemingly just within his reach. The tower where he once slept disappeared into the darkness; its structure obscured by fog.
The man simply tilted his head and raised a hand. The archers lowered their bows, but kept their arrows notched and at the ready. John attempted to stand, but his legs shook with exhaustion.
, John had said. Sherlock bit his check at the thought. Luck never entered the equation.
“Well, not seeing anything permanent. Throat will probably be a little sore. Sorry I was a bit rough with you. Ribs okay?”
The light went out and Sherlock heard John settle. Soon the room was punctuated with nothing more than John’s slow breaths and the popping of the logs in the fireplace.
“Fine! You win! Mercy.”
“And you haven’t talked to him in decades.” She tucks her hand in his and gives it a squeeze. He wonders where she learned to give such easy affection.
“Oh, no you don’t. You don’t get to go hide away in your little mind palace after having a temper tantrum.”
“You listening to me? I called you a psycho.”
I just can’t.
London’s sprawl lies muted just beyond the walls of John’s flat, but Sherlock still finds it a comfort. The heartbeat of London acts as a talisman against the darkness lurking in his own chest. His ribs are a band of fire every time he breathes, his skin darkened by a collection of still-healing bruises. His knee twinges in sympathy and he stretches his leg out as best he can. The swollen joint gave him trouble up the stairs, but the pain was worth it. He is home-- or something like it.
John.
Other nights, the storm claimed him. It rolled in over his brow and clouded his thoughts. On those nights, James joined him. He was not jovial like his brother, nor did he have the hard edge that Mary did. He was the silence in the storm, the quiet before a clap of thunder. He wore potential like a cloak and his rage flashed sudden and bright as lightning, vanishing just as quickly. The humans feared him more than any other of John’s kind. There was nothing about him that looked human. His snout was permanently twisted in a growl and his bright eyes hid under the thick ridge of his forehead. A battle long ago left its tale on him, pitting and marring the skin on one side of his face and chest. Even in stone form, it was there, making him look like a weathered, ancient statue.
Sherlock’s brow wrinkled in confusion. “Why on earth would the butler kill anyone? He has nothing to gain from it.”
He stormed past, catching and killing any soldiers that dared to get in the way of his goal. At the pace he was setting, he would quickly out fly James. The older gargoyle would just have to catch up.
“Hello, John.” Sherlock said John's name like it was any other day, like little time had past since the last time they had spoke.
Sherlock stretches out across John. John’s cock slips free as Sherlock presses their mouths together once more. John can taste blood on their tongues, but the kiss is gentle. John lacks the energy to kiss properly, but Sherlock guides him through it. John’s eyes close and lets Sherlock take the lead. He can feel sleep tugging him down into something dark and dreamless.
John nodded, his eyes finally falling. Though his gaze dropped, his shoulders remained straight, his posture hard and unrelenting.
Sherlock never lets him hide. He fists John’s hair, forcing him to look at him. John fights him. Pain shrieks at him from his scalp, but Sherlock tightens his grip and yanks harder. He forces John’s face up until he has nowhere to look but directly into Sherlock’s eyes. He slips a hand down between John’s legs and gives his cock several jerks. John gasps. It’s dry and burns, but between the pain building in his scalp and the intensity of Sherlock’s stare, John’s cock grows hard. Sherlock pauses and licks his hand before pulling on John’s cock again. His hand speeds up, tugging as if he can rip John’s orgasm out of him. Perhaps he can. God, does John want him to.
“Yeah, wanted to do that for a long time, too.”
Rip apart life until you have mastered it
I destroy even as I try to fix.
John ducks his head. The word struggles in his mouth. Did he love Sherlock? Love has never come easy for him and even now at thirty-seven, he isn’t sure he has ever been in love. But this feels like love, like something new and precious. He kisses Sherlock again and hopes he understands what John can’t say.
“Shit, is it broken?” He reached out to touch, but Sherlock tucked his arm closer to his chest. “Okay, um, do you live far? Don’t worry. We’ll get you sorted.” John moved forward slowly, hands steady, and herded Sherlock down the street. Sherlock, however, had other plans.
“With the way he walked? No. He had adopted the stance of police when they are killing time while on duty. There is a particular gait they have when they proceed from one place to another, which tells me that our dear Daniel once hoped to join the illustrious ranks of the police force. He knows the basics, enough to mimic, but he probably never actually made it to constable, if he even made it out of the basic training.”
“God, you are old.”
John bit his lip. He never felt right taking money from her. She reminded him a bit too much of his gran, though he had only known her through pictures and the occasional story. Plus he knew that they could use the money; he had seen the way the house needed a new coat of paint and how the eaves were beginning to sag. He opened his mouth to protest only to shut it with a snap when she fixed him with a stern glare.
“You’ve done more than that now, I think.”
The first pop crumbled a guard nearby, followed by a series of louder, faster pops. Something pinged against the stonework and flung chips of stone past John. Something whizzed past his ear. Arrows, or something like it. But a faster bow was no challenge for him. No matter what new things humans created, the tactic was the same: close in fast and render their weapons useless.
He doesn’t feel Sherlock move off of him and only half acknowledges Sherlock untying him and rubbing feeling back into his biceps. He knows that he is crying now, the fight bleeding out of him under Sherlock’s steady hands. Sherlock shushes him when he groans at the emptiness he feels once Sherlock pulls the dildo free. He’ll feel this all later, the bruises and cuts under his clothes and the soreness in his arse, but for now, he rests. This part, the kindness that comes after each beating, is for Sherlock. John doesn’t need (deserve, his mind tries to whisper, but it is swept away with a flannel across his face) it. He lets Sherlock cover him with a blanket, lets himself be cared for.
The man who had just dropped into the seat across from him was none of those things. Well, he was leggy. He seemed to be nearly all legs. But he was most definitely a he. (Nevermind that he was also rather fit looking-- Christ, what kind of waist is that for a man to have? He looked like he was built for dancing and John hadn’t been dancing in years and why was that even something he was thinking about?)
John mirrored his grin. He didn’t actually mind having Sherlock sitting nearby, ever present notebook in hand. This was John’s job. The fact that Sherlock tagged along to watch made it go a little bit faster. “Afraid you’ll get a sunburn?”
“John, I know this comes as a shock--”
“No, wait. Just if we do this, and I am only saying if, it would be trial run. We’d probably kill each other before the month was out.”
Working a hand free, she ran it along his hair, before digging her nails into his nape, marking him as her own and forcing him to meet her gaze. He hissed, but didn’t pull away. “They will always despise us,
“Please, my dear wife, let us put aside old fears. Today is a happy day. After all, William is a man today and in a year’s time, he will be married.”
“I didn’t think to bring one.” He sounded disappointed.
Tremaine’s boots came into his line of sight. “The spell works much faster than I thought it would. Well done.”
Sherlock throws a hand up and tilts his head. His eyes wander along the wall behind John.
John dropped the necklace and ran towards his friend. There were some things he’d rather not have the humans hear. “James, I’m here. You are safe. These men are not with the invading army.”
The door gives way under his hand and John raises his head from where he is reading the newspaper. Same chair. Same jumper. Same wrinkled brow. A smile begins to form on both their faces. Here, Sherlock breathes. His heart slows its incessant, angry flight. John opens his mouth to say something, but his face twists suddenly with rage. Not at Sherlock, no. Something else. Sherlock reaches for him, knowing what is coming next, but his fingers only just brush John’s jumper before he is jerked away.
Loved
“Thirty-two.” Sherlock squirmed in his seat and tugged on his jacket. He slumped.
An empty promise. They never were, never could have been. Gargoyles don’t dream, but for a moment, John had tried and this was the price for such dreams. His heart felt nothing more than shale, crumbling in his chest.
“Practicing. Obviously. If we are going to be pretending all week to be a couple, we don’t want to look like we’ve never kissed before.”
A tremor ran through John’s wing. “No, no. I--” He cleared his throat, trying to fight back the terror he had first felt upon waking. He offered a weak smile to the both of them. “Someone needs to protect the castle after all.”
John staggered to his feet. Blood poured from his wound; his vision wavered. Mary dead and Tremaine, a man he once thought of as loyal and steadfast, taunting him? The world had tipped on its head and John was left staggering under the betrayal.
Breaking.
As he put on a fresh set of clothes, he heard John thumping around behind the closed door. In short order, the shower came on with the hiss and thunk of old pipes. What exactly were you supposed to do when someone woke up from a nightmare? Sherlock was woefully out of his depth. He had never had to console anyone before.
“Um…what?”
John went over the case in his head and tried to ignore how close Sherlock was sitting. He tugged on his shirt collar and once again regretted not picking another color.
John shrugged. “Feels nice.” Or at least he was fairly certain it was supposed to. He kept the secret that he had never kissed another person locked inside his chest.
“It’s fine.” John settles himself on Sherlock’s bed more firmly, as if he has no better place to be.
“Yeah, well I don’t care what
Lestrade hugs him (undeserved) and calls him a bastard.
back into my life.
To show just how wrong John was about being the better of the two of them, Sweetpea squatted, aiming its stream with expert precision onto John’s shoe. Only Sherlock’s pointed throat clearing kept John from jumping back with a curse.
Besides, John had the holidays to look forward to. Sherlock had promised that he would be coming home for Christmas. He prided himself on waiting until the day after Sherlock had returned home to drop by. After all, Sherlock’s parents would want to spend some time with their son, even if he could imagine the eyerolls that Sherlock hid under his fringe.
He takes a deep breath, screws his courage, and gets out of the car. As he approaches the porch, he spies Sherlock already waiting there for him. His feet slow as he takes in Sherlock for the first time in years. Logically, he knew it had been almost fifteen years since they last spoke at Mary’s funeral. Time passes and ages everyone, and John was certainly no exception. He knew his face was a mess of wrinkles and his thin hair was now entirely silver, slowly turning white. But in his mind, Sherlock still always looked the same: cool and distant and so very untouchable. But the man before him is human, so much so. Sherlock’s hair is not quite as silver as John’s and damn him for being more the salt and pepper type, but his face is just as lined. John loses himself in the crows feet resting around Sherlock’s eyes and the deep folds around his mouth. No longer cold marble, Sherlock’s face is a tell of a long life and one (hopefully) well-lived. Sherlock seems just as lost as he looks at John, cataloguing all the changes, from minor to major. He apparently likes what he sees because he gives a small, shy smile. John realizes that Sherlock must smile more now because the wrinkles around his mouth map out a thousand smiles, both small and grand.
Sherlock burns cold, hand frozen against John’s face.
“I mostly worried about two people right now.” John shrugged off his winter coat and hung it on the post next to the door. The room was cool now and he imagined that at night, it would be chilly. At least there were plenty of blankets and a fireplace.
If you want me to be happy, leave me alone.
He ignored the man’s shout of protest and kept walking. How London could be so empty, yet still full of idiots, he could never fathom. Days like these he missed the old coat. Nothing like an upturned collar to disarm people, to distract. The barrier of fabric had the ability to send off the message of ‘don’t approach’ without him saying a word. Now, though, everyone had pulled up collars and deep hoods to keep out the ash. It did little good, but then so much of humanity was about half-hearted attempts these days.
“No, why are you here
John stopped short. His own curse froze on his tongue. In front of him stood Sherlock, his own basket full of odds and ends. “Sherlock.”
Love is an uneasy emotion for John; love and pain tangled horribly in his mind. But oh, he had loved Sherlock. He never could bring himself to say it back then, but John had loved him. It had never been enough, would never be enough. Sherlock died; no, left him. He had left John because John was not enough for him.
Rosie’s head snaps up at this. She quietly sets down the box she was searching through and turns to him. When he dares to look in her direction, he sees a soft look on her face that is all Mary. “It must have been hard. How did he die?”
The flat was only a few scant degrees warmer than outside, but Sherlock still tore off his hood and ran his fingers through his hair. He never felt clean these days. He sweated horribly even as he froze and the day’s filth clinged to his skin and hair. The mask came next and he wiped ineffectively at the sore skin around his mouth, rubbed raw by constant contact.
“Could have just been paranoid.”
“Oh?” Sherlock congratulated himself on his ability to form monosyllabic words, even though there seemed to be no blood left at all in his head.
“Sherlock, are you all right, dear? You look a little pale. Where are my manners? You both just got here and I am already interrogating you. John, take my son upstairs and make sure he gets a nap before dinner. I’ll see about getting a sandwich sent up.”
A heart cannot sing, but Sherlock’s feels his join a duet, an aria of want and longing finally joined by another voice. John’s heart beats with his, two halves of a heart working in time, keeping time, driving time. Higher, faster, a rising tempo, a crescendo. John conducts him through it all and finally brings him back down to earth.
And he was. Too smart. Too awkward. Too strange. He was all sharp angles and equally sharp tongue and the world responded with disdain. No, his peers preferred a closed fist to a handshake and he grew to meet their hatred with his own brand of disgust. So he was not used to kindness or even understanding.
John flinched. Where once the words were nothing more than gibberish, now they took form. “I have heard your kind say as much before.”
Sherlock gently reaches out his hand in offering. “Your knee is bothering you. Mind the step as you come in.”
“Sometimes facts really aren’t the way to go. And did you ever think that her grandmother liked the job? Some people do things for hobbies. They don’t need to be paid for it or anything, but they do it all the same because they enjoy it. Surely, even you have hobbies.”
John thought of Sherlock and his violin. He hadn’t got the chance to hear Sherlock play in person, but he knew that at least that bit from Emily’s profile had been true. Music sheets scattered about Sherlock’s flat showed a mind always in motion, always composing. John couldn’t read music, but all the same, he tried to imagine the sort of songs Sherlock would be prone to playing: something fast and angry to mimic the way his thoughts were always speeding away, never stopping to rest. Sherlock didn’t seem the type to share his music, though.
John pulled his mobile out of his pocket and tossed it back and forth from hand to hand. He hadn’t found much use for the thing, but Mike had said to give him a call if John needed anything. His stomach rumbled. It couldn’t hurt to grab a quick bite with him, maybe grill him a bit on what he had told Sherlock. He thumbed through his contacts (ridiculously short) and hit the correct number.
His muscles tensed and he twisted from his stance. Flecks of stone crumbled away from him and at last, wind brushed his skin. He fell to his knees and breathed deeply. What was once muffled came roaring in. The sound, the taste, the smell of it all left him reeling. Too much, too much. This had to be more trickery. He pressed his face to the ground and tried to calm the tremors running through his body. Under all the new information, he could still smell home: stone and earth, wood fires, the sharp bite of a Scottish winter. Impossible for a human to smell, but as real and necessary to him as the blood in his veins.
An unseen hand grips Sherlock by the hair and drags him back, back, back, into harsh fluorescent light and dampness. Distantly, he hears John screaming for him, but he is gone. Sherlock is left with nothing but burning.
“Yes, friends, John. Isn’t that what we were? You made that clear time and time again.” His own cheeks heat in anger.
“No. No.” Sherlock lets his hand caress down John’s back. Nothing about this is okay. None of it can be, not yet. “But it is what it is.”
Once he got rid of his ridiculous hard-on.
The fight leaves John in a great whoosh. His shoulders drop and the red tinge of rage fades from his cheeks, only to be replaced by a grey fatigue. “Yeah, and who asked you to do that? Because it wasn’t me. I didn’t ask for this.”
The flat in London was nice, certainly better than a lot of places he’d lived before, but it was empty and unbearable. After living the past decade elbow to elbow with other people, he couldn’t bear the quiet. The sounds of London pounded on his window, but there was nothing that dispelled the loneliness.
“And how do they determine what is right? No, I think the humans simply do the best they can.” He cleared his throat. “The prince is doing what he believes is right. He’s the heir to the throne and a lot rests upon his shoulders.”
John’s smile turns wistful, the corners turning down ever so slightly. “Of course, I am. This is real. Feel it?” He kisses the tips of Sherlock’s fingers then the palm of his hand. John dips down to kiss him once more.
“Like he is the very rock you are carved from.” Mary smiled. Her face twisted strangely around it, as if she knew a deep, dark secret. “Tell me, if you were given the chance, would you take him to your perch? Have you danced for him, fluttered your wings to show him how strong you really are?” Mirth tugged at her words, softening the rebuke.
“Ah.” The chair squeaked under him again. He was going to burn it along with the rest of the flat. Hateful thing. Right after John left, he would take a knife to it so it never uttered a squeak again. Maybe he would try acid on it at some point.
John placed his hand on Sherlock’s chest, blocking his quick exit. “Don’t you try to be smart with me. Why is your mother here?”
“John?”
Yu bstard
The plastic under his fingers creaked in protest as he tried to keep from flinging it across the room. With far more patience than he felt, he carefully typed out a reply.
“Lied is a harsh word.”
“It’s for an experiment.” Sherlock shut his notebook and removed his gloves. A small smile of satisfaction flitted across his face. “Same time next week?”
“Christ.” John ducked his head.
“Then what? What could possibly bring you here after years of not talking?”
John sighed and waved him over. “Come here.”  When Sherlock hesitated, John walked over to him, propping his cane against a nearby chair. “Just want to check and make sure you didn’t do anything worse to yourself.” He slowly slid his hands around Sherlock throat, gently feeling and encouraging him to swallow. Sherlock popped his mouth open at John’s command and leaned forward so John could see without having to stand on his tiptoes.
John’s flat is a horrid little thing. The walls, bare of any decoration, form a dun-colored cage around him. A sad, wobbly desk rests against one wall; a broken sofa, equally as cheap as everything else in the flat, offers little in the way of comfort. He shifts his weight off an errant spring and winces as every bruise and barely-healing bone makes themselves known. He breathes through the pain and focuses on learning what he can from his surroundings. Few possessions, and those in evidence are secondhand and cheaply made. What can be deduced from this? John has put down roots, but fragile ones. Everything about the flat screams temporary, despite the dust collecting on the window sills and the top of his tiny fridge and the stacks of discarded mail tossed on the floor next to the door.
The feast had been underway for nearly an hour, but William didn’t allow John’s absence to bother him. The Gargoyles slept during the day, or at least they went dormant. Whether or not they actually slept as people did, he hadn’t been able to ascertain. John seemed baffled by the concept of dreaming, so perhaps they didn’t sleep at all, but simply stopped. They certainly resembled nothing more than stone during the day.
Suddenly feeling bereft, Sherlock alighted on his own chair. He started to pull his legs up but then thought better of it. He shifted. The leather squeaked under him. He shifted again.  “What changed your mind?”
“My leg.” He tapped the side of his boot with his cane.
“John?”
“Stop it.” If his penis had a laugh, it would be maniacal. His hips twitched.
insist on. That wasn’t a bloody generator exploding. That was gunfire.” Lestrade’s face turned an angry shade of red. “Unless you want me to bring the entire force of Scotland Yard down on your head, you are going to get out of my way and let me do my job.” He edged closer to the man attempting to bar their way into the building. “So, how about it? Handcuffs or are you going to be nice and polite and get out of my way?”
“Dad!” A quick smack to his arm punctuates her rebuke.
“Fuck, yes. Oh fuck. Please, please.” At this point, John was no longer sure which one of them was begging for more, though his own skin sang with the need to touch every part of Sherlock and to soak up his scent.
, the word had hissed between missing teeth. He supposed it was better than what the soldiers had taken to calling him.
She scrunched up her nose in distaste, then leaned in, voice dropping to a stage whisper. “Can’t say any of us were too sad to see him go. Half the staff was ready to celebrate when they heard he kicked the bucket. The other half was too busy pretending to be sad for Ms Simmons. She has rather terrible taste in men.”
“John would be cross with us. We are supposed to stay here,” he muttered to Knight. He watched the younger gargoyle’s face fall. “But I suppose if it is just to be a quick scouting mission, John will never be the wiser and Mary will be here.”
The grip on his gun tightens and an anger builds in his gut. None of it mattered. Sherlock played him like he had played so many people before. A fake smile, fake tears. Lies built upon lies and in the end, John didn’t matter to him at all. Sherlock tossed him aside like a child now bored with a broken toy. Three years he was left alone in this horrible half-life, trying to put some semblance of a life together, but it was always doomed.
“Knight!” The voice of the captain of the militia, Tremaine, floated up to their wall. “I am searching for Goliath. Can you tell me where I might find him?”
Sherlock’s nerves fired away with a million deductions. John still took good care of his hands, rubbing lotion on them to counteract all the scrubbing he had done as a doctor, but the callouses along the web between his thumb and finger told a different story. John knew how to handle a gun, though Sherlock could feel the faint scarring there that showed John had not been a great shot at first. It was common for first time shooters to hold the gun incorrectly and catch their skin on the slide.
Sherlock stepped towards John.
“Either keep going or untie me. If I wanted an easy fuck, I’d go find someone to pick up.” They both know he doesn’t mean it. John hasn’t attempted to pull since they started whatever this is, but it gets the reaction he wants anyway. After all these years, they each know what buttons to push and how to cut deep.
He forced his feet forward. The crunch of his boots on the pavement drowned out the silence of an empty nursery that still echoed in his head. He could no longer float like a ghost from room to room, a spectre of missed moments and painful regrets. Spectres and snow. Regret and forgiveness.
“Shit.” John ran into the shed, expecting Sherlock to be trapped under a shelf or buried under broken bits of ceramic. Instead, he was standing just off to the side of said shelf, torch pointed down at the mess as if the entire thing offended him. “Are you okay?”
“Of course it’s not loaded! Just what we need-- the cab hitting a bump and the thing going off. It’s not a toy, Sherlock.” John tugged the weapon out of Sherlock’s hand and buried it back in his suitcase.
“Sweetpea! Darling, where have you got off to?” A cheerful voice rang out from the stairwell and was soon followed by its owner. In between being grappled, John saw Barbara Simmons. Her greying hair was tied back in a fierce bun which clashed strangely with her round and cheerful face. Right now she looked rather scandalized.
John’s hips leave the bed; his heels dig into the mattress. Sherlock rewards him with a hard pinch on the inside of the thigh, gathering up a bit of fat there between his thumb and index finger. There is nothing teasing about this; no, this is meant to leave a mark.
“I know.”
“ ‘s nice.”
Rain lashed hard across John’s face and sharp knives of cold cut through him. He ignored the shout of his brother and the look on Mary’s face as he marched from the dining hall and out into the courtyard.
“Not in combination with the tan line on your wrist and the way you sit. Ramrod straight, as if you are expecting to be called to task at any moment? No, you were definitely military. You didn’t mention it on your profile, which suggests to me that you aren’t one for bragging, despite probably being a decorated soldier.” Sherlock drew a deep breath, trying to decide if he should continue. Victor had always insisted that he be nice to strangers, but Victor wasn’t around anymore. Ah well, he had already begun, might as well finish. It wasn’t as if he could make John any madder. “No, definitely not ashamed of your time in the service, but the limp tells me the circumstances of your injury left you feeling impotent.”
Sherlock scoffed. He huffed. He squared his shoulders at the outright nerve of anyone considering him
“Ah. Well, I am currently on a case and I need a cover story. It would have been easier to pick someone I already know, but the list was quite short. Stamford mentioned that you were alone in London and in need of a place to stay as well as more cash than what your army pension provides.”
Perhaps he should have thought the whole kissing Sherlock thing through, but there had been something about the way Sherlock had looked so flustered, cheeks slowly tinging with pink, as he floundered to find a way to break the silence between them. It made him want to mess up Sherlock’s carefully styled hair and wrinkle his freshly pressed shirt. A lion in his chest roared at the thought of Sherlock’s lips swollen and red from kissing and John being the one who had done it. John wasn’t an idiot. He knew that Sherlock was good looking, hell, downright beautiful, but he was also infuriating. That little bit of John, the part that used to love to egg his friends on and never backed down from a challenge, thought
“Yes, well, it is a poor--” The crash of pottery hitting the floor and the clang of metal hitting concrete drowned out the last of Sherlock’s sentence.
The guards pull John away, and with distance comes clarity. They are surrounded, frozen in tableau. A Renaissance painting of loss; a Rorschach of Sherlock’s own hubris. The both of them have never been more alone. When did they lose their way? When did they both stop being Sherlock and John?
Joan just smirked as she easily stood up. "Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock.... for a high functioning sociopath I would figure that you would be smarter than this. You know this drug. You know how easy it is to mess with the chemical compounds and add your own DNA so you are more compatible with it. So what makes you think that I would be so dumb as to not do that?"
Greg just nodded along to that and the corners of his mouth titled upwards into a smirk. "So how are you and John?"
The boys nod as Greg heads to the car, waiting for Sherlock and John to join him. As john begins to follow, Sherlock yanks him back. Surprised by this, John reaches his hands out to catch himself from falling but Sherlock is quicker. He grabs John's hands, pulls them so they fall behind his neck, and the next thing the boys know, their lips are one, smiles on both of them.
WELL. WOW. AN  UPDATE AFTER LITERALLY ALMOST A YEAR. I'm so sorry I know a lot of people loved this so I came back and I am going to finish it!!!
"Joan do not do this." Sherlock hissed, his eyes narrowed and dangerous.
Greg walked in and cocked an eyebrow. "What's he doing-"
"For god's sake John, wake. Up." Sherlock whispered as he held him in his lap.
"John it's okay I understand. He's stressed and I'm used to that asshole's nature. Just go on and help him, God knows he needs it." Greg said with a mutter at the end.
Wait. This drug could be formed through a vapor form. Just like Sherlock said, airborne. But the only place that could happen would be at a drug bust. Quickly standing up, he grabbed his jacket and ran to the door. Sherlock's eyes flew open and eyed John as he hurriedly got his stuff altogether.
"Another thing that I would like to point out is that, wasn't it YOU who has constantly put your own life in danger with drugs-"
John flinched at the name and sighed. "Sherlock and I had a fight and I said things I didn't mean but at the time I did mean them and he probably hates me and..... god I screwed up." John moaned as he pressed his hands into his eyes.
"You'll be ok. You'll be ok."
Joan passed around the piano and Sherlock took extra time grabbing the toy piano from her hands in order to deduce her. Luckily, John took the toy from both of them earning a scowl from Sherlock. The mothers were letting the kids bang annoyingly against the piano which made Sherlock twitch with a tad bit of anger as John and Sherlock took turns playing the piano for Rosie because she had no interest in doing it herself.
Greg frowned. "It tells us-"
"Joan..... meeting....... drug.... the others.... have..... antidote..... don't take.... but share....." John croaked out as he held his throat and began to whimper.
TO BE CONTINUED! muahahahhahahaha I just did another cliffhanger cause I am mean and I have the power to do that >:) ANYWAYS! Thank you again for favorite, commenting, and liking and yeah! It helps a lot to see the support cause it makes me smile every time and makes me want to finish this story! If you have any recommendations or any stories you would like me to write besides this one, please comment or DM me because I want to write more stories after this! See all of you next time :)
One woman raised her hand and Joan smiled warmly as she walked around the room, flipping a switch on the ventilators creating a whirring noise as a slight haze began to flow out the vents. John frowned as he watched her movement. Something seemed familiar with the way she walked, it was as though she had a mission to do and was not going to let anyone get in the way of it.
Sherlock paced across 221B as he kept flickering his eyes back to the board where all the evidence was kept; photos, 3D prints of bodies, different view points, the whole deal. He froze and spun on his heel as he took Kat's photo and lined it up next to Susan's. They both seemed to be laid down in the same form; one arm laid above the head, legs spread like they are running and the fingertips still containing life. Sherlock jumped up and looked closer at the picture and frowned. But she didn't have the ketamine how did she do it? Sherlock froze. John was going to question Joan, the one woman who has been part of all the victim's lives. The parent meeting, something they all had been trying to go to. Kat and her girlfriend were heading home and by the way the house looked, it seemed as though they were in a rush. Sherlock bolted over to get his coat and quickly got his phone out, dialing John's number.
Sherlock whimpered as John disconnected their lips but frowned nonetheless at John's statement. "Well obviously I didn't kill them because Ketamine can't do that unless you overdose but I specifically gave her only enough for one hit. Yes I could be arrested for taking part of the murder but we don't have to worry about that. What we need to focus on is the connection between the two. Yes the two victims found dead were girlfriends but how do we know that they didn't share the drug with anyone else? I got a text when I was heading over to see you from Lestrade saying they found another victim but I don't understand what it could be from. At the moment the daycare is the only place similar to the two victims, now we just need to see who this next one is and start finding the suspects."
John smiled. "He's a cutie! I'm John and this is Sherlock as you know."
Sherlock snorted. "I have a feeling Greg has had some bad days as well so you're covered in that area."
John, who was standing next to him watching him work, cocked an eyebrow. "What do you mean 'what drug'?"
Greg opened his mouth and shut it before narrowing his eyes. "For god's sake Sherlock what the bloody hell has happened to you?"
"Sherlock is everything ok? Will you tell me what happened?" John asked.
"And I don't think I want to ever see this again." Sherlock said with disgust causing the two to spring apart.
John smiled softly and walked over before tucking his head under Sherlock's head. "You scared me a little because I woke up alone in YOUR bedroom."
"I could be asking you the same question. Sherlock what part of leave me alone, didn't you understand?" John asked, a warning tone evident.
Cleaned
Joan rolled her eyes. "Can't be saying that until I have been legally charged. You should know little soldier. But regardless, ever wondered how you woke up? You should be dead."
Today, Rosie had to go to daycare because of the fact Mrs. Hudson needed to visit her sick friend and thus couldn't go and take care of Rosie as John and Sherlock went to solve a case. The two sat in the cab, Rosie on both of their laps because they sat close together. Getting out, Sherlock carefully lifted Rosie and carried her over to the door of the daycare where Susan Hopkins was smiling at them. She had curly brunette hair, blue gray eyes, and had freckles across her nose. The two Baker Street Boys entered the building and saw other mother's dropping their children off. Several of them stared either because they thought they were a gay couple or they recognized Sherlock.
"Well aren't you a dominant." Joan sneers. "Sherlock I may be brilliant and I may have told someone to spray the drugs into the air, but I never laid a finger on it."
"What, about Natural Selection and it's connection to Joan?"
Joan is silent for a minute, analyzing John's face. "How long?"
"Training" Sherlock whispered aloud.
Sherlock squeezed John's hand in return and quickly pecked his lips. "And I for you."
Joan smiled softly and sat next to him, picking up Rosie and doing the exercise for him. "You seem stressed, everything ok? How's Sherlock?"
Sherlock froze. "Well, John, I wasn't going to tell you this because you would probably get angry with me-"
"Best friend."
John laughed weakly. "Rosie, don't ever think I forget about you, okay? I love you, I love you so much. You're our little family...."
Sherlock felt a shock of guilt wash over him but at the moment he would rather be getting turned on than feeling bad about the choices he made. "Yes that's true, I did save your life and everything and I don't think I got a proper thank you.."
Sherlock looked as though he was going to smash the cell so john gently pulled him back. "Don't let her win like that. What does she even mean?"
Sherlock had listened to John quietly and in the inside he knew he screwed up majorly. It was supposed to be a secret. He was supposed to protect John from knowing so he wouldn't hurt him.
"Sorry, frustrated, but John is going to be absolutely fine as we got the antidote however I am very curious as to what you did to the other person who NEEDED the antidote. Did you share it with the poor woman or are we going to get a call proclaiming that somebody else has died?"
"Wait what?!" John shrieked and completely ran, dragging Sherlock with him. They didn't see Mycroft frown and give another $20 to Greg.
"Um, sorry about uh... interrupting.... mycroft owes me $60 for walking in on this..... uh anyways we found more proof."
John cocked an eyebrow. "Oh a distraction? From what? Rosie and I? Were we too much for you or something? Sherlock please do explain what you mean by 'distraction' because I sure as hell do NOT understand."
"I don't understand I didn't think you would return my feelings."
The tips of Greg's ears turned bright red as he coughed and mumbled about going to talk to some witnesses while Mycroft just smirked and watched the boys work. Sherlock walked around Karen's body with a frown and crouched down to look at her fingers than the scene itself. The window was cracked but there was no blood on it or on her head.
Greg frowned in confusion as Sherlock pulled out a folded gas mask as well as another potion. He laughed in  surprise as Mycroft's shoulders lost his tension and John smiled softly.
Sherlock nodded along. "Yes I do recall because you got so drunk off that red wine you kept begging me to kis-"
"You know you're pretty light on your feet." Mycroft commented.
John locked eyes with Sherlock and sighed before pressing play and holding it up to his ear. It was silent except the muted voices from the recording machine as John's face changed in accordance with what was being said. Sherlock was desperately trying to find something to distract him before he did something else stupid but before he could grab something from the shelf, John was letting out a quiet sob. Sherlock turned and John was holding the recorder with it at full volume, locking eyes with Sherlock. Sherlock didn't understand and was about to ask before John, with tears in his eyes, pressed play.
Greg shook his head wildly as he slipped his coat on. "Yeah it's a normal meeting; for a murderer."
"Singing, apparently." Sherlock said with a sour look. "I don't know why we can't teach them the violin."
John nodded in understanding but his head was still buzzing from that kiss. Slowly moving to the desk where all the information was on the murders, he gathered them all up as quietly as he could and headed to his bedroom. Once there, he laid down all the papers. The first victim that they ever saw was Kat Grinly.
Around 10 minutes later, Sherlock with a grand flourish, slammed open the door and pointed at a security officer. "I am here to talk to Joan, a murdering psychopath that needs to be talked to otherwise I am afraid I will have to break her out of her cell and confront her at another area."
Despite Mycroft's semi influential words, Sherlock heard none of it as he already put on his jacket and hat before turning and nodding at his brother's direction to which he responded back with a nod.
Sherlock let out a puff of air in frustration. "But John knows I am different than a soldier. I don't kill people for anyone or rather any reason at all. Sometimes I admit it's for fun but most of the time I do it for the law."
"Odd..." Sherlock murmured as he looked down at ground level.
"What." He muttered out as he walked underneath the street posts.
The door flew open as Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the worried taxi driver. "Yes, why do you ask? He's my..... boyfriend."
"Sherlock hold Rosie for a minute?" John said as he started to get the baby bag situated.
John blinked as his vision was becoming a tad hazy. "What you do?" He slurred.
Greg rolled his eyes. "Of course you know know, yes, Sherlock that's correct."
Sherlock blushed slightly before clearing his throat. "I needed to clear up a situation at hand."
He sighs and takes the seat in front of her and immediately the air changes slightly. "I have been through a lot, Joan. I've seen people die, I've killed people myself when I've had a rough day, I've had to beat others up, even Sherlock, I've had to raise my daughter in the toughest of situations, I've run away from the police, I've had to make choices about life and death, I've had to go through PTSD, and I've had to do so many other things. So I'm going to ask you this once, what else are you hiding?"
John giggled as he sat down with Rosie still in his baby carrier. "Oh wow. Just when you started playing that piano.... it was brilliant, absolutely brilliant! You made a toy for babies sound magnificent and I'm pretty half the mothers were a tad pissed that Rosie wasn't playing."
"You bastard!" She yelled through the gas mask attached to her face.
"You can deduce crime scenes but I can deduce that you're lying. You are physically and emotionally attracted to John Watson and the faster you realize that the better."
John's eyes brightened as he leaned forward and captured his lips in a kiss before his body began to slump. Sherlock himself could feel the drug but he wasn't falling down like all the other girls. He looked around and saw a foggy mess, bodies laying about. His own vision was beginning to get fuzzy and he felt as though his body was becoming numb. He spoke too soon as suddenly his knees turned to jelly, leaving him on the ground. But Sherlock was determined to not let this happen. Joan appeared moments later, drifting through the smoke and putting potions in the bags and pockets of the women. As she neared towards the two men, Sherlock used the rest of his energy to knock her down. Joan collapsed to the floor with a curse as bottles rolled away from her hands.
Greg frowned and flickered his eyes back and forth between him and Sherlock. "Are you two still fighting or...?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes and walked calmly over to John. "John, listen to me, the poison isn't meant to harm the children but only the caregivers. The child takes the poison after playing with the toys at the daycare because the murderer laced it with it since all kids play with the toys with their mouths and hand and then gives it to the parents. This virus was specifically motified in order to not harm any of the children so our murderer has a soft spot. He's just trying to destroy any parents. The murderer obviously wants to own these children and raise them like soldiers. It's the worst kind to be completely honest cause these kids are so stupid and small they can't do anything but that's my opinion...... no offense Rosie."
John closed his eyes and prayed for mercy, because he knew that Sherlock would show none whatsoever.
misleading pose.
The rest of the ride was quiet, and John knew he was brooding, could feel his father's eyes on him as he stared out the window. Between the dramatics with Sherlock and the conversation about Harry, John felt drained, as well as the beginnings of a migraine creeping up on him.
“SIT. DOWN.
“Sherlock,” John whimpered and Sherlock echoed the sentiment, grinding his cock into his lover’s hand with rough strokes. John was riding his thigh, only to push back on his fingers with desperate urgency.
John shifted on his knees. The kneeler wasn't exactly meant for long sessions, and John was beginning to feel it. Also, his burgeoning erection was beginning to press uncomfortably against his pants. He cleared his throat and elaborated.
It was a thin-haired man in an expensive Gieves and Hawkes tailored three piece suit. The man's aquiline nose perched highly into the air as he surveyed John curiously for a moment in shrewd silence, before turning to the direction of the kitchen.
They were moving as one, John pressing up to meet him and Sherlock stroking down as the momentum built. John had set everything aflame, and heat pooled to the very bottom of his belly until his toes curled in his shoes. Every bone in his body tensed, balanced on the precipice.
“No,” Sherlock agreed quietly, “but if you're expecting me to be disappointed then you're wrong.”
However, when Sherlock tore his eyes away from father and son, they immediately locked with a less forgiving pair.
Beneath his hands, John could feel Sherlock shiver at the words, and his hips picking up pace beneath his arse. Having Sherlock inside of him was nothing short of magnificent, and each thrust left him desperate and aching more, if that were even possible.
"And you're afraid that you will hurt someone if you can't contain it." It was a statement, but John agreed nonetheless.
Sherlock glared up at him, though a smile curled the corner of his lips. “Yes?”
Sherlock's lips slid away, only to trace a line of nips down his chin and neck, biting down roughly on John's clavicle until he exhaled sharply.
"John, come
That night, Sherlock went home and drugged himself into oblivion and watched his palace fall, and John with it.
Jasper smiled, mouthing the words as he read, his eyes growing blurry as John's voice filled his head.
John moaned and pushed his hips down, but Sherlock's free hand clamped down on John's hip, stilling his frantic motions. John thought fleetingly that he should be returning the favour, but he couldn't think past,
Sherlock sat up, putting their battle aside for the moment as Mycroft watched John curiously, the child chewing on the bunny ear with vigour. "What do you know?"
John couldn't make him choose. Jasper would always come first to his father.
Mostly smut. Okay, pretty much over 5K words of smut. You have been warned.
"Where is he," Sherlock growled, looming over Molly.
The door to the bathroom swung open just as he went to check his mother's pulse. Once John felt the steady beat, he breathed a sigh of relief, wondering when the time was going to come that he wouldn't feel it any longer.
“Angelo,” Sherlock returned graciously, before pulling his hand back and gesturing to John. “John, this is Angelo. Angelo, John.”
Sherlock nodded and John mirrored the motion, turning his mind to the crucial moment ahead. Sherlock turned to peak around the corner, noticing a door on the right, ajar. The short hallway was empty.
no fun).
It had been too long since he visited this particular room, and yet, his boy was still waiting so patiently for him.
“I'm sorry, who even are you,” John asked incredulously, when he could no longer fathom that the man on the other side of the screen could possibly be a vicar.
Sherlock remembers watching him outside the door to his bedroom, scolding his younger sister, Harriet, for her careless words about their parent's subsequent divorce. John was so young, yet starving for attention, working his way through a rebellious streak teenagers often came into when they were tired of being treated like children.
Because he'd allowed John to sleep so long, the infant stayed active throughout the night after having another bottle and well into the morning, when at last he fell asleep.
listening.
Of course Sherlock would be listening. John glanced over to see the man had moved, and his hands were now steepled under his chin, though his eyes remained closed. His skin was so pale against the dark leather, a wonderful contrast that highlighted Sherlock's supernatural features.
"John, are you alright in there, mate? I heard you yelling last night." Mike. His voice was muffled through the door, but his worry was clear. John was torn between guilt and a hate so strong he had actually begun to wake up.
Then there were breaths near his neck, wetness on the back of his shoulder where a damp muzzle sniffled. John hadn't heard him coming, and before he realized it, John was feeling the rippling vibrations of the change beneath his skin.
Sherlock growled against his skin and swiped a hot line up to John’s ear that nearly made him come in his pants. “This mouth can do anything you want,” he purred. “And for the record, you should know I’m more partial licking arse than sucking pussy.” At this, Sherlock slid his large palm down John’s back and grasped his arse, his long middle finger pointedly pressing into the seam of John’s trousers, right over his wanton hole.
John wasn't sure if Sherlock actually slept, but his breathing was even and not a peep came from him.
John stilled.
John could feel his hand trembling under his duress. How did they see him, now? A shaking, mess of a creature; destroyed and mentally fragile, a burden.
John smiled with a cocky little twist to his mouth, shrugging. “Try me, Sherlock.” The words were out before John realized it, and surprised, he touched his fingers to his lips.
Another sound, this time louder, like a giggling infant.
"Would you like to hold him," asked Molly, shifting the infant in her arms to make it easier to transfer him to Sherlock.
No, John was not ready yet, because… well, because he couldn't stop staring at himself in disbelief. Victor Trevor, it appeared, was a man who knew how to make a damned good suit. Of course John already knew this, could tell by the cut of Sherlock bespoke wardrobe, but he never thought that he would see it on himself.
When Jasper looked up, Sherlock was standing before him holding out a cup of tea patiently. Jasper took it and nodded his thanks, waiting for his dad to settle in the opposite chair before trying to think of anything to say. He cleared his throat.
Holmes' hands were just as greedy as his lips, venturing over his body with care and expertise, and kneading his skin into submission. Deft hands were working at the button and fly of John's denims, pushing them down, down, down, and over his feet. John hadn’t worn any pants underneath, so now he stood, vulnerable and naked from the waist down before his striking lover. Holmes had yet to reach for his t-shirt, and was in no great hurry to, John assume. He didn't know how Holmes knew about the bruises, but he found himself grateful for the man's insight.
Instead, he said, “Make me come. I want to see my come on your lips, and then I want to kiss you until we both can’t breathe.”
Victor's eyes softened in a familiar way that made John's stomach clench as he stood off to the side. He didn't have Sherlock's gift for deduction, but he certainly wasn't blind. Sherlock often handled physical contact in a way one would expect him to, as he wasn't fond of being touched by anyone unless he initiated the contact, but with Victor, he didn't even blink. Thankfully, Sherlock had no such compunctions when it came to John, also.
- Cacerolazo means casserole, but also is a form of protest in which the protestors basically make as much nose as possible, banging pots and pans, etc.. You can google this, as well, for more information. Knowledge is power.
“You're nervous,” Sherlock said, tilting his head with narrowed eyes. His eyes stood out like stained glass windows and John could see his reflection in them, jaw tight and posture, stiff. “You're respiration has increased and if you squeeze your glass any harder, I'm quite sure it'll break,” he said, his eyes flitting to John's hand - which John hurriedly retracted to swipe along the thigh of his pants - then back to his face. There was that spark of insight, and Sherlock's mouth was twisting into a wry smile. “Of course, you've never made love to a man before, so you're worried that I'll be dissatisfied.”
Victor rolled his eyes with a smirk, holding the pencil between his lips as he pulled the measuring tape around John’s shoulders. Afterwards, he shoved the pencil between his tied up locks and began on John's legs. “Yes, dear, I'm not exactly a novice,” Victor chuckled. “You've caught quite the looker, though. You know how much I'm a sucker for blue eyes.”
The man's eyes scanned over the captive's face as if reading every thought passing through his mind, so John masked his expressions and peered at the stranger under heavy brows. Piercing verdigris eyes flickered from John's face and down his bruised body, staying longer at some places than others as if he were collecting information and filing it away.
“You bet your sweet arse.”
John sat up at the end of the clip and pulled his knees to his chest. His arms were covered in goose pimples.
Surprised, John raised his brows in silent question. Sherlock only returned a blank, but pleasant smirk. “How’d you guess about the roses?” He asked, taking the cup cautiously, his fingers passing lightly over Sherlock’s. Black tea and a splash of milk just the way he liked it. One sip confirmed the light dash of sugar.
Three years into his service and things were still relatively peaceful at the base. They did their patrols and in the months where there was nothing much to do, John was left to stitch up the scrapping soldiers and treat minor illnesses.
"All right," John's voice cut into his thoughts, and Sherlock flushed with the realization that he was properly fantasizing about his client right in front of him. "You look a bit peaky," he finished with some concern.
The phone rang once, before Sherlock picked up with a brusque, "What is it?"
“You look like you’ve had about enough of this place for the night, too. You should go home,” Lady Grey stated, pulling her jacket tighter around herself. Sherlock resisted the urge to push her back against the brick wall and shove his hands under that jacket; he was sure that Lady Grey wouldn’t mind.
John nodded, but failed to force his legs to move. Doing so would be visiting old memories, facing the death of his family, the people that he couldn't protect. The dearth of life where there was once a thriving pack -
"I have to go, Sherlock," John lifted his hands and gently pried Sherlock's spindly fingers off his shoulders. His skin prickled where they touched, and John had to force himself to let go or else he'd never leave. He turned to the door.
John nodded, blushing again, but this time in embarrassment. “Of course,” he conceded.
It was Lestrade.
John groaned in aggravation, a headache creeping up on him. "I'm not, Mike! Just you wait until you've heard the interview."
Playlist:
Suddenly, the blindfold was pulled away, and the only thing John could focus on were those electric eyes, spearing him, and that glorious body moving within his own.
Sherlock's first reaction was to snap at her, to tear her down, anything to take attention away from his moment of vulnerability, but Sherlock found that he couldn't. Ever since the Fall, he'd developed a sort of camaraderie with Molly, and though he chose to distance himself, he still felt indebted to her. When he hadn't a friend in the world, or one that he could talk to at least, Molly was always there.
He'd planned to take John home that night, feed him (Chinese was their preferred spread after a successful case), and then take him to their bedroom where they would stay until the next afternoon.
Sherlock turned to Victor with a question in his eyes, but settled for waiting on his friend to elaborate.
Sherlock leaned forward and captured him, plunging through the gap in John's lips and plundering his mouth and every little thought along with it. It was sloppy and passionate, possessive and everything about Sherlock that John couldn't get enough of. “Yes, yesyesyesyes,” Sherlock chanted as he pulled away, his hand still tangled in John's hair. “Everything, I want everything, John. All of it. Give it to me, come on.”
With the grace and inhuman speed of a practiced predator, his captor had a hand wrapped around the smaller man's throat, cutting off the air through his trachea, and effectively silencing him. “I said don't...talk.” between words, the hand continued to constrict John's throat in a hold far stronger than the man looked to be. “More hunters will come looking for you, and you've led them straight to me.” The man watched him with a warning , and John recognized it, nodding as best as he could while his throat was being held hostage. The stranger slowly released him, standing and taking a step back as he nonchalantly brushed non-existent lint off of his immaculate suit. He gazed down imperiously at the chained man, running a hand through the curls on his forehead. “Against my better judgment, I will allow you a day to recover, and after, you must leave; take yourself and your trouble elsewhere that won't cause my pack to suffer the same fate as yours.”
He stepped back and Sherlock's hand dropped back to his side heavily.
John frowned in bemusement.
He wanted something, starved for it, and Sherlock understood that the only way he could ever understand himself was if he allowed Irene to peel him back like an onion and reveal his true nature. So he did, and Sherlock was not surprised at what he saw, because he'd felt it long, long before then.
Sherlock smiled, shark-like and hungry. "Well then, shall we begin?"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, scanning John over once, and then twice. Was it a trick question? What was the right answer? What was John playing at? If Sherlock said no, would he leave?
Sherlock was pushing his head down, and without a second thought, John was stroking the foreskin back with one hand and licking his way up the ridge of Sherlock's cock. It was way too much, and not quite enough. John had never felt this hungry, this eager to please someone in his life, and yet this man could order him to get on his knees and do something he'd never done before.
The beat changed to a pop-like rhythm as she landed on the stage and threw the boa to the crowd. Someone caught it and yelled, “I love you, Lady Grey!”
There was a cafe around the corner that threw away extra food at closing time. If he could make it there before the others, he might be able to find something good.
Mycroft tapped the tip of his cane against the lino. "Rest assured, however, you will not be leaving this room until you've been thoroughly primed on the care of an infant."
Before long, he was stepping out of the shower and towelling off his hair with one hand and texting John with the other. The messages were coming in slower now than they’d been before. It was obvious that John didn’t text often and it was Sherlock’s preferable means of communication, but he found he liked John’s presence and the sound of his voice more than simple words on a screen.
Standing was an admirable feat, as John could still feel the lingering traces of the alcohol trying to take him down. He pushed through it and made his way to the door. The light from the hallway peeked in through the gap beneath the door, and John squared his shoulders, steadying himself for the inevitable encounter with Sherlock.
; loyal, steadfast, a fighter, and they lead you right to us... to
John nodded and leant to the side to dig the recorder from his pocket. "Do you mind?" He asked Holmes to which he received only an arched eyebrow in response. "Okay, let's begin." John fumbled with the voice recorder, flustered under Holmes' intense scrutiny. He sat it on the table and clicked the red button to begin recording.
John wondered how he could feel so tumultuously about a character he created for himself. He’d always loved Lady Grey and treasured her existence; she’d saved him. Now, it seemed like he was pitting himself against her for Sherlock’s favour. It was ridiculous.
John closed his hands around the key and eased his grip from between her weathered hands. “I know,” he said, and it was true. Before Sherlock had shut down, he’d shown John all those things, how considerate he could be, how deeply he often felt things. As caught off guard as John had been in the back of the car, Sherlock's reaction to their conversation was one of raw emotion.
"That... was brilliant! You are
The woman shucked the somber façade for a cheerful veneer with the ease of one simply changing masks, and smiled brightly at the young male. "Of course, love; go right ahead, and call me Mary, please."
He willed Sherlock to face him, tugging gently on his lover’s bicep. The hand attached to Sherlock's lip dropped, and the man turned to stare down at him with a wonderfully expressive crystalline gaze. “Caring is not an advantage,” he said, as if reciting words he’d heard a thousand times before.
John pursed his lips and fought down the smile that threatened to crack his deceptively impassive front. He raised his chin another inch in defiance and returned Holmes’ critical glare.
With his free hand, Sherlock squeezed some of the lube onto John's cock, cold enough to make John squirm, but the warmth of Sherlock's hand eradicated it. John was so swollen it hurt, and Sherlock tsked at him in mock pity, though a smirk lingered at the corner of his lips.
Lestrade leaned against the door frame and watched while Sherlock settled infant John on his belly and rubbed his back in wide circular motions. Lestrade's perplexed gaze was a heavy weight on his back, but Sherlock was himself hypnotized with the way John's tiny chest lifted and fell. He was alive and breathing. John was
Lestrade rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest in a long suffering gesture that indicated the man was very familiar with, and unfortunately, used to dealing with Sherlock. "You tell that bloody bastard I wouldn't be here if he'd bother to answer his damned phone!"
words in
So, I know this was a long time coming, but never fear, I am back and this story is back on the schedule. Thank you so very much to my great betas Crickette,
"Wait hold on, you KNEW it was the daycare we dropped Rosie off at? And you didn't think that, oh, I don't know, maybe it isn't a goOD FUCKING IDEA TO PUT HER WHERE THERES A POISON SCARE?" John screamed at Sherlock who was calmly sitting in his chair.
"It's ok John don't worry here sit down." Joan said softly.
Susan nodded, slightly disturbed. "And the parents names please."
It wasn’t him, none of this and yet all of it was, Sherlock was the only one that really knew him and John was the only one that could understand Sherlock. Now John felt like he was on his own, going an entirely different direction than following Sherlock, following what his parents had planned for him. Grey was what he was used to following but now he feels completely blind.
John didn't realize how tense he was until he finally relaxed and saw the mess he had made, spilled clumps of formula mixing with the water on the counter and dripping on the floor, his boxers getting soaked on the side from being pressed up against the counter and Rosamund began to cry again. He sat Rosamund in her chair and put his phone on the table as he rushed to clean everything up and made her a new bottle, he knew it was getting out of control again. But he refused to see another therapist, refused to talk to the one he used to have anyways.
Sherlock stiffened up and he licked over his lips with a nod, “I guess so, considering she is there child.” He said and stopped writing a minute. “Yes, yes of course.” She laughed and went deep in thought for a minute before looking over at Sherlock again, he sighed. He didn’t hate Mrs Hudson, she just...Seemed to pop in at the wrong time.
Waking up to the usual cry of his new alarm, telling him that was morning and time to eat. He groaned and rubbed his eyes, hearing the wails on the baby monitor and got up in his boxers. Standing in the middle of his room in a daze, staring at the door and let out a heavy sigh before he walked out to Rosamund. The crying getting louder once he saw her in the crib, "Shh, shh...It's alright, I'm here now. Daddy's here." He mumbled and picked her up with a small smile, "You always wake me up early, don't you?" He asked her with a slight laugh as she cried in his arms and clung to him.
It all felt like cotton was being pulled from his ears, every sound he wasn’t listening to before was now surrounding him, “I saw you run in here.” He heard the familiar voice, his foot still firmly planted on his beaten glasses.
John began to shake a bit as he held it all in, once Sherlock had held onto him. He couldn’t help but arm an arm back around him, gripping at the back of shirt and pressed his forehead into Sherlock’s shoulder. He hated feeling this weak, like a child that needed to be comforted. He hated the lingering memories of Mary’s death, the tears started to come out. Taking in deep breaths and grunted as he pulled Sherlock closer. Sherlock closed his eyes, keeping his arms around John tightly, the way he was standing was uncomfortable but he knew John needed it.
He let out a heavy sigh as he let the tension leave his body and he rubbed his face out of exhaustion, sniffling a few more times. He felt himself getting a cold, he really should’ve worn a coat, he crawled under the covers and began to think about earlier.
Waking up at six in the morning wasn’t his weekend plan but he can’t really find it in himself to just go back to sleep. Instead he gets out of his bed, hearing it creak as the weight from his body is lifted off of it, the shuffling of his feet against the carpeting the only sound in his house besides the constant hum. He heads into the bathroom, the only thing lighting it up is the thin rays of sun shining in through the window, he stares at himself in the mirror, quickly looking away and out the door before he finally decides that he should lock it for privacy.
“Esse Quam Videri.” Sherlock muttered under his breath, starting John to hesitate in step, “It means to be rather than appear.” He said immediately afterward before John even had the chance to ask, he continued to just stare forward. Taking long strides with his hands in his pockets.
John’s weekend was long and tiresome, he had the brief thought of wanting to go to school but realized that it would bring him more troubles. Instead he did the usual wa define around the house and laid around till Monday. Not realizing he fell asleep until his god awful alarm clock went off and he woke up slowly. Not opening his eyes until he sat up in bed fully and stumbled onto the floor.
Rosamund had John’s expression, her eyebrows knitting together when she didn’t get a bottle or it was taken from her. She had her mother’s smile, she never really stopped smiling and it hurt John. Reminding him so much of Mary and how she’ll never get to see her grow. He knows that, seeing her take her first steps will be hard without Mary with him.
“Hiding yourself, pretending to be someone your not and changing yourself in front of morons is worse than just being you. You’re weak to society and are like the rest of them.” Sherlock was digging deep but John wanted to stand his ground, his fist balled up and he swung right at him.
“I might say, those colorful vases almost fooled me too, they seemed pretty intricate. Don’t you think?” John hesitated as he nodded his head, he needed to get out of the conversation before it started up again. What he was trying to get away from, it was nagging at him again and he clenched his jaw, “I better get going.” He sighed out quickly and adjusted his sunglasses as he was getting ready to walk away, “You know, the sun isn’t out enough for you to be wearing sunglasses.” He called out to John as he began to walk, “Why are you always wearing them?” He asked and John’s eyes widened, not turning around as he felt like his heart stopped, like everything around him was going to stop with him and stare at him, he could feel the whole world's eyes on him.
Welp, I am beat.
Now she is left to be the one embarrassed, “I am not taking advice from a kid like you!” She shouts at him and takes the vase out of his hand as she storms off, smoke should be coming out of her ears like in cartoons John thinks to himself as he stands there speechless.
Sherlock’s journal splayed on the ground and both of their bags somehow torn away from their bodies until a teacher came to separate them from each other. Forcing students to class while John and Sherlock went to the office.
It'll get better, I swear...
He didn’t want to think about it any more than he had, trying to make himself busy, “Is there anything else? Did Lestrade call at all today? Check your phone. Nevermind, I’ll do it myself while you’re busy with her.” He grumbled and glanced over at the baby that was drooling on John’s lap. He scrunched his nose up slightly and checked his phone. Nothing.
Sherlock, he wasn’t lying about going to the same school, he’s felt that he had seen him around before, always alone. He didn’t know what he thought of him, he was different, he knew that. But, he didn’t know what really pulled him in, he never really met anyone like him before. He felt his gut twist just thinking about it and sat back up, already needing some fresh air, his heart raced slightly. He didn’t want to think anymore about it, about him.
Playlist:
Aaaaand there was Holmes' tongue, sliding past the boundary of John's lips.
John allowed his tongue to slip out and touched it to the tip of his finger. When he closed his eyes, Sherlock was standing over him in the tent, hissing as John's tongue ran over his glans in devotion. John made sure to keep his eyes on the man above him. He’d learned to take cues from the smallest of twitches, and it always made the intercourse so much sweeter when John could give his lovers exactly what they wanted without saying a word.
Predictably, Sarah made a hasty exit and John was disappointed in Sherlock.
John had meant it as a joke, but the grey-haired man grew serious all too quickly, and the younger wolf felt his smile fall away. "No, you really don't."
Sherlock pulled away and took his hand. "Come to bed with me.".
Wow, so I'm finally finished with this. Gosh, and all the love was amazing! Thank you all so very much for being patient with me. I know nobody like WIP's, but for all of those who gave this a chance, you have my infinite gratitude! I'm still deciding whether I want to write a one-shot about what happens after, but I kind of like the open ending. I'd like to think they all live happily ever after, but you can interpret it however you like. Anyways, thank you so much for reading and if you'd like to receive updates on my stories or any other news, please join me on
They were nose-to-nose, and John’s warm breath fanned across his face as he laughed. Sherlock stared, unable to look away even for a moment. “This package comes with two… I hope you know that,” John said, and his smile faded slightly.
“I… I never intended for you to feel that way. A crutch implies one that is only needed to fill a void, but I assure you, you’ve meant more to me than that for a long time now.” Sherlock cleared his throat, discomfited by his need to validate John’s position in his life as much for himself as for John.
Sherlock sat with him through the nightmares.
Everyone is flustered and panicking, speaking excitedly across the table with one another, gearing up to form a search party for the little girl.
. It was a moment of weakness on my part and it won't happen again.”
John wanted to ignore the question and avert Mike's attention to lighter topics, but his flatmate wasn't the type to be diverted easily. John scratched his head idly with a free hand, wondering if he should leave out the minutiae of his exploits with Sherlock. He was sure that Mike wouldn't want to hear that what was supposed to be a 'paid internship' is turning out to be a game of 'who will succumb to their baser urges first'.
Sarah raised a meticulously arched brow. "Does he?"
, and also to my amazing muse,
There weren't many others around, a few other couples were scattered around the dining room, whispering over glasses of wine and water. The smell of baked bread and rosemary drifted around the room, causing John's stomach to rumble loudly over the music.
: "Okay so, I feel like I need to get this off my chest. Many of you who are writers and use AO3 as a creative outlet understand how timely it can be to write, edit, and post chapters on that website. We also know how scary and nerve wracking it can be to share work on a public forum for anyone to read. If you are a silent reader, please understand that feedback is such a wonderful way to let that author know that they aren’t the only ones reading their story. It can be a muse killer when it feels like all the hours of writing and editing are fruitless. Even constructive criticism is a gift when it comes to sharing a work, because I, for one, learn much from feedback and use it to further my writing. So, don’t get me wrong, you all have been lovely (silent readers, lurkers, scanners, kudo clickers, and everyone who gave my stories a chance), but please, if you have a minute to do so, let me know what you think of a chapter. This goes for any story you may be reading by any author. Everyone who has posted on AO3 has put themselves out there. Grant them the courtesy of letting them know what you think, even if it’s just constructive criticsm or simply a ‘good chapter’. In the end, it’s so gratifying for that author, believe me. No one wants to think that their story isn’t good enough. For all of you who have been kind enough to take the time to leave feedback, you have my eternal thanks, because in the long run, I am a better writer for it. Without fail, you have pointed things out to me and brought to light, points of my story that I hadn’t thought of before. Y'all keep me right! Anyways, have a good night everyone and happy reading!"
John stared at the message, staggered. So this was it. Sherlock must have told Mycroft what he’d decided. Now, it was all so very real, and soon, John would be leaving London and headed to places unknown. Sure enough, Mycroft would put him in active duty. He was a problem and Mycroft Holmes was a powerful man that had the power to render John moot. It was frightening.
At the appellation, John noticed a miniscule darkening of Holmes' eyes, so quick he would have missed it if he hadn't been watching. It made his belly throb. Holmes noted John’s realization, and suddenly, the connection from earlier had returned, sparking and crackling between them.
“Does he know?”
There were so many new sensations, all slamming into his body with acute force, and not even the tense rigidity of his body as he curled his toes, could push back the intensity. John could feel his eyes roll back in his head as Sherlock fucked him with his tongue, only relenting occasionally to push a slick finger into his arse, against that bundle of nerves that made him clutch the edge of the table with white-knuckled fingers.
The door opened to a hallways lit with hanging parraffin lamps leading down the hallway where another door was slightly ajar. John could hear voices trickling through, drifting softly down the corridor to where he and Lestrade stood.
Although, he did get such pleasure out of hearing John’s breath grow quicker, catch, as Sherlock pulled his trousers up over the curve of his arse and let the band settle around his hips. The ensemble fit snugly but comfortably on his figure, Victor had made sure of that. As an artist, he understood the lines of Sherlock’s body better than any other tailor he’d ever commissioned, and as a friend, Victor had been witness a time or two to Sherlock’s vanity. Victor knew the fine cut of a cloth like Sherlock knew advanced chemistry, and so their working relationship ran like a well-oiled engine.
The dark skinned woman, Sally, jumped up angrily, a growl humming deep in her chest. "Now what are we going to do? We're not prepared for an outright battle, we'll all be dead!"
With one more grounding breath, John pulled open the door and stepped out into the hall. The music didn't stop this time, not until he was well into the sitting room, standing awkwardly off to the side as Sherlock completed his piece.
"How did you-," John began, only to have his question waved off with a fluttering hand.
That moment lasted a lifetime, and still, it was not enough to fill Sherlock’s insatiable thirst for his partner. Sherlock touched with intention and kissed with passion, toeing the thin line between the rabid need to press his body forward and sink, and indulging in the feast before him with slow, decadent pleasure.
Lestrade didn't back down from Sherlock's mercurial glare and the moment stretched interminably between the two, before Sherlock scoffed angrily.
A more brilliant idea couldn't have come to Sherlock in that moment. Outside it was dark; no one would be able to see them together.
John licked his lips again and swallowed. “It's not pinned down, you can just pull it off.”
Before his thoughts could drift too far, Sherlock snapped back to the scene before him. The escort grinned, happy to have Sherlock's attention on him again, and dropped the last article of clothing at his feet.
Sherlock tilted his head, his eyes flitting over John’s face, over his cheeks, down his chin, and then finally, brought his pale gaze back up to meet his. “But what I can’t quite figure out is how Lady Grey came about.”
Lestrade turned to meet the other man who strode in with a replacement bowl and refilled cup. Rolling his eyes, John caught the words the man hissed under his breath. "Damn it, Sally!"
John closed his eyes and leant back against the tree, listening for any sign of Sherlock approaching. He was sure it had been half an hour when he left him with the dead human, and still no sign of him.
Sherlock retrieved it with a triumphant, “Ah-ha!”, then focused all of that singular attention on John again.
Sherlock's shoulder was moving, and John lifted higher to peer down at the man on his knees. The sight of Sherlock furiously pulling at his cock, slick with his own pre-come, was John's unraveling. Sherlock's tongue, and fuck, those eyes, that finger. So much, he couldn't even string words together.
John felt the pressure of Sherlock against his back, the prickle of fine hairs along his arms standing up in reaction as heat crept up the nape of his neck. There was absolutely no way that he was going to turn back and acknowledge the tosser positively looming over him like some great bloody shadow.
The sound that issued from John’s throat was nothing short of a plea. He refused to believe it could be a whimper, but whatever he intended it as, Holmes understood the subtext as he lowered a hand to stroke John’s cock.
“These bloody things,” John grumbled, growling as he wrestled to release the button from the hole.
He swallowed, clearing his throat before he began. “Do you remember, John, our little playtime with rope? The very first time?” It was rhetorical, no response required and John didn’t offer an answer, instead dropping his eyes down then lifting them up again, coy and burning with lust at the memory. “It was my intention to do that again…”
, John," he stated, as if it were beneath him, which John would bet his life that was exactly what the prick was thinking.
“You’ll take the room,” he ordered, removing his coat and jacket before he flopped down on the couch. He needed time to think and it was already late, bordering on insomniac hours. Sherlock didn’t mind, but John required the rest.
“I don't forgive you,” Sherlock murmured into John's cheek. “I think… I think I hate you for what you've done.”
John didn't even know her very well, but already, he felt envy rear it's ugly head, a tight, palpable grip in his chest when he thought about Sherlock being involved with someone like
“I see,” Victor nodded. “Now, out with it.”
John glanced up, seeing the darkness in Sherlock's eyes, the one he'd seen earlier, when Mycroft brought up the topic of humans. It was such a profound hatred, palpable, even up close, and although John didn't exactly mirror that feeling, he felt slivers of it when he thought about the fate of his kin.
She lunged forward and embraced him, and John, forgetting himself, dropped the cane and enveloped her in his arms. “Oh my God... Sarah,” he breathed.
John swallowed down his heated retort at Sherlock's caustic reply. Sherlock was spoiling for a fight, but John wasn't going to give him one. "Do what you like," he murmured, washing out the cup he'd used earlier in the day. John felt the heat on his back before Sherlock even said a word.
He stands there, just staring, studying himself before he closes his eyes tightly, hearing himself swallowing as he shifts on his feet and lowers his head. Thinking really hard, extra hard, wanting to see if he can make some gears turn in his head. To make something click, explode, piece together, fix itself, do SOMETHING. Anything. He lifts his head up to face the mirror without opening his eyes, he’s played this game with himself so many times before that he knew what the result was going to be. Yet, he still refused to believe that he would being seeing a bleak world. Denied the fact that he didn’t know the difference between a red or black shirt, a purple wall to a brown wall. He would deny and deny, and he will continue to do so.
John just sat there and listened to him with a nod, “Well, you’re going to find somebody that you’ll worry about. I don’t think that is unnecessary at all, that is just human nature.” He shrugged and crossed his arms on the table to rest his head, “If anything, that is a necessity. They say two heads work better than one, find someone like you and I think you’ll be able to remember even more.”
John rose his eyebrows, “How old are you?” He asked with a soft smile and shook his head, “Amazing, it truly is that you can see right through me like that...Can you like...Unfocus on that or turn it off?”
The guy lets out a heavy sigh which startles John when he looks back, “If the bottom were white and smooth then it's not an original Italian ceramic, made with traditional materials and techniques. I am guessing that she is aware that they are fakes but she is just too stubborn to admit it to us.” He hums and John just stares at him, “Incredible.” He comments after a while of just staring and It’s the guys turn to be slightly startled, John cleared his throat and ran a hand through his hair, “I mean...I couldn’t even tell they were fakes, that was fascinating to listen to. But, I didn’t need your help.” He said, irritation obvious in his voice, their eyes meeting.
Sherlock, he was right about this. About them, they don’t understand or care for the things he likes. He took in a deep breath and lifted his head, he didn’t want to be alone, he felt like all eyes were on him now that he wasn’t part of the crowd.
John held his breath for a second and clenched his jaw, “I...I am unsure, we don’t talk as much so I don’t bother him.” He felt that twist in his heart again, Mary’s face in the back of his mind and he looked away from Lestrade. “You’re right, it’s not your place to be bugging about this.” He shot back, he knew Greg was just trying to help, but right now wasn’t a good time to talk about it. It would probably never be a good time to talk about it, unable to even mention it or hear about it.
“You know what I mean, don’t act like a bloody idiot.” He stepped closer and John could sense the atmosphere change, people were watching and his heart was pounding in his chest. He was feeling fiery, something getting a hold of him on the inside and he swallowed hard as Sherlock spoke again.
“Can you turn off Monochromacy?” He asked sarcastically and started to walk off and out the door, leaving John to stand there with a wide grin on his face and laugh, “Touché.” He sighed out and gathered himself before heading out and to his own class.
He opened the door, everything hazier than before, his mother at the dinner table by herself. Looking over and seeing the bruises, dried blood and sweat all over John, she rose in concern and walked over to him. He clutched at the strap of his bag, he pulled her into a hug. No matter how much it hurt him physically, he held onto her tight, feeling like he was five.
But the way he had looked at him...Like he was afraid that he’d lose Sherlock too, after what had happened. No, he sat up quickly and caused John to jolt a bit, “Jesus, a bit of a warning would be great Dracula.” John huffed out with a slight smile on his face. Sherlock shook his head, “You should be used to it by now after the years you’ve lived with me here.” He muttered back quickly and walked off to the kitchen.
That was back then, merely a year and twenty-two days ago to be exact. Even now he’d do it on occasion, only when he knew John would be out for awhile doing whatever the hell John needed to do outside of a case. Nothing Important, maybe going out to the pub, Sherlock could care less what John did outside their cases.
Lestrade rose his eyebrows, Sherlock had just sat there quietly staring at him since he came in. A bit startled when he finally spoke up, “Oh, well...I just wanted to check up on both of you, after everything that happened.” Sherlock stiffened, every muscle in his body tensed up at once and his eyes narrowed, “You’re just repeating yourself.” He said back quickly and got up off of his chair and Lestrade’s eyes followed him, “Are you alright, Sherlock?” he asked curiously, “I’m sure the therapy John has been going through is helping him, but what about you?” he questioned and Sherlock glanced back at him.
“I really like Elton John’s song, Your Song.” He said and he heard them all start bursting out laughing, he felt his face burn up with the heat of embarrassment.
He was into a lot of styles lately, still wanting to see what he looked best in but right now he was hating sweaters since they weren’t really ‘in’ amongst his peers. He sat there staring down at his feet before looking at his bedside table that held his alarm clock and sunglasses. He bit his lip as he stared at them and grabbed them forcefully as he put them on with his eyebrows knitted together. It was a part of the routine he hated.
He felt a sudden rush of tiredness flow over him like a weighted blanket, as if someone were telling him to just sleep it off and quite honestly he thought it to be the best idea. To just sleep the weekend away; consequently, that would lead to getting yelled at for sleeping too long and constantly having to wake up to eat and do chores.
“Don’t you understand this will go on your record? They’ll suspend you from rugby.” John finally heard the truth as to why his father was really upset and he felt the lump in his throat grow. The anger rose back up and he grabbed his things as he walked passed him, he didn’t realize he didn’t have his sunglasses until he went outside.
He could still feel the guilt, he had his eyes closed in deep thought, but it crawled up his spine and started to nag at the back of his head again, it was awful. He couldn’t deal with his head being cluttered with useless stuff like this, it was a whole year ago. It was done, he did drugs and got caught by John. John was worried, that was it.
His eyes averted away from him as he clutched at the ice pack in hand, “Do you have any idea how worried you made your mother when she heard you got into a fight?” His father’s gruff voice was all too familiar when he got into trouble, when he almost quit the team.
Sherlock groaned quietly and rubbed his face with a hand and sat like that a minute, listening to see if she was going to walk away, “Sherlock I know you haven’t left.” She said as she knocked on the door again, he got up and unlocked the door for her.
He knew this was bigger than just a small apology in the office with a few packs of ice, he heard the door freak open, snapping away from his clouded mind and stood up immediately. Hoping it was Sherlock coming back, chest tightening as he was about to blurt out another apology. It was his father, mouth twitched in response to seeing his father in front of the door.
A whole month passed and it barely felt that long, but at the same time felt like years when he was with Sherlock. Sherlock constantly surprised him, the way he expressed things, his jokes, interests, sarcasm. He was always doing something that may have seemed odd to other students, “What is that?” John asked while they sat outside during lunch.
“Go away.” He managed, his voice cracking horribly and he kept staring down at his foot, “I don’t need your damn pity!” He shouted, “I don’t need any of it! Go away!” He was letting the words tumble out without really thinking, the words weren’t for Sherlock.
John finally began to shake as he pressed his face into her and she hugged back, he forced himself to keep in the tear no matter how blurry his vision got. He choked on words he wanted to let out so he stayed silent.
John shot out a quick apology and his mother sighed out heavily, “Well, breakfast is ready if you’re hungry, and wash up. Your hair is a complete mess.” She said as she walked off and he went back to look at himself in the mirror, now noticing all the cowlicks he had plus the wind from when he was out. He felt his face flush with complete embarrassment as he tried to flatten it, Sherlock and that lady saw him like this? He couldn’t imagine showing his face out there again after he went out looking like this.
He felt Sherlock’s hand grip his forearm roughly and he stopped where he was, everything was coming back full circle and he wasn’t going to make him forget. Sherlock’s grip loosened, “I know you’re afraid, you avoid specific conversations about and you hangout with people you don't necessarily want to be around.” It was barely a whisper but to John the words were screaming at him.
The one time, maybe the only time. He did a drug when he knew John would be home in less than thirty minutes. He was on the floor staring up at the ceiling, the table once full of papers and files were all scattered around him on the floor. Newspaper articles cut up and bunched up in his hand, hearing the door click, echoing in his head.
“It’s not just being able to keep all of it in my head, it’s about knowing how to find it all again when I need it and not bury it with unnecessary stuff. Like, what am I going to wear tomorrow, what to eat, who am I going to call and worrying about a significant other.” He muttered his face still buried inside his swelling journal, his hand moving fast as he filled in pages and pages of god knows what.
He hopes that someday, maybe tomorrow, that this film over his ‘true’ vision will peel away and reveal the world he has missed out on. He slowly, very hesitantly, opens his eyes and looks himself over again and again before he accepts that there hasn’t been any change. This game that he plays isn’t fun, completely opposite of that, it hurts him, wringes him dry of a good morning and leaves him bitter. It’s going to be one of those days now.
“What kind of shit observation is that?” John huffed defensively and adjusted his sunglasses, he did felt a tug of guilt at his chest. A few people stopped talking and John felt their eyes on them, they were causing a scene.
John didn’t question him, he was just odd in general. As he walked down the halls with Sherlock he avoided the looks he was given for hanging out with him. Even his old friend group avoided him after they’ve seen what he does with Sherlock, he was now fully considered outcasted.
God, why did he have to go and say something weird like that? He should’ve just said he liked Metallica or something. He stopped while they all kept walking on without him like he wasn’t even there to begin with.
John didn’t know what to say about that until Sherlock cleared his throat and pulled away, “Is that what you wanted to hear?” He stared at him and felt tension growing, “Or did you already know that?” Sherlock shrugged, “It was a mere guess about fitting into school since it is a common thing amongst our age group to try and fit in. It was a guess between that or color blindness but both were likely in this case.”
John could feel the tension and Lestrade looked over at him hopefully to say something, John cleared his throat and earned a glance from Sherlock. Waiting for a response from him, he knit his eyebrows together. “Well, hello to you too. You called me, early in the morning to just stand around with you and Greg?” He scoffed and Lestrade moved out of the way as John went to sit in the chair.
If he admitted it, he did genuinely care for John. The corners of his mouth lifting up slightly and falling every time John would bring up something small that had happened to him on the way back to the flat. Even if he didn't care, he liked hearing him ramble on about small things that Sherlock didn't even bother dealing with.
It all began to irritate him more until he finally made it and found himself looking around for what’s-his-name in school. He can’t believe he already forgot, a name that was so unique that John had to force himself away from it a few times yesterday. Sherlock, that was it, he was looking for Sherlock in the school.
“John...The case, the case is solved.” He managed to mumble out, John rushing over to him and helping him to sit up. Not quite remembering the words John was shouting at him hurriedly, only remembering the hurt look in John’s eyes. The way he felt the muscles of John’s hands tense up when he grabbed him. His breathing quickening ever so slightly, he was terrified, for him.
“My favorites have to come from Nirvana and Metallica, y’know?” One of them said after a few moments of silence within the group and they all became rowdy again. Talking about bands that John liked but wasn’t really into, that had to count as having something in common, right? He kept silent as he thought about a song he liked and felt that it was comfortable to say.
“You’re weak, John. And you know it, it is rather annoying how you put on a little show for everybody like this.” He snapped and his expression was angry, he hadn’t seen Sherlock like this before.
All morning he sat there, pins and needles making his legs itch since he hadn’t moved yet. Mrs Hudson came knocking on the door. Not here a big commotion like usual, they always did seem to fuss around a lot like children.
Stepping until it was dented beyond repair, the lens popping and crunching under his feet. He didn’t realize how tense his body was until he heard someone clear their throat and he stopped, the small voice came back and he finally heard his hard breathing, his heart still thumping hard.
“Just go to class, Sherlock.” Those words seemed to surprise him and it just confused John, “I see you remembered my name.” He commented and John was left to felt even more confused with him than before. Wasn’t he just having an episode in the stall moments ago? He didn’t care anymore, he was actually glad that he dropped the whole thing.
Sherlock sighed and shook his head, relaxing a bit when he stared at John and Rosamund, “Like I said in the text, Lestrade wanted to check up on us.” He muttered and walked off to the kitchen, “Discuss whatever it is that you need to with John, I’ll be busy in here.” He sighed out, uninterested with whatever he wanted to talk about. Unless it was a case or some clues, he didn’t care. Taking some papers with him to sift through at the counter.
It didn’t take long for him to fall asleep, he let his mind wander a bit longer and it all suddenly took a sharp turn. Heading back the same jaded and dark path it has gone down many times before; therefore, he ignored it. Pushed away all the thoughts as he let his heavy eyelids close, letting the last of his heaviness to escape his mouth and allow him to sink into a deep sleep. Too exhausted to think, to move. Living a double life just added to his stress and exhaustion, he never talks about it because there is nothing to really talk about.
“I’m fine, considering everything that has been happening.” He said as he tried to distract himself from Lestrade and looked through his papers like he was busy. Hoping Lestrade would get the message and just leave.
“John has to take care of Rosamund anyways, really no point in calling him, Mrs.Hudson.” He glanced back at her and wrote down a few more things on sticky notes. “Oh, yes...Rosamund, she’s such a sweet little girl isn’t she?” She said happily and crossed her legs with a smile, “Looks so much like John and Mary, what a precious baby.”
Sherlock’s expression didn’t change but it was softer than before, the late bell rang and John was no longer worried about going to his classes. He stood there, this time it was his turn to let out a heavy sigh, “Achromatopsia...I have Achromatopsia, but...Better know as Monochromacy.” He muttered and clenched his jaw, “This is the only place where I can at least have a part of me be normal.” He said with a slight smile, looking down at Sherlock’s hand that was still on him.
He heads back into his room to get dressed, needing some fresh air to cleanse his system. Slipping on some worn out jeans and striped brown wool jumper, he wasn’t really into fashion, probably because he was worried about matching wrong and looking like an idiot to everybody. And he definitely didn’t want to ask family for help just so he could look ‘cool’, stomping on his dirty red chucks.
Immediately thinking about how Sherlock must’ve viewed him, he snapped out of it, his mind was wandering back to him too much. Perhaps it was because of how nervous he was about Sherlock knowing what he had, that must’ve been it. The only logical reason for his mind to wander to him so much, that had to be what was bothering him.
This whole day was just...Off, worse than usual. But, in a good kind of way? He didn’t know what direction he was going in anymore. What path he was taking because he had strayed away so far from the path he was originally taking.
“What is it?” John dragged out as he sat upright and adjusted his sunglasses on his face, Sherlock didn’t say anything as he went back to his journal and started to write again for a few minutes before it was both time for them to leave.
His mind finally wandered back to what Sherlock said and he knew it was his fault, Sherlock’s good at hiding what he is feeling but the outburst showed how he was feeling. Outcasted. His mind void of the physical pain but now it was emotional, he hated the guilt because he knew it was his fault for the outburst and his fault for the fight.
Right when he thought he saw the back of his head in a distance he felt someone pull his glasses off his face and he quickly looked to his side to see one of the guys his friends hang around. Who, might John add, is a huge prick but he has to be nice. “What the hell?” He huffed and snatched his glasses out of his hands, the guys hair was sticking up with the amount of hair gel he had put in it and was wearing a leather jacket leaving John to wonder what his label was in this school.
