Sherlock thinks of John. He fills his belly during the day and floats under the skies at night, and he drifts homeward toward John in his mind. The John in his mind is the same as the John holding their egg. He is the same John that keeps Sherlock warm, the one who can soothe or rile him, the one who makes him laugh, makes him cry out, the one who calls to him and the one to whom Sherlock calls. Sherlock’s John.
John wiped his fingers on a stack of napkins and picked up the first french fry. He examined it, tipped his head toward Sherlock, and popped it into his mouth. Sherlock steepled his fingers under his lower lip and watched John pick up, inspect, and eat the fries.
Sherlock stops and makes a humming noise as if he’s considering a menu, and he probably is. He’s probably standing in his mind palace in a room called
“What else do we hope is sitting out here on an otherwise interminable flat stretch of wretched ice?”
“Yeah, this is a good place for that. Tell me more. French press? Beehouse drip? The moka pot is really popular. Or maybe an espresso drink, something frothy? And what size? Small perk or large perk?”
Erebus looks at Sherlock for ten or so heartbeats. “I cannot say with any degree of certainty, Sherlock. It was as if the dream was a recollection of things already come to pass.
Sherlock nods. “Sometimes I miss him so much, I want to forget this whole journey, this mission to the High Council. But I know he would be disappointed in me, and that I would regret it. I wish he were here, with me. I’m better with him.”
“I don’t remember much. I know that I’d been sick and that I’d slept most of the day. I was disappointed because John and I had talked about staying up to watch the ball drop in Times Square, but Mom and Dad said I had to stay home and have an early night. I remember Mom coming in to check on me before they left for the party, and kissing me goodnight. She said I had a fever and that she’d have Mrs. Hudson give me something to bring it down.”
“Don't pretend you don't like the barrettes, John,” he whispers into the back of his neck, making the small hairs stand on end. He pushes a hand under John's jumper and skims it over bare skin, quickly finding and flicking a peaking nipple with his thumb.
John walked Sherlock home the long way, stopping now and then to back him into a doorway and snog him senseless. Sherlock kept touching his lips, patting them in confusion, deducing that they must be gone, because he couldn't feel them anymore.
John slid his hands up Sherlock’s back to his shoulders, his thumbs pressing into hard knots on either side of Sherlock’s spine.
Sherlock pointed to the still intact g-string and John growled as he sat up and reached for it. “This fucking thing. I never want to see this g-string again in my life.” He rolled it over Sherlock’s hips, down his thighs and past his knees until Sherlock finally squirmed out of it and tossed it aside.
Sherlock stays awake under the stars while his friends sleep, and he allows his excitement to build and climb, higher and higher, until he imagines he can manipulate it into something substantive, twisting and turning it, bending it, arcing it over the sea, connecting it to Pobeda, like a bridge of promises. He wills John to sense it and understand its significance. I'm coming home, John. Can you feel it? Do you know how close I am now? Are you awake, too, looking up at the stars?
John tried to catch the bartender’s eye, but several minutes later, he still hadn't come over. Sherlock was reluctant to use his tricks again, so he suggested that John try his hand at it.
Sherlock had a plan, but he wanted to run it by Greg before he told John. If Greg said no, he wouldn’t have wasted the time trying to convince John.
Sherlock held his arm out and John pushed past into the small room. Boxes were neatly stacked and labeled along one wall, and in the otherwise empty closet. Computer wires and cables were bound with rubber bands on top of their components, and one last box sat on the desk, office supplies peeking out.
John absentmindedly began stroking his hand up and down Sherlock’s hip while he talked. “Not really. They certainly never talked to us about the birds and the bees or anything. I think there’s just always been this assumption that everyone is like them, straight. They’ve probably never even considered it as a possibility.”
Sherlock kept up a steady stream of commentary as they waited for the elevator, but as soon as they stepped inside, John pushed him up against the mirrored wall and pulled him down into a kiss. Sherlock happily gave up words for John’s tongue, and would’ve kept kissing indefinitely had John not broken away to announce they were at their floor.
No, Sherlock didn’t know what James thought of the situation, but he did know that when he looked back on the first time John Watson made love to him, it would be on his own terms, uncompromised. He would wait.
Tui to find something else that was important. And then you came home and all of a sudden same-peng couples were allowed to bond.
“This, what we have, feels like forever because we’ve known each other for so long, but in reality it’s only been six months and a few days. Being intimate with you, being intimate at all, has been a learning process for me. Well, for both of us, I think.”
In the beginning, whenever he thought about her, he wondered where she may have gone, what she was doing, if she hated herself for what she had done. He never wondered if she missed him, if she loved him, if she would try to contact him. There was no them, there hadn't been since the night she shot Sherlock. But there had been Mary and Hannah, and John couldn't fathom that she could walk away from that.
John seemed to think so, but of course, John had only seen his arms, neck, hands, and feet up until now. Sherlock would have to up the ante when he selected his wedding garments later in the evening. Perhaps he'd only wear the pyjama bottoms and see how John responded to what Sherlock thought of as his scrawny chest. Maybe, he thought, he wasn't so scrawny after all? And, if he had to be completely honest with himself, which he didn't, but was doing anyway, he wanted more of John’s touches to more of his body to test his reactions. Each night so far had left him on the verge of slipping over the edge of his mental control, but so far he hadn't said or done anything completely irresponsible, over-the-line, or damaging.
“You’d put that Lucky Tiger lip balm on your lips and think of me. You’d use that face cream and think of me. You’d shampoo your hair and—”
Behind him, just over the hush of the wind, he thinks he hears the brush of feather against feather, and a sigh.
Kevin took a peek over John and Greg’s shoulders and said, “Oh. And his boyfriend most definitely does not have yellow.”
John shook his head, then nodded, then looked at the floor. “Totally different than kissing. Apples and oranges.”
The image in his hand now is of Hannah and Mrs Hudson, who had been like a grandmother to the girl. Mrs Hudson had passed away shortly after Hannah turned sixteen, and she had taken the loss exceptionally hard. They all had. Truth was, they still missed Mrs Hudson and her constant tea and tutting and storytelling.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in the rearview mirror. “We’re only driving half a mile down an infrequently traveled road, Mrs. Hudson.”
“Mmm, it was really good. Behind you like that? Your legs spread, your arms against the wall? God, Sherlock.”
Sherlock looks, looks down at himself, at his narrow chest, his pale, straight torso, his stockinged legs spread high in the air, his toes pointed. He looks at his cock tapping against his belly with each breath, sticky and shiny with cherry-flavoured lip gloss. He looks up at John, and he sees in John's expression that he is beautiful. He is wanted, just the way he is.
He left John standing next to his pickup in the driveway, arms folded across his chest, hips tilted forward, head down.
Next to him Sherlock sees Erebel begin to tremble again. John pulls them both closer and makes a soft shushing sound.
“You git. It was more than nice.” John went up on his toes and planted a quick kiss on Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock responded with several quick blinks and a step backward.
There was only one thing for it, then, one way to show John that he really was serious about this and that he wouldn’t let himself be ruled out as some sort of cold fish without feelings for some floozy who’d lie down and spread his or her legs for a quick ride. No. He knew what he had to do, and he wanted to do it.
And John smelled. Dear God, John emanated the musk of one hundred farm workers, men who had carried and hauled and slung and stacked all the livelong day under the blaze of a fervid, fiery sun.
They stand together until the High Council has left the way they came, single file, silent. As the last sweep of tail on ice fades from earshot, they turn toward each other. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock sees Terina lead Anahera and Tui back toward the heart of the colony. There will be time for them to talk, later.
He hears the wind. He does not hear water, he does not hear the language of the seals. He hears no thoughts pulsing inside his head but his own.
Maybe John was going to apologise for leading Sherlock on, and withdraw his candidacy. It was the only thing that made sense. He even knew why John was withdrawing his candidacy. It was because of Sherlock’s issues with being touched. It was because he wouldn’t do more than exchange a few mostly-chaste kisses on their last date. He was frigid, and no one wanted a frigid partner.
Also, I am very very super behind in responding to comments, and for this I apologize. The next two weeks of my life involve reindeer dropping presents down my chimney, then flying to the other side of the country to visit my family (me, not the reindeer), then having a birthday (don't ask), then probably falling asleep well before midnight, and then coming home, and I swear, I will do my best to stay on schedule, and to respond to comments, but right now I can't even get off this couch and drag myself to bed, so we'll see what happens.
There was no way out of it. No proper British person, and Sherlock considered himself that at the very least, would refuse a guest, no matter how unwanted, a cup of tea. He stepped closer to the doorway and pressed a discreet button set in the wall, pivoted on his foot, aimed himself at the nearest cluster of olive green velvet couches and chairs, and sat.
John kissed him on the top of his head and lowered himself down. Sherlock guided his legs into place and came up to his knees. He pulled John's hips forward until he was flush with the edge of the mattress. He stroked his inner thighs. John's penis jutted up and away, ivory and taut in the dim light, and his scrotum hung heavy and full between his legs. Below that, below his perineum, John was puckered and pink, and the sight of it Sherlock drew closer and closer until all he had to do was reach out with his tongue and join wet to hot.
Almost everyone is there when they return, but no one is paying attention to them. They’ve gathered around Cetus, who is attending to a prone peng.
Sherlock was already so close and John knew him so well, knew exactly how to stroke, how fast, how hard. He pressed his forehead to John’s and took a deep, shuddering breath.
Erebel has tucked herself headfirst into John’s pouch. She doesn’t exactly fit anymore, so her bottom rests on John’s feet as he waddles through the crowd and back to Sherlock’s side. When they reach him, John leans down and nudges her until she tumbles out and blinks up at them, narrow-eyed and yawning.
“I think potential lovers should know the best, and worst of each other. Don’t you agree?” Sherlock’s voice catches on the last few words.
Sherlock marvels at this side of John, so knowledgeable and competent after his time studying at Cetus’ side. He realizes he is seeing a side of John he hasn't experienced before. He has seen John as a student of the healing sciences, and even as a healer, but now, interacting with Tui, he sees John as the emperor he will become, as one dedicated to the care of others. He is still staring in awe when Tui answers John’s question.
Sherlock stepped back and opened the door as wide as it would go, yawned again and checked his sheet. He closed the door behind John and shuffled into the second parlour, which was more casual and family-friendly than the first parlour. He gestured to the couches and then flopped down on one, taking it up in its entirety.
John had told him, several times, that his worries were unfounded. Actually, John's exact words were that no one was going to give him a second look after he’d decked Laffitte and sent the cops after him.
“Let us keep walking, so that we don’t draw attention to ourselves. There is a patch of sun there, near the shore. We can warm ourselves.”
Sherlock ran his cockhead between John’s cheeks again, stopping over his hole. He wanted it so bad, wanted to push in and watch John swallow him up. They hadn’t talked about it, though, and Sherlock wanted it to happen on his birthday. He wanted to always remember that on the day he turned twenty, he’d made love to John Watson. Still, John was fluttering against him, and it was so easy to lean in, to apply a bit more pressure. John’s body was burning hot here, and Sherlock could feel that greedy hole grabbing at the silky skin on offer.
Tui has talked with Vela and Pavo, plus Janine, Anthea, Irena, and Molling. No one has seen or heard a thing, but they have all promised to spread word of Anahera’s disappearance, and to do what they can to bring her home. Sherlock and John update Tui on their own conversations, and the three of them take some small comfort in knowing that they have done what they can for now.
John stares at Sherlock, stares at him hard, then asks, “Sherlock, who —” but then Cetus is calling for him, shouting.
“Kevin is one of Mrs. Hudson’s nephews. He lives in Chicago, and she thought we should get in touch with him, see if he’ll show us around, I guess. I haven’t called him yet, and we don’t have to call him. She was just trying to be helpful.”
“You ate it all for lunch. There’s still mashed potatoes and green beans, do you want me to warm some up for you?”
“What is this?” he murmured to John, standing next to a table of artfully arranged battery-operated curiosities.
Sherlock sucked his lower lip into his mouth, and John’s gorgeous blues drifted down, tracking the movement.
Sherlock’s brain speeds through various rooms in his ice palace, quickly making connections. He remembers that Ika was Kororā’s half-brother, God of the Seas, born of the star Atutahi and the male god Terra.
Sherlock loved it. He loved it and he wanted more of it, on both nipples, preferably with John’s talented mouth, but John’s words about how he liked it, too, were still ringing in his ears. He brought his hand up from where it was resting on his thigh and lightly brushed over one of John’s nipples. John huffed out a short sound of pleasure as his pec gave an involuntary flex.
“Sherlock. Just. I’m just saying. It’s five o’clock. We have to be back to my parents in an hour. And I know we have time, we have plenty of time, but I don’t want our last time, or maybe our last time, before we go back to school, to be some rushed thing before supper where we’re going to have to act like we didn’t just fuck our brains out.”
Mycroft gives Anahera a side glance, and swallows. “Sherlock, look at yourself. You’re dry. You weren’t in a storm. You’ve been here with us.”
“I appreciate your confidence in me, Pāpā, but even you must admit it is odd for a shell to be void of any markings or colour?”
“It’s so much tighter than your hand or mouth. I mean, of course it is, I just, it’s just so, it’s so …”
“Every night, find the constellation Carina in the sky. Look for the brightest star, all the way at the top. That’s Atutahi.”
John stepped away from the window and trailed his finger down the cover of the album, then looked at Sherlock and smiled.
That next winter Selvic was ready to bond, and the two made plans to elope to a different colony before the migration back to Pobeda, to a place where they hoped they would be accepted. Though his parents had kept a close eye on him during their time at sea, the pair thought it would be fairly easy to slip away under cover of night; by morning, they’d have put a vast expanse of sea between them and their parents, and it would be too late for anyone to intervene.
"Do you believe all that stuff, then, about Death and his iceboat and oars made of Mount Erebus' lava?"
John stopped tickling Sherlock, tilted forward, and used both of his hands to keep Sherlock’s wrists pinned above his head. The weight of John’s body pressing down between his hips was an entirely welcome form of torture.
“Yup. Because, it turns out, I’d been madly in love with him, too, but didn’t know if he’d ever feel the same way, and I finally decided, fuck it, let’s see what happens. So I kissed him, and he kissed me back, and that was that.”
John’s cock jerked and bobbed and dribbled. Sherlock watched as John took himself in hand and began pumping. He listened to John curse and gasp and groan. He rubbed, added another finger, watched as John arched his neck and dug his heels into the bed, and when John's hand faltered and his breath caught, Sherlock let go of his own cock and clamped the base of John's in the tight circle of his finger and thumb. John slumped back onto the bed and shook.
Mycroft took another sip of water and continued. “It may seem premature to have this conversation now, but I’d rather give you plenty of time to consider your options. As you know, the settlement from our parents’ accident was put into trusts for both you and me. You come into your trust one year from today.
John talking to Sherlock’s penis should not have been this arousing. It should have been ridiculous. It was anything but. His cock continued to flood, and his hips gave an involuntary lurch.
Sherlock and John, now five winters old, are the only bonded male couple on Pobeda of which they are aware. They have observed several likely same-peng couples in the younger generations, and are eager to find a solution to their problem, both for themselves, and for those who will come after them.
“What I mean to say is – it occurs to me –” John clenches his fist, rubs it against the side of his thigh. John’s thigh.
“That sounds really good. Let’s go to Chicago. I’ll look into hotels and restaurants, and we can plan the trip when we’re home.”
No one, of course, except Moringa, who finds every reason to linger when she sees the party of four shuffle off for yet another meeting. When she asks them, point blank, what they are talking about, Erebus informs her that they have formed a subcommittee for the evaluation and analysis of trends in the rapidly evolving dynamic of penguin slang amongst the juvenile set.
He sat at the Watson’s dining room table, and was grateful for his life, for his family, for John sitting across from him in a too-tight button down shirt and borrowed tie, looking flush from wine and food and laughing, licking his lips as he stared back at Sherlock.
There was a distant boom and a flash of light, and they all instinctively turned toward the windows. A few blocks north, Navy Pier jutted out more than half-a-mile into the lake, its thousands of lights throwing reflections across the surface of the lake. On a barge off the very tip of the pier, fireworks were being launched. Peonies, roman candles, chrysanthemums with fading tails, weeping willows and horsetails, crossettes and flaring comets; the sky was filled with pyrotechnic celebration.
They finished the entire pan of lasagna, the loaf of garlic bread, and the bottle of wine, then Sherlock went and searched for dessert, and came back with an almost full half-gallon of vanilla ice cream, some walnuts, and chocolate sauce. They ate that out of the carton, then pushed everything out of the way, and stretched out in front of the fire.
“He led a group of new recruits into battle. It’s standard procedure, but they were ambushed by Afghan infantry and all of the recruits died. James was the only one who survived. He’s been hounded by death threats from family members of those who died, and as such has been living the life of a recluse since he came home. From what I hear, he also sustained some disfiguring injuries in the battle.”
John waved Alice over and ordered more tea and some sandwiches to go, and the conversation settled into a discussion of John and James’ mutual military acquaintances, the weather, and the many hiking trails in the area. Sherlock nibbled on his scone and arranged the crumbs on his plate into the shape of a Sig Sauer P226R, half-listening and half-considering how James’ assassin might try to kill him. Poison? Accident? Meat dagger?
A lot of the answers were already in John’s green folder, and Mummy probably assumed that’s where Sherlock was getting the information, but the truth was that Sherlock had taken the file and stuffed it in a desk drawer and not looked at it again, because it was so much better to send John texts, or talk on the phone, or pick his brain in person. Sherlock felt invested in getting to know John in a way he almost never had with anyone else. In his past, it had been easy, and best, to withdraw and not engage with anyone based on his assumption that the other person wouldn’t want to get to know him. Why waste his time? But John Watson was going to marry Sherlock, so he was very sure that John was going to be around long enough to get to know him, and vice versa.
Molling starts porpoising around them, twisting her wings experimentally to see how much lift she can get.
John wriggled his hips and grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s ass. “No, I don’t want you to. I love your bush. It’s thick and curly and your big, white cock looks fantastic against it.”
The trip into town was part tour and part shopping, and in the end, Sherlock felt he knew even more about John. Here's where John’s family bought pork chops and canned beans, milk and cider. Here's where John’s grandparents treated him to ice cream cones when he was little, and here’s where John posted the mail, and here’s where he bought the newspaper. Surprisingly to Sherlock, some of the shopkeepers were the same people, or at least in the same family, and they all greeted John as if they were greeting a long lost friend. John seemed to relish seeing each and every person they came across, and Sherlock came away feeling as if he was gaining a tribe, not just a husband.
Anahera laughs. “Oh, Sherlock. I can clearly imagine that. Is it hard for you now, for such a one-peng emperor to be so well-known? Everyone must want time with you since your return.”
Sherlock went back to stroking John’s knuckles and fingers, and felt John roll onto his side and move closer.
Sherlock let go of John’s hands and took hold of his hips, helping him move as Sherlock thrust in, over and over again. He turned his thoughts toward finding the best angle, pace, and depth for John, never realising that he had no other thoughts at all, nothing intrusive, nothing out of the moment, nothing strange or odd or weird threatening to burst out of his mouth.
“It’s your fault. Can’t help myself.” John grabbed the edge of the bed sheet and swiped at Sherlock's back, then reached around and cleaned off his belly and chest.
“The treasure means nothing to her, my little pengs. Hurting you means much, much more. I am so very sorry that this has happened. My heart breaks that any emperor among us would set such a poor example, but especially one that sits on the Council.”
He has carefully placed memories of his own hatching and reviews them now. He remembers the instant that safe became restrictive, and warm turned to suffocating. He remembers his desperation to stretch into an existence outside of his confinement. He remembers struggling, and cold air, and his father. He remembers Siger.
“This is Sinead O’Connor’s 1990 cover of Cole Porter’s classic, “You Do Something to Me.” She did it as a part of a fundraiser album for AIDS, and I’ve always had a fondness for it.”
John holds out his hand, palm up, and Sherlock opens and closes his mouth several times, before finally saying, “This was stupid. Never mind. I’ll –”
Telling John he was being ridiculous and that staring at him sounded boring was futile, so Sherlock sighed and said, “Fine. You stare. I’ll talk. What do you think your dad wants to talk about tonight, regarding the farm? I take it you told him about the conversation we had with Mycroft? Which is fine, by the way.”
The VFW stands for Veterans of the Foreign Wars. They work to rehab vets and provide assistance to the families of deceased vets. They have Posts all over the country, and when I was a little girl, my mother's father, who served in France and Africa in WWII, would go up the street from our house to hang out with other vets, to attend organized events, etc. We went to a Christmas party there once, and I won a bottle of dishwashing soap in the raffle.
Sherlock gazes around the colony as if he might see Anthea lingering nearby. "She has waited all this time, hasn’t she?"
They are taught to accept love in its many forms, to care for each other's young as if they were their own, and, in some cases, to help other pengs have their own young.
Back on flat ground Sherlock is dragging out his goodbye, sure that life will cease and desist until they are together again. He is dawdling in circles around John, who is scanning the crowded plain for his family. Sherlock knows exactly in which direction John needs to move, but doesn't let on, enjoying the confused look on his friend's face.
Around him Mrs. Hudson hustled and bustled, drying what he washed on a dishtowel with faded honey bees scattered around the edges. She chattered away, mostly about small town gossip, and when everything was back in its place, she grabbed a lemon bundt cake from the fridge, slipped into her coat, and told Sherlock not to wait up for her.
Soon, he will wake John so they can return to the huddle and get a proper night's sleep, but first, he snuggles up closer, gathering John as close as he can, and he whispers, “I love you,
“Since we first met, Sherlock, since the very beginning, you’ve been telling me that you prioritize the work above all else, that you have no need for more intimate relationships. So, I’ve waited. I’ve waited for the better part of twenty years, Sherlock. I’ve tried to not wait, believe me, I have. But I thought, maybe, after the work, you would reconsider. Me.”
John moaned, but lowered himself to sitting, then sighed when Sherlock sat next to him, wrapped an arm around his chest, and pressed the cool, damp cloth to the back of his neck. John relaxed into the warmth of Sherlock's hold. "S'nice."
In the bedroom, he undressed and gathered together a small pile of clothes that needed to be laundered, placed those in the hamper in the bathroom, and considered what to wear to bed. He had packed a pair of pyjama pants and some faded cotton t-shirts, but thought about John sleeping shirtless and decided to do the same.
Once the helicopter had landed and they climbed out, Sherlock calmly shrugged the safety harness off his shoulders and let it fall to the ground, shaking the post-sex tangle of his hair out of his eyes.
Sherlock stopped nibbling on John’s earlobe long enough to say, “We will figure it out. However, Annette has a cousin on the local police force. I’d be most comfortable going to her if we must.”
“You’re still wearing your pyjamas. You drove an hour-and-a-half on a Saturday morning in your pyjamas.
To the right was a hallway with two closed doors on the left side – bathroom, closet – and at the far end, open double doors lead to the master suite. Sherlock could see the lights of the city start where the bedroom floor stopped.
Sherlock didn't let go until John's breathing eased and the tension had slipped from his body. “Oh, Watson, you didn't think I was going to let you come so soon, did you?”
Sherlock snapped his attention back to John and realized they were now standing outside of The Willows.
“His ego is even bigger than I thought, so I apologized profusely for punching him and said I’d been really drunk last night, and was trying to hook up with my date. I tried to act like his odds of scoring were high, but didn’t want to come right out and say that.
When John was done Sherlock took the soap and tried to return the favor, but John said he'd already washed and reached to turn off the water. Sherlock stopped him and wrapped his arms around John, and they stood in the jet of water and rocked, John's forehead tilted down against Sherlock's shoulder, Sherlock's chin at John's temple. With John in his arms, he could face anything. Anything except letting go.
Sherlock is eager to get down to business. He has already shared farewells with Siger and Olive, and Mycroft is staying berg-side, to fulfil his duties to the Junior Council, and his newly assigned apprentice, Anthea. Sherlock steals a look at them now, standing off to the side.
John pushed in as far as he could, and twisted. Sherlock writhed underneath him, let his legs fall open, bit his lip.
“When we were able, we pulled away, just enough to look at each other. We studied each other, all the small changes, all the things that were exactly the same. He had a very distinctive marking on his right side, where black meets white, above the wing. I had thought of it so many times. I imagined it, the way it looked, and all the times I had traced it with my wing, and my bill. And it was there, the same, exactly the same. And then reality rushed in, and I understood, completely, that it was him, it was my Selvic. It was really him.
They didn’t turn the lights on in the bedroom either but left the curtains open. They undressed facing each other, slowly, two people who were beginning to feel they might actually have all the time in the world, if not this month, if not next month, then maybe next year. Down to their briefs, John stepped into Sherlock’s space and put his hands on his hips.
Angelina arrives just then with a platter of bite-size desserts and a french press of coffee, and begins piling empty dishes in the crook of her arm. “What happened to the lovemaking? You two made me blush the last time I looked over here. Now, so serious. Who died?”
Sherlock loosened his grip on John’s jacket, but didn’t let go. He rubbed his thumbs back and forth over the teeth of the zipper, slipped his hands in the pockets, stroked the leather sleeves.
“Nice to know.” John pulled Sherlock closer and Sherlock lost his rhythm for a moment, adrenaline coursing through his body. John pressed up tight, chest-belly-hips-and-thighs, and it was almost more than Sherlock could process. John smelled divine, felt divine, looked divine, and Sherlock was with him, at the centre of his life with him, silently screaming at his brain to please, please, please keep his feet moving. Then John rested his head against Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock felt John’s hair tickle his cheek and neck, and everything, including his feet, came to a stop.
“Good. And the rest of the world can just mind their own damn business as far as I'm concerned. Be careful, though. We don’t exactly live in a hot seat of liberalism and open-mindedness.
“Yeah, I know. Me too.” John put the truck in park in front of Sherlock’s house and turned off the ignition. They sat there, thigh-to-thigh, and stared out the windshield at the gray cloud cover. John held his hand out, palm up, and Sherlock laid his own over it and squeezed tight. “Let’s go in.”
Sherlock keeps calling, and they come. He calls for John while they approach, not because he has to anymore, but because he will always call for John.
They took their seats along the green leather banquettes, Sherlock with his back to the wall and a view of the rain-slick cobblestone street, John with his back to the window, their knees and feet bumping under the table as they shifted about and settled in. Sherlock wondered if he should’ve made that comment about how tactile John was. Even though he’d quickly clarified that he didn’t mind how often John touched him, John seemed to have become self-conscious about the habit and hadn’t done it as much since. And that, he thought, was a damn shame. Sherlock nudged his knee against John’s under the table, just to let him know that he truly didn’t mind. John didn’t move his knee away, and Sherlock’s thigh began to tingle.
John pressed his face against the side of Sherlock’s neck and sucked in a deep breath. “That feels fantastic. I’m not going to last very long.”
"John. This is silly. You only just got back from your feed and we’re standing here pengsitting our pengsitters. No harm has ever come to one of their charges."
John’s eyes go big and round as a startled pufferfish. His bill drops open. His left wing flutters. “Oh. My. Gods. She’s coming! She’s coming! Oh, my gods! What do we ‒ how should we ‒ are you ‒ what if ‒ who ‒”
“No one. They're expecting me tomorrow around noon. I came in the back way and parked behind the barn, just in case.”
“Chemistry. You love chemistry. And indices. You could publish a journal of all your different indices. Ash, soil, brick, grass –”
“Kind of weird,” John said, staring at the photo, “that my mom let me practically kill myself every moment of every summer day, but is scared for me now because I’m in love with a man.”
Sherlock bit his lip and looked down into the cup of ice and soda in his hand. He wasn’t proud of that year, but he loved that John was telling ‘their story,’ and was doing so with affection in his voice, and a smile on his face.
“DARPA, John. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, and need I remind you we got to create our own virtual robot?”
Sherlock picked up his violin and plucked at the strings, letting the weight of it in his hands settle and soothe his feelings about nights not spent together and the absurdity of wedding traditions.
So many thanks to KarlyAnne for beta-ing this chapter into shape, and putting up with me when I changed half a dozen things at the 11th hour. My goal here is to post this without changing anything else, because mistake happens when I do that. ;) And if mistakes do happen, they are truly mine.
“I guess you could say that, yes.” Sherlock ducked his head down and inspected the pattern of the Persian carpet.
“So, then I had a real glow-fish moment, John, and I realized the star on the tooth was a clue, and so of course then it was completely
Rosie loves 221b. She squeals whenever they arrive, and she cries whenever they leave. She clings to Sherlock’s leg when he’s standing, and to his neck when he’s sitting, and she pats his curls and his cheeks and says, “Shuh-la, Shuh-la.” She shares her lovey with him, a tattered and grimy bumblebee with one wing missing. Sherlock holds it and makes it fly and says, “Bum-ble-bee, bum-ble-bee,” and Rosie stares at him with huge eyes and says, “Buh-buh-bee, buh-buh-bee.”
He is true to his word. They dive below again, and now Sherlock observes how others in the pack behave. The older birds stay at the perimeter, and take turns at the front, flank, and rear positions. This leaves the juveniles at the centre, swimming in a virtual bubble of protection. Even the juveniles, however, are alert to their surroundings. They dive and surface in formation, but several pengs stay under when the rest of the pack is up, and several stay up when the others are under. There is never a time when every angle of visibility is not scrutinized.
Sherlock’s penis finished hardening in John’s hand. Without a word, he sat up, pivoted on his hip, and lay down again, his head at John’s groin, his upper leg bent at the knee for balance.
“Look at you. Look at your ass.” John laid a hand over the outermost curve of the cheek closest to the mirror. “It’s goddamn perfect. A lot of guys have no butt at all, or a saggy butt, but yours is like a perfect semi-circle, with the apex right in the middle.”
Sherlock looks at Erebus, who stands silent in his place among the row of Council members. He imagines Selvic there, too, standing next to his beloved. Sherlock thinks that Erebus must be imagining the exact same thing. Perhaps, for him, it is even more than imagination that brings Selvic to his side.
“Anyway,” John tried again. “We just saw the two of you three days ago, which would also happen to be the night you met.”
Confirmation comes that afternoon, by way of a visit from Terina. The High Council will see them first thing the morning of the next day. Terina gives explicit instructions on where to meet, explains who will be there, and what they can expect.
"Let's get on with this, shall we?" Moringa resumes walking away from the group, and slowly, one by one, the others follow. Sherlock and John take up next to their friends, and fall into step behind the elders.
“We've never spent the night in the same bed,” he whispered, watching as John stepped out of one leg, then the other.
Sherlock set his Scotch down on the coffee table in front of them and turned toward John. He swallowed, audibly, and he saw John glance down at his Adam’s apple. John’s eyes stayed there and Sherlock involuntarily swallowed again. Slowly, as slowly as he could without spooking John or talking himself out of it, Sherlock reached forward with his right hand, curled and uncurled his fingers, and then lowered that hand onto John’s left knee.
He held the tube to his nose and took a deep breath. Fragrant, like candy floss and gummy fish. He dipped the tip of his pinkie finger in, then dabbed a drop on his tongue. Sweet, not at all unpleasant, with undertones of bubblegum and toffee. Passable, especially for someone who tended to eat with the indiscriminate tastes of a human trash can.
Sherlock took a deep breath and began again. He rode John, hard, aware only of the bliss spreading through his perineum and balls and cock, up into his belly, binding him round and round in pleasure. Sweat ran down his neck, between his shoulder blades, dripped off the tip of his nose.
John disappeared into the bathroom and closed the door when they reached the bedroom, so Sherlock crawled to the middle of the bed and lay on his back with his hands folded on his belly. He listened to the sounds of running water, the rustle of his hair against the pillow, his own breathing. He watched the rise and fall of his abdomen under his penis, still hard, curved just ever so subtly away from his body. He thought about touching himself, maybe just a stroke or two, then reprimanded himself. Wait. Wait for John. Give him everything, give him the start, the middle, the end.
Sherlock sighs and looks up to the bright blue of the skies above them. A flock of terns is passing overhead, twisting and turning in sharp, precise formation, and he calls it out to John. John spares a breath from his rocks to watch them pass, and Sherlock stares at his lilac underbill markings again. Gorgeous.
Closing the door softly behind him, Sherlock made his way to the bed and lay down on top of the covers. He pulled a pillow to his chest and wrapped his arms around it. He felt his anger in the pounding of his heart and the tightness of his throat. The g-string was an irritant now, no longer arousing. It dug into his skin and chafed against delicate places. He tugged the robe closer around his legs and tamped down the desire to yell obscenities out loud, to smash something, to tear at his hair.
Sherlock has a hard time assimilating what he hears to his own experiences. He drifts in and out of Janine’s world, reliving his journey with Mycroft, his presentation to the High Council, and his trek across the Shelf to find what the tooth had been pointing to all along.
“I was just realising that I might not have a complete picture of all the various ways we could be together, sexually. I don’t know what I don’t know. I don’t like not knowing.”
Siger bows to them, and they return the gesture. Wasting not another second on pleasantries, Siger turns to Erebus, the most senior among them, and asks, “What is it? What has happened?”
“And you know that I do care, right? And it’s not just you. We’ve gone ‘round and ‘round about this. She accepts us, which means we can be ourselves in front of her without her starting a scene, or, I don’t know. Something not good.”
There was a portable coat rack set up outside Kevin’s door, with boots piled up underneath and spilling onto a plastic carpet protector. They tucked their hats, gloves, and scarves down their coat sleeves, shoved their gear into the packed rack, and lined their boots up along the wall.
But that life had disappeared in the blink of a young child’s eye, and maybe if he’d known it was a possibility, he thought now, maybe if he’d had any idea that the sky could simply open up and suck your moorings right up and out, he’d be different now. Because now, he understood, his life was a broader patch of earth, but the straight line to John Watson was pocked with warning signs that the universe might do the exact same thing. He might blink his eyes and lose John.
Sherlock was seeing the veterinarian off when his phone pinged. He waited until she’d pulled down the drive and turned left onto CR-18, before fishing it out of his back pocket.
Sherlock undoubtedly blushed again, only this time John could probably see the blotches of his embarrassment on his chest as well as his face. At this rate, following John's logic, Sherlock would be naked in three more nights. He knew himself well enough to know, however, that the current trajectory of eliminating one garment per night might not hold. Instead of confirming John's statement, Sherlock slid into bed and started thumbing through a Scotland tourism magazine he'd picked up at the shops earlier that day.
Sherlock keeps his eyes on their little friends as they run-waddle ahead of them. Sherlock only did what he had to do. John only did what he had to do. Maybe they are both heroes. Maybe neither of them are. Maybe you are a hero if you do what you have to do. Sherlock isn’t sure, but it doesn’t matter, because Ariki and Kahu have decided for them.
Mycroft’s was years ago, she said with a flap of her hand, and she hadn’t been allowed to help at all, despite her repeated offers, then requests, then dramatic pleas to be involved in planning that wedding. She still held a grudge against Mycroft’s mother-in-law, and seeing as how John had no mother to help him, she was thrilled to go double-duty and plan the entire event.
Before them stood a round table with a towering display of Lucky Tiger products for men. Sherlock had missed it while focusing on the counter displays, but he honed in now, scanning the table for possibilities.
“She's not like me, John. She's like you. I was never the strong one. I may have lived alone for a long time, but that wasn't about strength. You have dealt with so much more than I, always coming out the other end even more resilient.”
John was fired up, fists clenched, red in the face, breathing hard. He was kicking the Ford’s Goodyear tires with a rage that was doing things to Sherlock’s libido.
It’s not that he hadn’t thought about John Watson. It’s that he never stopped thinking about John Watson.
Sherlock’s heart sinks. Whether or not Erebus sees Selvic, he believes he does, and that can mean only one thing. He lowers himself until he, too, is eye level with the egg.
“I told you I would introduce you to my mother and my aunt, and I will. Let’s go now, and see if we can’t put things in motion. Shall we?”
“And how are you going to do that?” Sherlock tried to raise his hips so John could wrap his hands around Sherlock's now alert penis, but John held him down.
"She said that back then, ages and ages ago, we had longer, broader wings. When we were first grounded many of us died, because we couldn't fly away when winter came. And not just emperors. Vela and the other knowledge keepers think that there were types of penguins then that don't even exist now, because they couldn't adapt to the change."
Sherlock flicked his thumbnail over the same spot again and again, working the hairs against their natural direction. Above him, John took a deep breath.
“Okay. So that gives us about an hour and a half to get back to the hotel, shower,” and here John winked suggestively, “get dressed, and get to Sidetrack ahead of Laffitte. And what’s Greg’s friend’s name? The cop?”
Sarah smiled and handed Mrs. Watson a small gift bag. “I’d love to sit in your kitchen, Mrs. Watson. It’s so cheerful, with all these cherries on everything.” She pulled out a kitchen chair and sat down before anything more could be said.
Sherlock switched sides and massaged John’s good shoulder for a few minutes, then made his way down John’s spine with softer, circular movements. He shifted down a few inches to get to John’s lower back, causing his erection to slide against the crack of John’s pants-covered arse. Sherlock shuddered but didn’t stop the massage. He watched his long fingers and hands glide over the smooth skin and firm muscles of his husband’s back, noticing small freckles and moles scattered here and there. He looked at John’s profile where his face rested on a pillow, at the small smile on his face and the hair tucked behind the top of his ear. He took in the calm, sensual moment and compared it to the slow build of arousal between his legs and the charge of overwrought emotions from the night before.
Everyone falls quiet. Molling and Lestra are staring above Sherlock’s head and shuffling back and forth on their feet.
John shook his head and took another bite of pizza. “That was two hours ago, Sherlock. Why aren't you starving?”
John pulled back and blew, and Sherlock's nipple shivered and shrunk, and his penis, outraged at the lack of attention, jolted and bobbed against his belly. John switched over to the other side, causing Sherlock's legs, which had already taken sides with his hips and penis, to lift themselves, spread wide, and wrap themselves around John's waist. His penis probably thought that this would increase the likelihood of making contact with John, but John refused to be pulled down, and instead slid lower, kissing his way down Sherlock's chest and belly.
John took him to a small wine bar a few blocks away, and they chatted as they walked, everything open and easy between them. He greeted the hostess by name as they entered, and she happily led them to a small round table in a patch of late evening sunlight at the front windows. John pulled Sherlock's chair out for him and waited for him to sit before he sat himself. Sherlock observed the way John ignored the menu, only asking about the daily specials, and how friendly the waitress was with him. They ordered two flights of Argentinian reds, in tribute to their tango, and an appetizer.
“Damn right. I’m quite looking forward to it. And, I would like it very much if you’d attend with me.”
“I think so. We’ve seen a lot, done a lot. Some important stuff happened, too, you know? That stuff with that asshole doctor, and seeing Mycroft again, celebrating your birthday, and what we did last night.”
“Wait,” Sherlock gasped, sweat dripping between his shoulder blades, down his chest, off the tip of his nose.
“How did she do it?” Sherlock murmurs into Janine’s ear. Janine jumps half her height in the air and squeaks.
“You’re not going to be able to avoid that for much longer, you know. Now that the legislation has passed, you’ll be required to marry,” Sherlock reminded him.
John's thighs are beginning to tremble from holding this position, and if he pushes back any farther he'll lose his balance and fall back into Sherlock, sending them both down the stairs. “Please,” he begs, “please, Sherlock.”
They go back without words, each contemplating the day behind them, and the days to come. Ahead of them, pengs are gathering together and closing down the edges of the colony. Couples call to each other, small groups congregate, then join other small groups, everyone moving toward sleep.
Sherlock slurped fast and hard, not wasting time on delicate tongue manoeuvres or frenulum play. The phone had been knocked out of his hand and was now well within reach of John, should he think to look six inches to his left. But John wasn't really thinking at all now, was he? No. He was not.
John pulled him closer and rested his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders. “Maybe the security footage will show something.”
“Well then, any other questions about my infancy or toddlerhood that Mummy can ever-so-obligingly answer for you?”
Lestra nods. "Yeah, okay. Just one more thing. If I can help you guys in any way, with the peng law or colony rules, let me know. John's a good friend, and so, I guess, by extension, you know ..."
“They are precious, aren’t they? And apparently the same the continent over, so curious, so excitable! You and John seem to spend a lot of time pengsitting. Do you enjoy spending time with the wee ones?”
The sight of John’s shoulder and bicep jerking up and down centred his thoughts, and he slid his hand between them and took John in hand. The heavy solidity of John combined with the pleasure they were giving each other was enough to silence the distracting thoughts and voices in his head. Touching John grounded him.
John was trying to talk and it was getting in the way of Sherlock’s plan, which was to kiss John insensate. He would usually be a big fan of talking, as it was an activity he himself engaged in frequently, but there was a time for talk, and there was a time to kiss, and John seemed confused about what time it was at the moment.
Once again, John surprises him. He gives him more, much more, but not with his mouth. Sherlock feels the round glass tube smearing liquid around his anus, over and over again, and when he is thoroughly coated John nudges just the tip of the vial into him, twisting it around in teasing circles.
“I find myself growing bored with corn futures, to be honest. I’ve several other investment opportunities that I wish to pursue. If you decide you want to keep the farm, I would ask that you buy my share. You would have to access some of your trust to do that, and depending on the farm’s financial state going forward, you might need to use it at times to invest in capital projects and the like.”
Accepting the congratulations is easy. Explaining the circumstances of their egg is not. They tell the story that they know: after working so long for the right to bond, and after helping so many other couples find ways to have their own hatchling, they had begun to doubt they'd ever have one of their own. They explain that they had been on the verge of a possible solution when Anahera had come up with one of her own, and disappeared.
Sherlock was shivering. How long had he been lost inside his own head? Long enough that the tips of his hair were dry and the steam had all but disappeared from the mirror. He tucked away his anticipation for later that night, finished with his toiletries, and went to get dressed.
John stroked Sherlock’s thigh absentmindedly. “Okay. Just, try to not be so goddamn sexy all the time, okay?”
“I am very well, thank you for asking Elder Erebus! How are you? Can I get you anything? Some snow?”
Sherlock smiled and grabbed an apple out of the bowl on his coffee table. “You know lots of stuff I don't know.”
“I think they're the same, for now. As soon as we left, after Thanksgiving, she called some handyman she found on the Mega Foods bulletin board, and he and his son have been working around the clock on the family room, and master bedroom.”
Sherlock watches John bite his lip as he lifts his eyebrows and gives just the lightest shoulder shrug and tilt of his head.
“I think I’ll get the ‘She Doesn't Even Go Here,’ John said as the man in question appeared at their table. Sherlock wondered if he’d have to flirt to get them cocktails. He wondered if John would leap over the table and throttle the poor man to death if he did. He was still musing the advantages of keeping John out of jail versus a birthday cocktail when their server started talking and beat Sherlock to it.
John nodded. He moved his free arm out from under his forehead and gripped the edge of the mattress. “Anything. Please, more.”
When I got my 10,000th comment here on AO3 I told girlwhowearsglasses, who happened to make that comment, that I would write a ficlet for her. She said she was interested an clarinets and canoes. This is for her.
“You, Moringa, will remain under colony arrest until Mycroft and Sherlock return with word from the High Council.
The chick laughs and says, “Do we know each other? You look familiar,” and Sherlock feels himself relax into a smile and says, “I saw you at the equinox conference, the night Vela told the story about Pono’s heartstone.”
“You need to stop that, okay? I’m not going anywhere. You think because we’re young, and haven’t been with anyone else, and are just starting out in life, that I’m going to realize there’s more out there than just you, right? You think I’m going to open my eyes one day and realize that there are all these other people out there, that I’ll want to experience more, see if there’s someone better. Fuck that. I am not interested in different, or other, or better. I’m interested in you. I love you. What kind of completely fucked up idiot would I have to be to give you up for something else? To give you up at all?
They sat there and stared at each other, and sooner than should’ve been possible, Paul was back with their cocktails. John shook his head half a centimeter, side to side.
One late night, a dozen days into their journey, Sherlock miscalculates the anticipated degrees of the sun, which causes a gross extrapolation of the curve of the earth, and a frighteningly large number of minimum days of separation. Muttering fractions and equations to himself, Sherlock freezes mid-number, gasps, and shudders.
“Christ, you scared me,” John said, breathless and trying to laugh it off. “Where did you even come from?”
“The idea is that you wear whichever of these you want, and I cannot touch anything covered. See? You set the pace, you do what feels best to you, and we don’t even have to talk about it. You’ll never have to tell me that something is too much, or that you aren’t okay with what we’re doing. You come to bed dressed however you want and I respect those boundaries. You can come to bed in all of it if you want. Whatever you want.”
Sherlock strokes himself, leisurely, wanting to take his time and put himself into John’s story. John’s words strike him as familiar, although he’s sure John hasn’t told him this particular fantasy before.
Imi tucks the photo back in the box and says, “I know, Granddad,” before turning to the handful of photos on the table in front of her.
“Oh, of course not, sir. I’m sure he’d be delighted to hear from you directly. He’s waiting right over there.”
I've used another Polynesian language for the language of the seals: Samoan. I decided to translate it in the chapter, both because it works with the way Sherlock is processing it, and because I didn't want to make readers try to understand so much dialogue through context alone.
“Fine. I’m fine. But if we go back to Kevin’s now, and stay through midnight, we’ll never get a cab back to the hotel. The roads will be crazy.”
"No, but I can certainly fault them for that horrible underwing pass. I’ll have to redo everything they’ve taught her."
“I do. I was very curious about you. And then when I met you again, skipping stones on the water, I very much wanted to make a favourable impression. I wanted you to like me.”
John crawls into bed and lies on his side, facing Sherlock, who is facing away. He knows Sherlock is awake. He considers settling his hand on Sherlock’s waist, but doesn’t. Instead, he says, “Hey.”
Tiny Bat John, as Sherlock was coming to think of him, stormed up Sherlock's leg, raised one minuscule fist in admonition, and began to sink down between Sherlock's thighs, pulling the sheet into a rather cosy looking hammock. Cosy turned intimate, and then intimate turned wonderfully alarming. Tiny Bat John was attempting to pull, kick, or perhaps fly out of the 900-thread-count-quicksand, and Sherlock's left testicle was receiving more attention than it had received in the last several years.
He tossed his suitcase on the bed in the new bedroom and unzipped it, then spent a few minutes moving stacks of shirts and jeans and underwear from there, to the empty drawers of the dresser. He hung the one pair of slacks he’d brought with him in the closet, along with his better button-downs. Those were for Chicago.
“Who’s? Bea’s?” John asked, agog, immensely impressed with this feat. Sherlock nodded, his eyes bright. “Seriously?”
“Depending on how long it takes Sherlock and Mycroft to reach the High Council, and conduct their business, you should be reunited shortly after we reach Pobeda.”
With still damp hair, Sherlock left the bathroom and stepped into the bedroom. He went to the armoire, opened the doors, and lifted the lid off the box of wedding garments. There at the bottom was the g-string. He held it out in front of him and marvelled at its design, barely a scrap to hold him in front, and a delicate thread of fabric to nestle between his cheeks and keep his arse bare. He felt himself thicken just looking at it.
"Body warmth, John, body warmth," Sherlock says, tugging John back against him. In front of them, Erebus is finishing his introduction and Mycroft is waddling to the front of the council. The audience hushes and Mycroft clears his throat.
Sherlock rolled to his side and peered at John, still asleep in the dark. He shuffled closer and pressed his face between John’s shoulder blades, breathed him in. Sherlock’s cock throbbed. He pressed down on it with the flat of his hand. His body felt flushed, sweaty, like he’d run a race to be here at John’s side. He rested one hand on John’s hip and gave him a gentle squeeze. He could feel the dip of John’s groin under his fingers. God, how he wanted to reach down just that little bit more and take John in his hand. To learn him, to know him the way John had known Sherlock in the dream.
“Oliver Greenwald, have you heard of him, Sherlock? No? How about Thomas Putternan? His father was at Oxford with Daddy. No? Sheldon Longchamp? Surely you’ve heard of him? Well then, I expect you to look at these and let me know by tomorrow teatime to which I should extend an invitation.”
“There’s an Italian restaurant near here. Quite good. And open til all hours. You said dinner, sometime, but I’m not tired either and—“
Selvic, Erebus reminisces, was smart and funny and kind and caring. "He was handsome, so very handsome," he whispers into the air above Sherlock’s head, a faraway look in his eyes.
“Well, it can be intimate, if you’re with someone you care about. But what if it’s not about the money. What if you’re single and you just want to get laid? You hook up with someone for the night, have a good time, and leave. That’s not really giving part of yourself away, is it? Is that really more than getting, or giving, a massage?”
Meanwhile, John, too, was cleaning up his processes and testing the parameters of follower gathering. Unsurprisingly, he learned that he gained quite a few followers when he posted about Sherlock, but even more when he posted about him and Sherlock doing things together (a post about how annoying Sherlock was when they went to Tesco got over three-hundred notes and resulted in sixteen new followers), and the most when he posted pictures of hedgehogs. John didn’t have high standards. He could post hedgehogs all day long.
,” John said, and Sherlock stopped thinking about books and ancient customs and started thinking about John’s tongue and mouth making those rugged, sexy sounds, and then the meaning of the words themselves. Granted, his self-instructed speed course in Scots Gaelic had been fast and furious, but he was pretty sure he got the gist of it.
The significance of John’s explanation rendered Sherlock speechless, thoughtless. At some point his lungs demanded air, and his body’s systems came back online, and he blinked. His eyes were wet again.
Sherlock would’ve been able to deduce that John wanted to be a doctor even if his relationship with his sister was all he ever knew about the man; watching beloved grandparents pass away and caring for an alcoholic sister tended to create a need to help in men like John. What intrigued Sherlock, however, was that John had wanted to be a doctor in the army.
Sherlock asked questions about the ranch, but John was shortcoming with answers, wanting Sherlock to have no preconceived notions. All he would say was that it had fallen into a bit of disuse over the years and that it needed some work. Sherlock deduced what he could from comments John had made in the past few months. John's family had been quite well off until only two generations ago. They’d been cattle breeders before that, hearty people living close to the land, keeping to themselves with little regard for strangers.
Olive's concern that the seal population will soon overtake the pengs is completely my own creation and not an actual environmental issue. Under normal circumstances, a balance is maintained between penguin and leopard seal populations, so that those populations remain steady. There is concern, however, that warmer temperatures are reducing the ice masses in the Antarctic, and scientists are concerned about the effect this will have on all peng populations.
“Why have you stopped? How far past the ice hill had you gone before Anahera pointed out the dead tern?”
Sherlock met the truck in front of the house, then crowded against the door before John could open it, then stepped back to let him out, then stepped forward again to wrap himself around John and plant his face against his neck. He inhaled John’s scent, and squeezed him tight, and felt John hug him back, hard.
Sherlock can tell that John is trying not to laugh. This business of charging a seal is not funny in the least, but Tui is alive, and Sherlock is calling that seal a piece of poo, and now Anahera is laughing so hard she can barely stand.
. And you remember that James had left some Agency folders here, potential candidates that he’d never processed? It was something Annette said, actually, about how she’d probably end up killing anyone she was forced to marry. When you were, I mean, when I was, when I was … extremely aroused, I remembered that one of James’ candidates has a deceased brother.
On the fifth day home, John and Sherlock drove into town, parked near Town Hall, and had lunch with Sarah. She had picked the same small café that John had taken his mother to when he'd been home for Thanksgiving. On the short drive into town, John relayed that his mother had brightened at the news that he was having lunch with Sarah, then soured again when he told her that Sherlock was joining them.
Imi preens for them, turning this way and that as she fluffs the tutu, her pert chin lifted high. “No special reason, I just like getting dressed up for dinner. You don't have to, though, I don't mind.”
“Alright, smartypants, don’t go getting too excited. We’ll see, okay? But God, you’re so smart. I’ve told you before how sexy it is, haven’t I?”
John ran a hand over his chest and then down to touch Sherlock’s face. He took a deep breath. “You’re going to kill me. You’re going to fucking kill me, but I won’t let you hurt yourself in the process. Scooch.”
John keeps kissing him, keeps Sherlock from looking, so he's not expecting it when he feels something hard and cold replace John's hand. John grins into the kiss, and Sherlock feels the smooth tip of the lip gloss glide up his cock and around the head. John pulls back and quirks an eyebrow in question, and Sherlock whispers, “Cherry flavoured.”
“Shut up. It’s a fifth edition System Anatomy, both volumes, Sherlock. Does it have the fold out chart of the aorta? Oh God, it does.” John stared at the illustration in front of him, then gingerly folded it back into the book, set both volumes in front of him, and looked up.
Sherlock has no idea what to say. Parts of it are awful, but it’s also a fascinating story, and an important one to penguins everywhere. John joins Sherlock at Erebel’s height and runs his wing over her back.
John’s armpit. John’s armpit was a straight shot up John’s arm, past that strong wrist, that lovely rounded forearm, that pale inner elbow. Just above the dual power of John’s flexing bicep and tricep, just there, was John’s armpit, with its nest of soft golden hair, capped by the join of his beautiful pectoral and deltoid.
John explained, half-amused, half-exasperated, that without his grandparents’ financial rock to depend on, John hadn’t been able to afford medical school. The army had offered him education and training in exchange for service, and a deal was made in which everyone benefited.
She patted his hand and stood up again. She was opening the fridge and pulling out eggs when he heard the bathroom door close upstairs.
“I'm serious. You're on the inside tonight.” John makes another ludicrous sound, this one more like a wheeze than a gasp.
John kept his hands on Sherlock’s hips, letting his erection bob in the empty air above his face. Sherlock rocked in small circles until he brushed against John’s lips, then pressed down. “Please. Please, open your mouth.”
John moves around to face Sherlock again, and although Sherlock misses the warmth of him against his back, he is distracted by the sad look on John's face.
“But how will we know if it's real or not? Everyone will think it’s proof that the legend is real, and Sherlock said he isn't sure if he believes in any of it!”
Later, as John helps him unravel the seaweed again, and lay the heartstone at the Council's feet, he looks up to see Erebus wipe a tear from his eye. He can see that they are all impressed, like John said, but Erebus is truly moved by what is presented before him. The others will rely on their intellect when they confer and plan over the heartstone, but Erebus will rely on his heart.
“How long have you known her?” Sherlock figured it was a safe enough question given the nature of the conversation they were having, but he secretly hoped John’s answer would indicate a very short acquaintanceship.
The house was quiet, but filled with the smells of bacon, coffee, and something baking. He rounded the corner into the kitchen, and there she was, sitting at the head of the old farmhouse table, purple reading glasses perched on the end of her nose, folded newspaper held in one hand.
Sherlock studied John’s face and pressed his lips to his forehead. “I like that you’re so sure of me. That you bring so much energy to everything we do. You’re strong-willed and you don’t easily give up. You value where you come from and are grateful for what you have. You have a generous spirit.”
“I didn’t know whether or not you would care. I only knew that you shouldn’t care, and that if you did, it was your problem, not mine.”
Sherlock stares at John’s bill, because this might be the most breathtaking change that John has undergone. Sherlock is used to seeing black and white and orange. Most emperors have orange stripes on their underbills. Some have pink. Some have a bit of both. But John – John’s bill is as rare and unique as he is, because John’s bill is striped with lavender. Sherlock stares. He lifts his wing and runs the tip down the side of John’s bill, tilts it up, to the side, brushes his wing back down the other side.
“I heard you coming,” she said, reaching into the back of the truck and lugging John’s duffel bag out before he’d even stepped down into the driveway.
John made a rather sexy squeaking noise, and came hard, all over the bridge of Sherlock’s nose, his forehead, and into his hair. Sherlock wished he’d thought to measure the output, but without his digital pocket scale and a baseline to compare it to, what was the point? That would have to wait for another day, another experiment.
. John extended his tongue and opened wide, nudging the back of Sherlock’s thighs with his spread fingers. Sherlock gave a small thrust, letting the underside of his cock slide up and down the wet bed of John’s tongue. There was no sucking, just this hot, wet slipping, caused by Sherlock’s small movements.
John rested his hands low on Sherlock’s hips and squeezed. “Maybe not quite completely, but soon now.”
"Sherlock," he said, placing his hands on Sherlock's waist, "You are the most beautiful creature I have ever seen in my life. Dressed to the nines or wrapped in sweaty spandex, you defy and exceed all normative standards of beauty. Don't you dare apologize, ever, for the way you look. Okay?"
John groaned and pulled away, then snuggled up close again. “11:20. Mmm, you’re so warm,” he said to the space between Sherlock’s shoulder blades.
“Everyone, this is Anahera, and that is Tui. We were attacked by a seal just as we arrived; Tui is badly injured, she has lost a lot of blood, please —” Sherlock has been talking to John the entire time, unable to look away, but Cetus has wasted no time rushing to the unconscious, wounded emperor.
“Kororā and Ika’s father. If anyone will be watching out for us, he will be. Every night, we’ll look at Atutahi, and we’ll be together.”
“About two months ago. I was going to end it anyway, because I found out he’d been screwing everything that moved, behind my back. He dumped me first, though, because I wasn’t being
"So, Sherlock Holmes, tell me about yourself. What do you do other than keep the team on its toes with your amazing stats?”
"What kind of reaction were you going for?" John stirred his tea and put the spoon in his mouth, licking it clean before setting it back on the table.
He led her back to their table and pulled out a chair for her, rubbing her shoulders as she sat down and grabbing another fistful of napkins and pressing them into her hands. “Molly, this is Sherlock. Sherlock, Molly.”
“Listen,” John said into Sherlock’s hair. “I love you. I am completely in love with you. Dating was a word that my dad used. I haven’t thought much about labels and definitions, but I still think of you as my best friend, and I’m glad that I can do that, that we have that. You’re my boyfriend, too, and my lover, even though I’ve always kind of hated that word, but you are. And no, we aren’t dating, not really, unless you count the past nineteen years, which when you think about it, was us getting to the point we’re at now.
John was standing by the bed in his pyjama bottoms, flipping through a book, his back to Sherlock. Sherlock made a show of putting his clothing away but did so while staring at the muscles running down and across John’s back. He nearly gave himself whiplash turning his head back toward the armoire when John looked toward him unexpectedly.
“He apologized on her behalf, if you can believe that. He said that he wasn’t aware of what happened yesterday, but he did know that she had been talking to the pastor, and praying for me, and had continued to work herself up into quite a tizzy.
“We didn’t just talk about the photos. Well, at first that’s all we talked about, but then we—he asked me how you were, and he seemed sad, you know, that you guys weren’t in touch, and we talked a bit about why, and I realized that—I think you need to talk. I think he really wants to talk to you.”
“He transferred half his power, as promised, to his scion, and bade her a safe, successful journey.”
“What the fuck is going on with you? You don’t return my messages, you don’t email. Fifty-seven texts, Sherlock, fifty-seven this semester, and you didn’t answer one of them.”
Sherlock slipped the photos back into the envelope, saving them for later. Saving himself, really. This was a thoughtful gesture from Kevin, a glimpse back to before, and he felt grateful for it, and he would cherish it. But, if it was true that a picture spoke a thousand words, it was also true that a picture could stir a thousand tears, and Sherlock could feel the start of them pricking at the backs of his eyes.
Sherlock waited another thirty seconds before pushing through the swinging doors and walking into the kitchen. John stood at the stove, stirring something in a large pot, and James sat at the kitchen table, dipping a teabag in and out of a mug that Sherlock suspected had long gone cold.
Sherlock has been too caught up in saying everything that needs to be said to John to realize how much he will miss Erebus, but it hits him very clearly now, a sharp pang resonating with Erebus’ earnest advice.
They slept, curled in each other’s arms, and when they woke, hours later, they did it all over again.
“Sherlock, love. You didn’t think you’d really find it, did you? You can’t believe that this is it because you never really thought you’d find it. You hoped. You dreamed. You were committed to your journey, but now that you’ve actually found it, you don’t believe.
John let him ramble, let him go on and on about colony politics and cross-pollination and honeycomb tiling, but he heard almost nothing after, ‘we’ll have to be careful about that,’ because Sherlock had used the plural, simple future tense of the verb ‘to be,” and that sounded much closer to a promise, than a veto.
There was a brief silence while the busboy refilled their water glasses, and then Mycroft cleared his throat. Sherlock watched as his brother’s entire posture shifted and changed. Spine straight, shoulders squared, face neutral, he transformed from family-man to businessman.
Sherlock tested his thought processes. He allowed himself to feel John’s hand sliding down his arm, allowed himself to be aware of the way John was gripping his hand and twining their fingers together, then he tried to have a coherent thought. Nope.
Not missing a beat, Mrs. Hudson ducked into the pantry and retrieved a plate with half a plastic-wrapped lemon bundt cake on it.
Sherlock turned to head upstairs, and Mrs. Hudson called after him. “Unpack in the new bedroom, Sherlock, don’t forget.”
Sherlock rolled off John, turned around, and flopped down at his side, head on his shoulder. “You think that’ll happen?”
Sherlock was beginning to get the idea that John did, indeed, like his gift. “It wasn’t that much, John, not really. They are not in the greatest condition, and two of the plates are missing, and it has some stains, but I thought –”
Okay, here's how this is going to go. First, the Friday chapter was really long, and I ended it where it felt most right, BUT, there was more. So, this chapter is the rest of Friday night, and Saturday morning. Consider it a bonus chapter. There will be another Saturday chapter following this one, hopefully tonight.
John says goodnight and rolls over to give Sherlock whatever space he needs, and to put this shitty day behind him. There’s no rustling, no flipping the covers back, no huffing. There’s stillness. Stillness, then a quiet voice.
"I couldn't manage it more than once in a while. It's not as easy as it looks. Women have a definite advantage."
Sherlock’s chins tripled into a full-face grin as he hugged John close. “You’re so smart. I’m going to keep you.”
If Sherlock was quiet as they ate dinner that first night back in Pitlochry it wasn’t because there was anything wrong. It was because everything was right. So when John asked, “Everything okay? You seem quiet,” it was enough to answer, “I’m with you, John. I’m quite well.”
Sherlock thought back to the discussion they’d had in bed a few nights ago after he’d researched various sexual acts on his phone and told John some of the things he was interested in trying. “Other oral things” was how he’d put it, and John had affirmed that he was also interested in doing that. In fact, his exact words had been, “There’s nowhere on your body that I wouldn’t want to put my mouth. Nowhere.”
"That hasn't stopped you in the past, though, has it? Drunk, injured, hospitalized, asleep, or otherwise incapacitated in any way, be it cognitively, physically, or emotionally, you have never once, not one single time, managed to not acquire an erection when I take off your trousers."
"We're goddamn fucking idiots," John whispered, and then they were kissing again, grabbing handfuls of each other, reading each other's bodies with fingers and palms. The quarry wall was hot and rough on Sherlock's back, and John was cool and smooth at his front, and it was so easy to let his legs part more, to pull John in and press his thighs to John's waist, and squeeze.
Tui on the Shelf and that Dā was not with you when you met them. I know they came home with you after your visit there, but Uncle Mycroft did not, because that’s when he started to work with the High Council. One of you must have met with the High Council while you were there, because what other reason would you have had to go to the Shelf all the way from Cassiopeia? Why did you meet with the High Council?"
“The more we talked, the more eager he was. I told him about my pre-med studies, and that I’d looked up his bio, and how badly I wanted to follow in his footsteps, and he just sort of melted into it. I told him I was just out of the closet and new to the scene, and sort of hinted that I might be a virgin.”
Mycroft looks from peng to peng. “They are eager for my return, Father, but they understand I have responsibilities to my home colony, as well. No member of the High Council will retire until I am fully trained and prepared. There is no rush.
The penglings insist on calling them Sherlo-Kimi and Tahu-John, and Sherlock and John stop correcting them when it becomes clear that these names are indelible to the chicks, some integral part of their associations with these two adult emperors, unlikely to ever change.
“I'm sorry, Sherlock. I didn't even know I was going to say anything until we were standing in the kitchen.
“Nope.” John laughed at Sherlock's indignant expression and rolled off of him. He sat up and stretched, then reached behind him and grabbed Sherlock's wrist away from where it was sneaking low over his hip. “Nuh-uh. Get up and shower. We're leaving in twenty-five minutes.”
John wants to know about the High Council, and if Sherlock was nervous to speak in front of the highest law of their land. How long did their tribunal take, and how many were there, and did they look just like all the other emperors? What did they do when they saw the tooth, and where is it now, and why didn't Mycroft come back? What are Anahera and Tui like, and how old are they, and how did they meet, and are they allowed to be
The doctor listened to Sherlock's heart and peered into his ears and nose and mouth, but when Sherlock tried to return the favour the doctor wagged her finger at him and told him to stay still. He wagged his finger back and yelled, “No still no!” When the poking and prodding was done she set him down on the floor, where he occupied himself by making puddles of exam table crepe paper on the linoleum floor.
Sherlock floated between wakefulness and sleep and attuned himself to John’s body. John was warm and pliant in Sherlock’s arms, completely relaxed after his orgasm. His fingers had gone slack in Sherlock’s hair and on his forearm, and his right leg had become an anchor over Sherlock’s bent knee. Sherlock pressed his toes into the arch of John’s left foot but John didn’t react at all. His man was asleep. His man was hot and heavy in his arms, and Sherlock’s mind sent a fizz of bliss through his veins, from the top of his head to the bottoms of his feet. He made a note of the picture they painted, entwined in the dark, skin-to-skin, slipping into a stupor-like-sleep after their lovemaking.
Why on earth was Sherlock’s body responding to John putting on a Scots accent, he wondered. He leaned in a little closer to John and asked him to say something.
"The first time I masturbated to thoughts of you, which happened to be immediately after the first time you ventured downstairs in that indecently short dressing gown."
Sherlock reached between them and took himself in hand with his thumb over his slit, and his fingers curled just under the head. He stroked down as John rutted up, the two of them grunting in time.
Sherlock stops at the edge of the colony and observes. His day-to-day life in the sea had not varied significantly, but above the surface, winter has taken its toll on those who stayed behind. They have shrunk their lives down to one purpose only: keeping their eggs safe and warm. They have lost almost half their body weight and will have to leave soon to replenish their own food stores. Sherlock wonders if any other being can survive four moons without eating. If so, they would probably want to eat him, so he lets the thought go.
“I’d be happy to show you around. It’s mostly wooded, but there are some hiking trails and a few fields where we played as kids, and an old tennis court that’s gone to seed. Do you play tennis? We can get it repaved if you’d like.”
“I’m going kind of stir crazy,” Sherlock said, folding the dish towel into thirds and hanging it over the faucet. “How about you?”
Mycroft is most unhappy. He stands in front of Sherlock, Anahera, and Tui, and scowls the scowl of a wicked fierce wind. Sherlock expected this, so he’s prepared to wait it out. Mycroft makes him wait until everyone is squirming.
Sherlock had read the news as it trickled out to the public, first scoffing, then incredulous. No government should serve as a matchmaking agency, not for any purpose whatsoever, and if that’s what was going to happen, he would stay well away. He hadn’t, however, anticipated his mother’s eagerness to participate. She had all but jumped at the chance to marry off her eccentric younger son, registering Sherlock immediately with their local Oxfordshire County agency and filling out all the necessary paperwork for him when he refused to do so.
. The wind, the sleet, the snow. I could hear them, I could see them, but I couldn’t get close enough.”
Pengful thanks to KarlyAnne, who squeezed this chapter in and left adorable comments all over the document. My favorite was, "Oh, tiny Sherlock."
When Sherlock had to reach down and squeeze the base of his cock to keep from coming, John stopped and gave him one final, decadent lick, then stretched over to the side, reached into his bedside table, and pulled out a bottle of lube.
Next, Sherlock went to the chemistry labs in his mind palace, which were dusty with disuse. He flipped through some folders of old experiments he'd worked on and filed those away, then reviewed the work he'd been doing when he first met John. Would he be able to work after sending his brain spinning with that kiss? How long did the effects of physical touch on his thinking process last?
They round a curve in the path and their cottage comes into view, a lone structure on this side of the hill, cherished that much more due to its lack of neighbours. Beyond it are the fields attached to their property, and then sloping farmland, and then the sea. John has never loved any place in the world as much as he loves this place, his home with Sherlock.
All was fine until the seventh evening. Agitated by Kororā's choice and Pono's presence, Apo lobbied privately with a wingful of his council friends, and then called for an adjunct tribunal. He presented the case that Pono would be too small and weak to protect the heir from the dangers of their world. The minority argued that their colony would guard and care for the chick as a community, as they cared for all of the offspring. Several offered to stay with Pono and the hatchling through the summer, to personally oversee the safety of them both. Apo insisted that each of them had their own families to care for, and important responsibilities to the council and its members. No, he said. The real danger was inside Pono herself, in her compromised anatomy. How could she stand the fast for sixty-four days? How could her crippled body retain enough warmth for the egg? What if she tripped, or fell ill, or lost her way at night? No. The safekeeping of this egg was far too important to the colony. He resolved to take it as his own and finish the incubation himself.
Sherlock shook his head. “Well, in the beginning, I was sent both green and blue folders. In all fairness, though, my mother was the one organising the whole thing and didn’t realise that only the green folders were necessary.” He smiled at the memory. “I rarely looked at the folders so I can’t really say whether or not they were good matches. Just that one of them definitely was.” He held John’s gaze over the rim of his teacup.
The summer is coming to an end, but there is still much work to do. The Junior Council has been informed that they will stay in training on the iceberg until the new moon, at which time they can expect the first of the colony to reach Cassiopeia on their way home. The Junior and Senior Councils will join that pod, and begin the long journey back. According to Sherlock’s calculations, they have eight more days, nine nights, until then.
Pengful thanks to KarlyAnne who holds things up to my written-word-weary eyes and says, "What is this? This makes no sense," so that I can say, "Shit. You're right. I'll fix it."
John slapped the other side, then smoothed his palm over Sherlock’s skin. He slid the briefs down a little more and slipped his hands between Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock strained into the touch.
Mycroft stood up and Sherlock scooted around the corner of the table and out of the booth. “Be right back.” He could still hear them debating who would have the honor of footing the bill as he made his way to the back of the restaurant. The alcohol had loosened his joints and softened the precision of his usual stride. He walked with a sloshy ease, his long legs gliding under swaying hips. Past the other diners he went, unaware of those who were checking him out. He fixed his eyes on the entrance to a hallway marked “Restrooms,” and floated toward his destination.
And so, the wedding planning went on, and Sherlock gleaned what he could about his husband-to-be, but was less forthcoming with information about himself. What was there really to tell, he thought to himself, other than the most important bits that John already knew? Sherlock had gone to the best grammar schools and colleges, had studied postdoctoral chemistry at Cambridge, and then fashioned himself into a consulting detective for New Scotland Yard.
He and James greeted each other and James made room at the table, folding up the newspaper sections he’d already read and brushing some crumbs into his palm before dumping them onto his empty plate. Sherlock set his coffee and scone down and pulled out a chair on Annette’s side of the table. He looked out over the overgrown grass and tilted his face up to the partially sunny sky. It didn’t look like it would stay sunny for much longer.
When they were done eating, John dismissed James to the library with a modest glass of Port, and he and Sherlock stayed behind to clean up.
John pressed the back of his hand to his mouth to stifle a giggle. “I guess now we know that Lestrade wears a dark blue hanky in his right back pocket.”
Sheet still in place, though just barely, Sherlock sat up and reached underneath, brushing his hand down John’s thigh while he watched John’s reactions. John closed his eyes and sucked in a quick breath. Sherlock followed the lines of John’s quads and felt them flex under his touch. John shifted, bending his knee and letting that leg fall open to the side, and Sherlock felt the way John’s skin became so much warmer the higher he explored. John threw one arm over his head and Sherlock watched as he clenched his hand into a fist, released it, clenched it again.
Anahera places her wing on Sherlock’s shoulder, and gently turns him around, back in the direction from which he came. They walk.
Sherlock manages to nod, once, twice, and then Jean is gone, and he is left with his canvas and pencils and the heat in his face and between his legs, and
“To us, Sherlock. To you, my husband, and to me, your husband. May we have many years of discovering each other.”
“She has,” Mycroft said with a tilt of his head. “We couldn’t have compiled this report without thorough interviews with all three of you.”
I just feel like Sherlock would have sex in so many inconvenient/dangerous places... SO many... Like, the more dangerous the locale, the more he would be into it.
“Yeah, that sounds good. I wonder what Greg will be up to for New Year’s. Maybe we could tag along?”
Around them, other pengs begin to call for each other, and the sky above Pobeda bears witness to another season of courting. In a few days it will be done. For now, Sherlock and John take their place at the head of the parade, where they will lead other couples around the colony in a show of who’s who in the newly bonded. As they wait for others to join them, Sherlock alternately preens and grooms John.
“What? Yeah. Gave it to Jamie,” Rudy continued. “So Kevin came home early from work last week because he wasn’t feeling all that great, and walked in on Jamie diving into the pool boy’s deep end, if you get my drift. Right there. Up against the window.” Rudy titled his wine glass toward Lake Michigan.
Harry grabbed a napkin from the plastic napkin holder and held it over her shoulder for her mother. Mrs. Watson took the napkin and blew her nose, then crumpled it up and shoved it up the sleeve of her sweater.
“Worry about what? We text and talk all the time. You always know what I'm doing.” He frowned, and took a step closer to where Sherlock was now leaning against the side of the truck. “You're not worried about me meeting someone else, are you?”
John stayed downstairs with Annette to go over some of the receipts Annette had amassed while Sherlock dragged their bags upstairs and into their bedroom. There, too, small changes made the room look lighter, fresher. There were new bed linens and pillows on the bed, and a set of armchairs from downstairs had been re-upholstered and set up in one corner with a reading lamp and small side table. New curtains made the room look both more modern and homey. Cracks in the plaster walls and ceiling had been repaired, and the walls painted a light ivory colour.
“That is a ridiculous thing, Sherlock, that no one has ever kissed you before. Well, no, it’s not, because that means I get to give you your first kiss, and I am a very lucky man indeed.”
He leaned over John's shoulder, whispered in his ear, “I'm gonna come all over your ass, John. I'm so hard, getting so close.”
“For your birthday. I took the liberty of making a few other plans, too, if that’s alright with you.”
“Of course! It would be my pleasure. And the exercise would do my hip some good, too. I haven’t hiked up there in more winters than I can count.”
Sherlock thinks he could close his eyes and rest his wings and still end up home, with John. Not even the restless waves would deny them.
Sherlock ran his fingers over the brass studs on a leather armchair and looked down at the patch of sunlight he was standing in. “Did she refinish the floors, too?”
. Wet heat enveloped him, just the very tip, and then there was suckling and licking and John’s pointed tongue pushing down and under his foreskin.
I didn't use this word in this chapter, but I want you all to see the magnificence of this language. These three letters could mean:
After that, they fulfil a promise to show Ariki and Kahu how to skip ice chips over the water. The two hatchlings have been relentless in their stalking of the two older emperors. Their mothers have apologized several times, but Sherlock is beyond bemused by the attention; plus, he likes seeing the way John interacts with the wee ones.
Oh, how Sherlock wishes this were the case. He yearns for that simpler time of his youth, just half a moon ago, when there were no unjust accusations against him and John, no spiteful robberies, no legends of revenge and power-laden teeth.
He admired the way their names looked together, side by side. That was nothing new, not really. Their names had been linked, on their lease, in the press, in the minds of criminals and clients, for close to two decades now.
John led him to one of the automatic ticket machines and pulled out his wallet. “Yeah, but you’ll still be with me when you go home.”
John let the front door close behind him before opening the interior door, doing their part to keep the cold out. The hostess greeted them, took their coats, and led them to a reserved table for four in the back of the second dining room. The first to arrive, they settled into their seats and took a look around.
Sherlock meant it. John had done everything right, everything just fine. But he’d also gone and given shape to abstract words in Sherlock's head, words like
So when Sherlock hums again, rather contemplatively, indicating that he’s made a choice, John is not at all expecting the
“I'm not loud,” Sherlock said through a fake pout. He loved ribbing John like this, and loved when John fell for it.
Sherlock shrugged and pushed his empty plate into the middle of the table. “I think she’s going to wait and see how it plays out.”
“I’m loving you. I’m yours, and I’m proud as a peng could be, and I want everyone to know that I am the luckiest peng who ever lived.”
“What is that, sir?” John looks as if he might lose a tail feather if there are any other difficult questions about their
“As far as I know, you’re out-of-town-friends of his. You, John, had a physical altercation with Stephan Laffitte last night, and are now being blackmailed into a sexual encounter with him so he won't press assault charges. To be very clear, if I didn’t hate that fucker as much as I do, and like Lestrade as much as I do, I wouldn’t be here tonight.”
John’s heart swells each time he watches his daughter and his best friend, his Sherlock, spend time together. He stands in the kitchen and makes tea, and he watches. He sits in his chair with the newspaper, and he watches. He searches his backpack for a clean nappy, and he watches.
It was a short walk to the nearest taxi stand, and with another passing of a folded piece of paper to the driver, they were on their way back toward Chicago’s skyline. To the east the lake roiled and churned, and to the west the city grew bolder and larger with every mile clocked.
Meeting in the middle, John looked up at him and smiled the biggest smile Sherlock had seen yet, and Sherlock couldn’t help but grin in return. No doubt the photographer was getting fantastic shots of his quadruple chin, but he found he couldn’t have cared less.
All in all, it was a much shorter kiss than Sherlock would have liked, more of a peck, really. Sherlock supposed it would have been a bit not good to carry on in front of their guests, but Sherlock had grown quite fond of kissing John, and if there was one place he thought it would be appropriate to lose control of his mind, and therefore what came out of his mouth, it was at his own wedding.
“Mmhm. It’s tough. It protects. It’s masculine. It took strength to produce this, strength to wear it. But it has all these little delicate bits, too, little hinges and straps and decorations that look like lace. The etchings make it look delicate, like it might just crumple up if the wrong person got their hands on it. But looks are deceiving. Just like you. People think you’re one thing, when you’re really something else altogether.”
“Relax,” John said, pulling Sherlock’s fingers free from the mangled clumps of sheets in his hands. “Keep breathing.”
An hour later the two of them had emptied Mrs. Hudson’s Dutch oven of its substantial contents, then wiped it and the roast potato pan clean with slices of white bread and butter. Mrs. Hudson sat back in her chair, hands folded in her lap, and sighed.
Moringa’s complaint is summarily postponed for the very reasons Lestra explained. She and Mycroft cannot participate in the proceedings; therefore, they do not have a quorum. Sherlock can tell that Moringa is angry, but resigned. She will not fight something she cannot change, but she will wait, and try again when the Senior Council reunites with Siger, after the migration back to Pobeda.
Sherlock kept his eyes closed, but made a noncommittal humming sound and kicked the covers down to the bottom of the mattress. John stood up and leaned down, trying to reach an arm behind Sherlock's shoulders, and received a grunt and groan for his efforts.
Sherlock looked down at his own unbuttoned shirt, and John’s hands rucking up the T-shirt underneath. “I’m pretty sure that’s part of Lakeview, which is just north of Lincoln Park, which is north of the Loop, but still in Chicago.”
The picture was a 4x6” glossy of John and Sherlock seated on the same side of the kitchen table at John’s house. They were only visible from the shoulders up and looked to be about four-years-old. In front of them was a clear glass mixing bowl that held the remnants of chocolate cake batter, and each of the boys had a wooden spoon long enough to reach into the depths of the bowl. By the looks of it, they had been happy to get the batter anywhere at all near their mouths, including their noses, cheeks, chins, and hair.
“Ah, there you are, Maryle! We’d wondered where you’d gone off to!” Vela says by way of greeting. Sherlock half expects Maryle to dig her claws into the ice and refuse to budge, but with the exception of one imploring look at John, she allows herself to be led away.
He nudged a bit deeper, found his target, and applied a bit of pressure. At the same time, he wiggled the tip of his tongue as fast as he could over that spot below the head of John’s cock, sending saliva flying in every which direction. John pulled Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock gasped. Momentarily distracted, he repositioned himself, and took a second look up at John. John was staring down at him, slack-jawed, eyelids drooping, his chest, neck and face flushed and sweaty.
He ate his supper while she updated him on the state of things, rattling off worker headcounts, feedlot expenses, silage estimates, and the like. He interjected when he needed to, but hardly anything warranted his feedback. She could’ve run the place blindfolded, and had done since before he left for college. Still, it felt good to be back for the summer, to put his hand back in.
Sherlock came off his knees a bit so he could lean down and apply more pressure to John’s shoulders. John grunted and sighed again. Sherlock took his time, concentrating on the major muscles in John’s upper back, stroking along the larger groups, then isolating the smaller ones, finding tendons and connective tissue as he went. He was thorough, wanting John to feel good, but also because it was fascinating to see John’s body in this way, to actively apply himself to all the places that made John who he was, to the muscles that flexed and moved and lifted and stretched, the structures underlying John’s skin, making him strong and warm and sexy, making him a man. Sherlock’s man.
“Happy? I suppose so. I like John and I think we have a lot in common. If the rest doesn’t come, at least we have that.”
Sherlock pushed an errant curl off his forehead and growled under his breath. Not being able to see the third barista was seriously inhibiting his ability to deduce the man. Well, if the high-pitch giggle was anything to go on, he was an idiot like the rest of them.
Sherlock did, and after that it was just him, John’s hands, and the warmth and comfort emanating from them. John worked the balm into Sherlock’s shoulders and neck, kneading and stroking with his thumbs and the heels of his hands, pushing waves of tension up and out of Sherlock’s body. He worked his fingers down either side of his spine, then scooted down to sit over Sherlock’s thighs and massage his lower back, hips, and the sides of his buttocks.
“It’s not a done deal yet, my dear,” Daddy said, but he moved toward the discreet bar set into a bookshelf across the room all the same.
Sherlock started unravelling another thread. “Surely, there is somewhere else he can go? Some military protection program? A safe house?” He turned to look at John, who looked haggard and worn, exhausted. Sherlock wanted to reach out and comfort him, but God, he was still so angry.
Mycroft moves to the front of the Council and clears his throat. Sherlock would not have bothered to consider it before their journey from Cassiopeia to the Shelf, but it seems Mycroft has softened under the weight of his recent responsibilities. Sherlock reads in Mycroft’s stance and expressions that the privilege of intercolonial committee work has humbled the older peng.
When it became impossible to speak, when gasping and moaning were the only sounds left, Sherlock reached down and took them both in hand. John reached too, to fondle and roll and tug, and when Sherlock threw his head back John buried his face in that long expanse of neck, and when Sherlock cut short his string of curses, John whimpered and jerked and followed right after him.
“I am beginning to wonder if I am pertinent to this process at all,” Siger quips, but his voice is filled with affection. “I am not opposed to this recommendation. Shall we ask Lestra if he would be willing?”
"What I really love, Sherlock, cannot be described by color, or fabric, or style. What I really love is your self-acceptance, your attitude, your... your you. I love you, Sherlock."
“He said that he knew he hadn’t known me long but thought he had a pretty good sense of my character and abilities, or something like that, and that in light of my quest for a new career direction I should consider calling this number. I thanked him. That’s it.”
John looked back and forth between Sherlock and the waiter and nodded. “Yeah, you do, but I think you have a few inches on him.”
Sherlock watched the exits fly by and let his thoughts sort themselves into place. He and John couldn’t be damaged by John’s mom, John’s dad and sister liked him, and they didn’t care that he and John were together. John had his dad’s support, which was important, but he also stood to lose his relationship with his mom, which would be bad, even if he had nothing to do with it going in that direction. Jesus was a hippy, and the bible was dangerous. Ignorance was rampant. Memos. He loved John. John loved him. The mall was two miles away.
“Come on, gorgeous. I'll let you measure it again in the shower.” John turned and strode out of the bedroom, buck naked, and Sherlock scrambled out of bed after him.
“Don’t talk to me, don’t acknowledge me or my friend, don’t even make eye contact. Do not leave your table. If you must leave the table, be sure that I hear you explain where you’re going and if you’re coming back.
“They’re fascinating, aren’t they?” John pressed his forehead to the glass and watched the penguins speed by. “This says they keep the lights off in the winter, so the penguins know which season it is. When it gets lighter, they know it’s time to mate.”
John smiled goofily, giddy, oxygen-drunk blood pumping through him, making him feel light as air. “I’m great. Just glad to be off.” His eyes followed Sherlock through the crowd, watching as he hunched his shoulders and lowered his chin into his chest as he walked out into the rain. John’s mind definitely did not wonder what that white shirt would look like soaking wet. It definitely did not. John shook his head, as if to clear it. “Hey, mind if I make a few drinks before I go?”
"And then you leaned in, and you tilted your head down, and I tilted mine up, and you brought your lips to mine. God, it was the most romantic thing, it really was, Sherlock, like a movie, better, and you pressed your lips to mine, so lightly, so soft ‒"
Yoo-Hoo is a chocolate soda drink that was very popular when I was a kid, and is still popular in certain parts of the country.
John hummed low and deep in his throat and bobbed his head faster. His fingers tightened around Sherlock’s shaft, the side of his hand brushing rhythmically through Sherlock’s pubic hair, sending tiny shock waves through the follicles.
call and have chicks of her own. She will be all these things, but she will never be ‘just Erebel.’ She will always be extraordinary, a miracle, a presence capable of taking his breath away, simply by virtue of being his
John hooked his finger into the waistband of Sherlock’s underwear, and tugged him closer, until they were pressed together, and he could whisper in his ear. “How is it that you are fucking stunning even when you’re still wearing tube socks and boxer briefs? Because I look like a fucking dork standing here in my socks and underwear.”
Sherlock has not seen the elder outside of the huddle since he ventured out to greet him and John and their egg. Cetus, Pavo, and Vela take turns staying with him, but now they are leaving for the hunt, too. Erebus will be cared for by the fathers staying with their eggs, but their priority will be their precious cargo, and Sherlock fears they will not pay close enough attention to Erebus’ health. John has promised to stay close to Erebus at all times, and he has recruited Lestra and Stamfjord to join his makeshift huddle-within-a-huddle.
