Mycroft has not visited us every day since he became our host, but he has these past few, and he is equally encouraged by his brother’s efforts. He does not blink an eye at his more eccentric behaviours—as Sherlock has always done, he eschews proper dress in private unless encouraged, but he inquires as to Sherlock’s progress on his “composition” (meaning the various pieces of paper strewn across the floor, on which he has scribbled a haphazard collection of notes) and if he has read anything interesting in the newspapers.
“Yes, I know you have,” I agreed.
He took a deep breath. “My brother holds a unique position in the government, and the less that is known of his existence, the better.”
“Kiss me, John,” he requested, and I did so, somewhat hesitantly.
I seated myself on the closed lid of the toilet. “What happened?” I inquired. “You rushed out this morning without a word.”
“Up for a bit?” said the woman sitting on the straight-backed chair.
“Over what?”
She gave him a mildly insulted look that vastly assured him. “How is he?” she asked. She looked straight at him. Many (most) people were intimidated by Mycroft Homes—by his design—but to work as an effective assistant, she needed to be stronger than that. That, and her position had allowed her to witness the human side of the man, and she more than anyone truly understood what anguish he was experiencing.
“Hurry up!”
The gracious, hardworking lady—the mother of the young girl I had attended to—was quite shocked and upset to hear of our mutual friend’s misfortune.
“Oh, erm… nothing bad. He just needed some… erm… privacy.” The blush spread to his ears and throat.
“God, Sherlock, are you telling me that Mr. Bloom is a
in your bedroom,” I pointed out as politely as I was able.
I looked at the letter with interest. This was a good opportunity for me to apply some of the observational skills Sherlock is always attempting to teach me. The first thing I observed was that I did not recognise the handwriting. That was not at all unusual. Most of the personal correspondence addressed to me was from strangers; admirers of my stories.
I considered what he had told me. No children. A mysterious visitor when the wife was away. Apparent interest in our waiter. I shook my head. “No, my dear. It just does not seem enough to determine that he is not simply a husband disinterested in his wife.”
“Well,” he acquiesced finally, still smiling, “let it never be said that I, John Watson, was unsupportive of anyone’s achievements. You deserve a reward for your efforts.”
“You are not so encumbered by the past when it comes to science; if anything, you advance it.” He considered this, and to my great delight, I seemed to have stumped him. “We have a telephone now. You certainly have no objection to the advancement of the use of fingerprints as evidence.” Continued silence. “So why the objection to some new clothes?”
“Very well,” I agreed readily. “The subject is more delicate than I originally thought, I take it.” I worked the suds up in the flannel again and began scrubbing the closest knee. “You must have been kneeling in that manure; it quite soaked through your trousers and drawers and into your skin.”
I could not believe what I had heard. I feel cold still now—as if someone has walked over my grave.
“Perhaps not in quite such a deliberate manner, but yes, I believe that my father wished me dead.”
a lab that had been familiar like home almost for a while but not lately why not lately had there been another lab was there another lab why would there be another lab there was but not like home not like home at all not even english why not english what instead of english french no german no not european language he spoke it well enough read it with effort the effort hurt sometimes hurt his head why was he reading why was he working in a japanese lab was he working there no it was dark didn’t work in the dark in a lab unless the subject was bioluminescent why would he know about bioluminescent subjects what sort of subject there had been a lab not like home big white loud glowing what had been glowing why had it been glowing a rabbit why a rabbit a bunny a blue bunny no such thing as a blue bunny no such thing as a glowing bunny but there it was there he was the glowing bunny wasn’t in the lab with all the signs in japanese confusing no puzzling never confused sometimes confused at least about labs now back in the lab the home lab the english lab very english lab very british not british government that wasn’t home lab wasn’t home lab had been at home then it wasn’t it changed what changed everything changed everything about home changed in the lab why had what had wasn’t a bunny was it what was it was it an animal at all maybe it was maybe a small animal cute animal snub nose sort of spikey not quite right small animals don’t generally shoot people they don’t even carry guns for the most part except bears don’t be silly bears don’t carry guns sometimes they have an eyepatch he had a bear with an eyepatch where was his bear where was his what was it it was his his little yes little but fierce with a gun or without fierce little animal in the lab they were in the lab in the lab together yes that was where he had gotten him he met in the lab he had wanted him had to have him wanted to have him wanted to take him home invited him home was it even home yet was it home until he
Had always done it.
“My darling,” I told him firmly, “no, you do not and never will bore me. You do sometimes overwhelm and confound me, but you have never once been anything but positively fascinating to me.”
On the third day I was able to get him to bathe and I shaved him.
“You are so sensible,” I offered, sincerely.
that,” he insisted; I watched him tighten his hold on his legs. “It’s that crimes were committed—a family was torn apart—and all for the sake of some particular elements being put into a particular arrangement. You could arrange… I don’t know… lumps of coal on the brim of a hat—and it is nearly worthless, but if you toss sapphires into the fire and place a ring of gold on your head, you would soon be numb with cold.” He sighed.
There were just too many responsibilities for one person, he told himself. His wife expected him to support her and the kids, didn’t she? He had to work to do that, didn’t he? And his dad—he was just beginning to lose some words and fumble for names—so he had to take care of him as well, didn’t he? And his supervisor expected great things from him—he had told him so, and didn’t he have to try to live up to that as well?
I was quite relieved to discover his presence. My recollection of him was that he was quiet, in a restrained rather than timid manner, and was often a calming influence on his somewhat excitable wife. The last thing we needed was a scene.
I believe the only reason that jumbled bits of sentences were not spilling from his lips at that moment was because his thoughts and movement were both so disordered that he could not actually form words.
Winifred arrived for her shift, hiding a smile at Gloria’s less-than-glorious exit. She reviewed the notes she had been handed.
He nodded.
“John,” he nearly whispered, “this is gorgeous.” He skimmed his fingers across the board, then reverently lifted the lid of the box and caressed the polished wooden chess pieces.
He was grateful that he had left Anthea behind to organise the medical team when he had headed out to retrieve him. He knew that over the years she had seen the younger Holmes at both his best and at his worst, but as they sped through the streets of London, he simply did not have the desire for anyone else to witness the great man, Sherlock Holmes, dazed and broken and struggling to speak.
I listened. I had not shut the door separating his room from mine, and so I clearly discerned the sound of the water as he retrieved and wrung out his sponge. I could not bear it. Moving as quietly as I could manage, I approached the open door and peered into his room through the narrow opening I had left.
She knew a bit more than the average housekeeper about mental and physical torture, after all.
The voice—that rich, familiar baritone—was raspy and weak; the crisp enunciation impeded by the injuries to his face and likely the head injury. Still, he was speaking intelligible words. “Go on,” Mycroft encouraged him.
“Have a cigarette,” I encouraged, reaching into his pocket for his case and matches. He allowed me to extract a cigarette, place it between his lips, and light it for him. I realised then that he had not been smoking—not since his after-breakfast pipe—or had he had that? Or breakfast, for that matter?
Why do I stay with him if he is so difficult? I stay because, quite simply, he is who he is. He is mercurial moods and flashes of brilliance. He is omniscient; he is utterly innocent. He is energy and sloth. He is biting insults and heartfelt compliments. He is simply Sherlock Holmes--and I cannot bear to consider my life without him.
“That’s excellent news, my darling,” I told him, brushing the spray of crumbs off my jacket. I did not quite know at that point what his intent was. I knew it had something to do with detecting something at the scene of a crime, but every time I asked him to clarify himself, he would get caught up in his rambling explanations and I would be no closer to understanding what he was seeking than when he had begun. I knew that eventually he would explain (and demonstrate) all.
“It was those fantastic positions,” I hastened to explain. “When you throw yourself about like that—all the reaching and creeping and when you were kneeling in front of me—I found that… I
After his few words—and his admonishment to his brother—Sherlock had finished his dinner, smiling guilelessly as he polished off his last chip. As he had eaten everything with his fingers, he had managed to get himself rather amazingly greasy.
“We were,” she laughed, patting his hand. “And we certainly love each other—I’m not saying that we don’t. But it’s a… comfortable love. It’s all worn and smooth and soft and familiar.”
“That tickles!” he protested.
“Bin’s there,” she commented, tipping her head towards it. “Lots of towels and fresh clothes in the bathroom. Be prepared.”
“How commendable,” my love offered, his insincerity laughable if the situation had not been so dire.
“Well, get him dressed.” He strode out of the room.
“Enough!” he shouted, slamming his hands on the desk. “I have my reasons and you have absolutely no say in the matter.”
“Then what do you mean?” I demanded coldly.
“Of course I
“Holmes?” I called out. “I’d like to come in and talk to you. Is that all right?”
He attempted to make an exasperated noise, but he coughed instead.
The new nurse was terribly impressed with her own medical knowledge. She threw around terms such as
But now, of course, the other primary purpose for the electronics was to monitor the multiple CCTV feeds that covered virtually every inch of the property, inside and out. The feeds generally ran in the background, but if anything triggered a specific feed—a motion sensor being set off, for example—the window would open, interrupting whatever else she was doing.
“Thank you, sir. Most folks condemn her, but I knew my sister. I know that she is with the angels now, and that she is calm and content.”
“’She greeted me with a few words of pleasant welcome in a low clear voice, and I sank into a basket chair feeling distinctly glad that I had accepted John’s invitation.’”
Solomon scrambled up from the floor, where the emaciated but surprisingly strong man had landed him heavily on his arse, and left the room without a word.
Sherlock proceeded to describe his brother—his observational powers that rivalled and even surpassed my friend’s; his almost impossibly energetic lifestyle. His ability to function on no more than four hours of sleep a night. The great ambition that had led to his unique position in the government. His erratic schedule and lifestyle. In short, yes, when I was finally permitted to reveal the existence of Mycroft Holmes, many years later, I obscured all but a very few facts about the man by essentially reversing them. And so my readers know about a Mycroft Holmes who is corpulent and unambitious; who is sedentary and habitual to the extreme. I was permitted to include a few truths—his observational skills truly do exceed Sherlock’s in many ways, he truly is seven years his senior, and the existence of the Diogenes Club is a fact (that is, of course, not its true name nor its location, but otherwise it does exist exactly as I have described) were the extent of it. Mycroft is not even the name by which he is known.
He began to falter now, and Matilda, who had been perched on a chair against the wall, calmly rose.
“He needs you,” he said quietly.
He sobered quickly as he thought about what Anthea referred to as “The Coat” (you could
“Not your best work,” Mycroft had admonished, fingering the olive-coloured fabric, “and really, Sherlock—M&S Collection? Your standards have slipped.” Oh, the shrug and the eye roll he had received—it nearly made him laugh.
“I...”  Sherlock fell silent, his mouth still open and a look of utter bafflement on his face.
Now he watched as his patient, clad only in a blanket as described, pushed himself off the wall on which he had been leaning, looking out the window of his bedroom. His expression was unfathomable. “Hello?” he finally offered.
I entered, with the attendants close on my heels.
“I think he tried to… I think he tried to cut it out.”
“Has he ever experienced a mania of such intensity?” I enquired of his brother.
He indicated that yes, he meant to sleep on his own, so I indicated that he should have what we have been considering the “bedroom” and I would stay in our “sitting room.”
“So, both the boiling broth and the cast-iron pot landed on your foot? And you were not… wearing anything that might protect it.” She blushed—but perhaps not as much as I—when I alluded to her habit of going barefoot in the kitchen. I could see her slippers—those that she usually wore in the house—under the table. “Not even stockings?”
Carefully (his hands were beginning to tremble; he was tiring), he drew an X, and then another, and then another, and then three very close together. It was obvious that they were positioned in a deliberate way.
“What?” That had come out of nowhere.
She checked his vitals; made sure he was warm and dry. His eye and the wound on his temple were looking somewhat better but, according to the notes, he was still being tormented by headaches. His appetite was sketchy and his stomach unpredictable. It was fine. That was why she was there. Some nurses seemed to think that their entire job was to administer meds and record things. She did not. She believed in the healing power of a gentle touch; the soothing quality of a low voice murmuring assurances. She smoothed his blankets over him and gently stroked his cheek as he slept.
And then I understood, and he was, as he usually was, entirely correct. He had a hard enough time being taken seriously as it was—who, really, had time for his sermons on ash and footprints and the significance of
The thin man huffed and dropped onto the sofa, his dressing gown floating around him. “All this enforced good will towards man is going to turn me into a homicidal maniac,” he growled, pushing an errant curl from his forehead.
I nodded again; she was correct, and I had been so gratified to see him consume the nourishing and delicious dish with such relish.
“Oh, Doctor Watson, that’s nothing.”
“Yes, of course, I worry about you as much—if not more—than she.”
“He had to tell you everything that he had been doing so you could retrace his steps,” I realised.
“I had surmised it was a woman,” I nodded. “But who? And how did you identify her?”
The two other men approached now, each taking an arm as gently as they could, while the nurse prepared an injection.
“No.”
“Then, I propose that this evening, we take advantage of the fact that there will be no maid and that Mrs Hudson cannot ascend the stairs—because I should very much like to see exactly what poor Helen was exposed to this morning.”
“No.”
I nodded in agreement.
“And now I really must be going. When he is feeling more like himself, he will explain more.”
He turned his head and pressed his lips to my chest.
His behaviour and actions on this battlefield stand out as being particularly noteworthy.
“It is sufficient for the moment. I am, of course, continuing to look about me. But do not be concerned—I shall not leave here until Mrs Hudson is quite healed.”
He ducked his head. “I apologise for that. When I am not in the throes of such an attack, I both tend to forget how debilitating they can be and somehow hope that I will not experience one again. I do realise at this stage of my life that that is unlikely, but somehow I still wish it to be true. Sometimes I go for quite a while between these fits, and that gives me a false hope that they have somehow subsided forever.”
More slowly, he removed the paper, revealing a wooden box, which he carefully opened. “A telescope! A real telescope!” He immediately pulled it open and put it to his eye, swinging it around the flat. “Wow! This is awesome! I can watch for whales and sharks and ships and…” He paused and lowered the brass and leather object. “What’s the last one?” he wondered, dropping the telescope into his lap and reaching for it.
“Will you arrange for my barber to come shave him?”
!” He ended his statement vehemently, and I pressed down on his thin back to prevent him from leaping up from my lap. I was shaken.
“Oh?” I felt rather guilty—despite our conversation pertaining to the situation, I had not broached the subject with our landlady the following morning. Granted, I was somewhat taken by surprise when she rather than Belinda had appeared with the breakfast tray. Her foot was clearly entirely healed, and she seemed delighted to be back to bringing it up herself. Sherlock was still in bed—I had slept quite well, but he had had a restless night despite our activities, and I was leaving him to stay in bed as long as he required.
Mycroft frowned and slipped quickly out of the car, motioning for Anthea to follow.
“So, that is a
“Doctor Watson?” Belinda knocked gently on our sitting room door before entering. I had rung for her, but she was always cautious about knocking—she had been given more than sufficient warning about the possibly dire circumstances otherwise.
Mycroft’s sigh was one of the saddest things I have ever heard. “I know that you promise. I know that you wish to—intend to—behave. I know that the idea of going to one of those places is abhorrent to you. It is abhorrent to me as well. But you must understand that I only wish to keep you safe.”
He did try. He managed to remain in his chair (on the edge of it, as we ourselves had been seated moments earlier) for nearly two minutes. Considering the state he was in, I took that as a true testament that he was trying to keep his word.
how he got them. Not to me or most of the other nurses. We know that some are self-inflicted, but some of them… he’s been through a hell that very few people could even imagine. We just want to make him comfortable—make him feel safe.
Solomon arrival at eight o’clock was either at the most opportune time or the worst, depending on one’s point of view. Winifred was grateful to see him. “Good morning,” she sighed. “Can you give me a hand?”
Christopher had been quite alarmed to hear about his adventure in the city and his using and was ashamed that the damage he had done to his already-badly-scarred leg had happened on his watch. He was so angry at himself. How could he have been so idiotic?
“I really can’t say.” Mycroft’s statement was so uncharacteristically unsure that she nearly dropped her mobile. “That is, he’s not himself. I have no idea if he’s going to head to Baker Street, or to find a dealer, or try to leave England.”
“Well, you best be off, then, and I will keep our dear Sherlock company. Let’s hope he has pleasant dreams for once.”
reveal the content of our conversation.”
He considered this as he observed my hand moving the flannel across his pale skin. “No,” he finally replied. He pondered a bit longer before adding, “Is it acceptable?” he now wondered. “As my doctor?”
“And how they are to be prepared… I’m sorry, Mrs Parker,” he interrupted himself, sounding uncharacteristically contrite.  “You’ve always done an exemplary job catering to his predilections.”
“Then we will get to the heart of things. Shall I summarise?” I continued without waiting for a response. “I admitted to becoming stimulated at an investigation. It was inappropriate of me, but sometimes one cannot control these matters. I excused myself and our client and his maid were none the wiser.
“It’s all right, sir,” the medical technician replied evenly. “He’s been through hell.”
Mrs. Watson greeted me at the door when I arrived.
“Father Christmas.”
So she had just… gone with it.
“Among other things, yes.”
He nodded and alighted on a chair. As he had been so agitated upon my departure, I was surprised and pleased with his attempt and praised him.
Finally, they were done. John’s headache had started shortly after Sherlock had pointed out that maternity wear would be a more appropriate purchase than lingerie to an alarmed young man. There was no way he was going to suggest the Tube—expense be damned; they were taking a cab. He sat back into the deep seat with a groan.
[This reminiscence is folded carefully to hold a letter written in an educated woman’s hand. The location and date at the top of this letter have been carefully cut off, as has the signature at the end.]
The eyes opened wide at this. “With you?”
He entered the room quietly and pulled up a chair.
“Ah….ah-vus-lee.”
I have not washed a horse since I was a boy; we had a horse and trap for my father’s use in his medical practice and to take him and my mother to church on Sundays but since then I had not been in a situation that required such activities. However, I dimly recalled the technique, and I started at the top.
“Thank heavens you’re here!” I exclaimed as Mycroft strode energetically into our rooms. He tossed his dripping umbrella (it was a beastly day), coat, and hat in the general direction of our coat rack and, without having to ask, went straight into Sherlock’s bedroom. I was close on his heels.
“I’m not going to keep it,” the elder brother explained carefully, “but you seem a bit unsteady and I do not wish for you to injure yourself.”
“Make it stop,” he begged.
She nodded. “Make sure you tell Mr Holmes. Was he looking anywhere in particular?”
“I presume you’ve arranged for an anonymous entrance?”
He shrugged. “It’s fine. I don’t care.”
“What on earth is he doing?” Christopher asked as he returned to the kitchen. Their wanderings resumed, they had ended up in the warm room, where Mrs Parker had greeted them cheerily.
“I am not an idiot, you know. Here it is, nearly nine o’clock, and you are dressed, bag in hand, and clearly headed out to stay in a hotel until your latest little tiff blows over.”
“Clearly that did not soothe her,” I murmured.
“Did you read them?”
“No; a client.” She proceeded to explain that a young lady was waiting for us in our sitting-room, and that she had something very pressing to communicate.
a woman—not in appearance nor behaviour nor dress, and especially not in the most obvious (and crucial) feature.
He tore his gaze away from his brother and turned to her. If she didn’t know better, she would have sworn that there was a foreign look to his eyes—an unusual wet glimmer. He cleared his throat and replied, quietly, “He said
“Sometimes, yes.”
I am not, in retrospect, surprised that he knew that I was accompanied by someone other than his brother. My use of his surname, and his response using mine, indicated that with his usual lightning-quick reasoning, he had deduced the situation.
He suspected that the brother did feel guilty, although it was obvious he would never admit it—after he had gotten his patient’s pain and bleeding under control, the man had gotten some sort of terribly important call or something. One of the ubiquitous assistants in a black suit had come upstairs and murmured urgently in his ear, and the government man had nodded quite firmly, once, in his direction, and then made his exit.
He had been dreaming about Sherlock again. Sometimes the dreams were just of ordinary things—breakfast in the Baker Street flat’s cluttered but homely kitchen; sitting across from one another in the soft chairs by the fireplace. He liked those most of the time, but sometimes another part of his brain would remind him that Sherlock was dead and he wasn’t having—and never again would have—a conversation with him about red-headed clients or nail varnish or why it was a Bit Not Good to cultivate toxic substances so near to their food.
“A little one, yeah.”
she asked by simply moving her lips.
Perhaps it is simply because it is springtime in London, and I long for the opportunity to throw open the windows, to air out our rooms from some dreadful, noxious experiment, and to hear once more him play his violin.
“Don’t be a brat,” I growled in mock anger. “Right arm.”
So that brings me to us hiring the trap to drive us the four or five miles required to reach Stoke Moran. Well, I did the hiring, of course, while Sherlock stood passively behind me, staring rather intently at his own boots.
“Yes?” I encouraged quietly. She spoke so rarely about her husband and child, torn so unceremoniously from her by the horrible grasp of disease.
beyond the point of reason.
I remained silent as I began on his other knee, having rubbed the first one nearly raw, waiting.
“Oh, yeah. It’s important to have a good story. You don’t want to tell your mates you got hurt when you fell down the stairs with an umbrella in your hand now, do you? A sword fight—over some treasure that some scurvy dog tried to steal from you—that’s much better.”
“No,” I replied heavily.
I was momentarily baffled. Whatever did he mean? And then—I am a dullard at times—it came to me.
“Or a week or a month. Sherlock, what are you doing?”
“Please see that this gentleman arrives safely at his destination—you will escort him to his door, do you hear? Here is something extra for your consideration.” He pressed a coin into the cabbie’s grimy hand.
“Yes. There was shouting. I got out of my bed to investigate, but I was so very ill that when I reached the head of the stairs, I tumbled down to the ground floor.”
“Don’t be silly, John.”
And at that moment, Mrs Parker was expecting someone to buzz from the gate, and there she was, exactly on time. She peered at the image being transmitted to her and carefully compared it to the employee ID photo sent to her by the nursing agency. She did this with each change of nurse, their shifts running midnight to eight o’clock, eight to four o’clock, and four back to midnight. Mr Holmes’ favourite assistant—a sharp young woman who reminded her of herself far too many years earlier than she cared to admit—had, as she had so many times before, contacted the agency to make the nursing care arrangements, then passed the information (and the responsibility) to her.
Mummy called it. But hadn’t he been casual? So very casual—so cool.
“Hey, John,” Greg called out as he strode up the steps. He had a bag with wrapped gifts in one hand. “Merry Christmas!”
The nurse who had just been dismissed went into the staff room and emerged moments later with her coat. Not even pausing to put it on, she put her head down and dashed out the door, nearly hitting someone coming in.
Familiar… God. Where was he? Could he be… could it be? Was he finally, truly, back in London? He sat up and pressed his head to the window, keenly observing. Yes. It had to be. It looked right. It
The fastidious government man shuddered a bit as he peeled off the damp jeans—they were barely staying up as it was, he was so skeletally thin—but he was not about to say anything about why they were wet. It was hardly his brother’s fault, was it? And then—regretting it even as he reacted—he pulled back in horror at what he had just revealed under them. “Good God. How are you even alive?” he blurted out.
David looked up, then rose quickly. “Mr Holmes,” he greeted him, his even tone displaying not a bit of emotion, “your brother’s been out for a walk and been taken ill.”
I would not embarrass myself at a fine dinner, of course, for I have the sense to rely on the butler to have laid the silver in the order in which it was to be used and pouring the proper beverage into each glass. The job of the footman, also, was to whisk away the used dishes, so it was rather impossible to make an error. I also am, if I say so myself, quite adept in handling silver. I just could not, faced with such a formidable array as had greeted us at Mr. Harper’s home, actually name which one was the cake fork and which the oyster fork.
“Oh! Right. Here.” He handed over a pair in the size they had indicated (demanded) and scurried away.
All that holiday
“What else do you have?” I asked in a rather cavalier fashion. “You can hardly turn us in based on my admittedly boorish behaviour towards my wife.”
“Hullo, Watson,” he said quietly. “Brought your bulldogs, I see.”
“Right where I left you. Good job, Sherlock,” she called out as she entered a room Solomon had not been in before. He glanced around in bafflement before spotting him.
Christopher put a calming hand on her shoulder. “He… the only way I can describe it… God, Winifred. He tried to
“Here?” his assistant queried, glancing around herself.
“The sight of Miss Stoner’s injuries in particular seemed to distress you,” I remarked with some dread.
He motioned to Matilda to follow him out into the hallway.
“That is my intention,” I retorted, kissing his cheek in amusement. We lay quietly for a moment, and then something struck me.  “Sherlock, at some point I would like to hear about your resolution of the case,” I remarked.
“I am sorry. I have told you already. I told you that night.”
My friend is very, very ill.
“Goodness. Yes. Coincidence?”
I shall finish this and my drink and creep into our bed so that I can hold him and assure myself that he is well and will not allow him to go off on his own again.
He sulked at this, but I felt only a touch of chagrin. He was so very ridiculous sometimes. I did understand his point—very much so—but his example was, well… it was amusing.
“Libel,” Mr. Bloom murmured. “I
Over the years, there had been many nights when circumstances were exactly like this.
“I always recover eventually,” he pointed out, his voice rising slightly.
“And I must tell you, my love, that it is not at all unusual.”
“Ta. Sherlock picked the shirt.”
“Hm?” The younger man looked up from the wooden pieces he was examining. “Oh, no, John. Obviously not.”
He gave me a wicked, wicked smile that made me shudder from top to toe. He drew closer to me, his long arms wrapping around my waist. He looked directly into my eyes, and his voice was low and lovely as he brushed his lips against mine and uttered the most delicious words I have ever heard.
I ascended our stairs wearily. It was just about the time that Mrs. Hudson generally brought us tea, and I looked forward to it.
“You know perfectly well what these are,” I replied in an even tone. I was not going to rise to his deliberate antagonism. “You are running a great risk of me leaving again,” I added, almost nonchalantly. That did it.
“Lie back down,” she suggested, rising. He did so and was gratified when she carefully laid the cool, damp flannel on his forehead.
I took a good, deep drink of the cool drink I held. “No, it is fine,” I finally managed, “but I believe that I was under a misapprehension regarding the passing of your husband and child.”
They were going to try the CT scan again. When he arrived, the nurse had been told that apparently something had gone wrong with the equipment, making the anguish of the first attempt doubly distressing. All that for nothing? Solomon shook his head in aggravation before gently waking his patient.
“I do not suppose I have to tell you this, but I have been greatly concerned about you. You did warn me, I suppose, about these moods of yours, but I had no idea they were so severe. You should have told me.”
“The Bible verses?”
“So, he really
He put on his jacket and went for a walk.
“Fascinating?” Mr. Bloom echoed. I watched as he clutched convulsively at the napkin in his lap.
Mycroft, dressed and with wet, combed back hair, exited the room. When Winifred saw his suit, she seemed surprised. “You’re going to work?” she challenged.
He sighed.
I considered both the short time I lived there with Mary and my observations of Mrs. Hudson, and then it came to me. “Why, deliveries of groceries,” I exclaimed. “The butcher’s boy, the greengrocer, the dairymaid. If a household is reduced by half, the amount of food required should be equally reduced—it would be even more greatly diminished if the remaining inhabitants do not cook.”
Winifred’s eldest daughter was one of those—well, although she didn’t wear “The Hat,” she did rather obsess about him. She got alerts when there was any reference to him in the media. She collected and saved articles; photos. She even belonged to a club of sorts, run by someone who had apparently worked with the great but eccentric man.
After they ate, Sherlock got himself up from the table and walked slowly out of the room. Christopher followed quietly, letting him lead the way. Mycroft sat alone in his bedroom for a minute. It hardly looked like his bedroom anymore. There was a box of crayons and some blank paper on the dresser. There were stacks of books next to the sofa. His best dressing gown—the maroon one that his brother had used as a wall of his blanket fort—was now tossed on his bed, which was made up but rumpled from someone lying on top of the covers. He knew that Sherlock’s toothbrush and shampoo and deodorant, as well as a stack of clean towels and another of clean pants, cluttered the bathroom.
He obediently stood in the middle of the towel. He was clearly horribly uncomfortable, even bare, and seem disinclined to allow any part of his body to touch another—holding his arms away from his sides and with his legs spread slightly apart.
“He said ‘John.’” [Miss Directed]
“Oh, poor Mrs Hudson!”
Hold onto something
His driver considered this. “I get that,” he finally reluctantly agreed, “but he is
“Do you mean not a lady based on class, or manners?” I wondered.
“Tomorrow?” I repeated stupidly.
“Well, that’s true, actually—in a way, I mean.”
“So…” I considered, “having been present in his dining room a week prior, she saw her opportunity by either observing the broken window latch or breaking it herself, and made her rather bizarre offering in the hopes of winning his heart?”
I retreated to my own bedroom, my steps slow. My limbs felt heavy and my head hung in shame and anguish. I just stood there for a few moments, recalling Sherlock’s hurtful words over and over. He did not wish to be with me. He did not wish for me to kiss him or touch him. He did not want to hear about how he made me feel.
“Just one? Are you positive?” The young man looked taken aback. Then his eyes—still blown wide—began to flick back and forth, as if reading some sort of invisible text over the DL’s head. It gave his already odd looks a positively eerie character.
He truly injured himself last night. When they brought the supper he suddenly, with no warning, announced that he was departing for America—that very moment.
“Highest marks, John.” He smiled at me proudly.
We sat just like that for a while. I reached up and stroked his hair, free of any attempts at taming it, and rubbed my hand along his bony back. He sat quietly; I could feel his breath on my neck. Finally, I broke the silence. “I really am home again,” I assured him, “and I do know that you are truly sorry for what you said. Now, shall you help me to unpack?”
Christopher walked across the room and casually seated himself across from him, so he could observe his face. “What have you got there?” the nurse asked easily. “An atlas?”
“Not exactly, no.”
But he did.
And he was mine.
She hadn’t gone too far, had she? She really hadn’t thought of it that way.
Still later, as she sank gratefully into the hot bath, some lovely music playing from her mobile, she realised that the most shocking thing was that he was so…
didn’t?” her boss fumed. “It was hardly a failure on my part, either time. And now it doesn’t seem terribly necessary, does it? He’s clearly recovering from the head wound. You heard him earlier.”
Some readers will probably find my description of Miss Stoner’s bruised wrist—I can still see the distinct marks of the fingers and thumb in my mind’s eye—unseemly and unnecessarily shocking, but I stand by my decision to include such an intimate description of her condition.
So one night—it was a dark and stormy one, if I recall correctly, keeping us indoors with the fire blazing and the curtains closed tightly against drafts—I sat myself at my desk, took a few sheets of foolscap and a brand-new pen (a gift from Mrs Hudson), and simply began to write.
“And can I—will you allow me to ask—when did this happen?”
A shrug, and he dropped his eyes to John’s chest level.
“I am so sorry!” I burst out, and I meant it. What a horrible turn of events.
Under the influence of the drug, he became sluggish and malleable—Henry was able to get him into a clean vest and shirt, and wiped his face with a cloth. He put up no protest as I held a cup of tea to his lips—even his hands had not been heavily bandaged, he seemed now too weak to manage even that. And then—thankfully—he fell asleep.
“So, what is your proof?”
When Mycroft joined me earlier, he had been followed by the two largest attendants, and trailing behind them was the attendant we consider our friend—Henry.
I sighed. I knew that he was being sincere. I was certainly not the only target for his sharp tongue, and even when I warned him to be silent, he would inevitably say the worst, most inappropriate things—often to clients, or to members of the constabulary. This had never once ended well.
He was agitated when I returned from speaking with Mycroft this afternoon, demanding to know if I was “spying” on him for his brother.
Doctor?”
“Could you go on holiday somewhere where you can have rest and quiet and some company? Without your children and husband.”
He had stiffened when Mycroft first embraced him, but as his brother repeated his name, softly, he began to relax the slightest bit. “Come along, Sherlock,” he instructed softly. “Let’s get into the car.”
“You were at Baker Street?” he enquired as soon as I was let into our rooms by the attendant. “How is Mrs. Hudson?”
“Detective Inspectors never guess.”
“Scars are! Can I have an eye patch?”
“Can you go away for a while?” I inquired.
“I don’t know.”
Not a tear. No, of course she would not shed a tear.
“I see.”
He slid off my lap and followed me obediently into my bedroom. I turned and stood by the foot of my bed. “Now, here I am at the dining room table of Mr. Harper, counting the rather overly fussy plates. Where were you?”
“Sit down, Sherlock!” she insisted, watching in horror as he swayed in place. He was crouched in a defensive stance and was close to hyperventilating. “Solomon, get out!”
He is still pale, but he is always pale, and the injuries to his hands are, although still apparent (I have removed the bandaging but insist that he allow me to examine the wounds twice daily), healing.
It is not just a lethargy. It is a despair.
“Wait here,” I instructed quietly as I ducked through the adjoining door to my own bedroom and did likewise to myself. I left the door open, of course, and made random comments aloud as I undressed. I do not recall in the slightest of what I spoke. It did not matter that night, nor does it now. As soon as I was comfortable, I returned to him and with gentle tugs, drew him to the sitting room again.
“I did not intend for you to be angry. I truly didn’t. Please believe me,” he begged. “I do say thoughtless and cruel things sometimes. I cannot explain why. I know that I am being awful, but I cannot seem to stop myself.”
Christopher nodded enthusiastically. “Yeah, that
“But I am not a cat, and you are not Mrs. Hudson.”
“Excuse me?” I stammered, sounding like an idiot. I was completely shocked, even as I absorbed the physical similarities between the two men.
David and Malcolm looked at each other and nodded. David could easily carry him if necessary, but the scowl on the younger brother’s face made it clear that he intended to attempt to make it under his own power—more or less.
as I had so long desired.
No, not him. With her.
stay still
“What was it?” I cried a bit impatiently. I was beginning to imagine all sorts of horrid things—that she was ill, or in trouble, or perhaps even a criminal.
I know that I should try to sleep a bit. Henry has already indicated that he will keep watch. He has claimed one of the side chairs by the fire. It is not comfortable enough that he risks falling asleep, he explained. He will also keep the fire lively and the candles lit. I am so exhausted that I am certain that the light will not keep me awake.
He thought for a few seconds. “Perhaps this will suffice.” He moved so he was in sight of the one good eye. “Sherlock,” he said firmly. “Hydrogen.”
Today was not a bit different that I can determine. I am at a loss as to explain what occurred just a few hours ago.
“That was not my point.”
“Could you give me a few moments with my brother—alone?”
“I cannot… continue breathing. I cannot bear… one more second of life. I cannot continue. I wish for it all to stop.”
How had he known which car was his?
“Pодной брат…
He seemed so suddenly (and even with their brief acquaintance Greg realised it was uncharacteristically as well) unsure of himself that it made the older man uneasy. He shook his head. “No. What you need to do is get something to eat, find a place to sleep, and get a warmer coat.”
“He is an addict; he’s drug-resistant. Up his dose—
“So, you wish for Belinda to remain?” I clarified, resuming my rubbing.
“If it will keep him safe, I certainly hope so.”
“Oh, yes. It turned out to be a bit mundane, really.” He seemed a bit downcast.
were about to suggest a connection between what they found under their trees and the black sheep of the family.”
“That feels very nice,” he admitted shyly. “You were correct. I was feeling agitated earlier, but now I am quite calm.”
Stop that, Mycroft told himself. That sort of comparison wasn’t useful to anyone.
She glanced at him, then at the used hypodermic she had tossed onto the table. She hated—absolutely hated—having to use it on him, but he could do himself serious injury reacting the way he had. It was the fastest way to calm him down. She had not mentioned it to his brother, but she (and all the nurses who would be caring for him) carried a capped syringe at all times.
“I apologise. Please continue. Were there other irregularities?”
“What were you doing while you were away?” Sherlock startled me by asking after some time.
“Our father? Did he ask for Dad… or Daddy?”
. He was wearing his brother’s pyjamas and deodorant and sitting on the sofa in his bedroom (and how pretentious was that—having a bedroom large enough for a desk
“I was quite discreet, John,” he assured me before I could even ask. “I actually inquired about you.”
“One of the books he chose.” It had happened so quickly that she had been unable to prevent it, but after they had restrained him, and she had reluctantly injected him with the powerful tranquiliser, she had retrieved the book that he had been reading—the first book he had hurled across the room with surprising vigour. She had picked up all the others as well, quietly re-stacking them next to the sofa, but that one she had put on the table, cover down, and placed some papers over it. Now she retrieved it and handed it to the tall man.
She smiled. “Yes, indeed. It’s a new receipt. I am always on the lookout for anything with lemon or lime for him… Fortunately, I baked them last evening. Since this morning, I have not had the heart to do more with the stove than make the coffee. I’ve got some nice tongue and a cold joint for you later.”
A name.
“However, as I have discerned during my years of investigating crimes,
“I am a weak man,” I offered.
He had bellowed back angrily—if Mycroft used his imagination it could possibly have been the words “bad” and “injections” and “hurts,” but he wasn’t entirely sure—each word being spoken with great effort but in a different language, and none of them English. His split and swollen lip was not helping his ability to articulate, either.
I watched as the elder brother walked slowly past us and to the door. He seemed to have aged ten years in our short time together. He knocked at the door to be released. Whoever was in the corridor—I presumed it was one of the attendants—unlocked and cautiously opened it. Mycroft paused and turned back to us, and his words astonished both of us.
He considered my question quite seriously, nodding. “I’m afraid I did—not intentionally, but I lost my balance and fell back at one point.”
John had helped with the washing up and then they saw her out—she was headed to her sister’s to spend the night and Christmas Day.
He fell silent and watched as the thin man still seated at his knee considered this and then slowly shook his head. “I just can’t, John,” he admitted, his voice rough. “I can’t remember how.”
I was confounded. I admit it. I had no idea that it was this thought that had him so distressed. My mouth fell open in shock, and then snapped shut. My poor, confused sweetheart. How could he possibly think that he could ever—
Sherlock took a deep, shuddering breath, his lower lip (which in addition to being split and swollen was horribly chapped) trembling.
He took a deep breath. “John, you must promise that this story goes no further than this room.”
That was for Sherlock’s Daddy to do, and at that moment, Mycroft Holmes was uncharacteristically puzzled over how to reunite the two.
“Yes.” Damn. He didn’t want to explain. “‘Daddy’ is Sherlock’s stepfather, in a way.”
And I certainly had a rich source of material—currently sitting on a high stool at his table of chemicals, using a pipette to add a blue liquid to a beaker of something an unappetizing shade of green (did it just move on its own? He is not leaving that vile stuff sitting there when he is done). My ridiculous man.
“Our urges for one another are not normal,” he stated flatly.
We did not discuss vipers. Nor stepfathers.
“This is Matilda,” Christopher explained. “She’s going to be taking care of you for a bit, all right? You’ll behave for her, won’t you?”
Mycroft assisted his brother in completing his own packing—he would get distracted so constantly, and change his mind about what he would take so often—that he couldn’t make any more progress.
He whimpered and shook his head.
John frowned. That was not at all what he had been expecting. “Really? That’s... that’s actually rather fascinating, Sherlock,” he admitted. “Any deductions as to the reason?”
“Are you certain?”
Whether Mycroft noted this before I did, I do not know. He most certainly did not comment on it. And then, unfortunately, it became a moot point.
Whatever the reason, I cannot deny that it felt marvellous.
The dark-haired man rubbed his still-swollen eye and frowned in the direction of the table.
on the telly. Finally, John had yawned and stumbled to bed, poking a dozing Sherlock on his way to encourage him to relocate from the sofa before he got a crick in his neck.
“You know I cannot and would not do that,” I responded honestly.
“Oh, yes, of course, but a proper lady’s maid must be capable of tending to her mistress’s needs, and at the end, in particular, when she was quite frail, I was often called upon to make something nourishing at odd hours. I was fortunate to have experience in the kitchen from my prior work… goodness, Doctor Watson. I am going on and on about myself when I should be working.”
“As much time as you can bear. I do not wish for you to become ill yourself, Doctor—and I do know how much care my brother will need.”
“And you were unable to quell those feelings simply because sometimes… biological needs overcome intellectual pursuits?”
“I’m Lilly,” she supplied. “I know you’ve had a lot of nurses in to take care of you. I’m the newest, that’s all. What are you up to?”
But they had.
“What’s the matter?” she asked gently. “Do you need something?”
“Wh… oh, yeah. That’s it. Thanks,” she replied, also making a point of staring intently at the monitor.
He was lovely—even with the scars and healing wounds and emaciation (he had actually been
He considered this and nodded, and shortly after she had gotten the tablets and some water into him, he began to look sleepy.
“Yes. Oh. And there you were, knelt down and your mouth inches from my… from me.”
And then his mouth ran away with him, as it usually did. The deductions had nothing to do with the attraction he was feeling. He couldn’t help it. Unlike his brother, he couldn’t turn it off, and, he had learned about himself very early on, if he didn’t say something—if he didn’t speak the words aloud—well, he had no idea what would happen. He never
I smiled and explained to her my current desire for a refreshing drink. I assured her that I was not hungry, and would be fine waiting to share a cold supper later, whenever “his nibs” should grace us with his presence.
I nodded. I did understand. “And I will be with him at all times?”
Through the glass.
“Doctor Watson,” Henry offered in a low voice, “does he require something to calm him?”
“No.”
I had actually been sleeping very lightly before I heard the bell. As Sherlock lay next to me, deeply asleep and breathing slowly and evenly, I had had the most lovely, delicious dream about my sweetheart. We were out in the country somewhere and having a picnic when suddenly—in the way that dreams have of making these things seem perfectly logical—a small pond appeared. And just as suddenly, Sherlock and I were both bare, innocent of every stitch, and my love was laughing and beckoning for me to follow him as he walked himself backwards into the water.
“He actually got some sleep last night—I sent him to the guest room, but he had to go into his office quite early—something terribly important from what I could gather.”
She had known Sherlock before, of course. He had attended various dinner parties and official events over the years in addition to less formal family gatherings, and of course occasionally visited his brother’s private home office on official—and secretive—state business. During those visits, the detective had been impossible—brittle, sarcastic, keen, scornful, and usually outright defiant. The more his brother tried to rein him in, the worse he got. Nearly every visit ended with shouting.
“Slight… problem with that,” the pale young man admitted, sniffing (Greg dug tissues from his glove box and received a nod of thanks).
“You are such a dear man,” she murmured. “But do not concern yourself. I mourned them in my heart, but I did what I had to do to make my way. Sometimes I feel that Mr. Hudson in particular would be proud of the way I have managed.”
“And you have been accomplishing all of this by yourself for how many years? Mrs Hudson, you are a positive saint.”
“I missed this,” I admitted when I had calmed myself.
“Goodness,” I remarked at this impropriety.
On the fourth day, he requested and drank a cup of tea.
He was utterly determined to strike out for New York. His thinking is so disordered that he did not have a bag or even any warm travelling clothes, but he seemed to believe himself prepared for the journey.
“I am taking you where you need to go,” his brother cleverly demurred, and in his addled, childlike state, Sherlock accepted this assurance—for a bit.
He shook his head, speechless.
I had to laugh at his earnestness.
And sometimes it was even more frightening. He must have been very, very wicked because the grown-ups in his head were so angry that they shouted and they hit him and they cut him and they… was it real? Had those things somehow really happened? Because if they had, then someone very bad had done something very,
“I’ll have your phone here in an hour,” she added. “Laptop’s going to take a bit more time.” He scowled at her and tapped a rhythm on the table with his fingers. Anthea gave him a wicked smile. “Yes, of course I’m getting you top of the line and no, your brother did not approve it.”
To hear him complain about how dull the criminals were.
The door to Sherlock’s bedroom was now closed, I noted. I was truly uncomfortable and alarmed. Sherlock was in no condition to defend himself if this were any kind of attack—even if just a cerebral one—for I heard only the lowest of murmurs of voices.
“Yes, I can see that. Aren’t you cold?” He glanced around, then rose and retrieved the soft blanket that had made its home in front of the fireplace since his brother’s arrival. “Here.” He draped it carefully over the scarred shoulders. “Where’s… oh.”
I was startled by the sight of my friend, clad now in a dressing gown, being propelled into the sitting room by his brother’s hand on his elbow. He walked unsteadily, his head down, and allowed the older man to escort him to his favourite chair. He immediately curled up in it, his legs drawn up and his arms around them, hiding his face on his knees as he so often did.
“Oh, please,” the nurse begged. “Just a little.”
“I cannot deny that, but surely I am not the only husband who cannot tell a radish from a rose.” I earned a sly smile from Sherlock at this nicety.
He felt the edge of the mattress—the side where the fabric was—being lifted up, and then Victor was rummaging about.
I wish to make myself completely clear—I absolutely do not mean this information to be taken as an admonishment nor an insult. As a medical doctor and a writer, I am certain that you are well educated about a great variety of subjects as they pertain to Mankind. Mr. Holmes seems rather more haphazard and specialised in his knowledge, as you noted in your very first story. Neither of you has ever claimed to be more than nominally knowledgeable about domestic animals, and about exotic beasts not at all (beyond Mr. Holmes’ thorough acquaintance with the differing venoms produced by them).
Mrs Parker nearly giggled. Mycroft Holmes go to work in a suit from last season, sans waistcoat and with the top button of the shirt undone? England would fall.
She was accustomed now to the great effort the older brother put into not revealing his emotions. The slender and observant man with the penetrating gaze and stiff posture was clearly holding himself back—preventing himself from reacting in any overt emotional way to his brother’s condition. He was more adept at it at other times, but now, probably due to fatigue (which he was also fighting to hide), he did betray himself. He glanced at the book that had been put in his hand and—Winifred did an admirable job of not revealing her own surprise—he winced.
“Hurt me,” he whimpered.
Who had he been looking for?
“What was that, my love?” Winifred inquired, covering up her surprise that their patient had attempted to speak.
,” my angel murmured. “And I am certain you would not steal, nor use... unladylike language.”
“In what way?” the government man asked in some alarm.
Then he shifted again, letting his head fall back onto the headrest, and the world-weary, somewhat amused, somewhat bored expression returned. “See?”
“On… here…?”
“We don’t want to give him anything to calm him or treat his pain until we know how extensive the head injury is; his overall condition,” the neurologist explained. “It would probably help if you talked to him.”
“That is perfect,” I commended him. “Now, stay still.”
Mycroft Holmes was not accustomed to feeling guilty, but there it was.
What?
He grimaced but methodically took some scrapings from under the nearly black fingernails and a few swabs from his face and hands, Sherlock staring at the cotton buds in confusion and fascination, not wincing as he gingerly prodded at the shredded knuckles on both once-elegant hands.
“That’s right—that’s north!” the housekeeper commented. “That’s marvellous.”
He would never find John unless he got away from them.
“I mean that if someone commits a crime and escapes the country in the night to avoid persecution, that is usually done suddenly and without premeditation. If someone emigrates to make his fortune in the gold mines or the railroads, or whatever it is they do in America, they probably have thought about it at least a bit before striking out. What you have proposed is neither.”
The doctor examined it. “Do you use cello tape at all?” he wondered. Despite his steady surgeon’s hands, his attempts at gift wrapping seemed to use miles of the stuff.
Mrs Hudson had had enough by that evening. She had been constantly interrupted answering the bell, as Sherlock had made it abundantly clear that morning that he was not even slightly inclined to do so himself—and had dismantled their bell, which John didn’t realise until that night.
What had gone through his head when he was up on that roof?
“I...” Mrs. Bloom paused, gathering her thoughts. It was time to unsheathe her last weapon. She took a deep breath, glanced around us (the dining room had thinned out considerably), and nodded firmly. She had decided to play her ace. “Mrs. Watson shared with me your lack of attention to the marriage bed, and your inability to satisfy your ultimate responsibilities as a husband.”
“It’s lovely. Thank you.”
John stared dismally at the contents of the cupboard. He turned to the fridge and was equally uninspired. He had fully intended to bring a packed lunch to work, but nothing seemed terribly portable.
The book open in his lap had some ripping photos of snakes. He liked the photos. They didn’t move. He liked snakes, but he didn’t like the way they moved sometimes. It reminded him of something, and it frightened him.
They returned to the sitting room and observed the reason for the silence.
This had not been the plan. Sherlock was supposed to fake his death (which had been, relatively speaking, easy-peasy), head deep undercover, and sweep Moriarty’s spider webs away from the furthest corners of the world.
Mycroft would never admit it to anyone, but as he changed into his own elegant silk pyjamas, his hands shook.
He shook his head.
“I’ll deal with this,” he indicated to the constable, who nodded and moved a few steps away, shaking her head in annoyance. He turned his attention to the interloper.
We ascended to our rooms shortly before ten o’clock, and although he is well on the road to recovery, I did insist that he have his milk and then encouraged him to change his clothes and ready himself for sleep. He asked me something at that point that even now I hesitate to record, but as it is only my eyes that will ever see these sheets, I will put this down.
“Tea?”
“I’ll do that,” the elder brother had murmured, gesturing for the orange the nurse held. He peeled and segmented it carefully, being sure to remove as much of the pith as he could. His brother detested stringy food. He arranged the segments neatly on the small dish his housekeeper had placed on the table and slid it across the table.
nothing to say now
“I’m so sorry that strangers hurt you, love, but you’re safe now.”
pot for the soup—and there it is—well, you can see for yourself.”
Once he got him warmly dressed, and hopefully calmer, Dave was going to make a very close study of the notes left by each caretaker. The scars on the thin body were horrifying, and the one on the man’s leg—which had apparently been the trigger for his being taken ill—was heart breaking.
“It’s… I just wanted to let you know that it doesn’t
“Then, when I explained this to you, you became quite angry with me.”
Another evening which I do not wish to remember.
Mycroft was impressed as his brother, pushing the helpful hand aside, shakily managed to get himself to the table.
Yeah, that actually did make sense—but had he gotten that— “deduced” it, as he rather pompously declared—from a few stories in the newspaper, one corpse, and one ring?
Where had Victor gone?
Christopher snorted. “Probably. He’s the most uptight wanker I’ve ever seen. Walks around like he’s got an umbrella shoved up his—”
“He did allude to sometimes getting ‘in the dumps’ when we first met, but this is the first time that I have observed it.”
Hands on his shoulders prevented him from tumbling onto his face and he found himself sitting on the sofa. He could feel his heart pounding and he was having a hard time catching his breath—why? What had happened? He had been… what had he been doing?
“Amazing. Brilliant.”
She must be an athletic lady, I realised, to do that at all. So, what had occurred?
his doctor
“I should have thought to remove them first,” he admitted, accepting the bar of Pears’ soap that I offered.
“What’s wrong with what I’m wearing?”
Mummy? Dad? No—they had given up fighting his food preferences since… well, since before he could remember.
How had she done it? Had she somehow clambered in through the window with the plates; the crystal? No, that seemed unlikely. The height of the sill from the ground would have made it challenging for someone to lift themselves up, let alone hampered by skirts.
“No one’s going to hurt you,” she assured him.
Christmas Day had been punctuated with calls, mainly on John’s phone, including one from Greg Lestrade. He sounded a bit muzzy and subdued.
“Has he been?” I prompted. I sensed that he had finally backed Mrs. Bloom into the corner he had planned for her. Our interview was nearly over.
A servant brought up a tray a while ago, with supper for myself and Henry. I ate in order to sustain myself and now, although it was just a few hours past, I do not recall what it was that I consumed. I have sent instructions back to the kitchen—he will need a nourishing but bland breakfast.
“That would make for a somewhat uncomfortable dining experience,” he remarked cheekily. He knelt to examine the odd decoration more closely, and in doing so, unintentionally also brought his face very close to—well—there he was, on his knees in front of me. That image—his eager, keen expression; his grin of excitement; his long white fingers as they reached out—
“Of course, I am aware. It won’t interfere,” he replied confidently.
The older nurse scowled and shook her head. “No. His panic attacks are always triggered by
Well, his eye was still a bit of a mess and he did have that rather nasty wound on his temple. Hum. His hands were not exactly pristine, either—all of the knuckles were healing, but still visibly bruised and split. He licked his lips; they were split and chapped.
“Yes. I showed her that I had marked several pages, and I said that she could try any of the dishes she wished. And that was when she… she stepped back, away from me, and her face grew very flushed. I asked her what was upsetting her, but she could not even raise her eyes to look at me, let alone tell me. I realised, of course, that this was not simply a servant shirking her duty. But, like a dullard, I did not comprehend the reason for her distress. I thought that perhaps she was not as confident in her own abilities as I was. ‘None of the dishes seem overly complicated,’ I told her. ‘You may order what you will need. None of it is too dear.’” She stopped, pressing her lips together.
Now he sighed and I stifled a laugh—he sounded so very put out.
“It’s too early to say, but he seems a little better every day. So, there’s every chance.”
“Sometimes when I am writing I lose all track of time,” I admitted, and he smiled at me.
“And we had a lovely, lovely afternoon. They rented bathing costumes and had quite a time in the waves. I even waded out a bit,” she admitted.
Sherlock nodded emphatically.
It was some seconds before I heard the familiar footsteps of my darling as he strode back to the house along the gravel pathway that I had used to effect my escape.
“It also explains how the houses were chosen for the ‘gifts,’” Lestrade added. “All relatives of the victims. None of
It happened that first time I had you in my car, you wanker,
“Sherlock, this is fantastic!” He carefully extracted a smooth wooden hinged case from its lightweight cardboard box. Placing it on his knees, he undid the clasp and opened the elegant wooden and leather backgammon set. He ran his fingers over the pieces. “Really beautiful. Thank you.” He received a solemn nod. “Now mine.” He slipped it from beside his chair and leaned forward to hand it to his mate. He grinned and sat back.
Both Christopher and Matilda jumped at the unexpected appearance of “the brother.”
I took the cloth, and I began to clean the very last of him. “Did you actually
“I agree with your deduction that he is entertaining a mysterious visitor, but that does not mean that his paramour is a man. He would have to be equally discreet for a lady friend.”
I nodded.
The boy nodded eagerly.
“He’s criticised the curtains, the wallpaper, my eel pie, and the new style of hat. Every time I go up there, he’s just lying on those cushions in front of the fire, smoking his pipe and complaining.” Her tone was a bit sharp.
“You... did not pursue your medical practice with any sense of urgency.”
“No,” he admitted. I could actually see his brain working; reviewing his wardrobe—for despite his decidedly Bohemian approach when in the privacy of our home, every single garment that he wore outside of our rooms was respectable, sedate, correct. Even when travelling in the country, his tweeds and boots somehow looked more—dignified, I suppose—than mine. Finally, he responded. “I have remarked more than once on your taste in clothing—and music—and novels—and all sorts of things, John, but it was just to remark on them. I never once meant to be insulting. I
This time it was different, though. It read:
I did not respond, but stared dismally into my empty tea cup. It was of a fine and extremely delicate china. We could not currently use such things with Sherlock. In our rooms we were served on earthenware and wooden plates and bowls and nothing on the menu required the use of anything more dangerous than a butter knife.
“You’ve been working non-stop ‘round the clock for a week. It’s all right,” Benjamin assured her.
However, I realise now my error, and I fear that it may have repercussions for you, far more than for me. I suspect that you will be hearing this from others, as well, but I wished to reach out to you with my apologies.
Even somewhat prepared, though, he felt his stomach drop as he rapidly scanned the dozen or so crayoned images. “My God,” he finally exhaled, putting the stack face-down on the table. “Should we show Mr Holmes?”
“Not all of it. There are references I find useful to The Work.”
“He drugged you and tried to escape,” Mycroft summed up efficiently. “He is now livid, locked in his room, and most assuredly injuring himself. I am loath to say this, but perhaps he requires some assistance calming down?”
“I mean he has not been seen anywhere near his college.”
“What details?” he demanded suspiciously. His tone encouraged me; his brother had hit on a weakness.
. I refer, as you might have discerned, to the letter you addressed to my friend here.”
“I’m not sure what you mean, love, but I do get the bedtime part. I’ll just leave the tray for morning, shall I?”
“Those things—those behaviours of ours—the way you treat my headaches, and my illnesses, and how we sometimes attire ourselves when we are alone—those are not typical behaviours for most men sharing diggings, are they?”
“And the electric?”
“Thank you, Belinda,” I told her, sincerely.
It was still fairly early when someone buzzed the house from the gate; it was the nurse who would be relieving Winifred. Mrs Parker examined him carefully in the small image from the security camera before him buzzing him in. His name was Solomon. He was nearly as tall as Sherlock, obviously worked out, and had flawless dark skin and dark brown, expressive eyes. He reminded her of someone—some film actor. Not that she watched many contemporary films, but she was aware of various celebrities, mainly because they tended to be security risks. She showed him upstairs.
How would he explain that—to Mummy? To Dad? To Dr John Watson?
Then the problem of the lack of interesting cases had been solved by a rather grisly series of crimes, and he began to observe the detective occasionally pausing while examining a crime scene and, just for a moment, focusing on the ornaments or holly branches or fairy lights, a thoughtful if somewhat puzzled expression on his face.
“Behave yourself,” the doctor instructed. “Here. This is from me.”
“Can you try?”
He tensed a bit as the large man knelt next to the sofa and gently spoke his brother’s name. Smart, not touching him, he noted. Sherlock opened his eyes and frowned.
Damn. His balance
“Do not mistake me—you do anger me sometimes. You hurt me with your sharp tongue and your dreadful, harmful habits. But please understand that even if I go away, I will always—always—return. I love you so very, very much, Sherlock.”
“Yes. Good.”
“Yeah—let him eat whatever he likes and don’t force him if he’s not interested—he’ll flip out or it just comes back up—he’s got some pre-existing food issues, according to the brother.”
“The Adventure of the Musgrave Ritual”
“I merely wished to ascertain what, precisely, your wife meant by the word ‘moral’ as applied to herself.”
“I’m sorry about this,” he remarked to the nurse. “He has absolutely no sense of modesty.”
“Sometimes.”
Without taking his eyes off me, he slowly let first one leg and then the other slide to the floor. He rose and approached me cautiously; finally standing in front of me.
“Time to start checking his bolt holes,” the government man explained tiredly.
However, one of these small monkeys could, with patience, most certainly be trained to crawl through the ventilator and down the bell-rope, and to return at the sound of a whistle. Their long tails, glimpsed in the sudden and blinding light as was struck by Mr. Holmes, could be mistaken for that of a snake. And what is most horrific is that the monkey, with its dexterity, could be trained to inject a hypodermic needle full of poison extracted from the deadly viper into the sleeping body of whomever had the misfortune of lying in that bed.
He frowned at her, not upset, but puzzled. “Mummy?”
“It is not overly painful,” he replied. I could tell that he was struggling to keep his voice firm and even.
Sherlock apparently believed that his brother had come to “see us off” and so was perfectly amenable to all three of us getting into a brougham with our bags. I had, at one point, dashed down to explain to Mrs. Hudson what was occurring, so she saw us off, stating quite honestly that she would be delighted to take the opportunity to give our rooms a good cleaning and Sherlock of course objecting to disturbing his “dust index.” I had promised her that I would send regular letters.
Oh, he could be amusing! Because, of course, he was exactly right. Puffing to keep my pipe going, I retrieved my book and made myself comfortable in my chair—the cushion crinkled.
“Got it. And Mrs Parker’ll be back from the cinema soon enough. He usually behaves for her.”
“Then why not go to bed? You could sleep in the room next door.”
“No. It’s mine. Mother gave it to me after you went away to school.”
“It is not the same thing, is it?” he asked over the rushing of the water.
Day 8—Tuesday, 9:23 a.m.
He frowned, and both Greg and John tensed a bit, awaiting his reaction. Then, to their great relief, the frown turned from one of annoyance to one of puzzlement. “Police Case,” he read from the label. And then his puzzlement turned to amazement. “It’s… got handcuffs! Look, Daddy—it’s got handcuffs and a whistle and a torch!”
‘Lock, startled by Mycroft’s outcry, whimpered and pulled back from him. Was he in trouble after all? He hadn’t meant to. Where was Daddy? Daddy wouldn’t shout at him.
So, number three it was, and I put a notice on our front door stating that the position had been filled. I was getting a bit tired of running down the stairs at the sound of the bell.
I have said that I laid out the “final problem” as it occurred, and I did—well, other than not supplying the real name of our nemesis (there is no Professor Moriarty, per se—I selected that name on Sherlock’s suggestion—some tutor of his childhood for whom he had an intense dislike). What I quite obviously did and could not do was to reveal the actual contents of Sherlock’s final letter to me. I have it still and enclose it with the manuscript. I have no need of reading it again; I have over the years memorised it.
The manor-house has been sold and what an immense weight was taken from my shoulders when that occurred.
And then, more often than not, sliding into blessed oblivion.
He shook his head even as it rested against me.
“Come on, love,” she tried again. “Come out from there.”
The nurse, who had stepped out of the room for a moment during their visit, returned with more papers in his hand. “Is that enough for now?” he asked, looking down at his patient. “Why not put your things away and get washed up?”
My heart sank. “Oh, Sherlock, what did you
I was even more surprised when the door separating our sitting room from the hallway opened—no one had knocked. I rose hurriedly, dropping my journal, alarmed at this intrusion.
wanted
“Dino... what?”
I admit now that I have no idea to what we listened, nor of my own reaction to it. I was focused so much more on my companion. I would glance over at him furtively, to view his unique profile in the dim gaslight.
“Well, we’ll just have to get him well,” she stated firmly. “Sherlock, do you want more toast?”
“Well, a
She shook her head quite vehemently. “You know how those agencies work. I do not object to paying a fee for their services, but those poor girls should not have to pay one, too. How are they supposed to pay a fee when they are seeking wages?”
“Sit here with me,” I invited—I honestly had no idea what was going to come out of my mouth until it did.
She was pleased when the thin man nodded contritely. A firm hand—that’s all he needed.
“Sorry. He means he was happy to help. Sherlock, shut it—
He stood up and…
“No...” She looked desperately at John for assistance.
“Sherlock!
“I am also not what anyone in their right mind would call a ‘normal’ man. I am brusque and intrusive. I focus on science over sentiment. I blatantly disregard human feelings for the sake of facts whilst being victim of horrid turns of my own… of my… you know.”
He caught a glimpse of the book cover:
“It was a long time ago,” he began, and I tightened my embrace. “And even Mycroft does not know all—he was away at school for a great deal of it—although he deduced what had been occurring when he came home for the holidays.” I waited as he paused, gathering his resolve. “My father was an intelligent man, and he had enough self-control to not create any new marks when he knew my brother would soon be home.”
I realise now that the fact that I was, actually, in bed with him and embracing him, a bit prescient, but at the time, we were truly just friends. It did not concern me. I was also (am also) a doctor with experience with this sort of thing and he was, in my eyes, a patient. It might seem a bit peculiar, but what else was I to do? There was no medicine with which I could dose him. No number of cold, wet cloths would help. There was nothing to stitch; nothing to bandage.
“Just as we affirmed to Mrs. Bloom about ourselves, there is no tangible proof,” he explained in some frustration. “But I am not mistaken in his interest in... others like himself.”
“Precisely. So, I marked a few of the recipes of interest and rang the bell. I find that very odd,” she remarked thoughtfully. “I have never in my life had someone for whom to ring, and now I find myself quite dependent upon her for the some of the smallest of things.” I believe she would have blushed decorously if she had been capable of managing that upon command, but our indominable friend is far too pragmatic about the more—well—the realities of life to be so ridiculously modest. How many times has she—a woman who was married and a mother—dealt with the more private functions of life? How many times has she changed the sheets on Sherlock’s bed, bearing evidence of either violence or
“Sherlock,” I continued, “what are you usually doing when you kneel before me?”
No. He didn’t want to lose this. He wanted to stay in the moment. He needed something to help him focus. He had a fleeting memory—more like the faintest breeze—of someone playing the piano. Who had that been?
I had little appetite for breakfast, but I did partake of more than one cup of coffee, and then tried to settle myself to reading a medical journal.
“He said that he did not wish to be with me at present.”
He tried to object. He tried to say something. He tried to pull his legs away from the burly man, but whatever he had taken had made him horribly uncoordinated. His reflexes didn’t seem to be working quite right. He felt a touch on his one free ankle now, but by the time he attempted to kick with it, or pull away, or anything, it was too late.
Enough food for two people. I turned it over and over in my mind. Food enough for two people. No servants. “There is someone else eating in the house with Mr. Bloom when his wife is absent.”
anything about us, but what if that turns out to be an insufficient deterrent? What if she goes to the authorities or makes a public declaration of her suspicions? The accusation alone would lead to an investigation, would it not? And then who is to know what evidence some dogged prosecutor would turn up? Are the Blooms still a threat to our freedom and safety?”
This hit me so very hard I sat back in my chair, stunned. 1878? Sherlock and I had moved into our rooms in 1881. It had happened—it had all happened—so much more recently than I had realised.
“Do they?” he demanded.
“No. Of course not. Why?” he had wondered back.
“I am not a student of human nature as you are,” he replied carefully, “but I suspect that she did indeed choose it purposely.”
“Do you suppose they’re all… uh… real?”
“I’m sorry. I don’t understand what you want.” He hated telling him that—it was a lie, of course, but he wanted to encourage the younger man to speak. Sherlock made an impatient, frustrated noise in his throat and roughly thrust his hands out, causing the older brother’s own hands and the paper to hit him in the chest. “All right. Yes. I’ll keep it until I can figure out what you need.”
That Sherlock and I did share diggings, as we had before my marriage, was also an undeniable—and nonincriminating—fact.
He hung his head so low I could not see his beautiful features.
“I apologise for the disturbance,” the older man replied smoothly. “Go back to your desks.”
“Did he tell you what happened to him?”
“Army?” I echoed.
I was quite angry with him all day—but I was, I admit, equally concerned. We still knew so little about the affair—this morning, that is. I distracted myself with paying some bills and other rather dull tasks, but I admit that I also looked up the train schedule so I could possibly anticipate the time of his return.
“What do you mean?” Solomon asked guilelessly. He had just arrived to discover them in the guest room. “My mum would be horrified to see what he’s having for breakfast.”
It was not the first time the younger brother, with his wild, dark curls and intense eyes, had required it.
“Purchasing gifts for your wife, your lover, and his partner at the same time.”
Greg nodded and picked up two of the mugs of hot chocolate. “He’s being very quiet,” he noted.
fumes
“You will shout at me. Mrs Hudson shouted at me from downstairs. She said I was to remain in our rooms until you returned.”
“What on earth is wrong with it? It’s a perfectly lovely meal.”
“He could probably do with some sleep, now,” Mrs Parker noted. “And he needs to wash up a bit.”
But I was also keenly aware that he was correct on his other point—the heat did not, generally, bother me overmuch.
“It’s an A to Zed map of London,” John explained as Greg craned his head, attempting to see. “A thousand pieces.”
“But you
His brows drew down and his frown made me laugh.
Dr. John Watson—
“You were being deliberately cruel!”
“You are a great idiot. Left arm, please.” I continued scrubbing him, perhaps a bit more firmly than was entirely necessary. I took a good look at his hand. “Wait one moment.” I dashed out of the bath-room and into his bedroom to retrieve his nail-brush, waving it triumphantly when I returned. “Go on,” I prodded as I began to clean the fingernails of his left hand.
“Sherlock,” his brother said, keeping his voice calm, “where are you going?”
In our rooms earlier, over strong cups of coffee, Mr. Harper had explained that when he, a bachelor, had risen that morning, he had had no idea of what was awaiting him downstairs. As was his habit, he had dressed for his office (he was some sort of lawyer) and then descended to the dining room for breakfast. The young woman who “did” for him, as he explained, would bring him his breakfast on a tray when he seated himself, much as our landlady does for us. As she organised the dishes she would need for his breakfast before she left each evening, to save herself time in the morning, she had no reason to be in the dining room before then. So, it was our new acquaintance who had discovered the decidedly unusual “gift” spread out on the gleaming table.
“If my brother sends me away, there is no ‘we’.”
He suddenly sprang up and, walking swiftly to the door, locked it before lowering the lamp. By necessity we would now be sitting in the gathering darkness, so as to observe Miss Stoner’s window without being observed ourselves.
“Sherlock picked them,” John offered. Greg’s eyebrows shot up in surprise, and the doctor gave him a meaningful look. “Now,” he mouthed.
Finally, snakes do not drink milk. Monkeys do not, either—I am still somewhat at a loss to explain the presence of that bowl in my stepfather’s bedroom, but now believe that it was the remains of a soothing dish of bread and milk—my stepfather, likely due to his own temperament, frequently suffered from stomach pain, and such a dish would be calming. As the housekeeper left her position the day after my stepfather’s funeral, I did not have the opportunity to inquire.
I shook my head, opened my book, and began to read. Then next one was tucked at the end of the second chapter I completed.
“Something’s up, sir,” the driver had reported as soon as he had entered the security code that would open the gate and eased the car onto the driveway. He indicated a small group of people gathered near the outer wall.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” my darling called out. He was standing by the fireplace, fiddling with his pipe as she arrived with a covered tray.
He is—thankfully—sleeping. I know that it is only the dreams of morphia—but he is resting both body and mind. He has been mostly still since we dosed him. He was sick once, as he so often is when under the influence of laudanum, but has had so little to eat or even drink that he brought up little.
mousy hair white coat no
[John’s response:
The nurse she had buzzed in (and of course let into the house via the outside door with the metal detector concealed in the frame) was a sturdily built woman with an accent from somewhere in the north.
I considered this. “Well, in this particular case, to be perfectly honest, I was—well—I had had a very pleasant—very stimulating—dream, and when I awoke I was quite excited, but as you recall we had but a few minutes to dress ourselves and attend to our client.”
“Speh-shul bedtime,” he offered.
He is so unaware of his state at times. He has admitted to me, more than once and beginning very early on in our life together, that he is ineffective to the point of neglect when it came to discerning his own condition. At that time, he claimed that he was actually unable to identify those feelings in himself, but I now believe that that is not entirely true. I believe that he is aware of his body’s signals to eat; to drink; to sleep. but simply chooses to ignore the shivering limbs and aching head. At those times, it is only his iron will that allows him to continue moving and speaking. More than once I have barely been able to catch him as he finally and unexpectedly succumbs to the rigor of his existence and the neglect of his own body.
“Tea and putting my feet up sounds perfect right about now,” he admitted. “Did you really mean it?”
“No, I wasn’t,” he agreed. “But this morning I realised that I was tired of kippers and it was raining and I’ve been reading about some absolutely fascinating organised criminal activity in the newspapers and there’s a
“Do you think you can manage just a bit?” the nurse continued.
Sherlock shook his head, slipping the eye patch on. “Daddy does batteries,” he stated solemnly.
Mycroft shook his head. “I do not believe so; he’s looking for a constable with the first name of Greg who has an adult but mentally handicapped nephew. The man in question’s father is named John and his brother is (he paused and shuddered a bit) ‘Mike’. There is no way anyone would connect that with DI Lestrade from Scotland Yard, myself, Dr Watson, or even my brother himself. The fact that ‘Lock—as he was calling himself—has not reappeared and no one has come looking for him has probably led the policeman to believe that he was found and is safely back home.”
“Yes. Excellent.” I reached up and rubbed the back of his neck; if anything was going to cause one of his horrible headaches, it was a situation such as the one in which we found ourselves, and I wanted to—if I possibly could—prevent it. “Then…?”
“Hurt me,” he repeated, his voice cracking. “Don’t know where… strange place. Strangers. Strangers hurt me.”
And then, as I knew she had been longing to do, Mrs. Hudson asked about Sherlock. I have, of course, been writing to her every day, but being able to discuss the situation face to face is so much easier.
“Yeah—trying way too hard to convince me—or herself—that she’s found ‘the one’... again.”
Quite unexpectedly, the thin man thrust it at his brother, then glared at him. Clearly, he expected him to do something with it. The government man glanced at the topmost sheet. Ah. It was a list of the foods that Sherlock preferred and those he avoided, in Mycroft’s own writing.
[The doctor displays a rare failing in his usually perfect syntax; he leaves this thought unfinished.]
Oh. Mycroft’s house. Mycroft’s bedroom? Really? His head was killing him. What had woken him?
“Oh, yes. Well, it was just as it was today, and I found myself utterly unable to move. I was quite ill. I was expecting our second child…” She paused and I stared at her in shock. “Oh, I am sorry. You didn’t know. Of course, you did not know. I don’t think it was the heat—perhaps it was—but I was only a few months along and a few weeks later I… I was not any longer, if you take my meaning.”
“Good job. Definitely worthy of Detective Inspector status, in my opinion.”
[Sherlock has interjected, sideways along the margin:
He focused for a minute on the nurse’s voice. What was he reading?
“Well, I do not dwell upon it,” she explained, “and I wore my widow’s weeds for just a year. It was not out of lack of respect for my dear husband,” she hastened to add, “but a young widow may sometimes be perceived as being a bit… naïve. Vulnerable. I had to make my own living then, and it was so difficult to get anything accomplished—workmen can be terribly condescending. I found myself quite arguing with some of them about the alterations I needed in the house, and dealing with the lawyers and the bankers… I did it quite deliberately, you know.”
I sighed. I had now truly exhausted all the information I had. Obviously as I was taking my leave, Sherlock’s attention had been drawn by something new, for he had dashed around towards the back of the house, and, of course, solved the whole matter in time for tea.
“I’m not supposed to leave until the next nurse comes in.” She finally seemed to be processing the situation and picked it up slowly.
“There’s one from Uncle Greg,” John pointed out encouragingly.
There. There he was.
he thought as he ran his fingers along his newly-pink skin as his brother gently cleaned him.
Mummy—who was young and looked completely overwhelmed—gave him the smallest of smiles at his reassurance. She had rushed into the surgery with her son shortly before they were scheduled to close, but one glance at the heavily-bleeding gash that split the five-year-old boy’s right eyebrow in two and John had had no problem assuring them that he would take care of them.
Laws. Morals. Commandments. Accusations. Lies.
And now we are here. I’ve been back for a few hours, and he is being so very sweet at the moment, allowing me time to write. He greeted me so eagerly upon my return that it quite touched me, and I admit that I greeted him likewise. Even those several hours apart, after being with him every moment for so many days, were rather harder than I had realised they would be.
It was the most hurtful thing I have ever heard—including the words that Mary had flung at me at the end of our brief and rather pointless marriage.
“Mrs Parker,” he said quietly, and she immediately followed him down into the library.
[There is a break in the doctor’s manuscript; sometimes even in his private papers he is reticent about describing the more intimate activities in which they engaged.]
And battered fish.
“Oh, no. You got me all the way down here. We’re going in.” And with a firm tug, Captain John Watson led his (somewhat reluctant) soldier into battle.
Sherlock has helpfully noted.]
Sherlock did not initially respond well to the new nurse.
His hesitant murmurings were heavenly to my ears. “Am I? How nice. What am I correct about?” I sucked lightly at his neck.
“Oh, dear Lord.”
He hadn’t even completely moved in yet, but a few weeks back he had gotten a text from his favourite (only) consulting detective informing him that he would probably be relocating—oh, yes, he definitely would be relocating (there had been an hour between texts) to 221B Baker Street within the next few weeks.
.” He raised his eyebrows and looked expectantly at me. And then I discerned his meaning.
He had also been warned, upon his arrival (the security measures put him a bit on edge, but he supposed anyone who could afford a house like that would have a great need for such measures), that his patient was currently not interested in the convention of being clothed.
He had to go home.
“This morning’s…?” I had been concentrating so much on relieving his current discomfort that at first, I honestly did not recall to what he referred. And then I did.
“What’s happened?” the nurse demanded. The scene that greeted her when she returned to the room alarmed her. Her patient was slumped over the table, his head on his arms. He was panting, as if he had been exerting himself. The government man—or whatever he was—seated at the head of the glossy dining table had an odd mixture of relief and sadness on his face.
We sat that way for a while, discussing his observations and deductions regarding the ventilator and false bell-rope. I was touched that he expressed his concern over my safety and gratified that I could assure him of my assistance—we were both positive that a terrible crime was on the verge of being committed. Finally, I could stand the anxiety in his voice no longer.
I did not know how to address his condition. He seemed utterly unable to respond to me at first; I was not certain that he was even truly cognisant of my presence. Finally, though, he took a deep, shuddering breath and wiped his hand across his face.
, he thought grimly as he tidied his desk and prepared to leave work.
“He was quite distraught, and I had no desire to upset him further.”
I patted his bony back. “There,” I whispered. “Isn’t that better?”
“Yeah. Yes.” A dozen disastrous scenarios flashed through his head.
I am actually, somehow, able to enjoy the thread of the story—if it is well written (Mr Trollope’s novels are equally effective—although I love Mr Wilde’s stories they are not quite appropriate for these situations). I believe that it is soothing for me to be able to turn my own mind to something other than my friend’s distress.
Christopher backed quietly out of the bedroom, pulling the door almost shut.
They took a short break to exchange gifts; Sherlock had correctly predicted that he and John each would receive a hand-made item. John thought his new crocheted hat of dark-green wool was fine, but what delighted him was that she had made Sherlock elbow-length, extra-padded oven mitts—in purple.
The response was immediate and gratifying: “He… helium.”
I realise that I am rambling. In writing about this situation, I find that I am musing a great deal about it. At the time, I was not nearly as mindful of any of these thoughts, my mind being overwhelmed—nearly torn apart—with my fears about our impending interview.
Mycroft never let him have any fun, so why should he listen to him now? He was focused. His blood sang in his veins the way it was supposed to. He was sharp and alert—
I paused, absorbing this information and turning it over in my head. “You’ve done this before,” I finally remarked.
She shrugged. “Nothing I haven’t seen before,” she commented. “Between being a nurse and being a mum to five boys… and people with brain injuries do things like that all the time.”
What the hell was that?
“What is it, Sherlock?” his brother responded. He sounded surprised.
“Hm? Oh, yes. I suppose you have questions.” He gazed at me through the smoke.
How could I respond to this? I can ponder this now, but in the midst of our discussion, I admit that I responded by instinct, and I am not proud of my answer. “I’m afraid I would,” I admitted.
the capital letters)? He had no way of knowing, because half the time it was for a frustrating case and the other half—
“Not even two bites?”
Sherlock also took advantage of this time to swiftly explain to Miss Stoner what had occurred—and it was then that he revealed that he had formed his suspicions about the imminent danger to anyone inhabiting that bed as soon as he had seen the dog-lash and the marks showing that Roylott stood on the chair.
“Why is he like that?” Mycroft hissed. “He seemed more alert earlier.” The older brother had been closed in his home office but had emerged a short time ago, clearly wanting nothing more than to shower and lie down.
The first time. The first of many, many times.
“We’re on it,” she reported.
That we were dodging books and cups and whatever else he could take up during this tirade was certainly no help.
Damn. She fell to her knees, grunting slightly. She peered beneath the bed. He was flat on his stomach, his face pressed to the floor and his long arms wrapped around his head. “It’s all right, love. You’re safe. Why don’t you come out?” she tried. “I know waking up in a strange place can be confusing, but you’re all right.”
But there was no response. He seemed to sink back into himself. He began to study the bath water—raising his hand and watching with interest as the water droplets coming off his fingers made ripples.
“No, he hasn’t.” Mycroft’s voice betrayed how tight his throat had become.
How he had sliced into that terrible scar on his leg, and how he would continue to do so, over and over, until… until what? What would stop him?
“I just could not think of another reason for you to become so distracted.”
He untangled himself from me and we shuffled into his bedroom.
Because the garden was tilting in a very peculiar manner—or was it he who was tilting? His head felt like someone was squeezing it and he swayed. His stomach clenched, and, despite the chill, he began to feel overheated. Dark shadows swirled into his peripheral vision.
And what about Dad? Mummy was the genius (mathematics was her particular field, of course), but Dad had insight into human character and behaviour that he sometimes envied. It wasn’t based on observation and deduction the way he and Sherlock understood and practiced it, but somehow, at times, it was even better.
“I am aware of my reaction to certain subjects,” he replied a bit crossly. “That is the point I am attempting to get across. As I do, they display discomfort regarding this particular subject, but not on any other.”
There was a flash—the briefest glimpse—of anger on the elder brother’s face. “Very well,” he said slowly. “Sherlock, you are aware that your infirmity has been more apparent lately. You have been fortunate in the ministrations of the doctor here, but you must admit that both the mania and the melancholia has been, of late, quite intense. You have been rather ‘flat out’, if you will excuse the phrase, more often than in the past.”
At that moment, though, I was far more concerned with treating her injury.
He had made it as far as the wall and, crouched in the shrubbery, was observing it to see the best place to scale it. There, he thought to himself, nodding. There was a young tree close enough to make it possible for him to climb up it and then swing himself to the top of the wall. He knew that he would set off the motion sensors, but by then he’d have dropped to the other side and would hopefully be out of reach.
The crowd in the lobby was slowly thinning out. Your wife sent the men to retrieve our coats, then drew me to a quiet corner. “Emily,” she whispered, her lips close to my ear, “would you and your cousin care to join us for supper?”
He was oddly grateful that someone caught him before he could tumble to the cold ground.
“That’s terrific, ‘Lock!” the silver-haired man exclaimed.
“He really does.” He hesitated. He was clearly uncomfortable with what he had to tell her. He took a deep breath. “Listen. He has phases when he acts like a child—almost infantile, sometimes, and sometimes it’s more like a toddler, and sometimes it’s maybe five or six years old. We’ve just been going with it—read to him, or whatever he seems to want to do. He’s got picture books and crayons.”
I wanted to, so much, even then, reach out and touch his hand; his face.
“He would whip me with a riding crop. He would trip me and leave the marks of his hands on my arms; my throat. He would have my food withheld—if anyone tried to bring me anything he would beat them as well.”
“You’ve got a little time before dinner. Have a little rest,” she told him.
“So, what did Mrs Beeton have to say?” I asked a bit cheekily.
“You will put away your clean clothing when the laundress brings it.”
“Rolling around in manure. Is there tea?”
Greg thought about it. “None… no, wait. One was. Erm… I can’t remember which one, but it’s in the file.”
Sherlock nodded emphatically and tapped his finger on the table a few times. “K… kum eh…eny… way… dane… jus.”
“Your dressing gown is on your chair. You will want to divest yourself of your coat after being in the sick-room all day. –Sherlock”
The not-Mrs.-Hudson lady had brought him a glass of milk, and that was perfect with the biscuits. Then she gave him some tablets and his brother seemed to want him to take them, so he did. Sometimes he could be useful in a Big-Brother-Is-Never-Wrong sort of way.
She had done brussels sprouts, which the detective usually despised, but instead of simply boiling them, she had roasted them with garlic and balsamic vinegar, and he had, surprisingly, quite liked them. (John really enjoyed them as well and made a mental note to get the recipe from her.)
Shit.
“Oh!” he cried, springing to his feet. “At once!”
“In here,” she called back. I found her in her sitting room, a grim expression on her face. “I take it you encountered Helen on her way out,” she began without preamble.
“I am a respectable, church-going widow,” she replied with another smile. “I can be friends with whomever I wish.”
He opened the one eye she could see, looking like nothing but a crabby teenager. She chuckled.
He was beyond frustrated. He had been desperately trying to engage Sherlock in conversation. He would have been happy with a few one-word responses, but he wasn’t even getting those. His brother didn’t seem to be aware of his surroundings. The nurse had guided him into the room and to his place at the table, but now he was just sitting there, gazing down at the table. He slowly traced shapes across its surface with his finger.
no fun at all
“Ashes,” she replied grimly.
“On?”
I will not detail the efforts to which both Mrs Hudson and I went that evening—suffice it to say that cajoling and pleading and a great deal of checking on him—did he have a fever? Did he feel ill? —and finally we admitted defeat. Our indomitable landlady finally admitted to fatigue and retired, and once her footsteps faded, I suggested the same for both of us.
It was an interesting—perhaps alarming? —mixture. What struck him first was the illustration of a snake. He had used crayons, and the reptile was an emerald green. It seemed quite naturalistic and accurate, except for the eyes. Oddly, they were not reptilian, but instead solid black.
Etta knew Solomon well enough to know that this was a fairly straightforward statement for him—he did get terribly tongue-tied when he was trying too hard. But he was one of the best nurses she had ever met. His compassion coupled with his strength, knowledge, and calm when it came to his patients was more than admirable. He never seemed the least bit self-conscious or rattled when he was talking to any of them—exactly as he was doing now.
She had signed the confidentiality statement with alacrity; this was bound to be an interesting case. That her patient was housed not in a hospital but in a private home that was more secure than Buckingham Palace—intriguing. That he turned out to be a strung-out, PTSD victim of horrific bodily abuse—well.
Sherlock watched and waited for the nurse to pick his up and take a bite before doing likewise, but once started he essentially devoured it.
Winifred accepted the clipboard, her eyes narrowed. “What happened?” she demanded. “What did you do to him?”
He did wonder about it—those times when Sherlock did not seem just traumatized and speechless but almost regressed, one could say. He made no effort to obscure his behaviour, selecting children’s books, seeking out physical comfort and contact, and playing as he had done when he was very young. He curled up with a blanket or cushion, and—this was the most distressing to the older man—he would put his fingers or his thumb in his mouth and whimper and cry.
“You weren’t joking, were you? He’s tightly wound, all right.”
He frowned at his reflection and slowly put his hand up to a big, painful lump on the side of his head. He didn’t know how it had gotten there, but it really hurt.
Mycroft Holmes’ housekeeper examined the image from the CCTV camera that fed images from the gate that shut the rest of the world out of their little empire directly to the little office space she had in the corner of the kitchen. She had a tidy little computer with a decent-sized monitor there, and it was with it that she took care of the household bookkeeping—she managed the paycheques and schedules for Mr Holmes’ other employees, ordered groceries, and coordinated everything her job required.
(this entire word was lined out and next to it he had written
“My God. What happened to you?” she gasped. “When did you get back? Where’s John?”
“Quadrillion?” the DI read off the box.
“So far, no correlations come to mind, but with additional observation—”
“If you wish—I suppose you will write this up.”
And then Sherlock Holmes did a thing that he does so very rarely that it is worth remarking on: he blushed. He truly did, and I found that I could no longer keep a solemn expression. “It’s true,” he admitted in a low voice. “I knew of other… men who wore such things, but I did not understand until that moment that I was living with one of them.”
“Yes, I’m all right,” he replied now, but the tone of his voice and the look in his eyes made it clear that he had barely heard my question.
Sherlock smirked as he tore through the paper and tape, making a show of getting a piece stuck to his finger, then chuckling at John’s muttered “Prat.”
“Go up to your rooms—he can tell you himself.”
I gathered up my coat and hat and let myself out the street door. I was going to take a long walk.
It was the next day, and I had been called out for my medical service immediately following breakfast, served by our new servant (and, I admit, consumed with something less than enthusiasm by both of us). I had returned in the early afternoon, hungry and wondering if lunch would be better than breakfast had been. I heard movement in the kitchen and rather than ascending to our rooms, I walked down to see how (if) she was managing. The sight that greeted me was not at all what I expected.
John roared with laughter. “Oh, that’s fantastic. Sherlock Holmes, speechless.” Then he took pity on him. “You did that for me?”
just like there’s a
have imagined…
Why? What exactly was wrong with him? He was aware of his surroundings for longer and longer periods of time, but there were still more gaps and times of horrible, jumbled confusion than coherent moments. He knew that he had been in Mycroft’s home for a few days now, but he couldn’t recall much of what had been happening. He had a dim recollection of a bath, and something about oranges, but when he tried to figure out what that meant, his head would ache until his eyes watered.
“Over?” She slid her bag to the floor and slipped off her coat.
So, he had phone privileges back. Must be out of rehab. Again.
She considered this. “My sister… but… by train? How… who will take care of… what is wrong with me? I cannot remember the name of the town in which she lives.”
“Oh, Holmes!” I cried, lunging out of my chair and sinking to my knees in front of him. “No, of course not. I would not leave you. Not ever.”
“He was left alone for five minutes, wearing nothing but one of those delightful hospital gowns and—I
“I shall be happy to reward you for your efforts, but perhaps not with a coin.”
“You seen your kids yet?” the doctor asked gently. It was the first Christmas after he had split from his wife (now officially ex-wife-number-two) and John ached for his friend. He himself had been happy not to have had to deal with his sister, but he couldn’t imagine what it would be like to be separated from your children on such a special day.
“Most certainly not!” the woman snapped. I found it difficult to maintain my stoic countenance—for how could any acquaintance obtain a chapeau so flamboyant as to elicit envy in
“You had to sedate him?”
Our landlady considered this as I began to care for her injured foot.
“Not one word of that is false!” she exclaimed victoriously—and prematurely.
He rose, placed his coffee cup on the table, and retrieved his hat, gloves, and stick.
“Meaning?”
Stop that,
not okay to him.
“He did not sleep last night,” I added in a similar tone.
“I’m not going anywhere. Get the hell out.”
He snorted in derision. He always seemed to have the energy for that.
“What did you do?” I demanded. I saw no reason to prevaricate.
“It is the truth whether or not it makes sense to you,” I pointed out.
This was an absolute fact. He had once tripped up a thief by noting that his alibi included him partaking of a particular meal in a particular restaurant that, if he was of the faith he claimed, an impossibility, both due to the restrictions regarding food practiced by those of that faith and those of the establishment in which he claimed to have dined.
And when darkness falls, as we have done since prehistory, we retreat to whatever we consider our home—fine house or cottage or slum or even a gypsy caravan—and we fasten all the windows and doors. We lock ourselves in and everyone else out.
What on earth have I just done? Am I going mad? I cannot believe my own behaviour. I can barely write this. But there is no denying it.
matter so much?” I had no idea to what he referring.
, he reflected instead, wrinkling his nose as images of cards, trees, fairy lights, roasts, sprouts, and puddings danced in his...
He smiled a bit bitterly. Not even bothering to deny it? He felt smug for an instant; then it occurred to him. “You going to be all right?”
All of these thoughts flashed through my mind in an instant, and I knew absolutely that no, I never wished for my darling to be anything but the amazing, brilliant, and beautiful man that he is.
“Why?”
After ten minutes, he gave up, replacing the bookmark and clapping it shut almost angrily. He picked up a medical journal and tried turning his attention to it.
“No… someone telephoned,” I recalled.
She explained how it all ended—how your horrendous behaviour had finally forced her to elicit the assistance of that queer man, Mr. Holmes, to drag you from that disgusting club—how you came home so begrudgingly—how you remained aloof and less than a husband—and how you finally forced her to accept a divorce and banishment.
“Oh! Then it does make sense, in a way. Aren’t those little old ladies always poisoning folks? And the poisoner always has some background in chemistry or growing poisonous plants or whatever other t’ing. Murder—chemistry—put poisons between dose.”
“I grew so apprehensive that I visited them, and seeing my poor sister—she was a changed woman, Doctor. She was so very ill. My poor brother-in-law—he knew there was something wrong but… well… I don’t rightly know why he didn’t get her to a doctor or at least write to me. Not that it would have helped. Poor thing was completely out of her head.”
“That’s right. Go back to sleep,” the voice said, tucking the blanket over him as he slid down onto the cushions.
My darling can be such an idiot at times.
I have since come to my senses and I would never, ever again walk away from him, for what he revealed has me more frightened than anything else I have ever considered. The words he spoke still echo and penetrate and torture me.
“Well, yes, of course,” he had stammered. Damn. Being on the receiving end of a “talking to” from Mummy always made him feel fourteen years old and caught smoking for the first time. Not that it had happened very often, of course—Sherlock had received at least ninety percent of her ire. Well, that had been the pattern in the past. The two years that his brother had been gone, he had had the “privilege” of being on the receiving end one hundred percent of the time. Was he watching his diet? Had he switched barbers? Had his assistant dealt with that rude man who had the flat above her? (How had she known about that?) Had his gardener looked into that new spray? (That was from Dad). Why didn’t he date? They would be delighted to have a nice man—a guest—to dinner.
He was not an idiot. He knew who “Big Brother” was. In fact, he came to the large house on such a regular basis to ensure that the government man was trim and tidy that they had installed a proper chair in one of the endless bedrooms. He also tended to several of the silent, black-clothed assistants there, and even the gardener and the chauffeur. He was paid a rather embarrassingly large amount for all of it—but it wasn’t even just an implication that he keep it all completely quiet. He had signed something—it had been ages ago—to ensure his silence, and he was just fine with that, because how could he possibly have explained it all—and who would he tell?
I was relieved at this. The turmoil of the search for a reliable maid had been excruciating and none of us were keen to have to begin again.
No. That had to be where they were headed. Where else would they be going? He had to say something. He had to tell him. Still staring out into the night, he attempted to demand that the driver turn around.
“Very amusing, Doctor,” he drawled. “I mean to get right to it. Sherlock, as you can imagine, I have been considering everything that has occurred under my roof quite seriously.”
The young man’s eyes had shut again. “Where are you taking me, then?” he mumbled.
Greedy hands reached out for the final two gifts, one in silver and the other in gold paper. “Who are these from, Daddy?”
“Perhaps,” he offered shyly, “if she is in need of employment, and if Mrs Hudson is amenable, we could continue to have her here? We would continue to pay her wages,” he hastened to add. “Mrs Hudson should not have to resume the heaviest tasks in the house. She has been quite pleasant lately, despite her immobility.”
“Why should I?” he snarled. I winced at his tone. He suddenly turned and began pacing, the papers he had been examining forgotten. I am not certain, but I believe I made a discouraged noise in my throat as he resumed his incessant motion. I had hoped—up until that moment—that he had fallen as low as he was ever going last evening and was truly headed towards wellness.
[A note from Sherlock is written along the margin:
And having written that, I correct myself. The most distressing manifestation of Sherlock Holmes’ periods of mania is his inability and lack of desire for sleep—and for lying with me in our bed.
—she thought that only happened in films). Despite his slender limbs, he was apparently quite wiry and strong.  His unmutilated skin was a sort of ivory colour. The dark curls made his odd, light eyes even more arresting. But there was an odd juxtaposition of that lovely, clearly adult body and his behaviour.
Mrs Hudson put extra sugar in his tea to make up for the lack of cake. He does love his sweets.
“I am sorry to hear of it,” I answered honestly, and I admit here that inside myself I felt a horrible dismay at the thought of him experiencing these fits for the rest of his life.
“Can’t remember anything,” he had insisted over and over, sounding alternately frustrated, angry, and discouraged. Now he pushed himself away from the table and began to pace. “Anything… away, but home… I know home. My suits and my violin and my microscope and my dressing gowns and… my landlady and… my skull…”
The older man considered this for a moment. “All right. You’ve had enough for now. How about a little diversion?”
Her use of my Christian name went unremarked at the time except that it somehow made me aware that she was truly speaking to me not just from her heart but to mine.
Our involvement in the disturbing case of the Greek interpreter unfolded quite as published, except that my introduction to the man described within it was a complete fabrication, of course, created from various conversations we have had over the years. I have heard it said that that particular tale contains some hints that it occurred much longer ago than I have described, and it more than likely does. (My tending to Sherlock after his exposure to the deadly gas that took the life of the poor man who had been held captive for so long was omitted—but he was exposed far more than I have described and was quite ill.)
“I wish to see you
Really? She read on, keeping one eye on him. He was going through a stack of books now, examining each cover with care. She kept glancing from the clipboard to her patient.
“You left your book on the table. –Sherlock.”
“Mmm. Shure.”
He swore he heard his brain snicker at him.
He prayed that their sweet boy would be all right.
As we headed to the Langham Hotel, I realised two things: that I did not know what Mary’s new Christian name was, and that it had been the Langham Hotel where Mary’s father, Captain Morstan, had checked in before going missing.
She nodded, amused. “It is sort of painfully obvious, isn’t it? I only wish my husband and I were like that.”
“And what would you do about letters of introduction, or anything like that? I know that a few of my stories about you have reached America, but surely you cannot think that you would find doors open to you just anywhere?”
he thought as he packed up his clothing.
She shook her head. “I didn’t get anything. Listen, have you got him? I want to get going,” Winifred yawned. “It was a long night.”
His patient could not get an erection, but it was not for lack of trying.
“She has been dismissed.”
“She is,” our landlady agreed, “and that is where I intend to begin.”
He cracked open his egg carefully; he felt uncharacteristically clumsy and he hoped that no one had taken notice. He wondered what was wrong with him.
you don’t know how I did it,” he hissed. “An employee has been stealing from store stock for months and you didn’t have a clue. I don’t know how you and your staff could have missed it. How do you manage to retain your position here? Is everyone here equally incompetent at their jobs? That would explain the travesty of a book that garlic-addict tried to push on John as ‘highly recommended’. Just because something is a ‘best seller’ doesn’t mean it’s good. In fact, it’s opposite. Tripe for the masses—”
“Sherlock, what’s the matter?”
“Did she not often assist the ‘downtrodden’ and deliver nourishing food to the poor?” he asked, directing his query at me.
“Very sorry to knock you up, Doctor Watson, but it’s the common lot this morning. I’ve been knocked up, I’ve knocked you up, and you get to knock
“You will tend to your own bedroom—no leaving soiled clothing in odd corners or a mess when you shave.”
“Sherlock,” I began hesitantly, “are you aware that you are making unwise decisions?”
“I shall come by and speak to her as soon as I can get away from the shop.”
It all went rather quickly after that. The previously unknown lopper-off-of-ears had swiftly become a subject of intense interest after Sherlock had identified the connection between all the recipients of the grisly gifts. Apparently alarmed at the sudden possibility of being exposed, he had escalated his activities, and two of the victims had finally gone to the police.
“The shirt you picked out for him? Our excursion to Harrods?”
“How shall I begin?” I managed, and it was not a rhetorical question. I wanted the dreadful encounter—the entire issue—over and done with.
It had been a Godsend when, spurred by his interest in solving mysteries, he had somehow gotten the attention of Lestrade, and there had been a few years of a somewhat uneasy peace. With the carrot of cases dangling in front of him, he, for the first time, actively attempted to get clean. He took a ratty little flat on Montague Street. He was stumbling along, spending what little money he made from cases on books, scientific equipment, and clothing… mostly.
They rode in silence for a bit, looking out opposite windows at the brightly-lit shop windows and hurrying crowds. A brisk wind had begun to wind its way through the streets. John watched as a well-dressed man suddenly dashed forward to reclaim his hat.
He nodded. “The night nurse told me. It’s worn off, but he’s exhausted.”
“Oh? Did you consider any of the details?” Mycroft demanded.
I am appreciating our faithful servant Henry’s attendance. He is calm, thoughtful, and efficient. He seems not the least bit bothered by any of the more unsavoury aspects of our situation—Sherlock is in great need of a bath, and I realise now as I write that he did not even have his tooth-brush with him in his exile. The discomfort this must be causing the fastidious man is maddening.
“I said, you bloody well better leave them alone.”
She headed towards the stairs, gesturing for him to follow.
She winked and he smirked.
“He might surprise us,” the elder brother commented. “I have always believed that geniuses of the arts—composers and painters and such—even if they are not seized with an illness such as my brother’s, when they are in the throes of creating, it is a similar state of mind.”
Once he was on the bed, I resumed my position, arranging myself to cradle his head. I believe he had shocked himself into silence, and any extraneous motion was translated into a continuous shuddering from top to toe. I spoke to him again, telling him that we understood that he was not in control of his faculties. That I would tend to his wounded hands when he was in sufficient control of himself that we could release him from the sheet. That I knew that he had not intended to injure himself; that he had struck the window in frustration.
just want him to know that he’s safe. I’ll take care of the lotion. Thank you, sir.” He slipped back into the darkened room, shutting the door behind himself.
He did not reply except to make a slight, distressed sound.
She thought she heard him say “bored,” but she wasn’t sure.
“Your brother’s been… erm… drawing, all day. You should probably take a look,” the nurse provided quietly.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said—an odd, somewhat hollow tone to his voice, “I am sure that you are aware that your behaviour during this current fit has been the most extreme expression of your illness to date.”
“John, you yourself explained to me that there are certain signs that one exhibits, quite unconsciously, when one is... aroused.” His voice dropped with that last word. He can be funny about such subjects, even now, when we are so free with one another.
“Whatever are you referring to?” I asked, becoming immediately sober—I already knew the answer.
“Well, yes, John. Clearly.”
How old was their son at the time of their expedition?
She looked at me rather keenly. “I do,” she acknowledged. “I cannot say in what way, except to say that there is no fever. No purging. No wound. Nothing to indicate an injury or illness. And yet I suffer… so very much.”
I did at that point allow myself to consider the little I knew of the case. Mr. Harper was a bachelor. His maid-of-all-work did not live in. He had a tidy house with a tidy garden—nothing to show the slightest mark of a woman’s touch. This thought brought to my mind some of the more seemingly frivolous decorations with which Mary had festooned the house that we had shared.
And sometimes it was—as it had been this morning—standing on the pavement staring up at the roof of Bart’s, phone pressed to his ear, begging him over and over.
He glanced up at the street signs, oriented himself, and headed for the nearest large department store.
“I was not! I did not intend to be…” his rancour, which had surfaced so suddenly, just as suddenly disappeared.
John wandered through the large store, staring at the displays of shirts. He hated shopping for clothing, but he really needed some new things. He found himself looking at suits, then shaking his head.
“Actually, Mr. Bloom has just been extremely helpful... to us,” my darling offered, and there was no mistaking the note of victory in his voice.
“Then why is he here?” was the sulky reply, with a toss of dark curls towards Greg, still on the sofa.
“And yet those seemingly useless things have caused a family to be torn apart—lying to one another; subterfuge; cruelty. And for what? Jewels? Money? Does money really matter so much that it turns brother against brother; children against parents?”
Sherlock didn’t like going to church. It was boring, and the music was often rather dreadful.
Now she approached the bed quietly.
I wondered if I could also capture the sight of his beautiful skin, seemingly even paler than usual as he stretched languidly across my dark eiderdown cover.
His smile faded. “Sometimes when you visited here, you were... less than reserved.”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake,” the thin man snarled, whipping his head around at the sound of the doorbell (that John had insisted he reconnect that morning). He headed down the stairs, grumbling something that John didn’t catch. The interruptions and visitors of the day before had continued through the morning and into the afternoon and he was absolutely on the verge of a huge strop.
“You mean… actually sit…” He was now staring down at the carpet.
“Apparently, although he claims to have had no idea nor interest in her—she is quite young and rather a silly thing, according to him.”
“You like wearing my pyjamas?” Mycroft had asked sadly, trying for a small smile.
“My love,” I said sternly, “you have been far worse than this. You have been sick all over yourself and you allowed me to cleanse you then. I will be honest and say that that was much more unpleasant, and still I did it—and will do it again if necessary—willingly.”
My heart began to beat rapidly. “Do you mean that—?”
John. Yes. That’s right. He had been looking for John. Hadn’t he?
I had been managing to remain as calm as I possibly could until then. Had the frightful creature recalled this? Is this why she had chosen this particular location for our meeting?
I was in the next room tidying up—he tends to drop soiled clothing and towels to the floor, so I was gathering everything up to be taken away and washed (this is actually quite like home). The footman who entered was hampered by his heavy tray. He took both of us by surprise by announcing his intent and managing to get out into the corridor, where one of the attendants accosted him. It turned into a physical altercation. Ordinarily, with his deceptively wiry frame, he would have had the upper hand, but in his current state he does not have complete mastery of his limbs, and in the scuffle his wrist, elbow, and shoulder were twisted quite hard. The attendant was suitably apologetic, but I assured him that whatever force he had applied had been necessary.
“Much as I loathe to request it, Mycroft, I require your assistance,” he stated firmly.
“Then I shall explain myself and my brother and endeavour to enlighten you.”
“No, that is very kind, but assuredly not necessary. I will be perfectly all right on my own.”
“Ah. My brother has not mentioned me, I take it. May I?” He indicated his hat and motioned toward the rack by the door.
But DI Greg Lestrade was gratified beyond words that Sherlock Holmes had actually made a point of letting him know where he was going.
to tell me not to look so depressed? He infuriates me when he is so condescending.
“It was. Not sure what it meant, though,” Matilda admitted.
Anthea sighed and wished that she had brought something for lunch. She was getting hungry and it would be a long afternoon.
“He likes marmalade,” Mycroft told her quietly, “and cut the toast into soldiers. Just let my housekeeper know what you want.”
“Do? What do I do...?” She glanced at her husband, who was watching intently, his hands clenched in his lap.
More recently, I have attempted the opposite—introducing as many calming elements as I am able to his whirling, out-of-control world. I pull the curtains shut and turn down the gas. I select a book—generally a novel (I find our friend Mr Dickens particularly effective)—and begin reading to him. At first, he often cannot sit down, and he murmurs and comments and talks to himself as he stalks through the cluttered room. I allow him his frantic motion and chatter, reading over his low voice without pausing—it is actually an excellent exercise in mental discipline for me—because as he paces and fidgets, he eventually does attend to my words. He begins to look in my direction more and more (I have become an expert at keeping one eye on him and one on my book). His expression begins to soften. His frantic motion slows.
He slipped out the door and I heard the key turn in the lock once more.
When he had managed two biscuits and most of the milk, he was surprisingly complacent and took the tablets without a fuss.
Oh, he was not feeling well at all. He allowed her to help him up and get him into the bathroom. Damn. He hated being sick, but he didn’t seem to have much say in the matter. Stupid transport.
“Your bill for your new boots reminded me that I need my second-best brown pair mended. Will you please put them by the door so I remember to do so? –Sherlock”
—person who could have done what he had done.
The nurse nodded in welcome. “I was just about to wake him; I’ve got something for him here.” He indicated a covered tray. The elder brother strode over to it and lifted the lid, nodding in satisfaction—one cooked egg, toast, marmalade. A small spoon. Excellent.
It was my turn to be struck still and dumb.
He nodded in agreement and went to fetch two glasses.
“Sherlock,” he responded. “Doctor Watson.”
” was the sharp retort.
what language had he been speaking
“Yes, but she said it didn’t matter to her. She thought I was very good at my work, and she particularly liked my hems and my egg wine.”
Moriarty was not supposed to kill himself.
That was when Sherlock withdrew to the other room, and I was left alone.
After that, he scowled at her, pushing her rudely away as he wobbled back to the sofa. He flopped onto it rather dramatically, then abruptly turned his body so he was curled up on his side, his face buried in the cushions.
Because of course she had known that he was alive—or he had been, two years ago—and she had never once wavered in her belief that he would return. Of course he would. He was Sherlock Holmes.
“Surely you do not intend for me to actually go meet this creature?”
And this particular morning was one of those times.
That was when I put two and two together. Mr. Harper was an eligible bachelor. Perhaps a young woman had set her heart on him but—but what? Was there some issue which prevented her from becoming his wife? Why would she enact such a bizarre trick?
Summoned by an urgent call from the housekeeper, Mycroft’s driver and gardener had thundered up the stairs and into their boss’s bedroom.
“Did not intend to be what?” I encouraged. I wanted him to admit his culpability in our disagreement. He had been cruel, and until that moment I was sure that it
“That is what nightshirts are for,” he explained carefully in that “this is rather obvious” voice of his.
Clothes were dull. He had a blanket.
John’s eyes grew a bit watery. “You’re welcome, sweet boy. Now, last two and then how about I make some hot chocolate?”
“A few months ago, I considered,” he began in a conspiratorial tone, “that is, I almost went out in a cravat instead of a necktie.”
“Come now. Surely, we can manage just a bit of soup,” cooed the young woman standing behind him.
“Get his arms!”
“John, you really do not have to,” he protested.
So, he was going to make him fish? Fine. “What about siblings? Aunts? Uncles? Anyone else?”
“No, but the alternative is… undesirable,” Mycroft replied.
“So, you knew he was doing something… untidy.”
It has been nearly three years. Three years ago—well, it will be three years on the 5th of May—I lost my beloved. After I—extremely reluctantly and every word felt as if I was writing it in my own blood—finished writing what was to be entitled by my publisher “The Final Problem” (which, when considered objectively as an author, was a terrible disappointment in that it somewhat gave away the story before the reader had absorbed my first sentence), I have not had any more of our stories in print. I have written many, and perhaps someday I will have the heart to bring them to my publisher, but at the moment I do not have the fortitude.
“That I… that feels so lovely… that sometimes it is not a simple thing to—ah!—to deny my feelings.”
[There is a break in the manuscript at this point, and the doctor seems to have taken up his pen again that evening.]
Mycroft had been awake for over twenty-four hours at that point, and even he was admitting to feeling somewhat fatigued, but they had to get the CT done. He had gotten a few hours of work in. Now he headed back to his bedroom.
“Excuse me. It is so very close in here,” I murmured and strode from the room as swiftly as I was able considering my circumstances. And so, I made my escape down the narrow gravel path.
2) He did not care about what they thought about him using. He wasn’t ashamed of it at all—even when he or Victor miscalculated and he ended up violently ill or doing something spectacularly idiotic.
He had timed his “walk about” carefully. He knew that Malcolm was going out to see a film that evening. His brother was God-knows-where, his driver with him. When Mrs Parker had brought the tray up to his room, she seemed weary. He was genuinely a bit concerned and gently reached out and touched one work-worn hand.
“Obviously, John. Mr. Harper planned to re-visit them when they returned in the evening. I have no idea what he planned to say or do—that is beyond my responsibilities.”
“So, even though I saw that she was not exactly enthusiastic about my plan, I attempted to give her the book.”
“Harold, that is hardly helpful,” Mrs. Bloom hissed.
“So, we believe that immediately before he was retrieved he was sleeping rough in Hampstead Heath—probably the Parliament Hill area.” Sean took a sip of his coffee.
I brought my letter to the front desk to be posted first thing in the morning. I attempted then to lie down. I doubted that I would be able to sleep and I was correct. I tossed and turned until the sun rose, at which time I dressed and wrote my second letter.
There, as I so often did, I assisted him in changing to his nightclothes before undressing myself. I got him to slide across the mattress, but was dismayed when instead of reclining, he sat stiffly against the headboard. Finally, I crawled under the bedclothes myself. “Lie down, darling,” I whispered. “I have been longing to hold you, if you will allow me.” He nodded and stiffly arranged himself on his pillow. “No,” I reprimanded, gently. “Come lie here in my arms. You seem cold. Can I warm you?”
Sherlock had made himself quite ill with the smoke (I was out during the debacle and returned just in time to tend to him) (and apologise to Mrs Hudson and Belinda) and I was rather astounded that our landlady had not been stricter with him. Was this proof that at least some of her sometimes seemingly perpetual ire stemmed from simply being overworked?
“You weren’t planning to go last week when I spoke to you.”
meaning…?” she asked knowingly.
Mrs Hudson shook her head at my apparent naivete. “There are more ways around those than people to enforce them.”
In response, he dipped another segment of the orange into the marmalade first, and then into his tea. The result of that seemed to fascinate him.
John groaned.
For even as he succumbed to the effects of the sedative, his brother—whip-thin, scarred, starved, doped-up, strung out, beautiful, brilliant
“Yeah? I should’ve guessed. Probably hand-stitched by blind nuns or something.”
“He explained it to me earlier today.”
Hadn’t wanted to have a reason to have to ask.
“Who is it?” I finally demanded. “A lady friend? A paramour?”
“Sherlock, my love, you are the most observant man in England—”
“Yes, she does (I am surprised that he has noticed), and this is exactly the same thing.”
did? Whatever can you mean?” I wondered.
“You can ensure his safety?” I demanded.
Greg blew out an exasperated breath. “Will you at least come sit in my car, then? We can talk there, yeah?” The dark curls moved slightly. Yes, that would be acceptable. He found his helping hand being thrust impatiently away, but he managed to keep close as the thin figure turned rather shakily and began to move directly towards his car.
He thought about the music; what had he played? A great variety, if memory served. He struggled for a bit, but then notes and stanzas and movements started to come to him. He began to move his fingers; to bow over imaginary strings. Yes. This felt right. Classical pieces; uplifting and stimulating or achingly sombre. Popular tunes—he had rather grudgingly learnt some Christmas songs. People seemed to like those.
“That’s excellent, Sherlock,” Mycroft managed, his throat tight. “It’s even almost all in English.” He offered the paper back to his brother, but he shook his head and pointed at it. “What do you want me to do with it?”
“What about your family?” Greg had been trying to get more information out of—what had he said his name was? Sherlock? Really?
running through the city was fun
As I listened to her describe the odd man who had come inquiring for Sherlock’s services a few days ago (which is what had prompted her wielding her “weapon”), I gazed around our rooms.
“You did not!”
It alarmed me that Sherlock had not reacted to his brother’s words. He had apparently lost interest in our presence and was not listening to our exchange at all. He continued his activity, mumbling something to himself about hats. “I suppose Mrs. Hudson could have the rest of my things sent, couldn’t she, after I send my new address,” he mused. “I should like some of my books.”
those things, do they not?”
“When I was first beginning my investigative practice, I rather naively believed that it was easier to be ethical than to be virtuous—surely simply
I have tried every distraction I can fabricate. At first I thought that long walks would disperse some of his excess energy, but those always seemed to turn out badly. His outbursts of temper and poor judgement during these times nearly always lead to some sort of fisticuffs or illegal activity. How many times has he been escorted home by two able-bodied policemen?
It seemed harmless, and she would rather have her panting after a genius than some idiotic boy band singer. She would probably pass out cold if she knew who her mother was tending to. She was relieved that she had signed the confidentiality agreement; it would save a lot of arguing later.
His brother had been wonderfully well-behaved for a while. After seeing the medical team out, the government man had seated himself stiffly in one of the kitchen chairs; he did not spend much time in that room, and he most certainly did not eat in there. Sherlock was seated at the table, rather stickily working on his toast. The room was bright and cheery and homely, and Sherlock looked surprisingly relaxed, even as he carefully pulled the marmalade-covered toast into bits and gingerly stuck them in his mouth. He had a wound inside one cheek—probably the result of a fist smashing the soft tissue into his teeth; he chewed very slowly and stopped entirely for a while when one dry lip cracked and began to bleed.
He wondered if his brother would play the piano for him. He was probably out of practice, too, but he did well enough for accompanying him… if he could remember where his violin was.
“Under Mrs Hudson’s supervision, and no cooking, but yes. And finally?”
“You mean, is that all things that he actually saw, or experienced?” She looked close to tears. “Yes, I do.”
John?
“Corgi. The queen’s favourite breed.” She sounded a bit breathless.
I believe that I nearly injured him myself at that point, as my grip on him became even more intense. Still, he managed to continue.
“She had grown enamoured of him?”
“A bit more reading?” the nurse offered. He nodded, sliding one knuckle into his mouth and chewing on it thoughtfully. “Let’s get you cleaned up first.”
This particular episode—the first I was to witness—lasted approximately ten days in total. He spent a great deal of time in his bedroom. I did, of course, look in on him constantly, and sometimes brought him tea or some of Mrs Hudson’s good soup. I did as his brother had instructed, speaking gently to him, encouraging him to take some nourishment (I sometimes sat up with him in his bed and actually held the teacup or the spoon to his lips), and assuring him that the horrid mood would eventually pass.
“But I am afraid that I have not been entirely forthcoming as to the expression which my father’s resentment sometimes took.”
I trudged up the seventeen steps with a sense of foreboding. As I entered our sitting room, I nearly tripped over the coal scuttle. Sherlock was seated on the rug before the fire, his arms wrapped around his knees and his unlit pipe in his mouth. “Hullo, John,” he mumbled dejectedly, not bothering to turn to look at me. “Mrs Hudson is cross with me.”
He did not reply.
He nodded and I rose to fetch what I required. I glanced over at Mycroft Holmes. He had remained seated, but it alarmed me to note that he had sunk his head into his hands.
“Why?”
Mycroft Holmes and I tried, in turn, to explain and defend our strict and cruel regimen. It was, not surprisingly, useless—primarily because it was all true. His accusations, so precisely articulated, made me ashamed, but even then I knew that we had done what needed to be done, and I tried in vain to explain that to him.
“Holmes,” I interrupted. “Please forgive me, but I am going to take my leave. I am feeling distinctly unwell.”
It was the most coherent thing he had managed to say since his retrieval; it was practically a conversation.
“There is a reason for that,” he offered. I continued to put away my clothing and toiletry items whilst he talked. “John, I have to explain—my family—my family’s status was always rather precarious. My mother’s ancestor was an artist, after all—hardly a respectable thing. And my father’s… well, even if he did come from a good name he did essentially ruin it, at least in the small social circle in which they were included in their time.”
She could prove that we had been, at one time, neighbours.
Too close. He was too close and I was too close and I had been so close to release all day and I thrust and lubricated both of us with my perspiration and my hand continued to tease his bollocks and then I felt them tighten beneath my fingers and then we simultaneously assured the laundress of a very good week indeed—she would be dining on a joint herself the next Sunday, with all the extra she would be earning.
Molly Hooper made her way to the locker room slowly; it had been a busy shift and her neck and shoulders ached. She wanted nothing more than to get home and take a long, hot bath. She wearily inserted the key and pulled open her locker.
Sherlock did fairly well with the soldiers of toast covered in the rich, golden melted cheese, and even ate all the apple slices.
“Helen, whatever has happened?” I asked. I was distressed to note that she was red-faced and wet-cheeked, and her hat was on rather askew.
Sherlock was gone. He was never coming back. Thinking about him hurt far too much.
They had been uncertain what to do then. The thin man was essentially unconscious, but they had all clearly learned their lesson about his ability to both deceive them about his state of mind and to overcome his weaknesses.
The technician had suggested anesthetising him so they could go ahead with the procedure.
He would wake up shaking and panting and wanting Daddy very, very much, but Daddy wasn’t there.
“I am safe!”
[This portion is written in pen; the author in him seemed unable to resist the urge to set up his story with a proper opening.]
He shook his head in incomprehension.
Sherlock’s expression shifted from bored back to suspicious. “What’s going on, John?” he asked softly.
“What I find most distressing is
“I could not bear to put you in such jeopardy, Watson,” he told me whilst our client listened with her eyes wide. “That is why I insisted you remain in your chair—at what I judged to be a safe distance—whilst we awaited the serpent.”
“How did you get
“I’ve babysat for my sister’s twin boys for years,” Malcolm reassured her. “Right devils, both of them, and not one trip to A & E or 999 call on my watch.”
“S..wedes.”
“No, don’t pack any of his things,” the government man directed. “I don’t want to let him know what I’m planning—just in case something goes awry.”
“I told you? Why on earth would I tell you who my barber was, and when? I do not recall sharing such mundane details with you.”
Sherlock shuffled up the stairs, looking so put out Greg burst out laughing. “Here’s our very own personal Scrooge,” he declared.
“My love,” I continued, “if I did not want to be here, I would not be. It has been—how many—years? Surely you know that I understand that Sherlock Holmes is unique among men, and surely you know that I—your friend and lover and doctor and Boswell—adore you exactly the way you are.
hell. He’s still
“He… no. It wasn’t him. It was me.”
“Oh, aye,” he acquiesced. “Get on now!” he called out to his horse, and with a flick of the reins we sped away from the tidy house with the unexpected place settings for two so neatly laid out on the spotless dining room table.
A short time ago, he left for Farnham on his own to rectify my “faulty” expedition and that is perfectly fine with me. I hope he enjoys his bloody peaceful day in the country. I am quite tempted to leave him to his own devices for a week or two. The only issue which dissuades me from this plan is the note we received from Miss S. Even though she professes that her employer is being a gentleman, even in the face of her refusing his proposal, how much do we truly know about him? After all, he is the one with the odious bully of an acquaintance, Mr. Woodson, so clearly, he is at least sometimes a poor judge of character. I am anxious as to her safety.
Of course.
The older woman had, despite the multiple interruptions, put together a fabulous dinner. So much more aware of Sherlock’s oversensitivity to certain foods now, she had conferred closely with John to ensure that nothing would be alarming or distressing to him.
And of course, he hadn’t had to say a word.
His driver started to get out of the car. Sherlock’s reaction was instantaneous; every limb went stiff and his breathing sped up to an alarming rate. “Don’t!” Mycroft warned. “Leave him to me.” The man froze in place, one leg out of the car door. “It’s all right,” he soothed, trying to get his brother’s attention. “That’s just my driver. He’s going to take us home.” Sherlock’s eyes remained fixed on the driver, who had put his hands up in a gesture of surrender. He shook his head, then winced. “Your head hurts,” Mycroft stated. Sherlock now seemed confused; he couldn’t observe both his brother and the driver at the same time, trying to focus with his one uninjured eye. “Get into the car, come home with me, and I’ll give you something for it. And a bath and some clean clothing, yes?”
So, when she was given the word, she had swiftly made up the bed in the room next to Mycroft’s and stocked the bathroom with towels. She put together the simple meal requested. She had made a proper pot of tea and ensured that the rest of the kitchen was clean and tidy. She took great pride in how she kept the house and prepared the meals. Granted, she was a traditionalist, particularly in terms of menus, and she suffered in silence when Mr Holmes would hire one of those snippy “event planners” and a caterer for his frequent dinner parties. She did understand that those dinners had to be sharp and clever and very modern and honestly had no desire to learn how to make some of the ridiculous, fussy dishes, so she tolerated it, and she was always grateful not to have to serve, but sometimes she did wish to create a lovely, lavish, proper dinner for twelve, with roast beef and Yorkshire pudding and sprouts. These thoughts floated through her head as she took out a few slices of bread and retrieved the butter.
smile—one which, even between intimate friends and associates, could not be mistaken for anything other than what it was.
I myself am not certain.
We took our leave of the Blooms without another word from us or from them.
She had seen him ill. She had seen him strung out. She had seen him going through withdrawals. She had seen him angry and moody and distraught and violent.
“Head down to the Baccarat—lower ground floor. I’ll call them; let them know.”
“That’s brilliant, then. Makes it even better. Thank you.”
Oh, Sherlock. Wasn’t that what I had been trying to explain? “Because you are my closest friend,” I told him plainly. “I do not wish to see you move away to live in New York or anywhere else.”
“It seems to have been quiet today,” he stated. “Quiet” was a relative term, of course—he meant that he had received no urgent messages from anyone in his household regarding his brother, and he took that as a positive sign.
“It… I… I do not know.” I waited as he considered a bit and was rewarded when he finally continued, “Although I am not in the least bit hungry, I know that I need to eat. I do. But the fork is so very heavy, and when I get the food to my mouth, I cannot swallow it.”
Sherlock glanced over at me, chewing. “What is it?” he mumbled around his sausage.
He brushed past her and peered keenly at his brother, who was sleeping on the sofa, clutching one of the cushions to his chest. His lip had cracked again; there was a bit of dried blood on it. “Do you have something for his lips?” he asked, obviously wishing to change the subject.
“He is here, but he does not have to join us if you do not wish it.”
“He sleeps so little, but I do try to get him to lie down every night, beginning at eleven o’clock,” I explained. Of course, we could have no clock or watch in our rooms—I could picture all the gears scattered across the carpet—but there was a clock somewhere in the house that chimed out the hours. I had also made a point of opening and closing the curtains, keeping to regular times for meals, and other cues to help anchor him a bit. Mycroft’s own valet came in each morning—with two attendants—to shave both of us. Sherlock does not need to shave every morning (despite the thick curls on his head, he truly has very little success anywhere else) but I insisted that he at least try to sit still long enough for the man to attempt it. I admit to rather enjoying these morning ablutions and to growing rather spoiled during that time by not having to wield the blade myself.
“Oh, my,” she commented, turning to fetch the cleaning implements she would need.
The room was terribly cold. He was dressed, if not neatly, at least as completely as he was able (he had no boots or collar, but otherwise was garbed against the chill, including stockings). As he had no coat, he had wrapped himself in a blanket from the bed.
“It was so cooling.”
“Calm yourself. I presented myself as an old acquaintance of yours who had been out of the country for some time and was attempting to locate you.”
It took a while. Mycroft was amazed at her patience—and a bit alarmed at how long it took her to get his little brother to open his eyes (the swelling was going down a bit) and sit up. Winifred had wanted to get some tablets into him. She had procured some chocolate biscuits and a glass of milk from the kitchen and after she finally got him semi-awake, she offered them to him. He smiled guilelessly at her before carefully biting into one; wincing as he bumped his split lip.
“Anywhere you like, on the house—as our official thank you from Harrods.”
“Hello, Sherlock.” The smarmy man came in as if it was his room—oh, perhaps it was. “Mycroft Holmes,” he introduced himself. “Newest nurse?”
He emerged from the hidden entrance to his home office—which just happened to be in an underground bunker—and took a deep breath. He could use some exercise, and some dinner. Not necessarily in that order. He glanced at his watch and strode into the kitchen.
So what could I do to help my dear friend?
Of course, and most importantly, any letters between ourselves that would incriminate us in any way have been secreted with my other private papers or burned, and no eyes but our own had ever laid upon them.
“Give that to me,” he replied, indicating the knife.
“Do you think he would do that—spy on our sweet boy?”
He was perched in his favourite chair across from me, his long legs drawn up under his chin, his arms clasped tightly around them. His expression was anguished.
1) Sherlock did not care, in the slightest, if anyone thought that he was into kinky sex acts. Most people assumed that he wasn’t into sex acts of any kind, to be honest, and that was fine with him. That he was a homosexual—well, no one really cared.
“No swedes?”
Because if he did, he would look like a pirate.
He stared at me in surprise—not surprised at the interruption but apparently because it had not occurred to him that breathing was a necessity—and nodded emphatically. “Breathing,” he announced rather proudly.
[It is not known if the lady ever did write to the magazine, but no explanation was ever published and the doctor, writing the enclosed piece apparently in reaction to this letter, does not directly address her offer.]
“Yes?” I replied, growing even more concerned.
“Yeah. Come on. Up.” He was so slight Greg could probably have picked him up, but instead he carefully got him sitting up and slowly moved him back into the passenger seat of his car.
“Lith… ium. Beh… beryllium. Buh… boron.”
Not taking his eyes off me now, he ran his hand along the brass rail at the foot of my bed, his hand flat as if it rested on a fine, smooth table top. “And then what did I do?”
“Of course, I
He nodded sluggishly. The motion was in such contrast to the odd twitches and jerks he had been exhibiting that it was disturbing. Languid now, he seemed a different person. I thought that I had longed for him to be still, but this was not stillness. This was stupor, and it was not a solution to his condition.
stitching
“Ooo, look what’s for lunch, Sherlock—macaroni cheese!” Solomon enthused. He had been informed that that was—well, it had been—one of his favourites as a child, and Mrs Parker was willing to make anything to entice him to eat. Solomon did not mention to her that there was a specific reason that he had requested a childhood favourite, but when they arrived in the kitchen, she had taken one look at the thin man and nodded, giving the nurse a small, understanding smile.
She shook her head vigorously. “It is no use, Doctor Watson. I know what I saw with my own eyes, and that vile sight will undoubtedly haunt my dreams for ages. I will take my leave of you now.” And she swept past me and hurried around the corner that I had just come from. I sighed and took the few steps I needed to reach our door.
“Is that what is so upsetting? That greed led family members to lie? To commit a crime?”
“You never had any intention of staying clean,” the policeman commented. “How’d you convince the doctors to let you go?”
where
I laughed at this. Of course, he did not know what a dinosaur was. Like the earth revolving around the sun, this was simply not relevant to the great mind.
“I mean, my love, that you will
“I said that I do not want anything—do you not listen, you fool?” he shouted.
Ah. There he was. All six feet of consulting detective was stretched out under a blanket suspended between a table and two chairs, where he was lying on his stomach on top of a solid blue duvet, dressed in pyjamas. His feet were bare—his discarded socks nearby—and he had used a maroon satin dressing gown to create a sort of back wall to his—
“No! Not anymore.”
“You are brilliant,” I told him sombrely. I raised his hand to my lips and kissed it fervently.  “And what did you learn about them?”
Then something occurred to me. “Why did you think you would find the ring in all that muck?”
I settled him in the front of the trap, where he soon dropped his chin to his breast and buried himself in thought. The day was as perfect as I described, and even as I worried about my dear friend and his state of mind, I managed to enjoy the fresh air and early hints of spring. London is a bustling, progressive place to live, but sometimes the weight of humanity oppresses one, and it is pleasant to smell the moist earth and feel the sun on one’s face.
I managed to roll off my bed (I was lying on top of the bedclothes, of course) and regain my shirt and trousers. Not bothering with anything else (I strongly suspected that Mrs. Hudson was also barefoot in the privacy of her rooms), I moved slowly to the sitting room and rang.
I do not need to explain to you my shock and horror upon my discovery. I had been saddened to read of her passing—but of course you had abruptly moved away before that, without a word to anyone, which I found quite rude—and we had lost touch.
I admit that I am also somewhat apprehensive as to the safety of the young daughter in the house—there is no knowing what depths of depravity such a villain might sink to.
“Yes, of course I did,” she said a bit sharply, and I winced at my statement—it must have sounded rather condescending. “And I assured her that she is not going to be dismissed.”
I cannot—no, although I sat down to record all that occurred, I find that I cannot bear to think on it just now.
“I wish to hold you. I wish for us to be together in our bed. I wish to show you that I do—truly—want to be here with you. I get so terribly worried about you. When Mrs. Hudson brings up our next meal, I wish to… I wish to feed it to you. You must eat. You must sleep. Will you… do you think that, now that I am here, you can manage that?”
That evening I was able to move him into his bedroom, change him into proper nightclothes, and get him into his bed. I did not, of course, turn down the gas or close his door, and I made it very clear that even when I retired myself that I was just in the next room if he needed me.
“I said, what if you should not?” his brother repeated coldly.
“Emily,” he repeated, more quietly, “that proves nothing, as well you know.” This time I thought that, like Medusa, Mrs. Bloom’s glare would turn her husband into stone.
Despite the lateness of the hour, Mycroft’s housekeeper, Mrs Parker, appeared promptly with three lovely, soft blankets in shades of blue and purple. She had been with Mycroft for years and rarely blinked an eye at anything she was asked to do, or at the hour. The news that the younger Mr Holmes had finally returned had taken her slightly aback at first, but she had recovered quickly. Although she was not one of the people who specifically knew about the subterfuge on the roof of Bart’s, she had, over the past two years, through some oddly-worded conversations with her boss and some of his assistants, figured out the truth of the matter.
Winifred, who knew her replacement, Solomon, from the agency (Oh, good! She liked him; he was just the nurse for their patient), had reviewed his chart from the night with him and given him some instructions, quietly, in the hallway outside of the bedroom. Now that the older Mr Holmes had exited, they both went into the bedroom. The last she had checked, he had been sound asleep, but now their patient’s eyes had suddenly opened and his reaction to their presence was instantaneous.
“Cool!”
it would be forever
“Of course, we must go. It we do not, it will appear that she has been correct in her accusations and has frightened you into hiding.”
She looked over at him—I had him on the sofa and had covered him with a blanket—and the dismay on her face was painful. Her hand flew to her mouth. “Oh, Doctor Watson!” she exclaimed. “He looks dreadful. Yes, of course—I can have a very nice beef broth ready shortly.” She hurried back down the stairs and I sighed in relief. Beef broth was perfect—nourishing and warm and also easy to feed to him. I hoped that he would be able to take some in.
“Don’t be so childish,” I instructed, trying not to laugh. “You are positively foul. Why were you rolling around in manure anyway? Do I really want to know?”
“What do you mean?”
“Sherlock, those are all the shops I frequented. How in heaven’s name did you know where to go?”
“Yeah. He was all right earlier—mostly slept—but when I woke him for the barber, he sort of panicked. With the scissors and razor and all, it was more for his own safety than anything. He’s quiet now, but there’s no telling how he’ll be when it wears off. There’s tablets and syringes made up.”
“My dear friend,” I replied gently, “you know yourself that in order to heal as rapidly as possible, you must rest, and you cannot rest easily if you are in such great pain.”
The sponge made a sodden, wet squelch when I dropped it into the bowl.
The two large attendants had, reluctantly, left us, taking with them the remains of Sherlock’s uneaten meals, dirtied towels, and pot. I knew that there was someone posted outside the corridor door. Now Henry, with a look of strongest compassion in the direction of my friend, took a position directly outside the dressing room door.
But let me go back to the beginning. The first fact that had necessarily been changed was that I did not awake with Sherlock standing by my bed. No, it was our ever-patient Mrs. Hudson, in her night-dress and wrap, who stood there at quarter-past seven. We had long prior established an understanding of our arrangement, and even if she was not privy to the most intimate of the details, she knew that most nights Sherlock and I shared a bed. That night it happened to be his (it usually was), and she had shaken me awake, as I was on the nearer side.
His head bowed down.
His brother was unique, even among geniuses. He did understand it, even if he couldn’t assist in relieving him of the burden of much of it. Personally, he could turn it off and on—not the intellect, and not even the input, but the impact of those things, yes. He sometimes envisioned himself as one of those foam mattresses—one person could walk on it and on the other side, the glass of wine (how apropos) did not wobble. He could, when necessary, simple absorb all the data.
“Oh! Didn’t John tell you? I’m moving to New York. London is so dull these days, but New York is positively teeming with criminals. Some of the other cities are equally riddled, but New York has the best concerts. I suppose I shall stay in a hotel until I find lodgings—‘apartments’ is what they call them. American English is so very different; it will be engaging to learn the idioms in particular. I suppose I shall have make the acquaintance of the local constabulary—police force. And laboratory facilities because I can’t do all of my experiments in an apartment, can I? It will take some time to build up my equipment again. I don’t want any of my instruments shipped; they are so fragile so it’s best to purchase new you can buy practically anything in New York and they’ve got different food too that I will have to get used to do you think I’ll be treated differently because I’m English I hear that in New York being English is a perfectly respectable thing do they have clubs like in London—”
Oh. He had been listening. He slowly lifted his head and attempted to glare; it seemed that the effort was too great, and he fell back against the pillow heavily, but his eyes remained open.
“I’ll say.”
“Mary... Mrs. Watson used to attend to the inmates of the women’s prison,” I offered, sensing the direction in which my love was headed.
“Anything interesting?” I inquired when the silence finally unnerved me.
He was also in extremely high spirits—dangerously close to a manic fit, really. He has calmed down now, at least, but whilst he was relating to me his adventures he had that glitter in his eyes that always alarms me and generally heralds days of pacing, shouting, and breaking things. I will have to observe his mood quite closely for the next several days.
“Probably, but it seems such a labour-saving convenience,” I commented as I tested the water, adjusting the taps (and feeling quite the expert) so the water would be comfortable. “She should not be hauling hot water up the stairs for us any longer. We shall discuss it with her together. Now, all of that off.”
There were two people; they were quite dull and average and talked about boring things, but he wanted to talk to them nonetheless. He wasn’t at all sure why, if they were so mundane. Something about reading glasses? Getting shouted at. Getting a kiss on his cheek. Getting presents at Christmas. Very confusing.
anything.
“Oh, yes, of course—some folks are just covered in the pockmarks. Some people go blind.”
Winifred listened. She could hear her patient panting in terror.
“Which, of course, you cannot. Your accusations are falsehoods, fabricated by you. And to what end? Some mistaken belief that what you are doing is a moral imperative? That by taking someone else down, you somehow lift yourself up? But how can this be? For by creating these stories, you have actually broken one of the commandments that you avow to uphold.” He sounded genuinely perplexed.
“You seem to have him well in hand for the moment, Doctor Watson. I am sorry to say this, but I must take my leave of you now. There is urgent business which requires my attention. I will return after breakfast.”
Sherlock did not slow in his pacing as he spat vitriol at his brother; at me. He accused us of terrible things—we had kept him confined against his will. We had deprived him of contact with others; with knowledge of current events. We had finally stripped him of even the most basic of human comforts—fire for warmth; fire for light.
Mycroft made an exasperated noise and picked up the tea pot.
Mycroft glanced up as Anthea entered his inner office and firmly closed the door. “They’ll be ready shortly to take him for the CT scan,” she reported.
“Oh, I see.”
It felt marvellous. It still feels marvellous as I write this—his slight weight across my legs; his chest so thin that my arms wrapped completely around him. I could feel his breath against my neck. He was cold; he is almost always cold.
“Fine,” she replied. She gathered up her bag and cardigan.
The government man was aware of the little “game” that his brother and the doctor had played before Sherlock had gone away, and, perhaps a bit oddly, it had never bothered him. Perhaps it was because, like his intimate relationship and even simple friendship with Dr Watson, it was something that his brother had needed for a long, long time.
“There’s my sweet boy,” the doctor murmured approvingly.
“I thought she would be… enthusiastic about trying something new. She seems so keen to learn in general.”
had he been speaking
“Do you agree that you have no power over these fits?”
for me—to have some Daddy and ‘Lock time together.”
horses.”
At that moment, though, I was much more concerned with what Sherlock intended to do or what effect he intended to elicit, for the most horrific element of the situation was that there was not a word of her letter from our accuser that was untrue.
“She is embarrassed about the fact,” I suggested.
His driver’s statement nearly startled him. Nearly. He caught himself, hiding his reaction and considering his response as he poured himself a cup of tea. Composed once again (Did tea actually fix everything? Perhaps it did), he replied coolly, “He may be a bit dependent on me at the moment, but as he heals, he will go back to resenting my presence in his life. I believe giving him some independence will actually be a help.”
