“Aand he catches on,” the man says, “but he’s made it so wonderfully easy, hasn’t he? I was half tempted to just step back and take the credit when he inevitably backstabbed you.”
He doesn’t know what there is to be jealous about, and yet he feels it keenly, soaking into the very core of his being.
Steve livens up immediately when Tony makes his way over, a sort of relief written into his features. He doesn’t smile, not exactly. Tony, tipsy and warm, smiles back.
Tony’s phone rings around three in the morning, waking both of them. Steve’s the one who sprints to get it from the living room. Tony yawns twice and pulls himself up to sit against the headboard, still feeling dazed as he answers.
He can’t keep touching too long. He knows this.
Steve gets up, and Tony flops over on his side to watch the way his back muscles move when he stretches. There’s something poetic, he thinks sleepily, about the he looks nude among the expensive fabrics lining Tony’s closet, pale pink skin against deep reds and golds. He could take a a picture.
“You need anything?” The man asks. He has a deep voice, a little husky from sleep.
sweet.
“Seems like you’ve got a lot on your plate already, Stark.” He says. His tone is gruff, no nonsense, military. Last name, no “Mr.” or “Dr.” in front of it. In this world, something about this feels honest to the point of naïveté. Tony wants to reach over and pinch his cheek, just to see what would happen. “With the— whatever it is you do.”
Strangely, this seemed more intimate to Steve than it would have been had they really gone into the bedroom.
The new butler intervenes, offering him his usual morning assortment — coffee, food, colored water with chia seeds floating in it, for health reasons,— and some of the good stuff.
“Not around us. His secret identity is a big deal, bigger than the rest of us. He’s involved with both Stark Industries and the team, and apparently it’d screw over a lot of people if it came out who he is,” Giant-Man explains, “so he’s strict about it. Nothing like the Wasp over there, with her face out in the open.”
Steve swallows down a lump of burger.
. He remembers sitting side by side with Tony Stark to watch the video of the moon landing, the hope that had bloomed out of the emptiness of his chest, the gratitude.
For a second, Steve thinks he’s been shot. A sharp pain pierces his chest, leaving him breathless, nauseous. His vision swims. He can’t breathe. Something warm and slightly painful swims over him, a current, hot ants, waves of powerful, warm waterfall,
They drug his soda. Steve’s usually above this kind of thing, too present, too grounded, to fall for it. It’s not only his muscles that are peak human; his senses are just as keen. He should taste the faint metallic under taste in the Fanta, should feel something slightly off with the carbonation. He should be better than this.
“I don’t know what it is,” Steve continues, stumbling over his words like an eighth grader forced to give a book report in front of the class, floundering, “if you’re— in love with someone else, perhaps, or if you— aren’t wired that way, if I’m not—“
he thinks, followed, ridiculously, drunkenly, by,
He can’t cancel anything. He’s trapped.
He knows he’s been laid down on the floor because he’s staring at the ceiling, and hushed voices debating what to do next — he’s faking, he’s dying, we were gonna kill him anyways, shut up, idiot, don’t be so loud — and he thinks he ought to close his eyes but doesn’t.
“Steve,” he says again, out loud, feeling a ritualistic thrill in this resurrection, “Steve Rogers.”
In the familiar warm haze of pain, he loses track of how many time Steve hits him. Four blows in, he gives up trying to keep track of anything else and just breathes through it, a breath between each blow.
“Well,” he tells the girl, “I’m unfortunately dreadfully busy tonight. Can I get your number?”
“I don’t know what triggered that one,” he complains, “what’d I say?”
“Ah,” Tony says, watching his profile, “that hit some button? There, but for the grace of God…?”
Steve’s the only one who drinks, finishing off his coke. Well, Tony could have said that already.
Silently, Tony nodded.
in the morning, having left behind nothing but an apologetic note about his work remaining unfinished, some kind of emergency call back, and Tony sits on the edge of his bed and misses him, like a dumbass.
They’d come back together, just the two of them, after the battle with the Chitauri, and then after they had taken down the Liberators.
Tony turns the photograph over in his hands, half tempted to rip it to pieces just to prove a point about the impermanence of physical objects to a dead man. If he hadn’t found the picture now, it’d have been lost forever. Steve would have robbed him of it, and for what?
“He just said so,” Tony says, “on the telly. That means we can figure out who—“
Without asking, Tony reaches over and unzips the biggest pocket of his cargo pants, shoving the glove parts inside. “Careful with the sauce, now,” he says, like Rogers is a child, and doesn’t stick around to watch his reaction.
Shakily, Tony follows the instruction, wobbling slightly as he stands. He’s not going to walk; he can feel that.
At some point during the night, he calls the blonde woman from the party. To his surprise, despite the fact that he clearly sounds drunk, despite the fact that he’s forgotten her name, despite the fact that it’s been over a week since they’d last spoken, she agrees to meet. He sends a car for her.
He thinks about making conversation with the Pyms and immediately discards the thought; married couples younger than him have the tendency to make him feel depressed when he’s like this.
The terrorist cell leader is watching him, his eyes eagle-sharp, and Tony can’t write anything at all, can’t turn his arm to reveal what could be either a very out of character flower tattoo or a soulmate imprint, can’t reveal that he has a method of communicating with the outside world, as much as he plans on using it for nothing but a final goodbye.
Tony rolls closer, worms his way under Steve’s arm, and breathes in deep. Freshly showered, Steve smells like almost nothing; Tony catches the faint whiff of his own bodywash, a tasteful mix of cardamom and cedarwood.
supposed to work like that, that normally any images carried over are supposed to be temporary, that it’s really more about dreams and feelings and all of that stuff that’s hard to understand, hard to sort through. But maybe that’s the point. Maybe the universe had always known that Tony finds objective evidence reassuring, that fragile things like people and dreams come hard to him. Maybe this perfect fingerprint, as clear and objective as anything can be, was actually put there for him to find.
“No, that’s alright,” he says, and hops up to sit on the edge of the tub next to Steve, “what happened?”
Steve can also push him off. Steve has no issue pushing him off.
She surges down and kisses him again, hard. It’s awkward, because he’s not kissing back.
Tony reaches over, setting a light hand over Steve’s. It’s warm and calloused and real, in a way that the spell had never been. Something about it gives Steve the courage to continue talking. It all must come out, he knows. It will one way or another.
Behind him, Tony yells something, the words muffled by the gag.
When he was twelve years old, he’d checked a copy of
Someday, he’s going to make Steve slow down, watch him take his sweet time with himself. Tonight, he only wants to get close, to feel Steve’s body over him and around him, taking him in.
Steve barely wrangles him onto his feet and into the shower, where he leans heavy against his chest and closes his eyes.
Stark knows. He can see the handprints, the things unspoken hanging over Steve. He’s thinking a word about him, and Steve doesn’t know which one.
“Any idea who he was working for?”
Tony’s objective here is clear. He cannot make it too obvious he’s here to look for Amora. At the same time, he must show interest in her, engage her enough to learn anything of use.
“Guess that was the other woman,” Steve jokes, hoping to break the tension.
“I’m dying,” Tony says, cutting him off.
Natasha, he remembers, had wanted both of them at their wedding.
“Can you believe I actually planned to seduce him when I first joined the team?” she asks, “God, look at him.”
“Oh, don’t stop on his account,” she says, “not unless you’re aiming for the most misplaced act of charity since—“
Steve sighs and stands to go talk to the pilot. Tony wonders who it is and guesses Happy Hogan. The missing body heat has left his side cold. He’s suddenly shivering. The implications pour over him in waves, relief mixing with regret. The helicopter changes its trajectory, soars back into the air.
“C’mon,” Steve puts a hand on his back and urges him to stand, “Get up.”
“I couldn’t see, and with the way you were talking,” he says, “just for a minute, I—“
They held eyes for a moment. Tony seemed on the verge of saying something else, but he pushed it down, smiled at Steve once, his blue eyes watering. “Goodbye, Winghead,” he said, Iron Man’s nickname for him — funny, the sorts of things people said in times like these — and took future-Steve’s hand.
“Never have I ever flashed half of SHIELD,” Natasha counters lazily, “dick slips count, Tony, drink up.”
Rogers hasn’t eaten. Tony is half expecting a loud, cartoon-like stomach rumble, but he’s disappointed; Cap just shrugs, his face a little pinched.
She locks eyes with Steve. And there it is again, the gaze, the gooseflesh, the overwhelming feeling of being observed, being
Captain America’s right thumb is covered with black ink, held in all these years by the tightly-set glove. The other glove had torn, but this one, heavy and rubber, had stopped the water from coming in before the ice had. Just above it, on his wrist, the same circle-with-a-line symbol is water-damaged and smudged. Tony wonders, distantly, what meaning it had once had.
His own heart is pounding hard in his chest, the thrilled excitement fading into a tense unease.
“Sure,” he says, wondering what the hell has gotten into him — he’s never before had an issue domming, and Steve is a hard man to hurt, “you want me to pick out the equipment?”
He was pale, breathing heavily. Steve’s heart pounded desperately against his ribs, relief and worry mingling. “Ow,” he muttered, and rolled off Steve.
It has to. That’s what soulmates mean.
Steve blinks at him, clearly caught off guard, “I am?”
He hadn’t wanted Tony to see the cake. The cake looked like garbage. He should have been happy that it had been cut up without any attention being paid to it.
He keeps trying, writing several times a day like the right combination of words will get him through. Open sesame, he thinks, again and again, trying,
“Well, Gandalf cracked,” the voice is familiar, though Tony can’t assign a name to it — one of the techs they’d left their perps with, “showed us the wand they’d been using on your guys and everything.”
Steve peeks in, earnest, kind Steve, his face open and easily readable. Tony can see his interest in the new room, his faint excitement.
“Are you alright to continue?” He ought to know the reporter’s name. He doesn’t. He’d been thinking about sleeping with her, but suddenly, he’s just bored of the idea as the rest of the interview.
It wasn’t supposed to have been so complicated — the mission had gone off course almost at minute one.
“The team,” Steve starts, unsure what he is about to say, “Tony…”
I’ve always felt some kind of way about things anyhow
“Forgive me, Cap,” he says, throwing him a casual, self-deprecating grin. People have been clamoring to talk to him all night, so, naturally, Tony wants to hold up the person anxious to get away from him. “Thinking like a reporter. I’ve been considering branching out.”
The elevator doors opened. The rest of the Avengers, who’d probably been getting impatient waiting, exploded streamers and tossed handfuls of confetti at them.
makes him feel like a vitamin supplement.
to remain friends with, to whom he still feels an irresistible physical attraction, that he’s worried about.
In the light, he recognizes them immediately, the gleaming gold, the little touches of red. They’re ornamental, beautiful, even. This hadn’t been his first time wearing them.
“I saw the press release about losing communication.” Tony replies, feeling the need to justify himself. “I thought it could mean…”
“I’m not a Nazi! I didn’t mean to say I’m a Nazi. Fascism is— it’s bad. That's my catchphrase, actually. Fascism... bad.”
and the writing fades then vanishes. It’s gone through. She’s gotten it.
“You missed the action, Shellhead,” he says, tossing Tony a grin, and he could cry.
“Better than what?” Steve asks, peeking through the the door of the closet.
“Oh,” A sadness flashed on future-Steve’s face that could only mean one thing. “No. No, that won’t be possible.”
Rogers scowls at him. “I like it better than all those flicks. It’s modern. I can handle that.”
When he wakes up, the first thing he’s aware of is that someone had taken off his suit jacket. The dress shirt he’s wearing is soaked with water and sweat. He’s cold. His left shoulder is pressed against something warm, and, feeling a faint pang of pain under his ribs, he leans closer to the source of heat and smells Steve’s aftershave. They’re in seats, side by side.
For a while, things are quiet and entirely supervillain free. Iron Man saves a few kittens here and there — gotta love the guy — and Tony checks in semi-regularly for training exercises with the Ultimates, but, for the most part, he continues to play out overfamiliar scenes on the grand stage of his life, feeling more like an actor than an active participant.
“Jan, baby—“ Steve starts, discomfort climbing quickly into a more pronounced, angry sort of upset, but Jan hears none of it.
Their fingers brush. Stark has just come in from the cold; he’s wearing gloves. When their eyes meet, the look is too significant to be natural.
How could ever think that he could? How could he
Steve turns on the television. Tony catches his eye and swings his feet onto the couch, his soles pressed against Steve’s warm, firm thighs.
The next year, he doesn’t dream almost at all, driving himself to the point of exhaustion working every night. His parents leave him suddenly, in the kind of awful, meaningless accident that could have been prevented with a little bit of care in the braking systems of a car. He buys the company. He fixes the brakes. He throws himself into his father’s business like it’ll give him the posthumous approval of the man himself.
Another beat passes between them. Steve, finally, seems to have caught on to the fact that this isn’t normal. He’d really wanted to say the phone thing, Tony guesses.
is nearly gone. “Y’can do more next time. I like it.”
“Yeah?” Arnie asks, glancing down at his own arm, “that’s nice, only I can’t draw.”
, 1:30 AM.
So it’s probably a blessing in disguise that Steve finds the sex toy closet.
“I didn’t mean to wake you,” says Steve.
The lab is a huge space, comparatively narrow but
He traces Steve’s hand with his fingers, feeling the little upward jut of his ulna just over his wrist, worms his fingers under the glove to feel the rush of blood under his skin, to feel his heart beat.
Steve reached up to put two hands on his shoulders, bracing them, and Tony’s eyes darted towards him.
For some reason, this didn’t seem to comfort Tony. He looked about to cry, and, slow, he stepped closer to Steve, his fingers brushing lightly against his sleeve. “I—“
“Cap.”
He supposes he’d have to be smart to pull this off.
The sleepiness is gone, replaced with a deep, thrumming anxiety. Tony wraps the bandage around Steve’s ribs and lets his hands linger on Steve’s pecs, feeling the steady beat of his heart, freakishly low.
It hasn’t been long, if it’s still the same song. Five minutes, at most.
“I tried to pick up the landline,” Steve informs him.
He texts Steve the time and dress code, harasses him into surrendering his suit jacket to fitted properly, and picks him up a week later in the limo he owns just to be annoying. It’s fun, Tony realizes — he’d having fun arranging this, having fun mildly inconveniencing Steve, having fun imagining the kind of picture they’ll make together.
’ has one hell of a sense of humor, darling.”
He crosses the room, fiddles with the mike. When he glances up, he sees another figure in the doorway, framed in shadow, wide shouldered in a way only Steve Rogers and Thor are. The spiky hair and military posture leave only one possibility.
“Aw, shut it.”
Though if he had one, he thinks, he’d treat her right. She’d be special to him, and he’d take her out dancing, and he’d draw her, he thinks, and he’d—
“I didn’t do that,” Tony said, frowning. “I hadn’t even gotten started. Someone on your side must be trying to get you back, after all.”
But she interrupts him, continuing as though he had not spoken. “I’ve been trying to find out what he wants. It’s so easy, you know, with all your people. You, for instance—“
He doesn’t hear Steve comes up. Steve’s big, calloused hands close over his wrists, and as Steve shoves him back against the mattress, he gives a choked gasp and pushes back, kicks out automatically.
It’s true. He can’t believe it. Even now, he can’t bring himself to fight back, to hurt her.
He can feel Cap’s eyes on his back as he leaves the room. Privately, though, his mind elsewhere; he’s imagining everything he could do with Cap’s time, if he wins the bet.
He likes the hands, though he never sees anything past them; oddly, they make him think of Arnie, and there’s something reassuring about that.
s when it’s someone else saying it. It’s classic, almost brotherly. Seeing his best friend so relaxed about Stark, occasionally defensive, helps put Steve at ease with him as well, makes him feel almost protective; Stark’s strange, sure, but he can’t be so bad.
“Yeah,” Steve said. He couldn’t believe this was happening. Part of him, still, selfishly wanted to stop Tony, to grab him by the sleeve, to tell him every reason not to go. But he couldn’t, couldn’t choose his momentary happiness over his friend’s life. “Of course.”
“Master Tony,” he starts, casually, “I’m afraid we didn’t have any ostrich eggs, but I did find a—“
Nothing works.
, which is the day after Tony’s birthday, and a Friday. The Avengers had thrown an awkward little party for their benefactor. Steve, who had baked the cake out of a box mix he’d bought at the grocery store and whipped up icing on the mansion’s stand mixer, which made him feel like a millionaire, felt self-conscious of it.
“Signal jammers,” Steve says, taking a sip of Tony’s coffee, “stolen from you, apparently.”
He’d never known her to be religious.
The butler stares at him. Used to Jarvis, Tony expects, hopes, to be absolutely eviscerated by whatever is about to come out of the man’s mouth, but he just nods and retreats to safety outside of Tony’s room.
“It’s no use,” cuts in a dry voice from behind him. Steve orients himself to where it came from, and sees a short, chubby figure behind him, leaning against the doorway. It’s a man with a flat, pug-like face, perhaps in his forties, dressed in a dress shirt and pants. He gestures upwards, indicating the handcuffs, “these were designed by this generation’s greatest mind, specifically for you, Commander Rogers.”
“Oh,” Arnie says, “I like music.”
“Afternoon,” Steve says, politely, “How are you feeling?”
Steve stays silent for the rest of the night, and Tony murmurs aimless, senseless compliments, his hands alternately in Steve’s hair and on his thighs.
“Oh,” Steve says, “I don’t think this is your tumor.”
“You don’t have anything over me,” Steve says. “I want this out. Your blackmail—“
“Nat,” he says, a realization suddenly dawning, “Nat, no. Oh, no.”
Tony leans against the wall in the hallway as his two guests go for their coats. Thor’s headed for the door first, and he lets him go, his eyes fixed on Cap.
“We aren’t going to say anything,” Fury had said, “I’m just letting you know.”
With each sentence, the
“What are you talking about?” He asks, “It sounds like world war three is going on out there. We need to—“
“You’d be okay without me, wouldn’t you?” He asked, speaking so softly Steve could only barely pick it up, “I’m leaving all my money to the Avengers. Iron Man, I—“
“Paintings,” Tony repeats, “no florals, though.”
It’s almost cute to watch the guy fumble at the finger food tray, cute in the same way that a lion is cute when you slap a tutu around its neck. He won’t take his gloves off, but he’s clearly uncertain about crumbs and food juice on the brand new, shiny red leather, property of SHIELD. Tony watches him reach for the skewered shrimp and immediately pull his hand back, and realizes he’d never had a choice to begin with.
The biggest problem in his life turns out to be his soulmate.
“Cheese,” Steve says, his back still to Tony. Tony’s phone makes a little fake camera click. For a moment, staring at the planes of his back, the perfect curve of his ass, Tony contemplates the possibility of making this his lock screen picture, and discounts it. He’ll have to get it printed.
“Well,” Tony says, “What are you waiting for?”
His face is wet, eyes red, the gag mangled and half bit through. He’s breathing quick, shallow. He doesn’t have enough air, Steve thinks, and that thought snaps him into action.
In a perfect picture, he’d have a pair of reading glasses perched on his nose, but he doesn’t need them. Will never need them, assuming the super soldier serum doesn’t fail him.
He’ll have to keep checking.
Another few seconds pass.
“Ah. Well. Nothing surprising there.” Tony clicked his tongue, and then seemed to force himself to focus on different matters, “If you’d like to shower and change, I’ll have Jarvis bring down some clothes for you. You can meet us three at the party.”
“Oh, just.” Tony comes to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Steve, and, unable to help himself, flicks on a little display light overhead. The smooth rubber buttplugs on the top shelf shine slightly in the yellow light. “This and that.”
“I know,” Steve says, setting a hand on the chestplate, “well, not the scarred bit, I didn’t know that, but— you built it when you built the suit, right?”
“That’s her other lover,” Tony finds himself telling Steve. “The guy in the red shirt.”
In the dim light of the car, Steve looks good. The military suit, cinched at the waist now in a way he’d never allowed before, flatters his silhouette even sitting. He smells nice, too, simple, clean aftershave the taint tang of body wash. He must have just showered. It makes Tony want to call the night off and just—
And then, slightly sheepish, Steve clarifies, “For the bet.”
Tony watches him go, feeling a strange mix of failure and relief. Then, as he’d wanted to all along, he strips off his blazer and socks, takes off his belt and tosses it on the floor.
“Yeah, sure,” Steve says gruffly. His arm, muscled and long, immediately attracts the attention of the waitress.
and Janet, more amused by the suggestion than aroused, agrees,
It’s a gag, meant to muffle all sound. He recognizes it.
Steve hisses out a breath as Tony presses a medical sponge to the wound, squeezing his eyes shut.
Ten minutes later, Steve’s fucking him, long deep strokes, and Tony takes Steve’s hand and pulls it to rest over his own throat. “You could—“
Steve says, “Oh.” and they’re silent again until the helicopter lands.
His heart hurts, too, a familiar ache. If he’s here too long, he’ll run out of juice and die.
He can’t do this right now. He needs to focus on the mission at hand.
He feels Steve’s mood so clearly that he realizes it can’t just be his imagination.
“Thanks, Steve,” he says, glancing down at his computer monitor. No living family. No records, probably, except for this one, decades old, hanging out unobtrusively in cyberspace. He wonders what the last time had been that someone had thought of Steve Rogers.
It chases him scuttling back to acting, to falsehood. He pulls his keys out of his back pocket and presses his house key to Steve’s neck, cold metal against skin. Steve’s blindfolded; he won’t be able to tell what this is.
Cap’s not stopping him, though. He wonders exactly what he could get away with, what Cap would let him do.
He’d sat close to Tony that night, packed into his in-home theater. His cologne had been musky, rich, laced with the same mystery spice. There had been motor oil stubbornly clinging to his fingers.
“Yeah, uh, it sure is.” Steve takes a step further into the lab, closer to Stark. Now, he’s picking up sweat in the air, the literal smell of fear. This is a man with something to hide if he’s ever seen one. He wonders if this has anything to do with the little device he’s dropped onto the floor, with whatever corded thing he’s hiding under his shirt.
Had there been something he’d missed all along? Dreams, feelings, everything he’d dismissed in favor of computer codes and cold, clean mathematics?
The man steps forward. In the light, Steve can see his face, smooth and white and slightly bulbous, two chins and swollen eye bags.
Words fail him.
Lucy blinks, thrown. “Course it does.”
XXX-XXX-7744
“And what will that be, then?” Steve asks. He’s still half in his coat, half out of it.
But his gut kept telling him something was wrong.
“Oh,” Steve says, and then shrugs, like it’s no big deal, “you’ll send me the time and dress code, then.”
to be Iron Man. You
I said I was posting every week, but the giddiness of finishing a fic makes me immediately post it literally every time. Hope you enjoy this chapter! It's the one where the sex happens.
It’s a chilly night. He’s turned off all the lights he could, and he stares up at the full moon and the sparse stars visible through New York City’s light pollution.
“No,” Fury says, undercutting him, “you’re not.”
“Alright,” Steve says, plainly. He doesn’t look at all put out by this request.
Steve sits back down on edge of the bench-like leather seat, tense in anticipation of movement. There’s more space here than most cars would have, but they’re both tall men. If they do this, this’ll be a little awkward.
He hates the sympathy he’s imagining behind Stark’s dark glasses, the warm blue eyes he can call to mind a little too easily. He hates the comfort he draws from his touch, hates the fact that, even now, he trusts Tony to have his back. Even now, he expects them to work together seamlessly, knows they’ll be on the same page. He can’t stand it.
The pain fades, slowly, his thigh throbbing with with every breath he takes. His whole body is on fire, and the world is cold and slow around it. Now, he feels everything at once: the grooves of Steve’s fingers on his skin, the callouses on his hands; bits of drool trickling down his chin where the gag has forced his mouth open, cold and wet; his erection, stiff and uncomfortable against his stomach, throbbing; Steve’s eyes on his face, on his hands, alert and calculating.
If SHIELD has this written down, anyone else could get their hands on it. If SHIELD has this written down, it will take one breach for the whole world to know, and then it’ll be their words, and not his.
Iron Man had told them he wouldn’t be able to make it. Iron Man, Steve remembered, still fretting over the cake, which looked messy at best despite his best efforts, had also encouraged Steve to bake.
“I just can’t,” Iron Man, to many of Steve’s suggestions — opening up the bottom part of the helmet to partake in coffee and cookies, coming to the Avengers party in a masquerade mask, picnics of any variety whatsoever, “the boss would never let me.”
“With Hank,” Steve adds miserably. He’s pulling on the stitches hard enough now that Tony thinks they might give. “Who damn near killed her. Hit her in the face hard enough to snap her palate clean in half. I don’t understand how—“
Someone has leaked the truth about the Hulk. Thor has quit the team. Bruce Banner’s trial is televised, live. Outside the mansion, crowds of protestors wave signs calling for his head.
“You dropped this.” Stark’s holding out a notecard.
He steps back out of the light, following Tony at an unhurried pace along the perimeter of the room, and feels himself all but disappear to the party guests. It’s an odd feeling; their eyes scan him, taking in the uniform but not the face, and move on with no glint of interest, recognition. Used as he is to immediately attracting attention, he can’t decide how to feel about it.
“I’m an eccentric billionaire scientist,” Tony told him, “it’s what we do.”
Lunch finished, he keeps walking, sipping absently at the Fanta. He’s due back at work until the meeting with Hill at three, and, despite knowing he ought to be catching up on paperwork, he walks long, ambling circles through the New York City streets, not realizing he’s walking to the cemetery until he’s gotten here. The walks, too, have become routine, as has staying up late into the night to catch up on the actual work he misses during the day.
When it ends, Tony feels like it’s only just started, or perhaps like it’s the only thing he’s ever experienced. Steve lets go and his legs shake and fall forward without the support. He rests his bound ankles on Steve’s shoulder and Steve lets him, turns his head to press a kiss to his lower calf.
His dick responds automatically to Steve’s hand, hardening under the familiar touch of his firm, calloused fingers. Steve knows exactly how he likes it, and he throws his head back, muttering an appreciative, “There you are, darling,” as Steve strokes him to full mast.
“Alright,” Rogers says, “when I like this, I’ll take a book from you.”
And here’s his chance. Steve can roll with it, profess his feelings to be entirely platonic, and move on with his life, leaving things how they are.
He feels the need to beat Steve to it, to say something that will exonerate him, but he can’t think of anything.
She glances over at him, surprised at the urgency in his tone. “What?”
“SPECIAL FORCES SOURCE: Captain America Lost In Combat?”
It has to be the drink.
When Steve wakes up, he’s chained to a chair.
“From Steve Rogers.” It’s clear he intends the way he says the name to be casual. It doesn’t work.
When he comes to, which can’t be a very long time later, he’s in the waiting room of an office building, his head resting on scratchy bright yellow sofa cushions. The light is too bright. His chest hurts, the cool air stinging exposed skin. The gag is off. Tony, half in the suit and half out, is pulling the handcuffs off him as well.
“Sure.”
He jolts awake, the dream only half-remembered. His eyes are watering. His blanket has fallen on the floor.
Tony can’t help it. He has to keep poking, to find the holes in something too good to be true. “Why’d you ask me to come here?”
The newcomer glances down, seemingly focusing his attention on freeing Steve’s other ankle. “He— he didn’t want me around anymore. He didn’t like how close I’d gotten to the team. He didn’t like how close I’d gotten to you.”
Ma’am, where is Dave’s Bagels, he’s not wearing a costume, ma’am, he’s Captain America, and where the fuck is Dave’s bagels—
“Oh, it’s just one of those wacky old collectibles I’m getting rid of, Rogers,”
gets it, suddenly: I’ve been this way all along.
Steve reaches down, running his fingers, rough, calloused, over the deep lines in Tony’s forehead, the sharp divot of the bridge of his nose.
Years ago, Tony had gone swimming with orcas in the icy waters off the coast of Norway. He’d chosen whales because sharks were too normal, too predictable, too easy. Half his friends had swam with a great white. He’d been struck by the ocean as much as the whales themselves, the cruel bite of cold even through his thermal wetsuit, the jerky, unpredictable shadows moving under the ice.
It’s a man. He’s tall and broad, tanned, his features sharp, light brown hair smoothed back with pomade. He wears a nondescript uniform, vaguely Jarvis-like; there’s the white button-down and vest, the black slacks,
And so, an hour after the party, he followed his future self and Tony into the workshop. He burst in without knocking and found no horrible scene awaited him.
“Oh.” Steve says. He puts his hand on Tony’s solar plexus, fingers splayed, like he knows the root of the issue lies in Tony’s strange, broken insides. “Yeah. I’ll be rough with you.”
This time, Tony lets him try to get to his feet. Steve makes it, then sways, realizing the near-impossibility of putting one foot in front of the other.
A single shot rings out, piercing the silence.
Iron Man pulls up short. “Train me?”
“Med bay at the mansion,” Tony compromises, “I’ll call my own doctor. But it’ll be fine now. The danger’s passed. I have, uh— I have experience.”
to do this.”
He took the letters from Tony, thumbed through them, and tucked him into his inside pocket. “Nothing for Iron Man?” He asked, noticing the missing letter. He didn’t want a momentary lapse of memory to leave the guy feeling abandoned, forgotten — and they’d certainly always been close, Iron Man and Tony, right?
Tony stands shakily, accepts Steve’s arm when offered. He might as well reap whatever benefits this situation provides, for both their sakes; he can’t imagine how much worse Steve will feel if Tony ducks away from the touch.
“Let’s leave.”
He holds out
Tony finds the photograph on the bottom of a box labelled “team stuff” in masking tape. When he’d been clearing out his workshop, he’d mistaken the box for something useful; perhaps the new invisuit he’d been working on for Cap, the improved version of the widow bites for Natasha.
“No,” he says, “didn’t mean anything by it, old boy. Stay.”
Despite himself, he feels his stomach rumble.
He finds something comforting in the word, repeated until it has lost all meaning. The “o” is now a circle and nothing more, the “s” a slithering, curved line, the “r” a squished check mark. He makes each successive word look exactly the same, the letters perfect copies of each other, and tries to will nothing else to matter.
For a moment, the pain is all he can think, all he can feel. He thrashes against the bonds, shouts through the gag. Steve’s grip on his ankle tightens as he kicks up, against his hand.
“It wasn’t you,” he says, “As the… the lies got under my skin, I think part of me would have been upset no matter who Iron Man was.”
he thinks now, the same way he thinks when he’s talking himself into a third drink, a fourth, a fifth.
“I think,” he said, slowly, “that the issue is h—“
If Steve was a woman — if either one of them was a woman — Tony knows just what he’d do.
When he wakes, he’s strung up by his arms, his feet barely brushing the concrete floor under him. His shoulders ache, sharp pins and needles traveling up his arms as he tries to move them. He tastes dirt, spits a glob of it out onto the concrete floor in front of him, along with several long green blades of grass. Cemetery soil, he thinks. On the way down.
“Show me,” Tony inhales sharply as Steve rolls his hips, feeling out his new position, “show me what those thighs are good for, soldier.”
They watch, Steve in disbelief and Iron Man without much reaction, as Thor dives straight into the lava to pursue their attackers. And then, knowing there’s no time to spare in a situation like this one, Steve takes Iron Man by one over-heated elbow and leads him out of the ditch and back to the surface.
“I’d say have fun, but that’d be against my own interests, wouldn’t it?” As Cap sits back down, Tony lets his hand fall casually onto his shoulder, squeezing the place where his neck begins. The curve of muscle is solid, perfect, and Tony thinks he could close his eyes and be able to identify each muscle in Cap’s body by touch alone. Here’s the trapezius, and there, under and over, the deltoid, and there—
“It wouldn’t be funny, Stevie,” he says, “be terribly sad, that’s all.”
“I know,” Steve says, another lie, clearly visible, “I’m just thinking of one.”
“I told you I’d say the time and place,” Tony’s annoyed Steve isn’t keeping up with his train of thought. What’s not to get? “‘Cos you owe me.”
He leaves her sitting in one of the plush, comfortable chairs scattered around the ballroom and crosses the room. Jarvis, already at his side and grumbling about something or other, pours him a gin and tonic.
“No need to look so glum about it, Cap.” The Wasp shoves him playfully. She’s short enough that her shoulder only hits the crook of his arm. It’s funny how physical she is, how touchy; women didn’t hold themselves like that back home.
Tony closes his fingers over the clapper of the bell to make sure it doesn’t ring. He wants this, wants it so badly he feels hollow without it.
They settle into a relatively stable dynamic. Both of them talk to the team, Tony significantly more than Cap. Neither of them talk to each other, outside of tactical exercises.
He stands around for half an hour, idly watching Steve’s figure as he talks to one group of men after another, meets his team, disappears into the plane.
“You wouldn’t be the one doing it,” Steve points out pragmatically, with a take-it-or-leave-it kind of shrug. His voice is gruff with the kind of masculinity he puts on for the women.
Two of them would go undercover into one of the galas she was expected to make an appearance at and attempt to glean more information, find out the workings of her inner circle. Steve dyed his hair and donned the black suit of a bodyguard, where his build wouldn’t provoke suspicion, hoping to overhear rumors from other staff at the event. Tony could simply go as himself — no one would question his place at the event, nor the fact that Iron Man may be close on his employer’s heels.
“Thanks,” he says, taking the card.
He’s paranoid, as he always is, that Stark weapons have somehow gotten out, that whoever it was that had been close enough to reroute a shipment of communication technology could almost have been close enough to get their dirty mitts on old blueprints, on things he’d ordered for the Iron Man, for the team.
Tony spends it in the air, providing support for Thor against enemy aircraft, stopping falling debris, trying to prevent civilians from being crushed by the horrible metal machines tumbling out of the sky.
It’s true, Steve thinks.
“Well,” Tony said, “Twenty minutes ago, I would have told you I wasn’t, but…”
Iron Man has been swarmed by the oncoming army, pinned to the ground by several humanoid creatures. Steve thinks he hears the faint sound of a man’s groan, of Iron Man’s metal fingers scratching impotently at the rocks. In his suit, the heat must be unbearable.
Unwilling to keep playing with only three, Tony lazily collects everyone’s cards and shuffles them.
Steve stares up at him, one eyebrow raised. He’s receptive, in an amused kind of way. He’s also huge — his shoulders alone nearly fill the space between seats, the outline of his back visible even through his blazer. Three hundred and fifty pounds of superhuman muscle, and he’s on his knees in Tony’s limo, waiting patiently to be allowed to suck Tony’s dick.
“So?” he demands, “what happened?”
It also doesn’t go over well at work, which continues to be as busy as ever with the extra bonus of lowered morale. He texts Steve, words this time,
“Just wanted you to want me,” he says, “’s all.”
“You asked to look,” the leader says, “so look.”
In his peripheral vision, he sees the man watching him glance down at his phone and frown, jamming out a response with clumsy, fat thumbs. It’s getting dark outside, drawing close to eight. It’s now or never, Tony thinks, and, moving slowly, unobtrusively, rolls us his sleeve.
“Of course, of course,” Tony says, “I’m happy to help. I think I can find his room, though I’ve forgotten the number.”
Here’s Tony’s problem: he’s an extrovert. When given the choice between going home alone and not, he’s always going to choose the former.
When he raises a hand to his face, though, he realizes his eyes are dry. Blinks twice, confused, growing concerned, spins on his heel to look around himself, suddenly realizing he’s unsteady catches himself on the gravestone of Charles Rice, 1981-2003, misguided in life, now resting safe and at peace, crumbles to his knees.
“Look at me,” Steve says.
Future Steve sat down on the couch next to them, his side brushing against Tony’s. For a moment, Steve expected Tony to stand up and go, but instead he moved awkwardly to one side, leaving two inches between him and each Steve.
They don’t have time to talk anything, the next time they meet afterwards; they’re leaving to deal with extraterrestrials in Micronesia. Suited up from the start, Tony isn’t on the plane with the rest of the team, but he does tune into the radio comms, and here he hears a clipped, terse Cap, a Cap he’d only briefly glimpsed when they were up against the Hulk.
Steve stares at him, speechless.
“Takes it out of you,” Tony complains, putting the bandages back into the first aid kit and his feet up on the couch, “think there’s still swamp water in the boots of the armor.”
They drink. Though Thor and Steve stay another hour, sipping coffee and eating the figs Tony has gotten into the habit of getting imported, Hank and Jan never show.
“Steve,” Iron Man says, “help me into my armor. We have to get out of here.”
“No,” he says, “that wasn’t it.”
Tony laughs. “
He doesn’t hit as hard again. He doesn’t need to. Every nerve in Tony’s body feels overexposed, pulled to the surface just under his skin. Steve hits with his flat palm, once, twice, three times, and the sharp pain dulls and mellows.
A neat line of cursive curves over his wrist. It’s written in a childish, rounded hand, girlish but without flare. Steve makes out a “y w-e-“ and then hits two letters that don’t exist in the English alphabet. It’s in a language he doesn’t speak, but he can’t help his amazement anyways.
“So what about you, Tony? Why did
hung in the air, unspoken.
As Tony assures the terror cell that this’ll just be a quick fix, he promises, he tries to tally in his head how much time he has left. On a good day — which, considering the drugs and the exhaustion and the stress, this is decidedly not — he goes twelve to fourteen hours between chestplate charges. He had last  charged it at around eight that morning. Judging by the setting sun outside, it can’t be past seventy-thirty, but can’t be much earlier, either.
He can see that the formality stings, but Tony only presses his lips together, a thin, white line, and shakes his head. “Okay,” he says, sounding like he’s trying hard to look amused, sardonic, and just missing the mark, “tell me what you think I’m upset about.”
Numbly, he reaches over and helps Steve undo the strap on his ankle. Steve pulls off his blindfold in the exact same fluid, wide gesture he uses to pull off his cowl.
It’s communication technology, for the most part, not weapons, but the media, already looking to find possible lines of communication, isn’t going to notice or care. It’s going to be down to Tony to figure out how it had gotten there, who had betrayed him.
“Good morning.” He said. “Have you come to…?”
He’s certainly heard all of them, back in his day — though, to be fair, there had been fewer then — but that none of them have ever fit him.
It seems appropriate to go out this way. And yet—
I don’t think I’m going to send you this.
Something about the man comes to him, then. He imagines fingers, long and skilled, holding a pencil, rubbing charcoal onto a page, imagines blue eyes, a deeper, darker blue than most, a boy’s face scrunched up in laughter, a man’s face speckled with blood and mud and smiling, a little bitterly, at a comrade’s joke, imagines boots, laced up tightly on a man’s big, steady feet, imagines those hands closed around tentpoles, those same hands on the grip of a revolver, those same fingers digging into hard blocks of ice, nails having ripped through his gloves, reddened with—
All of them speak to him. Iron Man doesn’t speak. All the rest of them speak to him. Iron Man holds his shield, his — its? Is Iron Man alive?— head craned down to stare at the star. Once Steve feels that he can stand without losing his balance, he pulls the cowl over his face and crosses the room, pulling the shield free of Iron Man’s grip.
Steve turns down the volume on the television, turns to face Tony, his elbows braced on the arm of the couch. Tony holds his eye, his heart suddenly beating faster.
It doesn’t last long. She doesn’t sob, or even really ruin her makeup — if anything, she looks prettier with her cheeks a little flushed, her lips redder and poutier.
“I didn’t feel like I was with you.” Steve repeats.
As Steve is prone to do, he misinterprets and leans down for a kiss. It’s too sweet for Tony to turn him away again; he catches Steve by the chin and kisses him back, soft and slow. It’s worth it to feel Steve, solid and responsive, under his touch.
Forty eight hours ago, Tony had told Steve he didn’t expect anyone would be here. No reason, he had said, to call in the rest of the team. And Cap had made the same mistake he’d made hundreds of times before; he’d trusted Tony.
he writes down on the blueprints, just over the smooth curve of the outer shell of the missile,
“Oh, you poor dear!” The Wasp cried, stepping forward to wipe a piece of grime off his face. New-Steve bows his head and submits to the scrubbing, looking at ease, looking comforted. “Tony, darling, can you get those handcuffs off him?”
Tony tests the bond and finds them immovable, his body one long, clean line for Steve to manipulate however he wants. The thought it unbearably hot. Steve’s hand closes on his cock, again, and he can’t help strangled noises that come out of his throat as Steve strokes him, quick and rough, to full hardness.
“Someday I’ll take you,” Tony had said, “I’ll have the tech.”
Cap lifts his eyebrows, nonplussed.
“This isn’t how I thought I’d be taking Natasha to church,” he says, into the mike. It’s barely a joke. No one laughs. “And I guess that’s on her. But— thought we could get some closure. Do this the right way.”
He teeters dangerously on the edge of “I love you,” a ridiculous sentiment to send someone he’s barely had a conversation with, and it’s perhaps a good thing that the terror leader in front of him shifts and turns to look at him again, and Tony has to scramble to look busy with the blueprints.
Steve opens Tony’s hand and folds a little metal bell into his fingers, closes Tony’s fist for him. It breaks the immersion for a moment, a reminder of the fantasy.
“Tomorrow morning. Seven or eight. It’ll be my only chance, with how these things are structured.”
He can see Tony gesturing, describing someone. Thor, probably. He’s leading Amora to believe he knows him, that he may have some information for her. She’s nodding along, all her attention on him.
, 9:14 AM
Iron Man is just below their helicopter, in the huge hole leading into the underground. Steve knows this long before they land, and he chalks this up to instincts of a man who’d spent the past four years engaged in combat. As the team lands, he doesn’t take nearly as much time to reorient himself as the rest of the team. He spots the flash of red and gold armor in the crowd of faintly glowing lava monsters and launches himself onto the offensive.
and then, underneath all of that,
“Where’re we going?” Tony asks, his voice slurring together. This feels like a dream. Perhaps he’s dead, after all. Unthinking, he leans further into Steve, leans at an awkward, diagonal angle to slot his head into the crook of Steve’s neck, Steve’s chin over the top of his head.
The next time the four of them gather in same sitting room, sitting on those same yellow couches, the occasion is far more somber.
Tony’s driver waits for him in the little black sports car in the corner of the lot. Tony cracks open the back door and takes Steve by the elbow, pushing him inside. As knows to expect, now, Steve just rolls with it, slides inside and buckles his seatbelt.
indeed been meant to remind him of the long-forgotten soldier, another man like him, a man who must have died without a soulmate, the way Tony would.
He wonders how many people in the team feel the same, spies working with legends, scientists on the same team as gods, a soldier from a long-gone war fighting alongside a machine made to level tanks. Everyone but Thor is probably in a position to feel a little insecure about themselves, and Thor’s a talented guy. Tony’s sure he’ll manage to find something.
The problem is, of course, that Tony isn’t the kind of man to run from his problems. Putting this off will bring him nothing but unease, nothing but a sense of shirked responsibility.
The man smiles, pulling something of out his pocket. Steve squints, and then frowns, recognizing his cell phone. “He’s here. You asked to meet.”
“Cap,” he starts, after a moment, “Steve.”
“You want me to suck your dick?” He asks, the obscenity as casual as a request for popcorn. “Nice and easy, you can lie back.”
“What do you think?” Tony asks, smiling back.
“Bell if you gag me,” Steve counters cheerfully.
emblazoned into the breast pocket of his jacket. His eyes are a familiar pale, sparkling blue.
Steve takes his hand. Clears his throat. The way his eyes trace down the curve of Tony’s throat is distinctly not platonic.
A thought, unbidden, creeps into his mind. He’s heard, before, of writing to your soulmate, writing on skin. He knows it doesn’t work most of the time — where would the intrigue come from then?— but somehow, he’s convinced it’ll go through now. It’s a childish confidence, the feeling that if he wants something badly enough it can’t fail.
It must be a Russian sort of practicality. Or, perhaps, she’s looking for justifications, even for something she’s innocent in.
“Well, hurry up,” Natasha says, “we’re not expecting it to be good, anyhow.”
he’d say. Perhaps even,
“OK,” Steve says, and hangs up.
“Oh, of course,” Tony says again, “is—“
Above him, Steve chuckles. It’s not mean, this time.
“It was all for a good cause, wasn’t it?” She asks him, “In the end, it’ll be worth it.”
Even Fury, normally so direct, so crude, had danced around it.
And Steve supposed he was going to have to trust that.
Suddenly, Tony’s embarrassed.
Is that hope? Confusion? Amusement? What else could it be?
“That I am. November.”
“So,” Steve says, casually, completely oblivious to Tony’s confused inner monologue. “You never said what the charity event is for.”
Instead, it’s the old popcorn machine, the assortment of wacky headbands he insists on busting on New Years and Halloween, the collection of DVDs which he had planned to use to further Steve’s pop culture education, the friendship bracelet he’d made for Bruce as a joke and forgotten to give until he’d started feeling, and, at the bottom of the box, the photograph.
“Red, yellow, green, alright?” He asks, leaning in to press a kiss to the corner of Steve’s chapped, pale lips.
“I don’t want you to feel obligated to be anything with me,” he says, “I’m not what anyone would want for a soulmate.”
“We’re gonna head out,” Steve says, waving awkwardly with the hand under Jan’s knees, “thanks for having us, Tony.”
“The team will be looking for us,” Steve says, “I should start a fire. Smoke signals.”
“I just talked to Janet. She and Thor are going to be on the perimeter. Before escalating, we’ll alert them via identicard. If that doesn’t work out, it’s shouting distance.”
Call records show this call was not returned.
“Steve,” he says, not sure if he means
“I should have said something,” Steve interrupted. “He seemed wrong, he seemed off. I couldn’t put my finger on it.”
“How much did they pay you?” He asks.
Now, watching Rogers mingle with the party guests, he wonders if he’s the only one who can feel the aura of danger coming off the man, the potential energy. You can pull a living thing out of the frozen ocean, shove it under bright lights and the eyes of a cheering crowd, but can you ever wring the last cold droplets out of the fiber of its being?
He wants Steve here, with him, but he also wants Steve angry at him, wants to feel the strange, empty comfort of feeling hated.
“I’d have been picking,” Steve points out, a little childishly, “if I’d won.”
“How’d you find me?” He asks.
“Where were you at?” Tony asks, skimming a passage at random. He remembers nothing of the book except for a description of ants using the friction of their bodies to make water.
His arm had not been tingling because of his awful circulation.
He’s got a towel slung over his shoulders, catching whatever drops of water his short hair had managed to hold on to. Outside of this, he’s naked.
he thought,
The feeling of betrayal returns, coiling tight and cold in Steve’s gut. The whole time with the Illuminati, had Tony expected to meet resistance from him? Had he expected, all along, that he’d need to go up against Steve to protect his secret?
The actual fight starts at the Triskelion.
“I thought my soulmate was Iron Man. I hadn’t been able to reach him, and he has good reason to hide his identity, and, well, we’re close. I thought I was going to see him when I got there. I kind of hoped…”
Later, when the fight is over, the bomb out of the way, he’s hanging back in the air, still ready to help any overturned trucks or crushed men. He doesn’t turn away when he sees Steve, his uniform badly torn, blood streaming out of his nose, duck behind one of the armored trucks to take his own turn throwing up his breakfast. There’s substantially more food in this one, coming out in a mostly-digested mush.
“It was against the spirit of the game to lie,” Tony points out, “So.”
He lets Steve arrange him, push him, lets the tidal waves of pleasure and dull throbs of leftover pain carry him to climax, shakes with the aftershocks from a distant, warm place. He wants to cuddle up, now, wants to hear Steve’s voice low and loving in his ear, like before, wants to sleep.
“He caught on,” the Wasp said, sadly, but immediately perked up again, “A for effort, though, guys.”
They ask Tony to kill Bruce Banner.
Tony stares down, transfixed by the place in Jarvis’s head where his brains are bubbling out. Dark red blood seeps into the cracks between the floorboards, and all Tony can think of are the chances of surviving this sort of injury. He’s had to learn a lot about brains, considering his own condition. He’s read stories about miraculous recoveries, people surviving whole poles being driven through their skulls. He also knows they’re called miracles for a reason.
His room remains quiet. The sink doesn’t turn on by itself. The lights don’t flicker. He hears fewer voices than his average.
Part of his wants to laugh at that, laugh at the idea of himself — well known for being anything but responsible— as Steve’s liferaft, as the element which has been putting the guy at ease. Another part of him feels a strange, possessive satisfaction.
But it wasn’t Iron Man who had just had the clear vision of spilling beer onto Hank Pym’s shoes on the balcony. It hadn’t been Iron Man who had warned Cap off with faked handwriting, had told him they could never meet, could never talk. Iron Man doesn’t have warm skin on which shaky drawings of hydrangeas appear, doesn’t have inky fingerprints sitting dark over his thumb. Iron Man isn’t hiding from his soulmate in the only room of the mansion which he hasn’t yet found, cradling an action figure to his chest like a little boy.
“Alright,” Steve starts again, once the waitress is gone, “so—“
“Darling,” Tony says, touched and a little out of his element. She lets him draw her into his arms, buries her face in his neck.
“It’ll scar,” Tony says, “but you’re lucky he had no clue what he was doing.”
“Well, we’re about to land, so I’ll suggest you start doing a whole lot less of that,” Giant Man says good-naturedly.
He doesn’t look great, either. The dress uniform he wears is scuffed, grey dust on olive green fabric. As always, he’d been fairly torn up in the battle. Most of his cuts have healed, but the deepest one, a long gash on his cheek, peeks out from under bright blue stitches.
He knows he’s trying to reason himself into this. This is how it always is when he’s trying to drink less — the little rationalizations don’t matter as much as the goal.
“Babe,” Steve starts, aghast, but everyone ignores him.
Tony listens to it over the comms. To his tired, overwhelmed ears, it sounds pretty damn inspiring, hits all the right beats.
By the time lunch rolls around, he’s anxious but well-dressed, showered and shaved into the vague shape of a person. He arrives two minutes ahead of schedule and finds Steve already there, sipping on his Coke.
, “What was that about?”
“Yeah,” Steve says, “yeah, alright.”
Tony picks his shirt up and pulls it over his head, inside-out. “Let me call for help. I won’t tell them anything, just let me get him—”
It’s simple, but the air of desperation underlying the words makes Tony’s stomach clench. He can imagine Steve’s state of mind as he had written those words, his sadness, his worry, how rejected, unlovable he must have felt. His chest aches, a deep, bone chilling ache that seems to cut into the very core of him, into his soul. His eyes water and swim. He fights to get his breaths under control.
“Hangover of epic proportions,” Tony says, smoothly enough, “but they do give me the good stuff for the cancer, so.”
Part of him almost misses the fight. In the heat of the moment, he had found no time for the idle suicidal ideation, for the slow counting of days. He had felt alive, and he’d wanted, desperately, to stay that way.
“You have mail, sir,” he says, jokingly, in a too-posh fake British accent, like it will somehow endear him to Tony.
He has the good sense not to speak up until Tony feels human enough to sit up and blink blearily at the room. “Draw the curtains,” he says, trying to quell an annoyance —
In the end, I guess it was just selfish. I can find a place on the West Coast. We won’t have to see each other. The Avengers need you, Steve.
And then, quite suddenly, something on the other side gave, and Tony was tumbling forward into him, knocking Steve flat on his back.
And then,
It’s getting dark outside. This is his last chance.
And so an order is established. Steve stalks Tony Stark around the mansion sometimes, on the rare occasion he can catch any glimpse of him, watches do mundane things — morning stretches, called something fancy like
He holds the door to the building, too. Inside, the gala looks about how he’d expected it to; bright, warm light, sparse crowds of sharply dressed men and extravagantly dressed women. Even in here, Steve thinks, half annoyed and half impressed, Tony is easily the best dressed, the most handsome. The man’s ability to stand out in the crowd is unmatchable; Steve’s eyes follow him easily, everyone else in the room turning into background noise.
“Look,” Steve says, throwing his hands up, a little defensive, working towards angry, “if you don’t want me here, I’ll go.”
“Yep,” Steve says, dragging the word out a little. “That clear?”
