It takes a second to realize what Dean means—and then he puts the pieces together, and it feels like he’s taken a punch to the gut.
1: Shiver. 2: Nutcracker. 3: Gift. 4: Beginnings. 5: Butterfly. 6: Gamenight. 7: Builders 8: Prayer. 9: Sacrilege. 10: Faith. 11: Ceremony. 12: Blessing. 13: Icon. 14: Graveyard. 15: Cross. 16: Bounce. 17: Safety. 18: Switch. 19: Screw. 20: Rope. 21: Kiss. 22: Whoopsie-gaysie. 23: Force. 24. Throb. 25: Bottom. 26: Hammer. 27: Abandoned. 28: Potato. 29: Confidence. 30: Fireworks.
Dean shoots him a grateful smile and starts in on his breakfast. Castiel watches him for a few moments while he sips at his coffee—and then remembers that he’s still only in his boxers, and that he very much has to be at work soon and can’t just stand around ogling his hot boyfriend all day.
Castiel exhales, long and slow even though it feels as though his heart is about to break through his ribs. Those words,
“Shut up,” Dean growls. It’s too much talking, too much dancing around each other, and if this keeps going, he’s going to vibrate out of his skin. They only have so much limited time together.
And now this man has undone so many years of fear and resolve with his words and his patience and his warm weight pressed against Castiel’s leg as they watch Netflix and Cas’s fingers card through his hair.
As if on cue, Dean pats Cas’s arm lightly, and his smile widens into an excited grin. “Alright, shall we get started?”
The forest is steeped in folklore and mystery. So many people have stories of a daughter, a husband, someone beloved who disappeared beyond those trees and never returned.
“How’ve you been?” Dean asks, once the silence has stretched out longer than he must deem comfortable—as though it’s been weeks since they saw each other, rather than just a matter of days.
Castiel isn’t sure if this is the worst or best idea he’s ever had, but he can’t stop himself from leaning in and kissing Dean again.
It’s teasing, but there’s also a note of confusion and concern beneath it, and Castiel’s chest clenches with the memory of what his powers had shown him last night.
It takes him so long to realize it, and even longer to come to terms with it. All the while, Dean keeps visiting, more and more often, and the feeling in Castiel’s chest continues to grow, until finally, he can’t ignore it any more.
my timer?" he growls—although he doesn't seem particularly angry, and Dean could swear that there's the faintest hint of a smile curling at his lips. "This means war, Winchester."
He’s put the wings on butterflies, given dolphins their tails, formed the many tentacles on a jellyfish and every feather on a bird’s wings. It’s always an incredible feeling, knowing what he has done and the ways in which he is aiding the natural progression that he has watched on Earth for so long. He’s so
It's another day or two before Dean can work up the courage and the energy to go and investigate his options. It gives him an excuse to take his baby out for a longer drive, at least, and he can feel the hint of a smile tugging at his lips as he turns onto the highway and lets her
He forces a smile and straightens his back. “Yeah, we do,” he says, with a lightness he doesn’t feel, and takes Cas’s hand.
For a long moment, Dean just watches him, an unreadable look in his eyes. There’s something quiet and vulnerable in that moment—an unspoken trust forming between them. Dean may have saved Castiel’s life yet again, but this time Castiel wants to be able to return the favour in some way, on some level.
“You sappy motherfucker,” Dean teases, but his heart is swelling with the same emotion. He’s never been as good at putting it into words as Cas is, so instead, he just leans over for a kiss. It’s soft, and sweet, and pours into it all his love and gratitude and the
Cas reaches over and takes the plate of food, almost all gone, and rests it on his lap. “Then show me where you would like to be.”
It’s the wrong thing to say. Dean’s face visibly falls. Castiel can see him start to withdraw in on himself—which is not what he’d wanted at all, so he rushes to reassure him. “No, Dean, I’m sorry, that came out wrong.” He holds his hands up placatingly, earnestly, and watches Dean pause.
Castiel runs his fingers through Dean’s hair once more, and this time Dean leans into it, pressing against Cas’s hand and letting his eyes slide closed. It’s easy to imagine pulling his hair harder, knotting his fingers in the short strands and moving Dean wherever he wants. The mental image makes Cas’s dick twitch in his jeans, but for now he lets his fingers slide out of Dean’s hair, curving around his jaw instead.
When Castiel wordlessly hands him a half-bottle of whiskey and his belt, folded in half, then goes in to retrieve the bullet from the meat of his shoulder—that gets a little more reaction, but not by much. Dean Winchester has been hardened by his life on the run, and a fumbling young man whose only experience is stitching up wounded horses isn’t going to fuck him up much more.
“He can see you,” she says quietly, and there’s an urgency in her voice. “Tell me you’ll look after him.
They sit on the couch as Dean tells his story, from the accident to his rehab to finally moving out here for a fresh start, and for the most part, Cas stays silent. When Dean starts to get overwhelmed, he reaches out, pulling himself up at the last second with his hand hovering over Dean’s thigh and his gaze finding Dean’s to ask,
Castiel takes his hand and shakes it, then invites him into the studio, trying his best not to make a fool of himself.
“Follow me,” he says with a grin, grabbing Castiel by the elbow and leading him further into the speakeasy. “We’re going to check out the bar first!” he says as they make their way through the crowd, leaning in close and pitching his voice so that Castiel can hear him over the noise. “There might be some people there who can help us.”
But now isn’t the time to be thinking about it. Now, he needs to water his plants, go through his morning yoga routine, and make himself breakfast—not to mention shower, and pick out his clothes, and make sure everything he might need for the day is packed safely into his work bag. It’s quite the little routine, and all in all, it keeps him busy right up until he steps out the front door of his apartment.
He and Cas are old, now. Two old men in their suburban house, living a regular life and being ridiculously happy with each other. Happy with the
“You’re really that dangerous that the Alliance would rather kill me than accept me back into their ranks, huh?” Dean says quietly, leaning his head back against the chair and watching Castiel with an unreadable expression.
Dean huffs out a sigh and drags his hand over his face. “It’s like you’ve never heard of the ‘chill’ part of this whole setup,” he mutters, his words half hidden by his palm—but there’s no frustration in his voice, and when he lets his hand fall away, the corner of his mouth is tugging up into a smile.
“I think you need to leave,” he hears himself say, and it tears him apart, because he doesn’t want Dean to go. He doesn’t want to be alone again.
Dean is silent, and then the weight against Castiel’s back disappears, and his heart flip-flops in his chest in a moment of panic.
Castiel focuses on Dean’s warmth, his touch, his words, then takes a deep breath in and exhales slowly. “Right,” he confirms.
“Still be horribly emotionally repressed and definitely not getting any,” Dean quips, patting Castiel on the ass and dancing out of the bedroom before Castiel can deliver any kind of reprimand or retaliation.
something that someone has spent a good part of the day working on. "You'd better be joking," he warns, and something in the tone of his voice must tell Novak that he's genuinely pissed, because the smile on his face quickly disappears. He doesn't say anything.
,” Dean shouts as Cas zooms past him on Rainbow Road for what feels like the hundredth time. “How the
The shop is one of his favourite places to be—established by his father as a fencing front and one of their bases for whatever operations they could possibly need to conduct, but quickly adopted by Castiel as soon as he came of age. It’s
Dean's heart thumps against his ribcage—he can't quite believe that tonight, it's just him and Castiel. Can't remember the last time they'd hung out like this, outside of classes or mealtimes. It's been too long.
“Yeah,” Dean rasps, letting his head rest back against the ground. “Ever since the night I saved your life. Pretty poetic, huh?”
This is where even more of Dean’s personality shines through—his collection of records, his books, the variety of relics and knickknacks on his shelves. It almost feels as though Castiel is intruding upon Dean’s space, but he has to remind himself,
The more Dean fights the alpha, the more blows they exchange, the more he can pick up his style. Even though he fights with a hybrid of disciplines that Dean has never encountered before, a strange clash of alpha and omega styles that somehow
When he finally rolls over to face Castiel, his gaze is still drowsy but dark with arousal, and his bottom lip is caught between his teeth. “Helluva way to wake someone up,” he murmurs, reaching up to wind his arm around Cas’s neck and pull him in for a kiss.
Dean winces as he stands up from his chair. “Sorry, Cas. I’ll keep myself amused elsewhere for a while." He pauses in the doorway. “Can you come find me when you figure something out?”
“Okay,” he says, scrubbing a hand over his face. “Okay, fine. I will work with you until we find this amulet, or we… we die trying, I guess. After that, the Men of Letters pays me
The scent leads over the crest of a small rise—the sound of footsteps has stopped, for now, but Dean is still on high alert as he peeks over the top of the hill and down into the hollow below. The moon washes through the trees, turning the ground a dappled silver, and it’s there that Dean finally catches sight of the alpha he’s been tracking.
Dean may have failed more than a little on both fronts, but he’d thought that he’d managed to do an okay job at hiding his infatuation from the man himself.
At first, he thinks Dean is just late, but as he waits by the arcade games for him to show up, the hours passing one by one, the pit in his stomach grows.
And then they take a quick break, and Dean stretches, takes off his gloves and pulls off his flannel so that he’s only in the band t-shirt beneath.
the item—something constantly in contact with the target’s skin, touching the things in their world and doing part of their seeing for them? They’re the
And that must be why, his feelings finally cracking free from the iron encasing his chest, he gives Dean a tiny, quiet:
Some of the best parts of his day are the ones he get to spend with his husband, and every second he spends stuck at work is a second of his time with Cas that’s being eaten into. The stuff he has to do at work is all stuff that needs to be done, and at least he gets paid for it, but really, there’s no amount of money that can replace the evenings he loves to spend with Castiel, curled up on the couch with a book or watching shitty Netflix shows together.
The next morning, he wakes with a slightly clearer head, but not by much. Thankfully, it’s a Sunday today, so he has another free day to keep to himself and try and sort out whatever the fuck it is that’s been going on in his head since Dean left. On one hand, Dean had tricked him into some form of dominating role while they’d been making dinner, and in Cas’s very own home.
But whoever is running doesn’t stop at the motorcycle. They keep going past it, towards something that’s lying in the road—leather and fabric and deep red washed out by the silver moonlight, and—
“Castiel, in the past, you’ve always said you’re a bit of a romantic. What was it that drew you to Dean?”
Dean still has time while his sourdough proofs, and when he turns to look at Novak's counter, he sees his apron sitting innocently atop the surface.
. It’s been so long since he’s had the opportunity to get laid, and after spending the night with Cas in the forest, he’s aching in the best possible way.
He can’t see Dean’s disappointment, but it’s a palpable thing. Still, to his credit, he sounds reasonably upbeat when he says, “Awesome! I’ll wrap it up for you, give you some care instructions, and then we’ll make another appointment to finish it off next week.”
“Come on,” he teases gently, “let’s get back to the dinner. I think some celebrating and champagne is in order.”
Moments later, the messenger re-emerges from the tent, and nods to the two soldiers standing guard on either side. They reach for curtains covering the entrance to the tent and pull them back for Dean to enter, as one of them announces, “Dean Winchester, King’s Spy, arrived for an audience with His Majesty King Castiel of Eden.”
He does still like to keep some of the things he’s found and read in his house, for a variety of reasons. Some have sentimental value, some he went to great efforts to find and subsequently steal from his less-than-ethical-ex-employers, and others… well, they just tell some truly incredible stories.
He begins by cutting one of the macaroni balls in half with his fork, trying the first half for himself, first. It’s crunchy on the outside and perfectly soft and delicious on the inside, and so he deems it good enough for Dean. Not that he’s a bad cook, by any means, but this feels like a special moment and he doesn’t want to do anything to ruin it.
Even though he’s had Dean’s mouth on his cock not even an hour ago, this—pulling out a spare pair of boxer shorts, dressing with elbows bumping and the exchanging of shy smiles—it feels so much more intimate. It’s one thing to hook up with someone, but quite another to invite them to bed for the sole purpose of
A second passes, and then Cas’s lips nudge against his own in a quiet, gentle kiss that speaks more than any words could.
Before he can give Uriel a dirty look for the onceover, the palace doors swing open, and all chatter goes quiet. Everyone turns to look towards the doors—
The kitchen is full, with people working at each station, and each on a different project. Andy's making a stew, Charlie has entered Cheez-It hell, Anna is working on a caramel cake that smells delicious, and Castiel is working on some kind of pasta dish.
He’s expecting a sharp, acidic response—but he doesn’t get one. Instead, her eyes narrow, and she holds his gaze for a few long seconds. As though she’s searching for something.
“Can’t you just fly us out of here?” Castiel whispers to Dean. He peers past the dumpster they’re hiding behind towards the numerous cop cars and criss-crossing beams of torchlight standing between them and the Continental.
Castiel leans his head back against the couch and relishes in his own state of relaxation; it feels so fucking good to just be able to spend time with Dean and let him work his magic, both because of his submissive nature and because of the calming effect he has on Castiel even without it. Castiel is sure that even if they were both unpresented, he would still find himself drawn to Dean, and he smiles up at his ceiling at the thought of it.
Castiel’s strides are measured and calm as he follows the footsteps Dean had taken, until he’s standing beside his boyfriend. His
Inside, it’s busy as hell—but that’s probably to be expected considering the way Christmastime tends to make people lose their minds. He waits patiently for the queue to move along, clutching the USB in his hand hard enough that it’s probably leaving indentations in his skin.
Despite Cas’s initial panic, they fall asleep sated and content and curled close to each other, and Castiel’s brain is only freaking out a
Adler sets his jaw for a second, staring her down—and then his expression changes like a switch has been flipped when he looks over at Castiel. “No, Ms. Milton, you may leave, thank you. Castiel, if I could have a word in private?”
The raven looks down at it, then back at Dean—but instead of looking at his face, he’s focused on something else. Something lower.
Right now, his head is a jumbled mess of emotions that weigh down his bones and spear through his heart. It’s all he can do to kick off his boots before he falls onto the bed, and it takes a huge amount of energy and willpower to even roll himself over so that he’s staring at the ceiling.
After that, all it takes is for Dean to hide it right at the back of one of the cupboards at Novak's station, and then he can sit back and watch the chaos unfold once Novak realises it's gone, or it starts to ring.
That’s all he can say right now, before his nerves and his fears get the better of him. There’s more, so much more, but it’s all for Cas’s ears only (if he ever gets a chance to say it) and so for now, he sits down on his stool, sets his guitar against his thigh, and begins to play.
Dean is pursued by an alpha at an end-of-college party, and his boyfriend lays a not-so-subtle claim.
Castiel can’t help the quick twist of his lips into a wry smile. “You mean not everyone reacts to their own demise and the concept of the afterlife like this? Shocking.”
Dean is the one who buys the fireworks, but Sam is easily convinced to help. They find themselves outside the bunker on a sticky summer’s night, and Castiel just watches in fascination as Dean and Sam clear out an area, then set up the first firework, excitement radiating off them.
And there they stand, holding each other beneath the water, battered and bruised but so full of love, and
Dean sucks in a sharp breath. Why is Cas reflecting that very same thoughts that have been on loop in Dean’s head ever since that morning on the couch?
thing with his tongue that makes Dean's toes curl, and when he groans against his mouth, Novak takes that chance to spin them around so that it's
It doesn’t take long for the woman to spot him. Her face is so, so sad, etched with the grief of all the years she should have gotten to spend with her children and her husband.
It’s not dramatic. It’s no heartfelt confession or enthusiastic agreement, but it’s all he can give right now.
Taking off his coat feels a little easier than it had the first time Castiel had come here, but it’s still so hard to expose his mark to anyone, especially when it carries so much weight and is having such an impact on his relationship with Dean. Still, he forces himself to shove all that down and to be
Eventually, he talks to Cas about it on a clear night, both leaning against the hood of the Impala and looking up at the stars. He tells him about everything.
The feathers appear in their bed first—some of them small and fluffy, but most of them Cas’s sleek black flight feathers—and then start to spread throughout the bunker. Most of them go into the trash, because Cas will grow more, but Dean can tell that he’s a little self-conscious about having his wings physically materialised.
Holding his gaze, Castiel takes two steps to his right—closer to the walk-in freezer. Dean lets his grin widen. "Warmer. Or, should I say...
Standing here in this empty room, watching Dean as he gestures at the walls with excitement and starts to make concrete plans, the reality of it sets in.
They stay in the bathroom for another minute or so, Dean smoothing down Cas’s shirt and straightening his tie, and then the moment comes. They can’t hide out here any longer.
Eventually, Castiel works up the strength to pull himself into a sitting position. It feels as though he’s just run three marathons, but the pain is gone. When he looks down at his naked body, there are no burns or scars to be seen. His skin is smooth, unblemished—
They kiss for a while longer, holding each other close with bruising fingers and kissing until they’re breathless. Dean is the first to let his hands explore, sliding them under the layers of Cas’s Edenish clothing. Cas does the same, seeming to only just remember that there’s more of Dean to explore.
When Dean turns up to Castiel’s apartment once more on a Saturday night, Castiel has been stress cleaning and cooking for three hours. His apartment is spotless from top to bottom—especially his bedroom, this time, because who
, a concrete suggestion of what is to come. As those deft fingers popping the button on his jeans, Dean smirks up at him.
Everything after that is a blur. Dean meets the King and Queen again, and then a long line of other important people—Castiel's brothers and sisters, advisors to the throne, other nobles who have travelled here to witness the unity between Eden and Winchester.
“I’ll see you next weekend,” Dean says, pushing his hands deep into his pockets and giving Castiel a quick smile. “Don’t be a stranger.”
The silence stretches out between them, thin like finely-spun thread and thickly taut with tension. Castiel is the one who breaks it.
“You have so much more experience,” he says quietly. “You know him. Why would he choose me to be his Dominant—especially after all the mistakes I’ve made?”
The meeting point they’d chosen is an intersection in downtown Brooklyn—Castiel, of course, is the first one to arrive. Doing his best to look casual and nonchalant, he leans against the brickwork of a nearby building and tries not to treat every random stranger who passes by as a possible threat.
Dean kneels in the middle of the floor; a mockery of worship with his ink-black eyes and the curve of a smirk that never truly disappears. He kneels, and he waits, bound by red paint on rough concrete and the whispered order of “
From the shallow rise and fall of his chest, it’s clear that he’s still alive, at least, but whether he was injured in the crash, Cas can’t be sure. There’s a cut on his forehead that’s been bleeding sluggishly, and he still hasn’t come to, but the longer he can stay unconscious, the better that is for Castiel.
“Hey, man, I’m just surprised, is all. You’ve never mentioned wanting to get a tattoo before, why the sudden change?”
He trails off and swallows, as though his words are failing him. Instead, he slowly uncurls his fingers, until Dean sees what he’s been keeping hidden in his hand.
Castiel startles at the voice, and at the use of his name, spinning on his heel. He hadn’t been paying attention when he’d been letting himself out of the museum’s staff exit, but now that he’s suddenly on alert, he notices what he hadn’t before, and his stomach sinks into his feet.
His voice is innocent—too innocent. Dean points an accusatory finger at him. "You know exactly how," he growls. "Where's my dough?"
At the sight of him, the chat explodes, telling Dean just how hot they think his boyfriend is, and already giving suggestions as to what they should do—or, mostly, what Cas should do to Dean. Some of the things that get mentioned have Dean shifting excitedly, the tension in him ratcheting up even further. They’ve got a strict plan for today, but that won’t stop Dean from filing away some of the suggestions for a later stream, if Cas is down.
Dean’s feet are moving before he even registers it, but he doesn’t care, because all he can think about is Cas. Cas’s eyes widen as Dean closes the distance between them, and Dean sees him brace himself—
Soon enough, the obnoxious drape eventually settles into something more comfortable, more cozy. One of Dean’s arms ends up wrapped loosely around Castiel’s shoulders, the other hanging more and more limp as he starts to doze off. The rest of his body is a warm weight against Castiel’s chest, head tucked in beneath Castiel’s chin, and Cas is careful as he shifts both Dean and himself into a slightly more comfortable position. It’s nice to have Dean asleep against him like this—not to mention
“Nothing that concerns you at this moment,” Cas tells him, and there’s a firmness in his voice that he’s gotten a lot better at switching on and off—mostly because it means that Dean actually listens to his instructions, but also because he likes the way it makes Dean shiver.
“Come find me once Zepp’s moved on,” he says with a laugh and a cheeky grin, gesturing down at the sleeping cat while Dean curses, “and we can celebrate. But until then… I think you’re stuck.”
, he can get on board with this. He can't remember the last time his dick has gotten so fucking hard so quickly.
He really wants to kiss Dean right now, but he will have to settle for just knowing that he’s alive and in one piece.
And now, with this knowledge in his heart of hearts, Castiel doesn’t know how he’s ever going to be okay again.
And so he walks along the boardwalk, smiling at the vendors he recognises and watching children shriek in joy on each ride, just like he had for so many years. He walks until he reaches the very end of the boardwalk, where he stands with his hands in his pockets and looks out over the ocean.
Cas gives him a wry look, one eyebrow raised. “I bought my own ticket, Dean. Are you really cancelling the rest of the tours you were planning to do later this year?”
, about his likes, preferences, designation, tattoo. All of it. But Dean? Dean remains a mystery in so many aspects.
. cap, you make my writing and my stories better, and without you, this story would not look the same as it does, in so many ways.
It’s only when Cas’s fingers trail further down that Dean manages to retrieve his brain from his dick, remembering that there’s
It feels like he’s moving through molasses as he runs. The man with the gun takes off, spooked by Castiel’s presence, and Castiel isn’t fast enough to catch him. Even then, that’s not where his priorities lie, not right now.
He doesn’t let himself finish that thought. If he’s helping Dean, he can’t afford to let himself doubt.
Dean barely hesitates enough to shove Cas’s underwear all the way out of the way before ducking his head and taking the head of Cas’s cock between his lips. It’s mildly salty where it rests on his tongue, and he smirks around it when he hears Cas groan under his breath.
It’s a seemingly uneventful Saturday afternoon, and Dean is lounging on his couch, playing through Uncharted 2 for the third time and just generally living his best life. It’s been a long week of work, he’s been looking forward to the weekend for what feels like forever now, and god damn it, he’s going to enjoy it totally uninterrupted.
directed at Dean—and nods in her direction. "I can certainly do that. Just let me finish plating up my pasta, and then..." He makes a show of checking his watch, smiling. "I
“Dean,” he says, before he can second guess himself or talk himself out of the choice he’s known he would make, deep down, all this time. Fuck being scared. He still has so much to get comfortable with, so much to learn about being a Dominant, but… there’s no one else he would rather embark on that journey with.
From here, Castiel can hear the sounds of the fair, the waves, the cry of a bird wheeling somewhere up above. There are footfalls against the boardwalk somewhere behind him, but he pays them no heed, focusing on the ocean and the tumult of his own mind, until—
His suspicion is only confirmed when the man nods. “Sure was,” he says, and even though there are yards between them, and Castiel has to tip his head back to look at him, the man’s voice sounds as though it’s coming from right next to Castiel. It circles around him—in front, left, behind, right, behind, and around again, sinking into Castiel’s skin and permeating his mind.
Castiel swallows. “Do you have any news?” he asks, quieter this time. The brick wall bites into his back.
fixing cars, I’m guessing?” Dean teases, but there’s a curious edge to his words, and Castiel levels him with a hard look that, for the first time today, seems to put Dean on the back foot.
It’s almost as long as his forearm, and he picks it up with careful, curious hands. It’s dark, and soft, and seems to shimmer in the low light. It’s
The setup they have going on is... a little more modern than it had been in their Dad's day, that's for sure. While John had begun his storm chasing career with little more than the Impala’s radio and a rudimentary knowledge of the air patterns throughout Tornado Alley, the tech Sam and Dean use is much safer and more precise, to say the least.
It’s easy to lose track of time, living on the farm. He measures it in the intermittent calls he gets from Bobby and Sam, in the growth of his beard before he shaves it, and in the way his crops continue to reach up towards the sky. Before he knows it, the majority of them are ready to harvest—
He’d been expecting Dean to hand him the gun, but this… Dean had remembered that there’s no way he can touch it.
, and so now, he goes into his side of the closet, and pulls the box out from where it’s been hidden at the very back.
Which is why, shortly after their three year anniversary, Dean drives into town to Pierre’s General Store. The beginning of it all.
He comes with a cry, tipped over the edge by Dean’s words, the friction against his cock, the fire raging inside him that’s been stoked from a simmering coal of sexual tension into an inferno. It’s blissful and incredible and Castiel feels as though he’s shaking apart, holding onto Dean as though he never wants to let go while he rides out his orgasm.
But, of course, that would be too easy. When Dean pulls the gloves on, Castiel begins to get nervous, because if it’s something that needs gloves in order to avoid psychometric contamination… it’s not going to make Castiel’s life easy.
So on days like this, he makes it his sole duty to distract Dean. To cheer him up, even just a little bit. If he leaves the cemetery with a smile on his face, then Castiel has done his job.
His words ring off the walls of the alley, and in the few seconds it takes for them to fade away, he must be already gone, because when Castiel calls out, “Fuck you!”, there’s no answer.
Dean reads and rereads the letter, until he knows every word and every curling letter by heart. C—it feels so strange just calling him that—sounds nice, and writes very fancily.
Dean looks out over the city lights of Toronto as the cold wind tousles his clothes, bites at his skin. His glass of whiskey, half-forgotten, is held in tightly curled fingers.
“Yes, Dean,” he says, allowing himself his own smile as he reaches across the table and takes Dean’s hand in his. “I am.”
The touch of Dean’s fingers on his forearm is explorative, yielding, gentle. He traces the lines of his own artwork, carefully tilts Castiel’s arm this way and that to examine it. His hands are warm,
“I’m sorry,” he says, and he looks away, his voice flat. “If you’re looking to bond to someone tonight, I… I can’t. I made a promise to someone, and I won’t break it. You’re better off looking elsewhere.”
Castiel almost snorts. Who the hell is going to lower his gun just because some unidentified voice told him to? Is this dude an idiot?
This one looks different—it’s much shorter, and stocky where a musket had been slender—but it’s easily recognizable for what it is all the same.
Dean sheathes his machete and raises his hands to show he means no harm, fixing the stranger with his best grin.
“I guess the djinn just didn’t know what story to make up,” Dean says, his voice soft, “…because I’ve already got everything I could ever ask for.”
Another minute passes between them. The quiet is almost as nice as the talking—it’s a different quiet to the one he’s used to. The absence of words by choice, and the comfort of a shared silence, rather than the feeling of being isolated from the world.
When Adler opens the door to his office, Castiel is sure that his heart has never beat faster in his entire life than it is now.
Dean takes that as his cue to start walking, and Castiel falls into step beside him. “There are a few dodgy places in this area,” Dean explains as they walk, “so we’re gonna visit a few of them tonight, and see what we can turn up. We shouldn’t have any trouble, but just make sure you stay close to me, okay?” He looks over, his grin flashing in the light of the streetlamp, bright and bold. He looks
While he waits, he tries to distract himself. He goes running, does yoga, looks after his plants and tries to keep himself from buying anymore because Inias already gives him enough shit about one day replacing him with a topiary version. With each day that he spends at work, he gets more comfortable working with Anna, as long as he can forget about Adler and his bigotry, and throwing himself into learning his new role certainly helps him to distract himself from the thrumming anticipation that lingers in his mind each time he thinks about his ever nearing appointment with Dean Winchester.
And then he rounds the corner of the corridor, and almost runs headlong into someone. Two someones, in fact.
All Cas wants right now is to press into that touch, to curl up against Dean and fall asleep warm and content and satisfied. But he has to check in with his sub, has to communicate, and so he gives a loose nod. “Yes. More than okay. That was…”
Cas pulls the plug out slowly, relishing in the stretch of Dean’s hole, until the widest part of it is free and the rest slides out easily. He tosses it aside onto the mattress, and then his thumb is tugging gently at Dean’s rim, and Dean groans.
“C’mon, sit up for me,” Dean says, and he’s withdrawn into such a viscerally panicked part of himself that his instincts buck at the order, but he forces himself to move, guided by Dean’s steady hands. Sitting up, it’s a little easier to breathe, but he still feels as though he’s sucking in gulps of air that still aren’t enough. What is wrong with him?
Dean must realize that he’s under Castiel’s scrutiny, because he makes a conscious effort to smile and lift his shoulders in a façade of a more energetic version of himself. “Just peachy,” he says, with a half-grin that doesn’t reach his eyes.
“Morning,” Dean replies with a grin, then takes a quick step towards Castiel and presses a soft kiss to his lips. “Sorry I didn’t wake you up, I wasn’t sure what time you got up for work. I was gonna come back for you after my shower, anyway.”
Cas opens his mouth, then closes it again, and finally grins, big and wide and happy. "Wow," he says quietly. "That is very sweet, Dean. I'd been wondering when I was going to tell you how I felt for such a long time and I—I never thought it would happen like this."
Thunder rumbles overhead as he unfurls his great wings, black feathers stretching towards the achingly grey sky. The storm builds, clouds gathering above and the wind whipping across the hilltop, pulling at the lone angel’s trench coat.
Dean sits back against the booth and simply looks at Castiel, to the point where he’s not sure what kind of response he’s going to get—Dean has always treated him as if he’s special, as if the two of them are more than just friends, but perhaps he’s misread—
It pulls a shiver out of Dean, and Castiel can’t help but smirk in satisfaction as he watches Dean collect himself, then keep working on their dinner. In the past, he’s felt bad about letting Dean bear the load of dinner-making by himself, but he makes up for it by cooking on the nights when Dean isn’t feeling it. Besides, Dean has told him that he likes it—that he enjoys cooking, and
He pulls off his t-shirt in the bathroom, remembering how Cas had touched him, and stares at the handprint.
The room he’s in is almost empty. He’s not sure where Dean and the guards have gone, but wherever it is, it can’t be good.
They end up being more than a little late (and a bit rumpled) for their dinner, but when the King and Queen see the wideness of their smiles and the way that they just can't keep their hands off each other...
"Man, you're already gone on him," Sam comments from the backseat, and Dean startles, then turns over his shoulder to glare.
If there is a Hell, that may well be where he belongs. But fuck, all the monsters he’s fought, all the lives he’s saved… surely that has to count for something. But where is the balance? At what point does his bad outweigh his good? His soul aches with the weight of the question, his chest tightening until he can hardly breathe.
“Anything for my best friend.” Inias shrugs as if it’s no big deal, as if he offers his time to help other people’s boyfriends to move house all the time, and Dean’s grin widens.
“Okay,” he says, with a hesitant nod at first, and then a more definite one. “Okay. Well, lead the way, Dean. Where are we going first?”
He must be staring, because Dean slowly lowers his hands. For a few long moments, they just watch each other, something unspoken passing between them—
When he turns, it’s as though the world is moving in slow motion, the carnival lights blurring behind the figure of the person standing with him at the very edge of the boardwalk. He doesn’t even need to see the green eyes or the hesitant, nervous half-smile to know who it is.
For the next few weeks, the vigilante makes himself pretty scarce. There are small sighting here and there, of course, but no more than a glimpse, or evidence of his presence in the dazed criminals that are left behind, still wrapped up in the power of his voice. Castiel isn’t as worried about him using his powers against innocent victims, but he can’t help but still keep an eye out.
He’d snuck into the rescue team, blending in amongst the others. His first trip, and to Hell, no less.
“Is that an order?” Dean’s voice is deeper, a little rough. Castiel watches his throat bob as he swallows. It feels as though he’s on autopilot, not quite thinking, when he says;
likes. “Still good there?” he asks, and Dean gives him a tiny nod. “Okay. We’re going to eat, and then we’re going to talk about today. But for now… let me look after you.”
While many other memories of his childhood have faded, that one remains stark and clear in his mind. He knows he’d fallen asleep in the grass, amongst the daisies in a place that had felt so safe and welcoming and serene… and he’d woken up back in his bed.
Castiel spends as much time as he possibly can on the boardwalk every summer, but this time it’s different, because this time, he has Dean. Before long, they’re hanging out almost every day—Castiel’s parents don’t overly care what he gets up to, and Dean’s dad will be in town with work for a while yet, so they have all the time in the world.
In the light that filters in from the street-lamps outside the bedroom window, Castiel can see the corner of Dean’s mouth curl up in a bitter smile. It’s the most honest, the most
He relaxes against Cas’s lap, letting one arm fall loose as his body welcomes the touch of Cas’s grace, and the two of them stay like that for a very long time.
him to the point of falling into bed every night. He tidies up the shed, fixes the broken fence railings, then ploughs and sows the field closest to the house.
“Thank you,” Castiel tells Dean sincerely. “I’ll let you know if I need anything, otherwise I’ll come to say good night before I sleep.”
He’s quick to make his way through to the cockpit, barely giving the pilot a second glance as he leans over the control panel and does a quick assessment of the damage. Cracked window, as he’d suspected, and a few failed shield-points, but nothing crucial to his escape. “You’re a sturdy lady,” he murmurs, then sets about priming the ship for take-off.
friendship is more about jokes that are almost close to being too much, and a constant undercurrent of rivalry that is sometime verging on tense but that their YouTube viewers seem to love.
And then the events of last night hit him all at once, and his heart clenches guiltily in his chest. He’d danced with a familiar and put himself at least part way towards breaking his promise to Cas, and he’d
As if on cue, the hammering starts up again. Castiel stops his audiobook recording, slams his headphones down on the desk, and makes his way outside.
“I love you too,” he whispers, because Dean is the man who had brought colour into his life when there was so little there before, who had helped him see who he was capable of becoming and supported him every step of the way.
“You’re teasing me,” Dean accuses breathlessly as Castiel reaches his waistband, raising himself up on his elbows to watch as Castiel works open the front of his pants.
what to do to make Dean lose his goddamn mind. It's not long at all before Dean is dangerously close to blowing his load.
“There’s not very much on your headstone,” he says after a few more long moments, the silence stretching out between them and thick with all the things that are still unsaid.
Dean still consumes his every waking thought, but in such a different way now. He can’t stop thinking about the things they said on their last day, about the accident, about all the things that now, he will never get a chance to ssay.
The way Cas glares at him from within his blanket cocoon, eyes squinted but lips curling up ever so slightly, melts Dean’s heart more than he’d ever care to admit. Cas knows exactly what he’s up to, but he tolerates Dean’s underhanded play, and even manages to claw back one or two victories.
Dean watches as one otter comes right up into the shallows, blinking up at them. It’s not as large as some of the bigger ones—a baby, perhaps—but it seems curious about them. He feels Cas smile against his skin.
His assessments of Dean’s talent at sucking dick were all completely accurate: Dean does it like a pro, using his tongue effortlessly to tease over all of Castiel’s sensitive spots and combining the perfect amount of suction and head movement to make his toes curl. It’s all Castiel can do to hold on for the ride, because Dean is
It’s going to be a long night, but it’ll be worth it to not have to hide their relationship any longer.
For a long time, the two of them sit there at the foot of Mary’s grave, Sam staring emptily at her headstone while Castiel watches him with his and prays to every deity that might be out there that what he feels in his heart of hearts isn’t true.
The day that they leave, there’s no fanfare. There’s no one to say goodbye. It’s just them, their small bags of luggage, and Dean’s beautiful black car. They pile everything into the trunk, Castiel says a final goodbye to the place he’s called home for so long, and then—
The man’s smile widens, and he angles his body more towards Dean—a sure-as-fuck sign that he’s interested. “Castiel,” he rumbles into the air between them, soft and intimate and so fucking hot that Dean might explode right here. “Pleasure to meet you, Dean.”
Castiel hasn’t rested since the day that Dean had been supposed to come but didn’t—the day, he now knows, that Dean had died.
At least he can have a fresh start out here. No one knows him. No one will look at him and say, “There’s Dean Winchester. Poor kid.”
. He means to say so many things, but what ends up coming out without thinking, completely spur of the moment but that he doesn’t regret in the slightest, is:
that he had a car while he’s sweating away under his jacket. He lives too close to the middle of the city for it to do much good, though, and his money is better spent in other places. Besides, even if it is a little uncomfortably warm, the walk is proving to be a reasonable distraction from the nerves that have settled themselves in his stomach.
He stays there, curled against Dean in that half-state between awake and asleep, until he feels Dean start to stir. “Good morning,” he murmurs, in a voice roughened by sleep, when Dean turns in his arms to blink bleary green eyes at him.
“Ready to go?” Dean asks, from his spot by the door where he’s waiting for Castiel. He looks incredible, sleeves rolled up to show his ink and the leather bracelet secured around the wrist that doesn’t bear a mark. He
It's been a quiet season so far. They've been driving around for almost two weeks, and there have been a couple of near-events. Storms that had seemed promising but had yielded nothing. Touchdown events that had been too far to feasibly make, or that they'd tried to reach but had missed by mere minutes. It's been... frustrating, Dean will admit.
Dean is standing in the hallway, a takeout bag in his hand and looking devastating in a leather jacket, jeans, and boots, but the thing that really makes Castiel weak at the knees is the way Dean’s expression changes as they make eye contact. His eyes soften, his smile widens, and he looks
,” Castiel murmurs against Dean’s lips, and Dean groans. His hands curl into the front of Castiel’s shirt, his grip faltering as the waistband of his jeans and underwear are shoved down and Castiel wraps his hand roughly around Dean’s cock.
“I could ask the same of you,” the alpha replies warily. Blood trickles from the cut on his bicep, but his undivided focus is fixed on Dean. “How do I know you’re not a spy?”
There are so many variables, so many things that could still go wrong even though C already knows him better than any other human being in any kingdom, and it's that tiny kernel of fear and doubt that keeps Dean from revealing himself. Besides, he has his kingdom to think of. C doesn't have an allegiance to Winchester—what if the information that Dean has shared ends up being used against his kingdom? Not that he ever thinks that C would do that, but if his letter were to fall into the wrong hands...
Despite how rattled Dean’s presence has made him, Castiel has summoned his fair share of demons, so the words to the incantation roll off his tongue without thought. It’s not long before he feels reality shift around him and opens his eyes to see a very pissed off woman glaring down at him.
It is, of course, Dean—looking wide-eyed and more than a little frazzled. He lets himself in before Castiel has even finished opening the door, kicking his shoes off and running his fingers through his hair.
Castiel pauses for a second to consider, taking a mental catalogue of everything he’s got in his store right now. “I’ve probably got a few books,” he muses, “but I don’t know if they’ll be what you’re interested in. If you’ve got any specific requests, I could always order them in for you?”
Up here, Castiel gets lost in his thoughts, looking out over the ever-growing town of Lawrence and wondering what it’s
Castiel’s fingers flex against Dean’s wound, but he forces his hand to still again when it causes Dean to wince. “You’re exactly that,” he points out, his voice thick and chest tight. “A vigilante. Why shouldn’t I just leave you for the police to arrest?”
He thinks of Dean’s tongue curling around his fingers, though, and of the heat that had simmered beneath his skin as Dean had given him
Dean nods, but he doesn’t look over at it. Instead, his gaze stays focused on Castiel, his expression soft and open. “Ellen commissioned it from me when I first started working here. Before I started tattooing, I did a lot more traditional art—stuff like that.” He gestures at the bird, then shoves his hands into the pockets of his well-worn jeans. “It’s been a while, though. I don’t know if I could make something quite that pretty with paints these days.”
And then something entirely new occurs to him—something he should have thought of from the beginning. “If you can control people, why haven’t you ordered me to save you?”
The corners of Castiel’s lips curve upwards, and he nods. “I think I know the place. Hold on,” he says, and Dean barely has time to tighten his grip on Cas’s hand before they’re flying. The whole experience takes only a fraction of a second, as Castiel always tells him, but it still feels like a fucking lifetime as he holds onto his husband and tries not to barf.
Because he’s human, he’s much more vulnerable to the effects of the werewolf’s bite, but he still hates the idea that Dean is treating him as something fragile, so he throws himself back into the fight with renewed effort.
But Dean has never been one to back down from a challenge, and so he holds himself like the prince he is as he makes his way down the aisle.
As it turns out, that works in Cas’s favour, because he uses Dean’s momentum to flip them over and press Dean against the ground with his body, one hand tugging at Dean’s pants while the other stays in his hair. Their kiss is more like a clash of teeth and tongues and desperation, but when Cas tries to use the hand in his hair to tip Dean’s head and expose his throat, Dean nips sharply at his bottom lip: a warning.
He makes the realisation as the king starts to turn, and when their eyes meet across the room, it feels like all the breath has been knocked out of Dean’s lungs.
. As if Dean feels ready in the slightest to face the most powerful man in the United States—the very man Dean has been maybe kind of pining over ever since he joined the President’s detail.
Castiel is already reaching for his gun, but the incubus is quicker, striking Castiel on the temple with the now-empty whiskey glass and pinning him up against the balcony railing. Even though the world is spinning now, Castiel still desperately tries to fumble his gun out and point it at the incubus.
Cas takes a drag of his cigarette, lets the acrid smoke of it curl in his throat before exhaling it out again into the cold air.
Suddenly, he’s wide awake, sitting bolt upright in the chair. The couch opposite him is empty—well, empty of people at least, but still covered in pieces of notepaper and Dean’s scrawled writing.
Dean’s expression softens, and he knocks his knee gently against Cas’s where their legs are entangled on the couch. “I really like you too, Cas,” he says, his grin bright and radiant. And then, with a laugh, as he looks around the room:
The day of the Christmas dinner comes around far too quickly. Castiel has been trying not to think about it—has been trying to focus on his work with Anna and the constantly evolving nature of his relationship with Dean instead—but it hasn’t quite been working.
“I don’t know how much more I can do,” he says, every word sharp and tense, “to show you that there’s more to being a Dominant than just abusing people. You need to make a choice—you need to be all the way in, or all the way out. I can’t keep doing this fucking half-half thing, because that’s not the kind of person I am.”
“Thank you, sir,” Castiel says, taking a seat. He still can’t quite believe that this is happening—to still be so young, but to already be noticed for his work by the director? It’s a dream come true.
His hand goes to the grip of his gun, and he waits as the motorbike approaches, his whole body tense and ready for whatever is about to happen. The roar of its engine gets louder and louder, until finally, it appears around the corner.
He's tall, although not quite as tall as Dean, with dark hair and blue eyes that are piercingly captivating, even across this distance. The silver armour and light underclothes customary of high-ranking Edenites highlights a hint of muscle across his arms, and—
As Dean had pointed out, though, putting off turning in the file isn’t going to help, and so Castiel pulls himself together on the morning of Christmas Eve, takes the USB with their evidence, and heads down to the station.
Castiel gives a tiny shrug of one shoulder, exhaling his own smoke into the air and watching as it fades away. “You are very talented.” He pauses, makes sure he’s holding Dean’s gaze and attention, then says, “And very attractive.”
For a second, his tutor pauses, watching Dean with a sense of consideration that makes him shift in his seat. "You are writing to someone in a different kingdom," his tutor says finally. "Someone who may not understand our customs, and who may have different ideals to us. It is your job to create a friendship with them, Dean."
Even from the camera’s hidden position, that blush that colours Castiel’s cheeks is clearly visible. “I’m glad to hear that,” he says, then clears his throat. “Dean, I—would you like to go out for dinner tomorrow night?”
It’s hard to explain to his colleagues how he just so happened to turn up back at the precinct with his two collars that had gotten away, but Castiel manages it. These arrests are too important to mess up, so he makes sure that his explanation lines up, all while mentally (and begrudgingly) thanking the masked man.
They fall into a rhythm quickly, cohabiting like two planets orbiting the same star, and Castiel can’t decide what he likes better: delving into all this theory and codework, or watching how excited and intense Dean gets throughout the process. Dean moves his paperwork to the kitchen table, spending his time pacing back and forth with the end of his pen between his teeth, or hunched over the table while he scribbles notes.
Castiel steps over the threshold, setting his bag down beside the door as Dean closes it behind them. He’s come prepared tonight—a change of clothes, his own toothbrush, and a couple of books that he feels might interest Dean.
True to Bobby’s word, Castiel knows as soon as he sees Dean pull out the pendant, before he even drops to one knee. His eyes go wide with shock, and Dean can feel his heart hammering in his chest, but he forces himself to continue.
They spend as much of their time together as possible, because Cas leaves on his first mission in three months, and they have to make the most of it. Neither of them had been entirely sure what would happen between them when it came time for him to leave, but one thing becomes clear to Castiel as the date of his mission looms ever closer.
Wordlessly, Cas takes his hand, intertwining their fingers and leading him over to the bed. His feet sink into the carpet, and he feels as though he’s walking on air, his mind calm and quiet and almost
True to the information he’s been given, the forest is mostly quiet. Dean only sees other people a handful of times—once a group of Edenite soldiers, and a few straggling Daemons once he gets closer to the other camp. None of them see him—he sticks to the shadows and the shrubbery, determined just to watch unless his hand is forced. If he had managed to catch an enemy on their own, then maybe he could have taken them out, but it’s too risky as it is.
Caught in that green gaze, Castiel feels his cheeks flush. Dean Winchester is tardy but talented and sharp and
After spending hours and hours on his application essays to maximize his chances of getting accepted
He reaches for it with soft hands, brushing loose feathers out of the way to determine the extent of the damage. The bone looks like it’s been crushed by the power of the werewolf’s jaw, and the skin below the feathers has been shredded by sharp teeth. Castiel exhales through his teeth and meets Dean’s gaze once more, letting his fingers comb lightly and reassuringly through the undamaged feathers.
texting his boyfriend whenever Dean isn’t busy with a client. It still feels so invigorating to use that word.
“I do my research.” Dean’s answer is matter of fact and nonchalant, and he holds Castiel’s gaze when he continues to scrutinise him. “Look, man, I’m an open book,” he says with a shrug of his shoulders. “Everything I’ve told you is true. I’m not like the relic hunters you used to work for, okay? I’m one of the good guys.”
“Cas,” Dean breathes, and when his gaze returns to Castiel, his eyes are wide, and full of wonder. He’s smiling, wide and soft and full of the same emotion that thrums beneath Castiel’s sternum. “I… thank you. It’s beautiful.”
benefit, and not Dean’s. He, at least, is still looking through them, pencil tucked behind his ear and his side warm against Dean’s where they’re curled up together on the couch.
.” Dean sits back on his heels, turning to look up at Castiel, who forces himself to lean back an inch or two once he realises how close they are.
“Alright,” he says, taking a deep breath and squaring his shoulders. “I’m good. No more questions. Wherever you’re taking me, let’s go.”
This is the last time he drinks with Inias without having a completely free schedule the next day, though. He’s clearly starting to get too old for the partying stuff that came so easily during his college years.
But of course it is, with Jo and Dean getting up to all kinds of mischief, and Ellen shouting fondly at them to ‘get their shit together or else find someone else who’ll feed them.’ He also gets to meet more of Dean’s friends, and Dean’s little brother, who’s incredibly busy studying law but is down to earth and insanely smart and, amusingly, joins in with the shenanigans once he’s had a beer or two.
“Yes.” His voice is soft, and he keeps his gaze on Dean, drinking him in as he takes in the night sky with almost-childlike wonder. He knows what the stars look like, after all. They haven’t changed in a hundred and fifty years. “Yes, they do.”
When the dawn breaks, and Castiel slips out of Dean’s bed just as quietly as he had arrived, Dean wishes with all his heart that he had the power to make Cas stay. But that had never been an option, not even from the beginning, and Dean knows this. Had known it all along, even now, as he lies in an empty bed with a broken heart.
The grey-black feathers are soft as he gently combs his fingers through them, working his way along the arch of Cas’s wing. The fact that Cas trusts him with this, is totally happy to relax on their bed while Dean touches the most vulnerable parts of him…  it’s incredibly humbling.
of everything, now that they don’t have to worry about saving the world. Sure, Dean’s husband is a grumpy ex-angel with millennia of knowledge that makes him think he knows exactly why his herbs in the back garden are being eaten, but Dean wouldn’t trade him for anyone else.
They end up meeting it halfway between the edge of the forest and its lair, with Dean only just able to warn Castiel before the hulking wolf comes crashing out of the trees towards them. Castiel finds himself shoved out of the way and landing in the dirt and leaf litter, rolling to his feet in time to see Dean slash at the werewolf with his angel blade.
“First order of business,” he mutters into his pillow as he pulls it over his head, trying to block out the day for just a little while longer. “Buy some fuckin’ curtains.”
"Try to," Sam says in lieu of Dean, who's pretty busy focusing on the road and the position of the tornado right now. "We have regular jobs and lives in the off season, but this is where we want to be in May and June. Pretty cool, right?"
Castiel clenches his jaw—her assessment isn’t far off, and it smarts. He keeps himself quiet as she continues to talk.
It feels good to finally be able to let their guard down, to uncoil and unwind, count bruises and tend to wounds and just
“Almost done,” Dean murmurs, wiping over the skin of his arm. The steady sounds of the tattoo gun has been soothing Castiel into an almost dreamlike state, but now he comes back to himself.
Dean follows Spencer’s instructions to the letter—right, first, down, second on the left, watch out for any ‘other bullshit’—until he finds himself stepping into one of the storage rooms in the hold.
. Exhausted down to his core, yes, but there’s something in him that hasn’t been there for a long time. It stays as he showers, washing away the sweat and dirt of his day’s labour, and it stays as he quickly cooks himself a bowl of pasta, then collapses onto the couch to eat it.
Exhausted from the long day of riding and his discussion with Bobby and Rufus, Dean doesn’t have the energy to do much more than strip out of his travelling clothes, wipe himself down with the cloth and bucket of lukewarm water that’s been left in the corner, then lay out his bedroll.
Castiel has felt lonely a lot, in his existence. It’s impossible not to, as he spends his days invisible to most, and it
a surprise is when Bobby gruffly excuses himself, returning a minute later with something cradled in the palm of his hand.
Following behind in the royal procession is Prince Castiel, who looks like he’d rather be anywhere but here. He looks good (he
The hunter reaches out a hand to help Dean up, which he accepts, because It’s starting to properly sink in that he’d be dead right now if not for this guy, and he doesn’t know that he fully trusts his legs to hold him up in this moment. “I saw your Impala parked down the road,” the guy says, letting go of Dean’s hand. “You only got in last night, and you didn’t scope the place out? Rookie mistake. You’re lucky I was on my way here anyway.”
It doesn’t take long to find that boat that Castiel remembered seeing, and he convinces Dean to jump down and start figuring out how to make it go, instead of helping him down. He manages an exhausted, clumsy scramble down one of the pier poles, landing in the bottom of the boat with a
There’s a spot in the side of the church where Castiel puts the things that are most important to him. A loose stone that he can pull out, shielding a little hole within the wall where he can store things. No one else knows it’s there, not even Dean, and Castiel is more than happy to keep it that way. If Dean ever found out how Castiel feels about him…
Every now and then, Dean’s focus redirects. Only subtly, and probably not enough for Dean to notice that he’s doing it, but it doesn’t take Castiel long to catch on. Even as they talk, Dean’s leg shifts beneath the table, his lips curve up at the edges, and his gaze slides away, over to the kitchen and the bag from earlier that still sits innocuously on the countertop.
“Well, that’s all for today, folks. I hope y’all enjoyed having Cas come play with us, and if you ask nicely enough, he may come back for a repeat performance. We can hope, right?” He gives the camera a wink, and doesn’t need to look over at his laptop to know that his viewers are begging for Castiel to come back in the future.
They don’t talk much. Castiel buys Dean a drink, and then they’re leaving, agreed upon with body language and touches and a few well-placed words like, “Yours or mine?”
Amongst all the bustle of a circus troupe, though, the performers manage to find plenty of time to relax. Dean’s favourite way to spend his downtime is with a nice, cold beer and the company of his friends, in whichever bar takes their fancy that night. They’re well known, especially Dean with his pretty face and acrobatic prowess, and it often means that they have no shortage of admirers wherever they go. Most of the time, those who proposition him are gently turned down, but on the rare nights when there are no performances scheduled for the next day, some attractive guy or girl may get lucky.
They’re sitting in a booth in one of Dean’s favourite diners, looking up at the promotional banner above the counter. It’s big and pink and peppered with hearts, and it reads:
The kitchen feels warmer than it had before as Castiel takes a half-step forward, into Dean’s space. “Once we’re done with dinner,” he murmurs, ignoring Dean’s smart comment and reveling in the hitch in Dean’s breath, “I would like to see what is in those boxes.”
“Alright,” other-Dean says, unlocking Dean’s cuffs as Castiel works on opening a new rift with the same spellbook that Dean recognizes from his own universe. It’s weird to see him with mojo again. “Cas is gonna send you back through to your universe, and we never want to see you again. I’ve had to come face to face with myself way too fucking many times, and I’d really like for this to be the last.”
Slowly, as he squints against the sun, the dark water gives way to a few darker shapes, and as they start to drift closer, they resolve themselves into something that Dean has read about in books and seen in zoos, but never encountered in real life.
“I think I had a panic attack,” he admits quietly. His gaze stays fixed on the table, fingers worrying at the cuff of his sleeve. “I was trying not to be weird about the fact that he was a sub, even though I was definitely
It’s as though the hair on the back of his neck stands up, some kind of powerful electricity in the air that, from the way the other bargoers continue to mingle without reacting, he’s the only one to feel. He turns and glances around the bar, every one of his senses heightened now that he seems to have some weird spidey sense going off, and when he turns back, there’s a man standing at the bar beside him.
“Bisexual, I mean,” the man elaborates as the silence stretches out between them, somewhat awkwardly.
The corners of Cas’s eyes crinkle. This time when he pulls Dean in for another kiss, it’s softer. Gentler. “Me too,” he says when they pull away, and the corners of his lips curl up. “I think you have a show to finish. I’ll meet up with you after?”
He watches as Dean blinks, and seems to pull himself a little out of the world he’s drifted into while they’ve been eating. “Yes,” he says again, his voice still husky.
It sets him at ease, and he sighs a content breath against the back of Dean’s neck, letting his eyes fall closed and relishing in the warmth of his body. It’s nice to not have to worry about his own head betraying him, just for a little bit.
. At least once a day, someone walks into the precinct with a slightly dazed look in their eyes and hand themselves in, confessing on the spot to their crimes. Part of Castiel wishes that getting a confession out of someone were always that easy, but the other part of him doubts.
Castiel finally reaches him, leaning up against the fence railing beside Dean. He’s so close that Dean can smell him, that achingly familiar Cas-smell that he swears is lingering in his nose when he wakes up some nights. “I understand,” Cas says solemnly. Together, they look out over the moonwashed paddock, and the handful of cans that Dean hasn’t yet sent reeling off into the undergrowth.
“So, Dean,” he says, taking out his notebook and thumbing the cap of his pen, poised and ready to take notes. “What can you tell me about this vigilante?”
There’s a long pause. Dean’s hand smooths over Cas’s back, and when he speaks, his words are quiet. “Whatever the answer is, Cas,” he says, “I don’t think it’s going to be a good one.”
“It looks delicious, Dean,” Castiel tells him warmly, and it’s so rewarding to see the way Dean brightens even with that tiniest praise of his food choices. “How about you come over here so we can enjoy it together, and we can pick out a movie?”
Dean slices through the ranks of stormtroopers effortlessly, wielding his lightsaber like an extension of his arm. The Empire has lost this battle, and Dean watches, satisfied, as they turn and flee from him.
Dean sucks in a shocked breath, and when the man turns his head sharply, his wide eyes are the exact same shade of blue as those of Dean’s crow.
charm." He nudges over the threshold of the corridor, just to be sure the wall is completely gone, then steps out opposite Castiel. "I wasn't sure if I was just so tired that I was imagining things," he jokes.
Castiel leaves for college, and while he still holds his memories of Dean (and his heartache) close to his chest, it’s easy to be distracted by the newness of it all—new surroundings, new classwork, new friends. It still hurts, and he still misses the warm nights, the fair food,
“You’re beautiful,” he murmurs, and watches as Dean’s cheeks blush pink. “Stand up for me, good boy.”
He’s gotten used to it, and figured it would happen eventually, one day. He’d just never expected to finally feel his magic in an abandoned barn in the middle of nowhere…
Cas laughs, a laugh of pure joy and the wobbliness of unshed tears, and pulls Dean close for another kiss. For a long time, they just stand there together, trading kisses and quiet, disbelieving laughs—because holy shit, Castiel never thought he’d get to have this, never thought he’d fall in love with such an incredible, perfect submissive who
Weird mood or not, he makes sure to be polite to the delivery guy and tip him well, taking his bag of food with a genuine expression of gratitude because he had not realized quite how hungry he was until he smelled it.
Castiel looks upwards, towards the stars. They provide him no answer, and he knows, somewhere deep down in his being…
It’s a regular Tuesday afternoon when the single kindest thing any person has ever done for Castiel happens.
Dean slides into the booth first, his back against the wall, and for a moment Castiel feels compelled to slide in next to him, press in close and wrap his arm around the sub’s shoulders. Feel his warmth, his grounding presence.
Dean accepts his lance from Sam, ensures that it’s nestled securely beneath his arm, then flips down his visor and nudges Impala in the direction of the tilt. The sound of the crowd picks up as both Dean and the knight of Eden begin to move, until they’re shouting their support to the two armor-clad knights waiting at either end of the tilt.
touching, because that point of overlap is just uncomfortable for them both). His thoughts don’t ever leave Dean, and neither do his powers, limited as they are.
He doesn’t know how long it takes for Dean to return—tries resolutely not to check the time as he waits—but eventually the artist makes a reappearance, paper in hand and his laidback countenance back in place. “Sorry about the wait,” he says, sitting back down on his stool and sliding across to the work station where the inks and tattoo gun are set up and ready to go. Castiel’s heart kicks up a couple of notches.
Dean’s finger hovers in front of Castiel’s lips, tantalizingly close but not as tempting as the proximity of Dean’s lips. Castiel has imagined how he would kiss, alone at night in his bed, muffling his gasps against his hand. How this man would take him apart, what his lips would taste like, what those calloused hands would feel like on his skin.
He sighs quietly to himself, then blinks back down to the ground. Hopefully this will be the last one for a little while—it’s always hard on him, seeing other people able to pass on so smoothly while he remains stuck here. His purpose is a noble one, but that doesn’t mean that it doesn’t rend Castiel’s heart in two every time.
. “Go shower, and put on something comfortable,” he says quietly, “then meet me on the couch. I know I’ve been playing a little bit tonight, but this isn’t a scene, and it won’t be a scene when I give you your surprise.”
Dean’s hands, as they position Castiel’s arm on the armrest of the chair, are steady and careful. “That’s really cool,” he says. Even though he’s concentrated on his work, on spreading a gel over the skin of Castiel’s forearm and positioning the stencil just right, there’s an attentiveness to his voice that signals that he’s paying attention. “So I guess you’re super strong and bendy and stuff, right? My brother’s into fitness stuff like that, but I’m just not flexible enough.” He laughs self-deprecatingly as he smooths the paper over Castiel’s skin and presses it down.
Dean’s mouth pulls into a thin, upset line, and there’s a definite slump to his shoulders—but regardless of how he’s feeling, he nods again. “We can do that,” he says, his voice mostly steady but with a tiny shake that underlies it. He stands when Castiel does, follows him wordlessly towards the door. They pause while he pulls his shoes on, every movement slow and careful, as though he’s trying to hold himself together. For a moment, Castiel feels bad about reacting as strongly as he did—but it’s not something that he can help.
It feels just like any other day, in that the sun still shines, the birds still sing, the earth still turns. It feels almost cruel—someone Castiel loves has
Dean’s hands leave Castiel’s shoulders, and then the ledger is being pushed in front of his face. Castiel forces himself up into a sitting position, squinting at the words. They still don’t make any sense to him, but they must to Dean, judging by the way he’s practically vibrating with excitement from where he’s kneeling next to the couch.
They repeat that once, twice, three times, until his chest doesn’t feel quite so tight. Castiel leans into Dean’s hands just a little, and watches as Dean’s gaze drops to his forearm, to the Dom mark and the half-finished tattoo, then lifts back up to Cas’s eyes. “What should I do, Cas?” he asks, his voice soft but firm. “How can I help?”
Seeking a little bit of time to himself, he makes his way over to the stream bordering their camp for a drink. In the early morning light, his reflection is a grey-ish blue and ripples across the water. There's dirt streaked across his cheekbone, presumably from his rough night's sleep, and so Dean scoops his hands into the water and scrubs at his face and his hair until he feels at least halfway clean.
Cas is leaning forward now, wedging his elbows over the bench seat in between Sam and Dean with little care that they're two people he's only just met. Sam gives him an odd look, just for a second, but Cas doesn't seem to notice, too focused with pointing his camera out through the front windshield and taking photographs of the slowly forming tornado dead ahead of them.
"Careful!" he shouts, one hand holding his GoPro while he films and the other keeping Cas steady by his elbow. "Can't have you flying off on me now, who knows where you'll end up!"
he would, but he’s certainly been more than a little nervous about this show ever since he broached the subject.
Filch's scowl deepens, and he nods his head. "Very wise, very wise. I'll put that poltergeist back in his place. Keep doing your good work, Mr. Novak." And then he's shuffling off, quicker than Dean has seen him move in a long time.
“Alright.” Castiel’s heart is going jackhammer-fast, and he curls his shaking hands into fists as he positions himself behind Dean.
He’s tall and tanned, wearing only what looks to be some sort of loincloth. Gold adorns his wrists and throat and ears, standing out starkly against the dark, unruly curls of his hair. Wide, blue eyes bore into Dean’s as though they can see right into his very soul, and his feet are bare, grounded against the earth and stone.
," Dean insists, his voice cracking on the single syllable, and so Castiel does. He reads silently, eyes scanning over the handwriting that is so familiar because it's Dean's, and by the time he's halfway, there are tears rolling down his cheeks.
Castiel just lifts the cigarette to his lips again, and takes a long drag. The smoke curls out from between his lips and dissipates into the air, but in the red-gold light of the setting sun that filters through the dusty windows, his blue eyes seem to glow.
Castiel stiffens immediately, straightening his spine and placing a hand on Dean’s thigh that’s partly possessive and partly to keep himself from melting down again. “Hello, Zachariah,” he says, curt and formal. “Can I help you?”
His expression turns a little bit sad, and Castiel can feel his do the same. He’d half-hoped that there’d be a story about him out there somewhere, that people remembered him for doing something good instead of just being a forgotten name on an old piece of stone.
“Who are you?” he growls, the fingers of his left hand twitching towards another throwing knife. Whoever this alpha is, he’s more dangerous than Dean had thought, and he
Dean’s tongue sweeps over his bottom lip, then catches between his teeth. “What, besides getting laid by a smoking hot guy?”
His hands shake when he pulls out his phone and unlocks it, but he manages to pull himself together enough to read the text.
Does he do them up, and leave the sleeves long, like he has every other day since his eighteenth birthday?
"We have a YouTube channel." Dean shrugs. "It's fun to teach people about this stuff, and pays some of the bills, y'know? Little bit of a side hustle." He shoots the camera a wink, then looks back at the road as Sam gives a little bit of information about the tornado ahead, then sets the GoPro aside.
The muscles of Dean’s thighs tense, as though his instinctive reaction is to shuffle his feet and deny it, but he doesn’t move. His gaze, however, drops to the floor, and Castiel makes a disapproving sound.
“Dean,” he says, sharper and more desperate than he’d intended it. He makes sure to soften his voice when he says, quietly, “You don’t have to go, you know.”
claw their way up his throat, Dean finds that the only way to cope is to self-medicate. Alcohol, cigarettes…
It’s only natural, then, that he runs headfirst into someone as soon as he steps foot inside the building.
Try as he might, tears are still prickling at the backs of his eyelids. He had just wanted to be left alone.
Gordon splutters, his joke having backfired, while Dean smirks to himself and heads off to find Cas.
He leaves the sentence hanging, clearly seeking information from Castiel. He’s happy to oblige—and he wants Dean to know which name to be begging later tonight.
“Just spit it out,” Dean growls, staring him down across the distance between them. He feels agitated, that same agitation that he knows is best released by fighting or fucking, and—well.
Dean struggles to find his class on his first day at college, and an attractive stranger helps him out.
The silver-yellow mix of moon and streetlight filters through the dusty motel window and falls gently across Dean’s sleeping figure in the next bed over. His expression is slack, relaxed, innocent, lips softly parted and one hand curled loosely against his chest. Castiel’s heart aches as he thinks back to the beginning of their friendship—how he would stand and watch Dean sleep, just as he’s doing now. A guardian angel, already beginning to fall.
After dinner, they put on some Netflix, but it’s more than clear that neither of them are really paying attention. In the end, Dean decides to just embrace the
Dean’s excitement is almost palpable, from the way his eyes light up and he becomes so much more animated. To his credit, he manages to stay quiet as Castiel leads him through the house—although the way he half-reaches for so many of the different display cases they walk past betrays just how curious he is about all the relics in Castiel’s house. Honestly, it might be nice to finally have someone to talk with about them again.
The barrel of a gun presses against the back of his head, and Castiel closes his eyes for a moment. How the hell is he going to get out of this?
He’s not sure where he puts his hands first, whether it’s on Castiel’s face or waist or shoulders, just that he’s not sure whether he wants to shove or punch or
Dean leans forward with the cigarette in his mouth and his eyes fixed on Castiel, who flicks open his lighter and obligingly lights Dean’s cigarette for him. He takes in a drag as Castiel lights his own cigarette, then lets the smoke curl out from between his lips in a way that looks unbearably attractive and has Castiel already half-hard in his slacks.
Everything after the accident blurs together. Sam flies home from California, but stays with Dean on the day of the funeral. With a broken arm and a newly-reconstructed knee, he can’t go far.
So he stands there, watching as she says goodbye to her family, and does not immediately realize that the little boy is watching him with big, green eyes until he speaks.
Dean follows him through the house, always staying a step or two behind even though there’s no way that he hasn’t already memorised the layout of Castiel’s house. He’s clever and crafty, and Castiel just has to hope that his trust isn’t misplaced. He’s
The call comes, and they take their positions at either end of the tilt. Impala dances in excitement, held by Dean’s reins and the weight of his seat, whereas the other knight’s grey horse stands perfectly still. They wait, lances at the ready…
The waiters give a five minute call for the dinner courses to begin, and guests begin migrating over towards the long table in twos and threes. Their little group stays where it is for now, because Dean’s telling an anecdote about one of his clients and Anna is showing off some ink that Castiel had never known she’d had, exposed by the dress she’s wearing tonight.
How long will it be until Dean just gives up on him? He’s barely more than a stranger, and a broken one, at that.
“I’m not going anywhere, Cas,” he says. His other hand comes up, curving against Castiel’s jaw, and Castiel can only stand there in shock as Dean leans in, tilts his head just a little to the side, and kisses him.
“Very funny,” Cas tells him, shaking his head, then rolls out his shoulders and stands tall. It’s such a seamless transition back into his role as king that Dean can’t help but be impressed, letting it bleed slightly into his scent.
“Hey,” Dean murmurs back, giving up on his attempt and pressing himself close to Cas. It feels good to be able to wrap his arms around him and just hold him. “I’m sorry I’m home so late. Thank you for dinner.”
And then one morning, Dean wakes up to find that the visitor perched on his windowsill is no longer a crow at all.
Dean has never properly spoken to anyone from a different kingdom. People have visited the palace, sure, but it's always been to speak with his parents. Dean has just been there for decoration—
It sounds like he’s talking with one of the food photographers, his voice sounding kind and happy, and Dean isn't sure what the twisting in his chest means, but he sure as hell doesn't like it. That doesn't matter right now, though—what matters is that Novak's alarm is meant to go off in just over ten minutes, and all his spoons should be well on their way to frozen at this point. He keeps his gaze on his laptop, but his attention is definitely on the bench behind him.
“Angels do not experience sexual attraction,” he tells Dean. But as he says it, as the words roll off his tongue…
It takes five minutes for Dean to relax, and five minutes for Castiel to finally make his move. He starts subtly: the shift of his hand against Dean’s thigh, fingertips brushing the inseam of his jeans and thumb smoothing idly over the denim.
The bundle of cloth feels heavy in Castiel’s arms as he carries it over to Dean’s nightstand. He’s put so much of himself into this—so much of his emotion, his thoughts, his
Dean has been running for so long. He’s given his all, fought tooth and nail for his own survival, but even the best hunters are simply mortal.
Sam shrugs. In the light emanating from the camera's display screen, Dean can see him grin. "Got bored. Now, don't we actually need to drive back to civilisation so you can go on a date with your hot photographer? I would've thought you'd be raring to go."
When Castiel glances over, Dean has a thoughtful look on his face, as though he’s considering his reaction. “Should I, Cas?” he asks with a grin, clearly wondering whether it would be funnier to just pretend that he’s not here. He must make up his mind, though, because as they pass under the tall oak tree beside the main path, Dean pokes his tongue out in concentration and focuses on one of the branches overhead.
Anna gives him a look like she doesn’t quite believe him—which is fair enough—but relents. “Alright. I’ll come find you bright and early tomorrow, though, so we can get started with teaching you your new role.”
“Exactly!” Dean snaps the ledger shut and tosses it onto the coffee table. There’s an energy about him that’s infectious, unleashable, something to be marvelled at and swept along by.
Dean inhales, a breath that hitches in his chest and jitters against his ribs, and then exhales again.
“I’d love that,” Dean says with a grin. “I’m Dean, by the way. Should I just keep referring to you in my head as ‘hot guy with an even hotter novel,’ or…?”
“Don’t you get started.” Castiel scowls. “Inias already teases me about it enough without you joining in. I can’t get a damn cat, so this is the closest I can get, okay?”
And then his three minutes are up. His alarm goes off, and he sits up with a groan, reaching for his alarm clock with one hand and rubbing at his eyes with the other.
He prefers to put his trust in his own skill: the bite of salt and the sharpness of steel. He is the only person he can ever trust, and God can go get fucked—if he exists.
They take their seats at the table, and for a second Castiel wonders whether he should have put out a candle, or bought flowers or something (not that his rubber plant doesn’t make a nice centerpiece for the table). Would that have improved the atmosphere? Made it more romantic? Easier for them to talk?
He steps forward, so that he’s standing next to Dean, side by side looking down at the old grave. Except Castiel is looking less at the grave and more over at Dean, the corners of his mouth pulling down.
farm, and they slowly expand it, getting cows and an orchard, and eventually making their own cheeses and preserves.
It takes a few seconds for his eyes to adjust, and he blinks into the darkness until he can make out the shape of Dean’s face in the darkness, the shine of his eyes and the white of his smile. “Hey,” Dean whispers, and beneath the covers, his hand bumps against Castiel’s, their fingers loosely linking together.
thing. Now, not only does he have an obsession with the vigilante, his powers and his moral compass and the way he
Castiel’s heart swells in his chest, emotions rising thickly in his throat. How long has it been since someone said those words to him? How much has shutting himself away from the world out of fear impacted his life?
His favourite spot of all is the tallest pine tree, right in the middle of the cemetery, and that is where he goes now.
“Would you like a drink?” he asks, as they scoop meat and vegetables onto their respective plates and then swap them.
Dean frowns, and doesn’t move. “Don’t charge? What do you mean, don’t charge? That’s not what your website says, and I—“
For a second, he doesn’t realise that the voice is talking to him, too enveloped in his own thoughts—and then it twigs, and he glances up, towards the boy who is watching him with a half-smile on his face.
Lights glow in strings above the wooden dancefloor, polished to a sheen but impossible to slip on. Fireflies drift amongst the guests, floating and flickering, and the band situated off to the side of the dancefloor is playing quiet, beautiful music. There are people everywhere—dancing, mingling in small groups, even some standing slightly away from the dancefloor, watching or talking to other people.
They pause, once they’re dressed, and both turn to look at the bed. Cas has never had to share it with someone before, so he always just sleeps in the middle, and the nightstands he purchased for each side solely because they came in a pair are both cluttered with his personal effects. Which begs the questions, which side do they sleep on?
Everyone knows that Castiel Novak is the class nerd. Always dressed in t-shirts with obscure references, his book bag covered in pins, worn red converse tied up tightly and the soles duct taped where they’re starting to come apart. His glasses are thick-rimmed, his hair is always a mess, but despite his somewhat eccentric appearance, he’s generally pretty well-liked. He’s smart, and nice (if a little quiet), and so people leave him alone.
There’s no moment of hesitation from Dean, and it’s nice to know Dean trusts him as they make their way through the crowd, heading back towards the way they came in. Castiel keeps a tight grip on the book and tries his best not to look too guilty as they leave.
“Yeah!” comes the muffled reply from further into the apartment. Cas closes the door behind himself, kicks off his shoes, then goes to locate his boyfriend.
Gods, Castiel's expression is so sad. Dean watches as he takes a deep breath, and closes his eyes for a second. "They're letters," he says quietly. "From a... a friend of mine, in another kingdom. His name is Michael. Dean, I—I love him, but I know nothing can ever happen now. I'll be a good husband, I—"
hard and actually make Novak genuinely angry, he just... wants it to be enough to piss him off a little.
Charlie's voice carries across the kitchen—it's more quiet than it had been earlier, with most people off to lunch, so at least she's the only one who suspects he's up to something. And out of all his co-workers and fellow food editors, she's the one who will be most on board with his idea.
He thinks he knows what it is, and what it means, but for now, he’s happy to just sit on it. To let it grow, and to get accustomed to it, until the right time comes to share how he feels with Dean.
It’s Castiel’s job to keep him settled. He’s not allowed to help after the smoke alarm fiasco of ’16, so he does his duties in emotional support. “It’s going to taste great, Dean,” becomes his mantra, but he doesn’t mind.
Dean pales slightly as he stares at his own photograph, whereas Castiel just chuckles. He pats Dean on the thigh as he circles around the chair, then pulls his knife out of his belt and slices through the ropes binding Dean’s hands.
On Cas’s first proper Christmas with the Winchesters, they give him the full experience, which means going to check out Santa’s village. It’s a novelty thing, mostly done as a joke, but Cas…
Dean notices it at the same time, because he gives up on shooting and instead presses his foot down over Castiel’s on the gas, trying to urge their little boat just a bit faster. “Almost there,” he shouts, even as the smoke gets thicker. They pull up against the side of the yacht, as far back as they can manage, and Dean grabs onto a loop of rope hanging off the side while steadying his gun in his other hand.
Castiel watches the teenaged runaway from the shelter of a building as he wipes at his eyes and climbs into the car. There is no telling where he will go, how long he will leave for, what he will do. It is Castiel’s job to do nothing but watch and report, even when he aches for the boy in his search for guidance, for love.
Dean swallows, throat suddenly dry, his hands tugging at the last of Cas’s garments without conscious thought.
There’s a cabin by the lake—one owned by the royal family, but that seems like it’s only ever been used by Dean. Even then, he hasn’t gone near it in years, but it’s where he goes now. Returning to the palace doesn’t feel like an option, not tonight, not with the way his mind is churning after what had happened.
The woman sits back on her heels and looks up at her husband, a look of sorrow and regret etched across her features. “It’s going to be okay,” she whispers to her family, even though they can’t hear her, even though little Dean is only able to see Castiel—which is something he’s going to have to sit down and process soon, but now is not the time.
Dean sobs, then, great wracking sobs that shake his body as Castiel climbs up onto the bed beside him and just holds him, stroking his back and letting him cry against his shoulder. They’ve been roommates for long enough—boyfriends for less, but still not an insignificant while—that Castiel should have known this was coming, and he whispers his apologies into Dean’s hair. Whether or not he’s heard, he’s not sure, but it doesn’t matter. All that matters in this moment is that he’s here for Dean.
Even with Dean’s apparent lack of spatial awareness, though, they work well together. Dean is quick to learn the ins and outs of Castiel’s kitchen, asking where things are located or for Castiel’s opinion on this or that. It’s not long before the burgers are done cooking and they’re standing side by side at the kitchen counter, their elbows bumping while they each assemble the burgers.
Once they’ve eaten, they move to the sitting room, where Castiel tucks himself up in one of the armchairs and watches with amusement as Dean picks over the room like a child excited by his favourite toys. There is no shortage of unique books or magical artifacts in this house—most of them harmless but all of them rare and intriguing—and for Dean, it must be like Christmas.
The sight of the greenery of his plants helps to settle his mind a little, and he spends ten minutes meticulously checking on each one of them. They’re all looking good, apart from the spider plant on his kitchen bench, the tips of whose leaves have turned slightly brown. He resolves to check on it more often—it was the first one he ever bought and he doesn’t want it dying on him now.
Why hasn’t he gone there? Why is he still stuck here, where no one can see him or touch him save for other spirits?
“At the very least, I’ll have to pay you for today. And in person, because you’re way too handsome to never see again.”
No matter—he’s used to that. Some evenings, the itch under his skin is worse than usual, and it doesn’t always subside with the first thing he tries. This feels less like tightly-wound tension and more of a jittery anxiety that squeezes around his chest, but hopefully his usual tricks will still apply.
And isn’t that just a cryptic answer, but Castiel knows enough of Dean by now to know that he won’t be getting any more information until Dean is ready to divulge it. Besides, he’s too tired to press for more right now.
Except for the man who had been holding his shirt over his nose. With only one hand on the flamethrower, he has no way to keep it steady, and as he stumbles back to get away from the Wendigo, his flame swings wildly—
It’s clear what he’s looking for: the big case in the middle of the room, walled in glass and braced by steel, with a velvet cushion sitting directly in the centre. There’s a heavy padlock hanging from the front of the case, but that’s not Dean’s biggest concern right now.
They don’t say much of anything after that. Instead, they just sit, looking out over the world beyond until the sun sinks below the horizon and the closing of the cemetery forces Dean to say goodbye.
Castiel glances over at him, trying to discern any kind of emotion from the severe lines of his face, but he finds nothing. “You’ve heard about me?” he asks, brows furrowed. “Why? How?”
the tea is usually quite a process, which is why, every morning, he makes his way down to the kitchen in a bathrobe and pair of fuzzy slippers, blinking blearily at the world and wishing he were still in bed. For anyone else, the journey from bed to kitchen in
Castiel, like anyone else, has always looked forward to the weekend. The weekend means respite, recuperation, a chance to catch up on the hectic work that gets thrown his way Monday through Friday. He loves his job, he really does, but it feels so good to get to just
A young boy, about Dean’s own age, dressed head to toe in golds and reds and whites, looking for all the world as though he’d rather be anywhere else.
“Fine,” Dean mutters, but for all his grumpy posturing, there’s a shine in his eyes that’s impossible to hide, and that warms Castiel’s heart. God, he loves Dean so much. It feels so good to be able to properly say that now.
But eventually, they have to separate. One last goodbye, one last kiss, and then Dean is gone, and Cas takes his place in the rocket.
He’d made a promise, but there’s no way he can keep it if he never sees Dean again. There’s only so much he can do from within the confines of his cemetery, no matter how many times he’s tried to push at the boundaries of it, to see if they’ve relaxed over the years. He’s never had any luck.
But eventually, like every time before, Dean has to leave. Sam’s at his house, he says, he’d flown in for Christmas for the first time in years, and now that Dean isn’t hunting as much, they’re finally repairing the bonds between them.
“Yeah, I’m tired too,” Dean agrees with a grin, then nudges Castiel gently with his elbow. “Let’s go back to my place, it’s not far. We can look at the ledger, and you can stay over, if you want. It’s too late in the evening for you to head home.”
All the wondering and the questioning he’s been doing, all the places he’s been looking for answers… he’d never expected it to be
Dean's gaze slides off to the side, and only now does he realise why Sam has been so quiet, so unnaturally still. He's pale with anger, his jaw clenched, brightness welling up in the corners of his eyes. When Dean meets his gaze, something devastatingly
“May the breath of Eden grace your wings, generals,” he says, accompanying his words with a bow that recognises their status.
earlier, and since you were so kind as to put some of my things in the freezer, I figured I'd repay the favour."
The answer to that is… that it feels like coming home. That sliding his hands around, carefully doing up the buckle so that the collar is just the right side of snug, feels exactly like this is what he was born to do. Castiel checks the tightness of the collar, lets his fingertips linger across the places where smooth leather meet warm skin, then runs his knuckles up the curve of his jaw.
“Castiel,” he says without thinking, reaching out his hand. Dean takes it, his palm warm and calloused, and Castiel isn’t sure where he wants to look first—the tattoos that adorn his skin, those perfect lips and their piercings, or the green eyes that are just as captivating up close.
But there’s one that sticks out—in a way that he’s not quite sure about yet. If he can bring himself to do it, it will show how far he’s come. How dedicated he is to Dean. How he’s accepted the parts of himself that he brings to their relationship, the parts of him that only months ago, he’d been trying his best to hide away from the world, and even hide from himself.
He doesn’t have time to dance around the djinn, or go looking for it. He has to kill it, and only then can he go to Dean. Aware, and having claimed the empty space in the middle of the room, he has the high ground.
They stay on the edge of the crowd for a while, just watching, but then the crowd shifts, and they find themselves
“Here we are,” Dean says—somewhat redundantly, Castiel thinks with a hint of amusement that seems out of place in this situation. “Stay with me, I’m going to find a way in. No matter how tempting it might be to look around, don’t leave my side, okay?”
He is all grass-green eyes and curving smiles, sharp and relaxed all at once where he leans against the bar and converses easily with the bartender. The light enhances the spatter of his freckles, glows through the beer on the bar in front of him. He has one hand in the pocket of his jeans, effortlessly battered but clean, and his flannel hugs the planes of his body in a way that has more than half of the bar watching him.
Behind them, though, there's another figure. And as they emerge into the courtyard, the King and Queen move aside just enough, and—
The monstera on the countertop doesn’t respond, but that’s nothing new. Instead, Dean just sips at his coffee as he checks over its leaves. “Another one coming in already?” he muses to himself, then reaches out to pat her pot. “Workin’ hard, darlin’. Keep at it.”
His heart aches for what he’s lost, and his magic yearns for what it’s being denied, as his feet carry him away from the ball and he disappears into the dark solitude of the night.
He yawns, rubs his hands over his face, then wordlessly summons his broom from where it had been lying on the ground beside him. It
While they’re not moving all of Dean’s stuff to Castiel’s apartment, it still has to go somewhere, and so the overall process itself takes all day. A lot of Dean’s stuff has to go to a storage unit for him to deal with at a later date, and then the rest of his belongings and equipment and furniture make their way over to Cas’s apartment. His drawing desk is big and beautifully built and takes the three of them to get all the way up to the apartment. By the time it’s in place, they’re all sweating, but
Castiel is no C, but he is kind and thoughtful. All Dean can do is hope that that will be enough, and that he'll be a good husband, no matter how much he wishes he could have married for love.
“To our success,” Castiel echoes. Imbued with a hint of Dean’s bravery, he lifts the glass to his lips and swallows the contents in one go—it’s only half of what Dean has in his glass, but it still burns like fire sliding down his throat.
“Why did you call me out here?” he asks as Bobby and Rufus sit down at the map table in the middle of the tent, following their lead and pulling up a stool.
Dean pulls him in for a kiss that’s as celebratory as they can make out without disturbing the sleeping cat, and Castiel can’t help but laugh breathlessly against Dean’s lips. It feels
By the time the song finishes, Castiel has been sitting with his mouth open for three and a half minutes with no work to show for it. The last notes of the song fade, and then Dean opens his eyes, made vulnerable and raw by the music. His smile is fragile, as though that rendition could have been anything less than perfect, as though Castiel could possibly find any room for improvement. Cas has recorded a lot of artists, but none of them had managed to floor him quite as thoroughly as what he’d just witnessed.
“What a fuckin’ day,” Dean mutters as he reaches for a third slice, sprawled out on the floor like he couldn’t make his muscles work even if he wanted them to. Castiel and Inias murmur their agreement, too tired to do much more—especially not while eating. It hasn’t been long since Castiel had helped Inias move out, but he hadn’t had quite as much to move as Dean has, and it’d felt like so much more of a process this time around.
It shaped up to be a cut-throat race, of course—everyone around knew that Dean Winchester had returned to reclaim his father’s crown, and it seemed like half the city had turned out to stop him doing just that. The starting line had been packed with more speeders than Dean had ever seen in his life, and all eyes were on him, it felt like. Waiting for him to slip up. Waiting for him to fail.
This time, the smile he gets is amused and much more genuine. “Is she the lady with the stick up her ass who’s always yelling at people in the corridors?”
Anna smiles, and there’s no hesitation in the way she takes Dean’s hand and shakes it firmly. “Only good things,” she confirms with a chuckle. “It’s lovely to meet you, Dean. Give me one moment—“
Dean spends his entire day pulling weeds and evaluating the state of the farm, only stopping for half an hour to make himself a quick sandwich and
Dean must be grinning from ear to ear like a lunatic by now, but since it doesn’t really seem to be fazing Cas, he can’t bring himself to care. “Talk to you later,” he confirms with a nod. He can only watch as Cas makes his way out of the store, then turns and gives Dena a small goodbye wave through the window, still dumbfounded at how this morning has turned out.
“Red… a red speakeasy,” Dean mutters to himself as he stands from the desk, then reaches out and claps Castiel on the shoulder, lips curling into a grin. “I think I can work with that, Cas. Thanks for your help, I’ll be in touch.”
Dean stares at him, his thoughts clearly processing behind those pretty green eyes. It’s a lot to lay on someone all at once—and to be honest, Castiel isn’t even really sure
Their talent and prowess makes them highly sought after, and they’ve travelled almost all the way across America, putting on performances in every city they pass. They arrive, set up, dazzle the crowd for a handful of nights, and then as quickly as they had appeared, they disappear again, bound for another city, another audience, another world of their very own creation.
He bites his bottom lip, trying not to think about just how close Cas is standing, and how he can basically
He’d known for a long time, long before he would become eligible for his first matching ball, that he would be a witch. Magic runs in the royal bloodlines, and he’s been fascinated by it for as long as he can remember. It had come as a surprise to no one when he’d inadvertently cast his first spell, turning the doors of the throne room to glass after a particularly heated argument with his father.
The next morning, everyone is expecting things to still be tense. Dean had seemed pretty pissed off yesterday, after all, and it wouldn't be unlike him to be letting some of his residual anger carry over to the next day.
A gentle pinch to one of Dean’s nipples gets his attention once more, and he feels Cas smile against his skin. “Still with me? Let’s get those jeans off, and then I’ll have you on all fours, thank you, sweetheart.”
He’d adopted some of it himself, once he started to notice spirits giving him odd looks for his army-regulation uniform, the blue coat and the shiny black boots. Instead, he’s exchanged it for something simpler, similar to what he’s seen other people in the cemetery wear when they aren’t dressed all in black, and it’s an outfit that he’s quite fond of. He knows that he’ll have to exchange his blue polo shirt and bell-bottomed ‘jeans’ once the style moves on again, but for now, he likes them.
“I don’t understand,” he pleads, and Dean’s eyes snap to where he’s standing, the barrel of the gun following only half a second later.
There’s a touch of slurring to his usual drawling accent, and Castiel is yet to decide if it’s endearing or concerning. The fact that Dean is asking about his night is, at least, very sweet of him. “It was quite quiet, until someone decided to pay an after-hours visit,” he points out wryly. “I’m guessing you’ve had a good night?”
It feels as though all the emotions of the day catch up to them as they undress each other with tired, fumbling fingers and gentle caresses, and Castiel isn’t sure whether he wants to laugh or cry. He’s just so overwhelmed, and it’s all he can do to let Dean pull him into the shower and press his face into the crook of Dean’s neck as they stand under the spray.
That pull on his magic, one that calls out to him so strongly that he almost falls off his perch. There, across the park—the man with green eyes and a grin brighter than the sun.
It’s selfish, because he knows his offer isn’t entirely about fulfilling his promise to the woman and is instead about his own desire to have someone, anyone, to talk to. But he can’t help it.
. Dean groans and arches up into it, curling his fingers into Cas’s shirt and threading the other hand into his hair.
But Dean isn’t quite finished. “I might not have found much about you, apart from your basic army records,” he says, looking away again and picking idly at a stray thread along the seam of his jeans. “But I did find some interesting stuff about what you… might be.”
The man exhales, and his eyes close, as though it takes him a great effort to remember. It has been a long time since he was actively worshipped, after all.
He reaches for Dean again, so much closer this time, and returns his fingers to Dean’s hair. It’s so satisfying to muss up the spiky styling, knowing that it’s
Before he can react, though, Dean takes a step forward, into Castiel’s personal space. The wind of his powers picks up, more and more and more—
Dean stares at him, barely able to pick himself up from where he lies shattered on the floor. He can't reply, can't acknowledge that he's understood, because he doesn't trust himself to hold it together if he speaks.
Dean grins, euphoric, and even though he’s fantasized about kissing Cas once or twice in the quiet privacy of his garage, he’s never wanted to do it quite as much as he does now. “I don’t know how to thank you, Cas, really.”
Dean, Sam, and Cas stay in the bunker, occasionally helping out other (younger) hunters, but for the most part, Team Free Will keep to themselves. They’ve seen it all, and now it’s their turn to rest.
Castiel frowns. “But… djinn dreams are supposed to show you your greatest wish, right? Why was it just black?”
Dean barely moves, just turns his head in Sam’s direction. His eyes are red-rimmed, but his gaze doesn’t leave the path.
Cas still isn’t totally symptom-free, though, so on the nights when they’re both feeling exhausted and sorry for themselves, they set themselves up on the couch with a block of chocolate between them and a classic movie playing on the TV.
Not the best signs, but Dean is more than used to a life like this by now. He pays with a credit card under the name of Robert Plondt, his heart in his throat—he’s never used a fake card while he’s alone, and
