Steve, the little shit, looked absolutely delighted. His face was bright with joy and his eyes were full of life. Otherwise, he looked just the same as always; big, blond and strong. But his clothes were different. They looked really bizarre, like a parody of the American flag on a military uniform. Only the center of his chest had a pentagram design. And were those red gloves?
“Oh but Captain, he’s not yours.” Ty says and suddenly the friendly pretense drops like a mask coming off. “See, I’ve been seeing Tony for months. And we were planning to bond this week-“
Putting everything into his legs, Tony kicked and screeched, doing everything to shove Norman off. If he could just get back on his feet-
“Oh jeez, don’t look. I’m so sorry Tony, I couldn’t help it.” Steve groaned tiredly, scrubbing at his face harshly. His cheeks were bright red; hot with shame.
It was lucky Steve hadn’t found that too strange. Tony could hardly believe he’d just said something that soppy but he couldn’t pull it back now. Plus it was true.
The truck-driver didn’t argue after that. Like a dog with his tail between his legs, the guy scuttled away like the creature he was.
Even as he spoke, his heart felt heavy. Like someone had taken what was left of it and burned it. He hadn’t ever imagined he’d be so upset. Why did this even affect him so much?
Some time passed before Tony finally shifted. That seemed to pull Steve out of his trance too and slowly they both lifted their heads to face each other. Tony looked at the puffy, red rimmed eyes of his husband and watched as he swallowed and inspected Tony.
When they reached the mansion, Iron man was quick to take his leave, so reluctantly Steve made his way to his bedroom to have a quick shower and get changed, before heading to the kitchen area.
Tony sighed and walked up to the window. Slowly he inched forward and tapped on the glass window. The guy barely stirred.
Steve’s entire body morphed, his eyes glowing a bright gold as his nose shifted and grew, and dark grey hair appeared all over his body as he expanded. His lips pulled back into a snarl as his teeth became sharper and his long sleeved clothes tore into pieces to reveal the strange uniform he’d seen Steve in many times. His claws elongated and limbs doubled in size.
In the end, it doesn’t matter. There’s a clear answer after all. Really, Tony didn’t even know why he’d been unsure in the first place.
Spinning around, Tony tried to hide how much he was blushing. Steve was checking him out, without question.
“No-no, please no-!” He cried, pulling away so much that Steve yanked him back, grabbing his wrists and pulling his back to his chest, locking Tony’s hands in front of them. Like this, Tony couldn’t hurt himself but he did scream.
“Hmm.” Tony tapped the screen in front of him and swiped the map aside, pulling up the folder with the mission report. They had the right location and everything tied up.
With shaky hands, he pulled out the frame from under the bed and stared at the broken picture frame in his hands. Under the fractured glass was the picture of him and Steve and the others, but it looked as though someone had taken it and smashed it against the ground.
Once upon a time he would’ve joked about that. Once upon a time, he wouldn’t have given up. On his hopes and dreams for his company. On his belief in the Avengers. In Ironman and in Steve. His love for Steve, his hopeless
“So.” Tony spun on his heel and faced the non-plussed soldier, forcing himself not to react when Steve still handed the car keys to the guards to retrieve the car. “Care to explain what that was about?”
Things swam. His vision tripled and he groaned with pain, feeling Norman pull his hands back in one movement.
“What are you talking about? I haven’t killed anyone!” He snarls back. Reed’s a complete hypocrite and a madman and Steve was wrong to even leave him alone for a second-
The planet was solid under his feet. The ground didn’t crumble away and thankfully didn’t swallow him whole. But other than a dark grey dust that felt like clay, a baron wasteland of a planet contained nothing. There was a slight mist that seemed to follow the same slow movement as the asteroids, but nothing else.
Holding his hands up, Steve lowered his chin and pouted a little. “Sorry, I know I should wait until you’re done. But I’ve just been thinking about it all week.”
The human, a young male with dirty brown hair and small features, squirmed in his grip, desperate to escape this depiction of hell. Tony scoffed at the attempt and merely bit harder into his neck, feeling his body thrum with the fresh intake of blood. He hadn’t felt this alive since he’d first died.
As soon as he straightened up, Tony opened his mouth to respond when suddenly alarms blared throughout the halls and the lights flashed red.
“When you’re ready, well...you give that to me. I’ll earn it back so that you want to give it to me. If that’s what you want.” Steve murmured quietly, eyeing Tony’s hands with a gaze like a hawks.
Warm. Everything was warm. The soft thing he was lying on, the thick comfortable material he was enveloped in-
All of a sudden, Steve’s eyes snapped open and he gasped when he saw the growing pool of blood at his feet. But then he lifted his head and looked at Tony like he was trying to meet his eyes through the suit.
“So is...” Tony mumbled groggily and felt his eyes slide shut again. At least Steve was okay, even if he wasn’t.
Before Maria could continue, Tony jumped up from his seat. There was no way in hell he was gonna sit here and listen while they just-
“As a matter of fact, yes.” Steve smiled tightly and reached for his belt where his gun lay. “Now are you gonna do as you’re told or are we gonna have a problem?”
“Get water instead. He doesn’t know what he’s talkin’ about. And Stevie...” Gabe glanced behind Tony and sighed.
As the night continues to drop in temperature, he feels his body beginning to weaken. It hurts when he shivers and his nose is running and nothing will warm his fingers no matter how hot and cold his cheeks feel-
“So just to be clear, you won’t be giving me anything to actually fabricate?” Tony asked dully, feeling like he was just better off not even bothering. Why fight the inevitable?
At once, the robots surged forward. All of the ones the agents had been dealing with turned towards them and began to close in on them. It didn’t take Tony long to realize the giant one was doing the same.
“I called you here because I have a proposition for you, Stark. There’s something I wanted to discuss.”
“You hate me don’t you?” Steve suddenly said, sounding extremely upset and wow, okay, that wasn’t what-
“Come with me. I’ll get this sorted for you.” He said and before Tony could answer, scooped his arms under Tony's legs and picked him up in one go.
It was hard to explain to Steve that it genuinely did not hurt without sounding like he was lying. Sure it stung when he shifted a certain way but Steve was a big enough distraction from the pain. They just had to be careful, otherwise it was fine.
“It’s so cool! He actually going out there like you!” Zachariah chittered, clapping his hands when Norman smiled and nodded.
A smooth black zip-up uniform greeted him. It had the yellow Shield logo on the right hand side of the chest and white boots tucked underneath. There were white gloves to match and a set of black communicators all attached to a white belt that Tony assumed would go around his waist. It was strange to picture himself in it but that didn’t change a thing. Commander rule of course.
Steve was frowning at Tony again, only this time the skin around his eyes looked tight and his lips were down turned.
By this point, Tony’s stress levels were skyrocketing. The absolute last thing he wanted was to be around this vampire who apparently scared even Zeke. They had no power here, and for Tony that was trouble.
He knows he’s being cruel. He knows it’s selfish. But a part of him, a desperate part wants answers. Why did Tony hide the incursions from him? Why did Tony think he was so dispensable, so unnecessary, that he just cast him away like used trash?  Why didn’t he tell him-
It isn’t even that, though he's had plenty of time to sit and learn that he's not good enough. It’s from the feeling that maybe he shouldn’t have hoped for more. That he was an idiot for thinking he could stand a chance against Captain America. Really, what would a man like Steve see in someone like Tony Stark?
“When Mr. Stark was director of Shield there was a lot of responsibility put on his shoulders over a very short period of time. And after what had happened to you sir, he was under an immense amount of stress. I can only imagine- “
“Shhhh, there’s a good boy.” Zeke murmured, stroking his back comfortingly. Somehow, he shuffled them to the bed and sat, Tony not letting go even for a second. He continued to swallow the blood happily, the bright red liquid filling his mouth.
On one hand, it’s seems like he’s been leading two alphas on-which, when he thinks about it, makes him shudder because he’d never pictured himself to be the type to do that, no matter how much he’d done when he was younger. On the other hand, if that’s not the case, which he hopes its not, then someone’s lying. Someone in this room is lying.
“Oh, who’s trying to sleep?” She interrupted, widening her eyes and looking around at the rest of the group in mock horror. Tony noticed a smile starting to grow on Ben’s face as she did. “Have we forgotten someone?”
Not to mention, Tony wasn’t exactly on good terms with Shield. Maria was just one example, and Steve was his own category.
For that, Tony resisted the urge to strangle Steve. Sometimes the idiot was so wrapped up in his own work that he missed the obvious.
"That's good. Good to know." Steve continued, and Tony struggled to keep his smile intact. "I needed to go through a few things with you, do you have a minute?"
The sight that met him was shocking. Zeke was sat on the bed, head buried in his hands while his shoulders shook. His favorite green robes were torn in various places and his hands were shaking every so slightly. The many sheets of paper Zeke had been using over the week were sprawled across the floor in a mockery of the carpet.
He’d screwed up. From the second he’d decided to support the SHRA he’d ruined everything. Like one big snowball, his life was tumbling down.
The air left his lungs and he gripped the seat of his chair tightly to keep from jumping up. It was hard enough, he couldn’t keep his heart still around Steve, but this-
Norman hummed in agreement. “Yes. Someone’s got to do something about these Avengers of the Undead.”
He made his way to his bedroom without a sound. Empty corridors were all he was surrounded by. He was getting used to it.
"I'm sorry too. I should've seen you were hurting. That's on me." Steve swallowed then looked at him with a fire in his eyes. "Never again."
Steve spun on his heel and looked at him, body alert and primed. Then he tossed his shield at the robot and began to run towards Tony in full speed.
Blinking his eyes a few times, he tracked the details of the room, suddenly realizing what had happened. His eyes widened when he stared down at the bed.
“Of course not. You’ve not really been around have you?” Mr. Robinson smirked. “It’s no surprise, considering Ironman’s performance a few months ago.”
He would take the plates afterwards and wash everything up without so much as a quip and would always promise to make more the next time.
Steve took a sip of his soda and swirled it around. “What about it?” He hummed. He had one arm stretched along the back of the sofa and was leaning back with his legs crossed casually. The picture of cool and controlled. Tony envied that- he was so similar when he was with others but he wished he could be like that around Steve too. Things would be so much easier.
His evening had taken such a turn. But this was the right choice, he knew. He'd always been a genius.
Tony had felt the stares. But for once, he was glad. Having attention on him because he was a traitor was one thing. Having it because he was deemed important to Steve, well-
Okay. So maybe he didn’t like Mr. Stark. He was ashamed to admit it might’ve had something to do with him keeping Iron man away from the mansion too.
“Sir, there’s no news from the viewing deck or defense. No signs of any imminent attacks or threats to the Helicarrier.”
"I always trust you." Tony said then began to blush hard again as he cleared his throat which really, Steve didn't feel that was fair. How could someone look so attractive even when crying? "I always have."
The rest of the week went by without a hitch. Tony completed some of the projects, attended plenty of meetings, just as he’d promised (
“That’s fair. My therapist says I need to try opening up more so that’s what I’m doing.” Steve shrugged calmly like he hadn’t just dropped a bombshell. “She says it would help my adjustment and my PTSD.”
“Let’s all have dinner here. It can be my treat. I can have some stuff brought up with just a few clicks and-“
Natasha had warned Steve that Tony’s heat would be bad. He’d been taking suppressants since he was a teenager and hadn’t stopped since. Of course, when the law changed, Tony had no choice. It was either risk an intense heat or sign his life away to an alpha.
“You were like this before too. When you went and deleted your brain like some noble idiot. I’m warning you now, no one thinks you did the right thing there. No one.”
"You're a hallucination." Tony says quietly and holds onto this false image of Steve with longing. "I should've known."
“The Captain?” Tony asked, trying not to focus too hard on the fact that he’d seen an arachnid, just mere hours ago.
“I’m just worried. They’re not themselves anymore.” She says quietly and Steve puts his hand on the panel and scans it.
His eyes flick between his teammates. They don’t say anything but Carol’s face is taut and pale and her eyes are frozen wide, like she’s been spooked.
“Well, you’re pregnant. You definitely shouldn’t have been fighting in the suit. You put yourself and the baby at risk.”
“Sir, you need to breathe. Emergency services have been notified and your emergency contacts have been notified. Miss Potts, Colonel Rhodes, Mr. Barton and Miss Romanoff have all been notified.”
Tony once remembered reading an article about soulmates. How if a bond was strong enough the pain of one mate could actually start to transcend into the other. Not physical pain but a phantom pain that mimicked the sensations. He’d remembered scoffing and picking up his whiskey to take a drink. He’d never have believed it before and even if he did, he’d never feel it. That was probably the only plus side.
She was beautiful, Tony noted. She had a wonderful figure that was emphasized by an elegant black dress with sequins, and a wonderful personality as he’d learned this evening. It felt wrong to not try and help her if she was upset.
Beyond the name imprinted lies a whole lifetime of hopes and dreams. The words imprinted on his skin were his lifeline long before Steve woke up from the ice. What Steve would never know was just how much his name had meant to Tony. When he had been only a few years old and Howard had handed him his first glass straight off the rocks, he’d held his wrist and not cried. It had been a nice cold one that even to this day, Tony remembers the burn that ran down his throat. But he hadn't
“Steve.” Tony groaned, pressing his head up to his hand and leaned back in the chair. They’d been through this already. “He didn’t do anything and besides, he’s in research. That’s basically the equivalent of a civilian. He was scared.”
“I’ll double the offer.” Steve promised, resting his chin on joint hands over the desk in thought. “Whatever he or she is promising you, I can double it. At least.”
“Let’s talk.” Tony said, sniffing quietly while Steve instantly felt filled with hope. “Let’s try again. I’m not saying I agree with you-“
The sun was setting, the day was ending. They were seated on their frequent ledge, watching it fade together. It wouldn’t be long now.
“But it’s not alright!” Tony cried loudly, pulling his hands away to let Zeke see the exhaustion in his eyes. That wasn't a lie. “I have let you down and there’s nothing worse-“
“Iron man, has anyone ever told you how incredible you are?” Steve panted, taking a glove off to rub his eyes and get rid of the dirt.
“Give me the commanders coordinates. I’m heading in.” He said and after inspecting the lifted up his gauntlets and took aim. He fired and the door swung open helplessly.
His eyes fall on the armor standing behind him. Hidden among the crowd of Shield members, Avengers and Illuminati, it’s there, waiting and watching silently.
Just before Reed leaves, he stops by the door. When he speaks, his voice is cool and indifferent, and Steve knows suddenly, that this will be the last time they speak.
But this bike ride was extremely shocking. Steve had never, not once since his return from the ice, taken someone with him. People had allegedly tried to request a glimpse of it at least but had been left in the dust often enough.
“To give Tony the extremis virus again. To synthesize a strain, I mean Steve-“ His eyes flashed as he stared at Steve, mind ticking away behind the glasses. “This is designed exactly for a recipient with an existing strain. And with simulated tests on adult males ranging from thirty to thirty-five years, with a medical history of heart conditions and previous extremis injections. Steve, you can’t seriously believe it’s not obvious who it’s for.”
“Of course. You’re welcome to stay with him until he wakes up. It shouldn’t be too long now, he’s almost at the end of his withdrawal, though he’s gonna be shaky for a while. He’s very lucky.”
It feels like hours before he reaches 890 fifth Avenue. He knows if can't have been too long though, otherwise he never would’ve made the trip. Still, he feels so much relief when he sees the familiar gates it the distance.
The white bandages around his waist were prominent. Easy as it was to forget around Steve, he was still injured and he needed to be careful otherwise he'd pull his stitches.
“Tony.” Steve said in the reflection and stepped closer behind him. He looked determined and somewhat red.
Since he was beside the window seat, he could see the Helicarrier below them. It still looked incredible (not that he’d ever admit that to anyone) but he didn’t see anyone waiting. Actually, he didn’t see anyone at all.
“Save it.” Steve said curtly and turned sharply on his heel, leaving Tony to stare at the tight muscles of his back. His shoulders were tense and Tony could see his hands clenched by his sides. Something heavy settled in his stomach at the sight. It was his fault.
Smiling at the both of them, Pierce raised his glass and took a sip, and when he finished, his eyes gleamed with excitement. He faced Fury with ease.
He goes to his quarters and locks the door. He gets changed, gets ready for bed and pulls back the sheets. The frame is placed on the bedside table and he settles himself comfortably before reaching into the lower draws for the bottle of alcohol he’s kept there since Steve died. He hasn’t had a drop but he pulls it out every night and looks at it, picturing just how much better he’d feel if he did.
Through the black bag on the hanger, Tony couldn’t see anything so it couldn’t be that obvious. And Steve wasn’t the type of guy to make a statement. He was much more subtle.
“Then what’s bitin’ ya?” Gabe insisted and leaned forward, dropping his voice to whisper-level. “Is it the girl?”
“I’m okay.” Tony says just as quietly and for a moment, he can’t help but smile a little. “And for the record, I don’t hate blue. It’s just-“
It was a low blow. He knew because the minute he said it, Mr. Stark bristled and gave him a surprised look.
“Shhh Tony, shhhhh.” Steve tried, squeezing Tony’s wrists gently in an attempt to ground him. It failed miserably when Tony felt a severe cramp in his abdomen and twisted onto his side to curl inwards. His hands trembled and his skin and clothes were soaked in sweat. His glazed eyes hid beneath his pale lids, which only added to the horrible sunken look they had. Weeks of sleep deprivation wasn’t helping Tony.
“Reed. Come in.” Steve says quietly, feeling that familiar stone settle in his gut. Ever since the confrontation, he has felt this heavy weight, large and unyielding in its quest to pull him down. It’s ugly and nasty and makes him cruel, and these days have given him time to think about it.
The blond looks behind himself briefly before turning back to him. Tony tries to make eye contact with him and watches the man shuffle on his feet a little before looking the other way. There’s the telltale signs of someone who clearly doesn’t want to deal with the homeless drunkard sitting on the corner shop.
His lips were moving before he could stop them. “But it would make it look like I’m with you. Or that I’m-I-“
“So as you can see, we have a number of projects we’re working on, but the main designs are currently focused on improving the weapons on the Helicarrier. To put it simply, it’s a weakness we can’t afford, and so the commander has tasked us with coming up with more efficient machinery, without the loss of power.”
“I don’t care about the company or any of it. I just want to go home. Please Steve, let me go home.” Tony whispered quietly, feeling his body hitch even as his eyes stayed on Steve’s horrified expression. Really, there wasn’t anything else he could do.
“W-what? We’re not...bonded.” Tony parsed out, barely able to make sense of it. His fingers itched to touch the mark again.
“Yes sir.” The whisper of a man said and pointed towards the enclosure with a shakey hand. “Even now, it’s...”
“I’m sorry.” Norman said sincerely, unlocking the door and holding it open. “I know this must be all so...unsettling for you. When I proposed the idea to Ty, I hadn't been sure. But I'm pleased it worked in making Whitney calm down.”
“What? What did you find?” Steve insisted, sounding borderline manic and Tony found himself watching him through thin slits.
With cautious steps, Tony made his way to the line behind Steve, eyeing him as he walked past. Steve didn’t say a word but he did raise a brow. Tony scowled but joined the line.
“Then why are we celebrating now?” Tony blinked and hoped Thor couldn’t hear the anguish in his voice. Or see how badly his hands were starting to shake.
His legs are shaking. His whole body is shaking. His face shifts between a look of pain and pleading. He knows he has no right to ask but he doesn’t want to be forgotten. He wants them to know he still thought of them. Even when he’s gone, they’ll know he thought of them.
"I threw up outside your apartment. Could barely stand afterwards..." Tony trailed off, remembering the guilt and fear of what had been coming. He was starting to feel the same now.
Sometimes he’s approached by a man. Sometimes a woman. Other times it’s groups, of men, of women or even both. It doesn’t matter, they always want the same thing.
He sighed and took Steve’s hand, silently impressed at the strength of the grip. It was firm and his claws encompassed Tony’s hand, but not once did they dig in.
Tony thought to himself, feeling his stomach turn with each twist in the corridor. At last they reached Zeke’s door.
Grant flinched as the man spoke directly to him. Somehow, he’d managed to get so close while he’d been down, that Grant was left blinking. How had he moved so quickly?
This was so different. It was so much better than he could've ever imagined as nothing could've prepared him for the sheer tenderness Steve would have when he touched him. His hands continued to slide down, and slowly, Steve sat up and wrapped his hands around Tony's calves, taking his time to undo the straps and zips of his boots and slide them off, giving his shins a gentle squeeze before lowering his legs back to the bed and leaning over him again. This time his hands framed Tony's neck and he guided them into another slow sweet kiss.
The knocking gets louder. Turns to rapid banging. It almost grates on Tony’s nerves but he’s buzzing with too much nervous energy to show it.
Silently Hank handed it to him and didn’t stop him as he tucked it into his belt. Once it was in place, Steve stood tall and nodded.
“That’s...amazing.” Tony said in a hushed tone as something twisted in his heart. Steve was really lucky to find someone so quickly. And what were the chances it was one of them? Someone he got to be with every day or close to.
“Be alive with me tonight, Steve. Make me howl, puppy.” Tony said, and pulled Steve in for a kiss. Their lips pressed together, soft, plush and warm, and Tony melted into Steve.
“Sam, enough.” Ben said calmly and placed a hand on Sam’s shoulder, as if to give him strength. “We’re not, you know that.”
Before Steve could start his sentence, Maria Hill called out Tony’s name and Tony took it as the sign he needed. With stiff legs, Tony walked past Steve’s brick-like form and began to follow her.
“I’m sorry.” Steve gasps, feeling the air leave his body. He heaves and feels like he’s being ripped apart. “I-I’m sorry-“
“You’re welcome.” Steve murmured and placed a cup in front of him too. It was coffee made exactly the way he liked it. Tony could just die happy.
Then, before Ty can even squeak, Steve pulls Tony close and presses a scorching kiss onto his lips and claims his mouth there and then. When Tony gasps, he takes that as a chance to slip his tongue into his mouth and pulls Tony even closer, until all Tony can taste and feel and smell is Steve.
The stranger always leaves him, abandons him when he needs him most. He loves and hates the stranger-a familiar feeling he’s had before.
“What’s this?” Tony says and picks up the item on the bed and turns to Rogers. It’s a soft blue blanket that smells of a very unique scent. Like apples and vanilla. It should clash with the natural scent of metal and coffee but instead, Tony finds himself drawn to it. He keeps breathing it in.
“Tony is mine.” Rogers says and sounds like he’s gonna choke. “You can’t say things like that. I won’t let you take him from me.”
It would certainly explain why Captain America had come running to his hospital room right after the fight.
“Nothing. You’re certainly smart enough.” Steve murmured, before shaking his head. He went back to the pointing.
"Oh, wow." Tony breathed and panted at the sight. Steve had just torn his suit off him with one hand, leaving him in nothing but the white boots that were made for him. Even the straps had come away.
Swallowing and outwardly shaking now, Steve lifted his hand over Tony and sent the scans. He watched the screen blearily as he waited, feeling sick to his stomach and guilty to his core. He’d kept Tony away and-
Some unknown force seized him. Before he could even think, he was pushing himself up, despite the pain and reaching out.
They knew, Steve thinks, as he feels hands pull him away. He knows Reed is watching. He knows they all are.
“No, I’m fine, I...” The sky was starting to spin a little. Maybe a bit too much for his liking. He probably needed to lie down, drink some water, get those...those bullets seen to...
“Stark? C’mon.” Steve breathed behind him and suddenly the hand in his belt slipped around and waist and tugged him back until he felt the warm heat of Steve’s chest against his back.
“Sorry Winghead, I can’t today! Mr. Stark’s got me on a contract in the Malibu warehouse. I need to go check it out.”
“You tell me.” Steve growled into his ear as he twisted until Tony moaned. “If I don’t own it anymore.”
A sharp pain courses through his body and it’s agonizing. The pain envelops him like fire and attacks from all sides, feeding off his body and stealing his last breaths. It’s so bad he’s forced to bend over.
He knew everyone started to panic then but one of the agents in the middle row started to contact one of the other departments. The others walked faster to their stations and schooled their expression, and all joking and chatter stopped completely.
“Oh please. You’ll always be Captain America. That’s just who you are.” Tony rolled his eyes fondly and shifted on his feet, feeling lighter all of a sudden. “You swoop in with your plan and rescue the poor victim and everyone hails Captain America, the paragon of justice for being a hero. It’s just how it is.”
His words were cut short by the sharp, high-pitched laugh. Zeke didn’t stop for a good minute, and Tony’s heart sank.
Grant’s mind flooded with hope. They looked like him! They stood on two legs and had two hands and made the same motions he did!
He doesn’t look back. He doesn’t want to give the man the satisfaction of seeing how much he’s blinking.
“I know.” Tony says quietly. “I just don’t get why Steve cares so much. Ty, I get, I mean he was obsessed with me until the issue with my heat back in MIT when he...”
“Oh the usual-pass me my robes, excellent.” Waiting for Tony to turn, he got changed and dumped his armor in the corner. “Yes, the usual. His band of fiends came along and tracked our movements again. I suspect they’ve definitely caught onto Whitney’s scent. She’s very distraught, you can understand.”
“Oh?” Tony let his brows rise in concern, widening his eyes just a fraction. “Did something happen?”
“As soon as we’re done here, we’re gonna go out there and finish our damn meal. This is my restaurant and we’ll use it how I say we'll use it.”
“Tony, stay with me!” He vaguely heard and felt his head start to tilt back. Then hands shot out and grabbed him sharply, locking him in a tight grip.
After a moment of quiet, Steve laughed a little and shook his head tiredly. “I can’t believe it but...this is actually the best thing that could’ve happened.”
Shaking his head firmly, Tony folded his arms and took a step back. “That’s a bad idea. I’ve never taken blood from a werewolf and who knows what will happen to you-“
"I didn't realize team-mates were allowed to go through each others things." Tony said warmly and felt the glass screech in his hand. "How about I go raid through your stuff? Or better yet, those blue prints you pretend to do."
Steve gave him a strange look. Of all the things to hear, that hadn’t been on his list. He’d thought Stark was egotistical, and didn’t really care about much.
It was hard to imagine he’d once lived on the Helicarrier as the director. Sometimes he’d think about it and still not come up with a way to picture it.
Steve seemed to pause and Tony mentally pat himself on the back for ending the pointless discussion. Then-
"You were the same during the registration act too." Steve said softly, and looked at him with knowing eyes. He looked exhausted and so worn down, but underneath all that, he just looked at Tony with fondness. Like he wasn't surprised. "I think I'm starting to see why."
It was just a feeling Steve got. It was almost like Iron man had to leave every time Tony Stark came through the door. Steve had barely seen them together and he could only imagine what kind of boss he’d be to keep someone as brave and incredible as Iron man away. He probably had the biggest ego.
He somehow manages to grip the card. With ice-white fingers that tremble, he drops the card in Steve’s hand.
So maybe he’d not really given so much thought to Steve’s reaction. Perhaps he should’ve known Steve would feel this way. Werewolves were possessive and Steve had said mates were special and-
Steve was...unbelievably well built. He’d always been all muscles to Tony but now that he had a clear view of Steve’s eight pack, it was hard to think of anything else. It was shocking, he’d never seen someone so in shape.
“Hey! Glad to see the crews all here! How is everyone?” Tony grinned and waved loosely, waiting patiently for what would hopefully be a good response. He was putting his best foot forward after all.
It was as if time froze for a moment. Ben was just standing there in horror, while Tony was doing his best to stifle the cough that was threatening to come out. It was a stalemate Tony hadn’t really expected.
Curious, Tony headed into the tower, nodding to the receptionist and a few employees. Managing his precious bundle with care, he waited for the thankfully empty lift to descend and maneuvered his way into the lift. The lift began to rise and so did Tony’s nerves.
“How was your mission, my lord?” Tony asked politely, clasping his hands behind his back while he waited for Zeke to turn. His shoulders loosened a fraction when saw the look of delight in Zeke’s eyes.
“Hmmm. That dreaded Captain is the worst. He caught a whiff of Whitney even though I told her not to lurk too much. Now she can’t enter that alleyway for some time. What am I to do?” He threw up his hands and huffed.
“How did you find out?” Tony said quietly, feeling like he’d just stumbled into a bear trap. He felt humiliated beyond belief but at least Steve wasn’t about to start mocking him again. Instead, Steve’s expression had gone pinched.
He remembered turning, seeing the world through the helmet and scanning as best as he could for something he was scared to see. For what he’d find.
Steve chose their location (unknowingly of course) and the elevator started up again. The space between them as they stood beside each other seemed endless.
Pierce waved the apology away with a hand. “Please. I should apologize. I’m guessing you’re not ready to go public?”
“You’re not going anywhere near him.” Steve cut him off sharply and started the engine. “Not in this state. Hell, I’m worried you’ll catch a cold and get sick the way you’re going. You need a bed and sleep. I’m taking you home.”
His cheeks looked pale as a sheet. His eyes seemed dim and somewhat glazed, like he was barely paying attention. His body was thinner than he’d remembered it being and that was despite losing loads of weight when he’d been trapped in the bottle all those years ago.
“Tony talk to me. You’re scaring me.” Steve demanded, taking Tony’s wrist to check his pulse. It was light-feathery. And much too fast.
“So you’re telling me,” Steve began, seeming to get heated all over again. “That I nearly lost you over...over what-“
“Mr. Stark. What brings you here?” She asked in a sickly sweet tone, and looked at him like he was a specimen under the microscope. Her sharp gaze and pouting lips seemed predatory and he had to suppress the shiver that ran down his spine. Still, he didn’t let that stop him.
It’s cold. Its always cold but then again, he’s never been one to complain about the little things. It’s just one of those things that comes with the package deal.
He began to walk in his chosen direction. Focused and determined, he didn’t let up, even when the mist got thicker. The air pressure didn’t change thankfully, but it was becoming harder and harder to see. It was some time before he began to realize where it was coming from.
“You’ve done your research, I’ll grant you.” Zeke said, though he did look a bit unnerved. “It doesn’t change the facts. This is our place. Our area. You savages can’t just turn up and take it like a bunch of thieves.”
“Where’s Steve?” He asked, fidgeting when the medic placed a device in his ear and waited for it to beep.
He'd screwed up somehow. Steve’s eyes were hard stones of sapphire. Gone was the calm, relaxed Avenger and instead, the Captain who annihilated Nazis and sacrificed his life for the country was back. Suddenly Steve looked so frustrated and no amount of him stepping back could change the way Steve was simmering.
!” Tony blinked and turned to see Ben suddenly up on his feet with a frantic, desperate look on his face.
“Well, it wasn’t Captain Crunch if that’s what you’re thinking.” Tony snapped with a scowl. Two could play at that game.
“Which was?” Steve asks dully because what reason could Tony have to do this to him? Was it worth it? Was it even worth it?
Tony scowled but quickly walked in, not bothering to question how Steve even came up with the idea to bring him here. This was his home for crying out loud. Vampires didn’t come to city apartments.
It was cold. Really cold. He should’ve brought a jumper or something at least to fend off the wind and rain.
“I need to find him.” He says urgently and disappears into the crowd. There are too many people and too many distractions. They’re blocking him and it shouldn’t be this hard to find Tony, it has never been this hard-
Tony was taken aside to an area with civilians and sat down on some rubble by the med area Shield had set up. Steve was with him too by an ambulance and helicopter nearby but he could barely register. The world was hazy and he felt like he was drifting. He thought he heard Nat giving instructions in his com to the medics and felt someone slip fingers under his neck and click the manual release for his helmet. It was lifted off and Tony felt the sticky unpleasantness of sweat dampening his forehead and the back of his neck. He shivered and felt the wind brush against his tear stricken cheeks, wondering if maybe he was better of with the helmet back on. This couldn’t be a pretty sight.
Silently, Tony took the glass and drank until his throat burned. Once again, he got the distinct impression they were worried. Still, he didn’t stop until the whole glass was empty.
His fangs came out and sank into the skin, releasing that life-giving blood. He swallowed eagerly, feeling desire course through his entire body from head to toe.
With a soft laugh, the air-hostess left him to it and helped get the Shield escorts settled. It was weird to think he was actually going to be a Shield agent, but he’d make it work. Besides, he’d been Director before so how hard could it be? He didn’t have to make any calls, he just had to build. That, he could do.
"Leave it Carol. Don't bother." He said and suddenly pushed onto his feet and straightened himself up, schooling his expression.
Tony had never felt more shocked. As soon as he left the quarters he couldn’t help but clap a hand over his mouth in awe.
They were out in the open this time. Just the sand beneath their feet and none of the Beyonder’s gimmicks. No fortress or morphing walls or ways for the Beyonder to make a quick escape with Tony. And this time Tony was completely free from any Iron man equipment. He was only wearing a skin tight white body suit and Steve recognized it instantly as a white version of his black under-suit. In the past, Steve had adored the neon lines on Tony’s body, often envisioning a moment where he’d trace them carefully, before ripping the whole thing off and making Tony his. Now the Beyonder had turned that into a mockery too.
“So there’s no weapons at all?” Because that was the biggest concern. Hundreds of Shield agents would be at risk without a Defense system, anyone could see that.
“I think we’ve just started to solve the problems. The main one being your relationship with Captain America.”
As if controlled by some other power, Tony’s legs began to walk towards the noise, feet leaping seamlessly off the edge and gliding onto the next building.
Tony is there, concealed in his black and gold suit as always. It’s clean and polished and gleams in the light. The golden-yellow eyes of the helmet meet him and suddenly he can’t help but let out a sigh of relief.
“Find her yourself Stark. I’m busy.” The woman replied and stormed off before Tony could say another word.
“I can’t.” Tony said coldly, and just like that, Steve knew they weren’t going to get anywhere. Not like this. “I wish you saw it my way. I’m trying to do the right thing here.”
A strange urge to comfort Steve appeared and for once, Tony didn’t stop it. “Well it’s no big deal. We all have our vices.”
Tony shakes his head and tucks his arms around his chest. He doesn’t feel so cold anymore. His body feels heavy but frail as if one wrong step will drag him down. “They w-won’t.”
Giving Tony a smile, he turned away and reached for the door, gently nudging Natasha and Bucky back to give him space. Glancing at Tony and satisfied that he would be okay for a moment, he stepped out and closed the door behind him.
True to his word, Tyler had discussed the possibility of sharing assignments with Ben. Ben had answered by storming over to his lab space and demanding Tony fix the many mistakes he’d clearly made on the blueprints. It took Tony half a minute to realize the blueprints had been tampered with. So that was that and he was back to square one.
“Uhh what are you doing?” Tony asked hesitantly, resisting the urge to bite the hand like a newborn.
“Oh god, oh god am I-no, I can’t be-“ Suddenly Tony slammed both hands on Steve, shoving him back hard and scrambling away only to almost land in the mess. Quick as lightning, Steve’s arm shot out and curled around him, not letting up even when Tony thrashed, clawing and howling at Steve like an animal. It wasn’t his fault, Steve knew, even as he gritted his teeth and pulled him out of the bed.
"Why are you really here Tony?" Carol asked with a pinched expression. "Did he ask you to come here? There's no way Steve would call you here when he knows how everyone feels about-"
“What happened? Are you still hurt? Why are you in this armor? And why the hell are you on another planet?” A sudden burst of anger flooded Steve’s body. “Did you come here on your own!?”
“You’re more than the men I knew. You’re definitely more.” Steve turned to him and sighed. “I was wrong about you. I think you’re the first to make the sacrifice play. Am I wrong?”
Steve whipped around and glared at Tony with enough force to make him step back. Tony let go of Steve like he’d been burned. Steve was livid.
“I’m not sure pet. These are unusual times. But at least you and Whitney will have some time to get along better. She has been desperate for it, I know.” Zeke sighed, ignorant of the way Tony’s heart sped up. If it was possible, he was sure he would’ve gone paler.
“You are not disgusting. I never wanna hear you say that ever again. Do you hear me?” Steve’s voice burned cold, and if it hadn’t been for the way he was being held, Tony would’ve been sure Steve would’ve killed him there and then.
While he was stewing in his thoughts, the lift chimed open and he sauntered into the penthouse, laying the concealed suit flat on the couch. Taking off his blazer and loosening his tie, he dropped them beside it and leaned over his gift to unzip the black bag. As he did, his eyes raked over the sight in awe.
It’s...it’s a lot. When Ty said his piece it had been short and believable. When Rogers spoke, it was like being told a fairy tale. It was too good to be true.
While he waited for her to pick up, he let the piece of paper fall and leaned back in his chair. His eyes felt sore and his feet hurt from standing all week. And that was definitely a headache coming on.
“Thanks for the ride Shellhead!” He cried feeling the wind brushing his face. Sometimes he couldn’t believe he was lucky enough to be able to feel this. Looking down and seeing the whole of Manhattan beneath their feet was like being a million miles above the earth. It was blissful and breathtaking all at once.
"And I'm sorry about the SHRA." Tony gasps and sobs, scrubbing at his eyes hopelessly. "I'm so sorry, I was wrong, I was completely wrong-"
“Sorry pup. Gotta run. But it was fun while it lasted. See you later. Or never.” Tony said quickly and immediately sprinted across the ledge and took a leap of faith.
His face was dead serious as he did but his fingers were warm and familiar. Steve sometimes did that after they'd fought for the remote back at the mansion, or they'd succeeded in a mission and he'd fallen next to Steve, leaning his head on Steve's shoulder. Steve would always reach out for his hair.
Carefully, he slots his hands under Tony shoulders and knees and lifts him up, holding him close as he stands on legs that shake. Tony’s head falls back against his arm. His tears shine brighter under the natural light.
“Thanks.” He said shakily, bringing up his hand to stroke over their rings. “I can’t believe you kept them.”
“I’ve been a useless host.” Steve said firmly, letting his eyes trace Tony carefully. “Here I am, with one of the most amazing people I know, and I haven’t even sat down and talked to them yet. Not properly at least.”
They were silver with a small black star in the center. And coming out of the star were two concentric circles. Very sleek, very subtle and
“I don’t need your money!” Because that would’ve been a cruel joke in itself. Tony Stark asking Steve Rogers for money. Shield for money. That wouldn’t be great even if he was desperate.
“To put it simply, I want you Mr. Stark. Your mind and ability. I don’t need your company but I know it’s on it’s last legs. You’ll need a job soon and seeing as you’re not an Avenger anymore-“
Steve found him, he would likely be the one on the other side of the podium. The one giving the eulogy for a man everyone believed he hated with all his heart.
If you wanna save the art for when you get to those points in the story, use this link to see Lu's art of Tony in the uniform! YOU WILL LOVE IT!
“We’ve got him stable but we think that between the alcohol and his living conditions, his body is struggling to regulate itself. His temperature dropped and rose a few times this week and now he’s running a high fever that’s taking some time to come down. Captain, we need to-“
Tony grunted as a man shoved past him. He shouldn’t have left the car. There was a reason he hated being outside like this.
The tablet began to bend a little in his hand. Steve’s brow was furrowed and somehow he couldn’t help but look at Tony, the omega he considered as his own.
“Have Jarvis give you his vitals.” Clint said and the medics all nodded and spoke rapidly to each other, one grabbing a cool towel and pressing it to the back of his neck. Another pressed fingers to his neck and took his pulse.
“How can I not?” Steve said softly with pure agony in his eyes and sounding like he was almost in pain, and Tony shook his head because he couldn’t listen to this, he
“Worry not. When he’s mine, I’ll make sure to discipline him thoroughly. In my circle, the punishment will be far more firm. I like to keep the young ones on the edge, dancing between that fine line of control and madness. I’ll keep him in line so well, he won’t speak without being told.”
Things had started to go wrong about the time Stane stole his company. The loss of his team, his work and finally his suit had been the last blow. Or rather, that had pushed him to the edge.
His body feels weak and tired. Like he’s been through hours of exercise and not had the chance to rinse off the aches and pains. His nose is bunged up and he almost feels like he’s fighting off the beginnings of a cold. He feels his body shudder and then he coughs and feels his head spin a little.
“You told me you need blood to survive but it doesn’t need to be human. So I was thinking, why don’t you try with me?”
Steve nodded at that. “You shouldn’t ever be pressured. Never feel like anyone can pressure you into anything.”
“This isn’t about your ego. You need to keep things going for the sake of your employees. So what if I tailored my offer to that?”
Natasha held up the plastic bag and opened it to reveal the contents. Carefully, Steve took it and assessed the bottles inside, pulling a few out and giving them a shake. Something lifted from his shoulders then.
He knows what he looks like. He knows that his torn brown pants, filthy looking shirt and ragged green jacket do not exactly show him off as the superhero he used to be.
“I know you did something. I know Tony was okay when I left. You better get out and hope I never see you again otherwise if I find out you caused this, well.” Steve huffs but from what Tony can see, his body is taut as a wire and Ty’s face is pale. “I’ll destroy you. Believe me, I won’t hesitate.”
Bucky snarls and launches himself at him, shoving his arms across his throat and slamming him so hard into the wall, his vision goes black. The desk rattles and pens and sheets scatter. Among them is the letter that Steve wrote-
“It’s not like I wanted it either.” Tony breathed and for once, he was almost quiet as he looked down. “It hurts me too, you know. Like tearing a limb.”
Finally the door opened two minutes later and Steve sat down opposite Tony, looking red-faced and a little unsettled.
"You know how you can make me happy?" Steve said quietly, and Tony glanced at him. "By keeping yourself safe. And looking after yourself. And not putting yourself in danger. It breaks me to see you get hurt. Every time."
“Vampires need blood to survive, you know that. Doesn’t matter which kind I think as long as it’s fresh and the more we get, the stronger we become. You’ve seen my jumps.” Tony waited for him to nod before continuing.
He began to read the specifics and much like everyone else, didn’t find anything that could point to a missed lead. Everything tied up. They’d taken the pieces of these robots and followed digital trails to find the source of manufacture and all routes pointed to this warehouse and recent reports still confirmed that several men and women had been entering and leaving the building. Following the timings, Tony could see that several of these workers should have been in the warehouse at this time and on this day.
He winced internally. That had to have been the worst attempt at making small talk that anyone had ever tried.
He was just helping by holding Tony’s waist. The tailor was wrapping the tape around him while Steve’s hands were keeping him still. It was all fine.
I am ABSOLUTELY BLOWN AWAY BY THE RESPONSE OF THE PREVIOUS CHAPTER! I CANNOT THANK YOU ALL ENOUGH-YOU ARE WONDERFUL!! Your comments really did motivate me and as such, the fic has grown another chapter so thank you all for making me so excited! :DDD
It made sense. That would explain why they had all been so careful with him. Maria had even stopped him from going on missions as Director a few times, now that he thought about it.
Then Tony cleared his throat and addressed the whole room. "Or maybe I should go through all of your things. Maybe wake you all up at five in the morning, or blank you when you greet me? Or better yet, why don't I just tell you what I think of you? Each and every one of you."
He didn't know why he'd gotten so angry. It wasn't like Ben usually got to him, but that had hit harder. The thought of Steve being so quick to cast him aside while he-
“I know. I’m so sorry. I always planned to come back and talk it out. I was just so afraid and when I got those papers, I was terrified.” Steve said, burrowing his head into Tony’s shoulder and somehow, Tony realised he was crying too.
“Yes.” Tony said quietly, trying to ignore the prickling feeling of wandering eyes on his neck. He felt like a mouse being sized up for a meal.
Steve took seconds to reach and wrap his arms around Tony and hold him against his torso, once again massaging Tony’s nape. Tony gasped and shuddered but leaned his forehead against Steve’s navel, choking and sobbing weakly.
As promised, with the help of Pepper, Tony managed to arrange a small gathering for Steve within three weeks. He managed to contact Steve’s new friends from Shield, some old members of the Howling Commandos, and even Maria and Fury. It was a nice group and everyone had brought a few close friends. From the glass balcony up top, Tony watched Jane and Thor approach Bruce and Erik Selvig by the bar. He had to admit, it was fun watching them all look so confused at each other, especially when Thor would talk about some Bilgesnipe from Asgard. He could even see Natasha casting them an amused look in the background.
“I get it. Smile and wave.” Tony said under a tight-lipped smile because this? This hadn’t been what he’d been expecting. He hadn’t expected to be paraded around like Captain America’s partner. Especially not when Steve didn’t really like him.
“Steve...it’s okay. I promise, everything’s okay now.” Tony whispers softly and cups Steve’s cheek gently and it really is the best feeling. Steve’s so warm, even in death and it warms his soul in a way he’s not felt in a long time.
“Steve.” Tony said quickly, holding both hands up and stepping back, bumping against the table as he did. He thought he saw Maria startle and quickly snatch one of the empty wine glasses before it rolled off the edge.
He knew Steve wanted to know what he was thinking but thankfully he didn’t ask. He just frowned and kept watching him as if he was some mysterious parcel he didn’t know he had.
"Neither can you." Steve said, equally firm. "Because it destroys me. You understand? It destroys me to see you hurt. Okay?" Steve met his eyes and Tony had no choice but to concede. He understood. While he couldn't promise, he could try.
“Ah, about us? Plenty.” He smiles coyly and drops down onto the couch with barely contained glee. “Just you wait.”
His many eyes scanned Tony closely, darting back and forth between Tony's face and the bed. “I’m glad you’re alright. I wasn’t sure you were gonna make it. Was a pretty close call.”
Steve stopped and took a deep breath. Tony’s heart raced but not with fear. It was something else he couldn’t explain.
"So you mean I watched those videos for nothing?" Steve scowled and that was it. Tony burst into laughter, he couldn't help it.
It had all started when he was six years old. His mother had pulled him aside from his circuits and had placed him on her lap with a gentle smile.
That quickly pulled him out of his stupor. His heart began to pound. “No, it’s okay, don’t-“ But Fury was gone before Tony could stop him. He sighed and glanced at Maria. She seemed to just stare at him.
The pattern of events continued. Steve would lead the team. They’d win. He’d spend time with Iron man. Eat, sleep, repeat.
Silently, he swallowed and pulled the draw strings tight on his bag. Then, mute as always, he swung it onto his back and looped his arms through, testing the hold until he was satisfied.
“Anthony, forgive me. I know you were caught by surprise. If only I’d had time to warn you.” Zeke explained tiredly, as if he hadn’t spoken to Tiberius Stone for weeks and they weren't talking about signing Tony's life away.
Curious, Tony tilted his head, letting his lips curve into a smile. He was pretty sure he'd do a back-flip if Steve asked.
No one moved. The group of twenty agents just stared at him like he was a complete stranger who’d managed to break in. The air felt thick with tension.
With the other hand, Ty then reaches for his belly. Steve closes a hand around Ty’s wrist before he does.
Quick as lightening, Steve yanked the injector out of his belt and clicked it. The needle was ready as it had always been.
“Hey sweetheart.” Tony heard someone say and suddenly a fourth person joined their little gang. And when Tony saw who he was, he started to smirk.
"Come to bed. You need to sleep." Steve murmurs softly and when Tony feels himself being guided to the bed, he doesn't resist. He feels too empty, like his insides have been scraped raw. There's too much for even him to process however when he's made to lie down, and sees Steve stripping down to his boxers and stepping towards him, it hits him then.
The giant robot was making a loud screeching noise and was waving its steel claws in the air, trying to deal with the source of its problem. Luckily Steve was completely out of its way.
“Hey.” The blond man said softly, pulling his hand back a little. His eyes shone as he looked him over. “I’m not going to hurt you. Do you-do you remember me?”
“I’ve got a whole bunk bed to myself?” Tony said dryly and did his best not to grit his teeth when Ben smirked.
“The father...I’s Steve...” He slurs and notices all speaking stop. The voices are directed at him now.
“We’re approaching the base.” There was a pause and Tony opened his eyes and watched the red dot move. “No trouble yet.”
The burn started to spread to his ears. Slowly he let the arm go and felt his eyes linger over the links again. He was drawn to them like a magnet.
Fury cleared his throat and shrugged. “Can’t say it’s been easy. You’ve always kept me on my feet.” He smirked and gestured to the crowd. “Though I don’t imagine you find it easy yourself. There’s a lot of people in this room.”
“He needs to be assessed. I’ve seen his files before since I treated him for post battle injuries and this isn’t good. The last time this happened, he...”
“Nothing. I don’t know what you’re talking about Tony.” He folded his arms, but smiled a little. Probably because he could see Tony floundering.
Steve may have died. But Tony feels dead inside. Maybe that’s wrong but it’s the closest thing to real he can feel right now.
“Friends, the air is indeed breathable. Captain Danvers has already gone ahead to retrieve scans. We suggest one enhanced Avenger join us in the search so as to ensure we can bring them back, should the air change.” Thor said and eyed Steve carefully.
Carefully, he slides out of his bed and walks towards the door. A quick glance at the neon blue holo-clock on the wall shows it’s four am and that no one should be up. It’d be reasonable to leave it closed. Still, he gets up an opens it, not sure why.
“Right.” He said quietly and as soon as Steve started to walk, Tony followed him silently, feeling like the evening had already gone to shit. Well what did it matter?
Steve was seated behind it, currently writing something down on one of the pieces of paper with quick movements of his pen. From here, Tony could see the highlights of his blond hair since his head was bent down a little, and could just about make out the finer angle of his clean-shaven jaw. His arm muscles contracted every so often with each new sentence of the pen, and Tony couldn’t help but think back to how strong had always seemed. Tony wasn’t short or small by any means, but Steve had always seemed bigger and stronger, in a way that had always made him feel safe.
“I finally realized something. What I actually want in life. You know it’s crazy, but I think I understand what people mean when they say life isn’t fair.” Tony knew he was rambling. He didn’t care.
“Thank you all for coming! I want to invite you all now to come eat, dance and enjoy. Thank you all for attending the evening!” President Ford said. The room gave their applause, signalling the end of the speech. Tony was sad to feel Steve’s hand pull away. But that was that.
It’s too much. He keeps getting distracted from all the younger Avengers and it's disappointing them. Carol finally steps in and pulls him aside.
“What’re you thinking about?” Steve whispered lightly in his ear and Tony had to swallow because since
“You’re mine, Shellhead. What makes you think you can-“ Steve bites his tongue and looks away. His eyes burn with the threat of unshed tears and he doesn’t dare say more. He’s gonna have it out with Tony. He has to because this, not to mention this self-destructive play, is a serious concern and he won't have it. What kind of self-esteem does Tony have for him to be able to throw his own life away, or forget that-
He would’ve gone to breakfast too but his sleeping wasn’t really going so well either. He was struggling to sleep a lot and didn’t always wake up in the morning. Currently he was averaging about two and a half hours a night.
“I’ve found him, I’ve found Tony!” He wheezed, feeling his hands shake as he wafted the mist away. Slowly, the Ironman armor was revealed to him, completely sprawled one the ground, with parts of the chest and leg plates torn and areas covered in blood.
It was never their bodies that were used. Thankfully, unlike other vampire factions, theirs did not include the element of physical claiming beyond the bites. Other than the claiming bite on every members’ neck, they had not been forced into anything physically and Tony always felt thankful for it. The lack of control over their cravings were enough to deal with without the attempt to cow starved vampires in bed. A wild vampire could be untameable and unstoppable without the claiming bite.
Some time passed before Tony registered the man lying them both down and pulling Tony close. Too soon, hands tugged his hair gently.
They’d both come home better for it and Tony had felt a new level of comfort around Steve. It was like Steve understood him in a way that others didn’t. Had a similar view of the world even if his response was different. To Tony, Steve was safe.
Tony twisted the taps and cupped his hands under the icy water, bringing them up to splash his face in the sink.
Tony’s heart sinks completely as the realization sets in. The disease causes all sorts of problems but no one knew it could cause internal damage like this. Maybe it grew and adapted, much like they did. He can already feel his skin starting to itch and he knows what is happening. Either way, there isn’t much time left.
A weird feeling of warmth swept over him at the touch. Almost instantly, he felt his mind start to go fuzzy and his body start to sway.
“I don’t know what any of you are talking about.” Tony snarked, looking down at his cuff links again. Under the light of the ballroom, they looked even more prominent.
“I...” Tony bit his lip and looked at his hand like he’d only just realized. Then slowly he lowered his hand and turned towards Steve. His eyes were wide and so dark, the blue was almost gone.
“You’re right. It’s the arc reactor.” Tony nods and doesn’t miss the way Rogers looks smug and Ty glares.
“YOU ARE MINE! HOW DARE YOU THINK I DON’T WANT YOU!?” Steve all but screamed in his face and Tony jerked back in shock.
The sound of the chair screeching behind him made him stop, and he wasn't surprised when Steve called him back.
“Well it doesn't matter I should think.” Reed says and it’s almost a breath. “I’m sure he’ll be thrilled to know you don’t care.”
“My lord.” Whitney agreed quietly, lowering her shrill voice significantly. “I can still help you out there. Let me help you,
Biting his tongue, he tightened his grip on the folders and made his way over as discretely as he could. Ten minutes later, he found himself frozen in front of the door.
They were walking along the quiet streets slowly, not too far from Steve’s apartment. It had just gone past midnight when Tony heard the sound of crunching metal and several hisses. The sounds got louder.
The red eyes sharpened. “Many things. So many things but Anthony-“ She slid into the room seamlessly and reached him with ease, brushing a lock of hair out of his eyes. She tucked it behind his ear and tilted her head.
“As if my omega wants anything from you.” Ty rolls his eyes and waits for Tony to go first. Soon enough they reach his bedroom and Tony lets them in.
Only then he pulled back with a soft gasp and took a deep breath. Tony struggled to gather his thoughts while Steve looked at him and shook his head.
“Right.” He breathed, feeling his mind recenter once again. Then he blinked and looked properly this time.
Just on his right was the bakery that he would often grab goods from. It was closed of course, since no bakery like this would be open at eleven at night. But on certain mornings, he’d collect his order and leave the biggest tip. And it would always be the same; a sesame bagel and plain one for himself. Once upon a time it had been part of his day to day but now it was just a part of the past. Something that felt wrong to look at.
Steve blew out a breath and nodded, not turning his head to meet Tony’s eye but still choosing to reply. “Yes. How was it?”
"I..." Tony swallows and looks at the floor in a daze. It can't be real but there's so much not adding up and-
“Please! Please! Don’t, I have a wife and two kids!” The man cried, tears and snot dripping down his cheeks. He sniffed and tried to pull away again but Tony had him immobilized.
“You do. And they look great. But I have certain requirements and I’d rather you go for your fitting. I’ve told them what I need.”
“I’m leaving.” John added uselessly and held up a hand and stuck his thumb towards the entrance. “Before we all get kicked out. You coming Steve?”
The effect was immediate. He let go of Tony like he’d been burned and Tony instantly jumped back, putting a good few feet between them. The werewolf didn’t seem done though, preparing to jump as well.
“Tony...you remember our promise?” Steve said in a hushed tone and everything around them became background noise as Tony listened. The rush of the crowd seemed to fade and all he could see was Steve’s huge blue eyes.
“Stark, are you alright?” Fury said behind him and Tony felt the hands on his arms tighten a fraction.
“I know why you’re going, I know it’s got something to do with that robot attack. It’s a fight you’re heading to. I want in.”
“You’re trying to hurt me.” Steve said flatly, his eyes turning cold like flint. He leveled Tony with a harsh glare and grit his teeth.
They go silent after that. Somewhere deep down, Tony really begins to wonder if it’s possible after all.
His cock was hard and heavy by the time Steve pulled away. His head spun a little from the firm line of heat coming from where Steve's body was pressing against his.
“We already ate.” Sam said and rolled his eyes like he was being forced to bear witness to Tony’s growing agitation.
Tony didn’t let him. He carried on to the labs and tried not to walk into any other agents, just in case.
He told us alllll about this new vampire he’d met, and how perfect his eyes were and how sharp his jaw line was, and how great he smelled-“
It didn’t go down well. The woman who’d said it just scoffed and gestured as if to say ‘look’ and the rest of the crowd tutted like a flock of crows. It was ridiculous and unbelievably petty and yet, he still felt unsurprised somehow. Maybe because it always ended up this way-it was always gonna happen sooner or later.
“Try again. I’ve got a firm hold this time.” Steve said with clarity and that Captain edge of his and Tony felt the vibrations of his voice in his chest. It was massively distracting and made his breath hitch with the brush of the tape. Steve’s touch was completely different now. It had a slightly stronger feel now, like he was trying to cover him or-
.” Tony breathed, looking more relieved than Steve had ever seen him. He scrubbed at his eyes with one hand and kept an iron grip on the bag. His own little ticket to freedom.
When he'd gotten home, there was nothing on his body. No marks, no last traces, not even a whisper of what had once been. Only the deep scars from the arc reactor and the memory of fire and Yinsen’s last words.
“Provided we find him.” Natasha added bluntly, giving him a knowing look. Steve glared straight back at her.
“Of course. I have a life to live don’t I? Not everything’s about you, pup.” Tony mocked, as if Steve was the idiot here for believing that there was any future with Tony.
Obie had pushed him to go on, but it hadn’t been without consequences. The loss of his parents and the burden of being a CEO at such a young age had been too much for him to bear. He’d slept with anyone and everyone in a desperate bid for comfort. Any chance to find even one of the people who had a matching mark was worth the risk.
“We have hand held weapons. Guns, laser-based and explosives. But right now that’s all we’ve got. And the Avengers team off course.”
A man emerged from behind it and stepped forward. His shoes clicked against the floor as he stepped forward.
“We were all worried about you. And we couldn’t let you die. I couldn’t let you die.” Steve’s voice was low and quiet and pulling at him like a puppet being pulled by strings. He desperately wanted to believe it but at the same time-
“Sure.” Tony smiled shakily, feeling his hands twitch with nervous energy. He licked his lips and tried not to knock over the wine glasses as he was pulled up by Steve. Together they stood, hand in hand.
Steve had been such a huge part of that. The team had often joked that they were the parents and it was true. The Avengers has been their baby. It had been everything and it hurt to finally let that go.
With a smile, Tyler clapped a hand on his shoulder and nodded. “Excellent. That’s the spirit Stark.”
“There’s injuries. Signs of...” Strange eyed Steve carefully before speaking. “Long term abuse. And that mind control...he’ll need help to recover.”
A being emerged from behind the blue ship and began to climb onto the hood. They seemed to stand tall and outstretched and raised their hand to cover their eyes as they looked in his direction-
“Sorry if I find it hard to believe that me and you got together again after what happened Ty.” Tony says and then quickly adds; “Same with me and you Cap.”
He thinks, and slowly blinks his eyes open. The sluggish feeling starts to recede, leaving him faintly aware of someone gripping his hand tight. And as he starts to clear his eyes, he sees a familiar face staring down at him and blue eyes-so blue, he can’t help but breathe. The doctors are still working below the sheet and he can’t feel anything but a faint tugging sensation but an anesthetist is watching over him and along with him...
“He’s not my boyfriend Sharon.” He said bitterly, feeling his lips curve up into a twisted smile. Oh, it wasn’t that he hadn’t thought about it. It was just that he was tired of seeing their relationship get worse and worse with each catastrophic event that affected the team. Since the SHRA, things had been shambolic and Steve hadn’t even entertained the idea of bringing them together since off course, he’d been assassinated in the process-
It hurts to think about being so close to someone else. Tony doesn’t think it’s possible but as he lies there in the directors suite in the dark with his eyes wide open and bloodshot with fatigue and a misplaced sense of grief (
“Sorry...I’m sorry...” Tony sniffed and Steve, despite the blood loss, stiffened and lifted up a shakey hand to wrap around Tony’s waist. Slowly, he squeezed hard enough for Tony to feel it through the suit.
“The queen is the most powerful piece. It can move in all directions and adapt to all situations. Alone, it is an impenetrable piece but because it’s sole purpose is to guard the king, it often makes the sacrificial play. It was Tony's favorite piece, even though he never said.”
“Well,-“ Steve’s eyes gleamed over his mug. “Guess it’s time for you to let someone else look after you for a change.”
”Yeah we did. We really did.” And Tony knows Steve’s smiling a little and doing that cute thing where he ducks his head down to hide his blush.
“We’ve been called out.” Steve said calmly and folded his arms like an absolute killjoy. “We need to go.”
“Well Mr. Stark! What a pleasure to see you again!” A voice cut in, and both Tony and Steve raised their fists and turned to look back at the robot.
Then he tilted Tony's head ever so slightly upwards and breathed his next words against his lips, feeling him shiver.
It was in the early hours of the morning that Tony regained some semblance of where he was. He didn’t know how much time had passed or whether Zeke had even returned, but he knew for sure that he’d been in and out of consciousness.
The elevator took him up to the main floor. The small screen beside the button also said training area, but Tony didn’t pay much attention to it. He just needed the walk.
“Oh, hey there.” Steve cooes softly and kneels down beside his belly and to Tony’s delight, presses his hands and ear to the baby.
He loved being there. It was the closest thing he had to his old life. And maybe he’d be caught by that werewolf again but at least he’d have something to smile about.
“Nightmares.” Steve agreed and just stood there watching Tony for almost a full minute. He didn’t even seem to blink much.
But he couldn’t. Because it wouldn’t change a damn thing. Steve didn’t deserve to be burdened with that.
They’d been very welcoming since the attack on the top deck. Or at least he was noticing it more. Even Thor seemed to be warming up to him again.
He wondered if Steve had taken some kind of liking to him. Even when Tony stood up and went to do some work, Steve would always jump up and follow. He’d even made himself at home in one of the corners of the lab.
“Yep. Made my bed and everything.” He said sharply, with a smile that could cut glass. He had to show a bit of grit at least, otherwise this wouldn’t stop.
Something shifted in him then. Hearing Nat say it, changed something. His mind gained clarity and suddenly he knew what he wanted. The feelings he’d kept hidden away were doing no favours. They’d tried the diplomatic route once. It hadn’t worked.
“I’ve loved you for years. You heard that asshole tell his story but now it’s time for mine. You and I fought in New York together. We lived together for two years with the rest of the team visiting on and off. Last year I asked you if you would do me the honor of letting me court you as my promised omega and you said yes. Months ago we shared your first heat and you said you wanted us to bond. We also started trying for a baby because we both agreed we wanted to together. You’re pregnant now and we’re going to have a family. It was all planned and-“
But he was close. The place turned out to be an empty gas station with some middle-aged man sleeping by the front desk in the shop.
She was a resident. Surprising considering Tony had yet to meet one and it had been weeks of not seeing any. Still, no time like the present he thought and stretched his limbs out once again.
Ben scrolled through the tablet and tutted loudly, making Tony want to punch him for being a complete dick. Tony clenched his fists and kept them still. It wouldn't do to start beating up the research department.
Tony has never wanted to show his hands but he has never had a permanent partner in front of Steve either. He hovered around Steve initially and kept asking about his past before the ice. Steve had been too blind to see it but half of those questions-hell, half of those
The night was young. It took quite some time before Tony gained his first victims. A female, slow and shaky in her gait, took several steps into the alley, almost toppling with the plastic bags she was carrying. He smelt greens-vegetables, and turned around to see there was actually a door tucked away in the back of this alley. A back entrance.
“Tony’s been through enough. We’re not putting him at more risk by testing who the father is. I’m not risking him. Sorry, I should’ve said earlier before that alpha called you over, doctor.” Rogers says calmly but doesn’t take his eyes off Tony, not even for a second. Tony fights not to look away.
Steve gives him a weary glance before sighing and shaking his head. Strands of blond fall and Tony desperately wants to touch them, and feel him closer. He knows it’s what he’s missed most of all.
“You’re Ironman. A symbol. Granted it’s a dying symbol but I feel we can still make use of that. Why, I even think we could-“
“Then you know how I feel.” Steve said firmly and they reached a stalemate. Tony still felt like he’d taken advantage of him, even if he didn’t know it.
“Thank you. I decided not to go for my army uniform in the end. I feel this is a bit more...subtle.” Steve said lightly, lips twitching as he stepped forward and suddenly he was bathed in the bright light of Tony’s living room.
It was the same features he had once had, after all. What he had been chosen for. Ezekiel had a type.
"Access granted." Steve said clearly and let Tony's hand go. The panel flashed green and Tony glanced at Steve.
“So I was thinking...” Steve’s voice seemed to halt completely and for a second, Tony wondered if the phone had cut off. But then he continued.
Tony’s heart soared and equally, it ached. He already missed having that gaze directed at him, not to mention this new nickname.
“Don’t play this game with me. He’ll be fine on his own.” Rogers looks at Tony and raises his brow. “Won’t you, Tony?”
“Sure. Just bring him back in one piece. That’s Ironman, remember.” It almost sounded like a warning. But still, Fury nodded and Pierce returned the gesture with an honest smile.
Quietly, he swung his briefcase onto the lower bunk bed and clicked the locks open. As he began to pull his things out, he wondered if everyone thought the same.
Norman Osborn was one of the few vampires who could actually dispute Zeke. He had the greatest self control out of all the family members and could easily hold his own in a fight. Said to have been married and with a son many years ago, Tony had once overheard Whitney spill that his wife and child left him when he voluntarily chose to become a vampire. Tony couldn’t even imagine it. Norman was many things, but a fanatic? Surely not.
“Boring. Long. Hard to stay focused when I know my omega can’t remember me.” Ty links his fingers and stretches them over his head. “Though I can’t say that’s a bad thing. You and I would be fighting right now otherwise.”
“The doors’ there.” Tony said instead, jerking a thumb at the glass door behind him. “I can leave if you prefer. Just say the word.”
Just then, a loud noise blared over the desert, sending Grant tumbling to the ground in pain. The ear-splitting screech didn’t stop, even when his vision doubled from the pain. Tears began to gather in the corners of his eyes as the reality dawned.
“Dance.” Steve pulled back to allow one of the waiters to place a plate in front of them. “You and me.”
Despite himself, Steve sucks in a breath. Maybe he hadn’t realized it before, but hearing that suddenly gives him a certain hope. And he hates it.
(That had hurt so much. He’d cried out so much from the sting of his injuries. He’d so desperately wanted someone with him-)
The next morning, he skipped breakfast with the others and left Avengers tower to meet with Fury. He’d demanded a meeting and surprisingly, Fury had held a free slot for him. Almost like he expected Tony to turn up.
“Do you...do you wanna hold him?” Tony says hopefully and is delighted when Steve nods, just as eager and wipes away his tears before coming around them with his arms out.
“No can do Hill. I’ve got better things to do than run around because some government organisation wants to kick me around.”
“Reed!” A voice calls from the entrance, and both Steve and Reed snap their heads towards the newcomer. It’s Strange, again.
“Yes.” Tony sighed, looking down at the ball in his hand. He could crush it if he wanted to. He was strong enough to now.
Bringing his shaking hands up to rub his arms, he jerked his head in the direction of the exit. It took two seconds for him to decide. If he stayed here, he’d die, simple as that. Out there it was just as likely but there was a chance. He had to make a break for it.
“Stop it!” Tony shouts, feeling his panic rise as the air grows tense with the harsh punishing scent of alphas in rage. They are nose-to-nose, barely containing growls in each other’s faces. It’s everything Tony has ever dreamed off but at the same time, terrifies him to his core.
“How long has this been here?” Steve said quietly, cradling his hand carefully to inspect the rash. Tony didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at that.
A part of him longed to say something more. And just offer a soft touch to Steve’s shoulder, and maybe just ask him what was wrong. In another universe where Steve and him were close, maybe he’d even pull him aside to ask what he could do to help, like a friend would.
“It sounds like we’re quite a pair, huh?” Tony yawns and smiles as he blinks sleepily. Opposite him, Steve smiles back, looking equally dopey with happiness.
"Well that seems kind of ironic. There's a joke in there somewhere." Tony mumbled but didn't argue. The excitement of the day was starting to catch up to him and the bed was looking very tempting.
“Anyway I’ll leave you to it. You’ve got your rounds to make and I need to see what’s taking the police so long. I’ll see you around.”
The door slid open and they made their way to Tony’s bedroom. As soon as they were in and Jarvis turned on the lights, Steve folded his arms and nodded.
Tony should’ve expected it, but somehow out of everything he’d heard so far, that had been the worst blow. Steve probably thought the same. The team probably did too.
His throat feels like it’s burning now, but it isn’t the whiskey. It’s not the slaps across his face or the feel of Sunset pressing his body into the mattress or the feeling of his body being torn apart by the shrapnel. It isn’t from hearing his father tell him Stark men are made of iron or that he was never going to be loved by Captain America and that having a faggot and a liar for a son was his own personal hell. It isn’t from the world repeatedly reminding him that Captain America, that
Steve stood up from his seat and left. Tony didn’t dare shift his gaze and follow him. Instead, a shaky tremor ran through his spine as he hunched forward to hide his frantic smile as the roar in his ears grew.
Tony gave him a brittle smile that didn’t even feel real. “I don’t mind Steve, really. If you need me to do something else, I don’t mind, I promise.”
He closed his eyes and sent a final apology to Steve, somehow feeling like a part of him deserved this.
When Tony looked back up, he noticed Steve staring at him carefully. He was leaned over the table and resting his chin over his joint hands, but his eyes were solely fixed on Tony.
“My lord? What’s...” By mistake, Tony stepped on something that caught his eye. Then he bent down and picked it up.
“Son of the late Obadiah Stane.” Steve added and turned his nose up a little. “You’re smaller than I expected. I’m surprised you’re actually the one who owns the claims.”
In the back of his mind, Tony couldn’t stop the wave of emotions he was feeling at the thought of Steve wanting him like this. No one had ever made him feel so much.
He wasn’t wearing clothes so he could see everything. And he’d found nothing in bed. But in this light, patches of his body were a slight shade of pink-a stark contrast to his ghost white complexion. When he stared into the reflection, his fingers slowly unraveled from his bite.
“Ah-ha! You just don’t want to be caught out as the liar you are! Shame on you, how do you think the world will react to Captain America stealing Ironman’s baby?”
“No my lord. I live to serve.” Tony said, but it came out monotone. His face fell to the same blank expression he always kept these days. The face of a soul-less man. What was the need to feel anymore? He was a pet and nothing more.
“Rogers asked me to bring you. He asked me to put your name down. And I warned him that you and politicians aren’t best friends but he insisted.”
“Oh don’t worry about me.” Steve waved him off confidently. “I’ve spoken to a few friends. I can take anything you dish out to me. But I wanna help you.”
He looks good, Tony thought, almost miserably as he gleaned the navy blue uniform Steve had donned for his new position. It reminded Tony of the Captain America uniform everyone knew but this one seemed almost...colder in comparison. Formal and full of secrets with nothing else to it.
Steve had once said Tony Stark was too difficult to approach. Once, back when he’d been Ironman and no one had known who he was, Steve had mentioned it to Ironman in passing.
Steve paused a few feet before the well lit path of the main street. “What’re your vices Tony?” He asked, giving Tony time to catch up.
Steve let out a raw sound and pulled Tony’s head gently into his arms, feeling his body begin to shake. In his lap, Tony’s head lolled and rested, almost at peace with whatever it was that had happened.
It was made so much worse by the fact that he didn’t remember. Sometimes he hated himself for doing it. But other times he pictured the team splintering because of his actions, and images of Steve on the steps of the court with his hands cuffed just seconds before the bullet was-
"I didn't think I had a chance. Now we're here and you-" Tony laughed again and didn't stop Steve from wiping his cheeks gently. "You want this with me. It's just a lot to take in."
But today isn’t the day to ask about it. He knows they’re not seeing each other due to the monitoring so it’s not a concern right now.
“I don’t remember any of it.” Tony says and shuts his eyes to fight off the tears of frustration. “I’m pregnant and...”
Steve pulled him down by his neck and kissed him. His mouth pressed against his desperately like he was searching for something. Comfort?
Tony opened his eyes and sighed. There wasn’t much point in lying now, and nothing good would come out of this. He nodded mutely and fixed his gaze on the floor.
“Captain Rogers! I’m so glad you could make it.” Alexander Pierce, the newly appointed Secretary of Defense suddenly greeted them, making his way forward through the crowd to clap a hand on Steve’s shoulder. Steve smiled broadly and puffed his chest.
Because it’s the truth. It’s perhaps the one truth he really knows. He’s loved Steve right from the start. He’s always loved being a part of Steve’s life-
Tony watched the man he had known for decades struggle to pull himself together. It was...humbling to say the least.
Tony couldn't say no. So they spent the day together, going first to Steve's office to talk about just a few things and discuss some of the info they'd gotten from the robot attack, and then carried on that talk on the way to the cafeteria. It took Tony a moment to realize Steve was actually going to spend lunch with him. Just the two of them.
Tony looked Dugan in the eye and smiled tightly. “I don’t know about radars and all. But I know Steve is special. I guess that’s why he’s on my radar.”
Standing beside Steve, Tony’s chest was throbbing in a harsh rhythm. Like his heart was trying to beat out of his chest and lava was flowing down his body. It would’ve freaked him out if it hadn’t been for the way his body was dulled.
Maybe Fury saw his expression and ignored it. Or maybe he just didn’t realize since he was an excellent actor. Sometimes Tony hated himself.
The room sours with tension. Alpha rage pheromones twist the air and coil unpleasantly. Instinctively, Tony presses his cheek against Roger’s abdomen harder.
“Werewolves always turn on a full moon, as you’re aware I’m sure. But generally they don’t turn otherwise except for when things get heated. Adrenaline needs to run high to push for a morph.”
Instead of answering, Reed blinks and turns back round. He continues to tinker like nothing’s changed and yet, everything’s changed.
Tony almost felt sorry for her. But then he doubled over in agony himself, gripping his stomach tightly.
Crouching down once more, he prepared to leap onto the next building when suddenly he heard sirens. Not the creature kind, but the sound of police.
it was a long time ago, but thoughts like that were what made Tony worry a little. It made his fingers itch for a drink afterwards, after all-
“Stark, what did he say to you?” Fury tried but Tony didn’t really want to say much. He just stared at the table decor. The lights that gleamed and dance a little around the center.
Looking absolutely exhausted, Steve falls back into the chair beside his bed and drops his head into his hands. Stunned, Tony can’t do anything but stare.
The minute she locked her arm around him and pulled his head back, exposing his neck, he knew it was over. Once the bite set in, he’d be bonded for life.
"He asked me to work for Shield." He explained and glanced down at his uniform. It looked a little loose on him now, but maybe that was his imagination. "What are you doing here?"
“I got delayed. It won’t happen again.” His voice came out monotone and Norman’s eyes narrowed. To Tony’s surprise, he leaned forward and sniffed a little. Suddenly his eyes went wide.
“I know.” Tony said quietly, keeping his eyes fixed on the door behind the doctor. “But it’s all I can do.”
Tony couldn’t stop staring at Steve. He was sure he looked like a deer in headlights but he was beginning to seriously wonder if...
“You aren’t special anymore Stark. Welcome to your new home. Time to wake up.” He called out and left, leaving Tony on his own in the huge room with nothing but the beds and the window.
Steve nodded and leaned back, arms folded. “Yeah. I did. It was fine, just very draining. How was yours?”
“You see, Mr. Stone. Tony is phenomenal. He can do anything and he certainly doesn’t need me or anyone to help him with anything he does. But that doesn’t mean I don’t want to help him.” Steve says quietly but when Tony looks up, he notices the terrifying storm in Steve’s eyes. The room is beginning to drown in the scent of rage that is threatening to boil over.
Then Steve turned his head and looked at him, making eye contact. For a moment, Tony was taken back to a time where they would stand side by side and Steve would clap his shoulder and lean forward until they were sharing the same space and-
Throwing one last look at the dark alley, Tony nodded once and stepped out with Steve onto the street.
It’s an unspoken rule that Tony is basically gonna have to chose which alpha he’s with. When the baby’s born, he’s going to need to make the choice, whether he remembers or not.
Tony lives a half life here on the Helicarrier. It’s dark and dreary and lonely in a way he hadn’t imagined. He’d always been on a separate plane to others but now he feels even further from reality than before. Before, he was disliked. Now he is hated.
“I need you to go out tonight for the claims. It’s the last time I’ll ask you, but Ty needs to discuss things with me and I know you know the routes. Do this last thing for me pet and I’ll bless your bond happily.”
The withdrawal is intense. He can’t seem to get even a hint of a cent and his body is sinking deeper and deeper into a spiral as a result.
“God, Tony.” Steve whispers, not letting go of his hand. “Your lips were blue. You were so cold and I-I thought you were...”
His mind went blank when Steve instantly reached out and pressed a hand to his cheek gently. His mouth clamped shut and his whole body froze in shock.
He used to invent with these hands. He once carried the weight of the world with these hands. Once stood with giants-heroes beyond belief.
The bartender watched their interaction and began to fix up a second round. At Pierce’s insistence, Tony finished his first drink and allowed the glass to be swapped out for a full one. Two cubes and the perfect mix.
Instantly Tony's back straightened, all earlier jokes gone. It was one thing to talk to Steve. It was another thing entirely to follow him somewhere unknown.
Steve looked awfully pale on the gurney and was watching with his lids half-way. Frankly it was amazing that he was still awake.
He’s on the floor. Someone’s shouting his name and pressing fingers to his neck. Another hand is hovering over his nose and mouth and as he breathes and starts to cough, he hears a sigh of relief.
The words run through Tony like a lightning strike. For a moment, just a fraction of a moment, Tony’s mind soars with hope. It's a funny thing about the human mind. Sometimes the right moment, the right person, the right time and some carefully chosen words are enough.
The earlier encounter with the science department didn’t sit well with him. Since that blatant rejection of his invite, he’d kept his distance, heading straight to his corner to tap away at one of his tablets, but he’d kept playing it back in his mind.
“And you didn’t contact me you know. I only got a voice mail and that was it. What’d you expect? I’m good but I’m not psychic.”
Tony’s eyes are open but lifeless. His hair is covered in dried blood, almost as if someone had smashed his head in. His face is ice-white, but there’s dried blood that draws a clear line down his face from the head injury. It’s almost like someone took a paintbrush and painted a thick stripe down his cheek.
He’s in the mansion. It’s broken and hollowed out and still feels like a home. He’s alone and stepping around the broken floorboards carefully, looking closely for his things, mainly the pictures are what he wants. But more importantly, he just wants to feel a sense of home before he dies. Something to help him find the strength.
Slowly, he turned on his feet and approached the five shield escorts who were busy mumbling between themselves. It seemed like they’d forgotten about him, when obviously they hadn’t.
The robotic sound was on repeat and Tony quickly realized this was not a drill. Something had happened.
“Tony.” Steve said quietly, staring at him with eyes that trapped him where he sat. Steve was somehow in front of him now and had slowly gotten to his knees in front of Tony.
Fingertips brushed his. Tony sucked in a sharp breath and snapped his gaze up at Steve, meeting determined, but fearful blue eyes.
Slowly they began to move onto smaller topics. Nothing big or too deep but just work questions and thoughts about the evening. Throughout, Tony tried not to be too conscious of the glances from everyone on the table. They all looked smug, even Maria!
Not surprised, she nodded and turned back to helping Hank. Steve watched, unblinking as Hank took three pieces of a metallic syringe and twisted them together to lock them into a single unit.
“Well.” Tony cleared his throat and looked back down. He didn’t really know what to say. “I guess if you think that’s best then sure. Whatever you want.”
He wasn’t okay. Not completely. Without the distraction of other marks, the bite on his neck really stung, particularly when he moved his head a certain way. It made him worry, especially with his enhanced healing. He shouldn’t have been able to even notice by this point.
“One of the suits I saw. It was maroon. I almost went for it but-“ Steve gestured at Tony’s body. “This was better. Different on you.”
Fear was powerful. It pushed him to move faster and go further beyond his limits. His body pounded in time with his blood and his ears roared, screaming at him to stop and rest.
“Better. Missed you though.” Tony mumbled tiredly into his pillow, grunting when Steve turned and flashed him a smile.
The speech continued for some time. President Ford only spoke for about five minutes but the introduction itself had taken a good ten. Tony had paid attention to none of it.
For a moment the room goes quiet in thought. Then Ty tilts his head and smiles. “Your Ironman suit.”
“Aww, you worried about me Hill?” Tony laughed but then steeled his expression. “I know. For once I’m being careful. Actually, scratch that-I’m always careful.”
Reed is watching silently beside T’Challa in the corner. T’Challa’s mask hides everything but Reed’s eyes are blank.
“He would say that. He always said his mate would have the full works. You’re gonna be wearing his clothes for a while until your bond settles.” Peter clicked, crossing his legs carefully. It was strange but the whole picture reminded Tony of a cat lounging. At least Peter seemed more relaxed.
“Oh come now!” Ezekiel laughed and batted at Whitney playfully, though Tony saw no humor in their apparent joke. “Anthony, bring yourself over, let me have a look at you, it’s been a fortnight!”
“You mean when you told me you loved me? That was after I’d sucked you off for the first time. You’d loved it.”
Norman met him at the door. He was leaning casually against the iron grates, as impassive as always. Wordlessly he pushed off and opened it, giving Tony the space to walk in. As soon as he stepped inside, the door slammed shut.
He knew what it was. They all did. It just didn’t make sense to him that he’d been the one Steve had chosen. They despised each other. Well...he didn’t despise Steve but Steve certainly didn’t like him, that much was clear.
He’s always wanted to tell him but has never had the courage, for fear that it would’ve destroyed what they had or worse-
When Steve comes to, he’s hit with several things. The roughness of the ground, the thickness of the air and the cloying stench of death all around him. It doesn’t make any sense, he should be dead, he knows it. He felt it.
No one can replace Captain America but they need to move on somehow. Steve is just facilitating that. Was.
Saturday rolled by and he could safely say things were going well. It was a good morning in the workshop and who needed lunch when he could just order in? Even if Jarvis kept reminding him to take a break.
“Tony.” Steve murmured and then glanced back at him with the softest, most raw expression Tony had ever seen on him. Slowly he shifted and made space for Tony to kneel.
“I’m not gonna be attacked Pepper. And even if I was, I’m on the most secure base in the US, surrounded by Avengers with Captain America leading the whole thing. I’m in good hands.”
Zeke barked out a laugh at that. “Oh but you do! You’re good that way. Sometimes I wish Whitney would see things the way you did. My life would be much easier.”
“It’s you I’m interested in, Mr. Stark. You have a lot to offer and I think we can all agree that the only value your company offers, is the name attached to that building.”
Steve glanced at Tony’s hand and met Tony’s eye. Then he swallowed and unlinked his hands. Tony was shocked when he saw them shake slightly.
Whitney laughed; the sound of chimes ringing in a silent mansion. “How quaint. You need to do better. You should always please him.”
Steve lifted his head up from where he’d buried it in his hands. His expression was carefully blank as he answered.
A sneer spread across Tony’s face. “You wanted me for the thrill. Let’s be real, our entire time together was only because you got a rush from that. I bet every moment was fun for you, watching your pet vampire run wild down a few alleys.”
Tony thought, pulling up his wrist to check the time. Seven twenty. Jeremy would be here soon. He wasn’t usually late.
His throat closed before he could speak. It felt wrong to say it and a part of him wanted to disappear through the emergency doors before saying a word about it. How could Fury expect him to actually admit he was...not recommended?
Guiding Tony into the chair he’d vacated, he left him to his own thoughts, wandering into the bathroom to grab a spare set of duvet covers from the closet. Almost clinically, he stripped the bedding and bundled everything up, dropping it into the laundry basket in one go. Then he replaced the covers and made the bed once more. He didn’t look at Tony, hoping it would give the omega a moment to gather his thoughts. Tony was obviously lost in thought, head probably still muzzled from the intense heat and severe lack of food. Steve hadn’t been able to get him to eat at all and now he was kicking himself for it.
So Steve...didn’t dislike him. He wasn’t interested in Sharon, that was for sure. Since the speech, Tony had barely seen her face. She’d kept it downturned and Tony hadn’t seen much of her past the table decor in the centre.
A soft huff left his lips. What would it be like to be admired by someone like Steve? Tony wished he knew.
When he faced Steve, he was met with an expression of complete awe. Steve's deep blue eyes were bright and glistening, and his shoulders were loose and swept back as if he’d been pushed back by some hidden force that had left him loose and relaxed. His lips were curved up ever so slightly, as if partway through smiling, and his whole stance had changed. He looked mystified and deeply pleased all at once.
“You’re not dying. I won’t let you. If you’re worried about your hand, don’t be. You’ve always been prone to heat rash and this place has three suns. And this place has been making me cough since I landed so god knows how you’ve felt since you got here, especially with that bad knock. We’ll do a full check on you once we’re with the others and get you completely sorted.”
“Yes, I know. I wish we could meet under less stressful times.” Zeke said, letting his eyes fall. “These savages know no bounds.”
The door hissed open as the scanner beeped to acknowledge the newcomers. A large group began to file in, similar to schools during recess. Ben and about five others were leading the pack, with the rest being scientists.
"Hey." Steve chuckled wetly, burying his face in Tony's hair. "I think you made up for it either way. That's twice you've taken a hit for me. And that's not counting before."
“Yeah, I figured.” Tony snorted, folding his arms and nearly dropping the juice as it started to slip.
“You...really?” Tony tried, but he couldn’t be as suave as usual. The realization was starting to cement itself.
“I haven’t been fair to you. Maybe I was out of line.” Pierce said quietly and took a swig of the drink he’d somehow managed to keep hold of, and then leaned over to double tap it against the bar. Tony watched him carefully, choosing to keep quiet.
“Oh, h-hey Cap.” Stark sniffed and lifted up his face to show red rimmed eyes and trembling lips. Dried tear stains glinted off his cheeks in the light. “S-sorry, I’ll just go-“
They’d reached the asteroid belt surrounding a dark grey planet. Space rubble and metal seemed to move around the void in a slow circle, obviously caught in the gravitational pull of the planet. The planet itself seemed fairly small, like their moon back near earth, only smaller. And it seemed to have a strange mist about it, coating the surface in a pale hue.
Steve was in full gear again-that perfect cut blue stealth suit that shaped him like an adonis. Then again Steve had never been anything less without the uniform.
“The price was high, wasn’t it?” Reed broke the silence, following his gaze to the glass. Right now, Steve almost feels like he has a friend.
But there are some days where things almost seem...hopeful. That maybe they’ll get by. Maybe they’ll survive the incursions and this will all be a thing in the past.
“Welcome back.” Steve said quietly, looking so relieved, Tony didn’t know what to say. The poor guy looked like he’d been shedding buckets.
“Well sometimes omegas get a little...twitchy when you do things like that. It’s better to keep things like that to a minimum.” Ty hums and uses his straw to stir his drink. “It’s better for you.”
Tony closes his eyes and wishes for the end. His head throbs and he can’t breathe. He doesn’t even try to move or speak as Bucky pushes him harder into the wall.
"I'm pretty sure it is." Tony whispered, feeling his face crumple. "I was the one who killed you. It was me. I might as well have pulled the trigger." He choked out and swallowed heavily and looked at Steve with pleading eyes.
In a strange turn of events, Pierce laughed good-naturedly and took another sip. It was so friendly that it just about hit Tony’s nerves, which didn’t help his mood at all.
Silently, he wondered what Steve thought of that. If he'd be offended if Tony pointed out the similarities.
"How do you expect me to feel, Steve? Ironman can't even handle a couple of Shield agents. What would everyone think?"
He was about to say more but Tony’s eyes rolled back as the pain overtook him again and his scent roared and thickened. When he blinked open his eyes again, they were hazy and weren’t tracking and somehow, the honey scent grew sweeter.
“Are you gonna stay?” Steve hoped he would. More time with him was better. Even if he knew he needed to stop pining so much.
No sooner did he say it did the whole ball pit start to move. It started to shift up and down in waves with multiple chirps being heard.
"Mmhmm." Tony smiled tiredly and pressed a kiss to Steve's lips when he leaned closer. "That w's amazing."
“Tony, it’s nothing to be ashamed of-“ Rogers says quietly but when Tony glares at him, he starts to smile and that-
Feeling almost distant, he forced a smile that splintered at the edges. “What’s that you’ve got? Someone you’re trying to impress?”
“And seeing as we have such fine heroes...” Pierce uncurled the fingers around his glass and pointed in Steve’s direction, ignoring Steve’s frown. “I just don’t see where you might fit into the chain of command.”
“I need to get that drink back to Dugan.” Tony said instead and reached out to grab the glass from Fury. But then he stopped.
“Well maybe he’s changed.” Tony doesn’t know why he’s defending it but he does it anyway. Maybe because Steve is a huge unknown and it’s almost laughable to imagine being Steve’s omega. Maybe because he’s also fed up of Steve fighting so much about the same thing.
“I’m glad you came.” Tony says quietly and steps around the desk. He’s unarmed and has had good practice of making himself as small as possible. It’s not hard when you carry the weight of your burdens. Tony doesn’t feel anything else these days.
He flashed a broad smile and glanced at the children who were watching the scene quietly. “You were only looking out for them.”
“I should. Maybe you should stay here with me from now on.” Steve sighed dreamily but then his gaze sharpened and he frowned. “Actually, that’s not a bad idea.”
“Stark. Hey, Tony, are you with us?” Maria said firmly, shaking his shoulder a little and suddenly, he was back.
"You mean all this time?" Tony looked at him desperately, not sure whether he could dare to hope. "You can't seriously-"
Still, he misses Steve. He misses his voice and his smile and his perfect hair and kind heart and the crinkle around his eyes every time he found something he liked in this century. He’d always enjoyed being the one to introduce him to all those things.
“I thought these were your friends?” He said, watching the young spider-kid wave his hands around frantically at ‘Thor’.
There was something broken when he looked up at Steve. Steve’s eyes were full of sorrow, and a shadow clouded his features.
It took every ounce of Tony’s willpower not to fight. He wanted to destroy the man. Wring his scrawny little neck and blast him with a few carefully placed blasts. It would be fun, and hell maybe even Steve would join in. It could be a bonding exercise.
Tony felt hands grip his arms tightly, and somehow he was dragged out of the hall and being guided through the corridors. Norman. Norman was taking him.
Steve raises a brow and links his fingers together, looking at Reed carefully. Then he drops his hands and leans back in his chair.
"Good." Steve said with a smile and leaned closer. "I can't wait to get to know you, Iron man. The real you."
“The memories are just an excuse Tony!” Steve said incredulously and seemed disbelieving. His eyes were wide and he was almost shaking his head in wonder. “You say that for everything! You haven’t even apologized for the SHRA!”
Ben ruled the roost. The others were obviously all just playing ball to Ben’s tunes, but that still didn’t make it easy for him. He’d have to convince Ben first that he wasn’t what Ben made him out to be. He was a futurist. He made mistakes. He was arrogant. But he wasn’t trying to make them feel any less than him.
Tony choked out a wet laugh at that and shook his head. "You honestly don't know? I don't want to lose you. I can't."
“What?” Even the young brunette that was placing their cutlery down paused and flashed Steve a look of surprise. The waiter looked just as stunned as Tony did but Steve was waiting patiently.
“Mister Stark, I believe we have hundreds of workers on board. I’m sure some of them are capable of smoldering wires or assembling missiles, or even completing the designs. This is a spy base after all.”
Throwing the bed-covers aside, he sent the mountain of clothes tumbling to the floor and stumbled into the en suite.
“Steve...” Carol murmurs and puts a hand on his shoulder. Right. Compassion. Forgiveness. That’s what she expects of him.
“Oh come on Ty! Just tell him what you told me! We all know what you’re thinking, don’t we?” Whitney cooed and joined him in looking Tony up and down.
That and the fact that several civilians had taken pictures of them at each stoplight and Tony had been completely caught out. Each time it happened, Steve would give the citizens a wave and zoom off after. He didn’t really give Tony a chance to let go.
Tony wasn't like that. For starters, people took one look at him and decided what they thought within seconds and it had always been this way. And he didn't blame them, not one bit. After all, Steve was a hero and he was...
The sound that came out of Steve's mouth was almost a growl, and determined, he went for Tony's neck again. With a groan, Tony reached up and sunk his fingers into Steve's hair, tugging sharply when Steve pressed his lips under his jaw.
Steve was beginning to form a theory. Not a concrete one but one that maybe had substance. It was entirely possible he was wrong but-
Ty spends the evening talking about how he’d always wanted kids. And how Tony had always been the one he’d pictured having them with. He tells Tony about their first kiss, years later after MIT. Five months ago when Tony had finished a meeting with him and they’d hit it off right away and fallen in love shortly after. It sounds much like a rom-com more than anything.
He needed to accept it and move on. Maybe find someone who would treat him well enough. Tony didn’t want much. Just a bit of warmth towards him would be enough. Someone who was kind to others and maybe a little bit kind towards him.
