"I'm your partner and your flatmate. I expect more from you without trying to." Sherlock looked up, storing what John had said in his mind palace, and saw the camera Mycroft was operating. From his pocket, he pulled a small device that interrupted the signal, and the picture and sound were cut off.
"Er..." He cleared his throat, trying to ignore the feeling that melted into him with that glance.
Suddenly, Clara's mobile buzzed. It wasn't the email tone, so who would be texting her at this hour? When she heard the tone again, and again, she realized someone was
"I just called you my boyfriend," the other man groaned.
Now whenever Mycroft checked on the two of them, living separate lives, John having forgotten Sherlock, and Sherlock remembering everything, he wondered if he shouldn't have just let Sherlock jump. Yes, he loved his brother, in a sort of way that could be analyzed extensively and controlled, and he believed the world needed Sherlock, but his brother was dead now. His mind worked beautifully, but the person behind his mind was gone. Mycroft didn't know if he could ever get it back. Because John had been ripped from Sherlock in such a way, Sherlock's
Sherlock smirked. "Thirty seconds."
"To see if you need any blankets," John quickly responded.
John nodded. "Sounds good. Until then, I can show you what other things boyfriends do." Sherlock's face went blank. "Have you seen any movies recently?" He shook his head. "Alright, then I can show you my favorites."
Ever the medical officer, John began to examine Sherlock, making him stick out his tongue and running a flashlight back and forth in front of his eyes. "John, this is unnecessary."
"Who did the man take?" John's voice dropped even lower.
? "Do you really mean that?"
John could feel himself blush. "Hey, I'm supposed to be comforting you here. None of this complement business."
Anthea smiled sympathetically. "I promise you can drink as much as you want at this meeting. And I'm sorry."
"We can make her come into ours, darling. Besides, since it's my fault its stature is compromised, I gave you an idea to fix it." John turned Sherlock around in his arms. "Why are you worrying?"
Kate gave her the Stern Stare. "I had to drag your ex-wife into the break room because she was too tired to stand. For the sake of everyone involved, you should do something about her and do something for yourself."
John's face heated up in fury. "Let me get this straight. You hate yourself so much that you were willing to kill yourself to make sure I could survive alone, you egocentric, narcissistic, selfish arsehole!"
"The other person left instructions before he died. I've dealt with him earlier, this has him all over it." He paused. "And we'll beat it out of him. Is there any other way with idiotic criminals?" John full-on grinned at that.
"What are you talking about?" John could hear the note of anger in his voice, and he knew it would get bigger, but he couldn't help it. Moriarty had hurt him and Sherlock and Molly and he
"I wonder if you notice all the good you do. I also wonder if you forgot what I said to you when you 'broke up with me'." Gregory made quotes with his fingers.
Harriet was asleep on the couch, clutching a picture of her and Clara that John had saved from before he went to war. Sherlock gazed at her, wondering how she could be still so in love with someone after years of being without them. And then he answered his own question, wondering how he could have asked it in the first place. She looked unhappy, Sherlock realized. She had that same look on her face that he carried with him the past year.
"Andromeda."
"Maybe something a little stronger," Sherlock grunted.
"Well, I can't let my boyfriend sleep all alone when he's feeling like this." John's smile was warm and comforting, and he wanted it to reach the genius so badly. "Eat, stay, and sleep. I'm pretty sure you don't do any of those things enough."
." John smiled. Sherlock was like a child, a little bit. He didn't know things that most people did, and knew things that most people would never know. A paradox. A very handsome paradox.
John hugged him close. "It's okay. I'm here to help you this time." God, why was John being so nice about this? Sherlock messed up his birthday once, and jumped off a roof before he could set it right. Not that his lovely boyfriend remembered, but Sherlock knew too well.
to make sure John was still there, still holding him, still...still loving him. Where had John gone? Sherlock couldn't swore he was right there...
He felt a weird emotion fill him when Angelo called Sherlock 'our detective'. John wasn't sure if it was the sharing of the genius or the affection that got to him. "Sherlock hasn't eaten since yesterday, and I was thinking I'd surprise him with food."
"I have proof!" Jim said. "I have proof, show him, Kitty!"
Mycroft was always in the background, mostly when Sherlock and John didn't know it, but sometimes when they did, and didn't care. He witnessed and heard many things, most of which ignited his brotherly desire to keep Sherlock safe from the pain he felt when the people he trusted left him. The rest was something hidden very, very deep in his mind palace that he didn't dare name.
, so very special that John wondered how the man could have thought he hadn't wanted that just as much as Sherlock did.
"True enough. It's probably why she's in this predicament." Sherlock ignored John's questioning look. "You see the mail on the table? All the postmarks have been crossed out. She's moved from somewhere else; hasn't even been long enough for the Forward on the letters to have gone. The boxes in the corner have old things in them, badly done photographs with a female that looks exactly like you and her girlfriend. Bottles covering the floor, your sister has been an alcoholic for some time. That necklace has the initials CW on the back of it; Harriet bought it for Clara as a wedding present around...a year and a half ago."
"Whoa there, love. I need to grab my coat." John kissed Sherlock on the cheek before finding his jacket on a hook.
The man shook his head. "Mr. Lestrade isn't a DI anymore. Got demoted after he let someone escape, someone who'd been in the files. The boss was furious."
John thought as he held the other man. "Isn't that better?" he mumbled. "You deserve better than you've been getting."
John's mouth turned down. "They shouldn't be allowed to call you that. You're not a freak."
"John?"
She wiggled her fingers in a goodbye wave of her hand, and went upstairs to the spare room. Harriet had gotten tired of sleeping on the couch, and she told Sherlock privately that she wanted him and John to have their space (at this, she winked, and Sherlock didn't understand that).
"Yes," Sherlock said haughtily, reaching his hand back to continue stirring the sugary mixture. "It's..." Sherlock paused. "It's for Mrs. Hudson's birthday. So, you might attempt to be more quiet."
Sherlock and John gave him the same perplexed look. "What does that mean?" John asked.
"Yes, Sherlock?" There was desperation in both of their voices, and God, did it throw small sticks of dynamite into the wall Mycroft had built around the Sherlock-and-John section of his mind palace. He tried to keep it back, tried to control the destruction.
"Don't forget that," Sherlock whispered, swishing his coat and leaving John behind.
The ride took a long time, and yet not enough time, and the two were dropped off in front of a red restaurant awning. "This is one of my favorite places to eat," Sherlock said, "when I actually feel like eating, which is rare."
John thought.
"Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock," John whispered. Just that sound wound Sherlock's limbs back around John's in the dark. Sherlock burrowed his face into John's chest, pressing his ear down to hear a heartbeat. ThuThump. ThuThump. ThuThump.
When Sherlock woke up after the second time making love, he didn't feel like he needed to run. He didn't need to take a long walk through London to clear his head. His head was clearer than it had ever been. He wrapped his arms tighter around John, and fell back asleep.
John smiled. "That sounds lovely."
"I'm sorry, Greg. So very, very, very much sorry that you need the entire pond to hold all the sorry in."
"Why not? I did break our deal, and I pride myself on keeping my oaths." Sherlock didn't understand, did he? John almost had to smile.
The detective murmured something that sounded like, "Greetings are pointless," but didn't object more than that. His voice was raspy, adding a new layer to his natural baritone. John expected him to want to get up quickly, but he just held John tighter, as if he was almost
and Harry was beyond thinking by this point. Their bodies were getting closer together every second, but it only took a few for their bodies to meet.
Moriarty, before death, or Mycroft.
"Okay." Neither spoke for a few seconds. "We need to get up and give Harry some meds for her hangover."
"Too well. I think I loved them, but in a dream you can't really tell."
Clara glanced at her mobile for a moment, noticing a new text from one of her friends. It said that she wanted to meet at the flat Clara had recently vacated. She wasn't sure why, but it said 12 pm, like when they always met. Clara shrugged and put her phone back into her pocket.
The chair couldn't come quick enough. As soon as Harry sat in it, she could feel her mind drifting away. She almost didn't care whether she had a blanket. "Now, you can stay here until you wake up, or until Tesco closes, whichever comes first," Kate's soft voice was saying, but Harry really didn't give a crap about what she was saying.
"And how the hell do you expect me to get in?" Harry glared daggers at Kate. "Just lay me down with a blanket in your break room. You're the manager, aren't you? You can
John didn't want to entertain that thought for long.
"I don't know many things that do not benefit me, such as the solar system."
"Yes, 'oh'. You told me all sorts of things, mainly that you were sorry and your brother and his boyfriend were doing exactly what we are doing, with the feelings avoidance and things like that. And you...you called me beautiful and amazing and smart about these kinds of feelings." Clara's face reddened, but it felt normal. When she was married to Harry, the brunette called her all sorts of wonderful things and it elicited the same reaction. The thing was that you never got used to being called beautiful.
John curled around Sherlock. He whispered, "I really love you."
Sherlock knew that there was a good chance John would leave him for a while after this. It was one of the reasons he'd formulated the experiment after all, so that he would be free of the hurt his actions caused the doctor that in turn hurt himself. Apparently, that plan had gone up in flames. He tapped his fingers restlessly on the kitchen counter-top, waiting for John to come back. Clara was right, he had to confront John about his perceived observations.
"Sherlock?"
The man merely smiled, a gentle smile that lit his face up, even though John felt it looked slightly odd on him. Something told him that this man was rarely happy enough to do such a thing. "I have something to ask of you."
Harry picked up her phone groaning, "Yeah?" into it. She had just woken up, since it was
"I had to come. It's actually about your dear fiancé."
Sherlock didn't answer, and he walked down the stairs like he was dismissing the statement. John thought this was strange, but followed. The sky was dark, a result of it being winter, even though it was only seven pm. Rain spat from the sky, not much, but enough for John to be glad he brought a warmer jacket. His companion was quiet all through the cab ride, his hands pressed together like he was praying poised under his chin. John wasn't really sure about the whole 'boyfriends' thing; however, something told him the tall man sitting next to him was trustworthy. He laughed, thinking of the entirely mad things that could come out of it.
"What?"
"So," Harry said. "If we're stuck here, I need to say something."
A few minutes passed, in which Sherlock dressed and put on his coat. The next part of the scene was about to play out. That was all it was really: a scene from a movie that reminded its viewers how short and painful life really was. Sherlock and John's lives were almost too much for any sort of moviemaker to weave into a story, because tragedies could be endured by the population in small doses, and this was an overdose. There was no comfort, no little bit of hope that would make everything better. This was permanent. This was insurmountable and unbeatable and no matter how hard Sherlock tried, he could never rewrite the past.
Sherlock was breathing heavily up here. The top of London Bridge. The Thames would be so cold, he thought to himself. Hypothermic, freezing,
Harry obviously wasn't believing anything he said. "Yada, yada. All I want is to know why you two are bringing me to your flat. I have my own flat."
Alright, that was not good right now. "Has your opinion changed?" John asked quietly, ignoring what had just happened, whatever it had been.
"I just explained it," he replied exasperatedly.
As John ate, he watched the detective. John had weaknesses for dark hair, and curly or wavy hair, so having someone with both traits, especially one like Sherlock, with his brilliant mind and a face like a fallen angel's, had a great possibility of making this relationship go very far very fast. But that wasn't the aim of the relationship, John reminded himself. The point was for Sherlock to move on, and find someone else once John bored him.
"John?"
Harry laughed, quickly shushing herself, and then laughing again. "His name's Sherlock Holmes, and he's a fancy detective. You heard about him maybe in the paper? He got caught in a deerstalker hat
"No, my love." John dropped a kiss into Sherlock's hair. "It's okay. I had nightmares like this for months after I came back from the war. They stop eventually."
"People will always talk, John." He could visualize the smiling doctor, because John had few other expressions. Ugh, did they not feel the danger still surrounding them? A different device still heard the breathing of Moriarty and several other people, possibly snipers. Mycroft wanted to shake them, but he was too far away.
"Gave you my number," an Irish-accented, sing-song voice said. "Thought you would call." Mycroft immediately slid his phone open and speed-dialed four.
"I think I know what you want, Mr. Tight-Lipped. Literally." John smiled. Why would he be smiling, for any reason? It didn't make any sense. Then again, nothing in Sherlock's mind palace made sense when it came to John.
'Who is it?'
"Nothing really," John replied coolly.
"But he'll get his memories of you back eventually."
"No, I won't. But you NEED to stop DOING this to me. You do."
again."
"Irene Adler."
"You should've. We went to pubs a couple times." Mycroft turned around to see DI Lestrade in the flesh. Or rather, Sergeant Lestrade as he was now. He had a few more lines in his face, but otherwise, it was the same (reliable, independent, good-looking) man. "Hello, Gregory."
"How long do I have to be happy and forget what we just talked about?"
John giggled like a schoolgirl. "The great Sherlock Holmes willingly asking a question about kissing? I've seen it all!"
, he chanted to himself. He
"She started drinking, and it got really bad, but I kept thinking she would get out of it. Harry didn't, and it only got worse. Finally, one night, she said she was going to go to save me from herself." Clara looked at her hands. "She was drunk, so she probably didn't mean it. In her mind, she was probably a knight in shining armor, a martyr."
"Sherlock?" he squeaked.
"Stop this, stop this now." Sherlock was pleading with a criminal power. Mycroft put his head in his hands. You didn't
John was just empty. A shell of himself, and since someone, most likely Moriarty, had deleted his memories of Sherlock, there was nothing to fix. And Mycroft hated it.
Sherlock didn't do anything John could hear for a few seconds, and then he felt the genius' hand brush his hair away from his forehead. "It'll be alright soon," he nearly inaudibly whispered. "You'll be mine again when the game is won. Nothing else will keep you away from me." Sherlock leaned down to press a gentle kiss to John's forehead. "I promise I'll fix this."
The detective fixed the doctor with a tired look that reminded him of the Lestrade man he'd met on Harry's kidnapping case. "Yes, I do." He kissed John softly, and then continued his activities.
"And yet he has you."
Clara wasted no time asking Harry out and remembering how to sleep. She did both things before her conscious thoughts could catch up.
"I realized we didn't do anything properly when we started this experiment." John's eyes sparkled. "You don't know much about dating, do you?"
"I'm a-" Sherlock broke off. "I'm a f-" John could sort of feel Sherlock shake his head into the phone. "Damn it all, I can't say it again. I can't. I'm sorry."
Of course, the dream didn't last long in John's mind before it faded into nothing.
It was the man's turn to ask, "Really?"
"Now stop that, or I'll take Sherlock up on his offer."
"People have died," Sherlock was saying.
His smirk grew wider. "One of my informants, who insists on talking to me even after I saved her life, told me she had intercourse with a newly made-up Clara and Harriet. I can only assume they are further 'making up' in Clara's flat."
"Yep!" Both men drank again, on their fourth swig. Harry, who was paying a little bit of attention to her brother and his boyfriend, thought the whole thing was extremely hilarious. Two men with no ability to drink were playing a drinking game, and telling each other facts about one another. Soon, Sherlock would finally admit he was a virgin, and the two would shag right on the couch. And Johnny would pound him so that he was sore for a week. Not that she wanted to imagine it, but it was still funny to think about.
"Of course I know," Sherlock said dismissively. "That's part of the fun." John got out after him, smiling at the poor cabbie that had no idea why this crazy man would purposely come there. Sherlock was rubbing his hands together in glee. "Now, where are you, my dear?" John saw his eyes lock on one building in particular. He grabbed John's hand and started running. John could feel the detective's heartbeat explode into his wrist, just as his was doing.
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes, but I go by Sherlock. The normal public calls me something else."
"Of a sort." Sherlock was avoiding the question. John sighed.
"Why would I do that?"
The kiss she planted on Harry's lips allowed her to fall asleep easier that night.
"Turn around and walk back the way you came," Sherlock pleaded. Irene said once that she would make him beg for mercy twice. He laughed internally when she said it, knowing already that only John would have that kind of power over him.
"Hush, love," Clara admonished. "Your initials spell HOW."
"So, Johnny sent this first one in October. Normal then, boring, he sounded kind of depressed. Clara was long gone by then." Sherlock took the notebook paper from her hands. Notebook paper. John used it because he couldn't write in a straight line. The writing was too blocky and structured to be John's normal handwriting (Sherlock had seen it many times), so he wasn't feeling like himself. Feeling like he had to fit his life into the dull picture frame that was civilian life. He felt trapped, sad, and he slept terribly.
...and the morning, which explained the couch. Sherlock was getting over someone, someone important and valued to him, and he probably thought John had taken advantage of him. Ugh. John put his head in his hands. He'd made a mess, hadn't he?
" 'I love him and his gorgeous body far too much to leave over a bag of spilled thumbs'? But you were just giving credence to our story!" Sherlock was very confused now.
, I still care about you more than anything. So there."
"Can't tell you." Molly folded her arms.
"Get him downstairs. Now." As Sherlock began to descend the stairs, he heard John talking to himself. Or, talking to Donovan.
At that moment, Harriet decided to walk in. "Hey sexy, can you hand me that other bottle over thataways?" She gestured to Sherlock, who looked horrified.
Two more sets of CPR later, John's hands were getting cramped. He cursed as he leaned back down to his detective's chest, listening. "One more time," he whispered, voice cracking. "Just for me. Just...stop it. Stop this." One last time, John opened Sherlock's mouth and breathed for him, longer than he had before, silently begging Sherlock with his mouth to wake up. It turned into more of a kiss the last few seconds, a goodbye kiss, but John refused to think that.
Clara smiled sadly into the phone, but she knew Harry couldn't see her. "Really?"
When I originally wrote this, the proposal wasn't in the chapter plans and kind of came out of nowhere. *shakes fist at characters* But anyway :) That flashback never actually happened, but I needed the full-name thing from Season Three. Timelines. They're not real.
"What do you mean?"
"Does a man need a reason to kiss the hell out of his amazing," kiss, "genius," another kiss, "sexy as fuck," loooonnngg kiss, "boyfriend?" John looked at him with sparkling hazel eyes. "Because, I don't think so. Do you?"
Sherlock looked at her with, as the general public called it, 'new eyes'. "You remind me of one of my friends. And..." He hesitated, knowing he could be made vulnerable with the words, "you're absolutely right. I am not okay."
Mycroft could have laughed right then, laughed long and loud even when he was dying inside. He needed a drink, quite badly. "Yes, I am here for the good news."
"The public calls you brilliant."
"Oh, love, of course you can." So, Mycroft Holmes willingly hugged someone, and didn't let go.
"Three days after I died, and I'm going to keep saying died because that's the most appropriate word I can think of for what happened, someone injected you with a serum. For lack of a better term, it was a memory loss serum. You forgot the entire year you knew me, from the moment we met to two days after my death. I'm sorry. Moriarty wanted to hurt me, and you got in the way. He wanted to make it so that when I came back, I would stay lost and barely functional."
Sherlock pushed John off of him and stood up, guiding John by the hand behind him to their bedroom. When they reached the door and shut it behind them, Sherlock grinned. "You know I wore the t-shirt and jeans precisely for your benefit."
Harriet stretched, her limbs extending past the couch's arms. "Jesus, man. What the hell could you possibly want at 4 am? Riddle me that."
"Sherlock?" he questioned, unable to raise his hand any further. "May I speak to you?"
"You have to entertain the possibility they're right, that you've been taken in."
John shrugged. "I can't refuse him much."
"Yes?"
Huzzah, now John wondered what on Earth was wrong with him. "That's why I apologized, John," he whispered, with a single, hysterical laugh that came with a single tear. He suddenly felt so exhausted. Sherlock really needed to sleep, especially since it was better than any other options at that point. The cigarettes were gone anyway.
Of course, Clara's mom got a boyfriend after a few years, and Clara forgot about good sleep. But she managed, and that was the only thing to matter.
"I need to keep myself distant from it," Sherlock murmured. "From him. He wouldn't understand why it is so scary because he didn't see and interpret what I saw and interpreted. No one could ever leave him but me, and even when I did, it wasn't how my dream went." He paused. "There is something wrong with me, thinking about him when I'm with you." The old John would be back, and Sherlock couldn't think about that. He had to pretend like time wasn't ticking away to the moment John would realize Sherlock wasn't good enough for him.
"He loves you, you daft idiot!" Mycroft exclaimed. "That will not disappear even when he realizes how much you hurt him!"
"Alright. Thank you." Tom headed over to check out, his hands nervously folded around his basket.
Maybe Moriarty didn't think she was important, like Molly.
"What is it?"
The doctor knew about loss. It brushed the corners of his mind sometimes, but he had pushed it so far away that he wondered what he was mourning. All the dreams John had with the mysterious pain faded as soon as he woke, so he never remembered them. He still felt a part of himself missing.
"No, you have to let me finish. I got off track. The second time I fell was off a rooftop, the rooftop of St. Bart's. Moriarty wanted to kill you and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, and he would have unless I killed myself. I tried to get the code from him that would call off his assassins, but he swallowed a bullet before I could. I couldn't stop them, John. So I did the next best thing. I told you it was all true. I told you that I really was a fraud, a fake, and that I only knew everything I knew because I wanted to impress you with my knowledge. It had to be real, you had to believe it. I'd formulated a plan with Mycroft just in case that happened, and I was to go through with it. But I wasn't supposed to really die. When I said goodbye to you, I did."
the genius thought.
"She chose to leave me. Harry's on her own now," Clara said, looking over the shelves to see if Harry was in view.
Harry was sitting in her new flat, wearing Clara's necklace and not unpacking when her new phone rang. She reached for it, but almost put it back down again when she saw the number on the screen. It used to be hers, but she couldn't look at that phone without thinking too much, so she gave it to Johnny in the hopes her big brother would find a use for it. "Hey Johnny," she said, trying to sound okay.
God, how could he have been so stupid? This exceeded even Anderson's level of idiocy! What if...John didn't love him back? It was possible; Sherlock had come up with this whole experiment (wince) and dragged him into it, there was no reason why John would feel anything for him other than perhaps friendship, and even that was a 'long shot' as people said. John had no reason to love a consulting detective who had hurt the one thing that mattered.
A knock sounded on the door, hesitant and nervous. "Can I come in?" Sherlock asked.
Clara shifted in Harry's arms, and the brunette noticed how exactly unclothed they were.
After a while, no one knew how long, Sherlock said, "You know, when I wrote the first part of that, I was thinking when I died, it was pointless to include the years on my gravestone that I didn't know him. It made perfect sense, since I hadn't been really living while he wasn't there."
John went out to grab takeaway not long after that strange conversation. He took a cab to Angelo's, fidgeting in his seat. The cabbie, in fact, asked him to stop, because he was being distracting to the driver.
to you? You once nearly killed a man because he laid a finger on her." What the bloody hell was going on tonight?! This wasn't Sherlock, it wasn't Sherlock at all.
Harry and Clara were standing across from each other in front of Clara's flat, Harry awkwardly shifting her weight between feet, Clara primly waiting with her feet together and one arm over her torso, holding onto the other arm. "Goodnight," Harry said, thankfully remembering eye contact.
"It's not a riddle," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. "And I want to ask you about the letters John sent you the past two years."
John called Sherlock on his mobile, whispering, "Don't be ridiculous, pick up." Sherlock didn't answer. "Damn it!" He put the phone back in his pocket. John ran to another window frame to try it, but before he could, Sherlock let out a growl.
"Oh, honey. You can't shoot me. Otherwise, I'll shoot your lovely friend." And the enemy knew about Sherlock's strange attachment to the doctor as well. This day was getting worse and worse by the minute. Gregory better have the NSY behind him and the building surrounded. Some legwork would be required, but he could hurt everyone involved in the NSY very deeply.
"No birthday celebration is complete without cake. My dear brother knows that best of all."
Sherlock and Harry waited on the couch for John to finish, Harry because she was hungry, and Sherlock because he liked having John's attention on him. It was entirely irrational, but then, this whole emotions business was. He hadn't expected John to agree to the proposition of being boyfriends so easily. Maybe it had something to do with the...no, never mind, there was no logical reason why John would ever want to date someone like Sherlock. He pondered it for a while, but Harry broke his concentration with a wave of her hand.
Clara found her in Aisle Ten, helping someone find the frozen meals. "Hello," she said, flashing a smile at the customer. "May I speak with the manager for a moment?" The man, wearing a dark coat and blue scarf, blushed.
"According to your description, that's the captor." The captor, as if acknowledging that was who he was, moved around even more.
"She wants to get more of her stuff back?"
"Goodnight," Harry repeated. She didn't want to leave; in fact, the thought of leaving hurt her chest.
"I remember Harry wouldn't take it off when I got home from the war," John said in wonder. "I knew there was something about it."
"Good." Sherlock sounded so satisfied with himself.
I love him so much. Mycroft, you should really meet him."
At around 6 am, a tall, sheet-covered body entered the kitchen. His curly hair was messier than usual, and he looked ruffled and like he hadn't gotten much sleep, three hours at most. "Good morning, Sherlock," John said, making his voice as nonchalant as he could. And friendly. Very friendly. He really didn't want to scare Sherlock off.
"Well, if you learn the words 'yes, please', then maybe there'll be something in it for you." Sherlock liked this idea, John could tell.
Clara cradled Harry in her arms for a moment. "We can't pretend this didn't happen, you know."
"I..." He closed his eyes. "I wanted him to pretend to be my boyfriend. I promised that it would be just pretending, nothing serious until I'd gotten over someone."
Harry blushed, seeming to stop in the middle of the doorframe before said blonde yanked her inside. "She
Clara sighed deeply, walking to the door. Putting her hand on the handle, she turned it and opened the door.
He'd purposely sent Molly over to talk to either Clara or Harriet and attempt to remold and reform their marriage.
Sherlock smiled. "Get used to that."
Okay, what? "Er, yeah." John decided to play along for the moment. He'd be out soon, anyway.
"Of course it does. Fortune brought us together under the same roof, Sherlock. Fortune exists for that sole reason." John's smile was sweet, and it didn't exactly help Sherlock's buzz from the alcohol.
"You more than talked it out," Sherlock interrupted. "You had many, many physical interludes throughout that particular conversation."
It was this event that made her start looking for Clara at the supermarket again. She couldn't live like that, with John unresponsive and everyone else gone. Harry needed someone, and she was beyond the thought that she was bad for Clara. She needed Clara back.
"It has been beneficial to know exactly once, and I solved the case in ten seconds without that information." Sherlock's face shut down slightly with the memory of that particular case.
"Doing each other, I know that part."
you."
"I've never used the title before in my life, to refer to anyone, much less
The doctor laughed almost hysterically. "Why can you not understand when someone cares very much for you?"
"Thank you." So, Sherlock was saying thank you now? Not that John was complaining, it was really nice, but seriously, something wasn't entirely right.
The doctor smiled. "Alright. Pancakes it is, then. Would you be totally against waking my sister?"
The doctor held up a hand. "Alright. Alright."
Sherlock had just kissed John's ring, and John kissed his, and the whole thing was over after the presiding whatever guy had pronounced them husbands. John had grinned at Sherlock, and Sherlock had grinned back. There really wasn't any need for words.
Sherlock took the appropriate time before responding, but he didn't want to. He didn't want himself to be right. "You're worried they're right. You're worried they're right about me."
His voice was almost too much. Sherlock swayed on the dangerous precipice but steadied himself quickly. "John."
"What is all the ruckus about?" a rough man's voice asked, its owner peeking his head out the door.
"No, it's not. This isn't like you at all, and it's worrisome."
"Yes, Mr. Holmes," Anthea replied. "I can cancel them this entire week if need be."
"Your guess is as good as mine, dear. Sherlock's always been a sort of mystery man. Always alone, always solving murders. If he had someone, just one person, I wouldn't worry about him so much."
"No."
"You want to take me to the station, well the answer is no."
"Hello?" she whispered. No one lived in her immediate vicinity, but it was a habit to stay quiet.
"Right, Mycroft." He could hear the sound of clothes being put on, and a gun being strapped to a belt. "I'll be there as soon as I can."
And oh, was that the most incorrect thing to say to Sherlock Holmes at that precise moment. "No, you're not," he managed to get out without screaming that
A mousy-looking man came up to them, wearing plastic gloves and what John thought was an extremely unpleasant expression. "He has no clearance to be on the crime scene, much less his tagalong. Tell the Freak to leave." John saw Sherlock nearly imperceptibly wince at the name, and John himself had his fists clenched.
John didn't take any offense to his rudeness, because Sherlock had known for the past few weeks that was rude. "When I was fourteen, I knew this girl named Lynn. She was pretty and liked me, so she kissed me. Lynn had always been bolder than me. The problem was I had braces then, and I thought I would never get my first kiss while I had braces, so I ended scratching up her tongue. She thought that was horrible, and there ended my short relationship with Lynn." He paused. "Do you have a first kiss story?"
Of course he did. But that began this whole mess, didn't it?
"So much that I won't let you change the subject." John was confident he had the consulting detective in a corner. Of course, Sherlock knew that would never be true.
"Johnny?"
We would have made it no matter what."
Irene could hear them crying below, and it got her very interested in a probably inappropriate way considering the circumstances, but it was worth it.
Tick tock. Tick tock. Time was running out.
Once they were settled in a cab, John took Sherlock's hand. He knew the detective was bad at feelings, no one had to tell him, so he wanted to let Sherlock know it was okay. Sherlock had an ally in John, whether he knew or not.
"Sherlock Holmes!" the large man said boisterously. "How've you been? Clear any names lately?"
The detective looked at the ground for a moment. "In a heartbeat."
'His name is John. Have you met him?'
"My first love is going on right now. I don't...want it to be unhappy." John's heart broke right then, just looking at Sherlock's face.
"Sherlock, I don't want the world believing you're..." John paused, staring at the floor. "A fraud."
"M'kay."
"Yes?"
The two men stayed there, completely occupied, for about ten more minutes, until the sound of clomping feet echoed from the stairwell. Harry barged in not long after they heard it, cursing and huffing, several bags of groceries arranged on her wrists and hands. "What have you blokes been doing while I was gone?" she asked.
Of course, John had to pick this time to cry. "John, John, John," his fiancé whispered. "I love you."
"Sherlock." John gently touched his lips to the top of Sherlock's spine. "Why didn't you tell me about that?"
Harry stared her brother down. "He made you do the chocolate, didn't he?"
"I'm glad." Those were the last words either man spoke that night.
She motioned to her kitchen. "Would you like to come in? I've just made chocolate biscuits."
"Got it," Harry said numbly. Clara couldn't smell any beer or whiskey on her yet; maybe she tried to be sober when meeting Irene.
for John, by
" He stopped. John was going to get too angry, and Mrs. Hudson would still be shot. "Sod this. Sod this, I'm going. You can stay here, alone."
"Well, I'm glad you think so," John replied, his voice wavering, and cursing his nonexistent ability to lie.
"Good luck with that. It's unnecessary, and as my boyfriend, you should respect that."
"This next one is from early November. He talked about not being able to find a job, and there's a weird sentence in there about the gun he hid in his bedside table." Sherlock took the paper from her. The writing was even more structured, John was trying to stay in control more. It almost hurt to deduce this letter.
Sherlock looked the man up and down. "Oh, Lestrade. Your wife finally left you for the PE teacher, didn't she?"
"Yes, I'm fine." John paused. "You took off my clothes in a secluded area, won't people talk?" Mycroft glared at the listening device. They were already relaxing, obviously the battle wasn't over.
Harry shook her head. "I think Clara moved to get away from me. That's why she's never there."
"Alright, now here's when it gets strange. Mid-November, he sounds far more hopeful and mentions someone named Sherlock Holmes. But he doesn't remember you. That's so unnatural, because Johnny remembers everyone he meets, and you are pretty hard to forget."
Sherlock's face went simultaneously white and blank. "We spoke for the first time today, Harriet," he said slowly, almost dazedly. "There was no other time that anyone else in the building knows about. You're intoxicated and need to go home."
She nodded. "Alright. If you want to see the real things, my flat isn't far from here."
(See the end of the chapter for
"No. You won't have to lose Johnny ever again."
It was Harry's turn to huff. "Yeah, yeah."
"Stop flirting and get me some food!" Harry shouted from the couch.
angel.
John reached back into his memory, but he could feel the lucid feeling fuzzing away. "No. Someone died. And there was a rooftop, and it was cold. But I can't recall anything else."
She grinned a little more real this time. "Are you already drunk, apologizing to your lowly assistant?"
"I was thinking of making a daring escape." And of course, Sherlock was totally serious. He pressed some button on the inside of the car, and snatched a gun from the back pocket of one of the officers. "Ladies and gentlemen, will you all get on your knees!" he shouted. When no one moved, he shot twice into the air. "Now!"
John and Sherlock dug into their meals, staying silent for a little while. The doctor was absolutely bursting with the strange things Angelo had said in the restaurant, but he didn't want to interrupt Sherlock eating, which didn't happen nearly enough as he would have liked. When Sherlock was three-fourths of the way finished with his chicken alfredo, John opened his mouth to ask about it, but the genius spoke first.
John couldn't stop himself from laughing. "Pudding? That's why you needed the milk?"
For a single moment, nothing moved.
"What do you want for dinner?"
"John," Sherlock said, putting as much feeling into it as he could.
"Whatever,
Harry eventually came to Tesco every day Clara worked and begged her to take her back. Clara had changed shifts, so she didn't know about it until Kate, her supervisor, got tired of it. Harry showed up every day, at 10:00 am precisely, and wandered through the aisles for six hours, taking a break only for lunch. She was loud, people told Clara, and disrupted the customers, but no one ever got close to getting a restraining order for her.
"Let's not do this every night," he breathed.
Sherlock quickly sealed his lips over John's, softly, trying not to scare him. "I'm sorry for everything I'm going to do to us." He stood up, taking his sheet with him, and escaping into his room. He prayed John wouldn't follow him, and slid down to the ground in front of his door, knees to his chest.
"Lovely." Clara leaned in and pressed her cherry-glossed lips to Harry's. It was slippery and tasted
But something nagged at John. Harry wasn't exactly a great person, but she knew not to do anything illegal or aggravate the wrong people. So Harry getting kidnapped didn't make sense.
"You'll laugh at me."
"You think?" John spoke now from the side of the bed. He wasn't playing Lestrade anymore. Sherlock wondered why John had to play all the minor roles but Sherlock only had to play himself. "You should have gone with them quietly, saved some trouble. People aren't watching you now."
"Hey, Harry," a kind woman's voice said.
"And I...want to...kissyoutoo." Harry was surprised she managed to get it out.
Sherlock thought,
"No."
"SHERLOCK HOLMES, PLEASE, PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME!" John frantically attempted to go deeper, diving under the murky, icy water for just one second to try and find him. "YOU CAN'T!" He coughed a few times before returning to his search, hands barely able to move.
Sherlock was already on his way down to the street.
"It did cross my mind," Sherlock replied, laying on the couch, an arm slung over his eyes. It would be easier to take the rejection while not standing. Why did Harriet have to say that? John would leave now, no matter all the nice things he said to Sherlock daily. This was never meant to be permanent anyway, there was never supposed to be love again. Sherlock tried so hard not to tell John every second of every day they spent together how he truly felt, but it appeared to have been done for nothing. And soon, he'd be back in 221C, or much farther away.
John didn't say anything back. "Oh," Sherlock added. "You expected more from me."
John thought about that. His flat, why had Sherlock wanted his flat? And then when it was taken, he was glad? It didn't make much sense, but John knew everything Sherlock did had a reason. Unless he was bored. Then, nothing had a reason.
"Oh Sherlock." John wrapped his arms around the detective's waist. "I'm so sorry."
John woke up on the couch, fully clothed, with a terrible feeling in his chest. This wasn't where he fell asleep.
"Why are you leaving? I love you and I will always love you!" Clara's voice was cracking, and God, did it break Harry's alcohol-sullied heart, but it had to happen.
Harry wandered the streets of London until she was thoroughly lost. She didn't want to be found, least of all by herself. This began a streak of long nights and even longer days, trying to find a job, begging on the street corners, looking for places to stay when it got to cold to sleep in a blanket on the ground. This was it, the Harry Watson existence reduced to a too-thin body and a bottle that sometimes held money.
"I respect that you're important to me and by extension your health." It had turned into a staring contest between the two men. John smirked. In the army, he had some mates that just would not back down, so he'd gotten very good at intimidation. Of course, Sherlock wasn't about to be forced into saying John was smarter than him.
He stood, fidgeting, near the doorframe of 221B once he was sure John was ready. The door opened so slowly, but it was worth it. John looked...Sherlock didn't have the words. "Hi," the other man said. "Shall we?"
Maybe a year and a half of John's blinding happiness passed before it all exploded. There were three days of John being in incurable agony, telling Harry he didn't know how long he could last, telling her Sherlock was gone and was never coming back, telling her he'd never known pain in Afghanistan, even when he was shot, but he knew it now. Harry knew she couldn't help, and that killed her.
"I don't know any such 'magic words'," Sherlock said, voice vibrating into John's shoulder. "I was just asking a question."
Sherlock was reeling from the last swig. "So. Do you have any questions in mind?"
"I will." John hung up, but Harry didn't move the phone from her ear.
Mycroft could feel the surprise on his brother's face. "Oh." They stayed silent until the police sirens could be heard.
Sherlock knew he had to answer John. He knew it, but he wanted to evade it. "You...I told you he was like you." John nodded. "He...he was the only person I could call my friend. He just attached himself where I didn't want him at first, and then I did, and I never wanted him to leave like all the others had, and I realized something that I tried to get rid of, but found I couldn't."
With an eyebrow wiggle, she answered, "Which offer exactly?"
"Wow, you are drunk." That soft look in Gregory's eyes wouldn't go away. Why wouldn't it go away? Mycroft was a horrible person and didn't deserve that look.
"The magic words in this case are, 'may I please have some chocolate chips'." John could almost feel Sherlock roll his eyes. "I'll get them as soon as you let go of me."
John reached a hand out, but Sherlock shrugged away from it. This was wrong, in this time, in this place. John wasn't supposed to know; he would leave Sherlock, and that would be the end of that. "You want..."
"No. I find her much more tolerable than many other people. Maybe it's because she's your sister."
"You could have started with that," John berated, but the visitor didn't react.
"The hostility is unnecessary, dear. You and your lovely bride aren't leaving this flat until I say so. If you've successfully worked things out, in a way I see fit, you can go, but not until then." Irene gracefully pranced up the spiral staircase leading to Clara's bedroom. "I'll leave you two alone, but I'm going to check on you both periodically."
He looked up. "Yeah, you can head out now." Harry gave him a worried glance before heading out the door to 221B.
"I met him this morning at 5 am, I wouldn't have told you about him," John said.
"I'll hail a cab for you then."
"Oh yes, it is. Plus, you owe me for dragging her out of here. I don't think you could accomplish it with your stature."
Mycroft looked up at his still standing brother. "Everyone whose memories were taken by Moriarty has them back now. DI Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, Donovan, and Anderson all remember John and the past two years, including your death. It's only a matter of time before John does too."
John looked up at him. "You were addicted to cocaine once?"
"Your gait, your insistence we help you with the bags, not one, but three bottles of beer, the lines in your face. Shall I go on?" Harry huffed and dropped the other bags, heading down the stairs to plead pity from Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock assumed. John let out a small breath and picked up half of the remaining groceries, setting them on the counter next to where Sherlock had finished storing the food.
"I'm good with that." John took out a pan and put it on the stove. He'd been eating takeout the past few weeks, so seeing the domesticity of it was a bit strange.
"It's here," John breathed. "It's in here with me."
"Well..." John wasn't sure how to explain this to the older woman. "We're sharing my flat right now. Apparently, he hurt his best friend, and then his friend left him, and now he's staying with me because he wants to move on. I hope he'll be okay soon. I'm worried about him too, you know. That's why I'm asking you about him." He fell silent. "Nothing creepy or anything like that."
"Pancakes it is. Harry?"
Sherlock yelled over the music, "I'm cleaning because you deserve a night off. You bought dinner, it's only fair I finish the process."
"Shut up." She really didn't want to admit it, but she thought about Harry every once in a while. Okay, a lot. Okay, practically all the time. She shouldn't! She should forget all about Harriet Olivia Watson and her short hair that Clara could almost run her fingers through and the necklace Clara had given back when she heard where Harry had moved to and why she called her Clarabella, beautiful Clara. The sooner all of it was gone, the better. But she couldn't bring herself to hate Harry. And that was infuriating. If she hated Harry, all of this would be so much easier.
Say that again, and know that if you're lying to me, I will find you, and I will
Sherlock smirked. "I am aware this is an attempt to introduce me to pop culture."
Sherlock bobbed his head up and down. "I do, as a matter of fact, have a first kiss story. There was this man named John, and our relationship was initiated by me. The kiss wasn't, though. He saw I was feeling rejected and see-through just...kissed me. I liked it more than I thought I would. Before then, I didn't understand what kissing what about, why people exchanged saliva whenever it struck their fancies. But I knew in that minute. He was everything in that moment, and I got it." He tried to reorient himself, having lost his place in the story. "There's my story. Another swig?" Sherlock gestured widely with the hand holding the beer.
John took a biscuit from the plate. "When did Sherlock come looking for a flat here?"
Harry rolled her eyes. "La la la. Whatever you say."
"That would be unnecessary, I know the building. Anything else I should know?"
John took that reply and began to walk outside, knowing Sherlock had a destination in mind. The detective, as John now thought of the man beside him, was incessantly fidgeting, tapping his fingers together, wearing a zigzagged path behind him. Lestrade and Anderson were having a conversation about the possible meanings of the scuffs on the walls. Not that they knew anything. When Sherlock carefully avoided them, John had a feeling there might be a reason. Of course, Sherlock would never admit weakness to others; John was an exception just because he was an experiment.
, and a game I'm not willing to play."
tired." Her tone was pretty hostile. It came out when she couldn't at least somewhat filter her words. "My brother's stupid boyfriend made me go through files for hours last night. I'm sorry, I'll try to move." She pushed off the wall and fell flat on her face, barely catching herself with her hands.
Sherlock shook his head. "I do not. However, the birthday woman may object to the pudding not coming very fast."
She frowned a little. "I helped him fake his death so that he could basically save London from my former boyfriend, Jim Moriarty. He was also on trial for grand theft of the Crown Jewels and lots of other felonies."
John knew he was in deep, and that he couldn't crawl back out of the hole. As Mycroft looked farther, he saw that John
Sherlock huffed. "How exactly are we going to go about this?"
"We're not a couple."
Only once did Harry ever come at the wrong time. At four pm, she showed up, looking drunk, but actually too sleepless to move the way that swept Clara into many a blissful state. She told Kate she'd been going through files with her brother's boyfriend for hours, and once Clara saw her, she knew Harry wasn't lying. Harry was tired enough that she couldn't move without falling over. Kate managed to drag the woman into the break room, where she would surprise Clara.
The doctor laughed. "When did you have contact with Americans?"
"I need to take this, boys." Moriarty slid his phone from his pocket. "Hello?" He paused, listening to the person on the other end. "
"I've never heard of him. Who is he?" Harry asked.
had happened, an entirely unmeant, accidental thing, John was either going to make him leave, since Sherlock had promised they were just
"He'll want me to rot," Sherlock whispered dangerously.
Clara smiled. "I'll take that back. I don't know complicated as well as you. What's your name?"
"Are you Dr. John Watson?"
I'm digging out my HTML skills to post here and they're really dusty. If you see any inconsistencies I would love to know so I can get better. Thanks guys!
Wait, rewind. Sherlock?
The doctor in John's head began to do some nasty calculating. The Bridge was around nine meters above the river, and Sherlock had jumped from it, accelerating 9.8 meters per second. Sherlock had fallen for only a couple seconds, crashing into hypothermic water, having been going pretty fast before. "SHITE." John awkwardly shuffled forward, reaching out with one hand to feel around for a body.
"Cool. I'm not the only sane one here." Liz laughed. "Anyway, we should get you home."
"That's what people do when their partner is upset," John said in a teacher-like, teasing voice. Sherlock immediately felt warm hearing it. "That and hugging." He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, and Sherlock finally reacted by shifting his arms out from John's embrace and wrapping them around John's shoulders.
"I love you." Clara planted a kiss on Harry's forehead.
"She's my landlady."
"You don't give her enough credit," Molly said, putting a finger under Clara's chin to lift her head up. "Why do you think she comes in here every day you work?"
"John." Sherlock sat down at the table and pulled his sheet tightly around him, like a security blanket. Although, it didn't change the track of John's mind. God, he'd never noticed how Sherlock's suits hid how muscular his arms were, and his legs, mostly his thighs, and
John smiled. "Yes, like my very own guardian angel. Kind of like you, actually."
"Point taken." Sherlock tried to nestle closer to John, even though there wasn't much closer they could get. "Harriet didn't come home last night."
"Aw." Sherlock had the puppy look in his eyes that he knew John had a hard time resisting.
So there was a reason, but Mycroft didn't ever want to admit it to himself.
Sherlock set his mobile down on the table. John was in the shower, having stated immediately when they got back to the flat that he needed to get clean at all costs. Sherlock didn't blame him; his fiance (?) wasn't as used to getting dirty on cases as he was. He smirked when he remembered the pig's blood all over him before the Baskerville case. The trident was fun as well.
"She obviously doesn't. This is her flat, which she so conveniently was kidnapped from. The question is why."
Clara didn't sleep well most of the time. It was her fault, but she didn't have insomnia, or sleep apnea, or anything like that. She was used to having another person sleep next to her, and it was usually a bit not good if she didn't.
They arrived at a group of warehouses labeled 1 through 6. Sherlock paid the cabbie, but the person said, "You know this is a bad part of London, mate?"
The stabbing pain from his nightmares was back. "Yes." He nestled even closer to John, if that was possible. The movie continued, with its gigantic holes in the plot that Sherlock pointed out more times than he didn't. When it (finally) was concluded, John asked a question.
"Keep talking," he repeated. God, if John stopped now... "What are you seeing?"
The doctor immediately stopped in his tracks. Sherlock hated this so much, but he had to do it.
"This friend," John said quietly, "you loved him."
"No, thank you, John. I'll be back soon." Sherlock rushed out the door of 221B, shutting it loudly behind him. John had no idea what all of this was about, so he went downstairs to see the landlady.
Sherlock didn't even need to think about that. "When I was seven, I had a dog named Redbeard. I loved him so much, because he always played with me when Mycroft couldn't. One day, he and I got lost on the manor grounds, and he led me home, wagging his tail and never leaving me by myself. Redbeard was devoted and kind and listened to me like no one else did at the time. Mycroft was a good brother then; he'd teach me everything from physics to biology to chemistry, which was my favorite. It was the last of the good days, the day when Redbeard and I got lost on the grounds. After that, Redbeard got put down and Mycroft went to college, and I was alone again."
"I've loved you since...I don't know. Maybe the first time I saw you, or the crime scene," Sherlock murmured. He was telling the truth. He'd loved John since the lab, when they first met, or the pink lady's murder, or Angelo's restaurant, or when he realized John killed a man to save his life. Sherlock didn't even remember, because it was so sudden. "I love you, John Watson, more than anything."
The reporter found another stack of papers and flipped through them, handing certain pieces to the blogger. John wondered why Sherlock wasn't standing up for himself or something! If it all wasn't true, than why wasn't Sherlock throwing out deductions to prove these people wrong?! "I'm the Storyteller, I'm on TV," Jim added desperately. If he really was an actor, he was damn good. John swore under his breath.
"There you go again," John huffed. "What will it take to get it out of you?"
"Don't worry. I'll get you help," the doctor said to the inert body floating next to him, fighting his way through the current. "I'll take care of you."
"Oh my God." He put a hand to his mouth. "I'll be right there." John ended the call.
"Goodbye, John. Don't...forget...me."
The woman in the aisle was mousy and small. Long-haired, otherwise Clara would have wussed out. She was staring at the cleaning supplies like she didn't know where to start. "Hi," Clara said, coming over. "Is there something I can help you with?"
Angelo went back to the kitchen and returned with two takeaway boxes in his large hand. "Enjoy, and tell Sherlock hello from me!"
John stared at his mobile. Who was this person, and what had he done with Sherlock Holmes? It was nice, him caring about John like that, but seriously, something wasn't right. He began to pack up his things to go home early, telling Sarah on the way out that he would make up the extra hour tomorrow. She gave him a funny look, but he didn't catch it.
"Y'all make a cute couple. Nice to see more of us around London, especially as close as you two look."
John's eyes creased in those laugh lines Sherlock had missed so much. "Are Watsons some sort of special breed of detective-approved human?"
John could feel himself overheating. This man took Sherlock from him for a crime he didn't commit, just to insult him to his best friend (boyfriend? maybe? John couldn't remember that particular conversation). "What are you looking at?"
"I know all about those." He smirked. "My brother is the British government."
Harry was pretty in an unusual and hard to spot way. Pixie-cut brown hair, friendly face, laughing blue eyes. Clara completely forgot her exhaustion, the bags the woman surely saw under her eyes, and realized what it was to be smitten. If she believed in love at first sight (which she was trying to deny to this day), this would have been it.
Harry clammed up, and John groaned. "This is kind of a sensitive subject."
"Yes?"
Mycroft smiled sadly. "I'll bring him back in a few minutes. Don't worry."
"Sorry, boys! I'm soooooo changeable!" Mycroft immediately reached for his phone again, out of habit only, but there was no one left to call. Without putting himself in danger, there was nothing he could do.
"I feel better," Sherlock whispered.
"No, thank you. Actually, I was looking for some cleaning chemicals. I spilled the bag of thumbs Molly gave me, and we don't have sufficient supplies to clean it up," the detective lied.
"Ooh, now it's getting fun. So,
"I'm boooorrrrreeeddd."
Harry laughed bitterly. "Yeah right. That's the expression my brother used to wear all the time. I'm a drunk, not stupid. You look fine when he looks over, but then when he looks away, your face slips. You're not okay, and you don't want him to see."
Sherlock could feel his eyes begin to twitch, even though they were closed. Did that occur often? "Can you...er...kiss me?" Damn, Sherlock didn't mean to say that! But he couldn't take it back.
"You want something from me specifically. I see the way you've been staring at me lately, like I have something you crave but can't reach. It's maddening, it infuriates you, but you're scared. Why would you be scared of me?"
Sherlock nodded, turning back to his experiment. Molly had brought over some hydrogen peroxide earlier, which was one of the reasons he knew Harriet had been
The man standing in front of John didn't look at all familiar. John wracked his brain for a reason he could know him. His hair was dark and haphazardly curly, his form was thin, his cheekbones were pronounced, and his eyes were clear blue-grey. He was beautiful, and it was so strange that the army doctor nearly had to step back. "Hello," John's fuzzy voice said. "Can I help you?"
in it. John shook his head and sat down, waiting for the man to tell him why he was here. Of course, the man refused to speak for several minutes, staring at him. His gaze was penetrating, searching, taking John apart piece by piece. This person had something about him, but John thought he was too tired to fully figure it out.
And God, would John be lying if he said it didn't make him glow, too.
"What did you think it was?" John's fuzzy mind struggled forming the question.
Sherlock leaned quickly forward to kiss John, and moved almost faster back. The doctor's eyes were wide, and getting wider by the second; the genius had to reassure himself that John wouldn't recall any of this when the other John came back. He forced another lopsided smirk on his face and said, "
"She at least wants to stay near you."
Harriet strolled inside, and Sherlock noticed the lack of alcohol smell, and notably clean clothes. "What happened to you?" he asked bluntly.
"Strapped a bomb to him, made him say things. We got away, I thought. That's what really happened. We got away at the real end. But in this one, he...was...shot."
"That aisle has a spill."
Harry did, nearly melted at the name, but John shook his head. "The name sounds familiar, but I don't know it. Why?" Harry was in far too much of a daze to hear what happened next, something about Johnny wondering if Sherlock had gone nuts, but she did hear the last part.
That wasn't the last time. Exactly seventeen times after that, Irene called her, and she came. The Woman told Harry once or twice that she was much more interesting than her brother. When Irene had met John, Harry didn't know, but if it got her amazing sex, she could afford to look the other way.
Sherlock was getting pretty caught up in all of this. He just wanted his violin earlier, he didn't know that John would do
"Do what Moriarty wants." His voice sounded a bit strange to John, like he was holding back laughter, or tears, or both. "Become fugitives. Run!"
"Sherlock and you..." Clara whispered, "you're going to adopt? This early? I mean, I'm very happy for you, and we'll help whenever we can." Harry smiled really wide, nodding emphatically behind her wife, having wrapped her arms around Clara's waist.
"What?"
he doesn't remember. The idiot part, not the sex. He remembers the sex. Holmes'd better be more forgiving than me, because what Johnny did wasn't right." Harry didn't speak for a moment. "If you're not Clarabella, I'm sorry to bother you."
Sherlock and John looked at each other for an uncountable amount of minutes, Sherlock cataloguing the details and burning them into a new room of his mind palace so he would never forget, and John reading the lines and slopes of his face like they were a never-ending mystery novel. Both men drank the other in as if they needed this to live. And Sherlock did need it, but John didn't know he did too, yet. Just yet.
"What's going on?"
The detective shook his head. Walking one stride forward, he kissed his blogger gently on the lips, and then again on the forehead. John would have to go see Mycroft about the articles Kitty had written, and Sherlock would have to set up for falling from London Bridge. When they met again, John would be angry with him, and Sherlock wanted to remember this instead.
John turned to look at him. "Why?"
As they walked into 221B, they noticed Harry had come home. "Find her?" John asked.
"It appears so." Sherlock stood up and left a small kiss on John's cheek before heading up the stairs to what was apparently Harriet's room.
"I'm leaving, because you will never leave me."
The two of them didn't move for a long time, or maybe just felt like a long time. Sherlock's hand was over John's heart, and John's hand was placed over the top of that. John half-laid on top of Sherlock, and Sherlock had his lips mere millimeters away from John's neck. The detective could feel his love's pulse just a little. ThuThump. ThuThump. ThuThump. John was so strong all the time, he thought. Strong and soft and brilliant and wonderful. And Sherlock didn't deserve him. Not one bit.
"Hello," a bleary, drowsy man drawled.
Harry's heart swelled. "You are an amazing big brother."
Sherlock shifted on his feet. "The person that took her had big feet, balance of probability, we're dealing with a man. Heavy footsteps, heavy enough to bend the floorboards a little. This man knew what he was doing as well, deliberately having used enough chloroform for two hours of unconsciousness. She's not that far from here, considering this criminal had a sponsor that knew the traffic patterns."
"No, Sherlock." John twined his fingers through the detective's. "It's okay."
"Hey genius guy," she said. "You look like you're thinking about something sad."
Mycroft was begging him to just see. There wasn't much time left for his baby brother to be like this.
left 221B for 221C, mostly because John
"Yes, John?" Sherlock's eyes sparkled as they looked at him.
The doctor smiled (when did he ever stop smiling at Sherlock?) and made a line of kisses up Sherlock's jaw. "I want to be here. You have something I've never seen before that I quite like. You won't get rid of me that easily."
As soon as John saw the sapphire ring again, the situation fell on him like a brick wall. He was going to marry his boyfriend, Sherlock Holmes, a beautiful madman that had never meant to stay in the first place. But he did, and John loved him.
Molly's eyes went wide. "Are you related to John, then?"
John's eyes flew open. "Who would give you that kind of information?"
"You don't remember, do you?" Sherlock asked. His voice was so sad, like he was used to this happening, like people forgot him all the time.
John wasn't actually in the room, but Sherlock didn't feel like getting up to find him. "John! I want my violin!" he shouted.
His brother smiled, smiled so wide the corners of his eyes crinkled. "Amazing." He turned to the doctor, who was sitting on the couch. "John, this is my brother Mycroft, who appears to be doing very well on his diet, contrary to popular belief."
"I was always the heart. Harry sometimes had a hard time telling me how she felt, showing it. She loved me, I'm sure of it, otherwise we wouldn't have gotten married, but I don't know anything about her anymore. She could be thinking about suicide or depressed, and I wouldn't know, and I wouldn't be able to do anything." Clara sniffed. "I'm so worried that someday I'll see her obituary in the newspaper, and John would have to write it, and it would be so awful, I would die too."
When Harry left, things got better and worse at the same time. Sleep was still out of reach, Clara pulling all-nighters every other night, but the alcohol was gone, and the mood swings went away. And Harry, the one person Clara was absolutely certain she loved, was gone. It almost didn't matter what she'd done (Clara still hadn't forgiven her, for the record), but life without Harry was much worse than life with her.
Love would be his undoing. But it didn't matter if it was John.
"You shouldn't have been drinking. I should let you suffer," he replied.
John woke up an hour later, curled around Sherlock. Their bodies were entwined like the curves of a mandala, John and Sherlock and Sherlock and John until he barely knew where the detective ended and he began. Close. So close.
He turned to look at him. "Oh. Figures you would show up. Down the hall and to the left. Who's that?"
"Alright, Irene. How are you? More importantly, what's this about? I told you, I'll confront Harry...sometime."
"Just don't make a habit of it," Kate answered.
Sherlock noted the words 'used to'. It was true; he hadn't thought of himself as a sociopath since...a long time ago. And he was finding he didn't miss the term. Everything made more sense without the explanation of sociopathic tendencies. Sociopaths didn't understand nor want to be a part of human interaction, but Sherlock
"You didn't answer my question. Who do you have?"
"But you have to." Mycroft had turned away from Sherlock, unable to look at him. "There is nothing you can do to stop it, besides killing him, which I know no one on this earth can do."
He didn't find the recipe.
The doctor raked the outstretched hand through Sherlock's hair, effectively shutting him up. "Let me finish." When Sherlock gave him a confused and slightly betrayed look, John grinned devilishly (again, sexy) and added, "Your brother told me it was the easiest way to calm you." He paused. "And I can see you're now planning the murder of Mycroft."
recreational.
Harry took the beer bottles from their hands once she was sure both were out like lights. She finished them off with a sigh. How did her brother get into such a mess?
When she was younger, it wasn't a problem. She was an only child with a single mother, and her mom never minded company. The two of them would plan and dream about life ahead before crashing in the bed that could still hold one more person. It wasn't a big deal when she was a child, and her mother was still there.
"Thank you."
"Yes."
"I still need to hear it every day for the rest of our lives."
"That's not true."
"Now, we both need to sleep," John whispered. "I can barely keep my eyes open."
The detective looked down at the bundle of human beauty in his arms. There was nothing he could do now but put him to bed, and wait. Wait for all the memories to come back, wait for the fear to come back. Because it would.
"Something that has lasted far too long and I'm trying to rid myself of." He would say no more about it, mostly because John was finished with breakfast.
"Say you love me one more time," Harry breathed once she'd calmed down a little. "Just please."
"I LOVE YOU, YOU ARSEHOLE!"
He grabbed for the detective, not caring exactly what he was grabbing. His only conscious thoughts surrounded getting his (er...) boyfriend (fiancé?) out of the freezing river as fast as he possibly could. This was one of the many problems with being in an army posted to Afghanistan: John had quite a bit of experience with heat. Cold? Not so much.
"Will you come to the station?"
"Mhm," his fiance answered.
Relief washed over John as he walked inside the familiar restaurant, smelled the Italian food. "Hello?" he called, approaching the counter.
"John Hamish Watson." Sherlock choked down a laugh, but that was easy since he felt like choking already with that infernal substance called 'beer'.
The pathologist shook her head rapidly. "What?! You love her! And she obviously feels something for you!"
things, without meaning to of course, and he'd rather not have those things interfere with, add another variable so to speak, to his already marred experiment. He flipped through various items hanging in his closet to find something, anything, that would come close to matching everything John was
Sherlock made a decision: he was going to leave before John had a chance to leave him. He was going to save everyone involved a great deal of pain, except himself, but that didn't matter at all. As he searched through his mind palace to make sure there weren't any other options, John walked into the sitting room.
The day John Watson walked into Sherlock's life was the day Mycroft was surprised for the first time in years. John refused Mycroft's offer of money in exchange for Sherlock's activities because John had gotten attached to his brother in just a few hours. John had agreed to share a flat with him. John had gone to
"I still love you."
"Sherlock? SHERLOCK!" John ran forward; Mycroft pressed the 'Send' button. It was done.
"I guess I gave her hope that she and Clara would work out. Because Harriet didn't leave her wife because she was unhappy, she left because she knew she was making Clara unhappy. She's rather sacrificing." He moved John around 180 degrees to face him. "Much like you," he breathed, hoping John wouldn't hear.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So maybe that's what you should do," Harry added, ignoring who held the phone and putting him on speaker. "Have some amazing sex, and work out your issues that way."
The Woman walked into Clara's old room and shut the door, while Clara sat down on the couch, patting the spot next to her. Harry plopped down, fidgeting with a cheap bracelet on her wrist. They stayed silent for a few minutes, not looking at each other.
"Empathy." Sherlock leaned down and pecked him on the lips. "Do you remember the dream?"
before eating. Sherlock was hungry, for once.
John, looking after the detective, was very confused. There was no real reason why Sherlock would show that much emotion in respect to the army doctor, especially since he thought of himself as quite normal. Had he gotten too close to a truth Sherlock didn't want him to know? Was Sherlock nervous about something more impacting than a question about when he'd eaten? John face-palmed. Of course he was.
But, what on earth was she supposed to do?
Mrs. Hudson must have seen something in the look on his face, because she said, "You want to be?"
Sherlock smiled, a mischievous smile this time. "That isn't what people usually say."
about me. Do you think...John won't want to marry me anymore because he had to save me?" Clara's mouth fell open. "I've always been a burden to him, so it makes sense that after this he'll leave. What do you think?"
The corner of the woman's mouth twitched up. "Yeah. John was heartbroken for a few days, but then it was like Sherlock never existed for him. I don't know what happened, his body probably blocked out memories of Sherlock to save itself. Sherlock was Johnless for a while, and that was hell for everyone involved." She blew a strand of hair out of her face. "Now, he's back in the same flat he used to live in, with John, and they're dating now, according to DI Lestrade, who works with them. But John still doesn't remember." Her brow furrowed. "So I'm in quite the mess with them."
Mycroft silently and numbly climbed into one of his black cars, not acknowledging Anthea sitting next to him. "Is the information delivered, sir?" she asked, not looking up from her BlackBerry.
John cocked his head up at the bridge. "What do you mean?"
"Last time Harry and Clara came over for breakfast, so a few days ago. Mycroft, can't you just tell us?" Sherlock still didn't understand. He always knew love made people soft and caring wasn't an advantage, and here was the proof, with his ignorant little sibling.
"Neither do I." Nobody spoke for a while, Sherlock and John both trying not to slip under the influence completely.
"It isn't the last two years." Sherlock sighed, exasperated. Why did he interact with normal people, again? "It's the year before this one."
"I have a certain fondness for your pancakes," Sherlock answered.
"Yes, ma'am."
He rolled his eyes. "Lestrade. That's his real name."
"I will, thank you." John left the restaurant as fast as he could without looking like a robber.
When Mycroft entered the pub, the first thing he did was order a Scotch on the rocks. He drank it within three seconds, slammed it down on the bar, and then ordered another. After he'd drank four, he stopped, and enjoyed how fuzzy his mind was getting.
"So, how long have you known Sherlock?" he asked. Mrs. Hudson had put a plate of biscuits on the kitchen and was nibbling on one when he sat down.
He turned back to her. "Yes, Harriet?"
"Do you remember what happened the night before last?"
Anthea ended the call, and Mycroft tuned back in. "John, are you alright?"
"When was the last time you ate?" Common question, what answer should be used?
"I'm going to KILL you when I find you," the blogger said, laughing almost too long afterward. It really wasn't funny. Sherlock was in danger,
himself that John was still there.
John laughed at the man. "Yes, I do as a matter of fact. What're the magic words?"
"He's playing sad music," John called into the empty space. "Won't eat, won't sleep. If this were anyone else, he'd be in mourning, but since he's Sherlock, I don't know what to think. He's your brother, tell me-" And here entered The Woman.
Sherlock knew something was wrong when John started checking his blog for cases. And he wasn't at the clinic working. And he wasn't casually touching Sherlock or even speaking to him at all. Sherlock had almost forgotten what it felt like without John coming up behind him and hugging him, calling him darling (he still thought it was sexy), kissing him. He felt
When Mycroft turned the monitors back on for 221B Baker Street, he saw Sherlock standing in front of John's door at 5 am. Sherlock was going to try to fix his heart. And Mycroft wasn't going to interfere again. He turned the monitor back off and left the room.
Lestrade stared at him like he was crazy. The looks got a bit irritating after a while. "There were only three."
John went quiet for a moment, staring into nothing. "I can see it." Sherlock let a few drops trickle from his eyes. He wanted to make it stop, he wanted the hound to leave. He wanted this to never have happened so he wouldn't have to see that look on John's face.
John laughed aloud. He knew about her 'herbal soothers' and found it highly unlikely a gun would be found near them. John looked sideways to see the smiley face on the wall. Who had put it there? He remembered seeing it when he looked at the flat, and Mrs. Hudson seemed to not know how it had come about either. Nothing added up. "Damn."
Clara tilted her head to the side and smiled softly. "Goodnight, Harry." Harry nearly swooned right there at the sound of her name from Clara's lips.
have to," Sherlock said bitingly. "I can-"
"Do you know what we did last night?"
Harry got to the meeting place, which, for some reason, was Clara's old building. She was wearing some nicer clothes, her usual fare for meeting the dominatrix, and almost late. Harry glanced at the clock on her mobile: 12 pm.
Clara groaned, putting her hands on her head. "No. Not anymore." Ugh, how did everything get this messed up?
"Sherlock," John said. "You better explain this, because I'm not getting it." Why did Sherlock look so heartbroken? He had been wrong since the Yarders showed up and John could see the signs. What was happening that John didn't know about? Hell would freeze over before he let this go.
"Thank you," Sherlock nodded. He stared at the letter. Printer paper. Slanted writing. New pen, flowing ink. Probably a Pilot G2.07. Sherlock enjoyed those pens. John was
John reached a hand out to wrap around Sherlock's tapping fingers. The man looked up like he hadn't seen John coming. "Why are you doing that?" he asked quietly.
Harry looked Clara straight in the eye. "I will never be able to make up for what I did to you and to me when I left you. No matter how many sorries I say, or how many times I kiss you, or how many times I tell you I love you, it won't change the fact that I made a horrible mistake and you should really let me go."
Mycroft hummed a moment, staring into Greg's eyes to try and find all the little indicators that would light up if he was telling the truth. "Can I hug you?"
"Why do you call her Harriet? No one calls her that."
Sherlock leaned over John and wrapped his arms around the shorter man. "Is something wrong, Sherlock?" John asked worriedly.
he wasn't giving away any clues. "But what do I want?" This was more than just about the pancakes now. Ugh, and pancakes were so simple compared to this mess.
"Sorry, Tom," Kate told him. "Can you find everything on your own?"
"But I can't hurt you, at least."
What the hell? "So, wait. You were using my brother to get over my brother?" Sherlock nodded. "That man last night, the one you kissed, he didn't know about any of this?"
Soon Sherlock's silver eyes opened, staring at the ceiling. He didn't speak, and John didn't either for the first few moments. "What did you dream about?" he whispered.
"You forgot the angst and two attempted suicides," John pointed out.
"Why are you thanking me? It's not your birthday," the detective pointed out. He sounded surprised.
"For one, I did. For two, at this stage, you don't want to know what I require as payment." Sherlock was surprised to see John wasn't letting this go. And he wanted a kiss, but it was an awfully terrible thing to think about when John had no idea about any of their previous more desirable activities.
"Stop it, stop it now!" Sherlock shouted. Jim made a break for it, skidding up the stairs and shutting a door, later escaping through a window. Sherlock ran his hands through his already very mussed hair and paced a couple lengths, leaving the flat and running out onto the street.
Now, a few days later, she laid awake, staring at the ceiling, not functioning well enough to work on anything for the next staff meeting and too cognitive to lull herself into drowsiness. She wondered sometimes why she hadn't gotten into bed with anyone else after Harry left her, and then answered her own question in a loop. The clock read 1:59 am, and turned to 2:00 before her screen shut off.
"First swig." John clinked his bottle against Sherlock's own, Sherlock immediately alert. This game had some very intriguing potential. If John got drunk first, which had a great chance of happening, he could get out of him whether or not John had fallen in love with him. It had been weighing on his mind recently, since John
John shook his head. He knew Sherlock, he knew how Sherlock worked. The reason why Sherlock was a consulting detective was to help people, but he didn't like saying it. He wanted to beat the villains, hang back in the shadows so only a few people would know what he did every day to keep the world turning. Sherlock had said he wasn't a hero, but John knew that he was. It was one of the things John loved about him.
Sherlock looked shocked, but John couldn't stop now. He ran kisses up Sherlock's jaw and those bloody cheekbones, and the crease in his forehead. "I want to kiss you more, but if you don't feel that way, I can stop."
John gazed around. "If Harry did this, I know where she could be." Sherlock was spared a response by a loud noise echoing from behind them.
Sherlock slowly moved a hand closer to him, but didn't touch him. "You didn't tell her anything wrong. We'll find out what the problem is when we get it out of her captor."
His brother seemed to be struggling with how to word this so the good doctor would understand, but more importantly, stop the disappointment. Whenever John was unhappy, Sherlock tried to fix it. He didn't like seeing John unhappy, and Mycroft didn't logically understand that. Why would feelings have to matter in this situation?
Soon, there was a warm spot next to Harry's arm. Not the blanket, but human warmth. It smelled like perfume, like cherry.
John looked down at the man with a gaze of fondness. He didn't know how, but Sherlock had bypassed all his doctor-soldier-brother-fighter defenses and wove himself into the heart that existed under that. Sherlock just
John woke, but didn't remember a thing.
If this was really yesterday, what had happened? Why couldn't John remember being in love, moreover, with Sherlock? He would never say this, but he missed being in love.
"Am I a mystery?" Sherlock wondered aloud. "Is that why you stay? Because I'm a puzzle? Is it because I'm different? Because I know there's a gun in your bedside table and I'm not frightened or repelled by it? Why
Clara warily stared at her. "What did you do?"
"Sherlock, why are you cleaning the kitchen?" he called.
weren't rooting for us, and for that, I thank you very much."
"Just answer it," Sherlock snapped.
"Yeah. You're very pretty." God, did Harry have less of a filter than usual? How did this day come?
That actually shut the female up, which surprised both men. "Now, back to our original conversation. Sherlock, what do you want for dinner?"
Clara smiled. "I think it'll work out," she told Kate.
John pulled him back. "What is this all about? Are you drunk? I've never seen you drunk, but have you drank anything strange? Maybe the guards slipped you some sort of sedative."
Of course, Sherlock's eyes took that moment to begin streaming tears. The doctor kissed them away, but more and more kept forming and falling. "Shh, love, I'll take care of you, don't worry," John whispered as the two men began kissing for real. Sherlock tasted like saltwater, and John slid on top of him.
"Because you're amazing," she heard a man's deep voice say when she bothered to pay attention. Johnny said something in reply to that, but Harry ignored it, because she knew that voice. Sherlock Holmes was back! Her brother was going to be happy again!
you. So I can't let you go again. Even if you want to fix things by leaving again, it won't work. I will stay with you."
The detective suddenly stood right next to John's ear. "Let's make love again," he whispered, his voice seeming to drop an octave. Did Sherlock know the complete power that voice had over John? Oh never mind, of course he did.
"Why're you bein' nice to me? I don' get to have any sort of nice."
"I'm sorry too. I shouldn't have shouted at you."
"Yes," Sherlock whispered back. "Thank you." He paused. "Goodnight, John." But John was already asleep. "I miss you," he breathed.
"Hello?"
Harry woke up to the sound of knocking on her bedroom door. "Ah'm cooooommin'," she slurred, shuffling over to the door. When she opened it, her drowsiness immediately went away.
"I am a doctor, after all." John kissed the tip of Sherlock's nose.
Sherlock looked at John again, with a different, more decisive expression. "If you're sure..."
"Yep." Harry longingly kissed her wife. "But we should get dressed first. We don't want to scare my big bro or his almost-virgin boyfriend."
"You'll find her, I know it," John said firmly. Sherlock knew subconsciously that John really thought so.
A cab drove up to the banks of the river, and John came out of it, clutching a mobile (Harry's mobile) in his hands. Sherlock pressed speed dial #1 on his calling app and put the device to his ear. John would answer in a few rings.
Harry hadn't realized it, but Irene had been a part of the relationship since the beginning.
"I wasn't really," Sherlock answered curtly.
"Alright." He paused. "Last night, I encouraged you to have sex with me, even though our agreement promised we wouldn't be doing anything beyond the grounds of pretending. I broke a promise, and I apologize for that. If you want me to leave, I will."
Somewhere that seemed really far away, a woman's voice grunted in pain. This was enough to make John have to actually open his eyes and look where he was. The person was Sherlock.
The detective didn't speak. "You still want me? In all seriousness?"
"Yes," John murmured. Tears were beginning to form in his eyes, but he was already forgetting why they were there.
"Why do you love me?"
He turned his attention away from their chest, shifting to the two's position. John didn't have to open his eyes to feel how entwined their legs were, John's head buried in the spot where the neck met the shoulder, the other's arm encircling his back protectively. He felt loved.
"Yeah?"
"It doesn't matter yet." Sherlock ran a finger over John's wrist. "How about we shop around some jewelry stores and find you a ring, and then tell Angelo the amazing news when we eat dinner there?"
Sherlock smirked, leaning down to press a kiss to John's jaw. "Probably satisfactory, considering she was away for nighttime, and an unusual amount of time the day before. But who knows?"
The doctor's first instinct wasn't to say he wasn't gay, for this one time. "He's at home."
"You're...you're not dead."
"Because I love you," Clara answered.
again?! Really? Why in the bleeding hell was that necessary? Tell me the whole fucking story or I send Lestrade and Irene after you!" Clara's eyes grew wide beside Harry.
"Love, the thing isn't going anywhere. It's not like it's going to be abducted by aliens anytime soon," John joked, pressing a kiss to the back of Sherlock's neck.
And, somehow, John began to laugh. It sounded very nice, better than music Sherlock could create, but he had no idea why John was laughing. Wasn't this situation serious at all?
"John?" Sherlock asked from his chair. His hands were poised under his chin, and dear God was he nervous. He'd been nervous for days. Ever since he realized he'd revealed his
'My first love is going on right now.' Sherlock flinched at how open his voice was.
"What's this I hear about your brother having a boyfriend?"
Sherlock sighed. "Of course, you see but do not observe. No smell of alcohol on me, and I just told you something I've never said to a single other person. Please believe me."
"No. It'll be gone soon." The detective held John close to him, knowing that he wouldn't remember for long. There were things that needed to be said to this John before the other John that he undoubtedly screwed everything up with came back. "You know, I love you. It may seem like I don't every time I hurt someone, but I do. Don't ever forget that."
"No," Sherlock answered cautiously.
John looked over, surprised, and not really happy to see her. "What are you doing here? I thought you were getting a new flat. Did I even tell you where I lived?"
you did, because otherwise my brain wouldn't have cared," Harry slurred. "Plus, you met him over two years ago, you silly boy."
No one expects a knock at their door at 5 am, least of all John Watson. He sleepily rolled out of bed, rubbing his eyes while attempting to put on a dressing gown. He'd gotten back from...wherever it had been last night (?) and collapsed on top of the covers, so he wasn't exactly in the best state to be receiving. Obviously, the person at the threshold of the flat didn't particularly care about that. He picked up his phone from the bedside table and walked out to the main part of the flat. John ran a hand through his hair, which had fluffed into a crazy mess, trying to remotely fix it before he opened the door.
"Did you get a better offer?"
"Oh," she laughed a little. "No reason to call me that."
Kate rolled her eyes. "Darling, she's worried, and slightly drunk. You should help her, even just this once."
"I don't know the rules. Can the victim kill themselves?"
"John, are you alright?" Sherlock asked. John turned to face him.
"A game-changer, a key that could break into anywhere, and it was sitting in our flat," Sherlock murmured. He knew he had to say it, but he didn't mean the 'computer code'. He meant John. "Moriarty gave clues, he gave clues when he broke into those places. He meant for the people to see one thing and me to see another. Moriarty knew what would get me in the end."
He had fallen in love with Sherlock Holmes. And he wasn't about to let him go (again). Ever.
"But I'm just a normal person," John said.
"That was John from a different time. He was sent back to that time and place, as you could probably tell from the Buckingham Palace idea. He's getting his memories back, memories of the time I was a part of his life."
"It's alright." Kate smiled slightly. "Go get her. Maybe you two can be civil after all this time."
"This man was hired to be the muscle of this operation. He isn't smart, he ran off clomping through the building so everyone would know he was there, and that is not a mistake a smart criminal makes. In conclusion, Harriet was physically kidnapped by an idiot but in the custody of someone very intelligent, however, she was taken not because of anything she did. Only letters were taken along with her, so something about her correspondence damned her." John winced at the description of his sister's fate, but Sherlock didn't seem to notice.
John bit his lip. "I think she and Clara had a talk, but I don't know how it turned out."
"Can he do that?" John asked quietly, following right behind him. "Change his whole identity?"
protect people." And somehow, the detective's face fell further. Friends. A worse word to say than that John couldn't think of, but it was too late now. He had to go.
She ended up being too drunk to walk, so Sherlock carried her. Harry knew Johnny was fully capable of taking care of himself, but sometimes she had to be the big sister and watch over him. She would make sure Sherlock Holmes would never hurt her big brother again, and maybe he would help her find Clara.
it with someone, but the right person hadn't come along until now.
"I don't want people thinking that-"
Clara shook her head. "You never change, do you? The whole self-hating, 'the world doesn't like me' crap because of alcoholism and a general lack of love concerning yourself. You gave me a speech like this a few nights ago." Of course, Harry said she probably wouldn't remember that phone call, but Clara had to bring it up anyway.
"Did you ever wonder why I got so jealous all the time? Why I drove all your girlfriends away? Why I never gave up the thought that maybe, just maybe, you would see me how I saw you?" Sherlock huffed. "I wasn't very good at any of that. But I wasn't surprised when Moriarty used you against me. The pool was really my fault, and I'm so sorry. I fell fatally for you first. Fatally because you destroyed my previous perceptions. All of them."
angel."
with him. He'd never met someone who so readily accepted his brother, and it was quite strange. Mycroft wasn't sure he trusted it.
Harry snickered. "His full name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes? What kind of stupid rich boy name is that?"
Lestrade stared at him. "Alright, Holmes, how the hell do you know that?"
"Who is it?" John knew it couldn't be him, it was the mysterious man that Sherlock hadn't named yet. But wasn't it over, since Sherlock was trying to recover?
Of course, Clara wasn't going to give up. Life would get better, she convinced herself.
"Okay, you need to pull yourself out of that fucking well you dug yourself into. Ever think that maybe my brother is falling in love with you?" Saying it was worth the look on Sherlock face. "He's not just going to throw that away when he remembers exactly who you are. Johnny may not be the best with temper, I'm not either, but he would never do that to you. And even if he isn't in love with you," Harry walked over to him and put a hand on his head, "he feels too much for you as a friend to let you just stroll out of his life."
"Hey, I found it," he said. Sherlock turned and grinned.
"Yeah right. Seriously, I will make you eat."
"Oh, sweetheart, of course you do."
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to wake you," Sherlock whispered. Harriet was sleeping upstairs; he hoped he hadn't disturbed her, too.
This was when John realized Sherlock didn't recognize him anymore. "Yeah, I know him."
Sherlock learned nothing from John being strapped to a bomb. John risked his life for Sherlock's, Mycroft deduced later, and Sherlock was willing to kill himself to save John. Caring is not an advantage, Mycroft wanted to tell his brother, but when he finally could, they were too far gone.
"Dr. Molly Hooper."
"What sort of news?"
"Stop looking at me like that. I'm not a nice person like you. You help people and I hurt them for my own purposes." Mycroft leaned back on the bar, swinging his legs around the barstool and waving his umbrella around Greg's form. "I even hurt you, and my little brother, and my brother's fiancé. So no, you're going to stop looking at me like you used to and find another pub to be nice to men in."
Irene Adler waited in the sitting room for her two lovely girls to arrive. Harriet would likely be a minute late, since it got her more punishment, which she greatly enjoyed. Clara, on the other hand, would come directly on time. It gave Irene a chance to slightly explain what she was going to do.
Yes, I did feel the need to put Mystrade in this fic. Mycroft needs love too.
"I could tell," John answered, a smirk dusting his features. He stood up. "Now, I need to get dressed. If you want your violin, you should grab it now. The music will be gone if you don't." Sherlock tried to disguise how fast he left the flat to find it.
"Sherlock."
The man responded by further intertwining their hands. He looked peaceful now, but still sad, John noticed. "I had someone. A friend." Sherlock winced as he said the word. "My only friend. And I left him, when I always thought he was going to be the one leaving me. I know it wasn't my fault, but I don't tend to believe that most days. You remind me of him, you have since I first saw you, and I thought, irrationally I know, that maybe I could treat you as well as he deserved and I'd move on."
"Hey, are you okay?" John asked gently.
And Sherlock Holmes smiled, shyly and brightly. "Kiss me."
"I don' have a car," she mumbled. "Took a cab."
When the marriage went south, Clara met with Irene soon after, crying and unable to sleep. The friends with benefits thing became more: a very good friendship with the occasional favor. They made time to go to coffee at least once a week, just talking about anything. Things were bearable for a while, and Irene was (finally) in a healthy relationship with her secret personal assistant, Kate, who also happened to be Clara's manager at Tesco. Weird.
Of course, being kidnapped was the most interesting thing that had happened to her in a long time. Especially since her brother came to save her.
"When I do what?" John's voice was difficult to hear, mostly because of the toothbrush in his mouth.
John just looked at him calmly and pressed another kiss to his temple. "Somewhere in my head says I need to. It says I need to be here."
A knock sounded on their front door. "Hey, are y'all having a party without me?" Harriet called, poking her head into the flat.
Sherlock huffed, but John knew there was something behind it. "You shouldn't."
"Whatever." Clara slid her hand down Harry's waist and across her stomach, and Harry shut up pretty fast. John secretly marveled at how easily his sister and Clara fit together, like moon and stars, like the rain and the clouds. Or, as Harry used to say, like a stripper and their pole. John had always thought that description was a bit strange, though.
"Well, isn't that just adorable!" a voice sounded from the front door. Harry waved from the opening. "Can we come in?"
"I went to a pool once. A pool a boy named Carl Powers was drowned in. Someone had wanted me to meet there. Incidentally, the killer of Carl. He wanted something from me, and he took someone to convince me to cooperate."
"Come on, Kitty. No one trusts the voice at the end of the phone." The detective went off on a long explanation of the activities her and this Brook had done, getting the story, making it real. By the time he was almost done, John was opening and shutting the nameless flat's door, becoming Moriarty in his guise of Richard Brook.
John laughed, but it was sweet and made something in his stomach flutter. Of course, that was scientifically impossible and therefore not what was really happening. "It starts with a question. Will you go out with me?"
"Alright, let my boyfriend go," John said good-naturedly after a few seconds. Harry smirked and did so, plopping on the couch and seeming to fall asleep right then and there. Sherlock let out a sigh of relief, and John squeezed his hand.
John had a suspicion that Sherlock wasn't telling the truth, contrary to what the genius thought. Sherlock always got a tiny line dented into his forehead when he lied. But why would he lie about something like that? It confused John, and he furrowed his brow, thinking. Sherlock saw that, and kissed him gently on the spot. He wasn't used to being able to kiss John whenever he wanted, so it still felt a little bit awkward.
. Shall we play?"
"Chocolate morsels?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock paused a moment. "Moriarty had a web of criminals that needed dismantling. Mycroft knew I was the only one that could do it, and so I did. I didn't know what had occurred with you until a few days before I got back. If possible, it only made my condition worse. I was a mess when Mycroft summoned me back."
Harry looked up from her spot on the couch. She hadn't moved in days, clutching her latest bottle of liquor, having left the idea of a shot glass behind far too long ago. "Clarabella, why do you stay with me?" Harry knew using Clarabella would sting, since it was a pet name she only used once in a while, but she couldn't help it.
Sherlock suddenly smirked. "You're learning from me."
John huffed. "You fucking scared me. And pissed me off. And made me find your body in a disgusting river during wintertime. And yes," John said, "I'm aware it's not technically winter yet." He leaned down to whisper in Sherlock's ear. "But through all of that, and by all of that I mean
"An apology."
"You machine."
Sherlock didn't know whether Mycroft would do such a thing, however. Erase the memories of John, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, and Donovan? The only people that even remotely cared about him? Donovan, well, she didn't really care, but Lestrade? Mrs. Hudson?
"Worrying about an alien abduction is irrational," Sherlock said. "I'm wondering how it will stand up while we're bringing it to Mrs. Hudson's flat."
"No, Sherlock, that's not what I want at all." John slid his chair closer to him, trying to ignore the scritch-scratch sound it made on the kitchen floor.
Sherlock came down first, his sheet not having moved at all. John wondered if he had a clip that he used to hold it in place. Harry looked far more chipper than she usually would be. She was not at all a morning person. "Mornin', Johnny," she said cheerfully, practically skipping to the table.
"I thought so. You'd like him, Mycroft." In what world, John's blurry mind thought, do I look anything like the picture he showed me of Mycroft?
"No, you go first," John replied, reaching across the small table to put a hand on the detective's shoulder. He looked Sherlock calmly in the face, knowing that calmness generally helped things like this.
"Clarabella, we need to get up." Harry got an idea all of the sudden. "If you do, and we explain to John what happened, then I'll do that thing I did during our honeymoon."
"Around nine pm." Yes, five hours of sleep!
Sherlock had so much to be forgiven for; it was unlikely to happen.
"Hi," the woman whispered. "I'm going to tell you a secret. But I know you won't hear me." She ran a soft hand up Harry's palm. "You can't get rid of me that easily. I still love you, despite everything that we've been through." The woman laughed. "Maybe because of what we've been through. But we'll work this out." She leaned down and kissed Harry, not enough to wake her, but enough to make her mind take notice. The woman wore lipgloss too.
"Well, then I'll have to start with Poseidon and Medusa and Perseus then. Are you sure you want to hear it now?"
John laughed. "I'll be right back." He stood up and went into their bedroom. John did actually have a ring, but he'd been saving it for a very long time, too long. It used to be his grandmother's, before she died, and she'd left it to him in her will. John had been waiting years to give it to someone, to
Harry was going to say she was so glad he was happy, since she worried about him, but then she was hit with a thought. Her 'magic power' hadn't disappeared with Clara. Johnny was in love with Sherlock.
"Yes. I do enjoy it sometimes. I have an ultimatum for the two of you."
John laid down so that they were touching all down one side. He was enjoying this very much. "Are you sure about that?" Sherlock shivered. God, why did John have to get so close? He resisted the urge to smell the cinnamon shampoo from John's shower.
"Filled with beer and lacking Clara," John sighed. "Plus, you and Sherlock need to talk about the kidnapping. He had some theories."
"That's what people
Sherlock wouldn't look John in the eyes. Last time he'd tried the whole birthday party phenomenon, well, he, by anyone's account, failed completely and totally. Not that this John would know that, but still. "I did, well, tried to do a birthday celebration for him, and then realized I'd gotten the wrong date and didn't know how to bake anything edible. That was the day I decided to learn how to do this sort of thing, but by the time I could..."
Lestrade stared at him for a minute before swearing and letting Sherlock in.
" Sherlock almost shivered at the way John said 'mine'.
John shook his head. "He isn't here, so it doesn't matter."
"Is it really brilliant?" Sherlock's question was a real wondering sort.
The sharp intake of breath from the good doctor meant the snipers had found their targets: at least three on each man's chest. His brother, much to Mycroft's pride, did not react.
The doctor nodded. "I'm sure."
The doctor looked like he was wracking his brain. "The name sounds familiar, but I don't know it. Why?"
important. But I'd really like to know what you think. Maybe. If it's alright-"
A minute passed with quiet, but then Lestrade asked, "Who on earth is Sherlock's fiance?"
Harry waited until he looked up at her. "So, I won't have to lose him again?" And God, didn't that make her little alcohol-poisoned heart pitter-patter. He loved her brother so much it made her want to hug him.
"If we get back a little early, I want to take you to bed and make love to you until we're both exhausted."
John sent the text message from his office, while a rather difficult patient with an imaginary disease that John had proved wasn't there countless times trotted out, but not before threatening to sue. Not exactly the best day.
Irrational was a term Sherlock used much more than he should for
"That was marvelous," Harry said after successfully inhaling her pancakes. "My hangover feels slightly better. Johnny, I need to go to the market."
The detective nodded. "He will. He'll probably want to hurt me, to leave me, but I deserve it. Especially after last night."
"Hello, boys," she said, opening the door mere seconds after Sherlock knocked. "Would you like some biscuits? Fresh out of the oven." She looked happier than usual, Sherlock thought. Intercourse with that baker next door again perhaps? But no flour on her dress. Hm.
Sherlock couldn't help it: his mouth fell open. He tried to skirt around most gestures that looked unintelligent, but this was John, so it didn't matter. "How can you not know?"
"Yes," Sherlock said again.
Sherlock laughed too. "Yes. We're men of danger and misfortune, if fortune exists."
"Alright, I can see your point." The doctor motioned to the couch. "Now, how about you sit down, and I'll get you some chocolate chip pancakes."
"You've got to get me out of here, you've got to get me out. The big lab, the first lab that we saw." Sherlock pulled his mobile away from his mouth and growled, louder this time.
"Goodnight, darling," John mouthed, drifting off with just that effort. Although, it was almost morning then.
"I'm so sorry," elegantly slipped from Clara's mouth as she hurried to pick up the dropped items and place them back in Harry's basket. Harry was struck speechless. As soon as she could move her lips (several moments after the goddess had said anything) she stammered, "No, it's my fault."
"Harriet Watson...!" Clara broke off, moving to wipe the teardrops from her cheeks. "You...are...notgoing! No! You can't!"
"You shouldn't want to be tied to a formerly sociopathic Freak with a penchant for dangerous experiments and deducing people." Sherlock ignored John's protesting expression at his use of the word Freak. "And yet, here we both are."
"What do you mean 'who'?" Sherlock quirked an eyebrow.
Sherlock glared at him before going down the hall.
"Ah, in Buckingham Palace, okay." John laughed a bit more, and then said, "I'm seriously resisting the urge to steal an ashtray."
John shook his head. "You didn't have to almost kill yourself. There were other ways."
"What...would you like me...to make him say...next?" The rustle happened again, and Sherlock drew in a deep breath.
He could almost hear the gears in Sherlock's mind turning. "No. I know we drank alcohol, but after the first sip everything is blurry." Sherlock sounded a bit infuriated, like the alcohol wasn't supposed to do anything that would inhibit him.
"But I don't want to," Sherlock said plaintively.
Sherlock agreed to that, curling up with his head in John's lap on the couch as soon as the movie started. The detective seemed peaceful, happy. This made John feel a little more calm. He'd been restless, just a little. He didn't know what he wanted, and it bothered him.
"I said it." Donovan gave him a cold look, like it was John's fault he didn't see this coming. "First time we met. 'Solving crimes won't be enough. One day he'll cross the line.' Ask yourself what sort of man would kidnap kids just so he can impress us all by finding them?"
The detective wiggled around a little in John's arms. "Mm. I don't want it to be morning. Mornings are boring. Nights are not."
Sherlock and John weren't drunk, nor high; they were both fully sober when they had...slept together? No, too undefined a term. Had sex? Sounded ugly to his mind, which was rebuilding, since John had the unintentional habit of running through the palace hallways like a madman. Made love? Sherlock winced. No, it wasn't that either. It really couldn't be, for a variety of reasons. Oh well, he'd find something that fit.
"I reject that on the grounds of it being a ridiculous analogy." Sherlock's face didn't get any lighter, however. John was still smiling; Sherlock was just...amazing and brilliant, and there wasn't anything in John's mind telling him to stop.
sparking between them. Not that either would admit it, aloud or to themselves.
When he got back to the flat, he found Sherlock laying on the couch, a nicotine patch gracing his forearm. "Hi," John said, announcing his presence to the close-eyed genius.
Clara swallowed, and Harry could see tears in her eyes. "I just do, Harry. There's no explaining it."
The doctor left Sherlock's (their) bedroom, and began looking around the sitting room, sliding an invisible key card through a window frame and opening the window. He inspected the outside and inside of the window, a trail of fog coming into the flat. That would be the drug, Sherlock thought.
Sherlock shook his head again, and that laugh escaped his lips. John couldn't see him very well at all in the dark, and was it ever dark. "You know what dying feels like, don't you? I felt so hopeless, so lost, John. Broken, snapped. I doubted if even you could put me back together.
As soon as he put the cup in the sink, rinsing it out, as he was sure someone would appreciate, Sherlock walked slowly to the thankfully vacated couch and sat down, rearranging the sheet around himself. His and John's relationship was surely never going back to the way it used to be. Now that
Sherlock looked more like himself when he kicked the back of Mycroft's leg. "You dated my DI?!"
"I used to be married to his sister."
"But you love Johnny! And he's alright with how all of this has been going." Harry crossed her arms. Consulting detectives could be absolute idiots about the simplest things. Jesus.
John hailed a cab outside the practice, and told the cabbie to head for 221B Baker Street. "Where's your boyfriend?" she asked, grinning. Her nametag said Liz with a smiley face next to it.
"No, he ensured it." Mrs. Hudson shook her head disapprovingly. "My husband was not a good man. Lovely when we were younger, but I figured out he'd been running a drug cartel behind my back the whole time. Nasty business."
"They never legally divorced in the first place."
"You go first," Sherlock blurted, nervously fidgeting with the tablecloth.
John opened his eyes when he found lips on his. He hadn't woken up like this since...maybe Grace. His usual conquests left before he could make breakfast, and never woke him up when they went. So who would do this?
"Yes." Sherlock couldn't say much more than that. John looked him over. The detective was obviously shaken, and John let a mischievous grin spread over his face as he realized why.
In a way, both of them were right. It was a connection, a bond, a don't-let-go-of-me-even-if-you-want-to. Sherlock knew that kind of feeling too painfully, and John did also, but it stayed below the surface.
With a sigh, the doctor pressed one of his ears to Sherlock's chest. His heart was beating regularly: BuBum, BuBum, BuBum; but it was more drawn out and slow. Sherlock relaxed completely when he slept, which, in John's opinion, was one of the reasons he didn't like sleeping. John knew Sherlock had been on guard for a while before they met, maybe distrustful and certainly wary, so sleeping felt like weakness to the detective. The doctor wondered sometimes if Sherlock's earlier love had helped or hurt him in that way.
As John heard the steps reach the door to 221B, he faked being asleep. If he confronted them now, no one would get to sleep. And Sherlock needed sleep more than anyone else. When the door opened, it opened almost soundlessly, Harry clomping to the couch and dropped, beginning to breathe slowly and slightly snore. Sherlock crept toward John, stopping right in front of him. John forced his breathing to relax, as he always needed it to when he was around the detective.
"Yes, so you'd make it out alive."
After those three awful days, John was eerily calm. When Harry mentioned the name Sherlock Holmes, it was like the man never existed in the first place. Harry threw the most painful memories Johnny had told her right back at him, but he responded with nothing more than a cold "I don't know what you're talking about".
"Oh, darling, no. It's that you and I are both severe lightweights, and that's funny."
Sherlock smirked. "I enjoy that expression on you. It makes me feel...I think people call it fondness."
"Thank you, psycho smart guy!" Sherlock gave John a sort of 'help me' glance, but John just grinned. Harry hadn't been this hopeful in months.
"Then you understand," Sherlock said excitedly. God, John wanted to sob. Why did this have to happen now, when they both were drunk and not understanding what was happening? Even John was losing what little sense he had left.
Sherlock turned around. John was first struck by how close the detective was to him. Mere centimeters of space hung between them. Second thing: Sherlock was wearing jeans. And a soft-looking t-shirt. Tight. Jeans. John had to take a few breaths. When had Sherlock lifted weights? Or done any sort of upper body exercise? This was news. Third thing: there were streaks of white powder on Sherlock's cheek. And the stuff in the pan looked like pudding.
One night, the night Mycroft saw Sherlock for the first time after he eradicated Moriarty's web, the dam broke.
It made him sad for a moment, unexplainably sad, but he shook himself out of it. Sherlock had probably gone out for a walk in the London night. He always said it reminded him, and John never pressed farther than that.
"That man needs to get laid," Harry muttered, curling around Clara once more. "Seriously."
"Third swig," Sherlock said. John nodded again. They both upturned their drinks, taking the next gulp.
"I'll get the pudding," Sherlock added. "Feel free to sit in my chair, Mrs. Hudson." Harriet would be back soon, and then she could sit in John's chair and himself and John could sit on the couch. The perfect arrangement.
"What speech? When was...?" Harry suddenly got an epiphany face. "Oh."
"Since I obviously can't come down, we'll just have to do it like this."
"A few more," John murmured. "You don't want to be tied to a veteran with an adrenaline addiction and a gun in the bedside drawer."
"I think so. I guess I just spaced out." He paused, trying to reorient himself. "Now, what do you two want for breakfast?"
Mycroft made another call. "Hello? Yes, it's Mr. Holmes. I am currently quite ill and will not be able to come to the office tomorrow. Please cancel all my meetings."
John stopped analyzing his supposed symptoms, but was in the position to go back to it. "What, Sherlock?"
When Sherlock pulled away, he noticed the grin on John's face, and knew whatever was bothering him had passed. He sighed. "How about we put the rest of this away, darling?" John ran a finger over Sherlock's jaw. "Then we can curl up on the couch and I can tell you a story."
"I may be drunk, but I'm not stupid. I mean, I'll probably forget I made this phone call, but it doesn't change the fact that my life is nothing without you. I'm sorry it took me so long to tell you."
"And just so you know," he got closer to Sherlock's ear so the policemen couldn't hear them, "that was amazing in there. You're extraordinary."
"What would I want? This is quite the opportunity to work on your deduction skills." Sherlock saw John move forward, but almost couldn't register it. He had to be dreaming, this didn't happen in his pre-suicide life.
Sherlock was so adorable. "I love you, you know?"
"I need to tell her to stop and that we both need to move on."
"Okay," Clara murmured. Tears were streaking down her face, from the words, and from Harry being so far away.
"Now dig in, both of you." John had come back with a yellow bag in his hands. Harry had three pancakes on her plate, while Sherlock had one, but once he had a hold of the chocolate chips, the two were about even.
"Sherlock?"
"If I never see another movie again, it will be too soon." Sherlock still hadn't moved from his position laying down on the couch, Union Jack pillow under his feet and his head in John's lap.
When the lights turned on in the little flat, Sherlock's eyes quickly adjusted and took in the actress. Molly had agreed to play the part of Kitty Riley after Sherlock asked her to help him, because...well, Sherlock didn't know exactly. If the detective had a better definition of friendship, perhaps he would have considered her a very good one. Molly had dressed up for the part, too. And Sherlock really had no idea why.
"Oh, and Sherlock?"
"Okay."
"Kate!" she called into the room. "I'm sorry I took so long. Molly and I..." Clara stopped short when she got inside. On the chair laid a woman Clara hadn't seen in months.
John felt a strange sense of wrongness, as if the sentence Sherlock said hadn't come out right, like he hadn't completed the deja vu. "There's something I need to do," Sherlock continued.
