"When are you leaving?"
Dean turned to look at Cas incredulously.
Had he hit his head on something?
Dean shrugged and let Kate slide an arm around Cas' waist at his other side.
Dean had tried to hide his own looks after that. He knew he was good looking, pretty almost, and he'd hated it for a long time.
“I saw you not long before you died,” Cas confessed after a moment. “I was there with Jack, and we saw you,
"You know," Dean murmured so quietly that Cas had to strain to hear him. "I can still feel you from earlier. Every time I walk or sit, or even just
Cas had never been kissed like this before, had never known that kisses could even
we'll argue about it. And I will win."
After his second change of outfit, Cas was ready to text Sam back to cancel. He'd been forced to buy some new clothes when his Grace had stopped automatically cleaning and repairing his one outfit. He hadn't known what to buy, so had gone for colours that pleased him. Bored of brown, Cas' wardrobe was now a mass of purples, blues, greens, oranges, pinks and reds. Kate had commented that he looked like her children's kindergarten teacher, which hadn't seemed to be an insult, Cas had narrowed his eyes suspiciously, but thanked her.
“Cas told me to expect you!” she greeted with a friendly smile. “I’ve saved the best table for you guys. It's really private - only the fish can nosy at you there."
said goodbye," Cas conceded. "It was over."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I swear I do nothing but bribe her all day long," Bess said, collapsing into the seat next to him. "If they're fed and reasonably happy, you're doing okay."
speech then I'm going to hang up. I really don't need to listen to that."
“You seemed to be reasonably content when I looked in on you. I apologise if that wasn’t the case.” Cas took another mouthful of his drink. How long would it take to calm his nerves? He was ridiculously on edge.
He shoved him in the shoulder. “Shut up.”
“Fuck. Maybe not ‘salacious,’ but that’s still one of the hottest dreams I’ve ever heard. Talk about suspense. I hope the real thing can live up to it.”
Castiel’s eyes searched blankly for a moment, trying to parse it out, but finally he shook his head, at a loss.
“Oh, yes,
Dean placed his, palm-up, on top of Castiel’s outstretched one. He swung the flogger in a rotating motion, letting it fall on top of their joined hands. It didn’t hurt, not at all. Instead of a short, quick sting, this flogger fell a bit slower, with more of a thud.
The dorm leader did not share Dean’s amusement. He grabbed the omega by the wrist and began dragging him toward the admin building. “Come on!”
“Well, some bakeries take it personally, you know,” Dean said, leaning in conspiratorially. “They call it spying.”
“You just want me out of the way,” said Sam, but he didn’t sound upset about it.
Dean waited up for Cas that night, compulsively cleaning his apartment and trying to distract himself with television and the internet. Nothing, not even dirty RamBast fanfiction, could hold his attention for long so he rotated through several tasks, sticking with one as long as he could before moving on to the next. Cleaning seemed to take up the most time; perhaps doing something physical was tricking his primitive brain into thinking he was having the fight he really wanted. He wasn’t a very messy person to begin with, but he didn’t think his apartment had been this clean since before he moved in.
Leaning in, Castiel ran his nose along Dean’s wrist, then surged to his feet, jerking the omega into his arms and holding him tight. “Mate,” he growled, using his body to shield Dean from the spectators as if afraid they were a threat.
“Oh, Dean…” He held him tighter and pressed his lips to Dean’s forehead. Surprisingly, it didn’t feel wrong. It was… kinda nice. Sweet. Warm. Comforting. “I’m so sorry.”
break you!” Castiel shouted, showing more emotion than he had since the overlook. His face was a mask of rage, his eyes flashing full red for the first time that night. “I’ll break you into a million tiny pieces so even when you put yourself back together the cracks will show and you’ll never,
“Good. Work hard today.” And with that, he left.
Bast looked at the angel, his eyes glowing alpha-red (thanks to the CGI team), his nostrils flaring. “Then,” he concluded in a low voice, “you know how much I really want this.”
More and more, thoughts of touching, scenting, kissing circled around and around, not giving him any peace. He’d never had such specific fantasies about one person before, especially not a man. It was slowly driving him nuts because it raised so many questions and he was positive he didn’t want to know the answers. The thought of finding out absolutely terrified him. He pushed it all down, deep down, as far as it would go.
Instead, he used his not-inconsiderable strength to roll them both over again. Dean sat up and began to ride him in earnest, his own dick standing straight up and bouncing every time he moved.
“Cas,” he whispered, “still want to live together?”
you can do is make yourself scarce for the rest of the night.”
“But I’ve never even met him and I’m so sure that we’re—that I’m—” He covered his face, clearly upset. “I still can’t say it!”
“You’re weird. Even if we had known each other back then, we’re completely different ages. We never would have gone to school at the same time.” Reaching back, he grabbed the horror movie and waved it in the air. “How about you give it a chance? We could have a movie night and make popcorn. We can make fun of the really bad acting and I’ll tell you when to cover your eyes.”
He fed Dean another bite. “I’ll take you to the real diner when we visit Illinois.”
Cas gasped as the vibrations traveled along his shaft and a dribble of pre-come leaked onto Dean’s tongue. It was sweet, like honeyed almonds. He swallowed around Castiel’s cock and the alpha’s head fell back, open-mouthed.
“Hold the door!”
“I love you, Dean,” he said, his voice a rough whisper, the simple words carrying volumes.
“Beloved,” said Cas in a warning tone. “Did you not explain to your brother the nature of our relationship?”
“Where are you going?”
“Ah, I think I see your concern, my son,” said the priest, completely oblivious.
been here, looking for a place to move in together. It seemed a million miles away.
Later that day, Dean’s phone buzzed but The Piehole was busy. He had to wait for hours until they closed and he was practically vibrating himself when he was finally able to read what AC had written.
“Leaving so soon?” said Luce with a smarmy smile. “You don’t have to; I’ll play nice. It’s almost midnight, you’ll miss the balloon drop.”
Refusing her help, he stood up on his own and backed away but he didn’t look at Dean. Naomi didn’t react to his rebuff and turned her attention back to Dean.
Leaning down on his hands, Cas kissed Dean’s lips again, trailing more kisses along his jaw to his ear. “My sweet love,” he whispered for only him to hear. “Are you ready for me to claim you and show everyone that you’re mine and I am yours? If you are, then call me by the name you gave me.”
“I’m not calling you ‘master,’" said Dean as he crawled up on his bed and sat down.
The tears leaked from his eyes and streaked back to his ears and hair. “C-Cas…” he moaned, more from despair than anything physical. He was breaking this beautiful man’s heart. And Cas was determined to break him just as much in return. It was nothing less than what Dean deserved.
He couldn’t ignore the soft command and lifted his head. Seeing those gorgeous blue eyes glowing with deep red, focused intensely and completely on him, as he bobbed his head up and down, his soft pink lips wrapped tight around him, was all too much for Dean. Hand fisting in the sheets, he came so suddenly he wasn’t able to even utter a warning, shooting his come into Castiel’s mouth, who greedily swallowed it down. He hummed like it was the most delicious treat and the sound was so dirty when coupled with the visual of the alpha’s half-lidded almost-drunk satisfaction. More slick trickled out of Dean’s hole.
“Do you like it?” asked Dean.
The doctor chuckled. “I’m not fucking with you,” he said, smiling. “You should be happy about this. It can only happen when there’s a lot of trust in the relationship. Isn’t it normal to feel ecstatic when you leave your well-being in the hands of the person you love?”
thought Dean. “They, uh… that they’re, well, you know…” Those clear blue eyes wouldn’t give him an inch, Angel Eyes sat patiently waiting to hear the punchline of Dean’s naughty joke like they were talking about the weather. He had no choice but to quietly stutter, “That they’re… s-s-sexually frustrated.”
asked Bast, his eyes bugged.
Both alphas went to their waiting omegas, Sam caressed Gabriel’s face and Cas reached for one of Dean’s hands, the other went around his ear and down to his neck. “Welcome home, daddy,” said Dean as Gabe said, “Hello, dearest.”
Before Dean could continue, Sam lumbered into the kitchen in his pajama bottoms and blue robe, his hair a bird’s nest. “Breakfast?” he asked, blinking as if he couldn’t quite believe it.
“Come here…”
The slight emphasis on the last word wasn’t lost on Dean and he huffed a soft laugh. “I still missed you, daddy,” he said, leaning his face against the alpha’s arm.
“Let them,” said Dean, holding him tighter. “Who do you belong to, Cas?”
“Mmm,” he purred, turning the ignition. “I’m gonna be so sore tomorrow.”
“Well, what do you think when you look at me?” He propped an elbow on the island and put his chin on his fist, curling his bicep as he did so to show off his muscle. Smiling, he lifted his eyebrows suggestively, doing his best to give a ‘come hither’ look.
“Cas, it’s fine—”
. Got it?”
Then he was being pulled backward, into Castiel’s arms with Dean’s back against his chest as he sat down in the chair, his knot squeezing into place. With a long groan, he came, while at the same time, Cas reached beneath Dean’s skirt and quickly pumped his cock in a tight fist.
“Are you going to do a primary gender reveal?” asked Sam.
That perked Dean’s interest. “So?”
They looked from Castiel’s back to each other in disbelief. Sam shook his head, grimly, and the message between them was clear. They were adopting Cas. Even taking into account Dean’s complicated situation with him, they wouldn’t let something like this stand. No one deserved to be locked in an attic by the people who were supposed to love them the most.
“Can I assist?” Castiel asked. “I helped make the mess.”
“What’s wrong, Mr Winchester?” Cas asked, so deceptively sweet.
“Respect his decision and nurse my heartbreak,” said Cas, instantly.
“Those lips were made for sucking cock,” said Cas, but there wasn’t any warmth behind his dirty talk now. It just sounded… dirty. “Take me deeper.”
“Why not?” he said, chuckling. “I’ve been ‘cool’ with this much. Might as well go all the way.”
Castiel pointed at the bottle. “I mean, it’s from the correct region of France. It’s real champagne, not sparkling wine.”
“I will be. As long as I have you.” He touched his chest. “I keep you in a place she can’t touch.”
Dear AC,
I won’t. I’m going to stay right here with you.
Smiling, Cas nodded. “Wherever you are – that’s my home.”
His knot squeezed wetly into place with one last hard thrust and at the same moment, Cas bit down right where Dean’s neck met his shoulder. The pleasure-pain was so intense, Dean’s vision went white and exploded into glittering stars. He was sure he was screaming in ecstasy, but absolutely did not care. Let the whole world hear.
“Jerk.”
“You’re wrong!” he snapped, angry that Cas would ever think that Dean would allow such a thing. “I didn’t
“How did it feel to keep my come inside you today, beloved?”
He purred and mouthed the spot where Dean’s neck met his shoulder, his mating gland, swirling his tongue around and over it. The omega shook violently from head to toe, instinctively lifting his chin and baring his neck, something he’d
his body…
He clarified, emphatically, “Take off your jacket and shirts.” When Bast hesitated again, he insisted, “It’s important! Do it now before we’re discovered again!”
He groaned. “A Coltcest shipper.”
“You’re quite lively first thing,” said the hottie on top of him.
“Dude, I will seriously leave you here.”
“Cas?” Dean ventured, cautiously, as he followed him down the hall.
Looking over Bast’s half-naked body, Ramiel licked his lips thoughtfully. “We… might be able to turn this to our advantage, if we do it carefully. But it all depends on you.” He picked up the clothes that had been haphazardly thrown on the ground and started handing them over in the correct order so Bast could get dressed. “We were going to have to fight our way through Purgatory to Hell’s ‘back door’ and then fight our way back out once we find Jedediah’s soul. But if you’re a demon, you’ll have abilities in Hell. You’ll be able to tell where he is. Hell wouldn’t demand a price of equivalence for removing him. You might even be able to open a direct doorway to return to Earth.”
With that hour down, dinner took another hour, and by then, the
They both bent over the island, absorbed in their tasks.
“Mm-hmm,” Dean hummed.
“Finally,” she said in her lilting accent. “You’re the last to show up for her first day, I already told her you were stuck in traffic. Thankfully, LA is famous for that.” She put her hand on the door handle. “Be on your toes; she’s pretty intimidating.”
He joined Dean on the couch with the two glasses and the rest of the bottle. “Ah, this must be your ritual,” he said, looking at the pie. “Sam told me. After an awards show, you eat a whole pie.”
“Of course,” said Rami, putting it together. “He’s the only being that could possibly wield Michael’s sword. He has an archangel’s grace and a human soul.”
Cas slowed down, moving himself side to side and up and down with his hand. Dean exhaled slowly, consciously thinking about relaxing his muscles. As he did so, the head slipped past the ring and Dean grabbed Castiel’s arm as he groaned, the sound an odd harmony with the moan that Cas uttered. Now that the biggest part of him was past that initial barrier, it was easy to slowly sink the rest of the way in. Cas fell down to his elbows, covering Dean’s body with his own, shaking as he held him close and pressed his face against Dean’s neck.
He swallowed around the lump in his throat and cleared it before continuing. “But then his appetite became a problem. New alphas are notorious for eating everything in sight, so the next time dad left and the money ran out… I stole.”
Yeah, Dean was
He turned and saw Castiel watching
Yours, AC
He licked his lips. “Green.”
“Mr Winchester.”
“Shit.” Dean exhaled hard. “We’ve
“Professionally, I certainly want to continue performing as an actor,” said Dean. “I love what I do; I love telling stories and playing characters. I love creating film and television and I want to keep doing it in some capacity for as long as I can.”
He would never, could never, get tired of hearing that. “I love you, too,” he said, tilting his head up for another kiss.
He kept leaning in, drawing Dean closer, close enough to feel his breath on his face. Was he really going in for a
Castiel panted as he continued to fuck Dean’s face hard and fast, his knot growing by the second. “I’m sorry, Dean,” he said again, breathlessly. “You can punch me later…
Castiel chuckled, darkly. “Yes, you do.” Dean shivered as Cas ran his hands down his back. “Like having sex in a kitchen while you’re feeding me the best chocolate chip cookies ever.”
“Want my knot?”
“Pie,” he said, holding out his hand. When Castiel handed the Sweet Punishment over, Dean jogged to the kitchen and deposited both boxes into the fridge, then went back, kissing him again before taking Cas by the hands and backing up toward his bedroom.
A smile bloomed on Dean’s face. “I know just what I want it to say.”
“You already get ‘Emmy Nominee’ next to yours.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” added Castiel.
“I’m in love. With an alpha. It’s Castiel Novak. We’ve been seeing each other pretty much since he joined the
“I might enjoy that.”
Until the incident with Novak, Dean had been able to ignore a whole world of things. Mostly about how it wasn’t only women that caught his eye. He just chalked that up to recognizing when someone was attractive, it didn’t necessarily have to be
Lucifer laughed. “He actually gave you a safeword?” he sneered. “Oh, that’s precious.”
“And that’s not all,” said Cas, indicating the top of the pie. “I mixed the Scotch Bonnet with a red raspberry coulis.”
Yours, Pieman
“The whatkins diet?”
Just as he was flipping on the stand mixer, a knock came at the back door, the one that led up to the apartment. Wiping his hands on his apron, Dean awkwardly dabbed at his red nose with his arm and sniffed as he walked over to see who was there at such a late hour. His mouth dropped open when he found Castiel standing on the stoop wearing his tan trench coat and carrying a white pie box.
He shook his head. “I can’t, really, not when it was such a good move, career-wise, for both of us.”
The angel rolled his eyes as if to say ‘We’re not that irresponsible, Sebastian!’ They closed the doors of the car and went around to the trunk.
“It’s okay,” Dean said immediately. “Whatever it is, we’ll work through it together, alright?” He held out his hand, palm up. “I love you.”
“I like that – magically disappearing wine glasses.”
Dean knew Sam was referring to what had happened with Nick Munroe. He’d never left Dean alone with an alpha since then, not until Cas. “Yeah, I did wonder.”
“Good, very good, my sweet boy,” said Cas, thrusting harder. “Don’t be afraid, just let yourself feel. Ahh… you’re squeezing me so beautifully; you feel so perfect.” He growled as his knot grew large enough to begin catching on Dean’s rim. “Fuck,” he bit out and the expletive falling from his lips was incredibly hot.
When? Where?
“About time you showed up,” said Dean. “Fantastic. There’s room in the final rack, right? I’m guessing the caterer for the dinner is going to need some room.”
“Really?” said Dean, looking up from the magazine.
Leaning down until they were nose to nose, Dean said, “I am a lot of things. I am an omega. I am a mother. A brother. A son. A good friend. A kick-ass mechanic. A pretty good builder. A surprisingly talented dancer. A decent cook. A better piemaker. I am all of these and more. But most of all, I am yours. Your good boy. And more importantly…” He brought his lips to the bitemark and licked it. “You, daddy…
“We encourage people to open up about their concerns and troubles, and it’s not a busy confessional day,” the priest told him, good-naturedly. “Please feel free to speak your mind.”
“It was an immediate form of stress relief,” he defended, “until I could get into alpha-therapy and learn meditation.”
Twisting his fingers in his skirt, he smiled a little shyly, which for Gabe was saying something. “It’s up in my room. I hope he likes it.”
“That tears it. We’re going on Sunday during the Farmer’s Market.”
“You think Chuck would keep you away from your own siblings?”
He nodded, grimly. “And variations as well.”
Closing his eyes briefly, he moaned softly at the praise. Before Dean’s eyes, Castiel’s nipples tightened and he’d barely done a thing. Unable to resist such temptation, he licked one then took it inside his mouth, plying the tight bud with his tongue. Cas exhaled hard, his hands fluttering near Dean’s shoulders, wanting to touch but not sure if he was allowed. Generously, Dean took his wrists, setting Castiel’s hands on his shoulders and dragging them upward to his neck before returning his focus to lavishing attention on the alpha’s broad chest. Cas took every advantage of being unrestrained and given permission to touch, letting his hands wander everywhere he could reach—down Dean’s shoulder blades and back up, tracing along his sensitive neck, and threading through his hair—all while his breathing labored and the bulge in his pants grew.
Dean straightened up, narrowly missing hitting his head on the open hood of the car. Before, he surely would have hurt himself. He turned around to see Nick standing in the mouth of the garage, just like the day they’d met. He gave Dean an easy smile.
“Dreams don’t generally leave me this sore,” he joked, but Cas was instantly concerned.
Taking a breath for patience, Dean went over and took the phone away. “Come inside, Cas.”
“Ugh, fuck…” Dean collapsed down onto the pillow.
She nodded, placing the empty glass on the table. “It’s Adam.”
down. It’s hilarious.”
Dean purred as he let the skirt settle back down over his thighs. “I don’t know what kind of mojo you’re putting in those words, but damn, I love it when you call me your good boy.”
He did, Dean breathed along with his daddy, wrenching his hand as the pain came in rolling waves. The only thing he cared about was giving birth to two healthy pups and that nothing went wrong because of the early timeframe. The next hour passed in a bit of a blur because everything all happened so incredibly fast, just pain and breathing and pushing and more pain. And cursing, lots of cursing.
He slammed the door and locked it for good measure. Thinking he might take a nap until he was needed again, Dean headed for the back of the trailer to his pull-out bed. He still had memories of him and Cas back here, but at least the scent neutralizers had taken that out of the equation. He only had his head to torment him, not his nose.
And now finals were over. It had been overwhelming to get through, but they were on the other side of it now. Sam’s response to Dean’s text of I PASSED! had been an emphatic WOOHOO! followed by dancing girl and confetti emojis. He’d called later that night to tell Dean he knew he could do it. His little brother was so proud and it felt great to have that validation, to know this had been the right decision. The best decision. When he thought about how he’d almost talked himself out of going to college because of the costs involved, it nearly made him sick. He never would have met Cas and he wouldn’t be so ridiculously happy. Now, everything he’d ever wanted in life was within sight and he supposed he had Sam and his arguing skills to thank for it. Kid was going to be a kick-ass lawyer.
On the day of shooting, Ed Zeddmore, their usual episode director who was young but talented, hadn’t told him what exactly he was supposed to be looking at—the official CGI hadn’t been decided on yet. He’d just said to imagine ‘the most beautiful thing in the world.’ In the final take, Dean’s expression was one of awe and wonder and a good bit of fear as he stared up at the sky over the barn, which was filled with white-gold light, too unnatural to be daytime.
Gabriel, Bast, and Rami went back to the convent where the hell hole had first opened up and used the rings to open the Cage while Gabriel used a summoning spell to bring his brother to them. It only worked because Lucifer felt the call from Gabriel and he still loved his brothers, but when he arrived Gabriel grabbed him, flinging them both down into the Cage. The portal closed and the rings fell to the floor.
“I’ll have to make sure you get your fill each day,” he said, making the omega shiver as he moved his mouth against his ear. “My good boy deserves many, many knots.”
I won’t. Take all the time you need.
Keeping one of Castiel’s hands in his, he reached out with the other and pulled on the curtain, revealing their brand-new sign which read –
That was
“And we’ll invite the
He opened his eyes in shock to see Castiel was still crowding him against the wall, breathing like he’d just run a mile. He could blame adrenaline for that, but what he couldn’t account for was the red glow filamenting his eyes, almost turning them violet as red striated the blue.
to go through with this. Even so, he fidgeted and picked at the label on his beer bottle while John filled the conversation with talk about work. Dean’s brain whirled, all his words trying to put themselves into some semblance of order. His mouth felt too full and if he opened it, they would all come tumbling out and make very little sense.
“Not long enough. I love you, Dean.”
Jerking Castiel’s arm, Dean swung the alpha around and dipped him backward, planting a big kiss right on his lips. After the initial second of shock, Cas melted into it, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck and kissing back with everything he had. The audience exploded for a third time, probably making everyone else in the convention center wonder what the hell they were missing out on, and by the end of the night, ‘Destiel’ or ‘DeanCas’ would be international news.
His eyes went wide. “You… met up with Crowley?”
He nodded and grabbed his brother by the shoulder, stalking down the street. “C’mon, Sam.”
.” He paused. “I just… wanted you to know that before I left.”
“Finally!” Gabriel swept in wearing reflective aviator sunglasses and a black t-shirt that said ‘Being A Person Is Too Complicated - Time To Be A Unicorn’ in rainbow lettering. “Your guests are gonna be here at any minute and I need to set up Sam’s livestream!”
I woke up with a clogged nose this morning, which means that Fall is officially upon us. I love seeing the seasons change, but I hate it when this happens because customers always think I’m sick when it’s just seasonal allergies. I’ll probably spend most of this week in the back and let someone else run the counter. Which means, it’s time to invent a new pie. All I can think about is you, which means you’ll be the inspiration.
He slowly walked over to Dean.
John set down his soda water. “Okay. I’m listening.”
Dean stepped forward, reaching into his pocket. “I don’t think so.” He took Castiel’s left hand in his. “This hand will not be wearing any ring, but this one.” He slid a gold ring onto the third finger and looked up into Castiel’s dumbfounded eyes, daring him to reject his claim. “Cas is going to be
“There are a lot of things I would expect from you, as my omega,” he said, looking directly into Dean’s eyes to show his sincerity. “But my main job as your alpha is to make sure you are happy and fulfilled at all times. If there is anything lacking in your life, I’m not doing my job. If you want to work and you need that to be fulfilled, then I will help you look for work that you find satisfying. If you would rather stay at home and concentrate on looking after our own pups, I would love that and your education here can only help that endeavor. As long as our family isn’t neglected by either of us, that’s all I ask for.”
Azrael turned to face the boy and girl, who held up the golden ball. When he touched it, the children began to dissolve into motes of light and darkness, drifting toward the Nephilim who absorbed them in waves, glowing brighter and brighter. The motes danced and swirled together until they disappeared into their new bearer. Azrael turned back around and when he opened his eyes, they had transformed to one dark with rivers of stars, the other a golden sun. Creation and destruction in perfect harmony. And… he smiled.
He nodded. “As soon as I can, I’ll come right back. We have to prepare for your heat.”
He knew that Cas didn’t want a smart-ass remark about the sheer number of panties available as a replacement in the store. Instead, Dean let his lower lip jut out a bit as he tried his best to look sexily repentant. “I’m sorry, daddy, I couldn’t help it.”
“It’s a shame, but hey, you said you were pie people, right? You still have that.”
He was kind of hoping that bit had been a dream, but Dean noticed said jacket was still draped over his chest and the hand that wasn’t hooked up to the IV was fisted in it. He released his grip, smoothing out the buttery leather. “That was… really nice of him.” He cleared his throat. “Is he still here?”
what I want and I’m not backing out.”
Dean blinked. “You did? What did you say?”
“I wish we’d known you were coming,” said Benny. “We wouldn’t have ordered pizza.”
Sam: LOL, how do you know him so well?
“Why’s that?”
“We could have just left the pies,” said Cas.
He laughed again and bolted down a little cup of sake like a shot. “Now, I’ll teach you how a veteran actor like me steals the show—”
“You know how Mike and Luce are,” he said. “They started bragging about their mates’ oral techniques and made a bet to see which omega could hold out the longest. My money’s on Pet. I hear Mike hardly ever lets Kitten orgasm, so he’s gotta be pretty desperate. Mike removed the chain but refused to let Pet have the advantage of removing the cage - pussies only. It’s an amusing challenge.” He eyed Dean lewdly. “Interested in having your omega compete? He could take on the winner.”
“Backup.”
Easing to his feet, Castiel joined Dean in the center of the trailer. His expression was guarded, probably just as much as Dean’s was. Reaching for the hem of the shirt he was wearing, Cas helped Dean to strip it off, laying it down on the jacket. With gentle hands, Castiel pulled Dean back toward the small bedroom area where the fold-away bed was already pulled open. He had the omega sit down and Cas knelt at his feet, unlacing the boots and setting them aside.
Dipping his head, he caught Castiel’s lips with his own, coaxing them to move and open for him. At the first touch of his tongue, the alpha gripped the back of his head, taking control of the kiss, devouring Dean hungrily. It tasted like blood. When they at last pulled back for air, Cas opened eyes that were fading to blue-violet.
Cas sat down and Dean followed him, sitting in his lap with his arms draped around his neck. The blue silk of the robe was cool against his bottom and he could feel the alpha’s semi pressing against one thigh, already interested just from fastening the collar. Putting his hands gently around Dean’s waist, Cas smiled up at him expectantly, but patiently.
“A lot of research and rehearsal might work for some people, like me,” Dean barreled on, covering up how flustered he was with more words, “but I don’t think that style really works for you. So, unfortunately, that means there’s not a lot you can benefit from by watching what I do.”
Cas chuckled. “Do you always flirt so shamelessly?”
“Gonna come,” he bit out, eyes shut tight against the sensation.
“If I’m going from my dreams, then I’m definitely not straight.”
Yours, Pieman
Re: About me
Cas swallowed visibly, searching the omega’s face. “Just today?” he asked, finally.
“You bet your sweet—” Gabe glanced up and course-corrected, “—hiney.”
The text read –
Texting always lost a bit of nuance since the only way to imply tone was through emojis and Cas hadn’t used any. But in his words, Dean could sense the alpha’s usual sincerity, his bald-faced honesty. Even so early in their acquaintance, Cas had cared so much, how could Dean not return that sentiment? How could he not defend such a precious man?
, he reminded himself. “…A little.”
. “It’s awesome,” Sam said, a little choked up. “Thank you.” Setting the case aside, he picked up a tall bag that featured Santa climbing down a chimney and handed it to Cas. “I, uh, obviously didn’t know what I should get you, so I figured this would be a safe choice.”
“Dean—”
that?
He hesitated before asking, “Why did you save me? How could you kill your own father when I couldn’t?”
He beamed. “Thank you. I appreciate the laughs. I appreciate everything you’ve done since coming into my life. Like I’ve said, you’re a really good friend.”
The omega’s lower lip wobbled and he turned fully onto his other side, curling into Cas, making himself as small as he could. He nuzzled the alpha’s shoulder, seeking his scent. “I’m crying because… this isn’t a dream. This is my
Dean smiled. “He’s lucky to have you. And so am I.”
“Fuck, beloved,” he rasped, rubbing the sting into Dean’s thighs with his large, warm hands. “I’m going to fuck you so hard.”
“Well, I shouldn’t put any
“Castiel
idiot. And… I love you.”
“Well, that’s sort of complicated,” said Dr Crowley. “Because it is a normal thing to happen, but it doesn’t happen to
Novak: Don’t tell him if it does, he might be inclined to return before he should.
“Can I help you?”
“Let me stay with you.”
our fans.”
Re: Penance
about my pups! You know why? Because you will
Dean bit his tongue against saying that it took a hell of a lot longer than six months to ‘get on his level,’ thinking about all the experience under his belt, but he wasn’t
Through half-lidded eyes, Dean watched Cas go over to where the pups had been cleaned off, ready to swaddle. The alpha froze, his mouth falling open as he caught sight of them for the first time. His hands moved like he wanted to reach for them, then like he wanted to cover his mouth, stopping himself both times, not wanting to risk germs. The nurses gestured him closer and it was like he had to remind himself how walking worked. The expression on his face was normally one reserved for the most profoundly holy of experiences.
“They’re amazing, Dean,” Sam whispered. “I’m so happy for you.”
“But we barely know each other. And you don’t strike me as the motherly type.”
“As if I would do such a thing,” said Crowley. “Your star was well taken care of, I assure you. I was so, so gentle. Treated him like a princess.”
“Two fingers next,” he said as if Dean couldn’t count. He worked his middle finger into the condom and began trying to wedge it in beside the first. “Get your mouth busy again so I don’t go limp waiting for you.”
“It’s… about fornication, Father. I can’t get enough of gay sex.” Dean’s eyes popped open wide. That wasn’t what he meant to say
He shook his head. “I’m not upset or in pain,” he promised. “I’m just… overwhelmed. Happy, loved, but also… exposed? I feel like I’ve been cracked wide open.”
“Hmm.”
boaluehe-el - beloved one
“It feels even better than usual, doesn’t it?” the demon asked. “I’ve opened up all of your receptor areas to make it easier for me to jam them at once. So, your whole body is basically an erogenous zone right now.”
“Really, Dean?” Castiel turned him around, holding him up against his chest and dragging the omega over to look in the mirror above the sink. He held Dean’s chin in one unyielding hand. Seeing their faces side by side made him feel even worse. “Do you see your face? Look. See how beautiful you are? Anyone who sees you will want to do bad things to you. They’ll want to see what you look like when you’re absolutely wrecked. I know because I feel the same way.”
Castiel said nothing, but Dean thought he caught a glimpse of those blue eyes in his direction one last time. Poor guy. He couldn’t leave the way Dean could and it looked like maybe that was all he wanted to do.
too lucid for an alpha with a dick this hard,” he said, wiggling his bottom on top of it.
And just like that, the biggest part of the wand slipped inside him, held in place the way a knot would be. Castiel had kept him distracted with the dirty talk, but now Dean could feel every hard inch impaling him. His channel contracted and it moved inside him, hitching up his breathing as he gasped.
“I didn’t hurt your hand, did I? Did I scratch you with my nails?”
“But mother!”
“See for yourself. He’s not looking this way.”
“Right. Do you have a picture you can send me?”
When he got to set, he sat there like a zombie, staring into space and turning the situation over and over in his head. Zeddmore had to call his name twice to get his attention.
“Oh…”
“Daddy told me a lot about you,” said Dean. “I hope to exceed your expectations.”
He wasn’t just given a plastic cup of lukewarm water to drink once he’d put in the engraving request, no, Dean was handed a chilled bottle of lemon San Pellegrino, which was a little like sparkling lemonade’s watery cousin. He remained on the velvet cushion to wait for Cas, even though the lady helping him had to go assist other people and couldn’t stay to chat. He figured if they wanted him to wait somewhere else, they would tell him. Dean just knew that Cas would be pleased to return to find him kneeling. So, that was where he stayed.
“He isn’t.”
“Cas, it’s okay,” said Dean, reaching up to caress his face, encouraging Cas to look at him and see the tenderness in his eyes. “Did I say you had to wait?”
“No. I meant what I said.”
“Doc Holliday. It was in an episode of
That made him remember Cas, as if he was coming back to reality in pieces. As Dean was orgasming, so was his alpha, filling him with rope after rope of hot come and intensifying his ongoing orgasm for a second shockwave that crashed through him. Every muscle in his body locked as he went over the next crest, then released as he shook from the sensations emanating outward like ripples on a pond.
Dean’s coffee was ready, but he was glued to the screen. What was that
alpha.
I want you very much
“So, you
“He doesn’t need a hospital, he needs me,” said Cas, his voice going a bit rough around the edges. “I’m taking him to my place, I’ve made preparations.”
“This is assault!” said Dean, getting himself up on his elbows.
“I do.”
“Where’d you get this truck?” It wasn’t Castiel’s usual energy-efficient car that Dean teased him about. There was the traditional redneck flag – a blue tarp – covering the back, tied down with bungee cords.
“You… I can’t believe you got him to admit all that,” he said. He released a shaky breath he wasn’t aware he’d been holding. “So… nothing really happened.”
“Ah, so you’re the one behind these spicy pies in our fridge.”
on Castiel’s cock as he came, draining it for all it was worth. Both men went utterly stiff, the alpha clinging hard to Dean, keeping him as still as possible as he released load after load inside of him.
“Disgusting,” said Dean, finally getting the man away from him with one massive shove. “Don’t
, the things you’ve fantasized about are pretty telling, that’s all I’m saying!”
. He would always be Dean’s pup deep in his heart. And right now, details like their age or being in the middle of a dance floor on New Year’s Eve didn’t matter in the slightest—his inner omega demanded he fend off this threat to his brother
as he looked at the heroine of the drama, played by Anna Milton. But it was clear that Dean had the upper hand when it came to acting, this guy was just too new. There was no danger of Novak stealing the spotlight from him in this production.
your guy. Well, Bobby’s the boss around here, but I will
“Someone for me to corrupt, you mean?” said Gabe, lifting a wicked brow.
The shot shifted to what Bast was looking at and Dean leaned forward, eager to see what the team had come up with.
“Is that what we are? Friends?”
Re: An idea
He was just getting into the groove of rotating the baking sheets, taking out the finished pies, setting the pecan pies on racks to cool and getting the fruit glaze on top of the peach ones while the new set of unbaked pies went in – when the knock he was waiting for came at the back door. His heart ensured his feet hardly touched the ground as he hurried to let Cas in.
He didn’t know what they were, or how to react to the touch. He was about to say something about it when Dean’s hand withdrew from his crack and went back to his cock, now engulfing his head and twisting. A primal moan ripped out of Castiel’s throat. His head spun as Dean rubbed the extra sensitive skin. It felt like his senses went from zero to overdrive in 0.1 seconds. And just as quick as it started, it ended. Dean took his hand away from his dick. Castiel whined at the loss of touch and opened his eyes. Dean was holding the showerhead and smiling, looking pleased with himself.
Suddenly, using the hand on his ass, Dean drew him tight against his body, spun them around, and pushed Castiel against the shower wall. He pinned him there, using his body as a wight and kipping him immobilized.
Now it was like he was hugged by Dean, even though it was just his smell. He tried to relax and fall asleep, but he was too self-conscious to do so. What if he snored? He used to when he was little, but had a surgery to fix it when he was eight. But it could still happen. What if he kicked Dean in the middle of the night? That would be horrible. He didn’t want to hurt him.
Castiel got up, adjusted his semi so it wouldn’t show as much, and went to the door.
“What? Why would be upset about that?” He wanted to sound nonchalant, but he knew he sounded defensive. Where did this come from? He had never told her he was gay or that he had a crush on Balthazar. Was he really that transparent? He knew for sure the girls hadn’t told her since Charlie wasn’t close with Jo and Meg.
Cas: Alright, Dean, I’ll try.
“What are your plans for the rest of the evening?” Jo asked him. He assumed she and Ash were going to celebrate somewhere, and he knew Meg’s parents were taking her to a restaurant for her favorite meal.
“To what part of the question are you answering, ‘yes’ for?”
“We just had sex, after we showered together, and now you’re messy again. I don’t know why but that thought cracks me up.”
“Hey, Cas. Ash’s parents are having a barbeque and invited all of us to join. Want to come?”
Cas: I like that, too!
He wanted to ask Charlie what her plans were when he heard Mr. Shurley calls Dean to come and get his diploma. He saw Dean smiling and shaking Mr. Shurley’s hand, and all he wanted was to stand with Dean’s family and greet him as he left the stage. He couldn’t do it, though. They were not boyfriends, not yet at least, and he didn’t want to impose. He knew for a couple of weeks that if Dean will have him, he’ll be his for as long as he let him. But he didn’t say anything yet. He promised Dean he’ll give him all the time he needed, and he won't pressure him. So, instead, he just stood there and stared.
“That’s great! We are so going to seat together on the bus!” Meg exclaimed.
“Look!” It was Balthazar breaking the silence, “They opened the skate park they were working on. Let's go check it out!”
and before he could answer Dean said “
” Dean looked up at him, his face in awe.
“What on earth did Castiel do to you that was so bad? Did he get you in trouble or something? I always thought he was one of the good guys…” Sam looked at him with confusion.
It was pleasurable and maddening at the same time. Dean was touching him, but not where he really wanted him to. Maybe Dean didn’t want to touch him that way. He then thought of a way to make sure Dean understood he wanted him to touch him, but also give him an out if he didn’t want to get there. With a courage he didn’t know he had, he whispered:
Because of you it’s all permitted
“See, I told you he’ll be alright if we just ask him directly!” Meg hit Jo back on the shoulder and looked mildly offended. “She wanted to give you a speech first about how we think being gay is great and how you can feel safe to tell us about who you like. I told her that you don’t give a shit about our feelings about you and your sexual orientation and that you just don’t broadcast it to the whole world because it’s just none of their business.”
“What’s up? Why aren’t you dancing?”
Balthazar didn’t look at him when he said that. He was looking at his food and took a bite out of it the moment he ended that sentence. Castiel blushed and had to look away from Balthazar. He didn’t want to betray just how much what he said affected him.
Cas: Trash TV!
"Yep. A month ago. Still getting used to everything. Got tired of walking alone," Dean nudged their shoulders together. "I really like your nails, by the way, the color suits you."
And at that night, when you slammed out the door,
"No, I’m not!” Castiel dramatically put his hands over his heart, gasping in mock hurt, “I just happen to prefer romantic period novels. It gives me hope."
“Here, take these. I’ll go change in the bathroom.” Dean handed him a loose t-shirt and some flowy, long pants, and went out of the room. The shirt was a bit snug on him, but the long pants had an elastic waistband that fit perfectly. Dean was also wearing a t-shirt and long pants and looked very comfortable. Dean crawled into bed and Castiel took the opposite side.
“No way, dude! There’s no way you’re going to pierce your tongue! It’s super painful.” The words were discouraging, but Dean’s tone and smile took the sting out of them.
“It feels like forever, but it started when I was ten.”
The fact was, Castiel didn’t care if Dean ever noticed him or not, he just had to see him again. He was in love with him since he could remember, and he had been witnessing strangers killing him for what felt like an eternity. He could not go on with those images scratched into his brain. He had to get some other images in there. After he would see Dean and put his mind at ease, he would be able to start figuring out all the rest.
“There’s nothing to apologize for.” He saw Dean stop playing with his pants and heard him take a breath. “I just want to understand what happened.”
“What I’m going to do next is take those tongue clamp,” He held up a tool that looked like sessors with loops at the ends, that reminded Castiel of a medieval torture device, “hold your tongue with it, put the needle from under your tongue, through the clamp, attach the barbell to it, pull it through your tongue, and close it. It’ll be over in five seconds.”
Sam was in the kitchen getting a glass of water when Dean came home. It was relatively early for Dean to return from a class party. Usually he stays until the early hours of the morning.
“Not much,” Castiel replied. “How are you?” He didn’t really want to talk to Charlie right now but he didn’t want to be rude either.
Dean: Frisky women! Yes I do
“So, I’ll get you the plain surgical steel ones, you can’t go wrong with those.” He took two balls and along with the barbell put them in a small bowl and poured what he told him was medical alcohol to disinfect them.
"You know I'm gay?" Castiel didn’t want to interrupt Dean’s amusement over his own joke, but it was important.
Cas: Dean, what is it? I’m trying to sleep.
Castiel was emotionally exhausted. He felt hollow. He stared at the wall in front of him and waited for Dean to come back. Outside the room, he could hear the kettle boiling, the clinking of ceramics and spoons, and the hushed voices of Dean and his mother. He couldn’t understand what they were saying.
The panic in Dean’s voice made Castiel feel worse. He wasn’t supposed to drag Dean into his fucked-up mass. Dean was supposed to be his happy place, not a place where he breaks down. It wasn’t fair for Dean to be dealing with that, it was Castiel cross to bear. But Dean was kneeling next to him on the floor, rubbing his back and pleading for him to answer, and he’ll never not answer Dean when he calls.
The intensity of the feelings that washed over him was overwhelming. The knowledge of Dean’s feelings towards him, the amount of trust he had about them, it made him tear up. He was glad for the fact they were still in the shower, so it was hard to tell the difference between his tears and the plain water.
Dean’s cell phone’s notification chimed, followed by Dean’s voice.
His reading was interrupted by someone flicking him in the back of the head and the sound of a bag hitting the ground, startling him out of his book. Annoyed, Castiel looked up, ready to smite whoever smacked him, but when he saw who it was, smiting seemed a little excessive. He’ll find a time to retaliate, but not now. He didn’t really want to get up from where he was sitting.
Dean started moving to the direction of the right screen door in front of them. They all followed him. Led Zeppelin’s ‘Immigrant song’ was in full blast. The floor was filled with people jumping to the beat. It wasn’t a very big dance floor, enough for approximately 40 people to dance without feeling like sardines. On the far end of it was a small bar that tonight served nonalcoholic beverages for double the retail price.
“Maybe because you’re always looking for him at lunch and then smile when you spot him? Or because you stare at him when he’s not looking? Or maybe because you’re always a little sadder on days he’s not at school? I pay attention, you know, and you’re not as subtle as you think you are.” She sounded stern, but there was a twinkle of amusement in her eyes.
“Oh god, yes!”
’ He knew who the better choice in his opinion was. As much as Benny was a decent looking guy, Dean was superior to him in everything. But he didn't want Meg to pick him. It was a selfish thought, and he knew it. Dean will treat her well and make her feel like the queen of the world, and she deserved it. He didn’t know Benny that well, but he saw him purposely make her feel small and dumb.
The kiss started gently. Dean, still holding his face, pressed his lips lightly to his. Castiel pressed back, making Dean sigh. Dean’s lips were soft and wet. His heart did a small flip in his chest. His first kiss was with Dean.
And I would look at your face and I would say:
Meg shrugged and got back to her phone, leaving Castiel to look around some more. There were more students from their year sitting in different rows. As more came, it looked like they were gathering around their friends and creating the usual cliques.
“I don’t know what to tell you. It sounds like some kind of gray area rape to me. We talked about it at school the other day. Theoretically you had a choice, but think about it – did you really? With everybody around you, could you really say no?”
want more. We are going to compare them and then see which one is better.”
“Anything for you, Angel.”
"You wanted me to help you shower, I’ll help you shower. Tip your head backwards so I could lather your hair."
Castiel didn’t know he was especially patient with Dean, but all he could think of answering was: “Of course”.
Dean stopped trying to lift Castiel's head, and instead wrapped both his hands around his curled-up body in a big hug. He started rocking them back and forth. The movements were pleasant, and Castiel felt, more than heard over his sobs, that Dean was also humming some tune. He felt the vibrations from Dean’s chest on his back, where he was draped over him.
“It is ridiculous.”
He agreed to play. He wanted to play. You can’t say he wasn't a sexual person, far from it. He wasn’t a virgin. He had sex with a fair amount of females. Not with the majority of the cheerleaders like he let people think, but with some of them for sure. Usually he didn’t have a problem with new experiences; he would try anything at least once. He thought he would watch several of his classmates perform some minor sexual acts, hear and utter some confessions, maybe give or get a kiss or a blowjob. From that to being fully penetrated in public by a guy was a bit of a stretch, to say the least, no pun intended.
He flipped through more pages.
Dean came back, also wearing a t-shirt and long pants, and looked at Castiel. “Looking good in my clothes, Cas.” He remarked as he crawled into bed. Castiel didn’t know how to react to that, so he silently got into the opposite side of the bed, hoping Dean didn’t see the blush he felt spreading through his face.
”. Hanna looked at Dean’s hand and than at Cas with a puzzled look. “
Cas: Aw, Dean
“Why are you doing it again?”
“You can touch me. Please.”
“I’m fine, thank you. Not looking forward to tomorrow though. Physical rehab centers creep me out. Seeing kids with scars and missing limbs, I can’t imagine how they feel. I use my body for all that I do, it sounds so hard to get used to basically a different body.”
Was he raped? Dean wasn’t sure.
"I’ll take that in mind if I ever try reading it.” Meg said with a laugh. “You know I like the Stephen King kind of books better."
They slid back to eating silently. When they all got back to the bus, Meg asked him in a teasing voice:
“These old things?” Ash wiggled his waists, sending the suspenders, that were hanging down from both sides of his pants, to all directions. “Found them in a garage sale along with my army boots.”
"Yes. Why wouldn't I be? It's not like I don't swing both ways. And even if I didn't, I consider you one of the guys, I don't care about that,” Dean answered nonchalantly.
They had three more meetings before the trip. They learned what to expect, how to approach the subject, and how to help each other through it all. A week after the last meeting they were off to see kids their own age in hospitals and rehabilitation centers.
After that? I guess we’ll see what the music is like. We can dance together if you want to or we can dance next to each other or not at all, like we always do, okay?”
He was crying harder now.
As those images ran through his mind, he could feel himself drifting through the air, the wind caressing his non-existing skin. It felt good, pure, like a memory Castiel wasn’t sure was his. It felt soft, promising, like a kiss. Like the first kiss he never had.
“Tell me if I got it straight,” He was starting to get a headache, and they didn’t even start, “You want both Benny and Dean?”
“I think you’re confusing funny with ridiculous. It’s supposed to be a respectful ceremony.”
I like nature
“I was in the middle of rearranging my room when you called me earlier, so there is a pile of stuff on my bed—including nails and books and clothes. And it’s late and I'm tired, but I can’t really go to sleep when I get home. Kill me now,” he groaned.
While Dean got up to get the wallet, Cas removed one of his shoes and freed one leg from his clothes, not bothering with the other. This way he could get dressed faster if they’ll get caught. Dean was back with the wallet and Cas fished the small disposable lube packet and the condom he always carried with him and handed them to Dean.
He tried to stand and felt fine. He tried to take a step and felt fine as well. He walked a bit around the studio and didn’t feel any dizziness or lightheadedness.
Yes I knew that I would love you to no ends,
His anger was simmering inside him without direction but at himself. He hated himself - he hated his body; how awkward he was. He was chubby, and he lacked coordination. Thing that other people looked graceful doing, even as simple as walking, Castel looked stiff and unnatural. Too often, he had found himself wishing he could just disappear or found himself dwelling upon thoughts of death and dying. That was the time he started wearing all black, because colors had no meaning anymore. He was ten years old at that time.
Cas could feel his own face hitting up when Balthazar chimed in. “
“Cas! You almost gave me a heart attack! Sure, have a seat. Where’s Anna? You told me you’re both participating.”
Cas: Bacon cheeseburgers?
It was Sunday, a month into their last semester of high school. He and Dean were sitting in Dean’s room, watching some YouTube videos about a guy shooting weird things in his ranch with pistols and rifles. The ache in his soul was bearable throughout the day, and the guy in the videos was funny, so Castiel didn’t see the storm coming.
Anna.”
“I don’t care.” He was so nervous he couldn’t make that kind of decision.
Cas: Love bees, oh, yes I do
Dean: Trash TV
Dean: Yeah but, just tell me something you like, Cas.
“No, you’re alright.” Dean put his arm over Castiel’s shoulder in a tight hug “Your sneakers are fine. Don’t ever change.”
A few minutes after he left, Dean came back with a mug in one hand, a plate of cookies in the other, and an aroma of honey, ginger, and cinnamon around him. He gave Castiel the mug of tea, put the plate next to him, and set on the floor facing him.
Benny was a new guy from her homeroom class. He joined their group after Dean befriended him at one of his free periods. He was shooting hoops by himself when Benny caught the ball after one of Dean’s failed attempts to shoot through the hoop.
Dean was taller than he was, but not by much. He had beautiful big green eyes and thick lips. He had sharp cheekbones and a strong jaw. He was thin but well built, with accentuated muscles in his arms and legs.
If it'd happen again, I would do it the same,
“I didn’t tell my parents I won’t be home for the night, and they’ll kill me if they wake up in the morning and I’m not there. Also, I don’t have anything to sleep in and I hate sleeping in jeans. And I don’t have a toothbrush.”
Castiel went to the reception desk, where a girl with a face full of piercings and arms full of tattoos was talking on the phone and typing on the computer. She looked at him and mouthed “Just a second” to him. After some more typing she hung up the phone and smiled at him.
“Dean! Stop teasing! I’m ready, get in me!”
I lost the light in my eyes but my heart would not stray.
Castiel and Anna walked together to the first meeting of the delegation. They didn’t walk to school together in the mornings, mostly because Anna preferred to walk alone and left much earlier than he did. But now it was just the two of them, so Anna was fine with it. She did tell him, though, that she will not sit next to him, or anybody else, during the meeting, and that he should find someone else to sit next to.
But I like you
Castiel didn’t answer. He stuck out his pierced tongue, smiled, and walked past them to where Rufus was waiting for him so he could pay.
All thoughts of anything vanished from his mind as one of Dean’s fingers crest over his hole. A small touch, not a press or a tug. A finger going over a ring of tight muscles on its way from under it to the rest of his crack. For some reason this touch felt more intimate than anything they’ve done so far. Touching his dick was a sexual act, yes, but it could always be brushed off as teenage curiosity. It was just touching the outside, like an arm or a butt cheek. Touching his hole felt like more than that. He couldn’t really explain it. It was like stating an interest in Penetration. He considered penetration as something he only wanted to do with a boyfriend, not just with a friend with benefits or with a fling.
Dean: Bacon cheeseburgers!
“Na, you love me!” Dean said and started washing soap off of Castiel’s body.
It was Dean’s turn to arch an eyebrow.
Blue eyes? Disappearing? Did Dean think he was a ghost?
Castiel inhaled the good smell of the tea, and then took a small sip. The tea was hot, but not too hot to drink. It was sweet and comforting, and it warmed Castiel inside. They set there in silence for a while, Castiel sipping his tea and nibbling a cookie, and Dean looking at Castiel with worry written all over his face and waiting.
They traded a few more soft kisses, then Dean, probably emboldened by the continued sexual activities, pressed Castiel against the shower wall with his body and started kissing harder.
Balthazar. I’m gay, and I do happen to think Balthazar is stunning. But I was definitely gay before knowing he existed.”
After the initial shock, Castiel burst out laughing. That was the last thing he expected to be asked about, and leave it to Meg to ask so bluntly. God, he loved Meg. He tried to calm himself enough to talk. He took a couple of deep breaths and dried his eyes that were watering from his laughter.
“You skate?” Dean asked. Castiel was baffled for a second about Dean’s question, and then remembered that Dean wasn’t with them all those recesses when Balthazar went on and on about his skating abilities.
I knew you were thinking of me for a while.
This time, Castiel did notice when Dean stopped touching him and stood up from his crouching position. The view of his shoulders changed to the view of his very close face. It was so close he could count Dean’s eyelashes if he was not otherwise occupied with staring into his eyes. After a minute of staring Dean broke the silence, but not the stare. “I didn’t clean your back yet.”
Yes it wasn't that good, it was bad to no shame,
On school the next day, Castiel took Dean aside.
Saying to himself that it’s not a big deal, and for it to actually not be a big deal, are totally different things. He got in the bathroom, saw Dean silhouette through the closed shower curtain, and froze. Dean was with his back towards Castiel and was scrubbing one of his hands with the other.
He felt bad about that. He felt like an inconsiderate person. He saw kids injured and suffering. He saw his delegation friends, including stoic Victor, cry. He saw Anna being alone and refusing company. He saw Balthazar seeking his friendship and support. He saw all that, but at the end of the day it was Dean that was on his mind.
Castiel listened to his friends, the two most important people in his life, make plans to go with him even when they didn’t like each other. It made the pain in his heart settle a bit. He was important to them as well.
“And who is the enemy?” Meg asked while Jo sat on the stairs next to Castiel.
He was looking at the sky when the memory hit him. It was one of those stormy evenings they used to have when summer was coming to an end. Mr. Winchester was absent for two weeks and Dean was left, again, to watch over his younger brother, Sam.
Cas: Well now, Dean
At one of the stops along the way, he and Dean got into another of their silly banters, shoving each other and trying to soak one another with water from their water bottles. Castiel got the upper hand at some point and stood over Dean, who was lying on the ground, and poured what was left in his bottle on him. They were laughing so hard they almost missed that everyone was starting to move again. Castiel helped Dean off the ground by holding his hand and pulling him up to a standing position. Dean thanked him and then said on a teasing voice:
"Are you coming?" Dean said and his smile grew bigger.
“So, you want to make a list of pros and cons for each one of them and decide according to the results?”
“Come on, man, don’t do this. Don’t hide. I love you too if that’s what’s making you uncomfortable. Please turn around.”
“Yes. God, I want you inside me so bad right now.”
Castile was disappointed to hear that Dean, and also Jo, won’t be joining the delegation. But at least he had Meg to seat next to, and Victor and Ash as entertainment.
In my simple trench coat and the tie I can't tame,
“Well,” Meg sat on the other side of him and put her arm over his shoulders, “you’re lucky to have found us. Now you have people to talk to about boy stuff.” She turned to face him. “So, who are your top five celebrity crushes? And you’re not allowed to say Brad Pitt—that’s a given.”
Dean took Castiel's dirty clothes from the bathroom floor, opened the room’s door, winked, got out, and closed the door behind him.
Sam couldn’t stop the huff of laughter caused by that comment. Dean’s reputation as a heartbreaking conqueror was not for nothing. He immediately felt guilty for laughing at Dean when he was in a crisis, but one look at Dean reassured him that he also saw the humor in that sentence.
“Hey guys! Cas, why weren’t you in the library? I was sure you’d be there,” Jo said with a pout.
And then to your house, in a night full of dread,
“I’m fine, considering what we saw in there. Do I really look that bad?”
“Oha… You covered yourself up. Pity. Garth gave me your keycard. I hope what I picked for you is all right.”
That made both girls laugh. Castiel smiled to himself. He really liked his friends. A feeling of gratitude filled him. He had friends who looked for him in his free period and wanted to be with him. Which made him think, “Why were you looking for me?”
He would feel embarrassed by how quickly he was going to come if it wasn’t for the knowledge of what Dean made him go through in the shower, and the fact that Dean’s reply to his broken sentence was:
The line of students was organized by an alphabetic order of the student’s last name. Castiel joined Anna in the middle of the line. He had to let go of Dean’s hand. With ‘Winchester’ as a last name, he had to go almost to the end of the line.
Disappointed and heartbroken, Castiel decided to go to his old room before… what? He didn’t know what he would do now. All he wanted was to see Dean, but he was gone. Maybe Castiel will travel the world searching for another sign of him. Maybe... Now, though, all he wanted to do was lie down in his old bed and cry.
Dean was so absorbed in himself, he didn’t notice Sam was there until he heard him ask:
Dean didn’t understand why Novak took his fingers away until he heard the familiar sound of a condom packet being opened. The realization of what was going to happen hit him at the same time he heard Novak's question about wanting his cock. He was so on edge that he didn’t care anymore. Novak was asking permission, in a very degrading and humiliating way, and was waiting for him to answer.
“Shit! I don’t have any clean clothes here, they’re all in my room.”
"Dude!" Dean laughed while disconnecting the detachable shower head from its perch on the wall and blindly handing it to Castiel so he could wash the shampoo off of his head, "I smelled you after gym class, you definitely stink!"
In our poverty, when you were all filled with wrath,
In his rush, he got there before Dean, but didn’t have long to wait before he saw Dean coming down the hall, followed by two other guys Castiel didn’t know. When Dean spotted Castiel, he smiled bright enough to rival the sun.
“I don’t know. Hard. Emotional. Exhausting. Definitely Exhausting. I feel like I didn’t sleep for a week.”
"I suspected, and now I know for sure."
“This is me,” Castiel said, gesturing at his building. The apartment he lived in was older, but well-kept.
The question snapped Castiel out of his thoughts.
The bed, where he was sitting, didn’t feel safe anymore. He let himself slide to the floor; his knees tucked under him as he curled into the smallest ball he could manage. He rested his forehead on his palms and started to cry, forgetting Dean was there until he felt a warm hand rubbing his back.
Sam arched one of his eyebrows after hearing that.
Castiel felt mortified. Did he get it all wrong? It could be. An erection is not an indication of want. He should have known that. He should have asked for permission, just like Dean did from the moment he got in the bathroom in what seemed like a lifetime ago but was probably only 10 minutes. Did he ruin their friendship by assuming something that was not there? He had to apologize and get the hell out of there. It took less than a second for all of it to run through his mind, and he was just about to say he was sorry when it registered in his brain the Dean was talking.
Castiel really wanted Balthazar. Not that he was going to do anything about it - he was far too afraid of rejection. Why would Balthazar, or Dean for that matter, want him? He was chubby, he was clumsy, he had no sexual or romantic experience, and overall, he was still a freak. Not to mention that he was mostly still in the closet. Better to just forget about it and keep on pining in silence.
"Yes, don’t we all want a knight in shining armor, hm? Though I like mine to be without the armor and preferably covered with oil." Meg winked at him and wiggled her eyebrows suggestively. Castiel's face turned a little red at the thought of oily men, especially of one particular oily man with blue eyes and dark brown hair.
Why beat around the bush if you can say it as it is, right?
At the side opposite to the entrance were two thick plastic screen doors, that if he was correct in his assumption, led to the Classic Rock and the Heavy Metal floors. He couldn’t guess by the clothes of the people coming in and out of those doors which was which, but it didn’t really matter, he liked both genres. At the other short side were the restrooms, marked by glow in the dark signs.
The problem was that when Castiel listened to Balthazar talk, he felt that his way of thinking is not really connected to reality. Balthazar was not stupid by any means possible, but his ideas were out there, and he felt like they didn’t really connect. It made him sad, because he looked really good, and it felt like maybe he was into him as well.
“Like you look any better!”
“I’m not feeling bad that you need to make me feel better. I told you that we’ll figure it out and that we’ll not lose each other. It didn’t change.”
“Nothing to apologize for. Try to count your breaths or something, it should help put you to sleep.”
Did Dean want Meg? He knew Dean liked her, he told him that much. He also knew that he liked tickling her or lifting her in the air when she wasn’t paying attention and scaring her. But Dean just loved to touch, and Meg was physically small which made her an easy target. Right?
Sam gave him a worried look.
It didn’t make him feel any better. His heart was aching. Double aching. It felt like he got shot with arrows to the heart twice. He felt alone and betrayed even though he had no reason to. The one he had a crush on didn’t need him. The one he loved didn’t need him.
Cautiously, and with a tiny glimmer of renewed hope, he approached the book, which under closer inspection turned out to be a leather-bound notebook. Hesitatingly, he opened its cover and gasped. Mary Winchester was smiling at him from a photograph tucked into the cover. Dean was here. With trembling hands, Castiel turned to the first page and started reading.
Castiel only lived a few blocks from school, and for once, he found himself wishing the walk was a little longer so he could spend some more time talking to Dean.
“Fine, you whiny baby, I’ll go get my towel from the bathroom.”
Balthazar called him yesterday and asked if he was free to come with him to the hair salon in the morning. He was free, so he agreed. He wanted to spend the day with Dean, but he had to leave really early to get his adoptive uncle, Bobby, from three towns over, which was a long drive.
The fact he was naked in a room that wasn’t his own made his shiver as anxiety started to bubble up in his mind. He covered himself with the side of the blanket he wasn’t sitting on and stared at the closed door.
My body is burning, screaming to retreat
Castiel stopped abruptly, turned on his heels, and walked to the bathrooms as fast as he could. He wanted to run, but it was too crowded for that. He passed next his friend but didn’t stop when they gestured for him to come. His eyes filled with tears and he almost crashed into someone that exited the bathroom because it obscured his vision.
“I don’t think I, alone, can help you. I think you should go see Mrs. Hanscum tomorrow. I’m sure she could help. I can come with you if you want.”
Castiel leaned to the touch and closed his eyes. He felt Dean's thumb caressing his cheekbone while warm water spray washed soap off his body.
“What do we do from here? How do we act around each other at dinner and at the party? Do we stick together? Do we dance together? I don’t know how I am supposed to act now. I don’t know how to be us now.”
He thought about piercing his nipple. He liked pierced nipples. But the thought of having a shirt rubbing against a raw pierced nipple made him feel uncomfortable.
"Shower." Dean didn’t even blink when answering, and then added: "You said you would help me." With that he spun around and started walking towards his own room.
“Me too… cum whenever you like.”
“And you want to choose one of them.”
“It was. I was.”
Both: Still we’re awfully lucky
And I knew: my death would come from your hands
Castiel stopped breathing for who knows how many times already. Dean loved him. And he said it so freely and openly. Like it was a given thing. Like it didn’t change anything.
With an amused huff he did as he was told, tilting his head backwards to give Castiel a better reach for his hair. Castiel put some shampoo on his hands and started working his fingers through Dean’s soft wet hair. It was a strange feeling, washing someone else's hair. Not knowing if your touch is too firm or not firm enough.
” She didn’t look mad, so he just smiled, taking Dean’s hand and pulling hi, into her apartment. “I found him at the pub and decided to adopt him. Dean, I forgot to tell you Hanna doesn’t like to be touched. Hanna, Dean is harmless.” Hanna closed the door behind her and followed them, still looking confused but also amused.
Dean said yes. He gave his consent to this loud and clear. Now he was not sure if he said yes because he wanted to cum or because he didn’t want people to make fun of him on Monday. He knew he could push past the jokes about him being a cock slut or moaning like a whore by saying that he was man enough to take a dick. But to be called a coward? He couldn’t let that happen.
Since when were he and Balthazar so intimate? Balthazar had even called him “Cas.” Not that Castiel minded. On the contrary, he always wanted to talk to him more than just saying “hello”.
Castiel put the portfolio back on the table and stood up. “That would be me.”
“Not a problem. I’ll see you at school tonight. Bey!”
He didn’t want to go back to his room naked or wrapped in a towel. What if someone was in the corridor? That would be so embarrassing. But he also didn’t want to put his dirty clothes back on, that was just disgusting.
“Do it!”
“Nah, brother, don’t be like that. Victor and I are going to the movies later. You’re invited to come with us.”
Dean snapped his head up from his shoulder and looked at him once more. He studied Castiel’s eyes like he was searching for something, and then his face changed from questioning to awe and admiration. Still holding Castiel’s ass with one hand, Dean watched Castiel’s eyes as he moved the other one between them.
” Suddenly, Dean’s face changed from a frown to a mischievous smile. “
When they left Hanna’s place it was 1 am. He didn’t even noticed how fast the time flew by. He had so much fun. Dean was the first to go through the door, and when Cas started to follow him Hanna stopped him and whispered “
“No, thanks, man.” Dean glanced at Castiel for a second before continuing.
To Meg’s disappointment, Benny didn’t want to come. Because they were 8, and none of them wanted to drive there, they called two Ubers. Ash, Jo, Meg, and himself got in one of the Ubers, while Dean, Victor, Charlie, and Balthazar got in the other. Dean didn’t really like Balthazar, but it seemed that he tolerated him for Castiel’s sake, after they came back from the delegation as friends.
“Bu-Ahhh!”
“Yes.” Castiel answered excitedly. “My parents are even paying for me
"Where?" Castiel was sure he only read for five minutes, not two hours, and that they had nowhere to go until 19:00.
Three days later Balthazar came to math class with a bandage on his own right eyebrow. Later that day he showed him it was a red banana pin with ball closures. It was very pretty. Unlike with Dean, the piercing didn’t make Balthazar look badass. It made him look more elegant. When he asked him if it was painful, he answered that “It wasn’t as bad as I was expecting, but it definitely hurt.”
“What’s wrong? Angel? talk to me! What happened?”
He opened his eyes to see his joy reflected in Dean's face. He wanted to kiss him, but they still didn’t have a label for their relationship and definitely weren’t public, so he refrained from doing so. Dean came to him and gave him a side hug.
The bell rang and they went to their separate classes.
Castiel tried to stay engaged in their conversation about a T.V. show they all watched and partly succeeded to distract himself from the growing ball of uneasiness in the pit of his throat. When his friends decided to go dancing, he opted out by saying he was tired.
we?” Cas said a little louder. “What am I to you now? Is this just a one-time thing? Just to satisfy your curiosity? Or are we something more?"
“Whatever you say.”
Was he really asking what Castiel thought he was asking? Was he asking him if he wanted to come as his boyfriend? It didn’t really matter. Even if he didn’t, and only wanted him to come to celebrate with them, the answer would always be the same.
You’re a town, I’m a wasteland
In the weeks that followed, Dean started to act a little different around him. Nothing changed in their dynamic when they were with the rest of their friends. But when they were alone, which was not unusual by any means, Castiel noticed that Dean was more ‘touchy feely’ than before. He started to physically lean on him when they sat next to each other and took a habit of resting his head on Castiel’s belly when an opportunity presented itself.
All through the first part, Dean and Castiel whispered comments to each other about what was spoken, or about the speaker themselves. The whispers were followed by bursts of muffled giggles from either one or both of them. When they announced the intermission and called for all students to get behind the stage, Dean shot up from his seat and pulled Castiel up, holding his hand. On their way over backstage, Dean didn’t let go of Castiel’s hand.
Cas was not sure how it started, or who was the one to initiate it, but at one moment they were laughing and at the other they were kissing. None of them were hesitant, it went from nothing to tongues in mouths in a split of a second. Cas had his hands on Dean’s ass, squeezing. Dean was stroking Cas’s back with one hand and his side with the other. After a few minutes of kissing and touching Dean stopped his ministrations. “
“Why did you stop?” He walked back towards Castiel as he spoke.
“Yeah?” Dean’s eyes lit up again.
“Dude! Your tongue is like the size of a hockey puck! It almost fills the whole of your mouth!”
Dean and Lisa, the girl from the club, dated for almost two months. All that time Castiel tried to be happy for Dean. Lisa was nice, from what he could tell from Dean’s stories. She attended a different high school but lived close enough for Dean to see her every other day.
Your loneliness is turning to a mark of Cain
“No problem man. See you at dinner.” And he left without waiting for another response.
“Ah, is Cas still there?” Garth said from outside the room, “Meg called his cell phone. I didn’t answer, but I thought he’d probably want to have it with him.”
Castiel blushed and looked at his nails. He’d worn his favorite color this week, a deep blood red.
Dean’s smile grew bigger. “I’m going to kiss you now if that’s okay, and then we’ll get to the party and go with the flow.”
“I’d go with blue. What was he thinking?”
“Well, you do know me.”
For it was clear to me like the thunders and rains,
But be him my witness, the lord with all might.
“Hear what? I hear nothing but the sounds of recess. Nothing out of the ordinary.”
“Come here Castiel, Sweety.” Dean’s Mother smiled and beckoned Castiel to enter the living room as well. “How are you?”
Castiel let himself float up in the air. He closed his eyes, like he remembered from Dean’s story, and let his thoughts drift to better times. He saw Dean’s eyes, deep and green and shining. He saw Dean’s smile, warm and sincere as it lit up his face and made his eyes crinkle. He saw Dean’s body, tall and toned and young.
Nevertheless, Castiel helped her with the task at hand. After about an hour the lists were complete. They both had the same number of pros according to Meg, and Benny had more cons than Dean, but not by much. The thing that was the most important was the last con on Dean’s list. It said: “He is not Benny”.
Feeling a little embarrassed by his attempt to speak and the reaction of his friends, Castiel nodded and decided that
Dean: I like bacon cheeseburgers
With rain wetting my lips in a cold autumn night
Dean sucked what sounded like a pained breath.
“You are my brother, Dean, and I care about you. If something is making you feel bad, I want to know about it, even if it means hearing intimate details about you. I don’t, on the other hand, want to know where one of your classmates' tongue had been. Do you see the difference?”
While Castiel was assessing the room, Dean walked straight to the shower, not closing the door behind him. Castiel wasn’t sure what to do with himself. He heard Dean moving around. Heard sounds of fabrics and metals being tossed to the ground. Heard the sound of a shower curtain being pushed aside, and the sound of the running water being disturbed by Dean going under the spry.
When he opened his eyes, he was outside. The street was strange, old brick buildings with iron railings surrounded by high fences. He didn't recognize where he was; he had never been here before. The sky looked different from the one he remembered. He remembered blue summer skies at the Winchester mansion, grey cloud-covered skies or pink, red and purple skies of sunsets. But he did not remember ever seeing a brown, smoky sky. It scared him. He needed to get going, to get as far away from where he was right now. He needed to find his family. He needed to find Dean.
He stopped walking and looked around. Dean stopped when he noticed Castiel was not walking next to him and turned around.
After a few minutes of gently lathering shampoo through Dean’s hair, Castiel accidentally tugged on it. He said a quick "Sorry" at the same time that Dean uttered a quiet moan. Not sure if it was a moan of pain or pleasure, Castiel decided to tug Dean’s hair again, just to see what would happen. The filthy sound that followed that tug was definitely one of pleasure, and it shot sparks of arousal through Castiel’s body.
She added more columns to the table, and all Castiel could think of was ‘
True to their word, Meg and Jo were still dancing at the same spot of the dance floor. Next to them were Ash and Victor. Joining them, Castiel looked around for Dean and Charlie.
Dean put the hand not currently occupied with fondling his balls on his shoulder and squeezed it. It was a simple gesture, but it reminded Castiel that it was Dean that’s touching him. Dean, who cared about him and his wellbeing, that he stopped several times already just to make sure he was alright. It was Dean, the one that he loved so much, whose fingers are now traveling from his sack to his perineum, gently caressing the delicate skin. It filled him with joy and dread at the same time.
Both the things they were saying made Castiel insides feel warm and fuzzy. He loved the way Meg saw through him and knew the way he thought about his sexual orientation and the world. It made him feel like he was being seen by his friend for who he was and being accepted for it. He also appreciated Jo’s respect for his privacy and free choice and her willingness to provide a safe environment for him to come out at his own pace. He was really blessed with good friends.
He was disturbed from the sights of the ICU, sure, and he was tired, but he hoped he looked decent enough.
“Yes, sure. When?”
After two hours of working, he was tired and hungry. He decided to take a break and continue rearranging his room afterwards.
Both: Yes I do
“What are you laughing about, you asshole?” Castiel wasn’t sure if he should be offended, so he decided to say it in a casual tone and see what came next.
"’Jane Eyre.’ It took me six months to get through the first 100 pages, but after that, it’s been a week and I'm almost finished. I can’t seem to stop reading.” Castiel smiled as he remembered the events of the last chapter he read. “So much worth the slow beginning."
The pain was too much.
By the time Dean helped Victor and Ash, Castiel’s parents were ready for them to leave. Castiel located Dead and waved him goodbye. Dean waved back with an apologetic expression on face, and then Castiel was pulled by his father to go home.
Dean: Well, Cas, you know
instead of saying yes, he whispered between them "What are we?"
The door opened and Ash and Victor came in. He waved at them and nudged Meg with his elbow to make her pay attention.
“No. I mean Yes! But no. “
Castiel was finishing a conversation he had with Jo, so when he got to the room Garth was already in the shower, singing something Castiel didn't recognize. Knowing Garth took forever to shower, he got his book and started reading from where he left off the night before.
“Did you chicken out?” Dean asked at the same time Balthazar demanded “Let’s see it!”
He nodded.
“What’s wrong with people knowing something is different? Like you said, something is different. We got to know something about each other that we didn’t know before. We are closer now. I trust you, and I know you’ll never hurt me on purpose. I feel, especially after what you let me do, that you trust me too. And I hope you know I’ll never hurt you on purpose. And I don’t care if others could see that. We are better together.”
"Did you bet on anything?" Castiel huffed in amusement.
“Stop it! He asked me how I was holding up, and I asked him the same in return. That’s all.”
Castiel kept on flipping through the pages of what he now knew was Dean's private diary. He felt wrong doing so, but if there was a clue in there on where Dean was now, he had to find out.
The day after he learned he was going to be a part of the delegation, they were all sitting together for lunch. Meg and Jo were talking very loud about something that one of the teachers said. When there was a pause in their conversation, Castiel saw his opportunity to change the subject.
Cas looked at Dean with shock on his face, but than Dean started laughing, and everything else just disappeared from his mind. All he could think of was this amazing laughter sound, and those bright green eyes that were now staring at him and shining. This night is going to be very interesting.
Besides, Dean was right, if he wanted to rinse Dean’s hair without soaking his clothes, he needed to get in the shower. And he did need to shower as well.
He sat on the couch, took one of the portfolios, and started flipping the pages. Dean and Balthazar sat on either side of him, sandwiching him while they looked through the pictures.
Jo was blonde and beautiful. She was wicked smart - by far the smartest of them all. She loved Physics and Computer Science. Jo dreamt of being a scientist, though she could easily become a model. She was also inexplicably fascinated with knives. She had a knife collection that would put best of chefs or the best of hunters to shame.
And I envied for you and in the darkness I waited,
The auditorium was full of people. Students and family members looking around for places to sit. Castiel’s family was already seated: Samandriel set to his mother’s right, his father set between his mother and Anna, and he set to Anna’s left. To his left set the family of one of his classmates, Dumah. He studied the room. He saw Charlie sitting with her family four rows down and to the left from him. He saw Jo’s and Ash’s families sitting next to each other, with Jo and Ash in the middle. Everyone could see Balthazar sitting in the first row, hot pink hair a splash of color, as his parents try to avoid people’s stares.
So Dean did know who he was, and had a crush on him??? He thought Dean had never noticed him. He tried so hard not to be noticed. And still... Dean wanted to talk to him, to be his friend. But he never asked him to help with the Impala. Castiel turned the page, curious to see why.
Cas: I like PB&J
“Cas!” Dean exclaimed when he saw him coming. “I wanted to talk to you, but everybody needed help and then you had to leave.” He walked towards Castiel and gave him a hug. “I missed you so much.”
“Well, she’s over there, but she told me not to talk to her.”
” He said while still holding his cock firmly and nothing more. Cas looked up at him and saw he was not sorry at all, he was smirking. he wanted to say something when all of a sudden Dean got up on his knees, pulled Cas’s cock out from under his pants and underwear, bent forward, took the head in his mouth, and sucked - hard. Cas’s brain short circuited. The sensations of
“Stop laughing and give me something to wipe out this mess with!” He was still laughing as well, but the feeling of drying cum was starting to make him itchy.
“I didn’t know how. About a year ago I drew a big male figure with charcoal on an A3 paper and wrote the word “Help!” above it in big black letters. I put the drawing on the floor of my room, right in front of the door, which I left open. My parents saw this and asked me to close the door, because the drawing was unpleasant for them to see.”
Dean then inched even closer, put his arms around Castiel’s waists, and slid his hands up to the back of his shoulders. They stayed like this for a few seconds, Dean looking into his eyes, practically hugging him, with his hands not moving from the back of his shoulders.
At the exact time the meeting was set, Ms. Mills, the head of the delegation, entered the room. As she was about to close the door behind her, Balthazar pushed it open and slipped in.
Dean: Cas? Hey, Cas? Cas?
Meg and Jo got up, took their bags and started rushing to their next class. Castiel put his book back in his bag and, shaking his head at the girls, began walking in the opposite direction to his next class.
He didn’t know if Dean heard him get in, or just sensed his presence, but without turning around or looking at his direction he said:
holding up?”
“Now. Get ready and call me when you’re next to my house so we can walk together. We’ll get Victor along the way. Jo is already there and Meg is on her way.”
The man extended his hand towards him, so Castiel took and shook it. “My name is Rufus and I'm the piercer here. I understand you want your tongue pierced?” When he nodded, Rufus continued. “Ok. Come with me.”
That I'd come to your house when you shut both your eyes
"Because I want you to have my number. Text me before you leave for school tomorrow and I’ll meet you here,” Dean replied while typing something in his phone before” Obey Your Master” played from Dean’s back pocket.
He let the hot feeling of embarrassment fade. It was, in fact, a very funny situation. Giggles bubbled up through his overcrowded mouth, and soon he joined his friends laughing, teary eyes and all.
A small huff escaped Castiel. Dean really knew him well.
He remembered deciding to take his math homework outside, sit under Dean's window and do it while humming the tune 'Hey Jude' (he remembered Dean saying it was his mom's favorite song) in hope that it will make Dean feel better. Castiel smiled to himself; apparently it worked.
“I’m 17 and three months.”
“Cas?” Dean sounded concerned “can you open your eyes please?”
“Thank you.”
He cried in Dean’s arms for a while, feeling seen and secured.
“Not since we started dancing.”
“Heh?”
“Both, if that’s what you want.”
Dean got up from the bed and made a show of walking the three steps to get the towel, giving Castiel time to admire his ass.
“Great! Let's go. I’m beat as well. Time to get some sleep.”
Dean was also surprisingly tactile, often bumping into or nudging Castiel. A few times, he’d even but his hand on Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel hadn’t experienced this easy physical contact and affection before. Although he enjoyed it, Castiel knew it was unusual for two people who had just met to walk this close together, to be this easily affectionate. Fine, Castiel knew that, but Dean didn’t seem to mind the lack of personal space, so he stayed as close as he could.
Castiel took the change of atmosphere as a sign they stopped playing and turned away from Dean in order to hide his reddening face.
With arousal running through him in the direction of his groin, Castiel closed his eyes and nodded. He held his breath and waited for Dean’s touch.
And the same worn suit that I got to my name,
"May I kiss you now?" Dean sounded so hopeful.
“Have fun yourself.”
Thinking about Dean. That he could do. Maybe it would work. He had nothing to lose.
“Of course, they were very delicious. Although everything I ate here so far was delicious as well.”
Castiel felt his heart drop to his stomach. Meg wanted Dean? He didn’t see this coming. He saw how much she wanted Benny’s attention, always taunting him, but never Dean’s. Then again, Dean gave his attention to everybody, he was just that kind, so Meg didn’t really need to look for it.
“Okay,” Castiel agreed. “See you in fifteen minutes.”
“Sorry. I’m just used sleeping in my own bed. I’ll try to think more quietly,” Castiel joked.
“I can’t live like this. I don’t want to live like this. Please just let me die…”
Castiel spent their walk explaining what he did and how he’d thought he’d have time to clear it all up before bedtime. Dean seemed amused by the whole ordeal.
“For this. For us. For being patient with me.”
Castiel felt like his friends are each in their own bubble, and he’s left alone. Luckily for him, Balthazar was more than happy to keep him company. He started spending more time with him on recesses, talking about the new theories Balthazar was thinking about, or the games he was playing on his computer, or about skating. Castiel would mostly listen to him talking, and answer questions if he was asked, but he hardly talked about himself and his world. He was content to just listen to Balthazar unique thought processes and drift. It took his mind off of Dean and Lisa.
“In my opinion? It hurts less than the hold of the tongue clamp.”
He sat next to Dean on the bed, and they spent the time until dinner watching You-Tube videos and kissing.
But not from a stranger – it would come from you.
—something Castiel had never experienced with anyone before.
“It’s perfect.” He said and stood up to start dressing up.
Dean only nodded. He wasn’t sure he had the energy for this conversation, but he knew it was important. Besides, he started it.
“Yeh, Benny is right, the more the merrier.”
“So, come sleep in my place. It’s closer to here and my bedroom is clean—sort of,” Dean grinned. “And the best part is that it’s nail-free.”
Dean: Oh come on, Cas, just one. Just name one thing that you like okay? Name just one.
“Will it make you feel better if I told you, I don’t know what’s going on with anything right now?” It was good to say it out loud.
“You have such great taste in celebrities, so why Balthazar?” Jo joked. “He is so… I don’t even know…”
“Shoo, oco aa uu.” That didn’t sound like what he wanted to say. Mortified, he tried to say something ales.
For it was clear to me like a pod and its peas,
“I’m going to ask you a tough question and I need you to tell me the truth, OK”?
Then he peered further down. There it was — Dean’s cock. It was hard, standing up and dripping water from the shower. It had a nice dark pink tone, the same color as Dean’s nipples, which Castiel saw plenty of times. It was on the bigger side of average, a bit thicker and longer. Not small but also not intimidating. It was perfect in Castiel’s opinion.
“Yes” was all he said, not moving his eyes from the beautiful erect sign of Dean’s arousal. With his now free and clean hands, Castiel started reaching for it. Dean stopped him on his way by holding his wrists and pinning them next to his body.
You’re a town, I’m a wasteland
“Cas? are you with me?” He heard Meg calling him.
“I apologize for sounding like a broken record, but – What?! Why?!”
The week ended, and the bus stopped at the school parking lot in the early afternoon. Among the parents that waited for their children, Castiel spotted two other figures in the crowd. Jo and Dean.
Cas: Yeah!
Castiel closed the door and looked at his cell phone. He had one missed call from Meg. He looked at the time, it was half past six. They had some time before dinner.
“May I sit next to you?” He asked.
Castiel’s cock jumped at that suggestion, and suddenly he was hyper aware of all the parts of Dean's body that were touching him.
The first day of the trip was spent mostly on driving to the lake, hiking to a lookout point and back, and settling in the lodgings.
They got back to the lodgings around 17:00. Dinner was at 19:00, and after that they had a party planned out for them, so they had two hours to rest and get ready. They got to their floor and each went to their own room.
It was glorious. It felt like Dean put everything he got to this blowjob. He was licking and sucking, using his hand along with his mouth. At some point Dean pulled Cas’s pants and underwear down over his thighs and was fondling his balls, spit dripping and making everything slippery and hot. The spit slick hand moved from his balls to his perineum, tickling him, and he felt a finger gently circling his hole. Cas was panting and groaning, Dean’s finger teasing and pressing against his hole.
Cas: Nature!
Castiel didn’t want to go back to his room, but he didn’t know if he wanted to join Dean either. So, he stayed where he was for now. The thought of being in the same room with a naked Dean got him hard, and he didn’t want Dean to feel awkward. He also didn’t want Dean to see how awkward he felt. He has never been with another naked man in the same room before. Never seen another naked man in real life. Dean was lean, sculpted and tanned, while he was chubby. This whole situation seemed so absurd.
Dean slid his fingers up Cas’ neck and into his hair, scraping his nails along his neck until Cas shuddered violently against Dean’s body as it pinned him against the wall.
. Looking was a mistake. Cas' body was deceptively muscular in ways Dean hadn't prepared for. He was a nerdy Angel who usually wore nothing but suits - Dean had gotten glimpses sure, but that was usually when Cas was injured and Dean was distracted and worried sick about him. This was something wholly different and Dean was reminded that Cas was a soldier, a warrior. Seeing underneath his clothes it became breathtakingly obvious.
Then he walked slowly to the car, dread weighing heavily in his stomach as he slid into the car next to Dean.
Cas knew that his questions were more than a little bit revealing, but his spine was prickling with a discomfort he didn't really understand. Not exactly jealousy—something else? Fear of losing Dean maybe? He shoved it down and grabbed a piece of bacon between his fingers.
in love at the moment that Dean had started sleeping with his TV on to drown them out.
“That’s what I thought at the start,” Dean said, and even without looking up Cas could feel Dean's eyes on him. “But I’ve had plenty of time on my own to think, and I’ve realised that it isn’t that at all.”
“Not an answer, Cas.” Dean shoved up the t-shirt that Cas had only just put on, pushing it as far up as it would go, exposing as much of Cas’ chest and stomach as he could. His head dipped low, his mouth ghosting over Cas’ skin, gentle bites and licks following a line from his hip to his nipple. When he paused his exploration to lathe Cas’ nipple with his tongue, Cas arched off the bed with a loud and desperate cry. Dean swore he could come from that reaction alone.
"In the end it was Mary who made the decision for us. She wanted to be with him, you would have wanted her in your Heaven, so he's there too. I'm still unsure that it's the best thing to be honest. Jack seemed to think you needed him, and he did like to use that all seeing, all knowing thing against me."
"My dad insisted we went into the diner for a birthday celebration the next day. Josh was there, his face black and blue and he couldn't look at me. I didn't blame him either - I couldn't look at myself."
"Will you tell us another story, Uncle Cas?" Gertie's eyes widened in a plea and Cas melted. Maybe it was best he didn’t have children—he wouldn’t be able to bring himself to say no to anything they ever asked for.
"I chose him over
"Oh, lay off with the threats. I didn't touch him. Despite our differences, I did once have a modicum of respect for Castiel, if not for his soft-hearted allegiances. But the same can't be said for others of our number. He blundered about and drew too much attention to us. He's been dead for months."
"Kate is a good friend, but I'm not interested in her in that way, no."
Once again I'd like to say thank you to ValandraEvans and especially Masonic, who attempted to tackle editing this chapter on its very first (messy) draft, and survived to tell the tale.
“That wasn’t what I was thinking, no.”
"Don't get too cocky - it took you long enough to work it out and even longer to lure my foolish, suicidal brother here."
"I would come back to our room with food for Sammy and I'd shower until the hot water ran out. Then we'd watch comedies on the shitty motel TV and I'd tell Sam all about the poker game I'd won, or the pool game I'd hustled. It was like it had never happened. It's still like it never happened."
Night times were the worst. He could still smell Cas' fading scent on his pillows, on his sheets and he refused to change them. He felt like a lovestruck teenager, except of course, he wasn't lovestruck. He was missing his best friend and he was a horny S.O.B. That much he could admit.
“Bedroom. Now.” Fuck dinner. They had a microwave. Besides, it would take them ages to sort out the kids and Cas was fairly sure that neither he or Dean were going to need very long to finish this.
"And what if we never leave each other's sides? What if we end up in Heaven together for an Eternity and you never get him?"
Dean nodded and took Cas' beer out of his hand, taking a long drink before handing it back. He made sure their fingers brushed lightly as he did.
"Chuck fished him back out of Heaven and gave him a body! He didn't recreate Cas' soul, because you can't do that! You'd never get it exactly the same. I can make a copy—someone who sounds like him and talks like him, but it won't
“What?”
Dean groaned. "I know. Fuck, Cas. Me too. Come for me - I want to hear you."
"A little prematurely," Eileen said with affectionate exasperation that seemed to be her go-to emotion a lot of time when she talked about Sam.
"I like the idea of it. I just never realised
"I do think she's nursing a bit of a crush on you. She talks about yours and Dean's relationship a
"Yes, you're positively haggard. I don't know how you drag that ancient carcass of yours around without pieces of you just falling off. How we manage to have sex at all with all your aging body parts, I just don't know."
"He's in here," Amara taunted them. "Screaming at me to let him out. He
Dean frowned. “It's really similar to having a local anaesthetic," he tried to describe. The sensation was strange - feeling Cas touching him, but getting no other sensation at all from the touch.
"A few days. I'm unsure. Time is different there."
Dean, who had had twice as much to drink but was half as drunk, rolled his eyes at his lightweight brother.
"I'm at the Rock Garden on Friday night," Dean offered. "We could have a drink after."
Cas' sweater was on the floor in a colourful heap of wool, but Dean wasn't done. He slid his hands down Cas' sides until he reached his waist, and then he followed the belt round to the buckle at the front. Cas' hands came down to stop him, resting his own hands on top of his.
"I know. I know, Cas. I want you too. You have no fucking idea how much."
"I'll think of your dick every time I do," Dean gasped, bucking back against Cas' fingers.
Once the bathroom door shut behind him  and he'd peeled the material away from his skin, Dean dropped the underwear into the laundry basket. It took him four strokes to come, and when he did it was with Cas' name silently on his lips.
"What?" Sam asked at the indignant look on Dean's face. "You are mopey! Mopey and sulky."
“It’s not that,” Cas said, picking up a slice of cucumber and nibbling the edge of it. “I’ve still got enough Grace that I’m not quite human, and I can still taste all the molecules in everything, all at once. I’m stuck with simple foods until it runs out entirely. What I really want is a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I was given one last time I was human, and I was so hungry at the time that it felt like the best thing I’d ever tasted. I tried one last week and it tasted like something you would feed to Miracle.”
"That's not warm and welcoming,
"Guys," the bathroom door opened, and Kate came out of it, her eyes bloodshot and puffy. "I'm sorry. I'm just going to go."
?" Sam asked in disbelief.
"Kate is coming to the wedding," Eileen told him conversationally, and a little too casually for Cas not to be suspicious. "She has a lot of good things to say about you."
Trying to speak before he'd properly caught his breath, Dean staggered unsteadily towards him.
He finished the set, thanked everyone for the beer they’d bought him, and breathed a sigh of relief when he stepped into the back room and could check his phone again in relative privacy.
"What? You've ordered pizza? Didn't you talk to Cas first? I spent hours making this!"
“Cas, what are you wearing?” Eileen asked, obviously having the same sort of thoughts Dean was having about what Cas may have spent the night doing, although Dean hoped not quite as vivid and filthy as his thoughts had been.
stay here and talk about where you were for the last twenty minutes. This time without you lying like a five year old who's been caught with his hand in the cookie jar!"
The knowing smile and familiar travesty of a wink from Cas brought Dean back to himself with a jerk, and he felt his cheeks colour in embarrassment as he finally heard Rowena, somewhat impatiently this time, asking for the rings.
"Stop being sorry." He threw an arm around Cas' waist and pulled him to his chest to give him a reassuring half hug, careful to keep his own hips as far away from Cas' ass as possible. "I don't know about you, but having a boner is generally not the best state to be in for falling asleep. Maybe you should, uh… take care of the problem?"
"It's not just that I'll have to face my dad again. It's not even that part of me wants the wife, the house, the kids and barbecues in the backyard, because I can't have that either way. I can't be with
"Or you could just try now?" Cas suggested with a shrug. What was the worst that could happen? They got through whatever the world threw at them, they'd get through anything Dean had to say.
“I don’t deserve
Dean shrugged off his coat in the back room, greeted the guys and took the beer that Luke was holding out to him. He was sure he’d participated in some sort of banter, because he could remember laughing, but he couldn’t have recalled what was said if his life depended on it. He just wasn’t in the right headspace. Then he was up onstage, guitar in his hands, performing to the cheers of the already half drunk audience.
Cas flinched as Dean's large, warm hand covered his. Gentle fingers slid over the back of his hand, threading between Cas' own, locking their hands together. Dean's hand was slightly calloused from all the work he'd been doing on the house, all the sanding and building. Somehow it felt even better against his skin than before.
The paralysed drops of rain broke on his body, leaving little wet patches on his clothes and face as he walked, but Dean paid them no mind. His eyes were on Cas, not seeing anything else. Cas. His Angel. His best friend. Not gone, not dead - he was here.
"Good and evil, both set free?"
Being with Cas again was a mixed blessing. In one way his presence was always like a soothing balm to his soul, making him feel calm, less angry, less on edge. But at the same time it was pure torture not to be able to touch him, kiss him, and he was sure Cas felt the same way. He’d seen him sneaking glances at him, he’d heard the catches in his breath when they’d touched. He wasn’t imagining it - Cas wasn’t as unaffected as he was pretending.
"No." Dean pulled a face that he wished Cas could see.
"As much as I love being dragged into a good old Winchester spat," Cas said, "I need to go in a minute, and Dean was going to ask about your plans for Thanksgiving."
"Yes," Cas replied firmly. Then, carefully setting down his snowman gift bag, he stepped closer to Dean, finally,
Dean looked over at him, assessing, blatantly calculating how Cas would likely react to something, the words he wanted to say not quite reaching his lips. Cas waited, and it didn't take long.
As day turned to night, Gertie had climbed into his lap and snuggled in, sleepy and warm. Cas smiled, dropped a kiss onto the top of her head and carried on telling her about the time Gabriel had created and filled the garrison with cats purely in order to harass Balthazar.
“What?” As Sam spoke, the trees around him blurred and faded, until nothing was left but the wind, the rain and Jack, standing calmly in front of him.
"I know I've made mistakes," Cas said softly. "The last thing I wanted to do was hurt you. If you want to shout at me, get your anger out, I deserve it. I owe you that." .
"Wouldn't want him catching Gay, hey?" he added with fake cheer that rang hollow even to his ears.
"Stop telling me it's okay for me to leave you! You're not being fucking subtle. Stop it! I know I haven't said it, but you've got to know by now that—"
"Yeah?"
"This isn't quite the sort of help I meant," Cas protested. Dean's proximity was making him even more flustered and clumsy.
Cas had reached out to pick up Dean's unused swan napkin and was turning it around slowly in front of him. Then his eyes widened.
"What do you think? Do you think I should go out and get laid? Get it out of my system? Who's a good boy?" Dean rubbed Miracle's belly.
"Yeah, well things are different now. I've got you, and I want to have that family by the lake, fishin' and drinkin' beer on the dockside, waking up to your ugly mug every day. It's all I fucking want, man. So if I hunted again, I'd be careful. Dammit, Cas—I feel so useless doing nothing."
"I hear you ordered the lasagne, good sir?" Sam lifted up one of the plates and beamed at him.
The urge to close his eyes and lose himself in the song was intense, but he needed Cas to see, needed him to know that every word of this song was for him and him alone. Dean lost himself in the feelings that overwhelmed him, his confident, deep vocals filling the room.
"Alright, Amara. I know you're playing Big Brother, watching my every fucking move. We need to talk."
“What do you mean, apparently? He’s either in The Empty or he’s here and free, right? I haven’t seen him once over the years, and there have been a few times I’ve prayed to him just in case he could hear me.”
Cas shrugged. "I wasn't talking about April. What happened between you and I might not have been sex, but it was intense, and… and I'm making you uncomfortable, aren't I?"
"Tell me you don't feel this?" Dean whispered hoarsely in his ear. "Tell me that this doesn't do the same to you as it does to me, and I'll walk away, Cas. I'll walk away and never push like this again, never even mention it again."
"I was starting to worry, man. You had until I'd finished cooking breakfast, and then I was waking you up myself."
“Now, Cas.” Dean’s command in Cas’ ear sounded almost feral and Cas felt his breathing speeding up in response; that commanding tone did things to him that it really shouldn’t.
Dean's eyes shot open, his heart stuttering in his chest. He started to shake his head in denial, to tell Cas not to say it, that he couldn't feel that way, not now that he knew everything.
"Yeah," Dean nodded in agreement. "And you looked like you were sitting there with a stick up your ass."
Folding his coat and placing it on the floor next to his shoes, Cas climbed back on top of the covers, his arms folded grumpily.
Dean stared at the selfie of a beaming Cas posing with some deformed spiky palm tree in a pot. It looked half dead, wilting and missing half its leaves. Dean began to fear for the welfare of Cas' future ugly chicken cat.
The first time he’d dropped in on Dean was no more than a few days after Jack had pulled him from The Empty. He’d not thought about what he was going to say, he had just known that he needed to see his friend so much he had ached with it.
Katie's look of pride changed to one of suspicion.
"Being in love? It's terrifying! You're not in control, they can break your heart, you could lose them in a million different ways. You've been hurt so many times, right from losing mom, all the way to losing Cas. And I
"Tell me," Dean demanded again, finding Cas' nipple with his mouth and circling it with his tongue, revelling in the way that Cas whimpered desperately and arched his back against his touch. "Tell me you want this."
"Guitar," Cas called after him, and Dean swore again, loudly this time, earning himself a tut of disapproval from the old lady.
"Dean, I've only just got you back!" Sam pleaded with his brother.
Dean sighed softly into Cas' neck. The feel of it sent a shudder through Cas, and Dean's arms tightened around him in response. They held each other quietly for so long that Cas would have thought Dean had fallen asleep, if not for the movement of the hand that was slowly stroking up and down his spine through his coat and jumper.
"I want him back, Amara. Give Jack back to me - I'm guessing you've already absorbed his powers, you don't need him anymore."
After a moment Cas took a deep breath and smiled gently.
Dean sighed.
If Cas hadn't been head-over-heels in love with the man in front of him, it would have been an excellent idea. Two best friends, enjoying spending time together, both with similar interests. Well, Cas could tolerate cowboy films for how excited they made his friend.
Reaching out, Cas allowed himself to run his knuckles down Dean’s cheek in a caress. It wasn’t a kiss and it wasn’t enough, but as Dean leaned into his touch, Cas felt his lips curving up in a smile.
"Well no. She accused me of being a love-sick sap."
Cas sat up. "Take your t-shirt off."
Hearing his name choked out as Cas came seemed to lift his already intense orgasm until it was crashing through all of him, filling him right to his toes. His muscles clenched so hard that it hurt as his body bent, his back lifting off the bed. Pleasure mixed with discomfort in such a mind-blowing combination that afterwards Dean was surprised he didn't scream loudly enough for his brother to come running in waving his other shoe.
"If I could get you to agree, I'd spend every single minute of every day doing this with you." He stroked Cas' cheekbones with his thumbs, smiling gently. "I know I can't be what you deserve, but this means something.
” Dean admitted out loud. “I know that, but he doesn’t care about that. He wants me anyway.”
At first Cas had been touched by how lovely Dean was being. He'd kept her glass filled, lent her a sweater when she got cold, asked her thoughtful questions about herself that even Cas didn't know the answers to. He was attentive, charming and kind. And it was at that moment, with Kate wrapped up in Dean's too-big sweater that hung off her arms like it belonged to a scarecrow, that Cas realised he was wishing she'd never come.
"Yello'?"
“Dean, please…” Dean’s face was crumpling and Cas wanted to wrap his arms around him and never let go. Cas was in front of him now, but he couldn’t remember having moved.
him inside him.
He could tell Cas was getting close by the way he was becoming less and less coordinated, his thrusts going slightly too deep even though Dean could tell that Cas was trying desperately to stay in control. His mews of pleasure and his cries were getting louder, less coherent. Dean lifted his own hips in time with Cas' thrusts, not able to stop himself and knowing he would need barely a touch to come.
"You're my best friend, man. I'm so fucking grateful for you," he finished, holding Cas' gaze, trying to make him see how much he meant it.
my Heaven."
"Alright," Dean soothed, wrapping his hand around Cas and stroking him instead. After rewarding himself with a few minutes of Cas' low moans and desperate whimpers, Dean stopped and slid his fingers lower.
“Are you alright?” Eileen asked him, sitting down next to Dean with her plate piled high. She surreptitiously eyed his modest plate of food. “Bit overwhelming having Cas back?”
"More," he moaned against Cas' cock, and he could have cried when Cas' thumb slid past his lips and into his mouth instead. He sucked it desperately, trying to show Cas what he would do to his cock if he was just given the chance.
Dean lay back on the bed, shifting up until his head found the pillows. He slid his hands under them and watched Cas expectedly, laughing when Cas practically tumbled onto the bed to straddle him.
Cas forcefully kissed his way up Dean's chest and neck, his teeth grazing his pulse point, making Dean groan and his hands spasm helplessly against Cas' back. Dean clutched at the material of Cas' shirt, pulling him up with it, so he could reach his mouth, needing to taste him again. Cas' mouth was like a damn addiction—every moment they weren't kissing just built up the craving, until Dean was sure he'd die if he didn't have it, if he couldn't feel those lips on his again.
“It’s alright Dean, I feel like I should free myself of this burden.” Cas' eyes were wide and earnest.
in fact bite."
“You didn’t sound like you were putting it behind you when you were talking to Cas last night.”
"Pretty much, yeah."
"I'm fine," Cas said sourly.
Cas nodded. Yes she was, but behind the books was a bit of an odd place for Kate to hold an impromptu counselling session.
Dean reached out and pulled the cord on the bedside light, plunging the room into complete darkness and Cas felt even more overwhelmed by Dean's closeness. The music drowned nothing out when they were this close, and Cas could hear every breath, feel every movement, breathe in nothing but Dean.
Sam gasped loudly and dramatically. "You hussy!"
"Hey, I don't know if the plan is to out yourselves as a sort of wedding gift to us, and believe me, Sam especially would appreciate it after putting up with your eye fucking and flirting all this time—" Eileen grinned teasingly. "But you're meant to be on stage telling us how perfect we are for each other?"
talking man in front of him, Dean marvelled at the way each compliment, each and every sentimental, beautiful observation made him feel like he had butterflies in his stomach. Other people had made him feel embarrassed and awkward when they’d flattered him like that—it had always seemed empty and forced, designed to manipulate, to get something out of him. But when Cas said these things, Dean believed he meant every single word.
What way Dean had meant those words was irrelevant - romantically or as a friend, it didn't matter, because for someone who had never truly felt wanted by anyone in his very long life, hearing those words from Dean's lips had been like an affirmation. It meant everything.
, Cas."
"What?" Dean frowned.
Despite his thoughts and without even realising it was happening, he began to relax a little, the constant presence of Cas like a balm on his raw emotions, soothing and healing. Throughout the ceremony, Dean had barely been able to keep his eyes off the angel—
Dean ignored Cas' question. Something in him didn't want his hands free, but telling Cas that right now would just add to the shame he already felt coursing through him.
"This is what I mean about leaving this lifestyle behind. Our first Thanksgiving and you turned it into this!"
"You guys defeated daddy-o, and I figured you'd want to help again, as this time the Goddess Almighty has taken your blue eyed boy hostage. Not to mention the fact that Cas is our brother and he needs our help."
"I'm permanently annoyed with and perplexed by you," Cas muttered, kicking his shoe at the ugly lino covered floor, reminding Dean acutely of a toddler who had missed his nap, rather than a supposedly grown up, ancient celestial being. Dean tried very hard not to laugh at him—truly, he did.
“Living in limbo must be really confusing. I'd be tempted go to a bar and spend it all on a weekend of sex and debauchery."
Dean's formerly eager erection was starting to wane.
"C'mon," Kate laughed in his ear, twirling him around on what he assumed by the mass of writhing bodies, was a dance floor. "We're experiencing all the joys this world has to offer, remember?"
failings have been numerous too."
"See what I mean?" Kate muttered darkly.
They had stepped into the hallway, voices coming to their ears that definitely weren't either Eileen or Sam's. Just as Dean was about to step out of the hallway, Cas grabbed his hand to stop him.
Having Dean occupied so completely had shown Cas just how much he and Dean usually paired off in social situations like these. Without Dean by his side, Cas felt at a bit of a loss, his eyes constantly seeking him out, finding him and then feeling awful as Kate touched his arm, or flicked her ridiculously sleek and shiny dark hair over her shoulder in a way that Cas had only ever seen her do when she was flirting.
Prying the cup from Dean's unyielding fingers turned out to be the hardest part. Pulling the cup didn't help at all, prying his fingers off it one by one didn't work, because by the time he got to the last finger, all the rest had tightened up again. Cas had resorted to wiggling it out like it was a stubborn peg in a hole. Dean's eyelashes had fluttered and his breathing had changed, which had made Cas freeze several times, until finally it was free.
a declaration and a plea.
It was several minutes of teasing and stroking, before Dean applied any pressure at all. Feeling Cas tense momentarily, Dean ducked his head low over his cock and let his mouth trace over it from base to tip, barely touching, just letting his breath ghost over it. On his third pass, he used the very tip of his tongue, tracing a long, thin wet path right to the tip, where he dipped his tongue into the slit, suppressing a chuckle when Cas let out a strangled sound. He loved having Cas like this, spread in front of him, so very responsive and eager.
“No, Sam,” Cas answered dryly, which made Dean suddenly wonder if Cas didn't sometimes 'misunderstand' entirely on purpose. “I would in fact be naked for sex. Aren’t you? Do you have sex clothes?”
"—how did you know?"
"And you got in touch with us? Why? What can we do to help?" Dean sounded as frustrated as Cas felt, but right now they were both out of ideas and neither of them handled that well.
"And this…" Cas' eyes gleamed, "this makes you hard every time I do it." Cas yanked back his head by his hair, exposing more of his vulnerable neck and throat. Cas latched on to his pulse point, biting and sucking, lathing his skin with his tongue.
Sam, who had been a picture of positivity up until now, was finally starting to crack. He groaned into his hands.
Dean could think of nothing but bucking up against Cas, lifting his hips and closing the gap between them, where Cas' ass was hovering just an inch above his lap. If Cas sat down exactly where he was, he'd be right on Dean's rock hard cock.
"There's a job opening up at the centre after Christmas," Cas said carefully. "Nothing special, just supervision really, being there to answer questions, break up arguments. The training is on the job."
"Hey, don't look at me. This isn't my fault."
“Have you
"It's an even better view from here," Dean said, patting the dusty old coverlet next to him, and shuffling to the side.
Chuck opened his mouth to answer and Dean fell on him before he could, punching him with such force that Cas winced, pretty sure he could hear the crack of something breaking.
Cas placed his palms flat against Dean's chest and pushed him backwards. Dean stumbled, resisted for a moment, and then, eyes locked with Cas', he allowed himself to be walked backwards until his back hit the wall.
"Dean!" Claire called out, the first to spot him. He forced a smile onto his face and if he hugged Claire a tiny bit too tightly as he took in a shaky breath, she didn't point it out or make a big deal of it. Instead she poured him a glass of whisky from the crystal decanter that always made him feel pretentious, and patted the seat next to her.
Stepping into what was obviously the main bedroom, Cas found Dean sprawled on top of a bed, arms and legs thrown out as if he was seeing how much space one man could take up. He was lit up with a bright orange light that poured through the window, and when Cas finally tore his eyes away from Dean, the beauty of the view from the window took his breath away.
At the start of the night Dean had promised to himself that he wouldn't ask, but now Cas was here, Dean didn't want him to leave. He didn't want him to leave at all, ever again, but as a short term solution this worked. He wasn't asking him for sex. If that happened, then fucking Hallelujah, but that wasn't why he wanted him here. Torturing himself had risen to a whole different level.
Cas made that sound in his throat that Dean had never been able to decipher as either good or bad.
"Come and lie here. Stop being ridiculous."
In that moment, with Cas exactly where he'd wanted him for so long, Dean had a moment of sheer disbelief that he was actually doing this. This was Cas—
The light had started to break through the tiny gap in the thick curtains, extra bright because of the snow reflecting it around outside. Dean was starting to feel almost as exhausted as Cas looked.
Dean smiled. It was something at least.
The voice on the other end of the phone was so familiar, so perfect in his ear that despite the wave of longing and unhappiness that filled him, Dean smiled so hard his cheeks hurt.
Dean knew Cas didn't like his dad and that was without Cas really knowing how truly shit things had been for him and Sam. If he had known some of the things their dad had done, Dean had a suspicion that Cas would be purposely making his way to Heaven just to punch him. Repeatedly.
"It sure is. Do you know what isn't? Having my hand in my pants while talking to my best friend on the phone. Whatever our
Diving back under the covers, Cas pressed his body into Dean's side and then hesitantly wrapped one bare arm around his stomach and snuggled in.
"So are you going to tell me how your date with Tall Guy went? You've been off all morning."
that. He buzzed around behind Dean like one of those annoying fruit flies that invaded every summer. He complimented everything from Dean's choice of forest green shirt, to his new cologne, to his carefully judged 'designer' stubble.
After a brief battle of wills, which Dean did not win, they both came back inside. Dean headed straight to his bedroom and threw the door wide open in his eagerness to see Cas, hopefully in some state of undress.
As they had left the bar and Cas took one last long look, Dean was bending over the pool table. The woman in the blue dress had both hands on his rear as he wiggled it in the air in an exaggerated fashion. Cas hadn’t come back for months after that visit, and luckily Jack had kept him too busy for him to have a chance to wallow.
"Nah." Dean felt a bit silly now anyway. All the horrific monsters they'd dealt with and he was freaking out over a shadow. Besides, one of the Winchester Brothers should be having an uninterrupted night of sex, and sadly he wasn't in the running for that.
"Then find me," Cas whispered back urgently, his breath seeming to scald Dean's skin with its heat. Dean pulled back to look at him, taking in his eyes, big and round like saucers, shadowed and haunted. Dean's stomach twisted and clenched at the look in Cas’ eyes. Anxiety rose in his chest unbidden, thick and choking, clawing at the inside of his throat.
"Fuck you, Sam."
“D-Dean?” Cas gasped. “I don’t… what…?”
Dean reached for his belt.
The concerned furrow between Dean's eyebrows disappeared and he grinned. Apparently this he could get with.
"So just in case…?"
"It’s because you deserve to be saved," Cas answered, smiling through his own tears at the man in front of him. “You deserve it, Dean. You deserve any sacrifice, any amount of love that is given to you. You always have. And I know you don’t feel it, don’t believe it, but everyone around you knows it too.”
She was alone this Christmas because, as per the custody agreement, it was her ex-husband's turn to have their girls for the holiday, leaving Kate miserable and melancholy. The rest of her family lived in England, and as much as Cas didn't want her finding out about what they all were and what they all did, he couldn't bear the idea of her sitting in her house with her microwave Christmas Dinner for one. When he'd finally asked her to join them, it had actually turned out that Eileen had asked her five days earlier, and all his agonising had been for nothing.
"They've not been back here in well over a year. I'd say more like three or four."
“Is this how you convince women to come home with you?”
“I thought that you’d never notice—no one looks at their own ass.”
"Hey kiddo." Dean straightened up and smiled at the squirming child.
"Yes."
Gabriel got to his feet and bent down in front of Cas. He placed two fingers on the back of his hand, healing the blisters that covered his stinging palm.
"Dean might object!"
Cas looked at Dean helplessly, like his feet were glued to the floor.
Yeah, it was. And Cas wasn't fucking wrong either.
"Hey," Dean said firmly. "Look at me. Not them -
Cas praising him was the hottest thing that he'd ever fucking heard.
"No, don't just say yes! I need you to think about this. We need to talk about it and think about it. You're going to need a safe word."
"I didn't kiss you back before and that needs putting right." His mouth was on Cas' stubbled jaw again, kissing, nipping gently, moving slowly and deliberately towards his mouth.
"Hey Sammy!" Dean greeted his brother with a one armed hug. "Well done, man, you actually went through with it. And you were telling me just yesterday that you were thinking of running for the hills…"
His thumbs swiped at the tears on Cas' face, brushing them away with such tenderness that it set off a whole new batch of tears.
"I'm starting to think that Sam has the right idea, moving out."
Dean turned in his arms, kissing him with the slow languour of a man who had just been well and truly satisfied.
"You're not going to distract me from your very disturbing answer, Dean."
leave."
Dean laughed and it had a nervous edge to it.
Dean groaned and dragged his hands down his face. He was meant to be distracting himself from Cas, not making it worse.
frown.
"How is it that you and this big strapping lad here know each other?" Rowena asked, suddenly curious. "Save you from some monster somewhere, did he?"
"No."
"Generally, yeah. Look, I know we're not together and I don't know if you're having post orgasm regret—Christ knows I've experienced that a few times, but all you have to do is say so and I'll get out of your hair. But if it's not that, then I'd really like to cuddle up in bed with my best friend, who by the way, is the best fucking thing that ever happened to me, in case you were wondering."
He supposed the reason didn't matter—the fact was that Dean was obviously agitated, pacing up and down over a threadbare rug, in front of an even more threadbare sofa, reminding Cas of a caged tiger in a zoo.
Cas made a dissatisfied noise in his throat, but picked up his phone again.
There was a pause while Cas looked at the dessert menu with a forlorn look on his face.
“How exactly would I do this?” Sam asked, watching his brother flick the lights on so that the twin beams of the Impala’s headlights shone brightly through the torrential rain. “And why would I do it?! I’m not a little kid anymore. I’m 86 years old! I’m past the age where I want to splash in puddles!”
Cas shot a look at Dean.
"Yeah," Cas' voice was thicker, deeper. "Fuck, Dean—I wish I was there with you."
"You and me—this… this is forever. You're getting that, right? Like that wife and kids thing you wanted, you won't get to—"
He should explain to Cas before there were people here. He had to tell Cas what the boundaries were, before it blew up in his face. But how did you even broach that? Did Cas even understand this was a secret? He hadn't said. They hadn't talked about anything, really. They needed to talk.
"I shouldn't have gone," Dean agreed. "I know it was fucking stupid. I just couldn't stop myself. But I'm not apologising, Cas. I didn't put anyone in danger but myself."
"Dean, that's enough!" Sam warned, and Dean grit his teeth at their sudden role reversal.
The little card that had been stuck to one of the documents read, ‘Castiel Winchester.’ Cas bit his lip hard, emotion welling up, overwhelming, making him reach for Dean over all the wrapping paper and presents.
"Jody," Donna said, lifting her head to give her friend an incredulous look. "We were attacked by possessed cattle half way through the picnic, and your guy literally threw up in the picnic hamper when you decapitated that cow."
"I didn't… I didn't abandon you. We said goodbye."
"But Amara's big on free will, with no interference," Dean nodded.
Looking at the still damp,
I'm back from my sight-seeing trip. I didn't see any interesting wildlife, but I talked to some locals and have some new ideas of where I might find some. How are you?
"She's pretty damn capable of doing that all by herself," Dean argued, following Cas as he backed away slowly.
"She's got a headache," James quipped, looking forlornly at his hand, as if it had broken his heart.
“Yeah.” Dean mimed being unable to lift a heavy sword off the ground.
The conversation evolved and turned to work but Dean remained silent and withdrawn, until eventually he excused himself and headed towards the kitchen.
The gun was whipped out of Dean’s pocket before Sam could even attempt to stop him.
Cas could have gone with any excuse—they were all there lined up in front of him; terrible misunderstanding, medical miracle, died on the operating table only to be brought back from the brink of death by skilled surgeons. He could have gone as far as to say that the friendly neighbourhood Witch Doctor had popped in, danced around his body, then sacrificed a small goat to bring him back to life, and it would have still been less messy than what he’d actually said.
"I thought we were avoiding being alone together?" Dean asked, hating the needy undertone to his voice that he was fairly sure was none too subtly begging Cas to crawl into his bed.
"Alright you two, not in front of the food." Dean turned to Cas, who was unusually quiet as he ate. "How is it, Cas? Will I die if I eat this? You can be my poison tester.”
Dean groaned quietly.
“Dean, it was over.”
sex."
"Never, ever use the words, 'we need to talk' unless you're fucking breaking up with me! That's what those words fucking mean!"
"I'm sorry," it occurred to Cas too late that it wasn't his invitation to offer. "It's your house. I should have asked if it was alright. Is it alright?"
was the addiction.
Sam's eyes widened and Dean picked up the first weapon-like object he could see, an antique looking letter opener, the handle carved with symbols.
"Christ. Imagine what that would have been like if you were actually here."
"Popcorn?" he asked, opening a Cupboard and spotting some microwave bags. "We have salty, because that's the best kind; and sweet, because Eileen clearly has no taste."
“If it was over, then why didn’t you mind your own and leave me dead?” Dean snapped, spinning away from Cas and looking a lot like he was fighting hard not to punch Cas in the face. "I was
"Even if I did want to draw attention to myself with something like that, there's no soul to bring back! He's gone!"
Why are you in bed? You don’t sleep.”
"Why aren't
“Dean, I think we need to talk,” she said quietly, coming to stand next to the arm of the couch.
(See the end of the chapter for
"My demonstration may have worked a little too well."
"That's not disgust, Cas," Dean said, pained.
"Oh. I just thought—"
Cas winced.
"I don't know. Hair products and Celine Dion? Really loud sex when I'm trying to re-watch Game of Thrones? Maybe I could buy a stack of apology cards for his first week in his new neighbourhood? Soundproofing for their neighbours?"
They agreed easily on Chinese and, as Kate had never seen Avatar, Eileen put on the movie and they all squashed together on the slightly too-small sofa to eat their food once it had arrived, Dean trying very hard not to sulk, because somehow he’d ended up at the farthest end from Cas, next to Sam. Dean had a strong suspicion that Kate had had a hand in the seating arrangements, but he'd been too busy playing with Miracle to have seen what happened, and now he was paying for it.
The journey home from the club took longer than any of them had thought it would. Dean had had too much alcohol and couldn't drive, and while walking with Cas should have taken less than fifteen minutes, Cas kept stopping to touch every plant, every tree, to sit on every single bench and stroke each and every fucking cat.
"I overstepped," Cas admitted, looking down. "I'm sorry for that. I tried to put it right by leaving, but I feel like nothing I do is right."
Cas’ apartment wasn't like Dean had imagined at all. Cas had owned nothing more than the clothes on his back for most of the time Dean had known him, so he'd never actually seen what Cas' taste was beyond garishly bright sweaters, pork scratchings and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Dean knew Cas had hideous taste in cars, an attachment to his trenchcoat (but then so did Dean), and he was very attached to his fancy new bed.
Cas sighed.
think twice. Probably.
"Alright. You can have bees and ugly cats, but I want to live near water," Dean bargained happily. "Sea, lake, whatever - so long as I can swim in it. When I was a kid and Bobby was looking after us, he'd take us camping by this beautiful lake - crystal clear. We learned to swim there - it even got Sammy away from his books for a few hours."
"Yeah, lying through your teeth will do that to you. It's pretty exhausting!"
In the far, far recesses of his mind he was conscious that this was exactly what they weren't supposed to be doing. They weren't supposed to be showing their hand like this. But if Cas didn't care, he didn't either. Cas' body was sliding slowly down his, his mouth trailing hot kisses down his chest, over his stomach - it was fucking glorious.
"I never thought you
"Cas, you can't just go around slaughtering people for being arseholes!" Kate hissed. "If I did that, Earth would be left with like six people on it!"
“You alright, Cas?” Dean asked, tipping his face up so he could see better. “Are you feeling sick or dizzy?”
Then, his voice breaking on a sob - "I'm so sorry, Jack."
"Just… just let me hold you for one minute and I'll never do this again. I promise. I don't have the right to do this, and I promise I'll stop. One more minute and you'll never have to deal with this side of me again, I swear. I'm sorry—
without Cas. He couldn’t go through it again without him.
"I Googled weeks ago."
He'd let them overwhelm him and become his problem, let them hurt Cas, when if he'd just have talked to his parents and faced this head on, Cas wouldn't have spent the day preparing for Dean to leave him.
"Of course, Dean. I never make promises that I don't intend to keep."
"Look, I'll come join you. I'll have some lovely little tattoos put on my ribs too, and then I'll come meet you. It'll be fun—our first holiday together!"
being both a mom and a dad to me. He was never allowed to be a kid, never looked after and protected himself
"Shapeshifter?" Cas asked finally, when Dean still hadn't spoken.
“Oh yeah,” he smirked, settling back against the pillows to watch. “Get ‘em off, Cas.”
Dean stared after him, instantly suspicious. "Did we ever watch The Princess Bride together?"
he loved, earning himself good natured, uncannily coordinated eye rolls from Sam and Eileen as he completely missed the prompt to produce the rings. His eyes locked with Cas', the sound of Rowena's Scottish brogue repeating the question for the second—third?—time still not breaking through the haze as the heat rose inside him, feelings bubbling to the surface.
"It's alright, Cas," Dean said finally. "I've got to face my dad again someday, right?"
"You've seen me undressed before. What's the point of covering up now? It's not like you can unsee my naked body. It's like unwrapping a gift to see what's inside—once you've unwrapped it, you know what it is. However many times someone might re-wrap it again, you'll always know exactly what waits under the paper."
"Are Angels supposed to be this filthy-minded?" His hand closed over Cas' shoulder and he squeezed, his expression happy, soft, and affectionate.
"He was amazing at self-defense though. Laid the instructor out every single time." Kate smiled proudly up at Cas.
"Uh-huh."
He listened to the sound of Cas changing position and he tried to picture him. What was Cas wearing to bed? Was he actually naked? Was it really all that wrong if he asked?
Cas felt irrationally annoyed with her and he picked up his phone, toying with the idea of texting Dean again, if only to remind him that he was there if he needed help. Would Sam stay with Dean all night? Would he be able to stop him spiralling?
"If you've never had a blowjob before, you're going to need more than a quickie in the shower for your first one. A guy's first blowjob is special, man! Maybe
Despite the room filling with steam, Dean's mouth was beyond parched. He took the towel, glad that he couldn't see himself in the steamed up mirror. Going by the heat he was feeling in his cheeks, he was blushing like a freakin' schoolgirl.
Before Dean could anticipate it, before he could read what was happening and react, Kate had hurled herself at him. Winding her arms around his neck tightly, her mouth pressed to his, hard and forceful, as if she was going to take this kiss no matter what. Her body pressed into his, breasts firm from being crammed so tightly into her dress, sliding against him like this was a makeout session instead of an impromptu, unwanted kiss.
how much I care," Cas said, his eyes wide and honest, letting Dean see, refusing to keep pretending. Dean's breath caught in his throat.
wrapping his arms around him. "I made a promise."
He felt a pang of sorrow at the thought of Jack. Aching, guilty and just overwhelmingly sad, he knew that he'd destroyed the relationship he had with the boy he loved like a son. But Jack had been wrong, and it was Dean's
"Every song I can think of sounds like I'm trying to… you know. And I'm not trying to. I'm not, Cas. I know you don't want to start anything, but there are literally no songs that don't sound like a fucking declaration, or a plea."
"Fuck, yeah," he responded, and Cas let out a bark of laughter, quickly followed by a sharp cry, when Dean's hips thrust on instinct, ruining his attempt at being careful and slow.
“You left me, Cas.” Dean’s voice broke on his friend's name. “You left and I didn't get to say goodbye, and it just… it fucking broke me. I couldn’t even hate you for it, because you did it for me. You gave up your life for me.
"No. It's good," Dean murmured, his words starting to slur as he couldn't fight off sleep as it finally started to overcome him. "You're perfect."
“Sam told me that you’d be trying to get out of your best man duties over the next week!”
"Wouldn't you rather wait until we're home, where I can fuck you into my nice soft mattress?" Cas asked. "Instead of against this rough, scratchy wall?" Cas scraped his nails down Dean's back to demonstrate, just in case he'd somehow forgotten what the word 'scratchy' meant. "Or maybe that's
"Breathe, Dean!"
"Being human has its positive aspects," Cas told Dean, skirting over it. "There are lots of simple pleasures that I never really took time to experience last time I was human. Soft sheets against bare skin being one of them.”
Cas closed his eyes, still holding Dean's hand under the tap. “Jack, if you’re listening and that was you, could you come down and actually talk to us?”
"It's really creepy hearing laughing from your room when you're in here alone!"
Dean stared, horrified.
It had taken him two days of serious plotting with Eileen to get Sam out of the house at the desperate behest of Eileen herself, who had sent him a forty-three text rant about her husband to be. It had ended in what sounded like a fairly serious threat to Sam's life, so Dean had decided that an alcohol-fueled intervention was a necessity. Eileen needed space.
Cas drops in while Dean’s pulling on his jeans. He thinks he and Sam should head home today. It’s been so quiet on the angel civil war front that Dean thinks he and Sam might have overstayed their welcome with Bobby this last week. Not that Bobby would ever admit it.
Lucifer! Or whatever the fuck that means! And you’re— you’re, fuck, turning into God or—”
“I got some soup we can try,” Bobby figures. He grunts as he gets to his feet.
Has Dean ever told him?
“Well we’re stuck inside for a while longer. Shall we look up what it takes to make a— bee home? House?” Bobby figures.
It’s this moment that Dean looks at a creature older than the planet, and this creature looks at him, and they both realize ‘
“Why? I’m not your friend,” Dean growls.
“You were dead!” Sam screams, and the impala’s radio races through channels so fast it all becomes shrill static, the temperature drops so sharply that the windows start to frost on the
“You know life isn't porn, right?” Sam asks, and he starts laughing, “I can’t believe you thought—”
“There are… remarkable circumstances that must line up to create something remarkable. Nothing is certain, but so far you seem to be heading in the right direction.”
“Go back to work? Just like that?” Dean asks.
Dean is the first one to crack. He asks Cas about what’s going on in heaven. He wants something else to work his brain on that isn’t chasing something that might not exist. Cas’ answers are even more monosyllabic than usual. It’s like pulling teeth.
’. Dean doesn’t think Dad ever meant it for something like this.
It takes a little longer because he can’t help but get his mouth on Cas’ cock for a little bit. He’s come to
Sam jumps, and if Dean had known this wasn’t Sam going crazy again, he would have delighted in scaring Sam more.
“Thanks,” Dean says again. He stretches his arms over his head. Places his palms on the ground so he can lean back and stretch his legs out until his toes curl. He feels so good that it’s sending him right into horny. This is exactly the kind of feeling that would be made better with sex.
What did Benny say about them? That in their home turf, they’re massive.
Sam sighs heavily, “Good luck. What do you think?”
“We can fix this,” Dean pleads. It’s not too late. He doesn’t want to think about losing Cas.
“It’s fun,” Dean says, and Cas steps on his foot.
Dean’s running out of ideas. He’s running out of places to hide.
“What do you remember?” Dean asks.
Dean finally catches Cas. Meets him at the edge of the water, and puts a gun to Cas’ chest.
He kisses Cas.
The ghoul spits at him.
“You don’t!” Dean shouts, “you can’t— we don’t talk like that, okay? You can’t love me. I’m not worth that.”
“Do you smell the angel? He came with an angel, right?”
Dean settles back on his heels, “Have you been thinking about teaching him?”
Tried to change… what? Dean looks to Cas for an explanation, and Cas has gone still with shock.
Their shoulders are touching, their arms down to their forearms pressed together. If Dean turns his hand just slightly, his knuckles brush against Cas’. Dean should go to bed, or if he’s not going to sleep, he should move away. Put some distance between them.
Sam asked if Dean was gay. He’s not. So what is he then? Dean vaguely remembers hearing about all the different words and names people like to call themselves. He’s seen the different categories on porn sites. There are different levels to being queer.
“Of course,” Dean says.
“Well excuse me, you don’t normally start screaming bloody freaking murder during a vision,” Dean snaps, “I thought you were cracking again.”
“Parking tickets? Seriously?”
“I wanna— can I ask you a question?”
Cas did say Benny was okay, but it’s a relief to see him again. Now that Dean thinks about it, he and Benny haven’t been apart for this long since they met.
"I've loved you for years," Cas says plainly, "that's what angels do."
“Dad was tough, but that wasn’t his style,” Dean mutters. Not that there weren’t times Dean expected to have his ass kicked when he fucked up, especially when it came to Sam. Instead, the cold rage and disappointment were worse than any physical punishment.
Dean grabs Sam’s hand, lets Sam twist their fingers together.
Benny laughs at that, “Well, I’m not that nice either. Now, you hungry?”
Cas claws at his chest, his throat, and Dean has to dig his nails into Cas’ shoulder to hold onto him.
They set up the pullout bed. With Cas settled— and Dean does him the honor of getting his shoes off before they tuck him in— the three of them relocate to the kitchen for a drink.
"Reckless?" Dean shouts, and he's on his feet in an instant. Of
“I don’t think there was a right or a wrong decision,” Cas muses, “but if you are attempting to change, to be different from your father—”
Dean scowls, “We’re grown men,” and he can’t believe he has to spell it out, “we’re Winchesters. We don’t need to— what the fuck are you talking about?”
Warnings for this chapter: standard-typical Spn violence.
The newcomers strike first. Leader charges in. The other— in a long dark coat— starts whistling like this is a normal day in purgatory. It probably is.
Like it’s some kind of hidden memory, unlocked with the specific combination of sensory input, he barely remembers Mom holding him, and doing spins in the kitchen. The memory is so hazy, so old, that Dean only remembers her face because of the photos they have, that he doesn’t even remember what was cooking or what the room looked like, but he remembers the lurch in his stomach as Mom hefted him higher on her shoulder.  He barely remembers standing on Dad’s feet, arms up over his head to hold Dad’s hands as Dad marched to a tune that Dean can’t recall. They used to do that— did Sam ever get that? Not from Dad, not after the fire, that’s for sure. It was always a luxury to stay in a place with a kitchen, and they weren’t very luxurious people.
Dean breathes out slowly, bends to put his free hand on his thigh. He’d really like to put his head between his knees and maybe cry for a little bit, to take a moment to process just what the fuck is going on. But they don’t have time for that.
Dean asked not to talk about it.
“Okay, I need— the lube. And the condoms for you,” Dean says. He points to the supplies he’s got on his nightstand. Because Cas is on top, it’s his job to crawl over to get them.
He takes the cowards way out.
“That was so good,” Dean confesses, “god I— I don’t know if— fuck it. I just— gimme a minute. And then you need to fuck me. I need you inside of me so fucking bad, Cas.”
“Thank you for taking me in,” Cas says when he finally lowers the bottle. Cas only drinks when things are
She looks pissed enough that if they didn’t have the wards up, that Dean would be in for a world of hurt. Good. He feels the light touch of Cas’ fingers to his hip, looping through his belt loop, like Cas is reaching out and— Dean recalls too vividly the instant of Cas pushing him away, of letting go in purgatory, and his whole brain spins out of control. Cas needs him, Cas needs help— something is wrong but Dean can’t keep his priorities straight because Cas’ fingers are warm through his jeans and—
Dean turns back to the stovetop, turns a pancake over, and then it occurs to him.
it was.
"Cas," Dean says, and grabs him by the shoulder. It's more than they do, he and Cas, they aren't super touchy. But there's so much Dean wants to say, should say, because Cas was
And Cas honest to god
Dean that Dean can almost feel it like a physical sensation.
Bobby comes storming in, “What the hell—” he pauses when he sees Cas’ vessel on the couch, “is he?”
It takes a second for the words to sink in.
Cas doesn’t look away from him, doesn’t shrug it off or make fun of Dean for that. He considers it for a long moment, like it’s not a super chick thing to say.
“I heard you,” Bobby says, “you told me already. That’s— that’s all this is?”
But Bobby’s still smiling, and oh, okay. He’s teasing Dean. That’s what’s happening. Bobby’s teasing him about being hopelessly in love, like he would with any partner Dean brought home.
“Sam?” Dean asks. Because he’s— he’s right here.
a leviathan!” Cas shouts.
Dean doubles over, retches. There’s nothing in him to throw up. His shirts are clinging to his skin with sweat. He drops to one knee, dizzy with exertion.
i wish i could explain why i think a whole conversation of 'bees.' 'bees?' 'bees!' is so funny to me. but it's hilarious AANNDDD cas gets to have his bees!!!! Fun fact: i have a crippling irrational phobia of bees so while i think they're wonderful and essential and cas' love of them is very sweet, the most research i could do on them was to find out if you COULD make bee boxes at home. we will likely always see the bees at a distance in this series lmaaoooo
And yet here they are.
This is also a prime opportunity, because Sam is so focused on playing psychic catch, he’s completely let his guard down. So he’s not at all prepared for Dean to shove a wet finger in his ear.
He and Sam hit the road again. Dean ignores the spots where Cas should be. This is what he’s wanted: the open road, and his healthy brother. Everything is back to normal. He should be happy.
“Sam’s all wet,” Dean reminds Bobby, and Dean is exhausted just thinking about having to hunt down towels, find some blankets to wrap his brother in so he doesn’t get sick, “he needs—”
“Still out,” Bobby says, “but alive. The coffee’s fresh.”
“I won’t let them,” Dean promises, “but maybe we take that chance—”
This whole time I thought you were some kind of professor. I had this hazy image of a short, bald man in glasses. Though I guess you could still be that. I think you may be a little older than me – when I was growing up cordless phones were the new thing, but I remember my grandparents having an old rotary phone for a little while.
Dean laughed softly. “True… Especially after my little outburst in front of your dad. You must have thought I was terrible.”
They were starting off right where they’d left Bast at the season finale, on his back amid broken glass and splinters of wood, looking up at the massive figure of the angel. He couldn’t see any of that right then, of course, he just pretended he could see it and the digital effects people would add it all in later. Imagining the angel was shrinking down until it disappeared into the barn, Dean stared at the double doors and waited.
Dean blushed at the idea of sharing something so personal, but as Castiel’s scent wove its way through his, he found himself breathing in and saying the words. “It stunned me to remember this the first time. I was really small then; it was before my mom died. Sammy was just a baby. We were at Uncle Rufus and Uncle Bobby’s cabin. It had a wood-burning fireplace as its heater, so it always smelled like woodsmoke when it was cold out.
Startled, he followed the command instantly and froze. A closer look had him noticing that the alpha was shaking.
“Oh, please, don’t pressure yourself on my account. As long as Castiel is happy, that’s all I care about,” said Gabe, proving himself to be one of the good ones in the group.
“I think I can guess what happened from there, based on the aftermath in your kitchen.”
“What?”
“Oh, I’m not, I’ll go back. But you can’t blame me for wanting to spend a little more time with my boys.”
“You had an imprint before, but now I can tell some demon’s put his claim on you.” He leaned closer. “Let’s just have a little taste…”
“Go on.”
If you go down Main Street to Kansas Avenue where the Farmer’s Market ends, you’ll run into the city park. They have covered picnic benches near the parking lot. Let’s meet there. 3pm. Since you’ve already had my best bread effort, I’m bringing you the pie you inspired instead.
“Wimps.”
A slow unfurling of pleasure rolled over him and Dean fell limp underneath Cas. The fucking was nearly secondary as every nerve was filled with this drugged-like sensation and endorphins crashed over his brain. Different from the sudden explosion of an orgasm that peaked quickly and faded, this was a slow burn that never quite crested but carried him along for the ride.
wild in bed. And that was kind of amazing.
“Show me.”
“It’s fine,” he said, coming to stand beside the car. “I’m pleased you remember this place.”
“Mm-hmm.”
There was something else bothering him about the previous punishment, but it had taken him this long to allow himself to think about it. He would much rather just push it all down and not examine the details at all, but there were two points that continued to poke at the back of his brain.
“This is typical abusive behavior,” said Dean, his mouth pressing into a grim line. “She’s isolating you. So you have no one to turn to. No support system.”
I don’t need to know what you look like I just need to feel you and smell you and hold you against me
Sighing, Dean let his head fall forward, lazily nuzzling Castiel’s neck and scenting him. “It’s a lot harder than I thought to be the fucker rather than the fuckee.”
All he really felt was more confusion. What did this mean? Castiel got what he wanted… now what? Where did that leave them? Did this mean anything to him? He didn’t even really feel relief now that it was over, instead, his inner omega was beginning to whine, already anticipating when the knot would deflate and they would be separated for good. He should
It was Castiel’s job to determine when and if Dean felt pain, which meant he had a responsibility to tell his daddy if he felt anything other than pleasure at any time. He’d learned that lesson well during his time being pregnant, a stressed omega meant stressed pups and they wanted to minimize that as much as possible.
Very.
. If Claire wanted to be Paul Stanley from KISS, they would teach her
“I have a feeling it’s going to be,” said Cas, sparing a second to kiss Dean’s cheek. “Because I finally have someone to share it with.” Dean couldn’t help a smile at that. “How do you usually spend Christmas?”
He closed his eyes when they threatened to cross from being so near to Castiel’s body. It allowed him to concentrate better on the taste and feel and the heavenly smell all concentrated in this area. The amber in his scent was so strong, it made Dean’s head spin. But he never wanted to move. He took deep breaths through his nose. As he held Cas in his mouth, it slowly grew thicker and heavier, as did the combined scents swirling around them. He was growing almost too big to fit, but thankfully, omegas had very little gag reflex.
Dean held him tight, turning his face into Sam’s neck and filling his lungs with the scent of him – smoky, spicy cinnamon and a hint of coconut from his shampoo. He noticed Sam doing the same a moment later. “I’ll miss you, too,” he said, clearing his throat when the sentence came out tight. “Call or text when rut’s over and we’ll see when we can meet up before your next semester. Daddy says we should see each other whenever we can.”
“Well, this was the best of them. I think if your dad can accept with good grace being invited to a Novak Easter in Illinois, we’re going to be just fine.”
“Not much, he was in a hurry—”
“True.” On cue, Gabriel held up his phone and turned his back to the couple. “Smile!” he said, holding the sonogram up under his chin. He snapped a selfie with Cas giving a typical glower and Dean rolling his eyes. While they were shown to their table, he spoke out loud as he typed, “Guess who’s gonna be the favorite uncle? Hashtag: Twins!”
Moaning softly, Dean nuzzled his face against Castiel’s hand again. Today was all about learning how far the alpha would push him. If he was going to put public punishment on the table, Dean had to know what to expect, if it was something he could do, wanted to do, or if this would be what would make him call his safeword. “Yes, daddy, I need to know what you would do to me in public,” he said, completely seriously.
Castiel kissed his neck. “Of course, I will. You’ve made me so happy, Dean. I’ve admired you for so long, I worked so hard just so I could be close to you. Actually, I’m glad this happened, otherwise I might have just lost it one day and attacked you on set. And that
“And we can trust you with the secret of the gender?” Cas asked, skeptically. “You knew for less than a minute before posting about the pregnancy.”
The angel rolled his eyes.
“I don’t know,” said Azrael.
“Daddy’s going to ask him to be
“There,” Castiel sighed, seating himself fully and lowering Dean’s leg to the floor. “Ahh… You’re so tight like this, Dean, you feel so good… I can’t tell you how many times I came, imagining what it would be like… to be buried deep inside you…”
Dean’s mind whirled at the possibilities, considering the dirty mind the alpha hid behind those guileless blue eyes. His face must have given away his apprehension because Castiel chuckled as he reached into the inner pocket of his blazer. When he opened his hand, a key sat in the center of his palm.
“Oh, Cas,” he said, awed. “You are so beautiful.”
“Sure.”
“What a greedy and impatient body you have,” he said, unbuckling his belt and unfastening his pants, pushing them down with his underwear. “Does someone else do these things with you?” He pulled Dean’s loosely hanging pants and underwear down until they dangled somewhere below his knees. “Have you been ogling anyone besides me, you little brat?”
They returned to the set where the big green screen was still being set up. A couple of people got to work touching up their makeup and using blotting papers for shininess. Dean was obliged to bend down a bit since the guy working on him was a shorter-than-average omega, with big brown eyes and a thin beard. He believed his name was Aaron. He held up a snapshot that had been taken last season of the wound makeup he’d had for the finale next to Dean’s face.
“Nothing personal, I’m just a scavenger,” she said. “Catering to a specific clientele, making a living off other people’s misery.”
She removed the cloth to reveal a dazzling set of rings, all with blue stones in various shades, that twinkled like stars in the light. There were large stones and small ones, solitaires and multiples, ranging from a dark midnight blue to a light robin’s egg.
Cas grit his teeth and fidgeted. He looked so uncomfortable; it was pretty cute. He couldn’t even get the rest of the sentence out and what he had said was so halting, like he could barely stomach the thought of it. Grinning, Dean climbed onto him, straddling his lap and wrapping his arms around Castiel’s shoulders as he kissed him thoroughly enough to make him forget what he hadn’t wanted to say.
Sitting in her living room, Cas heard the water in the shower running. “Is Mag here?” Mag was Hanna’s roommate. “I thought she was supposed to work on her project at the gallery, just like Balth.”
Castiel tried to calm his pounding heart and hoped that he wouldn't sound as nervous as he felt.
Balthazar looked at the clock on the wall and whistled. “It is getting late. Sorry about that. You should probably go now. I’ll be fine by myself here. Thank you for coming with me.”
“You tongue will swell after all of this; it’ll give it the space it needs. After a month of taking care of the piercing the way I’ll show you later, you’ll be able to change it to a shorter one. Do you have more questions before we do it?”
"Dean, is your ringtone really ‘Master of Puppets’ by Metallica?" Castiel could hardly hold his laughter at bay.
