“Yeah,” he says heavily, nodding his head as gently as possible to not disturb whatever injury he might’ve sustained to his skull. “It’s… It’s coming back.”
strong opinions of him now. Some offer their quiet support— a couple of townhomes on his street now flying pride flags from their porches, others just being more friendly when he passes by them on his morning bike ride. Those on the opposite end of the spectrum, however, are anything but quiet on their feelings for the matter.
“Tony!” Thor jogs over to him after his last interview. “I got the team’s box number. Steve and I were just about to head up and say hello before the game.”
He’s surprised to see a genuine smile break out of Tony’s steely expression, lifting them out of this sea of sensual abandon into something a little easier to manage. Just two people, two bodies, together at last. “Don’t worry about me for right now. Just let me make
Steve waves away the cigarette smoke, taking a step closer to Tony despite his better judgement. He gets a whiff of the kid who smells like if he took a shower in the past two days, it was in nothing but booze. "Tony—"
Steve is a bit surprised by that. Sure, maybe Natasha is planning on bringing Tony in as a relief pitcher, but this is their debut exhibition game. It doesn't count towards the actual season, but half of the reason for having these pre-season matchups is to put your best foot forward and show those watching what your team has to offer. The news that Tony had switched teams spread like wildfire once paparazzi started spotting him coming in and out of their stadium. It would be idiotic not to have Tony front and center on that pitcher’s mound at the start of the game, and Natasha does not make idiotic decisions.
Rhodey pops over the back of the chairs, watching in amusement as Tony makes a show of picking out the brackets for everyone to start competing in. He sets down a beer on the table next to Steve. “Told you not to worry about him liking it or not.”
Bucky doesn’t seem like he’s in the mood to joke for once. “Yeah, but that was just Class A. This is the World fucking Series, Steve. You can’t just give up now because I’m not playing. How the hell is that fair to the rest of the team? To
That single action comes back to bite Tony in the ass. He just isn’t expecting it to happen so soon.
At this point Tony is independent of an IV drip, his fluids and blood levels all returning to normal. He’s still provided with plenty of medication to numb the pain and also help him sleep, Tony fairly sure he’s gotten more hours in this past week than he has the past month.
is a bullshit excuse. And so is just wanting to check in on me,” Tony shifts rolls his eyes. “But whatever you want to tell yourself.”
He tries putting off the cast as long as possible, hating the idea of having to go around with this big, clunky, plaster abomination on his arm for the next few months. Doctor Hallstatt eventually comes into his room himself and tells him they need to do it while his bones are still properly set to heal.
Tony scoffs, like the notion is completely ridiculous. “And have my mother cry every time she looks at me and worries about my hardships? Have it be the final nail in the coffin for Howard to disown me completely? I’m not going to be ostracized from my parents any more than I already am because of what goes on in my life.”
Tony wants to bang his head against the wall. “Quit fucking around, Steve!” He finally yells aloud, projecting loud enough so he’s sure his Captain can hear him. “And you say
“Our friends are right— not that you’re ‘too young to retire’ or any of that. I know the only reason you came back to play in the minors was so we could play together again, but even after I left… you stayed.”
“Tony?” He hears sleepily from the living room. He spins around to see Steve curled under a couple of layers of blankets on the couch, slowly pushing himself into a sitting position. He rubs at his eyes and squints against the light, Tony struggling to keep his ashamed gaze off the floor. “Tony,” Steve repeats in relief, immediately clambering off the couch and swiftly walking closer.
Bucky is apparently in a good enough headspace to navigate them away from the crowds and out of the stadium, security stopping anyone from following them out to one of the fenced off exits.
“You’re not dragging me anywhere,” Steve insists. “I want to be there with you. I hate this feeling that you’re dealing with this all by yourself. It’s not
Howard smiles at him, placing his hand proudly on his wife's arm. "Maria here is an art dealer when she's not busy feeding the poor and building schools for underprivileged kids."
Tony has to watch with restless despair as the game slips further and further into dangerous territory for the International team. The innings tick on, the IL continuing to sit at only two runs scored while the PCL steadily gains on them. Bender is doing the best he can, but the Pacifics continue to rack up points while his own team comes to a standstill. As the home team’s score climbs higher and higher, Tony quickly changes tactics from offhandedly suggesting to outright begging Rezzo to put him in.
Tony is standing within a large group made up of old rivals from the PCL, new rivals from the IL he played alongside today, and members of his own team as he regales stories about some of his first games playing for the Avengers. Steve and the others regularly interject, arguing good-heartedly with him about their versions of the story. Tony is doing his best impression of what he liked to call Steve’s Don’t-Steal-That-Base face when he’s suddenly tackled from behind, arms wrapping around him in a hug.
Peter laughs bashfully, scratching at his messy brown hair in a mannerism that reminds Steve so much of Tony. It’s funny that Tony is only five years Peter’s senior, but they really had developed this natural master and apprentice dynamic. “Honestly, I wasn’t until people started bringing it up to me so much. I was a little apprehensive, but once I finished at MIT I knew there was something about baseball I was missing. I was grateful that the Avengers took me back, because I honestly couldn’t imagine playing for anyone else.”
"—and people are not a fan of his. We've had plenty of cocky, controversial players play in the minor leagues, y'know, kids too big for their britches, but never one that has been this outwardly disrespectful to the sport."
Ty smiles at him and walks over to the cabinets before tipping the carton over and dumping it down the sink.
The last part is said more as a strict warning rather than a suggestion. “Right,” Tony responds dryly. “Thank you, Doctor.”
"Steve, stop!" Tony shouts, sounding more forceful than ever as he grabs at Steve's arms to try and keep him from walking towards the bedroom. His heels are digging into the carpet as Steve presses on. "I don't know what you think is going on here, but you need to leave
“I don’t—” Tony starts to complain, but James is already making quick work of his stubborn laces. “...Thanks, Rhodey.”
Tony doesn’t stop as expected, and continues to fly around the bases. The timing is close, every moment happening in succinct succession. The ball is launched from the left fielder’s hand, sailing past Tony and straight for home. Miller had the head start though, and he’s already made contact with the plate a second before the ball lands in the catcher’s mitt. Tony streams past the shortstop. The catcher throws it to third in a last ditch effort to end the inning. The third baseman’s foot is on the base, his glove waiting to receive the ball and knock Tony out of the game, but the young Stark’s speed is unmatched.
“That’s great, Tony,” Steve says, and he means it. Tony looks hopeful when he says it, even if he didn’t say it to seek out approval. “It is, really.”
Tony laughs loudly, clutching at his head in disbelief. “Oh my god, you’re really trying to relate it all back to my issues with my dad? You’re supposed to be my
They share a laugh at the memory and start to argue about the semantics of that particular holiday. It’s fascinating watching Tony’s cool exterior seemingly melt away as he chats with Maria. Tony seems to have this sort of bickering repertoire with everyone he engages in conversation with, with every word careful and calculated in attempt to get a rise out of the other person while he himself remains impervious. How he talks with his mother feels completely different. Steve supposes no one would know him better than she.
Natasha clears her throat. “Now, back to the immediate future, I made some last minute adjustments to the roster, so everyone listen in case you’ve moved. Starting out, Quill and Odinson, you guys are swapped for left and center field— Zip it Quill, I’m not scared to bench you— Banner, you’re still right field. Strange, you’re pitching…”
Tony takes a second shower when they get back to the hotel, the quick rinse-off with freezing cold water after practice not really doing enough for him. Steam clouds the bathroom by the time he’s finished, drying off and bundling himself in a robe before stepping out into his shared room with Steve. He flicks through his closet, pouring over his options.
It’s cosmically cyclical, the fight over Tony’s future in baseball starting the chain reaction of Bucky and Natasha’s relationship which eventually led to this moment, their wedding, landing the two of them in a parallel conversation. The only difference is that this time Steve isn’t going to let it end as horribly as it did before.
The doctor is mouthing something to him, examining a fluid bag that is hanging next to him and hooked up to his IV. She calls out the door to someone else. Peggy surges forward now, cupping his face in both of her hands. She’s crying, glistening tears rolling heavily down her cheeks. He reaches up to try and wipe at them with his debilitated hands, re-examining them in the light.
A metal clang echoes from behind them and they all turn to look. Tony Stark walks towards them, eyes shrouded by orange-tinted spectacles. There is no mistaking that lopsided grin and casual strut onto the field even from a distance.
“Nah, Hank’s right. You gotta come back to the Majors, man. Things have gotten so dull lately,” Scott complains.
Once all the individual positions finish their focused trainings, Tony and Bender switch off to throw pitches for batting practice. The team’s pitchers are replaced with designated hitters for the All-Star Game, so Tony isn’t going to see any base action this game. That’s alright with him for once, all of his focus solely dedicated to pitching. Rezzo blows the whistle at him twice after completely striking out a handful of his teammates, the man reminding him that he can throw good pitches while still giving the opportunity for the batters to hit it. Tony thinks this is a little counterproductive, since he should be trying to challenge his teammates as much as possible so they’re prepared to hit any kind of pitch thrown their way, but he takes Rezzo’s direction and reformulates his strategy to allow the batters a
Even if he knows this is the best team someone could hope to be apart of, he doubts Tony will ever feel so strongly about them the way he does. Once Tony gets what he wants out of this— more fame, controversy, notoriety, whatever it is he’s looking for, Steve has no doubts in his mind that he’ll ditch them as soon as the opportunity arises.
Tony shrugs at him and divides the packets of chips in half, sliding twenty-five grand’s worth over to the other man. “Guess you’ll be glad it’s my money and not your own then, huh?” He grins up at him, patting him on the back before they make their way over to a table that’s clearing up two spots just for them. Lana swoops in and sets down their drinks on the table in front of them along with a promise to bring more as soon as they’re out. Tony sets an additional couple hundred dollar tip on her tray, giving her a wink before he twists back to the table, putting his sunglasses on top of his head. “Ready to pop your cherry?” He asks Steve with a grin, watching the way the man’s Adam's apple bobs as he takes a long swig of the Old Fashioned.
Embarrassment isn’t something Tony is sure he’s ever felt before, but if inflamed cheeks and a drop in the pit of his stomach was any indication, then he might be embarrassed right now. He can feel that he’s gaping a bit, mind unsure of how to process the fact that Steve was now seemingly taking pride in
, but neither her nor my folks are particularly religious, so we kind of forgo that title. I guess her and Howard go way back or something; She’s been around since I was a baby. I don’t have much in the way of family on either of my parents’ sides, so I’ve always thought of her as my Aunt,” he shrugs.
Steve’s eyes flicker with sadness, but they don’t stray from Tony’s face. “I’m glad I could be that person for you who made you start to love baseball. Before we were together, before we were even friends, I saw something in you that everyone else seemed to want to ignore. I want the world to see how special you really are. And of course leagues and awards and fame don’t really mean much in the grand scheme of things, but it would kill me to watch you keep playing below your level, especially if you were just staying for… for me.”
“Woof, let’s turn down the volume until I’ve had my morning coffee, Point Break,” Tony pats the man on one huge bicep, sinking down into the seat next to his teammate. Steve takes his seat in front of them, Janet hopping back into shotgun. As soon as they’re settled, the car is pulling onto the street, weaving between the hectic traffic to get them to the airport as quickly as possible.
Ty’s lips pull together and push out, mulling his next words over in his head carefully before speaking. “I did come to make sure you’re alright, Tony. I care about your well-being. When I heard about the assault, of course I came as soon as I was able.” He pauses again. Every sentence is as calculated as ever, even when it’s just the two of them. He’s always hated that about Ty. “I also thought I should be the one to tell you.”
Steve hesitates, not wanting to leave the counter just yet. “You said he’s stabilized. Is he going to be okay? Do you know what caused this? I was told on the phone it was an assault.”
Tony laughs, clutching the stairwell railing as he swings himself around it. "Yeah, just follow me."
The thing is, Steve isn't sure exactly how he feels about this, despite Tony’s assumptions. He doesn’t know anyone...
Tony continues to glare angrily out the passenger side window, doing his best not to react. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he replies defensively.
is just icing on the cake. It doesn’t bother the two of them, but Steve does wonder what their closest friends will think if they ever find out. Would people on the outside think Steve is taking advantage of Tony? That he’s some sort of predator who can’t get anyone his own age to love him so he has to manipulate someone just starting to get their life together? Of course, he knows that’s not the case and that he and Tony are a very special circumstance, but those are definitely thoughts that have crossed his mind.
. They’re barely contained in the dugout, Tony having climbed up onto the ledge because standing on the tips of his toes just wasn’t enough, Steve’s upper body hanging out of it. Both their breaths catch on the wind-up, the naked eye not quite quick enough to track the tiny blur of white as Herrin fires his third pitch towards Thor.
There are still boxes pushed into corners and spare closets, framed but unhung graphic design art pieces leaning against the walls and stacked on top of each other. The bookshelves around the place are full but unorganized, and the furnishings only look passable because of the interior designers he had hired to fix up the place. It still doesn’t really feel like
He doesn’t pay the request much mind, following her out of the gym and down the slow curved pass to her office. “What’s up?”
Excited cheers rise up but Tony blocks them out. It’s far too early for celebration when they have such a strong opponent today.
Pierce smiles tightly and squeezes Tony’s hand with a bit more force than necessary, and Hill and Coulson each shake his hand as well before filing out after their boss like the yes-men they are.
“I just don’t think anyone should walk around alone, no matter how far,” Steve answers earnestly. “I was actually thinking about walking myself since I’m not too far from here. Whereabouts are you?”
It's never ending. Tony stands casually straight now, his hands on his hips in a relaxed manner. “Jesus Christ, is your pitcher ever actually going to do something? Didn’t know it usually took this long to give us a walk.”
life every time I go outside! No one fucking deserves that, Steve, and especially not you. So I’m ending it.”
“Hold your horses, Jesus,” Tony mutters to no one in particular, now hopping on one foot as he makes the one last trip to his bedroom to make sure he wasn’t forgetting anything.
Rezzo grabs him by the top of his head, giving him a fatherly shake. “I knew you could do it, kid. Well done, well done, absolutely phenomenal. Alright guys, bunch up, bunch up.” He keeps an arm around Tony’s shoulders as they all gather in the dugout for the extended break between innings, some kind of raffle taking place to entertain the audience during it.
The nurse is just as frazzled, luckily not even bothering to look to Steve for some kind of confirmation of the claim. “I-I apologize, it’s not listed here in the documentation—”
Steve and Bucky exchange surprised looks before turning their gaze back to Peggy who is smirking at them with her well-known, red-lipped smile. "The Stars are lucky to have scooped the two of you out of the Double-As when we did. In all my years of baseball, I don't know if I've ever seen two people play off each other as well as you two do. Welcome to the team and we hope you stay with us."
. Even though Tony has never met Coach Romanoff before today, there is a small, sane part of his brain that concludes that maybe pushing that final button isn’t the best idea.
The problem is that Tony’s cold shoulder feels selective. If he’s having trouble getting socially adjusted to his new environment, it’s not something he lets the rest of the world see. Steve starts to notice that Tony graces the tabloid section of the newsstand outside his apartment every other morning. It’s no wonder he keeps showing up to practice hungover when he’s apparently out partying with New York socialites every night.
He can’t help but be angry with Natasha, and he lets his frustration be known as soon as practice ends and the rest of the team hits the showers.
They had all thought convincing Tony to take the job would be a lot harder than it ended up being. Carol had suggested it as a joke over drinks one night as they were pawing through resume after resume to find a good fit for their rag-tag little crew. Suddenly they were taking the throwaway comment into serious consideration, and before they knew it they had approached Tony with the idea. He had already decided on retiring from the Yankees, Steve figuring he would go back into being a distant advisor and investor through Stark Industries as a man who hadn’t even hit his forties yet and had a life that was far from over.
Luckily, he doesn’t have the displeasure of running into Hammer at the hotel or the stadium when they arrive for their second and last day of practice. This time they run through a couple of scrimmages, splitting the team in half so everyone gets their opportunity at both offensive and defensive positions. He and Bender trade off, Tony analyzing his pitching style while he waits on the sidelines. He’s not as precise as Tony, but he’s definitely got the skill and strategy that will make for a strong opener for the team and someone Tony isn’t embarrassed to call his partner in this. Really, sharing the mound with a blind, one-armed monkey would still be a step-up from sharing it with Hammer.
Tony throws the door open, the suspicion on his face quickly turning into surprise. He blinks at Steve, even rubbing his eyes before he allows himself to accept the figure standing in front of him as reality. “Steve? What are you doing here?”
“You know, it’s funny you bring that up,” she puts a hand on his arm, halting them from going any further. “I actually want a moment with you, Steve. Can we take a seat?”
“Hm, and yet here we are,” Tony heaves out a loud sigh. “What are you on about anyway? Aren’t you alone in
Steve wipes at the corner of his mouth with his napkin. “It would also mean you getting the chance to play for a Major League team alongside people at your caliber.”
Everyone was dying for an inside scoop. Steve had the luxury of being officially retired after his great big public display of affection, feeling a small amount of guilt that Tony couldn’t hide away so easily. Part of him feared for Tony’s safety, just as he always will, but luckily nothing to the extent of the original incident has happened. Sure, insults are hurled at them from the occasional stranger on the street. There are still protesters outside of their games yelling about sodomy and sin. There will always be reporters so afraid of the truth that two male athletes could’ve fallen in love that they create conspiracies that it’s all some big PR stunt.
“Tony,” Steve balks at him as the woman slides open the little glass door and gives Tony all of his chips. “That’s insane.”
Steve is too shocked to respond for a moment. They had never explicitly talked about their contracts with each other, but Steve was under the impression from Phillips, Peggy, and almost everyone on the team they were being treated as a package deal.
“Sorry guys! Must’ve been some kind of power surge in the building!” Tony yells over all the commotion. They don’t need to know that he’s the one who rigged it.
Four-Seam Fastball: straight as an arrow, Palmball: a slower changeup, but thrown with the same arm motion as a fastball, Sinker: a quick pitch that would run in on a right-handed hitter, but curves down and away from a left-handie.
The buzzing from the speaker by his door grows incessant as Tony rushes around his apartment. He stubs his toe on a stray wrench that had somehow become sentient and found its way in the middle of his living room, sending it skittering across the hardwood floor.
“You’re insufferable,” the words irresponsibly fall from his lips, Steve’s fingers curling into fists where they rest on his knees.
“Two more times, Isaiah, two more times,” Steve mumbles under his breath, watching the next batter step up. Reyes is a force to be reckoned with, easily the best batter on Pittsburgh’s side. He’s already gotten three home runs in this game alone, and if he does it now it’s going to be a huge hit to the Stars’ morale in these final minutes.
“What do you want me to say, Steve? That I love you?” He asks in exasperation, throwing his hands up. “Because I do, okay?
Tony’s inebriated mind supplies insidiously. “What, Mr. Honor and Justice doesn’t like when the truth gets thrown back in his face?” Tony asks mockingly, placing his hands on his hips. “Just admit you’re too much of a coward to end things. You want me to move away and be so busy in the Majors that it’s impossible for us to keep this up! Sure, blame circumstance because you’re too chickenshit to admit to yourself that this entire thing was all some midlife sexuality crisis and that once I’m out of the picture you can finally be
Tony’s eyes quirk upward, impressed as the man darts off to pass the orders along to Lana. “Keep those Old Fashioneds coming too!” He calls after the manager, the man giving a thumbs up in acknowledgement. “Alright, let’s get started then,” he cracks his knuckles before walking up to the kiosk on the wall to trade in their cash for chips.
A soft clang rings out through Steve's loft as his metal door slides shut after Bucky. It’s still weird having his own place all to himself, though loneliness isn’t the reason why it’s so strange. Steve finds comfort in his own solitude, but not having Bucky as his roommate made him anything but comfortable. Growing up they had always shared a block, and once they got their own places away from their parents, they had continued to live together.
Tony nods slowly as Steve affirms pretty much everything Bucky had helped him fill in the blanks on. He looks up at him, worry creasing his expression. “What will this mean for us?” He asks quietly, afraid to voice it out loud.
With suspicion only rising, Tony does as is asked of him, a foreboding sense that closing this door is sealing his fate in a way. He crosses the room, eyes flickering between the three figures. He vaguely recognizes the man in the nicer suit, the one who had been sitting in his own seat while his colleagues shared the couch. He steps forward first, holding a hand out. “Alexander Pierce. It’s nice to finally meet you, Anthony.”
Tony still looks skeptical as he gives Steve a once-over, leaning casually against his door frame. “Did you run all the way here?”
to pretend he’s not entirely repulsed by the unprompted conversation. Everyone is bustling around the locker room in preparation for their first exhibition game, no one noticing the sharp line of tension between the two.
She gives a half-shrug, tucking a lock of blonde hair that had escaped from her ponytail behind her ear. “We’re technically on break. And, please, like I don’t know you break it all the time.”
The rest of Tony’s stat card doesn’t disappoint. First off, Steve wants to know if it’s at all possible for there to be any typos on this thing. Every single statistic puts him
Tony feels an odd weight lifted when it’s time for the seventh inning and he finally sees Steve jog out onto the field. The Avengers are back in the lead now, and Natasha has been sparing as far as substitutions go. Now, there had been a pretty big shift in regards to the line-up, both in the outfield and on the batting roster. The closers are in, and at this point they can’t risk losing anymore of their players, down to their last substitute after all the injuries that have occurred.
The IL coach looks cool on the surface, but Tony can tell he’s nervous. Their opening pitcher hadn’t been doing so hot, sure, but with Tony up to the plate, they need someone who’s going to try and take him by surprise. Well, two can play at that game. Tony alters his position, switching to the other side of the plate. Greene doesn’t look that concerned when Tony moves to pitch left-handed. He supposed the coach was well aware that Tony was a switch-hitter, and would’ve chosen an opponent who could easily accommodate this. Tony’s original plan was going to be to hit it to the left fielder, who he observed to have the slowest reaction time. He could still do it while batting left-handed, but now that was the expected direction for the ball to go in. The outfielder would be on high alert.
It’s the first time he’s been back in full official uniform. The greys, reds, and whites look good on him, and Steve has to hold back from telling him just
They proceed through the motions. Everyone stands and removes their hats for the national anthem, Rezzo and Obadiah both say their peace before shaking hands, and the announcers remind everyone to stick around after the game ends to see which player from each team wins the coveted MVP award, and then it’s time. The organ-player slams away at the keys as everyone takes their positions, a chorus of “Play ball!” erupting from the spectators.
Tony drops down onto his knees next to Steve’s chair. Steve’s sketchbook is filled with gesture lines shaping into the cliffs and hills, aimless but still purposeful. He’s captured it beautifully without any value or color, just breaking it down to their bare necessities.
“You don’t know that,” Steve insists, following after him. “That pitcher had been watching you for the entire inning. You were not going to get away with that steal.”
, is her repeated mantra. They start spending more and more time together, taking advantage of the nice facilities that the Nationals Stadium holds. Other than doing one-on-one training in the gyms, focusing on different areas to improve Tony’s physicality, there’s also an entire room of computers and monitors dedicated to running back plays and viewing games. Other than Ty who has a life of his own, Tony doesn’t really have any other friends in the area to spend his time with. He starts sticking around after home games to review the tapes. Whereas before he would normally be examining his opponents to try and work apart tells or patterns in their play style, these Major League players are a lot more versatile than most of the Triple-A. They’re not so one-note, making it much more difficult to find chinks in the armor. Instead, he focuses his attention on their own team to see where improvements can be made.
Rezzo comes to stand next to Tony, placing a hand on his shoulder with a warm smile. “You earned this kid,” he whispers to him, despite the MVP award for their team not being announced yet. As if anyone who watched the game expects the honor to be be bestowed upon anyone else.
Steve walks into the stadium, greeting a couple of the other players who had the same idea he had to come back a little early and make sure they’re not too out of shape before Natasha pummels them back into what she deems acceptable. There’s a lot of new faces now. Steve blocks out the feeling of sadness as he’s greeted by his teammates, old and new, who all have that same moment of recognition in their eyes.
Tony whirls around after pressing the button for the lobby, his hand flying to cover his gaping mouth. “Wh-What? That’s what we’re doing? I-I had no idea!” He exclaims, dramatically gripping the railing inside the elevator as if he’ll collapse if he doesn’t hang tight. Steve swings one of his garment bags at him, smacking him in the face with it.
,” He quotes aloud. “Words spoken by my father. A good mantra for life in general, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Then you won’t mind if I work you hard later, hm?” Tony looks at her so sensually that even Steve flushes. If he was a woman who was even marginally attracted to Tony, he isn’t sure how he’d be able to resist that kind of charm directed right at him.
Natasha notices Steve's lingering. "Strange is fine with filling in as pitcher if that's what you're worried about. Rochester’s batting line up is hardly a threat. We don't really need Tony as our ace pitcher this game."
“Shhh, shhh! Tony’s on!” Rhodey calls out to the group, grabbing the remote and turning up the volume as they all turn to the TV.
“Your technicality isn’t what I’m calling into question. You’re playing like any average pitcher, instead of playing like
The ump stands by his decision, meaning that their pitcher is only one poor throw away from giving up the lead they had started with this inning. The argument having wrapped up, Tony hops back to his left, giving up a few feet of his lead-off just in time for the pitcher to turn around, checking that the only current base runner is still keeping himself on first. There’s a lot of pressure weighing down on the pitcher right now, the catcher also completely preoccupied as they try to settle what pitch to attempt next. Trying to throw off the batter with another pitch outside of the strike zone is too dangerous; They can’t risk giving up a walk. With Tony as a lower priority, it’s as simple as Tony taking off at full tilt, simultaneous with the fastball.
, just shy of hitting his prostate. “Enough with the gentle shit, I don’t think our team’s showers are the place for some tender love and care.”
“I’m sorry,” Maria apologizes, but it’s not directed at Howard. “Where are our manners, Steve? We were talking about you after all.”
“It’s going to be okay, Tony. You’re not alone in this. I know it’s been tough so far, but I promise it’ll get better. Keep powering through. Make them see that they’re wrong about you. About us.” She pulls away from him, placing her hands on his shoulders. “It was incredibly brave
Steve stands there in awe as Tony gets into the driver’s seat. "Is this a Shelby Cobra?" He blurts, still surprised Tony isn’t cruising around in some newer, European model.
into the mix as well. Might give all the whiny male fans validation to calling me a dyke and god knows what else whenever our team loses and it’s suddenly all my fault.”
Natasha whips her head around, the irritation etched on her face doubling with Clint's question. "Waiting for our newest pitcher," she replies, less heat in her voice than Steve expects. This triggers all sorts of queries from the team.
Tony doesn’t dignify the dig with a response as he walks over to the closet, unzipping his garment bags to try and pick what he’s in the mood for tonight. He pulls out some fitted grey slacks and a dark red shirt, forgoing the suit jacket for now. He stands in front of the mirror, tucking the shirt into his pants and noticing the way the fabric stretches a little bit tighter around his shoulders and chest. He hasn’t had too many of his older suits re-fitted since arriving in New York, but he was sure there were a few tailors he could get some recommendations on. Tony adds a thin gold chain around his neck, dipping his hands into some of his mousse to slick his hair back while it’s still damp. He glances back at Steve who is still unassumingly sitting on the bed, probably reading a bible or something.
Steve’s hands are clutching so tightly to Tony he almost doesn’t try to pull away, but their ten seconds are up, and he has to. He plants his hands firmly on Steve’s chest and pushes himself away, taking a few steps back and wiping a hand over his kiss-bitten lips. He feels someone bump into his back, and then the lights come back on.
"Is the bouncing baby billionaire in twouble?" Clint slurs with an exaggerated pout, hanging onto Natasha for dear life. She slides his arm off her shoulders and he almost slams his face into the bar after losing the only support keeping him upright.
Tony immediately groans and shoves Steve away from him, practically flinging himself over the back of the couch to escape. “
, Steve thinks morosely, the last time having seen them all together in one place like this being at Dugan’s funeral four years ago. It’s a comfort to see that no matter the distance or time, as soon as they’re all back in one place together they’re able to fall into the same habits from years prior.
Steve reaches up and brushes a limp lock of hair back off of Tony’s forehead. “I would love that, honestly. Would you?”
“Has it really been that long?” Tony scratches at his beard. “Some people would call that tradition, y’know. Why break tradition?”
Following the 2-3-2 formula of where games were played in the World Series, Steve is unfortunately stuck in Oakland for the night, the last thing he wants. He moves off the field in a haze, ignoring the people calling out his name. He doesn’t want the crowds and the celebration and the noise, he just wants Bucky.
Hearing that name yanks him back to the edge of consciousness, fighting the heaviness of his lids. “Steve?” He asks quietly, voice feeling far away.
“It’s fixed?” Steve asks incredulously. “I didn’t even tell you what was wrong with it— I mean, I didn’t even know what was wrong, it just stopped working one day.”
Steve wants to trust that Tony would never say a bunch of stuff to anyone from the media "off the record". If a beautiful woman was seducing
The entirety of their teammates in attendance of the game as well as Natasha, Janet, and Pepper are all piled into Steve and Tony’s room, helping one another nurse any sustained injuries after taking some time to sober up. Tony had made it out of the scuffle relatively unscathed other than Hammer managing to swipe his nails across the cheek to leave some scratch marks that were deep enough to bleed. Clint may have gotten the worse out of all of them, Natasha helping him pick small shards of glass out of his forearm from where he had blocked someone’s glass from being smashed into his head.
Work has kept me busy, but I've always had an eye on you." He winks which makes Steve even more flustered than he was before. He’s still trying to process that
“I can’t believe you’re here,” Tony grins down at him, pressing more kisses across his face. He’s clean shaven, Tony’s lips dragging over his sharp jaw with no resistance of stubble.
. Even with his eyes shrouded by orange-tinted spectacles, there is no mistaking that lopsided grin and casual strut onto the field even from a distance. Steve's head is swimming with questions. Tony holds so much notoriety right now that it would be near impossible to keep him transferring teams a secret, especially considering the team he would be leaving is owned by his own family.
Each team lines up in small groups on either side of the pitcher’s mound as a few integral members of the MiLB board come out with a microphone to congratulate both leagues on a spectacular game, Tony zoning out during the yaddah yaddah. Yes, yes, the well-spirited battle between respected players was reward enough, but Tony wanted to fast forward to the good part.
There is suddenly a lot more focus on Steve now. It gets to the point that Peggy has to field out a few of the more personal questions, reminding the media to stick to the parameters set beforehand. Steve isn't sure why his current marital status is that important to the papers, but he supposed not everyone gathered were from reputable sources.
Tony has always been the kind of player who takes his frustration and produces positive results. Any critiques usually bounce right off his impervious exterior, but Steve can’t help but notice from his shortstop position how Tony’s posture is a little more stiff today, the normal jitters that have his hands and feet constantly in motion now quelled. The first batter from the Fisher Cats steps up to plate and Steve almost pities the guy. Almost. Three pitches, three strikes, and he’s out. Not a great start for the visiting team, but their own fans are screaming out their approval, the commentators sure to be hailing Tony’s opening display of dominance on the field.
"Tony, it's four in the afternoon..." Steve says weakly as Tony folds himself up in the passenger seat, pushing his sunglasses up on his nose. He doesn't argue further, because he really wants to drive Tony's nice Bugatti. "Where do you want to eat?"
Either way, he’s grateful for Steve’s insistence on a real, home-cooked meal every now and again. As he watches the man bring over their dinner, setting down the sides dishes in the center of his rickety old dining room table, Tony feels that prickle of sadness dig a little deeper at the thought of ever leaving this behind.
Tony was standing behind Peggy looking impatient but still somehow smug. This kid was taking over his team's attention, his own preferred defensive position on the field, all of Steve's patience, and now this. Steve draws a line in the sand. He doesn't get Peggy too.
Tony swears under his breath, dipping his head low so the brim of his cap covers his expression. He can’t let one player’s carelessness get in the way of the goal at hand, but he sure made this harder. The defensive lineup he’s up against is ridiculously strong, a well-oiled machine who isn’t going to let Tony get away with anymore than a double. That could’ve gotten Nancy all the way home if he played his cards right, but now Tony is up against a behemoth of a defense team with only Steve on first and two outs against him.
"I'm going to get one last refill before I get back to the missus," Howard slurs, holding out his hand to Steve again. "Wonderful finally meeting you, Rogers. Let's keep in touch."
Unwillingly, Tony returns to the edge of the field, still refusing to go sit on the bench. He had been observing the entire game thus far, but now he only has eyes for Steve. He shows no signs of strain or limping, but Tony is still worried for him. He wants to believe the man is responsible enough to know his own limitations, but it feels wrong. Any other circumstance and Steve would’ve happily come off the field.
It all pays off in the end. The season comes to a close, The Avengers yet again returning to the National Championship Game in the post-season. Tony is at the peak of his game, over two months sober, setting records with his pitching. He no longer hides from the world, announcing himself proudly to say
Tony’s gaze cuts over sharply, doing a slight double-take. It’s Tiberius’ dark, charcoal eyes that stare back at him, not Steve’s pale blues. Ty is smiling at him, looking smug for whatever reason— possibly just for catching Tony off guard for once.
“Well, I won’t deny that,” Pierce says with a tight laugh. “Ms. Hill and Mr. Coulson here both used to work with him as well.” Pierce stands up and pulls a slip of paper out of his inner coat pocket, holding it out to Tony. “Mr. Stark, I suggest you at least consider our offer.”
He’s immediately met with a chorus of cheers, all the kids falling into an argument over who gets who on each team. The eventually manage to all split up, little Annie immediately clinging on to Tony’s arm insisting he be on her team because she’s his biggest fan.
Easily maneuvering the smaller man’s body to his liking, Steve spins Tony around and pins him up against the stall wall until they’re nose to nose. He captures Tony’s mouth in a biting kiss, tugging his lower lip between his teeth as he hoists one of Tony's legs up around his waist, lifting him off the ground slightly. His other hanging foot barely skims the ground, Steve feeling his toes curl against his leg as he begins to slide back into Tony.
A few of the players are still grabbing taxis, Steve squinting up at a street sign to try and figure out which stop they had gotten dropped off at. They weren’t far from his apartment, and despite the late hour, all the honking horns and shouting on the street were beginning to wake him back up. He looks over to see if any of the other guys want to pool in on one car, trying to remember which of his teammates live the closest to him. As he ponders this, he notices Tony’s retreating form walking down the street. Steve isn’t sure what compels him to follow, but before he knows it, he’s catching up to the pitcher at a quick jog.
Steve walks past him and opens up the driver’s side door, throwing his duffel bag into the back. “Lucky Blue Dragon?”
To most people, six and a half hours of prep time for anything may seem excessive. Since getting drafted, Steve learned very quickly that this was just the way of baseball. Of course, an entire day of practice leading up to the game isn’t just nonstop drills. There’s plenty of breaks, one-on-one time with the coach, cool-down time an hour before the game begins, and crosstalk about possible strategies and plays in the locker room beforehand.
Plates clatter in the sink as they slip from Steve’s hands, startling the woman. “Barton has a wife? He has
Steve waits outside by Tony's car, leaning against the hood. When Tony comes out of the building and sees Steve, he can already read the distaste in Tony's eyes even from a distance. "You really wanna get me alone, don't you, Rogers?" Tony calls out. His hair is still wet from his shower and he's swimming in an old Malibu Irons sweatshirt that hangs down over some ripped jeans and converse sneakers. He looks... Well, he looks like a twenty-one year old kid for once.
An augury of dread immediately settles over him, a chill striking through his entire body at the unsettling serenity in her tone. “Y-Yes,” he clears his throat in the hopes of stabilizing his shaking voice. “Who is this?”
Despite that, he’s still nervous early the next morning as he kisses a still-sleeping Steve on the forehead goodbye before driving back up to Provincetown to meet her for their run. They didn’t agree on an exact meeting point, but Tony assumes she meant back at the docks. The town is quiet and desolate this early, Tony spotting her lone figure sitting on the same bench she had run into them at the day before.
“Uh, Steve,” Tony interrupts. “I don’t think you’re going anywhere.” He jerks a thumb over his shoulder to the window.
“This is worse than practice,” Strange agrees, mouth hanging open in horrified awe. “I didn’t think that was possible.”
The elevator can't move fast enough as it climbs to the twentieth floor. Steve is lucky no one is waiting to get on, because he would've bowled them right over in his sprint to get to Tony's room.
The doctor nods to the two nurses who quickly exit the room. She straightens her glasses and sets her clipboard on the tray attached to the hospital bed. “He was found by a few pedestrians a few blocks down from a bar over in Kips Bay who called 911. They said he was going in and out of consciousness when they found him, but he was completely out when paramedics showed up. The people who found him said it looked like he was beaten within an inch of his life. We contacted the police in the area to keep an eye out for suspects, but we haven’t heard anything back yet.”
The glass door to the balcony slides open, Bucky and Natasha coming inside and smiling when they see Steve. “Was wondering when the birthday boy was going to show up!” He throws an arm around him, Steve always happy to see his bad arm do something with such ease now. “You have a good weekend?”
Tony's face is still at an impasse as he yanks his hand back and walks back over to the shower. "I know it bothers you, whether you want to admit it to yourself or not," he says, stepping under the shower’s warm spray. Steve watches him push his dark hair back from his face, water sluicing off his back muscles. “Just drop it and treat me like any other player. Pretend you don’t know I like taking it in the ass and that it doesn’t make you not wanna look me in the eye anymore.”
“I can do whatever I want with it, and that doesn’t include throwing five thousand dollars on a 50/50 game of chance.”
Steve eventually has to be the one to call it a night, coaxing Tony out of his chair and into their bedroom. The younger man still clutches at one of the folders, muttering something about win ratios as Steve guides him to bed.
The game continues to yo-yo like that both in action and which team takes the lead. One half of an inning will go smoothly and quickly, while the second gets dragged out with contested calls, injuries, substitutions, and multiple runs in a single play. At the end of the third, the Avengers are up by two. By the fourth, the Irons have pulled ahead by three. The following inning has no scored runs, but instead produces multiple players from both sides removed from play either due to injury or being ejected by the umpires. After a contested play on second where Tony had assisted Rhodey in tagging out a player who had taken too big of a lead-off trying to get to third, the baserunner had decided he wasn’t too happy and tried to pick a fight with Rhodes instead of walking off the diamond. Refs immediately ran in to break it up, ejecting the Irons player from the game. Another risky move sends the Irons’ shortstop away after reviewing the play shows a purposeful collision that had put Clint out of commission. The Avengers lose two more for strained injuries, and then Pietro goes and gets himself ejected for accusing the refs of favoritism when he clearly got to home base before the ball but it’s called out. Another injury for the Irons’ side, and suddenly they’re all down by a few players.
"Go right ahead," Tony allows with a gesture of his hand. "If there's anything I love more than hearing my own voice, it's other people repeating things I've said."
Following Bucky’s lead was all too tempting. The seasons in which Steve had to play without him were miserable. He felt like he had lost his own limb when playing. He had certainly lost his drive, and his performance on the field certainly reflected that.
Tony nods, knowing not to hold his breath. Plenty of the plans they’ve made to try and meet up have fallen through. He’s come to realize it hurts a lot less if he doesn’t expect anything at all from people. Still, Steve keeps finding new ways to surprise him and at least restore an ounce of faith he has in humanity as a whole. The brief, overnight stay isn’t just an opportunity for a good lay; It’s Steve showing him that all the effort is worth it. That he’s worth it.
“It doesn’t matter. We don’t have to talk about it,” he says quickly. He hears some shifting— Steve rolling over. “It doesn’t matter,” he repeats, voice sounding muffled now.
Tony nods. "Of course, sir, but I'm more than just a pitcher. Put me in the outfield, any of the bases, hell, I'll even play shortstop if you want. I just want to help out the team in the best way I can, and the more I play in any other position will help us way more than if I just get an inning or two as a pitcher." This is a total lie; Tony just wants more time in the limelight. He refuses to be outshone in his own starring role, and even he can admit that the other pitchers the PCL chose are pretty good.
The man finally gives in, sliding out of the booth. "Alright, but I'm not climbing up on any of these tables, I'm too old for that." Steve chuckles along with everyone else as Isaiah holds up his tumbler. "I'll keep it short and sweet. It's been an honor playing for this team and only this team throughout my career, and y'all will never find a Captain like me. Here's to my final season."
An almost hysterical laugh slips through, Steve in complete disbelief at this point. Maybe this entire thing is just some crazy dream. Nightmare, even. “You wanted. To ask me.” he repeats slowly.
“Uncle Tony!” Monica is the first to jump out of her seat and fly up the steps to launch herself at him. He’s ready for it, kneeling down to catch her and spin her around in his arms.
The TV flickers off. Tony turns his head the best he can from where he’s laying on his stomach. “I was watching that.”
Tony’s still making a face like he’s not thrilled about this idea either, or maybe that face is because he’s tasting round two of his breakfast again. “Fine,” he deflates, throwing too much cash down on the table and dragging himself out of the booth, heavily gripping onto anything within arms reach. Steve takes pity on him and wraps an arm around his shoulders to help keep him upright, waving politely at the hostess as he helps Tony hobble back to his car.
bite into his pillow, but he’s afraid if he doesn’t have something in his mouth than his neighbors are going to hear him screaming another man’s name.
Steve rubs his eyes as they walk off the stage, the bright flashes of the cameras leaving sunspots in his vision. The papers were probably going to be full of group shots of the Stars’ lead players with Steve blinking like an idiot. He feels a warm hand on his back and turns to see Peggy.
They stay silent for the rest of the ride. Tony drifts off a couple of times, never long enough to actually find peace. It’s almost three in the morning by the time Bucky pulls up to Steve’s apartment. Peering up at the side of the building, Tony can see a faint glow from one of the living room windows in Steve’s unit. He’s waiting up.
Steve swallows. She’s right, he does know that. Janet doesn’t waste anyone’s time, especially her own. “I’ll… I’ll think about it.”
Steve checks his watch. “Actually, it hasn’t been your birthday for fourteen minutes, so that rule no longer applies.”
The stadium is eerily quiet this time of the year. Less players are taking advantage of the facilities, enjoying their break before Spring training starts back up again. There are some players that Steve knows won’t be back here at all, signings having already begun. Steve’s contract had been locked down last year for the foreseeable future in his baseball career. Some players may not want to be trapped on one team for too long, especially if they’re in high demand like Steve, but he held loyalty to the Stars. They had been his team since he was a boy and the thought of only staying on for a year or two then going elsewhere based on dollar signs alone didn’t appeal to him in the slightest. Brooklyn is his home, and this is his team.
He still gets dinner occasionally with Natasha or Janet, sometimes both of them at once, and even though he’s friends with both ladies, it still feels a little professional between them, most of their conversation getting dominated by Avengers business.
Steve is trapped between two different arguments now, turning back to look at Clint and Strange fighting over the remote while the rest of their team goads them on, mixing in a few complaints that they were going to miss the end of the game if they didn’t hurry up.
threw the first punch. Jesus, there were media outlets at the party and now I’m going to have to try and pay off any photographers that might’ve caught that whole debacle on tape.”
“Don’t play dumb, Tony, you’re no good at it,” Steve chides with a wry smile. “I just mean… We’ve been doing
Tony smirks, finally walking over to sit on the armrest next to Steve. "You did join me," he points out.
He along with the five other top performers on the Stars that season are going to get in front of a group of reporters and talk about what it felt like to be going to the finals in the ALCS for the first time in an eight season drought.
And just like that, Steve glosses right over Tony falling asleep next to him last night. Granted, it wasn’t like they had been spooned together; Tony doubts they had even touched last night. He doesn’t really have any concerns with what happened himself, most of his worries centered around Steve making assumptions about his intentions. “I think I’ll pass,” he says eventually.
Steve returns the gibe with a blank stare, his brow furrowing at Tony for a moment before he looks back towards home plate. Awkwardly dejected, Tony scoots a few feet away, spreading his feet in anticipation as he inches closer to his next mark.
Tony turns to see Natasha quietly closing the sliding glass door behind her, walking out onto the porch. She looks much more equipped to handle the December weather, bundled up in a coat, scarf, and gloves.
“We don’t know anything other than they were overseas for business and it appears to be some sort of car accident. Obviously Tony will need some time to grieve so you may not be seeing him for a while. We should all do our best to be supportive to him, whenever he’s ready. That's all,” she climbs down from the chair and quickly leaves the room without another word.
“Tony?” He whispers down the hallway, poking his head into another few rooms. He reaches for a doorknob when it suddenly swings away for him, an arm shooting out and seizing him by the tie to drag him into the room.
He pauses, hand on the knob. He can almost see a smile on her face, but it doesn’t quite reach her eyes.
Peggy looks as equally surprised. He hasn't seen her in person since the last time he left her office after being dismissed from the Stars and that was about three years ago. "Steve!" she greets with a smile once the shock has subsided. She hugs him and he welcomes the embrace. She pulls away, holding him at arm’s length. "You look good. I hear you're captain of this team now," she's beaming at him and he feels a swell of pride.
Tony waits until his second beer is done before he speaks. “I like women, I like their company, I like their bodies. I’ve had sex with women and while it was enjoyable at the time, it doesn’t quite interest me anymore.” He’s leaned forward now, voice low, hushed. His mission is no longer to make a scene, but keep a private conversation between the two of them. “I like sex with men and I’ve always been attracted to them—since as long as I can remember really. If that makes me gay, then I guess I’m gay.”
“Tony!” Steve calls, chasing him down as the boy tries to make his escape to the parking lot. Tony looks like he’s going to try and ignore Steve completely, but no one else is around in the long stretch of hallway leading out to the parking lot.
Tony didn’t pay for all of it of course. They went in on it together, Steve having plenty saved up from his illustrious career to be able to look into all sorts of real estate options in New York. Tony helped him pull the trigger on the dream he had expressed to him so many years ago in that diner of the little house upstate. It had been a long process to find the perfect fit for them, but Steve was happy with the decision they made and knew that this is the kind of house Sarah would be happy to see him living in if she were still here.
“You’re calling the shots today, Pete. Make sure to give us that strong lead I know you can. I want the other team
“Yeah I get that a lot, unfortunately,” Tony glances over to where the rest of his team is waiting. Steve keeps casting curious glances their way, mouth pressed in a tight line as he worriedly looks between him and Fury. “Will that be all, sir?”
, and if Tony hadn’t looked back to the catcher to see his gaze focused on Tony, even from a distance. Almost imperceptibly, the pitcher glanced back over his shoulder as well. So they had a signal for steals. Tony would have to cut that shit right now. He’s had just about enough of being in the golden boy’s personal bubble at this point.
Tony looks just as confused as the rest of them, and even though Steve can’t hear what he’s saying to their manager, he can tell it’s all protest. Strange gives a helpless shrug as he steps onto the pitcher’s mound, Steve watching as Janet gently takes Tony by the elbow and begins to lead him off the field, keeping her head down as they go. Tony shoots a quick glance over his shoulder at Steve, but he barely gets a glimpse of him before the whistle is being blown again, signaling play to resume.
“Sorry, Peter Parker, not Quill,” Steve corrects, looking over his shoulder with an amused smile. “I think he’s still pacing around in the lobby trying to gather the courage to come meet you.”
“Thanks,” Bucky cuffs his shoulder, letting him know there are no hard feelings. The Stars get one more run in before getting their third out, tying it up yet again. At the top of the sixth inning, still no progress has been made. Steve is trying his best to focus, but he keeps finding his eyes drawn over to observe Bucky. He’s playing hard, extending himself to get those outs they need. The Mockingbirds have switched it up from their bunting method, now challenging the outfielders, specifically center field.
Steve sighs. “At least you’ll be close… that’s gotta help, right? Maybe after our game I’ll be able to make it over to the Bronx and catch the end of yours.”
Steve is quiet for a long moment. Tony hasn’t really made it clear whether or not he would be going, which makes his stomach lurch uncomfortably. “And what does Pepper think you should do?” Steve knows Tony well enough to know that there isn’t anyone with opinions he puts any stock into aside from that woman. “And Janet and Natasha?”
She nods with a pleasant smile before clearing her throat and tipping her head towards Steve. “Well, don’t be rude. Aren’t you going to introduce us?”
“It’s nothing serious,” Steve tries to brush off, thinking that even to his own ears the words sound like lies. Of course he wants
“Oh yeah?” Tony challenges before shoving his glass off the table as hard as he can. It smashes to the ground, amber liquid splashing across the hardwood floor as the glass shatters. “Is this
“I’ll just have a black coffee,” Steve replies. The way the waitress is batting her eyelashes at him, he suddenly prefers her attention being focused on the man sitting in other side of the booth.
“Yeah, I think I worked up quite the appetite after all that,” Tony grins. “What’re you thinkin’, Lucky Blue?”
“Oh, Mr. Stark!” Someon is suddenly calling out to them as they walk into one of the Poker rooms, Tony turning to see a portly man dressed in all black walking up to them. The name tag on his lapel indicates he’s a manager of some kind, but as far as Tony’s concerned, he’s never seen the guy before. “I had no idea you’d be visiting us tonight! You should have called ahead, we would’ve prepared private rooms, our best girls, we’re so happy to see you back at the Aria!” He grins toothily at him, capturing him in a vigorous handshake.
“I think,” Tony takes a sip of the Bloody Mary. “I think a morning run sounds good right about now.”
Tony lifts an elbow to peek up at him and wordlessly pushes a box by his foot closer to them. “Voilà.”
All of them watch the match unfold on the edge of their seats, ignoring the dirty glares they’re getting from hotel staff and guests for making a bit of a disaster in the lobby, taking up all of the available seating and having extremely loud reactions every minute or so of play. Janet and Natasha are standing behind the group, both watching with quiet intent. There’s a lot riding on this for both of them with Natasha being the first (and currently only) female coach in the Minor League, and Janet trying to bring back the glory of a team she had been managing for so long. No matter what the outcome of this game was, Steve needs to make sure they know how much they are appreciated, and that the Avengers wouldn’t be half the team it is without them— Championship game or not.
Unfortunately, the rest of the game isn’t as picture perfect. It takes another inning for the Mockingbirds to recover, but the Stars find themselves at the bottom of the fourth now a point behind. They don’t get a single run, and that kind of inning can be detrimental to a team’s morale.
They lay on their backs, reclined on the natural slope of earth to stare up at the pale dawn sky, thin wispy clouds lazily drifting along overhead. The occasional gust of wind coming up from the cape below feels good against his sweat-slicked skin, the two of them enjoying the silence as they lay side by side, hands barely touching just to assure the other one that they are still here.
“Anytime, brat,” she laughs fondly into his ear. Suddenly she tears away from him, running out of the group as Clint and Pietro break through the crowd with a water cooler hoisted over their shoulders. No one else joins them in their dubious pursuit, Natasha screaming at them that she’ll have them running suicides until their legs fall off if they get anywhere near her with that. Tony laughs as they streak around the field, Natasha much faster and more nimble than the two hauling around the container, spilling more on themselves than their coach in the attempt to douse her.
It’s any other day. Steve’s fun fact calendar that Bucky got him as a joke (that had actually made itself very useful and became a little joy Steve looks forward to every morning) informs him that it’s the Ides of March. Curious, Steve rolls over in bed, leaning closer to his nightstand to squint past the blurry haze in his freshly opened eyes and read the blurb beneath the big red 15.
Tony finally came to a stop, turning to hold Pepper by her arms. “Pep. Just stop. I get that you’re doing your job. And I love you for it. But I’m not in the mood right now, and there’s nothing you can say that’s going to get me to go back out there. Now can we just go back to the hotel?”
The sounds that spill out of his mouth are absolutely heavenly, head tilted back in euphoria with one hand bracing himself against the tile wall while the other reaches up and backwards to hold onto Steve by the hair. Steve experiments with his strokes, eyes closed as he curls his body into Tony’s, face pressed into the back of one shoulder. With an arm wrapped around his middle, he feels every little cue the pitcher’s lithe body gives off, switching up the pace or the angle in accordance to whatever garners the best reaction. Steve doesn’t need anything further to bring himself pleasure, his own erection settled against the curve of Tony’s ass. There are times when Tony’s hips begin to move so sporadically that all Steve really has to do is hold out his loose fist for him to fuck, but he manages to get his other hand on Tony’s hip, fingers digging in to hold him still so he can bring him off properly.
"I'm not afraid to call security, Rogers," Tony barks, and it stings. He hasn't referred to Steve by his last name in so long. They were making progress and with one little misunderstanding and Steve caring a little too much, all that is down the drain.
Tony glares at him angrily, but his embarrassment betrays him by flushing his cheeks and the tips of his ears pink. “I
The starters are already taking up their positions in the field, Tony rushing to grab his mitt from the dugout and get to the pitcher’s mound. As the home team, they’ll defend at the top half of the inning and then go on the offense. His own spot on the batting roster will be filled by designated hitters today, Natasha not wanting to risk any additional strain or injury since Tony is determined to pitch for all nine innings. It’s a trade off he’s not happy with, but willing to take to keep a hand on the wheel at all times.
The inside of the truck is silent for a few minutes as Bucky pulls back onto the deserted highway. The dashboard clock reads almost one a.m. now, Tony letting the guilt settle over him. Steve probably is pretty worried by now, especially since Tony didn’t take any means of contact with him. Then again, Steve hadn’t even come after him in the first place, so how much does he really care?
They run out from behind their fort, round plastic sled raised up in front of Steve to block the snowballs as the children behind them let out their battle cries. The children on Team Tony immediately start screaming as well, furiously chucking snowballs with no avail. The makeshift shield blocks every last one, Steve charging forward until the kids are forced to scatter as he goes crashing into the fort.
Peggy sets a hand on his, bringing his gaze back up to hers. She’s smiling at him, soft and understanding. “A while.”
. For a few years there, I thought you did too. I’ve made some pretty bad decisions in my life, but being with you has been the worst. It ruined my fucking life, Steve.”
“Hm,” Bucky ponders for a moment. “Yeah, I remember Barton, that guy’s pretty cool. Sure they won’t mind if it’s just me?”
As Steve waits for the computer to boot up, he realizes he isn’t quite sure where to begin. He opens up a web browser and just searches "Tony Stark". The top search results look to be mostly gossip headliners that have little to do with sports, including an image from the news broadcast he had seen earlier that day. He doesn’t want recent; he wants some gaps filled.
“Hm? No, I’m walking home. My building isn’t that far from here,” He keeps trucking ahead, not slowing down for Steve’s sake.
Unfortunately the snap decision was just in increment too slow. Hammer makes it safely to third before the ball connects with Cleese’s mitt. Tony swears under his breath, catching the absolutely shit-eating grin on Hammer’s face as he straightens up. “Too slow, Stark!”
She levels her sageful eye on him. “And don’t you think you proved that point? We won the Championship last year, Tony. We beat your old team. So mission accomplished, right?”
Other players from both leagues are getting checked into their rooms or conversing in the lobby. Tony recognizes a large of number of them, exchanging a few waves with some of his old Pacific Coast acquaintances who didn’t totally hate his guts when he played against them. A scan of the room showed no signs of any Irons players yet, but since they were fairly close, they might not be getting in until later tonight or early tomorrow.
Steve’s hand comes down on Hammer’s shoulder. “Son, just don’t,” he warns condescendingly. “I’m going to suggest that you’ve had too much to drink and need to excuse yourself before you say something you really regret.”
Her pencilled eyebrows draw upwards in surprise and she pockets the cash. “Jeez. I’ll blow you out back for that kind of tip.”
Bucky immediately drops his fingers away from the joint, shrugging it off with a lopsided smile that didn't convince Steve for a second. "It's fine, as always. Needs a little oil is all.”
“I’m really okay,” he says, standing solidly, shifting his weight from foot to foot. He’s clearly testing it out despite his outward confidence. “I’m just getting old,” he chuckles.
"I've been pushing him in that direction for years, Peg. He'd more likely try to overthrow me as CEO before he'd strap on his cleats again."
"I do have one request," Tony says as he makes his way towards the center of the diamond. "I want to see everyone's warm up swing. Does that sound fair?"
The Us Plans have sort of become a regular occurrence in Steve’s routine ever since he discovered Tony’s secret last year. The only person he’s really bothered to hang out with one-on-one in his life of navigating adult friendships has been the person he was always with even as a kid, and that’s Bucky. With his best friend living his own life upstate, Steve is lucky that the pair of them manage to make the time to visit each other. Steve’s schedule makes it hard, especially during travel weeks, but he still gets to see Bucky at least a couple of times a month.
, and this just doesn’t feel sufficient. He spins Tony around and presses him up against the wall, Tony letting out a slight hiss as his skin reacts to the cool tile. He can feel the goose flesh rising up on his arms and chest as he braces himself against the wall, Steve taking his hardness in hand to line up with Tony’s entrance. He wants to tease him at first, expecting a little resistance as he presses just the head of his cock inside of him, but he slides right inside by an inch, and he can tell it’s not just the slight added lubrication of the water.
A tapping sound jolts Steve out of his reading, his eyes adjusting to the darkness of the room— when did the lights turn off? He looks towards the door where Mandy is standing. She lifts her hand, jingling a hefty set of keys at him. He quickly logs off the computer and lets her lock up. "Sorry, got caught up in my research."
The players all line up, looking around uneasily before falling into a random order. Steve is towards the end of the line, second to last.
Tony’s steadfast gaze finally concedes, falling in shame to the floor. “I appreciated everything you did for me, Steve. All of it. Since the beginning. I couldn’t keep taking from you. You deserved your own life, not one spent worrying about me.”
He does make the time to excuse himself, going back to his hotel room to call Bucky. Of course, his longest friend had known as soon as it happened, always staying on top of the games. Honestly, he’s kind of similar to Tony in that sense, somehow always knowing what’s going on. They end up talking for an hour, just catching up and reminiscing in some of their memories from big moments like this that they had when playing for the Stars. Emotions heightened from the events, Steve has trouble not breaking down and sobbing on the phone. He’s not quite sure how he manages to keep himself past hysteria, eventually saying goodbye so he can go back and celebrate with his team.
The ice clinks softly in Howard’s glass as they walk, a melodic chime accompanying them as they round another corner. Howard opens a set of sliding wooden doors, gesturing for Steve to enter. “Wow,” he can’t help but breathe out as he walks in, taking in the room.
“Sweetheart, wait just one moment, don’t go back to sleep just yet. Stay with me, Tony— just a little bit longer. The doctor is coming— Steve will be right back too.”
Tony lifts his head minutely, cracking an eye open at Steve with a raised eyebrow. “Oh, I’m sorry, was this seat taken?” Steve asks dryly.
“Tony has, um, he’s been doing pretty well in the Triple-A’s, at least,” Steve continues meekly, the air around the ridiculously-sized dining table growing more hostile by the second. “It might’ve been a management issue, maybe. I know tons of players who can be a little rough around the edges until they get the right kind of team surrounding them and are able to really shine.”
The fury doesn’t leave Janet’s eyes, but it’s also two in the morning, a time when someone can only muster so much anger before needing to deflate. She glares at all the players around the room, assessing the damage. She points at the door, arm in a stiff, straight line. “Everyone back to their rooms. Need I remind you that most of you have a flight back to New York in a few hours? Get some sleep. I’ll yell at you properly once we’re all back on the East Coast.”
“Tony!” Thor greets in a booming voice. There’s two rows of seats in the rear section of the car, Tony crouching as he climbs into the back.
He turns on the radio to hear the weather report for the day, needing to know if he’ll have to take a break halfway through his training day to dig his car out from the snow if he wants to have any hope of leaving.
Reyes connects the bat with the ball, easily earning himself a double despite Brooklyn’s best efforts. Steve watches Isaiah wipe some sweat from his brow, praying that their pitcher can keep it together.
"Yes I am," he nods, then remembers what he read in the papers yesterday morning. "Never mind my promotion, what about yours? Congratulations! I mean, the first woman to ever own a major league baseball team? It's literally going down in the history books. So well-deserved, Peg, I'm really happy for you."
Where Steve had expected Tony to only draw back further, to become more hostile after letting Steve see him so vulnerable, he actually seems to open up, as minuscule as the change is. There’s no way he can know exactly what Steve and Howard had discussed about him, but maybe he can tell that whatever they had talked about made Steve ease up a little as well.
His walls have dissolved completely, Tony almost choking on the scornful apathy in the air. “I bet you’re fucking pleased.”
"Sorry to hear that," Tony says, and he does sound very sorry. Steve didn't know Tony had a sympathetic bone in his body. "But I bet your mom would still want you to buy that house for yourself. Settle down with a nice wife and your 2.5 kids." Tony dips another sausage in an obscene amount of syrup before shoving it in his mouth. "Regular nuclear family."
Bucky wolf whistles at the group, grinning as he sidles up next to Steve by the mini bar. “Well don’t you guys clean up nice?” He asks teasingly, looking Steve over and straightening his boutonnière. “You nervous?”
“It’s not going to matter how hard you push yourself if we win this game and you injure yourself before we even get to the Series,” Steve sighs in frustration. “We can afford for you to sit this one out.”
Steve notices. Maybe Howard just means if Tony ever makes it into the Majors. He’s still young and early in his career, but clearly possesses the skill to be associated on the walls next to the rest of these players. Maybe it’s not so much whether or not Howard considers his son good enough, but
He drains another glass of bourbon as Steve sets the table, bringing over the chicken parmesan he’s made them for dinner. While Tony is more than happy with takeout and restaurant food, Steve makes it a point to cook for him as often as he can. Sarah was apparently a big proprietor of the kitchen, but Tony suspects that also just has to do with their class differences. Maria never stepped near a stove in her life, but who needed to when you could just hire a staff of chefs to do all the meal prep?
“I'm not,” Steve immediately denies, only then realizing that his name hadn’t been called at all. “But why is Tony on shortstop? Why not pitcher?”
The Knights may not be the most welcoming (aside from Sam Wilson, who Tony is pretty sure doesn’t really like him and is only nice to him as a courtesy to Steve), but Tony still wants to be on a winning team. He doesn’t want their approval, but he deserves their respect. He presents his findings to Carol who gives him the validation he’s searching for, more often bypassing their supposed team captain to instead have Tony offer his input towards strategies and plays.
“Alright, my turn,” Tony holds out his hand for the camera, fingers impatiently waving for him to hand it over.
What begins as an adolescent embarrassment of being caught necking your boyfriend by a neighbor quickly morphs into genuine shock and alarm. Tony’s bashful laugh dies in his throat as he pulls his face away from Steve, the color draining from his face when he realizes the female voice belongs to his coach.
"Where is Chester Phillips?" a reporter calls from the crowd. "Is his illness worse than what we were led to believe at the last statement made during the exhibition games?"
For the past five years he’s been helming the ship of the Avengers alongside Carol who took over as owner when Fury passed seven years prior. When Natasha had initially taken her maternity leave, they brought in Grant Ward who had apparently been a very subpar Coach according to Carol. When it finally came time for Natasha to retire, they were struggling to find a suitable replacement and weren’t looking to get burned again. As far as baseball went, it was a rather quick turnover time for the entire managing staff of the team. Fury, Janet, and Natasha had been a united and well-established front for so long that once the power had shifted onto Carol, Steve, and Natasha’s shoulders, they knew they had big cleats to fill. The Avengers had risen to such prominence under their leadership that once things started to shift, everyone questioned if this would be the end of a well-run legacy.
"I'm very interested," Steve replies honestly, trying not to be offended by Tony's latter jibe. The engineer throws a skeptical look his way. "No, really. I'm all talked out on baseball for the night." This seems to melt Tony by a fraction, Steve earning a subtle nod.
She glances back over the files. “There’s nothing here from any police reports, but I imagine that will be filed and investigated afterwards. He was unconscious when they brought him in, and his injuries do appear to be caused by some kind of physical trauma. That’s all the info I have for you right now.”
"It doesn't matter if we see it or not. He’s already caused all these waves and has barely played two seasons. There’s a point where you can no longer use his age as an excuse for his arrogance. Tony Stark is disrespecting a huge portion of the people in this game, as well as the spectators. Fans, coaches, players, his own teammates— he is turning up his nose at the values these people hold all for what? To be a game changer?"
He seems honest. Relief washes over Tony. At least he doesn’t have to add Homophobic Childhood Friend to his escalating list of outside factors attempting to thwart their relationship.
"…Honestly, I wasn't at all surprised when you went straight to major league from the double-As. I only wished you had graced the triples with your presence. I was in negotiations to buy you for the Irons for two seasons."
So the atmosphere is familiar this season. The entire team is close, and Maximoff is much easier to integrate into their group than the very confrontational Tony Stark. Steve makes a couple of attempts to each out to him, let him know he’s invited to any team outings after practices, or on their off days. The guys normally get together outside of the stadium to grab a beer or just go out to lunch.
As the rest of the wedding party starts to make their way towards the reception, Steve breaks off with some flippant excuses about going to grab more film. Tony goes with the group, chatting casually with Janet but giving Steve a very pointed look before he disappears around a corner.
“Well I want to reopen it,” Steve insists, shifting a little to fix his stare on Tony who reluctantly opens his eyes. “Tony, I want to come out too.”
Maria brushes her hair behind her shoulder. "Well of course I did, everyone knows Mission Point's chefs are much better than La Lanterna's. Your father was being absolutely
As he passes over the bundles and lets the casino worker tally it up, Steve grabs his shoulder, making a choking sound in his throat. “Tony, how much is that?”
Tony hates leaving the stadium in uniform. Steve remembers the disdain on his face as he talked about it one day, making his opinion clear on how he wouldn’t be caught dead walking around in public repping his team like a Boy Scout looking for attention.
I thought it was just some stupid leftover crush from when I was a teenager. Once I realized you were attracted to me too, I thought I could just get it out of my system with a few good fucks, show you the ropes, and then we’d go our separate ways because we’re clearly too different to try and function past that. But,
about baseball!” Tony erupts, slamming his knees into the underside of the table as he shoots up to his feet. “I never have! I couldn’t find a shit to give about this
“Yeah. He was devastated that he just barely missed you. I think he was really looking for a mentor,” Steve laughs. “He never shuts up about you, and I guess Nat let it slip to him that we were pretty close. I’ve got about an entire notebook of questions he wants to ask you one day that I told him I’d pass along.”
Tony snorts, pushing the ice cubes in his glass of water around with his straw, chewing on the end of it as he sucks it down. “Weddings sure do turn you into a sap. You love me enough to dance with me?”
The second pitch goes as expected. Rickenwald makes contact with the ball and initially makes a dash for second, but changes his decision last second when the fielders give him a run for his money, and he has to settle for a single instead. Good. Tony needs as much support as he can get from the rest of the team.
There's no more time for banter before Howard steps up to the microphone, Obadiah returning to his side along with Pepper. "Thank you all for coming this morning. We do have to hit the road for a game in Sacramento fairly soon, so I'll keep this short." He organizes the papers on the podium in front of him. "We're very lucky to have not one, not two, but
Steve pats him on the back. "Yeah, I'll see you tomorrow. Jessica doesn't live with her brother does she?"
The ceremony itself is kept short and sweet, everyone bursting into raucous cheers and hollers as the two share a kiss, Natasha grabbing Bucky by the lapels to drag him closer, the man happily falling into it. As all their guests head back to the main house for food and dance and drink, Natasha rushes them through the photo process, wanting it over and done with as soon as possible. There’s no complaints from anyone else (except maybe Pepper and Janet), but the usually grueling process is alleviated slightly by Bucky’s idea to have Steve take some shots with his Polaroid. He walks around and grabs snapshots of the scenery around them, capturing candids of the wedding party that Nat and Buck will probably cherish more than the “official” photos taken by the photographer. He takes one particular shot of Tony standing off to the side by himself, framed by large ferns and softly backlit against the windows, looking at the newly weds with a fond gaze. Steve will have to keep that one for himself.
“I’ll take that as your forfeit,” she says smugly before dropping the last couple cards in her hand as well before she pushes herself onto her feet. “Water anyone?”
The ride is just as nice as he expected, the wind whipping past him as he gets on the highway and makes his way back into the city. It’s strange that he doesn’t miss it nearly as much as he thought he would. Bucky had the right idea moving upstate, and now the distance between them didn’t feel as large. He’s able to see him almost every weekend, whether it’s at either of their homes or at one of Tony’s games.
Tony waits until he’s facing forward again to roll his eyes. The therapy sessions are completely useless to him, but Steve and Bruce are devoted advocates to its necessity.
love with you. And it scares the absolute, ever-loving shit out of me because I’ve never been in love with anyone except myself. And I didn’t expect to fall for you
Doctor Hallstatt goes on to explain all of his injuries, a long list that Steve has to sit down halfway through just to keep his knees from buckling. Multiple fractured ribs, a gash on the side of his head that needed five stitches, his left wrist and some of the bones in his hand and thumb were broken, and his right suffered a sprain. A slight puncture of his right lung from the injuries to his rib cage was still being treated, a small incision made during surgery to help the trapped air in his chest cavity escape while the tissue heals. For the internal damage, he was given emergency blood transfusions to correct the drop in blood pressure and blood loss, and the other corrections were successful, his wounds properly sutured. Now that the pressure has been alleviated to a substantial level, all that’s needed is time and the damage done to the inside is already healing by itself. Even though the worst of it isn’t outwardly visible, he has countless bruising all across his body from the attack. He suffered a severe concussion that they still need to wait for Tony to regain consciousness to fully assess, but shouldn’t be anything worse than some confusion and short-term memory loss for a few days. The X-Rays of his skull showed a slight fracture near the same site that the stitches were needed, but luckily no sign of brain damage or any trauma to permanently damage cognitive functions.
It’s been months since they’ve seen each other last. After their Cape Cod trip from two years ago, the off-season has been their only set-in-stone point of contact. Their already limited opportunities to visit each other soon slipped through the cracks to the point where they would go months without seeing one another in person. Flying to each other's places was getting harder to do in secret, and they eventually had to rule out Steve coming to D.C. at all unless they had a nearby away game as another reason for him to be there. It was too suspicious, whereas Tony had plenty of contacts in New York that he could be visiting, and they were just sure to never be spotted just the two of them, lest someone connect the dots. Meeting up on the road was too much effort, especially with Tony playing more and more, minus the time he spent benched as punishment for showing up to games drunk and/or hungover. They had to be overly cautious to the point of Tony booking private, discreet hotel rooms in New York just so he wouldn’t be spotted around Steve’s complex.
, really… Yeah, I just ate…” Another sigh. “Mhm… Yeah, I know I do… Thanks, Mom… Yes, I’ll tell her… Alright, love you too. Bye.”
Steve takes a deep breath and looks back to the dugout where Bucky's sitting. His best friend gives him a single nod that Steve returns before readying his stance. It's still the first inning, but just because this isn't a pivotal moment in one of the later innings doesn't mean Steve can't set a bar that will keep the team optimistic moving forward.
than your all. I know this team has at least seven runs in them-- I mean, you guys have to be stockpiling waiting for the end right? That’s why you haven’t scored shit the entire time?” Chuckles ripple through the group. “The dedication to dramatic timing you all have is impeccable, truly, I respect it. As much as I love a last-second twist, let's leave that to the Soap writers and just win this damn thing.”
, Ty. The doctors cleared me to play again after six months, and even my hands will be healed before that. I’ll be good to play by mid-season next year— Pierce and his team knows that, I talked with him and Carol already—”
The fresh wave of anger and hurt ambushes Steve, heat flaring up inside of him and licking painfully at old wounds. “
The song comes to an end and Steve allows Natasha to get pulled away so she and Bucky can cut their cake, making his way around the room to rejoin Tony who’s sitting at a table with some of their former Avengers. He easily slides an arm around the back of Tony’s chair, placing his other in Tony’s hand on the table, resting palm up with fingers twitching in silent request. He laces their fingers together, falling into the conversation on taking bets as to who will be retiring next.
picture perfect. They house was nothing special at first, but the architectural structures were genuine and had character, enough that Steve knew it was the one right away. Tony only had minor renovations in mind, all of which have been completed within the last three years of them owning the home.
Steve ignores him and storms down the hallway towards Peggy's office, not even sure if she’s here today. He rounds the corner and can spot his manager through her slightly cracked door, seated behind her desk, talking on the phone. She's smiling and laughing at something the person on the other line is saying, but that doesn't stop Steve from barging into her office.
“Of course not,” Steve finds his coat hanging on the back of a chair and reads off the address of their farm.
“Yeah, well, we can’t all be Brooklyn born-and-raised,” Tony bumps Steve with his shoulder, slowing his unusually quick pace enough to fall in step with the taller man.
“Not everyone feels the way Pierce did, and even some of them back then may have changed their mind. One day they’ll
Tony makes a sleepy sound in the back of his throat. “I don’t think there’s any formula in the world that could’ve predicted that... Maybe I’ll try to come up with one... I might need the rest of my life with you, though... Gotta collect more data.”
“Yes please,” he sighs, handing her the lighter. He cups both hands around the spark, Natasha easily igniting the end of the stick. He offers his case out to her, one last cigarette waiting.
people to this degree. A part of him that wasn’t a choice, his attraction to men, upsets people more than when he purposely went out of his way to undermine hard work and dedication to the sport they held so dear.
I was working on. So what started out as a joke of me talking to Howard about joining the team ended up… Well, you know exactly how that ended up,” he smiles ruefully at Steve, giving a little flourish with his hands. “Here we are.”
"I've been dead to him for years, what do I care?" Tony ducks out of the way when a wrench goes flying by his head. "Alright, alright, I'm going, jeez!" Tony sets his blowtorch down and wipes his grease stained hands on his pants.
“Oh not this again,” Tony slams his back into his chair angrily, glaring up the ceiling while his hands go up to grip his hair at the roots. “Save the fucking guilt trip, honey, Janet already took me down that road.”
Steve knows the friendly hustle is coming, but it still makes him stumble. “You’re a great player, Buck. I bet you could make it into the rookies with one arm tied behind your back but your parents want you to join the army as soon as you’re done with school.”
That at least puts Steve’s worries of drunk driving at bay. "Okay, thank you." Steve heads back out to the bus, finding Natasha and Janet. "Did you guys know Tony went home already?"
“And none of you thought it might be a good idea to consult me as to what I think is best for the team? You appointed me as captain for a reason and then decided to go right over my head—”
He ends up having his fair share to drink that night, along with most of his teammates. Drinking in excess is a rarity for Steve, which makes him a bit of a lightweight despite his size and stature. He finds himself feeling all bubbly and rosy-cheeked, needing to excuse himself to the bathroom so he can splash himself with cold water and take a few moments to gather himself and sober up.
“Fair enough. Steve, guess that means you’re coming out with me, buddy system and all,” he grins, swatting Steve on the ass.
Steve cups his hands around his mouth as he cheers, aiding in Peggy receiving the loudest applause yet.
the idea that some part of you could still be around to see what I’m doing and hear me now… Well, I just want you to know that I did what I set out to do from the start. Despite Howard’s last-ditch effort to guilt me into going back to the Irons from beyond the grave— big surprise— I didn’t listen. I’m still playing for the Avengers and despite some issues at the start of the season, we’ve been doing really well. I’m going to be playing
Steve is just about to leave the men’s room when he hears Tony's name, making him hesitate. It's a woman's voice speaking, her voice echoing from the other restroom next door.
"Well no one's more capable than you. Chester made the right decision," his smile fades a little. "So he's not doing so well, huh?"
it’s not worse?” She eventually asks, voice full of bitterness and thick with tears as she blows her nose in the corner, having to pace around the room to get her bearings about her again. “Because I’m not.”
“Aw, your boyfriend defending you now, Stark? That’s cute,” Hammer sneers, pushing Steve’s hand off of him. “I remember what it was like sharing a locker room with him,
Janet ushers them along quickly, Tony stopping to sign a few autographs for some of the dedicated fans waiting for their arrival. This causes Thor to stop as well, and soon it’s both Janet and airport security trying to break apart the mini herd that had formed. Half of Tony’s signature gets a little mangled on a photo from his Playgirl shoot as Steve tugs him away by the elbow, but the woman looks thrilled either way.
“You know, I sort of forget you were an engineering student,” Steve remarks in amusement, tilting his head to the side as Tony’s nimble fingers meticulously disembowel his tape recorder.
The two of them share a grin and Tony can’t help but wrap his arms around the man in a tight hug. “I miss you, Obie,” he confesses against the man’s chest.
Peggy had gone over with Steve earlier that day the best way to participate in this press event. He's the only one who hasn't done a junket like this before, even Bucky having attended this same panel last year. They all contribute to answering the questions, Steve trying to jump in at a good time with an original thought that the reporters can scribble down on their note pads. His one fear going into this was that he would do nothing but echo the other player's sentiments, sounding like a parrot in front of all these people. He's definitely speaking the least amount out of everyone at the table, but he hopes he at least doesn't look like he's about to pass out.
Steve thought that maybe he would find the courage to come out during this time. He thought that after the break-up, and after his wound had time to scab over, he would do it. Tony wasn’t around anymore to hold him back from making that decision for himself, so it would be easy, right?
“…I’ll come back when you guys are ready to order,” Dove says quietly before rushing off to her other tables.
He glances outside to where all his friends are sitting. He catches Tony’s profile, laughing at something Monica has told him, unaware of the big-life-decision conversation his boyfriend is having on the other side of the glass. Every time Steve comes to one of his games, or tosses a ball around in the backyard for fun with the man, he
They ride like that all the way into Malibu, Steve busying himself with looking around at the California scenery. If Tony doesn’t want to hold conversation, that’s perfectly fine with him. Honestly, with the amount of vehement hatred that’s normally aimed his way, Steve prefers Tony’s CDs of screeching guitars and powerful vocals (though he did wish the volume was turned down a couple of notches). After about an hour of driving, Tony pulls off the highway and onto a more isolated two-way street winding into the mountains. They get further and further away from the city, Tony turning down the classic rock as they roll up to a massive electronic gate. Steve can hear the ocean's waves from here as Tony punches in the code to let them in.
Tony keeps his hands on the wall without Steve asking him to, his obedience clearly selective. Steve made it clear from the start that he likes to be the one to bring Tony off in the end, especially when Tony’s described his past encounters to him. After everything Tony has given him, Steve wants to make sure the pitcher feels as tended to and liberated as he does.
One corner of Tony’s mouth twitches and the younger of the two elbows him with no real force. He closes his eyes again, crossing his arms a little tighter over his chest as he settles back into the seat. He’s curled up in it, knees against his chest, and Steve is almost a little jealous of his small frame and how easy it looks for him to get comfortable. He never slept well while traveling, to large to fold himself up in the way Tony was able to. There’s clearly no conversation to be had tonight, so Steve closes his eyes and attempts to let his thoughts drift for the next forty-five minutes in an attempt to get at least an inch of rest.
There’s a few moments of silence between them, both of them staring out at the moonlit waters below, the tide lapping lazily against the shore, foam sliding up to hug the black rocks before retreating back into the ocean.
Tony moans in protest, curling his body into a tighter fetal position. Steve cruelly removes the pillow from the top of his head, light exploding into his vision. The pounding headache comes on in full force then, Tony’s hands coming up weakly to cover his face.
It was an ACL sprain. Not a tear, lucky for Steve. Knee injuries were tricky but common in baseball players, tension on the tendons caused by any kind of twisting motion. There was a lot of sudden stopping and pivoting done as Steve was normally third base or shortstop.
“Hm,” Tony makes a sound of his throat that doesn’t sound the least bit interested. He tosses the blanket off his legs and stands up. “You have a lot of movies,” he notes, nodding towards the collection against the wall. There is a large bookshelf next to the TV, pretty much stacked full of VHS tapes as well as some overflow of his vinyl collection that continued on another shorter book case against the other wall, his record player sitting on top of it.
Tony smiles, rolling onto his side to prop himself on his elbow and look down at Steve. He turns his longing gaze from the landscape back to Tony, that shy smile gracing his lips. “Maybe swap out that dream for the house upstate for a house on the cape. And hey, this one’s already ours. We can both just retire and move out here. You sketching the landscapes, me tinkering away, walks on the beach, driving through the hills with the top down, buying a boat and learning to sail… Regular, rural, domestic bliss.” Tony’s joking of course, but a part of him wants the future he’s outlining to be less of a punch line pipe dream and something… tangible.
Steve flashes a look of concern, leaning over to press the back of his hand against Tony’s forehead and cheeks. He’s sure they’re a bit clammy by now, sitting out in the early morning cold, salty mist and morning dew vapors clinging to his skin. “Are you sick? Did you hit your head? Who are you and what have you done to my Tony?”
“I’m not betting anything with you, Rogers,” Tony drones before stepping towards the revolving door. He stops right in front of it, throwing a look over his shoulder. “But if you end up being right, then you have to help me hunt for an apartment.”
The mental preparation for this game has been on par with the physical as far as Tony’s been concerned. He’s done his best to heed Steve’s advice and ignore the media, but it hasn’t been easy. The general public seems to be rallying behind support of the Irons to be respectful to the fact that their founder and team owner had died earlier this year, however, his only son being on the other team has some empathetic people in his corner as well. It’s certainly a dilemma to be in, especially when there seems to be a particularly nasty rumor that if the Avengers lose today, Tony will be going back to his old team. He wouldn’t dream of it in a million years, but of course the media just wants to amp up the drama of the entire situation. Some people even claim that the Avengers winning would be disgraceful, but what would they have the team do? Give the Irons a pity win just to honor Howard’s memory? Tony hates the hypocrisy of it all, not caring what kind of backlash they might receive if--
Steve is god awful at bowling, so he spends most of his time in the arcade. Thor has apparently never been to an arcade either, so Steve has a good time showing him the ropes. There’s a claw machine that Bruce is somehow brilliant at, having the patience and skill to somehow outsmart the rigged machine and pass around stuffed animals to everyone. Between bowling matches there’s a very intense air hockey game between Lang and Quill that takes place that everyone starts placing bets and getting in on, Scott eventually reigning victorious and sending Peter off to bury his woes in beer.
“I didn’t know it could be like that anywhere,” Steve admits, returning the squeeze as they walk down the sidewalk with to-go hot chocolates in hand.
Steve concedes, knowing that Nat’s right and there’s nothing more she can do, whether it’s give him the answers he wants or let him in on the fact that this all was some elaborate prank. He gets up to leave.
"All right everybody, quiet down and fall in!" Steve hears the call of their manager from the locker room. He shuts off his water, not realizing he had been the last one in the showers while lost in thought. He grabs a towel and wraps it around his waist before walking into the locker room, all his teammates in various state of undress. Even in front of a female manager, everyone is comfortable. Sure, there are still people on the team who liked to whisper about getting a chance to get more intimate with Peggy, and Steve can’t even blame them. He would never be as crude as some of the other players; He respects Peggy Carter far too much to objectify her like that. He looks up to her as a woman doing so well for herself in a male-dominated sport, but more than that he just respects her as a person. The Stars were in much worse shape before she came along, and now that she has been at the helm for the past few years, things are finally starting to look up.
He never appreciates the kind of people who act the way Tony does— an entitled bully who can’t be bothered by anything or anyone— but there’s something extra infuriating about Tony’s behavior that really brings out the worst in him. Maybe it’s their leftover history from the All-Star game from last Summer. At the time, Tony hadn’t really stood out in his memories. He still tends to shy away from too much baseball talk in his personal life. Once he leaves that stadium, Steve doesn’t read the papers or tune in his radio to hear people talk about whatever the current hot topic is in the league. Apparently for the past couple years, Tony Stark has been
“Very astute observation, Captain Obvious, you collect any accolades from the Nobel committee for your incredible discovery?”
They’re playing against Detroit in the morning and for once Tony plans on getting a good night’s rest. He’s coming in as a starting pitcher after the past few games being slated for first base. Carol even promised to keep him in for the entire game if he does well enough. His stamina has been improving, and without the added stress of needing to offensively bat and run bases, he might just be able to pull it off and not need a relief.
Since Tony is considered "prone to injury" (a bullshit label in his opinion), Obadiah limits his play time leading up the Championship game. The Irons have good standings currently, and as much as it burns Tony up to watch Hammer luck his way through being an occasionally okay pitcher for the team, he would much rather make sure he can play in the game come July.
“Relax, Cap, I’m just going to swap out your belt,” Tony scoffs. “I’m not some queer trying to have a go. You’d be so lucky.”
“Why does Tony do anything he does?” Howard sighs in resignation, staring down at the melting ice in his glass. He walks up next to Steve, placing a hand on his shoulder as he struggles to hold his gaze. Steve worries he might have to hold Howard upright before he goes careening into the billiards table. “Listen to me… Do not let him ruin you, Steve… Or the team. You have to understand that my son… he only does things to further his own agenda. I’m afraid he takes after me far too much in that regard,” he lets out a ridiculous laugh, the sound so grating and sudden it makes Steve flinch. Howard’s face grows shockingly serious then, his clouded over gaze appearing to clear somewhat. “He’s spiteful, Steve. He doesn’t care about the sport, or respect. Everything he does is in calculation. That worked for us— worked for the Irons. You need to keep him in check if you don’t want your Avengers to fall apart.”
’. He pinches the bridge of his nose before looking back at Tony. “Because you’re clearly too drunk to get anywhere by yourself. Frankly, I don’t even know how you got here in the first place without killing yourself or somebody else... And if I let you try and drive yourself home then Steve'd kill me. So get your ass up.”
Steve still can’t believe this is a real offer. He remembers Peggy making a similar joke to him years ago, and he’s sure he thought the same thing he’s thinking right now. Just because he knows baseball and was a Captain at one point doesn’t mean he can take on the burden of managing an entire team. And especially one that’s risen to such promise. What if he screwed it up? Former players became managers and coaches all the time, but that didn’t mean it was the kind of career path for him. Athletes had tendencies to retire early, whether it was willing or because of physical strain. For Steve, it was a bit of both. Even now his injury didn’t bother him all that much, his hand moving under the table to absentmindedly rub at his brace.
They end up losing the game against the Red Wings, and even though it was a close game with few runs scored, Steve can't help but think it's because they didn't have Tony. He still gives Strange a pat on the back and tells him job well done afterwards, and Natasha soapboxes about what they could've done better the entire bus ride back to the hotel. The team is mostly humoring her as they’re all on the same wavelength of not really caring that they lost their second-to-last game of the regular season considering they’re already confirmed to move onto the big post-season game. Steve normally has notes to add during these after-game talks, but this time his heart's not in it. He stays seated.
The casualties were limited. Very few of his close friends were even aware of the true nature of his and Tony’s relationship, making it easy to repress all emotion and feeling towards it. He’s had a decent past couple of Tony-free years. Soon enough, he might finally be completely over him.
A kid at his age who had already accomplished so much... Steve can hardly wrap his head around it. He’s sixteen for crying out loud! Steve was still in the rookies at that point in his career and never attended college, let alone graduated with all sorts of fancy Latin honors (did MIT even do Latin honors?). There had been a short period of time between the Class A-Advanced and Double-A league when Steve considered taking a break from baseball to pursue an art degree, but all his managers and coaches at the time were reminding him that he was at the point in his career where he had to strike when the iron was hot. There was no time for a higher education when you were a twenty year-old kid who was expected to get drafted at any moment. That moment came five years later when he was finally called up by The Stars, but still.
By the time Saturday rolls around, Steve's nerves have ebbed only slightly. They tie their scrimmage in Bakersfield, not the most encouraging start to their first International friendly, but at least it doesn’t mean anything towards league play. Both teams had been unfamiliar with one another, but Steve supposes that’s the point.
Tony exhales loudly and walks over to him, gesturing with his hand for Steve to stand. It goes ignored. He rolls his eyes and goes over to the edge of the bed, grabbing Steve’s hand and tugging uselessly. Like he’s capable enough to get Michelangelo’s David out of bed based on strength alone…
Tony pitches left-handed for the final inning, doing his best to keep the ball away from Steve’s position. He knows what a pipe dream that is. The entire basis of shortstop is that it’s the toughest defensive position with the most labor intensive movements. Plenty of pivoting which was bad for Steve’s knee, but the man prevails. Tony does his best not to lose his focus now, but whenever he has a spare millisecond to turn around and look at Steve, he does, just to make sure he’s not showing any sign of struggle.
Rogers is going to know who he is. There’s not a single person who’s ever been inside a baseball stadium who wouldn’t know—
That isn’t necessarily true. It takes two to tango, so to speak. Sure, in this situation it’s mostly going to depend on Tony's skill, but a pitch is just a question waiting for the answer from the swing of a bat. It’s a relationship, and if Tony’s going to be successful on this bet he had going with Natasha, he’s going to have to understand both sides.
Tony certainly doesn’t fail to notice that the opposing team is rotating pitchers every two innings, an unconventional move on the Irons’ part. He knows they have more active members than the Avengers, but how many pitchers does Killian have at his disposal? Maybe it’s a strategic decision. Even if Tony isn’t the one at bat, most people know of Tony’s tendencies to analyze players and immediately pinpoint the exact ways to combat their abilities, which is information he can easily share with his coach and teammates. He could also be baiting Natasha to switch out pitchers as well, knowing Tony is their best shot at outsmarting his batters. Tony trusts Tasha to keep her word, and so far she’s given no indication that she’s going to pull Tony from the mound. Killian’s playing a game of chicken by himself and it has yet to pay off considering even with all the substitutions, no side seems to be pulling far enough ahead to warrant any comfort.
Howard ignores his wife. "Come on, Steve, let me show you some things around the house. Screw dessert," He sways a bit on his feet as he stands up. Steve glances to Maria who's staring down at her empty plate, brow knit in a way that reminded him of Tony when the kid was frustrated.
“Because I wanted to see you. I wanted to be with you,” he corrects, confident now in his honesty. He meets Tony’s gaze again, hand instinctively reaching up to brush a limp lock of hair back from the man’s forehead. He lets his hand drift down, settling on cupping Tony’s face gently against his palm. He can feel a bit of two-day-old stubble against the heel of his hand, his thumb resting against his ear while the rest of his fingers curl attentively into the short hair on the nape of his neck. He leans forward, lips barely parting to ask, “Can I—?”
Steve emerges from their room in track pants with a t-shirt slung over one shoulder. “The movie. Did you like it?”
"You'll find out at the press conference," Pepper reminds him tiredly, shielding her paperwork from his view when he attempts to peek.
“Oh, be gentle with him, Nat!” Clint cackles at Tony’s exaggerated choking sounds. “Stark, blink twice if you need me to come rescue you.”
Steve stands at the sidelines with Natasha, assisting in her duties to be third-base coach, something not really practiced much in the minors, but it never hurt to have the added assistance during Spring Training. Steve doesn’t try and strike up conversation, her green eyes like steel for the entire duration of the second-half of their double-header.
,” Tony breathes, wincing a little as he straightens his back and stretches out his legs experimentally. “I should steal bases more often if this is what it gets me.”
Begrudgingly, Tony shakes Pierce’s hand, but not without one last snide remark. “The pleasure was all yours, I assure you.”
, so I could see why he was so torn up about it. I was shocked at first just because Steve’s never really given any inclination of swinging that way, but I was really more surprised as
Pepper sighs deeply, pinching the bridge of her nose. "Will you just shower and get changed? You know that me babysitting you is supposed to come second to managing the team, right?"
“Hey,” he slurs loudly into Steve’s ear as he slings an arm around his shoulder, leaning into him for support. They just got off the elevator on the floor of their room, Steve helping Bucky down the hallway the best he can. “We’re gon’ play together again. I just know it.”
Howard's cool exterior distinguishes as soon as he reaches out to shake Steve's hand, rather vigorously. "It's
His Captain sighs in annoyance and follows him into the large penthouse. Steve really had campaigned to try and get Tony to pick something less ostentatious when they had started looking around last December after it was clear Tony signed on for another season. He’s only step foot in here once or twice in the past few months, and he’s still under the opinion that it’s simply too large for
“What exactly am I pretending to be?” Tony crosses his arms, sitting back in the booth. “Please, tell me since you’re such the
Tony loses spectacularly. They walk away with an almost cosmic distribution of Steve being a little richer and Tony’s pockets being significantly lighter. He’s never been one for Poker, even if he can usually use statistics and his uncanny ability to read people to his advantage. He doesn’t see the fun in betting all his chips on a game like that, knowing he’ll have more fun at one of the Blackjack tables or even Roulette. Lady Luck tended to be on his side in these types of situations, but that could also be because Tony didn’t gamble to necessarily garner a profit, but to just feel that delicious high of risk-reward he so often craved.
“Tony! Hey, Tony… Tony, stop!” He can hear Pepper’s voice echoing down the hallway from behind him, her heels clicking faster and faster as she tries to catch up to him. “I saw you storm off after talking to Whitaker. It looked
“We should head back before Sarah gets mad. Sun’s already going down,” Bucky tosses the ball in the air to himself, walking towards the fence gate with Steve.
Steve exits the shower hall with a towel wrapped around his waist. He isn’t expecting to see anyone, so it’s startling when he rounds the corner and finds Tony standing at his locker. He’s almost completely undressed, their eyes locking for a moment. Steve opens his mouth.
Just as he’s contemplating how generous the couple in the booth might be feeling tonight, a figure slides onto the barstool next to him. He’s got dark, shoulder-length hair tucked underneath a sun-faded red hat, strong jaw shadowed by a short beard. It’s the man from the end of the bar. “What the hell are you doing here?” He asks in a tired voice.
Tony clamps his jaw shut and just walks up to the plate, knowing his response could get him ejected from the entire game.
“Just the last few years. I graduated high school early and started playing in the rookies. Was only there for one season before I was recruited to be an Avenger,” he seems to choke on the last word slightly, admiration shining in his eyes. So he’s not just a fan of Tony’s then.
Tony just smiles. "You know, I just swoop in when I'm needed and win games so often, I think that may have left my memory. They all blur together at this point."
Both sides have seen a quick rotation of the batting order, each inning half being torturously drawn out at times. They’ve gotten no runs and two outs, Steve finally stepping back up to plate. All he’s got is Thor on second and the odds aren’t in their favor. Both teams have fatigue beginning to show, but Tony is unable to stay put in the dugout when it’s his turn to rest. He stands at the edge of the field, hands clasped together over his mouth as he silently observes.
Steve laughs it off, even if a small part of his brain is intrigued by the idea. "I don't know the first thing about managing a team. You and Janet make it seem so much easier than it is, I wouldn't even know what to expect." They share another laugh, then Steve notices Peggy look over his shoulder for a moment. "So... what are you doing here anyway? If you're looking for Natasha I think she's already left."
“Drop the DH so I can fill in for the batting order,” Tony repeats, pointing to the field. “Look. They just put Hammer in for the OT inning. I know exactly how that fucker pitches and I know for a fact he’ll crumble as soon as he realizes I’m coming. Trust me, okay? I swear I won’t let the team down. I
Tony winks as she goes, his eyes following her all the way into the kitchen. Steve snaps his fingers to bring him back down to earth. Tony smirks at him. “Jealous?”
Steve is evidently full of surprises tonight, flipping them over and rolling Tony onto his stomach. He grabs him by the hips, hiking them up until he’s on his knees and elbows, leaning over his body to kiss his way down his spine until—
She shrugs and gets to work on his drink, selecting one of the few options they have for whiskey from the shelf behind her. “You’re not mine either. Too pretty.”
? You just used me to get what you wanted, to get the team ahead, and now I don’t even get the reward I
The music suddenly stops, Steve realizing he had just been staring around the workshop without actually announcing his presence. Tony has spun around in his chair now, and is staring blankly at him. “Morning, sunshine,” he says, taking a sip from a steaming mug.
“I wanted to surprise you,” Steve smiles back at him. He soothes his hands over Tony’s antsy hands, trying to move everywhere at once to undress them and feel the body he hasn’t felt in months. He runs his warm palms over Tony’s bare arms, cupping his face to pull him into a much less frantic kiss. “It’s been so long,” he groans as Tony unzips his pants and slips his hand beneath his underwear.
“Ty?” He rubs his eyes again, the aching of his ribs as he shifts into a sitting position letting him know he’s not dreaming. “What are you doing here?”
Tony scoffs, smiling at Steve like he had said something particularly adorable and naive. “Mom left for Sunday breakfast with her girlfriends, and Howard is in bed nursing a hangover. Starks are bigger on the
Surprisingly enough, Tony isn’t in the gym or locker room when Steve heads inside to look for him, and he can’t seem to find any sign of life anywhere else in the stadium save for the occasional janitor or two passing him by. Which leaves one place Tony can be.
“Hey, we’re both starting today, so at least you have that to look forward to,” Steve informs him, trying to be optimistic. “You’ll pitch circles around New Hampshire’s batting lineup.”
The going away party for New Year’s is Tony’s idea. One last hurrah before he officially moves to Washington D.C. next month. They technically aren’t supposed to tell the rest of the team yet, but for once Janet completely throws the rules out the window.
“Rogers!” Hodge is coming onto the field now, placing a hand on Steve’s chest. “Inning’s not done yet, we’re up to bat. Now get back in the lineup and leave Barnes to us.”
Steve stares at Tony for a while and gives the lab a second look around. It was like a different planet in here. "I... I
He’s in Steve’s bed. Tony sits up suddenly, staring at the lump under the covers next to him. Steve is on his side, facing away from him, seemingly unbothered by the fact that Tony had passed out next to him.
you want to make things right?” he asks, a biting ferocity sharpening his tone. “After you forced me away and refused to speak to me for the past three years?”
“I’ve got bets with the other guys that you’ll play even worse than when we kicked your ass last year. Any comments on that?”
He’s really just thinking aloud, not expecting to strike any sort of chord with Tony. When he looks back down at the younger man, he’s surprised to see a strangely contemplative look on his face. When Tony realizes where he is, who he’s with, he quickly replaces the look of thought with one of disdain. “I’ve been here two months. You think I care that much about this team?”
After he tags the base, he looks up at Steve, tipping his baseball cap up a bit to get a good read. They make eye contact for a few tense moments, Steve the first to break it, focusing back on the game at hand. Tony's turning over his options for a sarcastic remark, but Steve surprises him by speaking first.
The batter swings, the ball goes flying to the left, and Tony is gone. He’s already made contact with the base before the ball crests further than desired, landing just outside the foul lines. A groan echoes from the crowd and Tony jogs back over to first base.
“Nothing sweet for ya today?” she asks, leaning her body forward in such a way that Steve feels it necessary to avert his eyes to save his own dignity rather than hers.
He and Tony hadn’t gotten off on the best foot upon their first meeting. The All-Star game had been tenuous circumstance, and Steve has to remind himself it’s not fair of him to judge Tony’s character during a high-profile event fueled by rivalry. The most he knows about Tony are things he learned second-hand, rumors that bounded down the grapevine as quickly as it could grow. Aside from an occasional lock of eyes during practices, Steve really hasn’t had any one-on-one time with Tony since he officially joined the Avengers. If he’s being honest with himself, he’s sort of afraid to. As if one more interaction will be able to confirm things about Tony’s personality that Steve knows he can’t get past with an amiable face.
Unwillingly, Tony sits down in the free chair next to Pierce, tapping on the arm of it impatiently. No one speaks for a moment, the newcomers seemingly waiting for Janet to take the reigns. So no one really wants to own up to what they’re here for. The pit in Tony’s stomach sinks deeper.
Natasha’s eyes roll into the back of her head, never a fan of Steve interrogating her about decisions she’s made. To be fair, they’re supposed to be on the same page most of the time, a cohesive pair as Coach and Captain of the team. “As hilarious as it was to see his hissy fit on television at the All-Star game last year, you have to admit he did a great job as SS. Obviously, this is going to stay between you and me, but I’m not planning on letting him step foot on that mound
” He sucks in a deep breath, apparently forgetting that the intake of air is essential when trying to confess your love to someone for the first time. “I didn’t think you needed to hear all of that to know how I feel about you
“I love you too,” is all he can muster for a response, leaning in to kiss Tony once more. He wants it to be assuring, to confirm that Tony does show it, and apologize for ever doubting his fears were anything but genuine. “I’m sorry for being insecure, and that it was putting pressure on you. I only wanted to ask for more because… I don’t want to lose you,” he holds Tony’s face in his hands, watching the tension leave his face. “I didn’t want you to get bored and move on to someone who can give you more than I can.”
Steve gathers himself enough to stand and shake her hand. “It’s nice to finally meet you, Coach Danvers. Tony’s had nothing but good things to say about you.”
Energy renewed, the International League starts playing like an entirely new team. The PCL hasn’t given up quite yet, but they’ve gotten careless with their lead. Their pitcher gives away a walk to start, and from there, it’s just a matter of a couple more IL players hitting premeditated singles, the need to just get players
“Okay,” Peggy claps. “You boys get changed and head down to the field to get warmed up.” She checks her watch. “I want everyone nice and loose before Coach Hodge puts you all through the ringer. We’re at T-Minus six hours and thirty-seven minutes before first pitch, let’s get a move on.”
Steve glances over his shoulder again and signals for Tony to wait, closing the blinds completely before he crawls into bed next to him, gently helping scoot him over without disrupting him too much. Tony feels his body protest with the movement, gritting his teeth to hide it. He just wants to be with Steve, he doesn’t care about the pain.
As they line up in the tunnel before the match start, waiting to walk out and go head to head against their competition for the second year in a row, Tony realizes his heart is racing from more than just adrenaline. He’s always been competitive for the sake of competition, not because he actually cared about the sport. Ironically enough, maybe all it took was his dad’s passing for him to finally realize that baseball could be something he enjoyed, not just something to excel at for notoriety.
Thank you for the feedback everyone!! ❤️ It makes me so happy to finally get this fic up and outta my google docs. Sorry for the lack of Tony last chapter, had to tease you guys a little bit ;)
Tony doesn’t reply, just continues to stare at the man nervously. Jury’s still out on if he’s going to have to try and duck out of the way of a right hook or not.
She smiles back at him, sadness in her eyes. “I am sorry, Tony. My family are all big Avengers’ fans.”
, a wholesome, model player! Who do you think they’re going to blame for corrupting that perfect man?”
Maria just laughs at the barb, "Says the boy who hijacked our private jet last year to spend his Thanksgiving in Cabo when you two got in an argument over which resort served the best turkey."
Too impatient to let his eyes adjust to the darkness, he blindly gropes at Tony’s front to attempt to undress him. He’s got a head start on Steve, suit jacket and tie already removed, Tony’s own hands quickly going to work on ridding Steve of his clothes as well. It’s scary how good he is at undressing Steve even when blind, but he supposes they both have plenty of practice.
That actually got a laugh out of Tony as he continued to bounce the ball. “Didn’t get to MIT until I was eleven, unfortunately. My parents decided that their busy schedules would get a little less so if they got me out of the picture. Shipped me off before I even lost all my baby teeth. Got kicked out of about four different institutions until my dad let me go to a place I could actually be challenged,” he scoffed. “I think he was hoping I would turn into an All-American Baseball-Lovin’ Wholesome Young Man like the rest of those prep school morons.” Tony swiveled his chair around to look at Steve. “More like you.”
players that have been chosen in part by all of you here today, as well as the fans at home. These players chosen are... Antione West, Gary Oba and Tony Stark." Everyone applauds as the chosen players stand, Tony receiving many pats on the back from his teammates. "The rest of the announcements by all the other teams today will be accumulated and run through in depth on ESPN tomorrow, as well as the host city for the game and more information surrounding the championship this year."
“I think a part of him is still guilty for how it went down… I kind of roped him into playing baseball. I was way more into it than he was when we were younger, he just wanted to do whatever the other kids were able to do at the time and prove everyone wrong that he was too sickly to keep up with us. But he stuck it out. He got really good, even better than me,” Bucky laughs. “We moved up the ranks together until we finally reached the top. He tried to warn me about my injury but I didn’t listen. And because of that, both of our dreams ended a lot earlier than either of us thought they would… He still blames himself for it, even though it was all my fault. And even if he wouldn’t have changed anything and still dropped down from the Majors because I had to retire… I think he doesn’t want you to have to make that same sacrifice if you can help it.”
nice that Tony feels like he can actually talk to Steve as opposed to just scream profanities at him, but Steve still has no idea what he’s prattling on about.
For some reason, these thoughts are sticking. Steve lets his eyes open again and he sits up, feeling around the bed once more. These aren’t his sheets. They’re soft and silky and not at all properly tucked in. And this bed is much bigger than his queen, a copious amount of pillows up against the massive headboard. As his eyes adjust to the darkness, Steve quickly realizes this isn’t his room at all.
Tony shrugs, that cocky little grin ghosting across his lips, blink-and-you’ll-miss-it style. “I needed you to at least hear me out. And who knows where the hell Tasha went off to.”
Tony continues to pitch ruthlessly. His old league doesn’t stand a chance against him, after two outs, only getting a single player to second base before the next batter bunts it directly to Tony, who easily scoops it up and fires it back to Steve in the blink of an eye. This third out brings them back to the top of the next, final inning.
Tony takes his breath away. Seeing him in an immaculate suit is nothing new for Steve, but there’s something exceptionally handsome about him right now as he looks down at him from the first landing, leaning against the wooden railing. His suit is jet black, vest and tie a rich crimson and contrasting nicely with the crisp white shirt and white rose pinned to his lapel. Maybe it’s the context of the day that stirs up the butterflies in Steve’s stomach, but all he knows is that he can’t take his eyes off of him.
Steve is breathless, the rest of the world fading away as he locks his eyes on Tony and only Tony. “What I should’ve done six years ago,” he answers before pulling Tony against him, their mouths melding against one another’s in long-awaited reconciliation.
, of all people? You’re making it seem like this is a part of some publicity stunt and I expect the team I’m playing for to have higher standards than that.” Steve isn’t trying to whine, he really isn’t. If this were any other player under any other circumstance, he could maybe let it go, but it’s Tony freaking Stark.
Tony swallows. “Working on it. I’ve been sober for thirty-six days now. I know that’s not a lot but… It’s my longest streak yet.”
Tony finally pulls off of Steve with a slight pop of suction, staring up at him with the tip of his cock still resting against his swollen lower lip. “What am I?” He asks innocently, pressing the tip of one water-slicked finger inside of him.
want to see you play for a major league team again. And all your friends do too. And, most of all, I think
"Oh, no, I'm getting lunch with my nephew. He wanted to celebrate my new title," she chuckles and checks her watch. "I should be used to him running late by now honestly— Oh, there he is."
Tony’s leg jumps up and down with anticipation. After the disgrace of Fury and Natasha collectively banning him from being eligible for last year’s All-Star game, Janet had convinced them to come around this year and at least see if he could win the media/fan choice if given the option.
He doesn't hear the rest of the nurse’s words, everything drowned out by a white noise as he numbly makes his way through the parking garage. The only thing he can hear is his own labored breathing as he shakily gets into his car, practically snapping the door handle off in the process. “Presbyterian,” he echoes shakily, cutting off whatever the nurse had been saying. “That’s on— William Street, right? Right off the Brooklyn Bridge?”
“Oh my apologies! I’d hate to come in between Tony and his balls. I know what a penchant he has for them,” Hammer holds up his hands innocently and the referee— bastard— actually cracks a smile.
“Steve?” He can hear Rhodey’s voice but it sounds like it’s miles away. A shake to his shoulder. Steve brushes it off and immediately heads to the door. Before he realizes it he’s running, sprinting out of the stadium. The unassuming clouds that have filled the sky all day are suddenly dark with rain, droplets splattering against his face as he runs through the parking lot. It starts to pour once he makes it into the safety of his car. He sits, hunched forward as he squints through the sheets pouring down over his windshield. The shitty wipers only able to clear the way for a second before his vision is obscured again, Steve barely able to make out the hazy circles of headlights and people-shaped blobs that he has to stop for.
This was the drop of the other shoe that Tony had been waiting for. Steve wishes his instinct could’ve been wrong for once.
Tony smacks his hand away, struggling to keep himself in control when his body is just thrumming with energy that wants to
A four year relationship doesn’t just go away overnight. Steve constantly reminds himself that Tony’s smiles are no longer for him. His touches are fleeting and innocent, not leading to anything more than a bit of friendly contact. He can sense Tony still has his guard up, whether it’s to protect his own heart or just keep Steve safe from the chaos there. He’s still so painfully, undeniably, without a doubt, hung up on Tony. He didn’t use their time apart to move on. He’s just as much in love with Tony as he was the day he turned up on his doorstep on Christmas Eve of ‘92, damp with snow and clutching a very meaningful gift in his hands.
“I heard on the radio about the storm. We got some snow up here but it didn’t hit us nearly as bad as you guys,” Bucky says. “Don’t apologize, there’s nothing we can do about it. Are you safe? Everything okay at your apartment, got plenty of food and water and stuff? I heard things are kind of shut down everywhere.”
“We’ll see you then, Doc. Thanks again,” Steve helps Bucky button his coat up over his arm that’s tucked against his side. He can’t quite get full movement on it to dress himself past tank tops.
Steve rushes out of the stadium to try and spot Tony’s car in the lot, but there’s no recognizable luxury vehicles in sight. Posture sagging in defeat, Steve trudges down towards his old beater at the end of the row, surprised when a familiar pair of bright red high tops catches his eye as he approaches. Picking up the pace, Steve can see the rest of the body attached, Tony casually sitting on the hood of his old Ford Pinto.
Tony straightens his posture slightly to accommodate for the man’s towering stature and presence. “That’s right. And I certainly will. It hasn’t been a challenge before, so this game won’t be any different.”
Steve excuses himself when the doctor is finished, forgoing the bathroom connected to Tony’s room to instead vomit with a little more privacy in the restroom down the hall. He’s never experienced a physical sickness from verbal stimuli alone, but it’s impossible to not feel completely ill after hearing everything Tony is suffering from. The police might not have any suspects or any kind of valid information other than some random assault by a bunch of drunks, but they don’t need an interrogation to know the reason why this happened.
“Believe me, I’ve tried,” Steve pokes his head out, of the room, looking back down the hallway. “He came here alone today instead of with the rest of the guys, which is progress. He can’t hide behind the max visitor rule,” he chuckles in amusement. “Must’ve lost his nerve after getting the coffee.”
Tony scoffs to play off his embarrassment, realizing now that parts of his clothes did feel rather sticky and reek of champagne. He tosses the envelope into Steve’s lap. “It’s all yours buddy. Consider it payment for babysitting last night.” Before Steve can protest he strides into the bathroom to clean himself up.
Steve casts him a suspicious look but leans out of Tony’s space before they raise flags for anyone else. They both keep their eyes ahead and focus on the countdown, everyone getting ready with the confetti poppers in hand. Tony will be sure to tip the maids extra well tomorrow.
The sentiment is too much. He wraps his arms around her and hugs her tightly, practically smothering her into his blanket. “Okay, now say that one more time so I can record it.”
He should call Tony and thank him. Steve knows that he’s probably suntanning on an exotic beach somewhere right about now, but he still has his home phone number written down in his address book and figures the least he can do is leave him a nice message to come home to next year. He holds the receiver of the phone to his ear, twisting the spiraling cord around his finger while he listens to the phone ring.
“Stay,” Bucky says, reaching out to grab Steve by the hand. “Anything you have to tell me, he can know too.” He flashes Steve a quick smile, and everything starts to feel almost okay again.
The Avengers instill a moment of silence at the start of all their exhibition games to honor the late Starks as well as their pitcher missing-in-action. Steve asks Rhodey and Bruce if they’ve been able to get ahold of Tony, but they haven’t been able to reach him either.
Steve lines up with his players, removing his cap for the National Anthem and then bowing his head for the following moment of silence. He catches a bit of motion out of his periphery, glancing over only to be shell-shocked.
“Like I said, it was Tony’s call,” Natasha frowns, tapping her fingers on her arm rest. “I assume the point isn’t just to move on to something bigger and better to outgrow the family name. People would be just as outraged if Tony started playing for the majors considering all the controversy around how he approaches the game. The fans may love his
Of all the vacation homes in the Stark’s name, their Truro cottage only comes second to the villa in Italy. It took about twenty years for Tony to fully appreciate the quaint little home on the bluff. As a kid, he always preferred the vacation estate in Italy which is at least ten times the size, not including all the land used for the vineyard and horse stables. Growing up, this was the boring option. A little house in the middle of nowhere with a bland, deserted beach, and the nearest town too quaint for his childhood desire for excitement and stimuli. Now, it’s the perfect escape from the constant barrage of animosity he’s been experiencing the past two months.
The exchange appears to be imperceptible to the rest of the table, other patrons quickly placing their bets, attention diverted elsewhere. Tony makes a sound in his throat and turns a ninety degrees so that he’s facing Steve. He takes a long sip of his vodka sour, Steve doing a slight double take when he glances over and realizes Tony is staring at him and not at the table.
“I’ve been up since four,” he answers noncommittally, chewing on the end of his pencil for a moment.
Steve hears the soft, damp sand squishing underfoot as Tony approaches, turning to smile at him. “Morning. How was your run?”
“Says the kid who just turned twenty-one two months ago,” Steve sighs in what sounds like disappointment. At this point, he knows any kind of reprimands about Tony’s underaged behavior will fall on deaf ears. That ship sailed long, long ago. “We’re not going there to party,” he reminds Tony as they haul his luggage into the elevator. “It’s the All-Star game.”
The room is packed full of reporters, overflowing from the seats to sitting on the floor in the main aisle and standing near the back of the room. People immediately start to stand and throw out questions, cameras snapping feverishly as he steps up to the podium. He stares straight ahead, face a blank wall of indifference. He waits until Hill and Coulson quiet the crowd, stepping back to stand behind Tony alongside Pierce, and now, Carol too.
Luckily, the press is more focused on the actual active players rather than some retired old fogey, and he’s able to sneak around to the back side of the stadium, flashing his access pass to the security to be allowed inside.
Tony gapes at him, uncertain of how to reply to the speech he’s just been given. It sort of reminds him of Steve’s heart-to-hearts between innings, and maybe this is where he gets it from. Tony stares out the window, pupils dilating and expanding rapidly with each spaced out street light they whiz past.
“He’s got Barnes’ blood and your name, of course he isn’t,” Natasha says dryly, smiling gratefully when Carol slides her a beer.
Tony levels a glare at all three of them, it settling on Rhodey last. “I know how to pitch,” he spits in annoyance before storming back to the mound.
person. “We’ve been in the car for twenty minutes, we’re going to miss our flight if you keep dilly-dallying.”
They enter the bustling lobby, discordant sounds coming from every direction from slot machines, people proclaiming their victories and mourning their losses loudly from table to table. Tony debates for a moment whether or not he should just go straight for the Jewel Nightclub upstairs, but something makes him think Steve won’t go for that. At least not just yet.
“Steve…” Bucky is frowning again, but this time it seems empathetic. “My contract is up. It’s been up.”
Now that he’s in better spirits, Peggy’s visits lessen as well. While it’s time off for the rest of them, she still has plenty to do as the owner of the Stars now that they’re in the post-season. Tony’s not allowed out of bed very often, the doctors and nurses insistent that he stay away from even mild physical activity while under their care. His friends visit him often to offer enough entertainment, and Steve brings him books to read in his down time so he doesn’t go
“Tony,” he calls out, slowing when he finally can match pace with the kid. “Were you looking to catch a cab down the block?”
. I am sorry,” he looks individually around the table, his dark eyes settling on Steve a little too long to feel comfortable before sliding back over to his father. “So, extremely sorry that you couldn’t have Steve
“Did you always know you wanted to play baseball?” Tony inquires, seemingly out of nowhere as he examines a forkful of berries before deciding they’re fit for consumption.
“Riding,” Ty grabs Tony’s bike helmet off the coat rack by the door and tosses it to him. “But we really should take at least fifteen minutes to stretch to prevent cramping, especially since you just ate such a high protein meal—”
“Done,” Tony calls out to him in what can’t be more than twenty minutes later. Steve walks back into the living room to see his VCR back on the stand an in one piece, pieces of his rewinder still on the floor in a neat little pile.
Steve chuckles he closes his locker. “You’ve got to stop scaring him like that. You’re going to give the kid a heart attack one of these days.”
Bucky cuts him off with a groan, gently pushing his hand away. “Steve, how many times do we have to go through this? This is a huge game, and you’ve seen how many outs I’ve assisted today. I’m sure Galang would do just fine in my place, but we
Steve doubts anyone at the front desk of this swanky hotel is going to give out Tony’s room number. Luckily enough, Steve spots Janet standing over at the bar, laughing with Natasha and Clint. Their manager is bound to have an idea considering she handles all the room assignments when they travel. He rushes over, squeezing between them to grab her attention.
“No, that’s not what I mean,” he cuts off Tony’s drunken rambling. “I mean… This. Us. Can we talk about it?”
“If you wanna show up late, be my guest. I like my dick attached to my body and would rather not have Carol rip it off,” Tony interrupts, bounding down his stoop. He unlocks his bike from the rack, waiting impatiently as Ty insists on putting on his stupid fingerless gloves and adjusting the stupid side mirror on his helmet.
Steve is now thirty-two and Captain of the Manhattan Avengers. When the position was offered to him, Steve had initially turned it down. This is only his fourth season with the team, and while it's common for players to come and go in the Triple-A league, arguably more than any other level of the minors, there are certainly players on the team who have much more tenure than Steve. Natasha had insisted though, and after earning approval from both Janet and Fury, it was official that he was to be appointed leader after Pym decided it was time for him to retire.
A laugh bubbles forth in surprise. Steve can’t help it, smiling ironically down at Tony as his fingers card gently through his hair, sure to avoid the bandaged parts where he knows the stitches lie underneath. “And here I thought we were being so secretive.”
’, he’d request gently, tugging on the door handle which is locked. Tony would stubbornly stare back until eventually shutting the car off and unlocking the door, making no movement to get out, which forces Steve to open the door himself and bend down to scoop him up bridal style and carry him back inside. They’ll laugh about it and forget the argument ever happened after a few hushed apologies and stolen kisses. Steve reminds him to brush his teeth before bed, the two of them bumping hips and fighting over the sink’s real estate, flicking water at each other off their brushes before Steve eventually concedes. Tony has to wipe the splattered residue of watered down toothpaste off the mirror because he hates the mess. He retreats to the bedroom and has to nudge Steve over onto his own side, as the past few nights have been spent at Tony’s apartment in a much larger bed, and Steve is still adjusting to sharing his own with another person.
He's stretching with Bruce, smiling and laughing at something Banner has said. It's good to see Tony smiling again, but his happy nature immediately disappears when he catches Steve out of the corner of his eye. Tony's face falls so quickly that Bruce turns to see what's set his friend off. He looks confused when he sees Steve, looking back at Tony who's now staring at the ground, mouth pressed in a tight line.
The venue is gorgeous. A colonial style mansion residing on expansive farm land with an attached plant sanctuary. The greenhouse is huge, overflowing with different regional plants sectioned off in little alcoves around the main dome that’s been cleared out to host things like weddings and other events. It’s the dead of Upstate Winter, snow still falling outside in blurry flakes, the trees of the surrounding wood line of the estate covered in thick layers of frost. It’s almost disorienting walking around inside with so much beautiful, flourishing plant life only to look out and see fields of white through the frosted glass panes. The choice is elegant yet charming all at once, nothing too fancy, too predictable, or too boring to suit the couple’s needs.
"Owner of the Malibu Irons and CEO of Stark Industries, of course," Steve interrupts once he finally puts a face to a name.
“We need to deal with this immediately,” Hill says with cold reserve, quickly recovering from the sudden bout of destruction. His phone rings on the table and she’s quick to scoop it up and end the call. “There’s no getting around the story now, but we may be able to salvage things.”
“Steve,” Tony interrupts, wincing slightly as he sits down on the bed, not quite crawling under the covers yet. He’s been doing nothing but laying down for two weeks, and if standing didn’t take so much damn effort, he’d happily keep doing that. “I… I don’t think you should stay.”
“Had… weirdest… dream,” he sighs, eyes beginning to drift shut again. The numbness starts to come back, washing over him and slowly erasing away his senses. “Think… back’sleep…”
The younger man digs his feet into the softened grass, wriggling out of his grip. “I’ll be fine, Steve, it’ll let up in a couple of minutes.” He rolls his eyes and crouches down to pick up another ball, taking his stance once more. As he brings his arm back before the snap, Steve catches him by the wrist, giving it a painless twist to force him to drop the ball. “Hey!” Tony objects, face set stubbornly as Steve pulls him closer by his hand. It’s upon closer inspection that he can see faint rust-colored lines cascading from his fingertips down to his wrists. The rain has been steadily washing it away, but Steve can see the evidence on both of his hands that Tony’s fingertips are worn raw and bleeding.
