"Are you sure?" Steve was careful as he spoke each word. Tony smiled.
"I am!" Oswin burst out into sobs. She put her head down for a few seconds and let out a couple strangled sobs, clearly trying to regain a sense of composure. When she looked up, she had to brush hair out of her face and her mascara was dying the dark trail of tears down her cheeks black. She looked him straight and clearly in the eyes. "I am telling the truth. I have powers that allow me to go unnoticed whenever I want. That's how I got around the security at Stark Industries, and I had help from Vasyl Knežević and
"He was uncoordinated," she said. "And nauseous…" Carol locked eyes with Fury.
"Oh definitely," Stark agreed. "I doubt even Mr. Good-Boy American Hero would be able to hold back against those sick fucks." Clint's smile got wider.
"But Fury told me…" Tony started to say before the doctor cut him off.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hi," Tony responded back with a sense of amazement that he usually only reserved for tech he's never seen before and newborn babies. It caused his heart to swell up so much, tears threatened to start streaming down his face. "I'm alive."
"Last night?" The words came out of Steve's mouth as a question as his expression turned to one of disbelief. "You kept trying to ask me if I was afraid of something, but it wasn't quite making any sense." Tony shook his head in confusion.
"You sure it went straight clean across?" he asked.
"Like what?" Steve leaned in close, his lips coming just centimeters away from Tony's own.
"Take us back to the house," he ordered the driver. "It looks like I'm going to be taking the morning off."
"Good," he heard Tony's voice say in his ear. Within seconds the armor whooshed right past Steve as Tony went to get a better look at the engine. "Let's see what we've got." What they got clearly wasn't good. After all, the thing was on fire. However, Tony could see more than that. He could see a way to fix it, at least that's what Steve could gather from the large amount of technobabble Tony dropped on him. He then watched as Tony tried to push something back into place. "I need you to get to that engine control panel and tell me which relays are in overload position."
"You know about 9/11, right?" Natasha asked.
"How were you going to do that?" Steve asked. "You never met me."
"Honey dust!" Tony exclaimed.
Tony groaned as he stepped away from the holographic screen that was projected around his desk. He had been watching the CCTV footage for the past three hours and he had come up with a whole lot of nothing. Although he wanted to keep watching the footage until he found something; anything to go on, but eventually, the pain of his headache and the fatigue of the cold forced him to take a break and lie down on the couch in his lab.
"So, what do you think?" She sighed.
Natasha was quick to join the S.T.R.I.K.E. team as orders and directions were being given out. At Hill's urging, Steve joined them as well and listened carefully, but he still couldn't help but notice Nat's demeanor and feel concerned for her. Although she stood perfectly still and kept her posture confidently erect, it was clear she couldn't wait to get to Subarian. He could practically see a tiny Nat standing in her pupil, banging her fists against here eye wall, screaming for everyone to hurry up. The idea of that only made Steve less sure about this operation.
"Give me one second…" Oswin picked up her cell phone and tapped the screen a few times. After she did that, the laptop started making a sound and Oswin clicked something on the screen. She turned the device around and put it in Knežević's lap. "All set."
"I know I couldn't put it as eloquently as you did…" Steve cut him off with a quick kiss.
"Well, sorry, then," she said. "If there's any way to help fix it, I will." Tony waved her off.
In other ways, it was still the same New York he had known all his life. The streets bustled with an endless number of cars, buses, and cabs. People filled the sidewalks, all going about their daily business. That much at least hadn't changed. The sights might have changed, but the smells, the sounds, the atmosphere… The city still had its character and it served as a comfort to Steve. New York was still New York. Time hadn't changed that and probably nothing ever could.
!" Lara repeated. "I wasn't sure what you were going to do! It was self-defense!"
been a bit quick to act lately."
"Really?"
"Ten." Lara groaned.
After Joe got to the end of the line and shook hands with Bruce, they all sat down on a long couch that had been placed on the stage, along with a small lounge chair that was set up for the presenter. The man smiled and turned to look at the crowd.
"Ma, she bit Steve!" Bucky held up his friend's bleeding hand as proof. Mrs. Barnes let out a sharp gasp and Steve's mother got to her feet.
Already, Natasha was feeling that hurt. Clint wasn't dead yet. Hill assured her of that much, but things weren't looking good. Even though it had only been less than twenty-four hours, Clint had already progressed to the "spewing blood out of every orifice" stage of Ebola. Apparently, despite being one of the most well-known symptoms of the disease, uncontrolled bleeding usually didn't start until five to seven days after becoming infected. The disease had been genetically modified, most likely to speed up the time frame of its progression. As a result, Clint was on a ventilator, likely only hours away from death. That was, unless Natasha could get Sharpton to talk.
"How rude," Peggy said as she adjusted the barely one-year-old Sharon on her hip. "An Aunt just can't come upstairs to say hello to her favorite nephew?"
"Uh, yeah," Bruce said. "I mean, not overly good. We talked at the start, but we haven't really… We've mostly just worked." To his surprise, he could hear Lara laughing on the other end of the line. "What's so funny?"
She responded rather quickly. It surprised Tony at first until he read the text.
"Okay." With a sharp breath Tony pulled his emotions back. The battle might be over, but they still had things to do – namely meeting with S.H.I.E.L.D. and dealing with all the bull they had to dish out. He hoped they'd be able to squeeze shawarma in before that. He couldn't remember the last time he ate anything substantial. Probably when Pepper forced him to sit down and eat a ham sandwich a few days ago. Regardless, he couldn't do either of those things if he was a pathetic, sobbing mess, so he forced himself to pull it together. Still, he couldn't help but sneak out one small form of comfort. "Don't let go of me." A small, soft grin appeared on Steve's face.
"Yeah," he said. "I could go for a drink right now." Oswin let out a whoop of excitement.
"Who's the luckiest boy in the world? You are! You are! Yes, you are!"
That was what Tony's earlier quip had been about. It was a low blow and he knew it. When Pepper had said it, she was instantly horrified and regretted it. Tony had seen it on her face, yet he still somehow had no problem using them against her when the first opportunity presented itself. Perhaps that was why they had barely spoken outside of work-related matters since then.
"Put on the suit." This time, his voice was much more horse and more confused than it was challenging.
Steve helped Tony off the plane. For once, Tony helped him out a bit by keeping his eyes open and watching where he was going. As they stepped out onto the stairs, Tony caught sight of Pepper and Happy getting out of the car to meet them. A bit of a Mona Lisa smile formed on Tony's mouth. As glad as he was to see them, Tony couldn't help but worry about how they would react to him knowing his actions over the past few days.
"No," Steve said. "I'm not going to leave you."
They both waited a minute or so to see if there would be aftershocks. When none were immediately forthcoming, they rose to their feet slowly.
"It's okay." Tony nodded and wrapped his fingers around his wrist. "Why don't we do something else until you're ready to eat."
"No," he said. "I think it's this bug I have that made me throw up. I'm fine."
"Last week," she started. "When you were missing, Steve, Dr. Banner, and Agents Romanoff and Barton went searching for you. They started their search by reviewing the hotel's surveillance footage. What they found was a video of you being thrown out of the hotel by management and the D.C. Metro Police. Romanoff sent me the video after she and the rest of the group got word that you were safe." Tony frowned, but it was more out of confusion than disappointment or anger.
"Okay, okay, okay," Tony said over Pepper. "One thing at a time! First, I'm fine. I'm not hurt, I'm not dying, and I'm not kidnapped. I'm at S.H.I.E.L.D. and I'm perfectly safe."
Tony didn't immediately respond. Instead, he turned to look around the room. Various doctors were walking around, consulting with each other and monitoring several different screens. Most of them just displayed information – likely Barton's vitals, but Tony didn't want to look closer to confirm it – but the largest screen of them all displayed something different; the live CCTV video of Barton lying in the hospital bed, intubated.
However – much to his surprise – Clint found himself unable to fall asleep. He closed his eyes, but he wouldn't drift off. Granted, he
"He's not in there." Lara narrowed her eyes.
"Jess," Carol called out. "What are you doing?"
Remember kids, sneaking out of the hospital is perfectly fine, especially when your immune system is compromised and you can barely stand on your own two feet!
"Are you okay?" were the first words out of his mouth. Tony nodded.
"I don't think she knows what the truth is," she said. "Like she legitimately can't remember."
"I've been busy." That still didn't explain why she couldn't have waited until a decent hour, though. "Where are they?"
"Alright," he said. "If that doesn't put you in the running for boyfriend of the year…" Steve lips turned upwards, and Tony returned the smile for a moment before looking back down. "Fuck, I'm so sorry for all of this."
"Working on another project."
"And I wasn't expecting you to be up for another hour." Her eyes scanned his body up and down. "Or wearing clothes." Tony had on a baggy t-shirt that may or may not have originally belonged to Steve and a pair of sweatpants that had "Stark Industries" going up one of the legs. It wasn't like he was embarrassed to be seen in those pajamas, but secretly he wished he had gone to bed with fewer clothes on. Steve, too. Tony frowned.
"This is Dr. Martha Smith," he said. "She's worked on Stark before and is familiar with his case." Carol nodded.
"Yeah, but now I can't lock it!" Tony said. "You'd think that'd be important to someone whose house just got broken into."
Steve sighed. He needed to push all of that aside. Tonight, he was going out with a friend and they were going to have fun. He should just focus on that for right now.
Steve did as told and pulled back the covers, getting into the bed without a moment of hesitation. Tony, meanwhile, pulled the blue blanket out from underneath him, and as soon as Steve was in bed with him, he spread it over the both. Steve enveloped Tony in his arms in a second.
"I get it now," Lara said as she raked her fingers through her hair. "I finally get it! I finally understand why so many celebrities have drug problems! It's the damn interviews! They're freaking murder!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"What game?" Hill asked.
When Knežević finally emerged from the water, he was only a few feet ahead of Tony. Tony once again fired a low-powered repulsor blast at him. Knežević landed face-first in the sand with a loud, wet smack! Tony restrained his arms before he even had a chance to think about getting up.
"You might have said some stuff last night that kind of makes sense…" Tony raised an eyebrow.
"A what?" Steve questioned.
"Then there's got to be something than can be done about it, right?"
"Got it."
"I think there might be some rule or regulation somewhere that states that you have to leave when your flight plan says you're going to."
"Let me guess," Natasha said. "Mostly Stark bitching me out for spying on him and taking away his boy toy?" Lara grinned.
"That was your ex?" Lara nodded in confirmation. "I'm sorry about that."
Laura paused again to recompose herself. While the lull dragged on, Clint could hear Natasha arguing with someone. By the voice, he would guess it was Dr. Wayne. He could hear words like "unsafe" and "compromising yourself" being tossed around, but Nat remained steadfast. The only thing that mattered to Clint, though, was that she kept holding the phone up to his ear. He didn't want to miss a single word Laura said.
"Yes." With a sharp intake of breath, Jessica brought her hand up to her hair. This was not good. "Do I know you?" Jess let out a stressed laugh.
"Alright," she said. "Lay it on me."
"Good call," she said. "I've been looking into ways to approach our current problem."
"Absolutely."
They were about to move on to the next page when a door opened across the room. Through it stepped a professionally dressed woman in her mid-forties with graying brown hair and a smile that seemed earnestly warm. Tony knew then that time was up.
looking better within the hour, and if you don't I know of about fifty uncommon remedies you can try." Tony checked to pills to make sure they were what she said they were. Feeling satisfied, he popped the caplets into his mouth.
"Uninsured," she commented. "Nice. What's your last name?"
"Well, I hope you enjoyed it because I don't think I can put in a repeat performance tonight." Tony pinched the bridge of his nose with one hand and rubbed his temple with the other. Despite the pain, he knew that one more thing still needed to be said. "I know you don't want to be in a relationship with me. I've accepted that. I'd still like to be friends, though, if you want. I've missed you, Pepper."
"Actually yes," he said. "How did you know about that?"
"Still, can you do it?" Dante asked. Lara groaned and brought a hand to her head.
"What virgin eyes?"
"Clint, I'm pretty sure that means we're not doing this team thing right." Clint shrugged.
"Alright then," Dr. Fox said. "We'll take you off the valium immediately. I just have to disconnect this bag." The doctor gestured to something outside of Steve's field of vision and Steve nodded weakly to give the go-ahead. The doctor then disappeared from his view, but he could still hear him fiddling with some piece of equipment. "Just a fair warning, but it will take a while for the drugs to wear off. Do you feel tired at all?"
"I'm going to find out," Rhodey said as he went over to the kitchen counter to grab his wallet and keys. "I'm heading over there now."
Right, he had to keep his eyes on the prize. Whatever this newfound tension he had with Steve was, he could focus on it later. Find the Tesseract, stop S.H.I.E.L.D. from doing whatever stupid thing they were doing now, then he could focus on his screwed up emotional state.
"Hi," he said.
As soon as he swooped in, Tony knocked Loki to the ground with a repulsor blast to the chest. Once he landed – rather gracefully – on the ground and aimed all his weaponry at the Norse God, who was on his back, gasping for breath, and slowly sat up.
"I have a plan," Tony said. "Attack!" He then took off after the two men. Steve had to stifle a groan of annoyance as he raced to grab a parachute. He quickly slipped the pack over his shoulders and quickly clicked all the pieces of the safety harness into place.
The look of horror didn't leave Natasha's face. She started saying something so frantically that he had trouble reading her lips. He eventually recognized it was his name. Clint tried to ask her what was wrong, but before he could even finish asking Natasha pushed him down to the ground and another explosion went off. Everything was black after that.
"Just give it up already," Tony panted out. "You're not going to win here, so just give it up." He swallowed hard. His throat felt like it was on fire. Another warning came up on the display indicating that his fever had once again crossed the 105-degree threshold. Tony told JARVIS to "mute" before he could express his concern.
"Did anyone at Stark Industries know about your affiliation with the Church before they fired you?" Adoniram asked.
"You okay, babe?" Tony asked.
The appointment had been going surprisingly well. Dr. Cranston seemed to know what she was doing. She listened to what he had to say; really listened. She never asked Tony to repeat himself and the questions she asked were intelligent and well-structured rather than vague or leading. That made it much easier for Tony to explain everything that had been going on honestly without holding too much back.
"No, not
"Godmother," she said. "Final offer."
Lara nodded, but the sinking feeling in her gut did nothing to ease her mind. All she could think about was how this
"We don't have time for any moments," she said. "It's almost four-thirty. We need to be ready by eight. You can flirt with Cap later." She then turned and started walking towards the door, throwing a quick "come on" over her shoulder. Bruce and Clint followed with Lara bringing up the rear. That was, until she turned back to look at Tony.
"Sit down," she said as she did so herself. "Make yourself comfortable." Tony just raised an eyebrow. "What is it?"
"My hand?" She frowned, and her eyes narrowed. "Why?"
"If it's from S.H.I.E.L.D., then it's technically Avengers stuff, right?" Tony shrugged.
"Look, if the box really is too small, I can find another one!" Knežević climbed out of the box and started chasing after her. "We can be neighbors! I'll stay in the refrigerator box and we'll find another one for you! It'll be like a sitcom! I'll be the conservative family man who's too afraid to change my ways and you'll be my annoying progressive liberal feminist next-door neighbor! It'll be great! I'm sure we could get a good season or two on Fox before they inexplicably cancel us!"
"Stark is missing." The room fell dead silent. A deadpan look came across Lara's face as she responded.
The words got caught in Tony's mouth and it took him a moment to force them out. He had to swallow hard in order to do so, though.
"He's officially on the blacklist now," Cabe said. "If he tries to come in again, security will be on him before he even reaches the elevators."
"Well, he kind of did." Freeman shot Barton a look. "Stark was drunk yesterday. You know he was, right?"
"The thing is, I kind of already know it's not anything to worry about," Steve said. "Tony, Natasha, and Clint have all told me it's not likely to happen in the modern age."
"Only word I care about." That seemed to take the edge off Bruce's expression, but only just. He nodded and gestured around the area.
"When was the last time you slept?" Pepper asked.
"No," Tony said. "I'll be fine. I don't need to see any doctors. Unless one of their names happens to be McDreamy. Then I'm all for it."
When the driver brought the car to a stop in the driveway, Salinas immediately got out and offered Tony a hand. Tony tried to reject it, but the man was insistent. Begrudgingly, Tony let Salinas help him out of the car and lead him into the house through the side door.
"Yeah," Lila said. "I painted you something, so you'd feel better!"
of grinding gears made Clint jump. He took a few steps backward to look out into the hallway. A few feet away, he could see what looked to be metal curtains lowering over each of the windows.
"Is this about the sapphire?" Annabeth asked.
"That was incredible," Steve said. "I don't think I've ever seen the city like that."
"How long do you think it will be until he can have visitors?" Fury asked. "We kind of can't waste time here in bringing him up to speed."
"You don't need to tell me twice." With that, Steve went in for the kiss, which Tony completely surrendered himself to. The two became so immersed in each other that they didn't come back to reality until JARVIS informed them that Bruce had finished cooking.
"As I said, just give her a chance. She might surprise you."
As soon as Clint and Natasha returned to the lobby, they marched right up to the concierge's desk and held up their S.H.I.E.L.D. IDs and badges. Steve and Bruce quickly followed behind them.
"Cap, hit the lever."
"I'll keep that in mind," Tony called over his shoulder as he and Steve left the second-in-command of S.H.I.E.L.D. standing angrily in the dust. Once they were out of the building, Tony turned to Steve and smiled.
She had completely forgotten about that.
However, it ended up not working. Although the news had reported that the Avenger dubbed "Hawkeye" was successfully infected with the virus and had come close to death, he was now apparently recovering. Thankfully, Sharpton had taken the blame as planned and there was nothing to connect the plot back to him or the Church. That was all fine and good except for the fact that it put a minor hitch in his plans.
"It won't be," Bruce said. "Not for you, at least." Lara didn't look convinced.
"She's still pretty bad," she admitted. "But with a little R&R, she should be on the mend." Tony nodded.
Stone never turned around, nor did he even glance in the direction of the air vent above him. It appeared that his gaze was constantly on Tony, rather than randomly looking about like a normal person would be. It was clearly an intentional effort to keep his face from being seen, meaning that he knew the camera was there.
"Seriously?" Rhodey smiled.
"I've just never been in an earthquake before," she explained. "I've got to admit, that was a little frightening." Tony nodded in understanding. It had been years since he first experienced an earthquake, but he could remember his own shocked terror at the unexpected event.
"Yeah," Bruce said. "And I'll read all about it."
When he arrived, he found a large group of people congregated in front of a section of hallway that was blocked off by yellow police tape. Among the group of people were Pepper, Dr. Griffith, Griffith's assistant (whose name Tony could not remember), an FBI agent, an ATF agent, an officer from the sheriff's department whose nametag identified her as Deputy Sherriff Fairchild, and a woman who had no clothing identifying her affiliation, but stood out with her dark hair, bright green eyes, and curvy yet strong figure. Everyone immediately took notice of Tony as he approached the group.
"It was a long time ago… At least for me," Tony added when he realized his mistake.
Tony stood there a moment, taking in everything that he just learned. Although he did feel legitimately concerned about Carol's mental state, Natasha did say that she didn't think Carol had bad intentions and he was willing to trust that at least. Resolving to that, Tony gathered up his food and went out to the lounge as well.
"What if we need to use the bathroom?" Clint asked. "I don't see one attached…"
"As I said, he's going after the guy who robbed him. He didn't say exactly where that was." Natasha shook her head in exasperation. "I did get a name, though," Steve offered, causing the agent's eyes to perk up. "Vasyl Can-nez-a-vick? I might not be saying that right."
"Wait!" Natasha turned to look at Steve. "Does this mean
," Tony said while a crew member hitched up a mini-microphone to the lapel of his suit.
"Oh," he heard one of the more menacing voices say. "And when exactly did you get your medical degree, Agent Romanoff?"
"Something like that," Oswin nervously admitted. "I'll tell you later. For now, let's just stay focused on the task at hand."
"Public schools," Clint said.
"Don't forget about the stone press," Conroy remarked. "No witch hunt is complete without a good peine forte et dure."
Nobody shared his enthusiasm.
"That's okay," Lara said. "You probably shouldn't wake him up. Besides, I don't want him to lock me in the car again."
So... This is a turn you probably didn't think I would take.
Tony tried to keep his mind on the main goal for the moment; making sure that truly nothing had been taken from the house. Priority, the suits. Second priority, the servers that stored his entire database of information. Not only were the blueprints for the suits on that thing, but every file everything Tony ever invented after he took over the company, plus all his father's files that he had managed to digitize. There was a tremendous amount of damage one could do with that information. He did, of course, have it all protected to the max with a five-step verification process that only he could pass through and more fire walls than even he could be bothered to count. Still, it seemed when these kinds of things happened to him, they often went all-out on the level of damage and devastation they reached. He probably deserved it though, the law of averages and all that.
"Yep," Tony confirmed with a popping "p."
"You gonna be okay?" the man asked.
"And that's when the marriage ended," she said. "I called for divorce and tried to press assault charges."
"And you have a video of this?"
Originally uploaded to FFN on 1/18/21.
Originally uploaded on 10/14/19.
"We have agents doing sweeps of the building to make sure there aren't any more letters," Hill said. "The CDC is dealing with the exposed while we track down the bastards who did this, which is why we need you, Dr. Banner."
"Are you okay?" Stark nodded.
"I'll put you in for a rain check," he said.
"The meeting hasn't even started yet," Tony tried to argue. "You can't vote on anything." Natasha raised an eyebrow.
patient!
"That's all I can do," he said. "I can't…" Carol nodded in understanding.
"…And this brings us to our last exhibit," Viv's voice said, capturing both men's attentions before Tony could respond. "Celebrating one of America's greatest heroes!"
The first procedure was a measurement of his temperature. The basic principle was the same, but the instrument looked completely different than the thermometers he was used to. Dr. Fox explained that the small, thin, metal rod went under his tongue and told the box-like device what his temperature through a wire that connected the two. The concept reminded Steve of something that someone (probably Howard) had shown him; these big towering machines that could calculate huge numbers far more efficiently than the human brain and that could "talk" to each other.
"I didn't mean it like that," he said.
"Let's do it." Tony pressed a quick, chaste kiss to Steve's lips before he started to get up. Steve raised his eyebrows and put a hand on Tony's back.
"I'm gonna need a rain check on that dance." Freezing waters and the edge of an ice shelf came into view. It took Peggy a moment to respond, and when she did, it sounded like she was holding back tears.
"I'm not going to freak out again," he assured.
"What do you mean?" Tony asked. "I thought this
"Oh yeah," Lara said. "Real mature, Dante! Just hide from your problems like everything else! What a man you are!"
"Loki's going back to Asgard?" Bruce questioned.
"Really?" Stark kept his voice calm and even, giving Natasha little insight into what he was really thinking. "And if it's not the right report – and Fury knows this – why is it still in my file?"
Originally uploaded to FFN on 1/25/21.
"Who is the woman sitting next to me?" Tony had to lean forward to get a good look at the woman's face. When he did, his mind recalled a headline.
"What do you mean?" Carol swallowed hard, but her gaze remained challenging.
Tony looked over to the door and saw that Fury had walked into the room, followed by Hill and Carol. Carol had her hands in the pockets of her flight jacket and looked like she wasn't trying to draw attention to herself. She gave him a sympathetic look but didn't say anything.
Tony scrambled out of the elevator and was relieved to find that the alarm seemed to be contained to that space. Without much thought, he headed for the staircase. After all, booze was more important than accountability, right? Obviously not, but Tony was too far out of it to realize that. He headed down the stairs, though in all honesty, he felt that he was going at far too slow a pace. However, it's not like he had a choice. It was his own incoordination that was throwing him off. He only had himself to blame for that.
"I'm sure," Pepper assured. "Just go home and get some sleep."
Images flashed through Tony's mind at a rapid rate. Some flashed by so fast he couldn't make out the details. Others he could see clearly. There were the bright orange glares of explosions; the light slowly fading out of Yinsin's eyes; Pepper's face contorted unnaturally as she cried out in pain… Then there was Steve's voice coming over the comms, sadly saying the accursed words; "Tony, you know that's a one-way trip."
I hope you enjoyed Steve and Tony's talk, because this is the second to last chapter before I go on hiatus. If the past few author's notes haven't made it apparent, I have other things I need to deal with in my life - specifically health-related things - plus the holidays are coming up, so yeah. Not great timing. I'll be back in January, though! I promise!
"I actually have a number of appointments I haven't gotten to cancelling yet," she explained. "If you could do that for me, that would be a huge relief." Lara nodded.
"Seriously, stop it!" He let out a frustrated groan and brought his hand to his forehead for a second before looking back at Duran. "I hate to ask this," he begrudgingly said. "But do you have any idea as to how to get her to crack? Because I sure as hell don't."
"My name is Nick Fury," the man said. "I'm the director of S.H.I.E.L.D. – an international peace-keeping organization established by Agent Carter and Howard Stark."
Remember kids, while today it is me, we all shall fall.
"But that's still the same, right?" Tony's smile broadened as he stepped towards Steve.
"No need," Steve said. "You were looking out for Tony. I understand. Besides, I'm not upset with either of you."
"Dr. Banner, we need you to come in." For a few seconds, all Bruce could do was blink.
Once inside, they made themselves comfortable on the sofa and began to wait for the others to arrive. They texted Stark to let him know that they were there, and he responded that they were still twenty minutes out from D.C. When you figured twenty minutes to fly in, fifteen to get their luggage, and God knows how long to battle the D.C. traffic, it was going to be a bit of a wait. Luckily, Natasha had brought a book and Clint was clearly enthralled with his phone, so they'd managed to kill the time easily, just like everything else.
"Sir, we have more incoming," he said.
It felt like they had been flying around for much longer than an hour. In fact, Steve wouldn't be surprised if they had flown in circles at a few points. After all, S.H.I.E.L.D. probably wanted to keep the location of their emergency secret base a secret. So, when they finally touched down on the aircraft carrier, Steve was just happy to be able to get up and stretch his legs. He was also the tiniest bit happier when he caught sight of a familiar face.
"Wait, I get fifteen minutes guaranteed," she said. "That was the deal."
"Public radio," Steve continued.
Stepping inside, Tony reviewed the buttons on the control panel carefully. For the life of him, he couldn't remember which button led to the lobby. Was it the big "L" or the star? No, it had to be the one with the little man running away from the fire on it. Tony pressed that button and was met with disappointment. The elevator doors – which had started to close – suddenly slid back open and a loud buzzing noise emitted from the speaker above him. He clasped his hands over his ears and squeezed his eyes shut. If he thought the ding was bad…
"Can I have cab fare back to Hawthorne?" she asked. "You can take it off my paycheck if you want, I'm just not walking the entire length of that mountain again."
Steve wondered briefly what that was about but decided to just brush it off for now. Instead, he followed Wylie to the office and listened as the other man explained how to make a call. Apparently, now you had to dial the number yourself instead of waiting for the operator to connect the call. Also, for some reason you had to dial the number nine first before dialing the rest of the number to get the call out of the building. Other than that, it didn't sound as complicated as he was expecting. He thanked the agent for his assistance and waited for the other man to step out of the room to sit down and make the call.
"Well," Betty said as she pulled back from the lenses, standing up straight. "The most important thing is that this isn't one kind of pathogen; it's two."
"He's not in your room?" Lara said. "He couldn't have snuck in while you were asleep?"
"Oh," he said. "What was that?"
So, yeah, this chapter is based on a Captain America comic I read months ago (I believe it was Captain America: Man Out of Time) but I didn't re-read it before writing this chapter because I knew I'd be tempted to copy it word-for-word. I just took what I remembered about the comic and put my own spin on it. So credit for the original idea goes to whoever wrote the original comic (Wikipedia is NOT helping me on this) and I hope you all enjoy this chapter.
"My girlfriend?" Clint broke out into a cold sweat. (At least, he would have if he wasn't already sweating. Instead the rate of which he was perspiring just increased.) He wondered for a moment how Stark could have possibly known about Laura before he realized that he couldn't have. His brain made the connections and realized who he was talking about. "Do you mean Natasha?"
"You know, I wasn't expecting you for another hour," he said as he opened the door.
"Okay," Steve said gratefully. The more people Tony had supporting him, the better. "What time is he coming?"
"Keep?" Natasha tried to get around Steve's arm so she could approach the man, but Steve wouldn't let her. "You mean someone else has broken the elevator today?" The man looked at Natasha like he thought she was stupid.
"And last time she used her position to spy on me," Tony said. "So, I think I have a right to be a bit wary of her."
"You never know until you ask," Natasha said. Lara shrugged.
"Fine," Tony said, turning his gaze upwards. "Let's keep them occupied."
"I know," Adoniram smiled. "It went better than we could have ever predicted."
"No," he said. "I think it was the sudden stop." Steve nodded.
When he was certain no one was paying attention to what his hands were doing, Tony quickly stuck a device on the underside of one of the holographic displays. The device was small and hexagonal-shaped, so anyone who just gave the machine a passing glance would just think it was your average, everyday bolt and not question it. It would give Tony the backdoor he needed to break into S.H.I.E.L.D.'s database.
"Which ones?" Betty looked sympathetic.
"What do you mean?"
"If that's all, Commander Hill," Tony said. "I think Steve and I will be off now."
The foyer doors and the outside doors were both made of glass. This meant Steve would see if one or both left. It also meant that he could still hear them shouting. Granted, the glass muffled the sound and even with his enhanced hearing he couldn't exactly make out what they were saying. However, he knew Lara sounded angry while Tony sounded drunk. Steve could very easily put the pieces together and figure out what they were arguing about.
"I apologize for keeping you waiting," the man said. "I had other matters I needed to attend to."
"I don't…" He said in befuddled, heavily accented English. "I didn't give her…" Natasha shot him a look before turning her attention back to the conversation with Coulson.
, he reminded himself.
"I want to get these on your feet," he said. "It'll help warm you up."
Remember kids, you're never weak for asking for help when you need it.
At least he won't be alone, she thought. That Steve there sure seems to be determined to stick by him no matter what. Although she had been suspicious and wary of Steve at first, his concern for Tony seemed to be nonetheless genuine. She didn't get entirely what was going on there, but if Tony was happy and wasn't in any immediate danger, then she supposed she had no right to complain. Tony was moving on and believe it or not that took a huge weight off Pepper's shoulders. She knew they wouldn't work as a couple, but she still wanted to be Tony's friend and it lessened the strain not to have the "break up" (if you could even call it that) hanging over their heads. She honestly wished them both the best of luck. Tony deserved to be able to smile like that at least after all the stuff he's been through today alone, never mind the rest of his life.
"Steve," Bruce said. "Tell me none of this smells a little funky to you." Steve looked at Bruce and back at Tony. All he could think about was how angry he was at Tony, and now some of that anger was starting to spill over on to Bruce, just for the simple difference in opinion. Steve knew that he had to step back from the situation before it could escalate any further.
"Don't hang up!"
"It still doesn't help anything," Steve said. "I still can't help him and I'm still going to lose him."
"I just wanted a drink of water." The frightening expression on Salinas' face and faded away and he nodded.
"Good to hear," Lara said. "So, you're doing better?"
"I was bored," he said. "I couldn't sleep…"
?" Tony practically laughed out. "You hate that show."
"It's alright for now, though," Tony said. "I have more than enough money to pay for my own medical expenses. It's no big deal.
"Not well," he admitted. "I mean, I try to be there as best as I can for Tony, but it feels like I'm not doing enough."
"They're not," Natasha said. "You just don't agree with them." Tony turned his gaze to Steve, giving him a pleading look.
"No," he said. "That is a big deal, especially when…"
"You've got to be kidding me." Oswin's eyes were heavy with exhaustion and tears were spilling over from the emotional stress of the past twenty-four hours. However, she could clearly see that where Knežević had led her was to a box on the side of the southbound lane of the Pacific Coast Highway on the northern outskirts of Los Angeles. He really wasn't kidding when he said all he had to his name was a box. The box was clearly too small to house
"They have healthier, more filling options," Pepper pointed out.
"I don't know what happened," she said. "I helped him plan out that press conference. I had no indication or any clue that he was even going to try something as ridiculous as going off like that."
Not having a good enough argument for that, Clint relented and let Natasha take on his weight. She helped him down the hall, into the elevator, and all the way back to the bedroom. Nat pulled back the sheets and helped Clint into bed. He laid back as he tried to catch his breath. Concerned, she pressed the back of her hand against his forehead, trying to gauge his temperature. He did not feel hot, but that did not do anything to reassure her.
"My daughter," Knežvić clarified. "I haven't seen her in so long. Do you think I could find a picture of her if I searched?"
"Well then maybe he just doesn't want to talk to you," Freeman said. Steve looked down and swallowed hard.
Thankfully, Hill could finally get away from S.H.I.E.L.D. long enough to help him out. She provided him with a work around in the form of an innocent looking USB flash-drive. All he had to do was plug it into his laptop and he'd be able to connect to the network. Clint frowned when she gave it to him. It couldn't be that easy, especially considering the computer system he was trying to get around was designed by Tony Stark. However, he did need to get in contact with Laura, so he had to go with it no matter how skeptical he was.
"No," Steve said. "You're much more to me than that." Tony looked down. "You also said one other thing."
Everything started to blur. Jessica could feel the tears she was holding back sliding down her cheeks as her eyes slowly shut. The last thing she could clearly hear was the words "Hail Hydra."
"True enough," Lara admitted before glancing around the room and then back at Tony. "So, do you need me to hang around here or do you want me to go?"
"You're okay," Steve tried to assure him. "You're safe." Tony wanted to believe him; he did. However, he knew he was standing on the precipice of one of the worst arguments of his life. He was about to lose his boyfriend. He knew it, and nothing could convince him otherwise.
"I talked to Rhodey today and he told me the story about the sex tape." Tony frowned.
"Wow," she said. "Thank you, but now I just feel worse about filing the lawsuit without talking to you first."
"Well, the mighty have to fall somehow." Tony felt Carol squeeze his shoulder hard but tried to pass it off as her readjusting her grip on him. Tony wasn't fooled.
"Nah, nah, it's…" Tony let out a bit of a laugh. "Actually, that sounds good."
"Good morning, sweetheart," Tony said in a honeyed tone that made Steve try to stifle his groan as best he could.
Tony had to be honest; going through human resources training the day after having the sex talk with his boyfriend was not his idea of a good time. In fact, he would have laughed at the irony if he were not the one who created it in the first place. Granted, he forgot that he and Pepper had scheduled it for that day, but that did not matter. He only had himself to blame for that.
"It's fine, Tony," Pepper insisted one last time. "You just don't want to talk about what's bothering you."
"It might be paranoia," Bruce said. "But I can't help but wonder if they have some sort of ulterior motive in asking for her help."
"I, uh… No?" Well, that failed miserably. Dr. Cranston gave him a curious look.
"I didn't need to know," he explained. "I didn't ask." Natasha got up and moved to look out the glass panel on the door to his exam room/cell. Her hands were on her hips and though she had her back to him, Clint doubted he'd be able to read the expression on her face if she was facing him. "He's going to make his play soon, though," he was able to supply as he reached for the glass of water. "Today."
Getting up out of bed, Lara turned the TV on to ABC Channel 7. As she expected, there was an extensive report about the events at Avengers Tower the previous day. Nothing new was reported except that Stark Industries was scheduled to give a statement to the media at eight AM. That caught her attention. She quickly glanced at her phone to see if Pepper texted her anything but found nothing. Lara sighed and forced herself to dismiss it as Pepper just being too busy to get back to her. Hopefully, that would be the case. The alternatives would just serve to keep her up for much longer.
"Your father is dead, Stark. You know that." Tony pulled the covers away from his face and saw that Carol had been joined by Fury in the doorway. He sighed.
"The… The Gap?"
"No, no…" Lara's voice quivered uncomfortably. "But I almost wish it was." Given her clear discomfort, Bruce decided not to question that further, except to ask…
she thought.
"You won't get caught," he laughed. "Oh, I am going to enjoy watching you get arrested."
"Thanks," Rhodes said. "And for what it's worth, I hope you never get put into that situation, period."
"Yeah," Tony said. "But that's nothing compared to all the years you've missed."
"I've been looking after him since I got back," he explained. "He's been a good boy. The most he's done is cry when I don't give him enough attention, but other than that, I've had no problems." Clint smiled as the puppy started licking his face.
"So, what are you going to do?" Bruce carefully asked. "Have you looked into treatment options? Therapy? Rehab?"
"No." Stark tried to jump in and add his own two cents, but Natasha did not allow him to. Not until she finished. "Because I didn't write that report." Stark narrowed his eyes.
"I'm not overly fond of what follows." Steve was going to ask what he meant, but he was quickly cut of as the plane lurched violently. He looked over to Natasha and the other agent flying the plane. They both calmly got the aircraft to stabilize, but it was clear that whatever had happened wasn't their doing. Natasha's gaze went upwards and Steve followed it and was shocked by what he saw. A person had landed on top of the aircraft.
It was a normal Tuesday morning in Los Angeles. The sun was shining, the plants were dying because the sun was shining for the ninety-seventh day in a row, and most every adult between the ages of twenty-one and sixty-five were beginning to start their workdays. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. That was, unless they thought to check in their backyards.
"We're still keeping breakfast light, though," Cap said. "Scrambled eggs and toast. Do you guys want any?"
"That's it?" he questioned.
With that, she took the plate of sandwiches Bruce had prepared and went to bring it to Clint. Lara, meanwhile, directed her gaze down to the countertop. Bruce had finished making the fried egg sandwich while the conversation had been going on. Gently, he pushed the plate in front of her.
"They better." Steve nodded in agreement, knowing the sentiment was easier said than done.
"Good morning to you, too." He obviously wasn't very enthusiastic upon waking. "Do you have a map and a phone book I can borrow."
"Fair point." Tony shrugged.
"So, are you ready to go back to the hospital now?" Steve asked.
"Tony?"
With that, she slid her phone back into her purse and began making her way to the emergency stairwell. However, it was too late. As soon as she opened the door, Lara heard footsteps and several voices trying to whisper as quietly as possible. Before she could even make out what they were saying or who they were, she shut the door without letting it make a sound.
Tony's mind homed in on that word.
Tony held his breath, waiting for the confrontation. Romanoff was somewhat merciful. She waited until they were out of earshot of their table to say something and kept her voice low when she did to keep strangers from overhearing.
"I called the RCMP," Salinas pointed out.
She couldn't be the only one asking that question. In fact, given how prone he was to paranoia, Natasha was surprised that Tony really hadn't questioned it. Nat had known Fury for years; had worked under him for almost a decade. Never once had he mentioned a Captain Carol Danvers, or even indicated that he knew that someone with power such as hers even existed. Yes, he started the Avengers Initiative and sought out enhanced individuals like her, Tony, Steve, and Bruce to protect the world, but if he had known this woman existed, why didn't he recruit her? It didn't make sense in Nat's mind, no matter which way she sliced it.
"You think Fury's hiding something?" Steve said plainly.
"No," Tony said. "This is something only I can do." Once again, Conroy seemed to be catching on to what he was saying.
"She didn't tell me anything about her powers other than that she could blast stuff and fly," he explained. "But she did tell me a few things about her past."
"Any of the three stairwells would suffice," the AI explained. "But I would recommend the emergency stairwell in the south-west corner of the building. It is reinforced with steel and was built to withstand a potential explosion or building collapse. The access doors to each floor are also bullet-resistant."
"You're welcome," Salinas sat down next to him. "Can I see your feet?" Tony narrowed his eyes.
Clint smiled.
Sorry this is late. I'm only just now getting my head on straight.
"But…" Pepper trailed off.
(See the end of the chapter for
So, Tony shut the door behind him, all too aware of both the physical pain of his migraine and the emotional pain of being in a room alone with Pepper. He watched as she sat down in one of the chairs in the living area and moved to sit across from her.
) However, Clint couldn't help but wonder how Stark was handling all of this. Probably not well given the fact that this was the second or third time he'd been poisoned recently. He'd even pointed it out himself. Clint figured he might as well check up on him.
"Well, yes…"
"No," he said. "Don't do that. You do not get to worry about me and take care of me without me doing the same for you. That's not fair."
"He has a fever of 105," Steve spoke up. "He needs to see a doctor before he suffers brain damage or worse."
"Don't worry about Tony," Rhodes said. "He's already been dragged through the mud over this. He's strong enough to go through it again. Hell, this time might even be
"Okay," she said. "What's wrong?" Steve looked at her like she had two heads. Natasha brought a hand to her face. "Right. Stupid question. I got that." She moved her hand to push back her bangs. "Obviously, you're worried about Stark. Do you want to talk about it?"
"I know how a phone works," he said.
Sighing, Lara set off to make herself a sandwich. She didn't do anything too overboard; just bread, Balgonie, cheese, and mayo. After thoroughly spreading the mayo on her sandwich, she went to toss the knife she was using into the sink and caught sight of a bright flash of red stuffed between the edge of the sink and the microwave. At first, she dismissed it as being a dishrag which would have made sense, however, none of the dishrags that they owned were red and this one was sparkly. Letting curiosity get the better of her, Lara gave in and picked up the piece of fabric.
"It's a possibility," Bergeron said. "We have no solid evidence to confirm or deny it, though. My staff is going through the CCTV footage and interviewing all Stark Industries employees on the premises."
"His leg?" Laura questioned.
"Do you know what it's like to be unmade?" It only took eye contact with Natasha for Clint to remind himself who he was talking to.
"Tony…"
"Homeland Security!" Duran shouted. "Freeze!"
He stepped away from the redheaded agent, not bothering to try and read the expression on her face. Taking a moment to organize his thoughts, Steve got a rough idea of what he needed to do in no order. One, find out where Tony was going. Two, figure out a way to get to Tony. Three, figure out how to protect Tony. Those three things were simple, but the resolutions were hard to come by.
"Hey," she said. "How are you feeling?"
"There isn't anything I can think of," Clint said. Natasha shrugged.
Yay! Finally some Steve/Tony interaction! Granted, they're not exactly being too friendly with each other at the moment. I wonder why that is?
"Can't argue with that," Barton agreed.
"It's what I deserve."
"So, what do you think?" he asked.
However, he found that his brain could not stop focusing on the video. So instead, he did what he usually did when he couldn't get something off his mind (and couldn't drink); direct all his energy somewhere else. Once the computer booted up, he brought up the video Cabe had given them the day before of Freeman letting the People's Unity Church members into the Tower.
"Thank you," he said. Tony pulled himself closer to Steve.
Looking around the holographic screen to see Steve's sleeping form, Tony couldn't help but smile. Although it probably wasn't comfortable to sleep sitting up the way Steve was, his face was peaceful as he took shallow breath after shallow breath. Whatever doubts or worries he had about bringing Steve back to Los Angeles with him instantly vanished. He was with him and that was all that mattered, at least for right now.
It was then that Knežević realized how tightly he was gripping the steering wheel.
bright. Granted, he still had lingering photosensitivity from going through withdrawal, but he had a feeling that he'd be bothered by it regardless. Fluorescent lights tended to be relentless like that, especially that one in the corner that wouldn't stop flickering. He swore he could feel his optic nerve die and he hated himself for doing this to himself.
"What happened?" Steve asked.
"Supervising all of it." Translation: "Doing nothing and taking all of the credit."
"Yes," Pepper said. "She's extremely
"Okay," Lara said. "Bye."
"Thank you," she said. Clint nodded.
At the same time, Alpha tried firing beam at Carol. Spinning around and stepping out of the way, she avoided the beam and sent an energy blast towards Alpha. Unlike the other times Carol fired at her, though, Alpha managed to dodge it. As a result, the blast ended up going into a wall with a gas line running through it.
"Knock that screaming off now," Mrs. Barnes reprimanded. "I swear, they can hear you in Timbuktu."
This tactic made it easy to see why Freeman would suggest recruiting the Avengers. After all, he'd seen the power of celebrity work before. If they got the Avengers to joint the Peoples Unity Church, they would certainly see an uptick in recruitment like they had never seen before. However, it couldn't be done. Adoniram had already painted the Avengers in a villainous light to his already established followers. If he were to do a one-eighty and recruit the Avengers into the Church, then he would be risking losing the established group. Although his brainwashing techniques were thorough and intense, Adoniram wasn't arrogant enough to think it was perfect. It could and had been broken in the past – hence why he always said, "
"Still, that's huge, especially considering she hasn't been in the field since Bahrain…" A small smile came across Clint's face. "I'm actually kind of proud of her." Natasha reflected that smile as she sat down next to him.
"If I was speaking to you, I'd tell you to go fuck yourself."
When she tried it on Friday, she encountered no problems. Granted, the People's Unity Church hadn't been there that day, so there hadn't been a point to it, but at least she wasn't attacked and mugged. This time she was hoping that things would go much the same. They didn't.
"Tony Stark." Wylie looked up and raised an eyebrow.
"Ah, no," Tony said. "I still have some stuff to take care of."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Audrey and Stephanie aren't allowed down there," he defended. "The door is always locked, and even if they did manage to get around that, all the hazardous materials are stored up high in a locked cabinet. It's perfectly safe."
"What?" Tony said. "No, of course not."
a sedative!" the woman said. "It's a form of anesthetic, more commonly used on animals than on people!" Rhodey's heart dropped at the words.
"Then what are you going to do?" To Natasha's surprise, Stark's face fell.
"I just touched it," she gasped. "Maybe…"
"Mama," she cried at the top of her lungs. Bucky then appeared in the doorway beside Steve.
the word bounced and warped in Tony's brain like a gelatinous ball.
The rest of the Avengers and Lara disembarked the flight. Bruce, Romanoff, and Lara carried multiple bags over their shoulders while Barton struggled between his one pack and the squirming puppy he brought in his other arm. Pepper greeted Romanoff and Bruce warmly and introduced herself to Barton. Happy tried to take their bags from them. Bruce handed his right over, but Romanoff insisted she was perfectly capable of carrying her bags herself. It took a look from Barton and him handing over his backpack to get her to comply.
"Hate to say this, but I'm kind of on limited time here," she said. "Can you get on your computer and look up where the closest bus station is to Avengers Tower?"
Tony put his phone down on the table and sunk into his seat, shutting his eyes. Unsure of how much time they had left in the flight, he wasn't sure if he should fall asleep. Instead, he kept his eyes closed, and his mind on the very edge of awareness. He could hear Steve, Bruce, Barton, and Romanoff strike up a conversation. At one point, Steve ran his hand up and down Tony's arm in a comforting gesture. Tony smiled and leaned into the touch. It was lovely, peaceful. He liked it. He could spend the rest of his life like this.
"I'm fine," Tony said. "I need to go."
"Crap," Stark said. "JARVIS, tell Bruce what's going on and make sure he hasn't been exposed."
"But I
"You're kidding me, right?" Bergeron shook his head. "You don't honestly believe that this girl has powers, do you?"
"We can get access to a lot of different cameras. Webcams, phone cameras, X-Box Kinect cameras…" Steve shuddered at everything about that sentence. "Look, I know you're worried about Stark. I get it more than you know, but panicking's not going to help him." Steve sighed.
"How long has it been?" he asked. "Do you know?"
He spent the whole night sitting at the desk, touching the shard and pulling his fingers away, trying to process the information being dumped on him and trying to figure out how to get it to come to him at a much slower, more understandable pace. He started to notice that every time he touches the shard, he'd first be faced with the image of Karl Marx. Every time, he'd be too shocked to speak. It eventually occurred to him that maybe all he needed to do to interface with whatever this shard was speak up. It took a few tries, but eventually, he was able to get over his internal shock and was able to force a word out.
"Those would be…?"
Sharpton squeezed her eyes shut, a few tears slipping out. Natasha kept her grip on both Sharpton's hair and the knife firm. Her expression was cool as she leaned down closer to her face.
"Yeah?" Tony questioned. "And what kind is that?"
Going down in the elevator, Lara finished tying up her braid. She honestly didn't think this was going to be that big of a deal. Most likely, Tony had forgotten something and had sent someone to get it for him. A simple explanation for a complete non-issue. At least, that's what she thought.
"JARVIS," she called out. "Can you call the fire department's non-emergency number and tell them that there's no fire and the alarms went off falsely?"
"Do you think they have what chemicals they have in stock listed?"
"Is it safe to move him or should we keep him on the couch?" Bruce spoke up and asked.
"Wait, what do you mean you were 'assured'?" Pepper narrowed her eyes at him. "Didn't you read the questions before you went on-air?"
Eventually, the anchor was able to disclose the address – 925 W. 50th Street – which confirmed to Lara that it wasn't anywhere too nearby. With the discovery of the address came images of the building prior to the explosion – most likely found online. Lara was initially alarmed to find that the building was a school, but the closed captions assured that the building was condemned, and it was unlikely any children were inside or anywhere within the blast radius. That didn't guarantee anything, but it did offer sufficient reassurance. A few more recent photos came up, showing boarded up windows and doors, which added to that reassurance. Then the most recent photos came up, and that's what caught Lara's attention.
Turning around, Oswin kept her distance from the building while she tried to glance in the windows. She couldn't see anything on fire. It occurred to her that the earthquake could have caused something to malfunction in the smoke detectors and there was no actual fire, but she didn't have concrete proof of that and she wasn't going to run into a potentially burning building on the assumption that it wasn't on fire. That would just be stupid. However, at the same time, she couldn't call the fire department. After all, not only did she have stolen chemicals from Stark Industries in her basement, but she also had at least fifty-thousand dollars' worth of stolen goods nicked from jewelry and department stores throughout Southern California. Hell, she didn't even own the house she was staying in. She just started squatting in a foreclosed upon home shortly after she started dating Nina. Calling 911 wasn't an option.
Clint didn't know how Fury lost his eye, but when he came over to the house after Lila was born, Cooper wouldn't stop asking about it. So, to shut him up before he said something impolite, Clint told Cooper that he just wasn't born with one and that it happens to people sometimes. Cooper understood as well as any four-year-old could and thankfully didn't press it further. (It didn't stop him from asking Fury if it meant that he hand his dad worked as pirates, to which Fury humored him.) Because of that, both children understood that sort of disability, so that saved them an explanation.
"Your ambition is little," the Other growled. "And born of childish need. We look beyond the Earth to greater worlds the Tesseract will unveil."
Steve then helped Tony to the door and into the house. Once inside Tony called for JARVIS to turn on the lights (Steve wasn't surprised that Tony had the AI in his house as well.) and directed Steve up the stairs to his bedroom. Pulling back the covers, Steve helped Tony get situated in bed before pulling the blankets over him and looking around the room awkwardly.
"No," Tony said. "But you wanted to."
than earlier. At that point, Steve realized he should probably be doing something to bring down the fever, so he went into the bathroom, soaked a cloth with cold water, and pressed it to Tony's forehead. It wasn't much, and it probably did little to help, but at least it was something.
"Natasha," she corrected before turning her attention to Coulson. "They need you on the bridge. They're starting the face-trace."
After finishing their meals, the Avengers went straight back to the Hellicarrier for debriefings, and yes, it became very apparent that getting a play-by-play of what actually happened was clearly S.H.I.E.L.D.'s priority as they weren't allowed to shower or get medical attention first. As far as they were concerned, if you were still standing you could handle a forty-five-minute interview in a dark, cold, soundproof room. After which, they were finally allowed to clean themselves up and see medical professionals.
"Are you sure?" she asked. "Do you need anything?"
"Everhart's interview?" Tony asked.
"Chaos," Bruce continued.
"No," she said. "Does this have to do with that robbery at Stark Industries that was all over the Internet yesterday?"
"If a plane fell 650 feet to the ground in the middle of an
"It seems Agent Romanoff has decided to take Stark's place in quarantine," Hill said. "She ran in without a protective suit."
"Will do," Bruce said. "If I don't see you tomorrow, I'd like to say goodbye." Betty smiled.
"Oswin, then," he amended.
"Yeah," Steve agreed. "Now more than ever." He pressed a kiss to Tony's temple. "Is there anything you need from me right now?"
"What do you mean?" Steve said. "I thought we had to wait for the CDC to do something."
"Good to know," he said. "Is there anything else I can do for you? Anything I could get you?" Before Steve could stop himself, he replied.
However, if it was Dante, that kind of made less sense. After all, whoever was texting her knew she was friends with Bruce and as far as Dante was concerned, she just worked for Stark Industries; she didn't know Bruce or any other of the Avengers. So, for him to use Bruce's name and the name of one of his acquaintances made no sense at all. Still, she had that sinking, suspicious feeling in her gut that made her hesitant to reply. Pulling the phone away from her face, she figured that there was only one way to find out the truth and swallowed hard.
spy. His secrets have secrets." He then reached into the bag of blueberries he was holding and popped a few in his mouth. "It's bothering him, too." He said with a full mouth while gesturing over to Bruce.
"I should probably go back to doing things that are my business," Lara said. "Like running Tony's business."
"She just went to use the restroom," Nina said. "She should be out in a minute."
"We need to figure something out," Natasha said. "I get the feeling that the longer we let this go unaddressed, the more likely Stark is to do this again."
"It was just a joke, Natasha," Clint said. "Calm down."
"Better," she said. "Now that I can see that you're actually okay."
"Because the water you just drank was poisoned. You'll be dead in fifteen minutes."
Before too long, they heard the microphone system click on and the crowd politely clap as the presenter came on the stage. The guy introduced himself as Joe Schmoe or something else unimportant and gave a whole spiel introducing them as "the heroes they've all been waiting for" or another equally cheesy line like that. Tony didn't care. He just wanted to get this over with so he could down the rest of his mimosa, but still, eventually the cue came and the five of them walked out on stage.
"You will all fall before me," he snarled out.
"That we're aware of," Fury said. "We've had a physician check him out. She deemed him healthy enough not to be constantly monitored."
"Is he responsive?"
They all seemed to agree before going about their own business and reading the packets. However, a rather anxious silence seemed to fall over the car. Tony felt a hand slide into his. He turned to look at Steve.
With that, he took a bite out of his taco, turned, and exited the restaurant. He didn't call the police about the body. He just left her there as a surprise for the next person who walked in.
A nurse caught up with him before he made it to Tony's room. She did not give him any compromising medical information – as she wanted to keep her job – but did disclose that Tony was still exhausted and out of it and asked him not to freak out if he threw up. She led him to the room and opened the door, only to be surprised by what she saw.
"Yeah," Tony softly confirmed.
"Will do Pepper," Steve assured. "We'll miss you, though."
Speaking of Tony Stark, Knežević was unsure about whether he wanted the billionaire on his vengeance list or not. Just the simple fact that his name was on the barrels of chemicals that ended up killing his daughters was enough to make him want the guy dead. However, the more he thought about going after the guy, it became clearer that wasn't a good idea, just simply for the two words "Iron Man." All Stark would have to do was put on the suit and Knežević would be as good as dead. He already knew these "powers" or whatever they were wouldn't be strong enough to break through that armor and just one blast from those energy-beam-things in the suit's hands would put a gaping hole in him. He was still in his underwear for goodness' sake! (He tried putting clothes on but found the task daunting now that everything he touched turned to stone and he eventually gave up. If he couldn't put on a simple shirt and pants, then it probably could be surmised that that any sort of protective gear would be next to impossible.) Going toe to toe with Stark was a horrible idea. So, as much as he wanted to kill the man, Knežević decided that it would be best to leave him off his hit list. At least, for now.
"What is this?" Rhodey questioned aloud. "Some kind of
"That's fine," Dr. Cranston assured. "You can finish it up afterwards."
Looking around, Lara quickly spotted Pepper and her assistant in the back. Both were on their phones and Lara could tell that they were trying to restrain their voices' volume and tone. A blonde woman sat at their table with them and from the way she was dressed (black pants suit with a white button-up shirt) she could tell that she was a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. Automatically, Lara knew she was going to have to supply ID, so she fished around in her purse for her wallet and pulled out both her driver's license and her SI ID. The agent nodded in approval of both and Lara quietly mouth the words "thank you."
"How can the entire world know you have homosexual tendencies and yet you're not in jail or at least the asylum?" The worry in Steve's voice caused Tony's heart to metaphorically ache.
"Okay," Tony said. "I've had more than two glasses of wine. You've got me there, but a guy can't enjoy a few drinks after a hard day?"
"Thinking about you." Although his heart did soften a bit at the thought, Tony could not overlook the fact that that Steve's thoughts that night were more troubled than romantic or kinky. Slowly, he pealed himself away from Steve and stood up, collecting blankets from the ground, and throwing them over his lover's nude form.
"Right away, husband." She patted his cheek before retreating into the den.
"I didn't."
"I am," Steve insisted. "We've already had so many close calls and we've only been dating for four months. Especially with what happened in D.C., I'm starting to feel like we're running out of our lot of them and it's only a matter of time…"
"I do," he said.
trilogy on DVD, but she was grateful for it. Otherwise, she'd have nothing to keep her entertained until he got back.
"Dr. Subarian?" Sharpton shook her head as if mentally berating herself for revealing the information in the first place. However, she was still able to continue.
"You feel attracted to both?" Tony nodded. He kept waiting for Peggy to pull her hand away, but she never did. Instead, he just heard her take a deep breath and say, "well, isn't this a sense of déjà vu." Tony slowly pried his eyes open, turned, and looked at her. Her eyes were filled with nothing but kindness and understanding. "Do you want me to take Sharon from you? She looks like she's going to be fussy there in a moment."
"Nah," he said. "I just need to sit down and relax for a minute." He then moved to sit behind Tony's desk and motioned to one of the chairs across the room. "Why don't you have a seat, too, Captain?"
"I would have informed you when Salinas was ready for you," Freeman defended. Tony caught the roll of Romanoff's eyes.
"So, what does that sound like to you." He could feel the smile coming across Tony's face.
"Reputation doesn't mean shit," Stark said. "If I was dying, no one know it."
In the end, Natasha heard the screaming from across the hall and came running. Immediately recognizing that it was KY jelly on the walls – not actual blood – and that Clint had no obvious injuries, she smacked him on the side of the head with a throw pillow and hauled him to his feet. Both Lara and Tony gaped, surprised that Clint was okay, and they had been tricked.
"I didn't think so," Betty said. "But it's worth a second look."
Remember kids, cliches are cliches for a reason.
"It's alright," she said. "It just stings a bit. They warned me that would happen."
"Why do you want to see the front doors?" he asked.
"To have sex with me?" Steve nodded in confirmation. "I didn't think you were afraid, I just thought you didn't want to, and I'm not going to push you into anything you don't want to do…"
"Alright," he reluctantly agreed. Romanoff stood up from her seat while Tony tried to make his way around the table. He did it, but it was hard. He put all his effort into not stumbling over his own two feet and as a result ended up overcorrecting himself and made things worse. By the time he made it over to Romanoff, she was holding an arm out to him.
