“Yeah?” Dean asks, smiling. He looks at their little villa and then around the rest of the hotel. They have work to do, but he thinks it'll be worth it. “I think I agree with you.”
Coworker doesn’t even seem like the right word to describe Cas anymore. Their friends now right? Dean has found himself actually enjoying the time they have shared together the past couple days and is actually kind of pissed at himself for not attempting to talk to the guy before this trip. He has even told Cas somethings he hasn’t told most of his friends that have been in his life for years. Yeah he would consider Cas a friend now and just hopes the other man feels the same.
Just as he predicted Dean’s stomach starts to grumble signaling to Dean it's time for food. With one last glance at Cas, Dean forces himself to walk away and out the door. The breakfast room is teeming with people like it always is and the delicious smells of breakfast foods fill the air. He’s really going to miss this in a few days when they have to leave. Carol brings over a plate stacked high with his favorite for him, how she always knows exactly what he wants he will never know. She also brings over a mug of that delicious coffee that Dean loves made perfectly to his liking.
“We didn’t know what you two would want to do, which is why we brought it up now,” Cas replies, still watching them with his head tilted. Dean can’t help a soft smile forming on his lips when he glances at his friend. It’s not his fault Cas is so damn adorable when he tilts his head like that.
The zookeeper squints his eyes as he looks at Dean like he's an idiot, “No, like I was saying they’re herbivores eating mostly grass.”
“Yeah I probably deserved that!” Dean exclaims once they calm down a bit. “Come on big guy, let's get you up and skating.”
“You two ready for your first playdate?” he asks with a big smile. Twin cheers come from the girls and he turns his attention back to the road. There is precious cargo in his back seat, more than normal, and he has to make sure they get to the house safely.
Emma’s eyes start to tear up before she throws herself into her dad's arms and mumbles something into his shoulder. Dean tightens his hold and smiles softly to himself. This happens every year and he really shouldn't be surprised. His daughter is just like him. She hides her nerves behind a bright smile and the need to do something; the case today was bouncing up and down on her toes to try to rid herself of that nervous energy. Dean is the same way, he throws himself into work or the nearest task and smiles through it. He has gotten better over time though and he hopes the same for Emma.
“Four days and you didn't think to call?” Eileen demands with anger and worry lacing her tone. Dean cowers back a step which Castiel finds oddly endearing. This grown man is scared of a woman easily a head shorter than him. Probably for good reason too because when she turns her angry eyes onto Cas for an explanation he also takes a step back closer to Dean.
Suddenly soft footsteps can be heard around the room and the bathroom light flicks on before the door closes quietly. Dean waits motionless for Castiel to do whatever he has to do in the middle of the night. A few minutes go by and the bathroom door opens, bright light spilling into the room before Cas turns it off. Expecting Cas to get back into bed it surprises Dean when the bedroom door opens and Cas slips out into the hallway.
Dean walks into the room and shuts the door behind him. He leans against it taking in deep breaths to try to calm himself down. Eventually, Dean steps forward and removes his suit jacket leaving it on the bed before walking into the bathroom. He needs another shower to wash the night's events away. A nice hot shower then changing into comfortable pajamas sounds like the best way to spend the rest of the night. So he does just that.
“Well Sammy is a nerd so you two will get along just fine,” Dean teases, causing Castiel to glower at him when really he's just happy to see Dean feeling better. “Eileen, his wife, is deaf but can read lips really well, Sammy and I can also translate anything that gets lost. They have two little girls, Mary and Liz, and they are the most adorable little four-year-olds ever. Then there's my uncle Bobby. He's a bit gruff but really is just a giant teddy bear.”
Cas stands next to him and points to a distant land formation, telling him that's their home for the next week.
Castiel chooses to ignore the comments and instead tries to distract Ketch until they can board. “What should I expect for this big family Christmas dinner? Any special traditions?”
All Ketch asked for was another chance. Castiel can give him that. They worked well together before so they can work well together again. Whatever little crush Cas has on Dean will fade when they get back to New York since Cas will probably be fired and never see Dean again. There's no reason to dwell on something that will never be. With his mind made up, Castiel quickly finishes his shower and gets dressed for the day. Their flight leaves at eight so they can make it back to New York in time for the big family dinner with Ketch’s family.
“Cas,” Dean leans forward so that their brows are resting together and brings his hands up to cup Cas’ face, needing to just feel the man in front of him for a minute. Cas’ hands reach up and settle on Dean’s hips, his thumbs rubbing soothing circles, causing Dean’s breath to hitch. “I love you so much I’m so sorry for everything. I love you. I love you. I love you.”
Without a second's thought Dean gets up and moves to the other side of the small table to sit next to Claire on the bench seat. He can see barely there tear tracks running down her cheeks. Reaching out a hand he gently wipes the tears away with his thumb and studies her face. The pain and anger and betrayal are all clearly written, but he can also pick up hints of defeat and acceptance in her eyes. That breaks his heart the most. Claire really thinks Cas is going to abandon her.
Cas groans as he looks at the clock and sees he only has a couple hours to get everything ready and prepare himself for the rest of his day. He calls in Gabe and Charlie to ask for their help with the class today. He has found it best in the past to split into at least two groups so all the kids can listen and ask questions easier. They make a game plan and then move outside to help with opening the zoo. An hour later finds the three of them standing just within the gates watching the class make their way inside.
Dean’s not sure how much time passes but eventually Cas comes up beside him so that their shoulders are pressed together. The contact shouldn’t take Dean’s breath away, since small casual touches between the two of them have grown more and more normal over the several years of friendship. It doesn't matter how many times Cas casually brushes behind Dean when they are cooking in the kitchen together, or how many times there is a shoulder pat in greeting or passing, or the hand on a thigh to help Cas stand up from the couch. Even if they are an everyday occurrence it still affects Dean as if it were the first time. This is no different.
“Really I’m doing it for Cassie. That kid needs someone in his life and I think you would be good for him.”
Castiel waves them out, already preparing for his next class. He erases the white board and starts anew, writing the topic of the day in his favorite green marker. They’re in the poetry unit, one of his personal favorites, and are focusing on the nineteenth century this week. The class has already discussed Poe and Dickinson, and today they will discuss E. E. Cummings. Next week they move on to the famous twentieth and twenty-first century poets. At the end of the unit he will challenge his students to pick their favorite poet and recreate one of their famous poems in their own words. Some students love it and some absolutely hate it, but that's how it goes for anything he teaches. He is a high school English teacher, after all. At least he isn’t teaching math.
“Yes Alex!” Dean reaches into his pocket and pulls out mini packs of gummy bears for the kids. They each take one excitedly and start to feast on their treat. Dean looks back at Cas and winks, “Look out Cas, it’s about to be panda-monium here.”
Everyone cheers around him and disperses to gather their things. Only once the majority of the people have gone and only Dean’s friends remain, does Dean finally allow himself to deflate a little and slump into the nearest chair.
“True, but I trust Cassie and he likes you,” Gabe sticks a lollipop in his mouth, which confuses Dean on where he even got it from. “Meet us at the bar at 8:00. And don’t mess it up this time.”
“Mind if I cut in?” Ketch asks looking at Dean. Cas screams internally at Dean to not let Ketch take him away, but Dean just stands there, making Cas’ heart ache. Ketch takes the silence as a yes and moves in close to Castiel. He allows himself to be pulled into a slow sway that doesn’t give him the same warm feelings that dancing with Dean did.
“Please don’t tell me any more bad news. I don't think I can handle any more.” Dean interrupts tiredly. The last few months at the hotel have been hell, to put it lightly. Thing after thing going wrong and them having to spend more time and money to fix it all. It seems like everything they do, they have to do twice. At least! If it's the kitchen, more. They have had to redo the floor five times now.
“Dean! Claire is missing! I got a call from the school saying she never showed up even though I saw her get on the bus this morning and I already called her phone and she didn't answer and I ran to the house but she wasn’t there either. I called the hospital and rehab center to see if she went to see Amelia but they haven’t seen her either!” Cas is practically shouting into the phone. Dean feels awful. He can hear the terror and panic in Castiel’s voice and knows this whole thing could have been avoided.
“It’s the same coffee. Carol gets it from a local shop that roast their own beans right in house,” Dean explains with so much passion that it takes Castiel by surprise.
Realization dawns on Dean and he quickly loses the teasing smirk. “Shit man, am I cockblocking you right now? I can go.”
Just as the clock strikes midnight a golden light appears in the sky. It swirls around the clouds leaving a tail in its wake creating a bright streak through the night sky. Castiel is in awe as he watches the streak move through the stars. It’s the most beautiful thing he has ever seen, well second most beautiful behind Dean. He’s not sure how long the golden light travels through the air and he only comes back down to earth when it fades away leaving no trace.
“Surprise!” Dean exclaims before pulling his brother in for a hug. Sam’s arms automatically wrap around him in response and Castiel can see the tension leaving both brothers shoulders. It's clear the amount of love between them and it brings a smile to Cas’ face. When the brothers pull apart Sam turns his attention to Castiel, surprise clear in his eyes.
“I made a fool out of myself last time with all of my lame animal jokes, he probably thinks I’m an idiot. We should just not go,” Dean replies with a sense of finality.
A sensation on his hand draws his attention and he opens his eyes he didn't realize were clenched shut and sees Castiel’s hand covering his own. Once he registers that his other senses come back online. Dean can start to make out quiet words next to him and he tries to focus on what the voice is saying.
“You haven't found the certificate have you?” He asks quietly. Cas just shakes his head then removes his hand from Dean’s and walks out the room without another word. Dean watches him go, his heart clenching in his chest. He wishes there was something he could do to help Cas but he doesn't know what he could do besides find the certificate. Which frankly at this point would literally take a Christmas miracle. Dean was fortunate enough to have one Christmas miracle happen to him already; he doesn’t know the chances of another happening are very high.
“Are you Uncle Dee’s boyfriend?” One of the girls, Mary he thinks, asks. Dean and Cas both blush at the question while the others look at them expectedly.
Cas refuses to let any of them sit on any of the furniture until they are clean and freshly clothed, so Dean finds himself sitting on the deck steps with his friend by his side watching the waves glide over the sandy shore twenty feet away.
A few minutes later Dean boards the very small plane and searches for his seat. He spies Castiel sitting already, dude has probably been waiting at the airport for a few hours, and notices his spot is right next to him. Just his luck. And it's the window seat, even better. Dean tosses his jacket in his seat before stuffing his duffel into the overhead compartments. He then squeezes between his coworker and the chair in front (they seriously give you no room in these things) accidentally shoving his butt in Castiel’s face.
By the time seven o’clock rolled around Dean was ready to give up any pretext of sleeping so he rolled off the roll away and straight into the bathroom. He took a quick shower, which he regretted not doing the night before, then changed into a comfy pair of jeans and a henley. When he walked back out he saw Castiel still fast asleep on the amazing king sized bed. Dean took a minute to take in the other man.
They move to the next habitat sadly leaving the playful otters behind. With the tour quickly coming to a close Dean knows he needs to get at least one more pun in by the time the tour is over. He has a few ideas but needs to wait for the right moment. That moment comes when they’re standing in front of the hippos and Cas is talking about the animals' diet.
Dean has the biggest smile on his face and he is so proud of his little ones. He hears giggles coming from all around him, his class, and even some other guests at the school all laughing with him. It makes his heart happy knowing he was able to add a little extra to their trip today. Of course, it is a bit of a disappointment when he sees Cas from the corner of his eye looking completely confused on what just happened. Dean does his best to let it go (like Elsa) and focuses on his kids again.
“Cas! I can't believe you would say that!” he mocks in shock before sticking his bottom lip out in a pout and turning his best puppy dog eyes on Cas. His aren’t as good as Sammy’s or Cas’ but he's learned Cas has a hard time saying no to him when he pouts. When Cas rolls his eyes Dean knows he has won. “I love you!”
When he reaches the room all the lights are off and Dean is passed out in the bed. Castiel looks at a clock for the first time since dinner and sees it's almost midnight. Resigned to talk to Dean about the picture tomorrow Cas gets ready for bed and crawls in next to Dean. If he leaves less space between them then he did the night before its just because it's colder and Dean is really warm.
“Yeah, cause it's fun,” Dean says with a shrug. “Plus it is so much easier to flirt with women than with men! I mean I could charm a woman without even trying since we both know it won’t go anywhere, but put me in front of an attractive guy and I turn into a blubbering mess.”
“One coffee with two sugars!” Dean presents sitting back down in his seat. He watches Cas eagerly waiting to see his reaction. When Cas just starts chugging the drink down without appreciating any of the flavor Dean stares at him in disgust.
Deep breath in. One, two, three, four, five, six. Deep breath out. One, two, three, four, five, six.
Evening drifts in, bringing the cooler air with it. Dean sets up the campfire for the girls and Cas to huddle around while he makes his famous burgers for dinner. You can't go camping and not have burgers! Plus, Dean makes the absolute best burgers in the entire state. The fact that Castiel loves his burgers too has nothing to do with why Dean is making them their first night. Humming a song stuck in his head (no it is not Taylor Swift), Dean startles when he feels a gentle hand resting on the small of his back.
“What about you Mary? What flavor would you like? Missouri has mango, pineapple, sugar apple, grape, strawberry, coconut, anything sound yummy?” Dean asks his niece.
“Ketch?” Cas asks, moving away from Dean. The warmth leaves him fast making Dean feel suddenly lost. “What are you doing here?”
He grabs an apple (don’t tell Sammy) and heads out the door to call for a taxi. He would give anything to drive his Baby, but there is no way in hell he is leaving his beauty of a car in the airport parking lot for a week. Making a promise to himself to take her for a long drive when he gets back to the city Dean hops into the first cab he finds and is off to the airport.
“Well it's sure nice to meet all of you finally. Dean doesn’t stop talking about you guys. Well, you guys and Castiel,” she says with a knowing smile. Dean blushes but doesn’t deny it. Every single one of them there knows about his feelings for Cas, even Emma. His daughter has tried to get him to talk to Cas on many occasions, but Dean doesn’t want to risk anything and she knows that so she lets it go for the most part. She does still send him pointed looks every now and then which Dean very maturely ignores.
“A car? Where are you going? Charlie told us to stay here.” Cas protests slightly confused as to where Dean is planning on going. The town is small and within walking distance of the inn so a car isn’t really needed. “Is this for research?”
“Why did I agree to do this with you?” Dean hisses through his clenched teeth. His hands gripping the armrest turn an alarming shade of white from the strain. He can feel Cas’ eyes on him, a questioning gaze. The plane jolts slightly from the turbulence and Dean’s grip tightens even more. His breath comes out in quick harsh pants, not enough air able to make it to his lungs or brain.
His phone buzzes in his pocket with an incoming call and Dean knows it can only be one of two people. Either Benny with a problem at the site, or… Castiel.
“For what I said about you and Claire.” Not exactly what Dean was wanting to hear, but it still is nice to know. “You have always been there for Claire and myself. I love that you love her as if she were your own. I feel that way with Emma. I know you would do anything for both of them and I am so sorry for saying you have no rights with her. She trusts you and loves you too. We have always raised them together and I’m sorry for letting my anger and worry get the best of me.”
“Well, to be fair, we weren’t going to tell anybody,” Jo replies, looking at Benny for some guidance. He nods his head and Jo turns her attention back to Dean. “It started as just sex really, we were both drunk and well it just sorta happened. And then it happened again, and again, except sober. Eventually we realized we felt something for the other and decided to give this whole thing a go.”
A genuine smile replaces the smirk on Gabe’s face, “Sure thing Dean-o, just tell me what you need me to do.”
Cas walks up the few steps to the new french doors and turns to them. “Are you ready to see our new home?”
“Is that the only reason? From the little bits I’ve heard it sounds like you have a great relationship with your brother, wouldn’t you want to spend the holidays with him?”
Castiel looks at him and just blinks. Dean panics, thinking he might have made a mistake in asking. Their girls might be best friends but... Dean and Castiel? Practically strangers. Dean knows nothing about him and in turn Castiel knows nothing about Dean. If Dean was in Castiel’s position with an almost complete stranger offering to watch his kid Dean would probably be staring at them in confusion too. Castiel has his head tilted slightly to the side and his eyes narrowed. The look is actually kind of unnerving, causing Dean to blush and look away.
“Um we are the Winchesters and the Novaks,” he supplies as an answer. The two men frown slightly, observing them through narrowed eyes and sharing a look with each other. Dean watches them, suspicion rising as more time goes by.
“Dean?” the blonde asks from her seat on the stool by the counter. Dean walks over to her and pulls her to his chest.
“Are we okay?” Cas has the audacity to ask and Dean can’t hold back the huff of disbelief even if he tried.
“Not by choice, dear.” Carol continues. “Developers have been after this place for years, but since this place is considered a historical landmark they haven't been able to touch it.”
Dean still can’t believe he is actually on this trip. When Cas had invited him and Emma to join him and Claire, Dean was incredibly confused why he wasn’t going with his wife, Amelia. Cas explained that Amelia’s parents are actually the one who paid for the lodging and plane tickets for Cas. There were four tickets available. Two for Cas and Claire and then the other two for Dean and Emma. Cas’ in-laws told Cas that he needs a break, which Dean fully agrees with, and to go enjoy a vacation with his daughter and their best friends.
The guy turns back to look at Dean with that same confused head tilt; he looks like a freaking angry bird when he adds the squint too.
“You’re really not that complicated,” Castiel replies with one of those ‘all-knowing’ looks the guy has mastered.
Cas chuckles at her enthusiasm. “You girls have been masters of the alphabet for a while now, so this should be easy for you. We will start with the letter A and we have to see if we can find something outside that starts with that letter and then we will move on to the letter B. Understand?”
Dean stands on the bow watching the island come into view. The trip was pretty quick once they actually left from Florida. Benny had to go down to Louisiana then get the boat to Florida to pick up the rest of them. Dean is just grateful they didn't have to take another plane. Those things are flying death traps made of metal and he wants absolutely nothing to do with them ever again. The girls are loving the boat ride down to the island, they even saw a pod of dolphins swim by which Emma managed to catch a video of.
“You got it,” Dean gets up and heads to the coffee station. He adds the two sugars as requested and stirs until it dissolves. Careful not to spill any of the liquid gold, Dean makes his way back to the table where Cas appears to be waking up a little bit more.
When the sun starts to set they pack up and head back to the boat. Everyone is exhausted from their day of fun in the sun and it shows when the majority of them pass out on the boat ride back to the hotel. Dean and Benny make a simple dinner for everyone and they eat on the pool deck, watching the sun set over the horizon. Sam and Jess retire early with Mary to one of the other completed villas with the promise of a full tour the next day. Charlie and Jo head back to Jesse and Cesar's place not long after. With the party over, Benny hops back in his boat for the night and the rest head back to their villa.
“Hey Cas!” Dean calls. Cas stops in the doorway and turns to look back at him. Suddenly Dean’s throat runs dry and the words aren’t coming out when he opens his mouth.
“Um, I have Cole, Ash, Jo, and Victor all coming and I think you said Meg was coming next week or the week after?”
“Way ahead of you big guy. We have all of the available villas booked the first two weeks and a majority of the hotel block too,” she explains, pulling out her tablet and showing Dean all of the people who want to stay at the hotel that's not even complete yet.
The first group is set up with Gabriel, who somehow has a different lollipop now. Gabe has helped out with these tours enough times that he knows the drill with Dean and his classes. The shorter man takes his group and heads off to the big cat exhibits to start. The second group starts to gather around Charlie, the bouncy redhead just as excited as all of the kids. They’re about to head out when Dean stops them.
Suddenly the two girls burst out in laughter, confusing Dean and Cas. Dean looks at his friend, hoping for some clarification on why their daughters are laughing, but Cas is standing there with his head tilted slightly to the side and his eyes narrowed. Looks like they are both completely in the dark with the cause of the unexpected laughter.
“Ah yes! I seem to be missing my lucky tie and am hoping it’s here! I need it for the big family and friends Christmas dinner this year,” Ketch explains, clapping his hands together.
“Hell if I know, he has always called us that though and we just go with it. Come one let's go get some food, I’m starving.” Dean says and gently leads Castiel down the hall with his hand still on his back.
“Good morning gentlemen,” he greets. “I have some bad news for you fellas. The storm moved South and is hitting Colorado quite hard right now so they aren’t allowing in flights anytime soon. It sounds like you two are snowed in and may be stuck here for some time longer. On the bright side, all this fresh snow is perfect for a sleigh ride!”
“Please tell me you’re not just sitting here reading about this place when you could be out there experiencing it?” Dean finally says walking into the cozy sitting room Castiel has been in for the last few hours.
Castiel’s nose is scrunched up along with the corners of his eyes and he has the biggest smile Dean has ever seen on him before. He’s beautiful. There's not a single fiber in his body strong enough to stay mad at him. All of the anger, which there wasn’t much to begin with since it was Dean’s fault in the first place, leaves him. A smile replaces his scowl and then Castiel is giggling. Full on giggling! It's the cutest thing Dean has ever heard and he thinks it's really unfair how Cas can be so beautiful and adorable all at the same time. The two men finish baking the rest of the cookies trading secret smiles and quiet laughs. When all the cookies are made they find themselves sitting on one of the comfortable couches watching the snow fall gently from the sky outside the window.
“Sure thing brotha,” Benny replies with a small wave. The Louisiana native is Dean’s right hand man and best friend (not including Cas). They started working together over a decade ago while Bobby still owned the company. When Dean got the promotion to boss he also promoted Benny to the head contractor. The guy works hard and knows his stuff. Together they’ve made the company even more successful than it already was and have never had too many complaints from their clients. Except the engineers of course, but everyone has problems with them. The ongoing feud between contractors, engineers, and architects always makes Dean laugh. They all need each other in order to get the job done, but you will never meet a group of people that argue more than them. They get the job done though and that's all that matters.
“I’m glad you’re both here, I have a question for you two regarding the inn.” Castiel starts and makes sure they are both paying attention. “There's this certificate that was given to the inn back in the 1920’s and everything i have read says it was lost somewhere in the inn a while back. Do either of you have any idea where I might be able to find it? That certificate really would be the key to my article and to saving the inn!”
When Dean is done massaging he expects Cas to turn back around and look out at the water, but instead he leans back the rest of the way until his back is resting against Dean's chest. Dean freezes, not sure what to do. Sure they cuddle at night and in the morning, but that is always done unconsciously. Plus that is in the privacy of their own villa, not in front of their friends and family. Don't get him wrong, it feels amazing to have Cas pressed against him, but it is also sending Dean’s heart on a roller coaster. He knows from experience that when they reach the top, it'll send him back down screaming. Wouldn’t be the first time and Dean recovered from that, so he allows himself to relax and enjoy the time he gets to be close with Cas.
When Claire’s sobs finally settle down to mere sniffles she pulls away and reaches for a napkin. When she goes to rub away the smeared makeup, Dean takes a moment to blink away his own tears.
Several minutes later the group finds themselves at the big cat habitats. They’ve seen the cheetahs and tigers so far. The kids loved the tiger habitat since one of the cats kept playing with his ball and throwing it into the small pond. Castiel leads them to the lion exhibit next and Dean sees his opportunity. A very large male lion is walking up a pile of rocks. The lion must know how cool he looks because he is totally swaying his hips more than necessary.
The girls get bored pretty quickly and head back to the beach to either lay in the sand or swim in the ocean. Dean and Cas trust them both to be on the look out for sharks and sneaker waves so Dean isn’t too concerned. Instead he follows Cas as he slowly walks the entire property, taking in every inch of the place. He has no idea what Cas is looking for but he is content to just follow the man around for the time being. There are also plenty of trees offering some much welcomed shade.
The thought of Castiel sends a pang through Dean's heart. Cas made his choice and went back to New York with his ex. Dean is just going to have to accept that. He stayed up until three AM finishing up the article for them after finding the certificate. If he put that last line in there in hopes of possibly changing Cas’ mind well no one needs to know but him. For now, he is happy enough to spend Christmas with his family for the first time in over a decade.
As if Dean didn’t need another thing to distract him and cease all brain functions. “Are you alright Dean?”
“Um yeah, have you looked in a mirror lately? Or like ever?” Dean asks deflecting from the fact that Cas also finds him attractive.
“Seriously?” Jo asks, her eyes wide in shock. Dean nods again causing Jo to curse. “God I hate that demon!”
, to feel more. He moves his hand to the back of Cas’ head to hold him close and run his fingers through the soft strands. Cas moans into his mouth sending sparks through Dean's entire body. Pulling back just slightly, so they can catch their breath, green eyes lock on blue and twin grins spread their way across their faces. The next time their lips meet they’re smiling too much but it is still perfect all at the same time. Deans not sure how long they stand there trading soft kisses back and forth and he really doesn't care.
“Loud!” she frowns, covering her ears with her hands. Dean laughs and sets her down so that she can hug Emma next. He watches fondly as the two cousins embrace and start talking about boats.
“Yeah yeah I know all about your big ol’ crush on my dad,” Claire replies easily with a smirk paired with a wink.
“What’s going to happen when Benny stays here to run the restaurant?” Dean asks, his brows pull together in question.
Growing up without active parents in their lives is one of the things that the two men bonded over. It shocked Dean that he was even willing to open up about his own past, but Cas makes it easy and natural. He told Castiel all about how his mom died when he was only four and how it absolutely destroyed his dad. With his dad drunk almost all of the time it was up to Dean to raise Sammy, his little brother. As time went on, and Dean got older, their dad would leave them for long periods of time to fend for themselves and Dean would do everything in his power to make sure Sammy always had food and anything else he could possibly need. When Dean was about sixteen John finally allowed them to settle in one town and promised they would stay there long enough for Sam to graduate. That really just meant Dean and Sam would stay there while John still left them.
With those last words, Gabe walks away and leaves Dean standing alone. That is until he remembers he has a class he needs to attend to. Turning around he finds his class loading the bus with the help of the parent volunteers. He hurries over and with one final headcount they head off, back to the school.
. “Um yeah, sorry I’m a nickname kind of guy. If you don't like it, that's totally fine! I have no problem with Castiel! It's actually a really awesome name and…” Dean trails off once he realizes he's rambling. He can feel heat rising to his cheeks.
Instead of commenting on Dean's abrupt mood change, Castiel continues mixing the dough as Dean struggles to get himself together. They continue in a semi comfortable silence working together until it’s time to roll out the dough and cut them into fun shapes. Cas managed to find a candy cane, reindeer, and Christmas tree cutout for them to use. Dean lets Castiel do most of the work while he preheats the oven and gets the cooking sheets ready. Twenty minutes later Cas pulls the first batch out of the oven and sets it on the counter to cool.
“Is this the family you’ve been telling me so much about?” Missouri asks, walking out through the door opening.
“Ketch what are you doing here? I thought you were supposed to be in New York,” Cas says when he finally finds his voice again.
“Ready to go?” Ketch asks when Castiel steps out of the bathroom. He nods his head in response quickly packing the rest of these things into his suitcase. “Really Castiel? Why are you wearing those dumb glasses?”
“I don’t know, run the bar maybe? I know how to do that pretty well and I wouldn’t mind being out at the poolside bar either,” she smiles at the thought and the two men smile with her.
Alright those were the two introduction chapters basically and the story picks up in the next one! I'll have the next chapter up for all of you in a few days! Thanks for reading!
“I would love to,” Cas says with a bright smile. Dean returns the smile and relaxes immediately. This is just Cas. He can do this. Dean offers his arm and Cas happily accepts with a light laugh that makes Dean feel like he's floating on air. Together they walk into what has transformed into a beautiful ballroom with a live band playing in the corner. They join the other couples dancing around the room and Dean leads them into a simple waltz. He pulls Cas close wanting to feel the other man and Cas goes willingly bringing his hand to Dean's shoulder. Dean wraps an arm around Cas’ waist resting his hand on the small of his back while their other hands are clasped together.
It’s a beautiful room. The floors are covered in a light shade carpet with dark hardwood furniture and a king-sized bed taking up the majority of the space. The walls are painted a calming blue-gray that matches well with everything. There are Christmas decorations throughout the room and, of course, another tree is in the corner strung up with lights. Castiel hears Dean behind him and the panic starts to set in. How is he supposed to share a room with Dean Winchester? Before either men can say anything, Mr. Winters appears in the doorway with a small roll-away mattress that doesn’t look comfortable at all.
Cas comes back into the main room, turning the lights off and quickly sliding under the covers. He then plasters himself to Dean's side with his arm thrown over Dean's waist and his head resting on Dean's chest. Shocked, Dean stops breathing, not sure what he’s supposed to do. Cas snuggles closer though so Dean wraps his arm around Cas’ shoulders, bringing him close and pressing a soft kiss to the top of his head. He has no idea what brought on the sudden cuddle session but he’s definitely not complaining. If Cas needs a little comfort then who is Dean to deny him that?
Without wasting another moment Dean pulls out his laptop and sits down at the small desk in the room. He checks his email and is shocked to see one from Cas with his unfinished article. Dean quickly scans through the doc and finds all of the research and facts he needs to complete his goal. There's a lot of work in front of him and not much time so Dean puts his head down and starts writing.
A phone ringing breaks the quiet around Castiel and the glare Ketch sends him tells him it’s his phone going off. He searches through his pockets until he finally finds it. His stomach drops when he sees who’s calling. Accepting his fate Castiel answers the call and holds the phone up to his ear.
Morning comes early, Dean waking up minutes before the sun is supposed to rise. He tries his best to be silent, as to not wake the others, but there is only so much one can do while stuck in a cramped tent with three others. Luckily Emma is a deep sleeper and there could be fireworks going off right outside the tent and she still wouldn’t wake up. Cas on the other hand is not too heavy of a sleeper since he pops his head up as Dean makes his way to the tent flap. Dean freezes when he is caught and takes in the sight of his friend. Which is a huge mistake.
“Thank you Dean,” Cas has the audacity to say as if he even put in any effort in enjoying the masterpiece Dean gave him.
“She wants to move a wall in the hotel rooms to allow more room for a bigger shower,” Dean explains.
Cesar shows them to their guest house complete with their own golf cart and tells them to settle in and let them know if they need anything at all. Cas thanks him while Dean leads the way into the large cabin. He finds a nice sized kitchen with an open dining room attached and a large living area complete with leather couches and a flat screen on the wall. Down the hall he sees three doors, assuming those lead to the bedrooms and bathroom. It doesn’t take long for them to settle in, Dean and Emma in one room while Cas and Claire share the other.
“Night Cas,” he mumbles, rolling onto his back to stare up at the ceiling. Sleep comes soon after that, sending Dean into a universe where Cas loves him back and they are in a happy relationship. They do everything they do now, but there are chaste kisses sprinkled in throughout the day, they slow dance in the living room while listening to Dean’s records, they cook meals together with Dean showing Cas how to do things, they cuddle in bed every night and every morning. Dean would give nearly anything to have and share those moments with Cas by his side.
“That sounds wonderful Dean, I’ll see you tonight,” Cas says softly, causing something to stir in Dean’s belly.
The next wave of students come shuffling in a few minutes later greeting their teacher in various levels of enthusiasm. It’s the end of the day, so Cas understands.
Claire and Emma have so far been enjoying life on the island and seem happy enough. They’re only a week into this whole journey so he's really hoping they continue being happy here. School starts in about a month which will take up most of their time but by then they will hopefully have settled more firmly into island life. They both are incredibly smart girls and have never had a problem with school work before so Dean is pretty convinced there will be little, if any, issues.
“No one has ever complimented me like that before,” Cas says looking away and it breaks Dean’s heart. How dare people not appreciate how beautiful of a person Castiel is? Inside and out.
“Just for you sugar,” he winks, causing her to laugh and Sam to roll his eyes. A worker catches Dean's eye and motions him over to sign for the shipment of stuff that came on the boat along with his family. With everything squared away and loaded up, Dean walks back over to his family. “Alright, you guys ready to go? The crew will be waiting for us by the time we get there.”
“Gabe mentioned that you guys would be here tonight and if I wanted a second chance with you, I should show up. If that makes you uncomfortable though we can leave and pretend this never happened. Really it’s not a big deal,” Dean is already pushing himself out of the booth not making eye contact with the man. A hand on his shoulder stops him and he turns to see Sam gesturing across the table. Dean looks up and sees a small smile on Cas’ face.
Shortly after the tour comes to a close with both groups meeting back at the front gate. Dean checks in with the parent volunteers to make sure everything went smoothly in their group. Once he gets confirmation that the kids were well behaved, filled out their sheet, and enjoyed the gummy bears, Dean looks around for the two zookeepers to say his thanks. He finds them a few feet away with Cas telling Gabe something and neither looking very happy about it. Gabe glances up in Dean’s direction with a scowl on his face causing Dean’s stomach to drop instantly. Is Cas complaining about Dean’s puns? Did Dean do something wrong? Stepped in when he should have just let the zookeeper do his job? A million thoughts rush through Dean’s mind and he comes to the conclusion that they will never be welcomed back to the zoo. Swallowing his pride Dean makes his way over to the two zookeepers to apologize and beg for another opportunity next year.
“Arrangements made by whom?” Cas steps in finally. He shakes both Cesar’s and Jesse’s hands when offered.
“Cas…” Dean starts, but his words fail him and the realization of what Cas is saying. Cas has feelings for him. Cas returns Dean’s feelings.
“Ah, good, Castiel you’re here!” Ketch says with a big smile on his face. He walks into the apartment without waiting for an invitation and Castiel stands there watching him confused. When Ketch notices Castiel’s bags he asks, “Going somewhere?”
A home with Cas is all Dean dreams about even if he knows it’s not possible. Dean takes in the tropical island and already feels himself relaxing at the thought of finding a quiet place in the sun to just sit for once. He can picture himself with Cas by his side and the girls playing in the ocean. The thought brings a small smile to his lips.
“Thank you for coming with me. I wouldn’t have been able to get this far without you here,” Dean says and Castiel can feel the honesty in those words. He knows this is important to Dean so he will do his absolute best to make sure this goes well for him. They both take a deep breath before Dean looks at him with determination set in his face. “Ready?”
She doesn’t say it as a question and Dean can hear hints of pity trickling into her tone. He used to get mad when he would hear things like that, but now they just make him feel more defeated than anything. “No, and I’m not planning on it either.”
“That won’t be necessary Dean, but thank you. I’ll see you in a few hours,” Cas says, reaching out a hand to Dean’s shoulder with a quick squeeze before turning and walking to his own truck. Dean watches him go to make sure he gets there safely (The roads are icy! He doesn’t want the guy to slip!) before getting into his truck with the girls.
Cas rolls his eyes, but does as he’s told. On their way they pass Charlie’s group and Dean stops her for a second to whisper something in her ear. The redhead smiles and is almost bouncing on her toes in excitement. Castiel wonders what the teacher told her but then he sees Dean hand her a small bundle of something and it hits him. They’re gummy bears. Dean is making sure all of the kids get some and not just the ones in his group. Knowing Gabriel he always has a stash of sweets with him so there is no doubt his group will also get something. As the two groups start moving again Dean makes sure each kid gets a high five and a smile as they pass him.
“A month ago?” Emma looks at Claire for confirmation before looking back at Dean and continuing. “We figured you both have enough on your plates figuring out all of the actual hotel renovation stuff that we could take care of this. Claire talked to one of the counselors at the school and he was able to help set this all up for us. Honestly the last thing we need is your signatures and then we’re good to go!”
Cas tells him how hard it was to study all of the different subjects without a formal education, but after a year he was able to take the test and passed! With his connections at the firm his friend worked at he was able to get a starting job and get to work. Cas found it more fulfilling doing that side of the project than he ever did while being an architect. He tells Dean that in a year he can take the next exam to officially become a professional engineer.
“That's ridiculous! How would he have known?” Claire exclaims, finally pulling away from Dean slightly.
This is what Dean has always wanted. Someone to sit next to him in silence, enjoying their surroundings before spending the day on the lake with their family and having a blast. If this is all Dean gets to have with Cas, he is going to enjoy every damn second of it and take nothing for granted.
Dinner passes with laughter and nonstop talking between all of them. Claire is more active than Dean has ever seen her and it makes him happy seeing her smile. Cas smiles too and Dean doesn’t think he has ever seen a more beautiful smile, besides Emma’s of course. Dean constantly has to keep reminding himself that Cas is not available, hell he doesn’t even know if Cas is into guys at all. Maybe he should mention that he's bi in case it makes Cas uncomfortable and he doesn’t want Claire hanging around anymore. Dean doesn’t think Cas would be that type of guy though. It's probably best to leave things how they are now. Emma is happy, Claire is happy, Cas is happy, and Dean is happy. There is no need to change that.
An hour later his classroom is once again empty of students. With everyone else gone, Cas is left at his desk organizing his things. A knock at his door startles him and he looks up to see his long time friend from college, Meg. They met their freshman year of college -- well, Cas’ freshman year of majoring in education. He did spend three years pursuing a degree in economics before switching over to education. At first he was a little self conscious of being one of the oldest in his classes, but then he found others like him. Meg took two gap years after graduating highschool, one to travel and one to work, before starting college. The woman basically adopted Cas as the only person she will actually talk and be somewhat nice to, a couple weeks into the term. Cas went along with it because there really was no one else, and somehow the two ended up working really well together. They became best friends by the time they started their second term. By some miracle they both somehow ended up getting a job at the same high school after they graduated.
Ketch smiles wide and heads off to the bedroom in search of his precious tie. Castiel stands by the still-open door, rubbing his forehead in frustration. He can feel a headache already forming and he hasn’t even left his apartment yet. It’s going to be a very long day. Attempting to distract himself, Castiel takes in the apartment around him. The two of them used to live there together. During that time the apartment was very bland and impersonal. Ketch didn’t like any personal touches or family pictures or anything of that kind. They kept the generic furniture and artwork that came with the place.
Dean takes in the young woman in front of him and then the rest of their surroundings. He can’t see the family that was in front of them anymore, but he can see a group closing in on them from behind. Making a decision he picks up both their clubs and balls before wrapping an arm around her shoulders and leading the way to the exit.
“Castiel? How are you?” Castiel squints at her confused. “I know this time of the year is tough for you.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas’ voice is rougher than normal and shocks Dean enough to turn to the man a few steps behind him. Cas won’t meet his eyes which is concerning, but he spoke first and Dean can work with that.
Dean wakes up to something tickling his nose. He blinks his eyes open, glaring at the bright sunlight filtering in through the curtains. Looking down he sees a mess of dark hair laying on his chest, the sight makes him smile and he leans in a little bit more to nuzzle against the soft strands. The scent of honey and vanilla that he has come to enjoy so much the last few days makes him hum in contentment. Waking up to the real thing instead of a pillow like the morning before is so much better.
The hours go by and eventually it is time for them to head back to the inn. Dean promised Cas that they would get back early enough for Castiel to do some more research. After spending time with Dean’s family though Castiel really doesn’t want to leave. They say their goodbyes with hugs all around and then the two men climb back into Rudolph to head back.
“Missouri,” Dean’s not sure what he's supposed to say. He wants to work out the problems with Cas but he just doesn't know what the end product will be and that scares the hell out of him.
During their phone call they informed her that they can’t make it to Aspen due to a blizzard and are stuck in Indiana. When Castiel informed her that they were in fact in
Did he ever enjoy sleeping with Ketch? He can’t even remember what their relationship was like even though it has only been a month since the break-up. They were together for two years. You would think Castiel would have some kind of happy memory with the man he thought he loved. Now the only happy memories he can think of are from the past week alone. All the times he had a quiet moment with Dean. Or a moment where Dean was laughing at something Cas said. Those are the memories that bring a smile to Cas’ face. Eventually, Cas is able to drift into a restless sleep with thoughts of Dean circulating through his mind.
“Thanks brotha,” Benny’s voice drags him out of his downward smile and Dean offers a small smile in response before staring at his friend seriously.
Benny looks away and even Jo looks a bit guilty. Dean narrows his eyes, flicking them back and forth between the two before finally Benny mumbles something under his breath. It's too quiet for Dean to hear so he raises an eyebrow in question and crosses his arms over his chest.
“Alright as you should know we are in the middle of December now. The peak of our holiday season,” Roman states. Castiel rolls his eyes inwardly (he wouldn’t dare to actually roll them in front of his boss). Roman has absolutely no idea what the peak of the holiday season is or anything that has to do with the magazine beyond the profits. He doesn’t care about anything except the money coming in. It drives Castiel crazy sometimes with how little his boss cares about their work; he’s not even sure Roman knows his name. The only names he knows are Charlie, his assistant, and…
“No sir, it was a litter of kittens this time,” Dean answers with a cheeky grin. Castiel just rolls his eyes again.
“Shut up, Dean! There are rocks down there,” Sam protests, sending him his signature bitch face. Dean just smiles in response and watches as his brother struggles some more. Finally Jess steps up and pushes her husband into the water. Everyone left on the outcropping bursts out laughing as Sam lets out an indignant squawk.
“I’m sure she's fine, sweet girl. It’s Claire, she's a badass and knows how to take care of herself.” Even with his own words Dean’s not entirely convinced Claire is alright.
“You are such a hippo-crite sometimes Cas,” Dean says with a teasing tone and a quick wink that leaves Cas blushing softly. They watch the kids enjoying their last few minutes before they go to meet up with the rest of the class at the front of the zoo. Cas sends Gabriel and Charlie back in to finish their day. Gabe shoots him a wink and Charlie smiles at him before heading off. He walks with Dean and the class back to the bus and gives each kid a high five as they load up. After all the kids are safely on the bus, Dean turns back to Cas with a soft smile on his face. The zoo keeper steps a little bit closer to the attractive man and reaches up to fix his collar.
Once she’s gone Cas lets out a sigh. He and Meg made a tradition of going to karaoke nights since their second year in college along with their friend Gabriel, another older student they found in their first year. They discovered a local bar that would host a karaoke night every other week about a mile from their college and made it a point to go to all the ones they could. It became their favorite pastime to either relieve stress from a hard week or reward themselves for passing an exam. Gabe ended up moving to New York for a teaching position, but they all kept in contact.
Sam had even asked if they were together at one point. He pointed out he has never seen Dean so happy before and the little touches that Dean didn’t even realize he was doing showed Sam how comfortable they were around each other. It got Dean thinking more and more about the interactions they have shared the last few days and Dean had to agree with Sam. The more he thought about it the more it made sense when Sam asked him if he liked Cas and without hesitation Dean said yes.
There is a gentle squeeze to his arm and he looks over to meet Cas’ eyes. The swirls of blue calm him slightly and he is able to take a deep breath to settle himself more.
An hour later the dishes are done and the Novaks have gone home. Dean curls up on the couch with Emma as they watch some cartoons on the TV. Scooby Doo is on and Dean is so grateful for his daughter's good taste in shows. She is already obsessed with the new Frozen movie that is supposed to come out later in the year so Dean’s not quite sure how that is going to go. He’s already pretty tired of the short song they have for the preview. Questionable taste in movies aside, Dean is perfectly content to sit on the couch for a couple hours with his daughter curled up along his side.
“I just gave you the best coffee this world has to offer and you just chugged it! Without appreciating any of it!” Dean exclaims, his voice a little louder than it needs to be.
“After you were born your mom developed postpartum depression. When Castiel noticed he asked the doctors about it and they assured him that it is completely normal for first time mothers and should only last about two weeks. Well two weeks went by and nothing changed. Then two months. No one knew what to do.
“Ketch?” Cas asks, completely confused on why his ex is in the middle of nowhere Indiana instead of New York. He instinctively takes a step away from Dean and regrets it immediately. He misses the comfort just being in Dean’s arms offered. “What are you doing here?”
Castiel wakes up with a heavy weight slung across his waist and a warm body pressed against his back. Without thinking he arches back and savors the warmth for a moment longer. He’s missed this. The intimacies of sharing a bed with another and curling around each other. Except there should be no reason why he has this right now considering he is stranded at a little Christmas inn in some little town in the middle of Indiana and is single.
“This may not be a luxury resort in Aspen, but the Winters inn is the place to be if you need to be somewhere, you’ll see.” Carol says with a wink. “You’re lucky you’re here for our last year too.”
Everything is ready. The kids are on the bus. Dean has all of the mini clipboards and worksheets for the kids to do while they’re at the zoo. It’s just a list of the animals they will be seeing and a space to write a fun fact they learned about the animal. They just need to get at least five to earn all of their participation points for the day. Dean did a lot of research on the zoo to prepare for the day and now he can’t wait until they’re there.
Claire finds divorce papers for her parents and runs away (to Dean). Dean takes her out for mini golf (yes this is the scene from the show...) and food. Eventually Claire opens up about why she ran away and how she is worried her dad is going to leave her. Dean explains the situation about how Claire's mother developed postpartum depression and depression after Claire was born which led to a drug addiction problem. Amelia's parents were the ones to encourage Cas for the divorce and to give them the responsibility of her care (rehab center). Claire is still welcome to visit her mother whenever she wants and Dean explains how Cas still loves Amelia, but is no longer in love with her (hint hint, he loves Dean). Anyways! That about it!
Dean finds Cas standing outside the villa, looking at it with a questioning look. “Whatcha thinking so hard about there, buddy?”
“I believe her name was Abigail,” Jesse replies. Amelia’s mother then. Makes sense since she was the one that booked their entire vacation for them. “She told us when the four of you would arrive and we thought we would greet you here, take you to get some food and show you around a little bit.”
“Dean I don't know how to ice skate,” Castiel protests, really not wanting to go on a sheet of ice just to fall on his ass.
Castiel’s mood improves after he gives his fun facts about the lions and smiles at the kids when they ask questions. Dean tries really hard not to get jealous. Cas has an adorable grin on his face when he focuses on the kids and it melts Dean’s heart a little. Men who are good with kids are instantly twelve times more attractive. As quickly as the thought flashed through his mind, Dean shoos it away with a growl. The blue-eyed zookeeper is not adorable, or the most handsome man Dean has ever seen, or the perfect guy for him. Dean plays the words on a loop in his mind trying to convince himself. It doesn’t work.
“Well, what do you all think?” Cas asks once they all reconvene in the master bedroom. Dean settles into one of the comfortable white chairs and practically melts into it.
Day by day. Dean reminds himself constantly. Every time he thinks of Cas or someone mentions him. He ignores the shard of his heart that falls each time and focuses on the task at hand. Day by day. How is he supposed to go day by day if he can’t even make it through one? Hour by hour then. So hour by hour Dean throws himself into work and luckily, probably thanks to Jo and Benny, no one bothers him. Until
“I bought a run down hotel on an island in the Bahamas,” Cas answers simply, as if that is a totally normal thing to say. The way he keeps shifting his feet and glancing away from Dean tells him this is anything but simple.
“Damnit, breathe Cas!” Dean shouts, getting a stronger grip on his friend. “Look at me. You need to calm down. You panicking is not going to help us find her so you need to calm down.”
Cas’ heart warms a bit at those words. It’s true, he really does love bees. He allows a small smile to play on his lips as he turns his attention back to the kids. They make their way to the next exhibit of American black bears. Surprisingly, Dean is quiet the whole time and only gives his attention to a little blonde girl when she asks him a question. It’s when they move on to the panda habitat ten minutes later that Dean gets that look in his eye again. Cas mentally prepares himself, having an idea of what is about to happen.
Not wanting to waste any time, Cas jumps right into the English lesson of the day. The reason he loves poetry so much is because it reminds him of music. Everyone can find something they relate to. There are so many different interpretations of poems; no one really reads one the same way as someone else. One student can take the literal meaning of the words written and find they relate to the story. Another student sitting just one seat over can look between the lines and find their own special meaning. Both are completely valid and encouraged as long as the students find a way to connect. Castiel loves the conversations and debates his students can get into while discussing the poems they read.
With a heavy sigh Dean starts to inch his way out from underneath Cas, trying his best to not wake the other man. After what seems like an hour, but was only probably a few minutes, Dean succeeds and makes his way to the bathroom to get ready for the day. When he comes back out Cas is still asleep with his face smushed into the pillow Dean was using. The sight is adorable and Dean can’t help but take a picture. He knows it's a little weird and really creepy but damn he wants to remember this for a really long time. If all goes according to his plan then maybe he could have this more often too.
“Water!” he exclaims and laughs as three heads snap forward to look at the lake. “Em, we made it sweetie.”
“Emergency landing. It doesn't mean anything is wrong with the plane, it just means they are being forced to land somewhere they weren’t intending to,” Castiel explains in a patient voice.
Dean glances to his right and finds Cas staring out the window just like his daughter. The sight brings a smile to his face. After their first meeting, Dean never expected this is where they would end up. Emma and Claire have spent basically every waking moment together. Last school year Dean ended up taking both girls home with him after school almost every day. Cas’ schedule just got more and more busy as time went on. Plus some other personal stuff going on that Dean only knows a tiny bit about. All he knows is that it involves Claire’s mom. Dean has been wanting to ask for more, but never felt like he could. If Castiel wanted to tell him then he would.
Dean turns and his breath leaves him quicker than he thought possible. Cas always comes to work in a suit without fail, but this feels like so much more for some reason. Castiel stands in the doorway pulling on the sleeves nervously as he looks around the room. When he catches sight of Dean his face brightens with a smile that just about brings Dean to his knees right then and there. The suit Cas is wearing looks similar to Deans except instead of blues it is in shades of gray and blak. Castiel went with a crisp white button-down and a deep red tie that pulls the whole look together. Before Dean can recover enough to close his mouth and stop gaping at the other man, Cas starts to make his way over.
“Thanks Cas, I appreciate that,” Dean says honestly. His throat tightens, knowing what comes next. The thing that set everything off in the first place. He’s not sure he's ready to address the issues but Cas doesn’t give him time to prolong it any further.
With a nod from Cas, they climb out of the car and make their way up the snowy walkway. Dean rings the doorbell and they wait patiently for the door to open. Castiel can see Dean is still nervous by the way he shifts his weight and clenches his hands into fists. He places his hand lightly in the small of his back hoping to offer some comfort and is glad when Dean shoots him a grateful smile. Just then the door opens and a giant of a man stands in the open doorway looking at them confused.
Castiel smiles at him before grabbing his suitcase and walking right out of the airport ignoring the protests and questions yelled his way. He has somewhere more important to be.
“Daddy, are we there yet?” Emma asks for the twelfth time in the last half hour alone. Dean’s grip tightens on the steering wheel of the Impala until his knuckles turn white. He is so close to snapping and just turning the damn car around. Suddenly a cool hand covers one of his own and shocks him out of his downward spiral. Dean lets out a soft gasp and turns his head to look at the man next to him.
At that very moment the door to the bedroom slides open and in the doorway stands Jo in one of Benny’s shirts. Dean stares at her confused, not quite understanding what's going on yet. She smiles and wiggles her fingers at him in a small little wave that appears a lot more innocent than it really is.
Dean pulls her closer and wraps his arms around her shoulders, holding her tight. He feels her arms wrap around his waist as if he too will abandon her. Deep sobs escape the young girl and he feels them echo in his whole body. The urge to break down right beside her is strong, but he knows he needs to be stronger for Claire. He needs to find a way to convince her that Castiel would never, ever leave her.
Dean chuckles, “She wanted a piece of my chocolate bar! And trust me it takes a lot of charm for me to be willing to share my chocolate with someone.”
“Hey Claire, how's it goin?” he asks when he gets close enough. When she looks up and he sees the pain, hurt and anger in her eyes, his hackles go up immediately. Who hurt her so badly that she can’t hide her emotions away like she normally does? And how dare they hurt her! She may not be his daughter, but he loves her as if she was. His first instinct is to pull her into a tight hug and probably never let go, but after years of knowing her he knows that will only make things worse. Dean just has to go with it and offer his support until she's ready to open up. Claire still hasn’t said or done anything other than stare at him, so he makes his decision and turns to search for Benny.
. Of course, Sam knows his weak spots. With a heavy sigh Dean grabs his black leather satchel, checking to make sure his laptop is in it first, and his to-go coffee mug before heading for the door.
“Hello Dean.” They stand there sharing shy smiles and getting lost in each other's eyes, or Dean does at least, before the sound of feet slapping against tile breaks the trance they fell into.
“No sweetheart, he’s not mad. Your dad was just worried,” Dean explains, kissing the top of her head again. He cups her cheek and looks her in the eyes, so similar to the blue of Cas’. “I should've sent him a text when you showed up at the site to let him know you were safe.”
“Nope, just sit there and look pretty!” Dean answers before his mind catches up with his words. He pauses for a tense second, waiting for Cas to say something, but when no answer comes, which Dean doesn’t know is better or worse, he risks a glance up at his friend. Castiel is busy draping his coat over one of the dining table chairs and doesn’t seem to notice Dean’s slip.
“Oh really? Can’t say the same about you, how do you two know each other?” Sam asks, looking at his brother suspiciously.
“Cas, now is really not the time,” Dean replies through gritted teeth not even registering the nickname. Thankfully Castiel doesn’t comment further and Dean can suffer through takeoff in a somewhat peaceful manner. Once the plane has leveled out and is flying smoothly through the air, Dean relaxes minutely. He opens his eyes, squinting at the harsh light.
Luckily, when Cas gets to work he is able to get some coffee from the staff room before heading to his office. He sinks down into his semi-comfortable chair, holding the mug to his face in hopes it’ll improve his mood. All too soon the mug is empty and Castiel is left looking at the calendar on his desk. He stares at the boxes blankly for a few seconds, refusing to accept what day it is. You see, Cas is a zoo keeper at the city zoo and he really does love his job! He loves hanging out with the animals, feeding and playing with them, he loves his coworkers (most of the time), and he even loves giving tours to groups of people and interacting with all of the other guests. There is, however, one day each year that he needs time to properly prepare for. Today just so happens to be that day. As if his day needed more things to go wrong. There in a bright red pen, the two words he was not prepared for.
It took him forever to get comfortable on the small mattress, so different from his amazing memory foam mattress he has back at his apartment. The bed creaked everytime he moved causing him to flinch hoping he didn't wake up Cas. Cas. The way the man had looked at the thing when Chris rolled it in told Dean that the man really didn't want to sleep on the old thing, probably as old as the buildings itself, so Dean just took it upon himself to claim the roll away. Honestly it was the least he could do after Cas helped him calm down on the plane. When Cas had come out of the bathroom the night before, Dean pretended to be asleep so that Cas wouldn’t ask if he was okay.
The giant mess they don’t know about yet will be worth it, if only for the moment when those beautiful blue eyes finally flick up and Dean sees them light up with hope and happiness.
Claire stares at him when he pulls away, her mouth opening and closing as she searches for something to say. Dean offers a small smile before turning and walking towards the boat. Somehow he feels even worse now than he did before and he didn't think that was even possible. In his haste to get away he completely misses the devastated look on Claire’s face and the moment when the panic sets in.
“Castiel I’ve been so lost without you and I really want to give us another shot,” Ketch says and Cas can even detect a hint of pleading in his voice that shocks him. The Arthur Ketch he knows never begs or pleads for anything unless he really wants it. “Come home with me.”
“They really made this place beautiful,” Dean whispers in the space between them. Cas takes a moment to look around and take everything in before returning his gaze to Dean’s. There's a sadness in his blue eyes now that wasn’t there before. “Hey, what's wrong?”
The boat glides along the water and slides across the sand until they come to a stop. Dean and Cas hop out to pull the boat up higher on the shore and anchor it to a nearby tree. The girls hop out and they all make their way to the small building Cas saw earlier. Dean spies another similar building not too far away hidden behind some trees and points it out to Cas. The closer they get the more buildings appear until they are standing on what appears to be an old patio. There is an empty pool to their right partially full of dirty murky water and a shed a little beyond that. But it is what is in front of them that has captured Cas’ full attention.
“Novak!” Charlie’s voice carries from around the corner drawing Castiel’s attention. “I need to speak to you.”
“Really Dean? I tell you we are landing in a town literally called Santa Claus and you focus on the Indiana part?” Castiel asks, disbelief clear on his face. Dean chooses to ignore the question and focus back on the seat in front of him. Soon he will be back on solid ground and he can deal with everything else later.
“Em, you gotta try these things,” he mumbles through a mouthful of food, offering the basket to his daughter. He sees Cas roll his eyes at Dean’s table manners and Dean just shoots him a cheeky grin which has Cas rolling his eyes again but with a small fond smile on his lips. Emma takes one of the fritters and tosses it into her mouth. Dean watches her eyes go wide when the flavors hit and she gives him a thumbs up, already reaching for another one.
The next morning finds Dean sitting in one of the rooms downstairs with warm sunlight filtering in through the curtains. He has his amazing breakfast and is working on his second cup of coffee. His laptop sits on his lap as he tries to think of something to write about. A lot caught his interests the day before, but nothing that he feels he could write a compelling article about. So the blank word document sits there with his cursor blinking at him and no words come to mind.
“Um, anyone care to enlighten us to what is so funny?” Dean asks, crossing his arms over his chest and frowning slightly. He tries to go for the stern parent look but that hasn’t worked on Emma since she was four years old. She knows he caves to nearly everything she wants. Luckily she doesn’t take advantage of it and is truly a good kid.
Castiel’s shoulders sink lower in frustration (or defeat, Dean doesn’t know him well enough to be able to tell) at the news. “Is there an after school care program here?”
“I tried to contact Sammy after I left, but I never managed to get a hold of him. So I went back to my apartment alone, since Aaron broke up with me too, and spent my first Christmas entirely alone. Ever since then I haven’t had any desire to celebrate so I avoid it at all costs. Which is why I avoid my family at all costs around this time of year. Each year, without fail, Sam will call and ask me to join them and I turn him down each time. This year I had the perfect excuse of the Aspen piece.”
“They taste even more amazing,” Dean replies once he recovers, with an exaggerated wink and his trademark smirk.
“Any idea why she would take off like this? She hasn’t run away since she found out about the divorce,” Cas speaks quietly from beside Dean, their fingers still tangled together. If Emma notices she hasn't said anything and Dean is secretly relieved by that. They need to deal with one thing at a time. It takes a moment for Cas’ words to register with him but when they do his hand clenches involuntarily, drawing Cas’ attention. “Dean?”
“I don’t celebrate Christmas. I haven’t for a very long time and my brother finds that hard to accept so I have just made it a habit of avoiding my family during this time of year. I’ll see them for the New Year though so it’s not really a huge deal.”
“Well at least you get to keep your job now,” Cas says bitterly. There's a bite to his tone that hits Dean deep even though he knows Cas isn’t mad at him, just the situation.
Emma is still his sweet little princess and always will be, but she grew into a beautiful strong woman that Dean is immensely proud of. She works her butt off in the classroom and out on the field or track. He’s not sure where she got her athletic ability from, but she tried out for the soccer team her freshman year and almost made the varsity team just by her natural talents. After a year of training and joining the track team to stay in shape, Emma made the varsity team the next year, one of only three sophomores to do so. Dean was worried that she would be spending too much time practicing instead of focusing on school and her grades would drop, but Emma proved him wrong and not only kept her good grades but actually started doing better. He thinks part of that is thanks to Claire.
He finds the open bar and downs the first two shots the bartender places in front of him. Dean orders another whiskey for him to sip on as his gaze travels around the room again. It only takes seconds for him to lock onto a pair of men dancing slowly together. The two look like they are deep in conversation and anger rushes through Dean. It leaves him as quickly as it comes through, and he is left feeling empty. He watches the man he loves dance with another and there's nothing he can do about it. Instead of sipping at his whiskey like he was planning Dean downs it in one go and places the empty glass on the bar. He needs out.
With his mind made up Cas packs up his things, grabs his trench coat from the hook behind the door, and walks out of his quiet classroom. He walks out the front doors and is hit with a burst of warm air. It’s early spring now, so it’s starting to get a little too warm for the coat he always wears, but Cas loves the thing too much to not wear it. He will even wear it all the way to summer if he can. Meg will give him a hard time about it, but he knows she is almost as fond of the coat as he is.
“Morning,” Cas grumbles. Dean chuckles but quickly tries to cover it with a cough when Castiel sends him a look like he would smiteh him right then and there if he could.
Dean gently takes Cas’ hand and twines their fingers together, just like they had earlier that day, but this time it means so much more to both of them. Claire is safe. They worked through their problems. And now they stare at the marble hotel sign with one last task to complete.
“I called your office and your boss told me you were here so I had to come surprise you,” Ketch explains with a smirk on his face. His eyes travel up and down Cas’ body with a predatory look which sets Dean on edge instantly. “And who is this?”
The two men watch as the kids finish writing and return their attention back to the polar bears. Eventually, they have to move forward and Cas takes them to see the grizzly bears and then the American black bears. The zookeeper has fun facts about each species for the kids and they all seem interested. Some are starting to get more and more distracted, so Dean knows he’s gotta act soon if he wants to keep them invested in this trip. When Cas leads them to the final bear habitat Dean sees his chance. Of course, Dean lets the zookeeper do his little speech before stepping in.
Arthur comes out of the bathroom in nothing but a towel and Castiel immediately averts his eyes. It feels wrong. Everything feels wrong. Without looking up, Cas gathers his stuff and locks himself into the bathroom. He takes several moments to just breathe. When he finally feels calmed down enough to function properly he turns on the water in the shower and steps into the scalding heat. It feels good on his skin and allows him to relax further. Castiel uses the time he has to think about the last 24 hours. The stress and panic of not finishing his article to the rush of feelings he had while dancing with Dean and the different wave of emotions when Ketch surprised him.
“No I need to do this, thank you though,” Dean shoots him a grateful look. Castiel nods and they sit in silence with soft Christmas music surrounding them for the rest of the drive. When they stop in front of a modest two-story home Castiel turns back to Dean.
Dean slings an arm around Claire’s shoulders as Emma links arms with Cas and they walk together towards their villa. “So Claire, who was your friend back there?”
Dean chooses to ignore the weird feeling and reply to his hopefully new friend. “Awesome, see ya later Cas.”
“Um, this is my little brother Sammy. Sam, this is Gabriel and Castiel,” Dean quickly introduces them to take the attention off of him.
“Uh, it went well for the most part! He missed my stupid animal puns, but that’s not a big deal,” Dean replies with a small shrug.
daughter,” Cas’ words almost cause Dean to flinch. Almost. “I am her father, not you. You don't get a say in how I raise my daughter or any of the decisions regarding her.”
“You two are going on this trip because you both are amazing writers. In fact, you two are the best writers we have here. We really need to get our numbers up and figure out what our audience wants. We do know that they don't want all of the hipster new age stuff anymore. Instead, we think they want stories about love and hope and they need the proof that the Christmas magic still exists! We want to know what they want. You two are so skilled in such different ways we thought it would be a good idea to pair you up for the same assignment. We need to see if the readers want the soft, warm, and historic, or do they want the fast, bold, and straight to the point?” Castiel scoffs at her words, but otherwise keeps quiet. “Which is why we are sending the both of you. Whoever brings in the most reader traffic is our most valuable writer!”
“Yes he is!” she shouts, eyes popping up to lock onto his. He stares into the blue pools and finds anger and hurt crashing into each other in a battle for dominance. It breaks his heart to see her in so much pain.
“Gah! You are so infuriating!” Cas throws his hands up into the air and stomps forward a few steps before whipping around to face Dean again with a finger pointed right at his chest. “You know I resigned myself to being alone for the rest of my life. After the first year or so when I finally accepted that Amelia and I were never going to be the same again, I accepted that. We fell out of love so fast that I don’t even know if we ever were truly in love. I had to stay though. I had to stay for Claire. I didn’t want to disappoint or let down anyone. Not Claire. Not Amelia. Not her parents. And not myself. I felt like a failure Dean. I felt nothing for years. Nothing! Until I met you.”
The group reaches the polar bear habitat a few minutes later. Dean can see two polar bears playing in the water, but the group is too high to see what they are actually doing. Which he finds kind of a bummer, but then Castiel keeps walking and leads the group to a lower viewing area. The kids rush to the glass to get closer to a bear swimming by and they all have huge smiles on their faces. Of course, Dean is right there with them, hands and face pressing against the glass trying to get as close as possible to the giant creatures. A throat clearing behind him brings Dean’s attention back to their tour guide. Who is now staring at him with an amused smile.
The four of them head into the main hotel block, calling out a quick hello to Charlie as they pass the front desk. They find the rest of their crew waiting for them in the dining room. Benny and Jo smile from where they lean against the bar. Cesar and Jesse wave from their table with Missouri. Sam and Jess sit at the table next to them with little Mary spinning in circles, showing off her new flowery dress. The rest of Dean and Cas’ teams sit at the surrounding tables looking at them expectantly. Cas gives Dean’s hand a quick squeeze before letting go and taking a step forward to address the crowd. Emma slides over and wraps an arm around Dean’s waist, as he slings his free arm around her shoulders and pulls her close. The three of them stand together as they wait for Cas.
“Our plane got re-routed due to a big storm and we ended up having to emergency land at an airport a couple hours from here,” Castiel explains. Dean shoots him a grateful smile as he signs what Cas said for Eileen.
“But what if Chris is really…” Cas trails off and Dean can tell this is hard for him to say. “Santa Claus?”
Dean thinks confused. Cas must also be confused because they share a look before Dean nods his head slightly to the unasked question.
“Nah, I'm hanging up my Scrooge hat for the night,” he replies with an easy smile. Cas seems to accept that and they move on.
They reach the inn and Dean immediately goes up the stairs to their room. Thinking Dean probably wants to be alone for a while, Castiel settles back onto the couch he was on earlier. He finds the book he was reading still sitting on the coffee table so he picks it up and continues his research. His thoughts drift back to the green-eyed man just upstairs and how much more complex he is than Castiel originally thought.
Dean looks up in a panic. Bad storm? Emergency landing? He looks up at the ceiling where he believes the oxygen masks are supposed to fall down, but they aren’t falling! Why aren’t they falling? Oh god, he can’t breathe. He needs that oxygen mask. Dean starts hitting the ceiling hoping the damn masks will fall eventually.
“Thank you so much for everything Carol. This inn is amazing and I really hope you find that certificate someday so you can save it. I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to,” Castiel says honestly and he really hopes she can hear it in his voice.
This trip has always been pretty special to Dean and Emma. But it has always just been the two of them. He has always hoped that he would share it with a partner one day too. It would become their family trip, something to look forward to every year. It almost happened once too.
By the time Cas is done, dinner is also done and Dean calls the girls back from the living room so they can eat. Dean plates up two smaller plates for the girls, placing them on the counter, which Cas then takes to the table while Dean does the next plate. He doesn’t even realize that he made Cas’ plate for him until there are two plates with pasta and chicken in front of him. After serving dinner for the girls so often he's just used to making the plates for everyone himself. Cas doesn’t mention it and just takes his plate to join the girls at the table. Dean grabs two fresh beers before making his way to the table too.
Dean is shocked into silence by the fact that Castiel read his articles. “Well what about your article about saving the great barrier reef? That one inspired me to actually do the deep sea diving in hopes that I could see what you wrote about.”
Dean perks up a little bit and tries for an encouraging smile when their eyes meet again. “If anyone can find that certificate it would be you. You're Castiel freaking Novak for crying out loud! I believe in you.”
It was just last month that she asked Dean and Cas if they would allow her to actually run all of the hotel's programs. To permanently move to the island and make sure everything is running smoothly once the hotel opens. Dean was shocked to hear that his friend wanted to stay here, but it made perfect sense once she explained more. There is nothing tying her back to the states and they’re going to need someone to set up and run all of the programs. Charlie is the best at what she does so they hired her right on the spot.
“I think he needs a purple hat,” Dean says when Emma notices him watching them. She smiles broadly before grabbing a purple pencil and drawing a teeny tiny hat on top of the elephant's head. When she is satisfied with her addition she looks back up at Dean, searching for his reaction. “Perfect!”
As if his students can read his mind, one of the girls in a small group leaving the classroom calls out,  “Have fun tonight, Mr. Novak!”
“I’m going to write an article about saving the inn!” Castiel smiles and gets a small smile in return. “Is there any information you have about why they are tearing this place down and what would be needed to stop that process?”
“Me? You’re the one who writes the fun and interesting articles that everyone loves!” Cas argues.They both seem to realize that they’re really arguing over nothing at this point and they end up just smiling dumbly at the other. With the fight out of them they finish the cookies they’re eating and agree it's probably time for them to head back to bed. Laying back down on the roll away is definitely not something Dean is looking forward to, but it will probably be best to get at least a couple more hours of sleep.
“It's perfect?” Dean asks incredulously. “I’m sorry did we not just walk through the same hotel? You know the one that is abandoned and broken and smells like something died in there?”
Cas chuckles at his friend. Ruby and Meg have had a friends with benefits type of situation going on for the last few months or so, but lately they’ve both been really busy. With it being towards the end of the school year Meg has been busier than normal and Ruby has been busy doing whatever it is she does. Cas never got a clear answer on what she actually does for a living and it has gotten to the point where he really really doesn’t want to know.
Castiel isn’t sure how to feel about Dean anymore. He surprised him by giving his chocolate to the sweet young girl on the plane and then they had some kind of moment back on the plane. No, Dean was having a panic attack and Castiel helped him through it. That's all it was. There was no moment. Castiel scowls inwardly. He forces himself to remember they have work to do and they are not friends.
“It's going well I suppose,” Cas replies in his deep rough voice. “Is there a reason you are calling me at work? Is Claire okay?”
Surprising himself, Castiel manages to get up and stay on his skates for a while. Dean is right there to grip on to if Castiel ever feels unsteady and the man never complains. Sometimes Dean will skate backwards or go in circles around Castiel but he never leaves him to go faster. Castiel is very thankful for that. He doesn’t know if he would feel the little sliver of confidence he has on the ice if Dean wasn’t right there to catch him before he fell.
“Alright, well it might be a bit of a tight fit, but the two air mattresses should still be fine!” Dean exclaims a little louder than necessary to cover up his nerves. Luckily Cas doesn’t know any different and doesn't seem to find the situation awkward at all. He just finds the nearest mattress and pump, then makes his way into the tent to start blowing it up. Dean uses that time to set up the rest of the camp. The chairs, firewood, barbeque, and food. When the pump turns off Dean takes the other mattress and passes it through the door to Cas.
He stops in a few stores buying a couple gifts for his family. The girls he already has gifts for but he has to keep the reputation of cool uncle so he buys a few more gifts to spoil them. For Eileen he thinks one of the bags of coffee beans would be good since she needs her coffee as much as Dean does in the morning and he feels like she could keep the secret of this amazing coffee. Sam and Bobby are easy to shop for since they both love books so much. Dean gets his brother a vegan cooking book and for Bobby he finds a cool book about the local lore and legends of the area, which includes the legend Cas first told him about. With the reminder of the possible golden streak through the sky at midnight, Dean sets an alarm on his phone to remind him at 11:59. Just in case.
Dean lays his hand on Castiel’s shoulder, squeezing gently. “Cas, seriously, don’t worry about it. Here, I’ll give you my number so you can text me when you’re ready to pick Claire up and we can work out more details later. Just go take care of what you need to.”
Cas scoffs in response before his expression changes to something more somber. Dean notices the change immediately and can take a guess at what is bothering Cas.
“Hey Missouri! I brought some people I want you to meet!” Dean replies, helping Mary down from the truck.
Castiel relaxes slightly before remembering that Dean is his competition and is just fishing for information.
Charlie and the kids all laugh at the play on words while Dean stands there with a proud yet goofy grin on his face. Castiel on the other hand shakes his head and focuses on his own group. He has eight kids and gets paired up with Dean, because of course he gets the joy and pleasure of spending the entire day with the man. The second group heads out leaving Cas with the full attention of the kids and their teacher. There is excitement and curiosity filling all sets of eyes on him and Cas is reminded why he loves this part of his job. With one last look at Dean to make sure they’re ready to go, he gets caught in the pools of sunlit forests that are Dean’s eyes and loses focus of his current task. It’s only when he catches sight of the smirk forming on the teachers lips that he snaps out of it.
Cas is pressed all along his side with an arm and leg thrown over Dean to keep him in place. Dean has one arm wrapped around Cas and moves his hand to gently run through his hair. He loves this. Loves the presence of a warm solid body next to his and the way it makes him feel  safe and comfortable. It's been a very long time since Dean has had any kind of intimacy and he never realized how much he missed it until now. He could be perfectly content to stay here wrapped together with Castiel, but he knows his stomach will start protesting in a matter of minutes.
“That bath seems a little irr-elephant now doesn’t it?” The teacher says to the zoo keeper nudging him with his elbow.
“My name is Jesse, and this is my husband Cesar. Arrangements were made for you four to stay at our guest house and we can act as your personal tour guides for whatever you would like to do while you're here,” Jesse explains, offering a hand out in greeting. Dean takes it on pure instinct alone while trying to process the information.
some love for this amazing art! It was an absolute pleasure working with her and I love the scenes she chose to do and the colors and everything I just love it all so much!
He never wants this vacation to end. The time he gets to spend with Cas and the girls completely stress free is incredible and much needed. Cas finally has the chance to relax and not worry about work or any of the other issues that have been plaguing him for the last handful of years. Dean has never seen the man this at ease before. The closest would be when they take their annual trip to the lake. Dean swears to himself that he will make more time to make sure the two of them can get away for just a few days every now and then to decompress from their everyday lives. Cas needs it and Dean wants to be the one to provide that for him.
Surprisingly, that actually doesn’t sound too bad. “Deal. The less time we are forced together, the better,” Castiel answers. “Now if you’ll excuse me I have to go home and pack.”
“And Jo, if you ever hurt him,” Dean pauses again, looking between his two friends. “Actually sorry Benny, you’re on your own with that one. She scares me!”
With a slight huff, he ignores Dean’s curious look before walking after Charlie. When they reach her office, Castiel instantly starts to protest again.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Just a fucking long week,” Cas states, looking to the sky. Flakes of snow catch in his hair and eyelashes, distracting Dean for a moment.
Cas looks up and sees Dean looking at the pair with a fond look on his face. Standing back up the zookeeper does his very best to glare at the teacher and is met with a satisfied grin. Oh yeah, today is going to be a very very long day.
chest. Trying to play it off Castiel leaves his hand there and points to the giant chair with his other hand.
“We’re about half way there Em. We still have a little over an hour until we get there. Do you need anything?” he asks in his most patient voice.
Cas looks at him for a moment with his brows pinched together as if he's trying to figure something out. Dean squirms under the intense gaze, but refuses to look away since he still wants to know more.
Dean curses everything holy in the world as he walks over to his side of the bed and slides under the covers without a word. A tense silence hangs in the air around them and Dean is pretty sure he is the only one who notices it. He tries to ignore it the best he can and instead focuses on the amazingly comfortable mattress. The temptation to ask Cas what kind of mattresses he got for this place is strong but Dean’s stubbornness is stronger and he refuses to say a word. Dean can't explain why he’s sulking like a toddler that didn't get their way since nothing has changed. There should really be no reason why Dean is acting like this now.
“I originally got a degree in architecture and spent a few years doing that before I realized I enjoyed the engineering side of things more, so I studied and took the test a few years back. All I’m missing is some construction experience, but I think I’ll leave that to you professionals,” Cas explains and Dean can hear his small smile.
“When you turned one your parents moved out and found their own home. Cas went to work and your mom stayed home to take care of you. That worked for a couple years, but when you were three Cas came home one day to find Amelia missing and you laying in your crib crying.”
He wipes the sweat from his forehead with the bandana he started carrying around for this exact purpose as he looks up, searching for Cas. Dean sees him waving wildly at him from the front of the main hotel block. Knowing whatever it is has to be important since both of them have been working non stop the last few days, Dean gives a slight nod to the small crew of locals and Benny to keep them working before heading Cas’ way. They have been working on clearing out all of the main hotel block and Dean is more than happy to take a short break.
Without sitting back up Claire nods her head slightly. He rubs his hand up and down her back while he continues talking.
Castiel rolls his eyes and grabs his own toiletries and change of clothes before moving into the bathroom. He shuts the door and sure enough hanging on the back of the door is his own set of green and red striped pajamas. Shaking his head Castiel decides to take a quick shower to rinse off the stale airplane scent. He goes through the rest of his normal nightly routine and then returns to the main room. Dean is curled up on his side facing the wall and appears to already be asleep. Castiel crawls into the bed which feels way too big compared to his full back at his apartment. Sleep takes a while to come, but eventually he falls into a dreamless sleep.
“Dean-o!” A shout comes from behind him. Dean turns to see Gabe, with a huge smile, and Castiel, with a confused head tilt, making their way to the bar. He’s not sure what he was expecting, but Cas looks damn good out of his zookeeper outfit (don’t get him wrong, the uniform also did it for Dean). Cas is wearing tight black jeans and a dark blue button-down. Even with the bad lighting in the bar, Dean can tell the shirt makes Cas’ eyes pop.
“Um yes. My boyfriend surprised me here and we are flying out early tomorrow to go meet his family for Christmas so he got us a room near the airport,” Castiel explains. Every word coming out of his mouth feels so wrong though.
He clears his throat and tries again. “Yes, I was just wondering if you want to go to the festival tonight?”
“You couldn’t have said something a little bit earlier, when we didn't have nearly all of them done already?”
“Go to the beach!” Emma exclaims. The others shrug and ten minutes later they are driving down the dirt road in their golf cart towards the beach.
“Yes! Exactly! I need to use this time to focus on my little brother instead of some random guy I just met,” Dean claps his hands with a big smile on his face. He found a valid reason to get out of going to the bar, but Sam’s signature bitch face says otherwise.
“Castiel, you are one of the most beautiful human beings I have ever seen. You deserve something much more than something that just looks good planned out on paper,” Dean says honestly.
Even just the memory of the picture makes Castiel frown again. He is so lost in his own thoughts that he didn't realize other people had filed into the conference room until his boss’ voice came from the doorway. Only startling slightly, Castiel straightens his pen again before turning his full attention to his boss.
Now the man sits in front of him the perfect conurbation of sexy and adorable drinking his coffee with a frown on his face. And Dean couldn’t think of a single thing he would rather be looking at.
“Holy mother that is good,” Dean moans when he takes his first sip. Maybe Carol will tell him where she got it so that he can take some home with him. It's seriously the best coffee he has ever tasted.
Dean tries to hide his laugh by clearing his throat, but it doesn’t work quite as well as he hopes and the death glare is turned on to him. Which just causes Dean to smirk and Cas to pout. A grown ass man should have no right looking that adorable while pouting, yet somehow Cas pulls it off. Dean shakes his head fondly before showing Castiel how to properly set up a tent. It only hits Dean when they have the tent set up ten minutes later that there is only one tent. He only owns the one tent and obviously Cas wouldn’t own a tent, but that thought didn't cross Dean’s mind until this very moment. Fortunately the tent is meant for a family, so the four of them should fit no problem.
Today was a good day. Dean even thinks he and Cas might end up being pretty great friends if they continue like this. One thing is for sure though, Dean needs to get laid so he can stop lusting over his daughter’s best friend’s married father.
“Oh hi Dean! How’s your brother doing?” Becky asks. Dean rolls his eyes at the question. Becky knows Sam is happily married, but that doesn’t seem to matter to the bubbly blonde.
When Ketch broke it off between them, he was the one to move out. This worked in Castiel’s favor. He’s not sure what he would have done if he had to search for a completely new place on his own. Instead, he took the opportunity of living on his own to decorate the apartment exactly how he wanted to decorate it. Since it was the holiday season, that meant Christmas decorations. He strung up lights over the windows, festive plates in the kitchen on display, and even salt and pepper shakers in the shape of a jolly Santa. It made him happier at the time and it helps a little bit now to know that this is his place and his place only.
“Ah perfect! The pocket square is here too!” Ketch exclaims from the other room bringing Castiel back to the present and causing him to roll his eyes. The other man walks out of the room still smiling as if this is completely normal and not awkward at all. He frowns slightly when he looks at Castiel then opens his mouth again. “Going somewhere?”
Dean grabs two beers from the fridge and shuts the door to find Castiel standing mere inches away from him. He can’t help the way his eyes trace down Castiel’s face from his eyes down to his lips. It only takes a second for his brain to catch up and for him to clear his now very dry throat. “Um personal space?” he questions and flushes from embarrassment at the way his voice cracks slightly.
The man kneels down onto one knee and greets the boy. Then he starts moving his hands in shapes and movements that Castiel doesn’t recognize, but apparently the boy does because he responds with his own hand movements. Castiel realizes they are speaking in sign language and is once again surprised by the complexity that is Dean Winchester.
“It was your first year here. Middle of December and a ton of snow on the ground. I was running late for pick up, like almost an hour, it was ridiculous, and when I got there you and Em were the only two left. Cas showed up a couple minutes after I did and he looked so exhausted and panicked it was clear something was wrong, you know? When he started asking about after school programs because something came up, I offered to take you after school for however long Cas needed. Keep in mind we hardly knew each other back then, but you and Em were so close that we just made it work.
“Maybe,” Castiel grumbles under his breath causing Dean to throw his head back in laughter. The sight is mesmerizing. And the sound is musical. Castiel tried to savor the moment for as long as he possibly can.
They walk in silence the rest of the way, letting the idle chatter from their friends behind them be the background noise. The forest opens up to a small cliffside with a pool of deep blue water at the bottom and a small rocky outcropping perfect to hang out on. Dean follows the small worn path on the side of the cliff down to the outcropping. He offers a hand to help the others down and takes Mary into his arms when Sam hands her to him. Benny and Cas set the bags of gear down and Emma immediately digs into them, pulling out six sets of snorkeling gear.
By the time Dean makes it back to the inn the sky has darkened considerably and it's almost time for the festival to begin. He can see people running around getting the place ready and if he thought the place looked like Christmas exploded in it before, it is nothing compared to what it is now. Christmas lights are hung up everywhere. More decorated trees are placed inside and out. Candles, which smell absolutely amazing, are lit on every surface giving a warm and cozy feel to the already welcoming inn. A week ago Dean would’ve hated everything about this, but now it brings a smile to his face and he takes in the holiday joy surrounding him.
“Here you go, gentlemen. It’s late, so I'll leave you two to get settled in for the night, breakfast is around 8:00 but you have free access to the kitchen at any time,” He says with a jolly smile before backing out of the room, closing the door on his way out.
“My jokes and puns?” Dean finally looks up and sees the head tilt again. “I thought they were annoying to you and you were getting irritated with me. Especially at the lion habitat. You didn’t look too pleased with my joke about the catwalk.”
“You found your inspiration!” Cas exclaims, one of Dean’s favorite gummy smiles spreads across his face. “Are you going to give me a hint?”
“I know but I missed you so much and I couldn't go another day without seeing you,” Ketch replies in his charming British accent.
Dean most definitely does not pout when he steps out of the way to let the teenager have her turn. He watches Claire line up her shot, then watches the ball as it rolls straight into the hole for her own hole in one. The second that Claire turns back to him he rolls his eyes, knowing exactly what's coming next.
His day of wandering around the town searching for inspiration paired with the emotional rollercoaster from when he was with Cas has him feeling exhausted. It’s only 9:00, but he is going to justify going to bed early by the fact that he slept awful the night before. Which reminds him that he’s on the rollaway. For the rest of the week. Dean looks longingly at the king-sized bed from his place on the floor and then with a tired sigh he heaves himself up and moves to get ready for bed. He changes into the comfy pajamas again before curling up on his side on the roll away.
“Ew! Jo come on! I so did not need to know that.” Dean protests, scrunching up his nose in disgust. Jo cackles in response, standing up and getting rid of the bottle before pulling Benny up with her. She walks him backwards, pushing him back to the bedroom while he just offers a shrug in response. With a shit eating grin, Benny wraps his arms around Jo and picks her up, causing her to squeal and laugh. Benny sends Dean a final wink before shutting the bedroom door between them. Dean can’t help but laugh lightly at their antics.
“Really? Because from where I was standing it looked like you were the one who had her pressed up against the wall and leading to something a lot more than just one kiss.” Dean argues, willing his voice to stay even and not crack by the emotions swirling inside of him. Anger. Hurt. Worry. Hope. Love.
“Dean, you’re a construction expert not a designer, forgive me for wanting someone here with an actual degree and experience,” Cas replies in a dry tone. Dean knows Cas doesn’t mean it the way he takes it, but it still stings a bit. Dean never did the whole go to college and get an education thing, except the few business courses he took. He doesn’t have a degree in anything. He’s just a construction guy, like Cas said.
With the motivation of food Cas gets out of the car and follows Dean back into the inn. They find many of the guests still enjoying their dinners and they find an empty table near the back. It doesn’t take long for Carol to find them and bring out two plates full of delicious food. Even after eating a ton at Sam’s Castiel still finishes his plate. Dean excuses himself saying he's going to go work on his article up in the room which reminds Cas that he has more research to do.
“Mommy, Daddy said a bad word!” Mary exclaims, pointing at her dad. Everyone bursts into laughter again. Jess dives gracefully into the water and swims circles around Sam before following the other women over to the caves.
“Dad?” Claire asks, looking between the two men now. Cas walks over on unsteady feet and pulls Claire into a hug of his own. Dean steps back a few feet to give them space and sees the questioning glance Claire sends him.
“Yeah sorry I hope that's ok? Castiel is a little much for the kids to remember and say correctly. Don’t get me wrong you have an awesome name, but they’re only eight,” Dean explains quietly.
Other guests make their way into the room grabbing plates as they go. Dean files into line behind them and starts planning on what he is going to eat first. Bacon. Bacon is first. He also spoons some potato cubes onto his plate then the french toast catches his eyes and he grabs a couple pieces. He notices some people in line for what looks like a made to order omelet station and he knows he will need one of those too. But there are also waffles and pancakes and cinnamon rolls and there are just too many options for him to choose from.
As time goes on and they get further along in their preparations it hits Dean just how big of a project this is going to be. They have only seen the hotel once before this and if his memory serves correctly then the whole place is going to need some major updates. This project is going to take a lot of time and money. Fortunately between the two of them money shouldn't be too much of an issue. They both have a ton of savings, some family money, and the fact that Cas is planning on selling his house before leaving will also give them an extra buffer. Dean tried to talk Cas out of selling the house but the man had already made up his mind. Something about a new beginning, which Dean can respect.
Actually that’s not a bad idea. Castiel sits up and slides his glasses back into their place. He looks at the elderly woman sitting in the chair across from him. Instantly he goes into his journalist slash researcher mode.
“This is why I ran,” Claire finally says, her voice scarily low and calm. Dean has never heard her like this before and he worries about what's going through her head.
Dean shakes his head in amazement. No matter how the rest of the day went, seeing that streak still gave him hope that there is Christmas magic somewhere around. He turns back to the bed when something catches his eye. The suit jacket is still laying there but there is something in the inner pocket that Dean didn’t notice before. Curious he walks over and pulls out a folded piece of paper. He nearly drops in in surprise when he sees that it is the official certificate that Cas has spent the last three days searching for.
“I’ll take the group with the parent volunteers,” Gabriel chimes in quickly, with a smirk on his lips, knowing exactly what is going on with Dean.
Dean lights up, “Oh you are in for a treat! This is the best damn coffee I have ever had. How do you like it? I’ll get you some.”
“That wasn’t too bad!” Dean says instead, hoping he sounds more truthful than he actually feels. If Cas’ glare is anything to go by, he doesn’t think he was very convincing. “Okay, that was pretty bad and it took a lot longer than I was expecting, but we started Cas! We got something done. Tomorrow Benny and I will be able to access the damage and then the three of us can start to fix this place up. It’s day one, we got this.”
“Alright well I would love to say I hope this doesn’t affect our friendship and that we can go back to how things were, but I honestly don’t know if they can,” Cas mumbles under his breath, his voice hitching on every other word. He turns away from Dean and continues the long walk back to the hotel on the dusty dirt road.
“Not at all,” Cas replies with a small smile. A wave of relief washes over Dean. He didn’t disrespect the zookeeper. He didn’t get the class kicked out of the zoo. He still didn’t make the blue eyes man laugh at his jokes though.
“You can take the bed, I don’t mind taking the roll away.” Dean explains basically reading Castiel’s mind.
The last year has been a whirlwind of events and emotions. Castiel’s divorce with Amelia was finalized. Claire ran away, luckily only to Dean’s, but still. She refused to talk to her dad for a week, but when the two finally did talk everything out they were closer than ever before. That was a rough time for all of them, but Dean knows Cas is better now. He smiles and laughs more and he doesn’t look like he has the world resting on his shoulders anymore. Cas told Dean that this hotel project is a way for him to get a fresh start and do something for himself for the first time in his life. Dean sees no fault in that and will do anything to see the project through to the end.
Claire nods her head in agreement. “There are only a few people I would count as my real friends and Emma’s the most important so I won’t be missing anyone.”
His eyes snap back up to meet Castiel’s. “Of course, I wouldn’t have offered if I wasn’t willing. I mean the girls are already best friends and would probably love to hang out more outside of school,” Dean says, gesturing to the girls sitting next to each other on the floor. “Honestly it will probably help me out too. I still have work to do at the house after I pick Em up and with Claire there they can entertain each other and I can get more work done.”
Curious, Dean sits up and stares at the door halfway expecting Cas to come right back in. When what feels like an hour but is probably only a couple minutes go by Dean's curiosity beats down the desire for sleep (it’s not like he was getting any anyways) and he crawls out of bed. Trying to be as quiet as he can since there are other guests at the inn he creeps down the stairs in search of his coworker.
The boat docks and they step off to find two men waving at them. Dean frowns slightly in confusion, he's pretty sure he doesn’t know them and Cas didn’t say he knew people on the island already. Either way their small group makes their way to the smiling men. Dean takes the time to size the two strangers up. One has a full head of dark hair while the other is bald but with a full beard. They aren’t dressed like the few locals Dean can see and are more dressed like someone Dean works with back at home. It makes him both cautious and secure at the same time. Dean subtly keeps the girls behind his back and Cas moves to be shoulder to shoulder with him.
“It was good!” Emma shouts. Claire remains silently looking out the window, which would concern Dean if it were his own daughter but with Claire that’s pretty normal. She doesn't talk much unless it’s to Emma and when they are around others Emma talks enough for the both of them. Dean listens to his daughter talk about what they did at school that day while he drives the short distance to the house.
“Part of it, yes,” Dean says. “To tell you the truth, this wasn’t even his idea. It was your grandparents that brought it up to him in the first place.”
“A lot of work to be done tonight!” The elderly man says cryptically before he's off wandering through the crowd. Carol also disappears probably to greet more guests which leaves Dean and Castiel standing together. Alone. Silence falls over them and Dean fidgets, his suit suddenly too hot as he pulls at the collar. He needs to say something,
“Hang on,” Cas takes a moment to study the man in front of him. The man he thought he loved but is now realizing he never even felt a fraction of what he feels for Dean when he was with Ketch. “What was your favorite article I’ve written?”
Part of Dean knows he will regret his words later. He and Cas know each other so well, they know exactly which buttons to press and which words to say to cause the most damage. Dean has known for years that Cas feels like he doesn't do enough for Claire. That he isn’t there often enough or has never had the easy relationship with her like Dean has.
“Maybe a little bit for cutting school, but I’m sure you had a reason for it and if you explain that to your dad I’m pretty sure he would understand.”
“Dear Santa, It's me Oscar. This year I would really like a mega star scooter in blue. I promise to share with my brother, Colby, even though he doesn’t share his candy with me.” Dean reads aloud. The letter makes him smile. He remembers a time when he and Sammy would write letters to Santa when they were kids.
Words fail Dean again. He is too shocked to even breathe, processing everything Cas just told him. Cas loves him. Has loved him for years. Just like how Dean has loved Cas for years. They can be together. They can be happy together and in love. Dean just has to say something. Anything.
“I thought Dean's family lived a couple hours away,” Carol says like it’s the most obvious thing in the world. Cas’ heart clenches in his chest.
“No silly, Rudolph is our car!” Mrs. Winters points out the window towards what appears to be an old Volkswagen painted bright red.
“Seriously? And y’all didn't tell me?” Dean asks, a little hurt. “Why didn’t you guys say anything?”
Despite the completely different lives they grew up with, Dean and Cas are somehow able to connect and relate to each other. Which is something Dean has never been able to find with anybody. They have only known each other for a couple years and Dean can’t even remember what his life was like before Castiel and Claire were a part of it. They’re practically family now. Which is why Dean thought this trip would be a great idea! Just the four of them, camping out at the lake. It sounds like the perfect way to kick off the summer and the weather is absolutely beautiful. Just the thought of hanging out on the edge of the dock with his fishing pole and Cas sitting next to him while the girls play in the shallow water brings a smile to his face.
The four of them exit the car and Dean watches Cas and Claire take in the beautiful lake in front of them. Dean managed to get the best spot with the lake only feet from where they will be sleeping and the dock only a short walk away. This is the only place and time Dean will ever get up before the sun because the view is just breathtaking when the sun finally peaks over the trees and reflects over the water. It's peaceful and calming. The perfect place to drink his morning coffee. Maybe Castiel will join him this year.
Awkwardness rolls over them like waves crashing into the cliff side. Desperate for anything to break it Castiel looks up to where Chris still sits on his chair. He sees the little boy Dean was talking, or signing, to up on his lap.
They stand there in silence for a few moments before Benny grabs some debris and drags it outside. Dean and Cas follow suit, working on getting all of the garbage and old furniture out. Cas wants to replace everything with things he bought so there really is no use for the old chairs or table, which is broken anyways. They did agree that if things are usable and in decent enough shape, they could donate it to the locals in case anyone needed anything. Jesse said there were several local people who offered to help in the rebuilding and Dean happily accepted so he didn’t need to bring a whole crew over.
He drags himself up off the floor and makes his way to the bathroom. Changing out of the borrowed suit quickly Castiel changes into his normal navy suit. His bag is nearly already packed so he just throws the rest of his toiletries in before zipping it up. Cas grabs his tablet from the desk and remembers the half-finished article sitting there. Taking an extra minute he sends the unfinished draft to Dean for no reason other than just to have someone read the hours of research he did for nothing. Who knows, maybe Dean will find something interesting in it? That just reminds Cas that he was supposed to read Dean's article tonight after the festival. Guess that will just have to wait for tomorrow when it gets published in the newest issue of Doman Magazines.
Emotions well up within him and tears threaten to fall again. This time he lets them, knowing no one can see him. Somehow he manages to convince himself that things will be okay and they will get through the rest of this project, go home, and move forward. He just needs to take it day by day until he is okay.
Both girls nod and then turn their attention to the outside world in search of something that starts with the letter A. Dean shoots Cas a grateful look which he responds to with a small smile. The rest of the ride passes easily with one of the girls (or Cas) shouting out their findings every now and then. They get stuck on W for a while, but when Dean pulls up to the campground and spies the lake a smile makes its way to his face.
“As long as we don't run into any major issues I think we should be just fine. Besides we have more help coming next week so things should move faster then.”
The biggest smile stretches across Dean’s face as he takes in the wordless praise. Happy that Cas is happy, Dean bites into his own burger, enjoying the many flavors blending together so well. He knows the real secret to making a good burger isn’t necessarily what you put on top, but what is actually mixed into the patty itself. On top of the typical salt and pepper he also adds a little minced garlic and onion to give it a little more flavor. His absolute top secret ingredient though is a splash of Worcestershire sauce, or as Emma so proudly calls it Winchester sauce. Mix it all together with good fresh meat and
Dean nods his head slowly, unable to make eye contact with the young woman. “Yeah, Cas and I just need a break from each other for a little bit.”
He smiles at her gratefully before he takes his full plate to a nearby table. Not even a minute later and Carol brings by a fresh cup of coffee for him. When he takes a sip he is shocked to discover it is made perfectly. Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, Dean digs in and enjoys the best breakfast he has had in a very very long time.
By the time they landed, Dean seemed to be doing okay. He still practically sprinted off the plane and just about kissed the ground but that was better than having another panic attack on the plane. The two men follow the rest of the crowd into the small airport and make their way to the service desk. The wait takes forever and Castiel swears it takes them at least ten minutes to move just one spot forward. Castiel can feel Dean getting restless behind him and he just hopes they can get on the next flight out to Aspen. The sooner the better. No matter what happened between the two of them earlier on the plane doesn’t matter, they still have an article to write and are each other's competition. They don't even like each other!
She nods and turns to head towards the kitchen and dining room areas. Dean returns his focus to the man behind him and finds a haunted look in his eyes. Not knowing what else to do he pulls Cas to him until they are pressed against each other so tightly that no space remains between them. Dean is still pissed and hurt, but he still loves Cas and he still loves Claire. He will do anything in his power to be there for the both of them. Cas’ arms come up to clutch at Dean’s back and he lets out a shuddering breath. Dean just grips him tighter.
Meanwhile Dean is suffering on a flying metal death trap, cursing the man next to him for talking him into this absurd idea.
“Sammy!” Dean lights up at the sight of his little brother. Although little is certainly not the word Castiel would use to describe the man.
The two young blonds look at him expectantly, but Dean can't seem to find the words anymore. Luckily Cas notices and takes the lead.
“Wow Dean it smells amazing in here,” Cas says with a smile. Dean returns the smile while checking the chicken in the oven. “What are you making?”
She ushers them into her little shop which doubles as her home. There is a little bar counter set up in the corner with several bottles filled with colorful liquids lining the shelves and a giant ice machine sitting on the counter. Shaved ice. Dean was over the moon when Cesar told them about this place and immediately went to go find it. He was not disappointed in the least.
Opening the front door, he comes face to face with a nervous looking Castiel. “Hey there Cas,” Dean smiles brightly.
“Hello Dean, what brings you to town? More research?” Castiel asks with a slight teasing tone to his voice.
The previous night's events come back to him and he shifts slightly to look over his shoulder. The sight that greets him is absolutely breathtaking. Early morning sunlight filters through the open curtains and lands perfectly on Dean. His hair appearing more golden with the light and his freckles standing out against his slightly tanned skin. Dean looks so peaceful sleeping that Castiel really doesn't want to disturb him but he knows that if he doesn't move now then he never will. He’s not sure what Dean’s reaction would be waking up to them tangled together and Cas isn’t sure he wants to find out.
“Oh, I don’t doubt it,” Cas smiles and moves again to lean against the camp table. He crosses his arms over his chest and watches the girls by the fire. Dean takes the chance to study his friend (not the way his arms bulge where they are crossed!). Castiel has been working overtime lately and his personal problems have not let up either. There are dark half circles under the man's deep blue eyes which look so much duller than when Dean first met him. Every now and then Dean can spot the light returning, usually when Claire is involved, but he wishes he could do more to help his friend out.
“I don’t know Chris, I’ve kinda taken a liking to her,” Dean teases while pulling Carol into a big hug. Carol giggles as she wraps her arms around his waist.
“Cas I swear if you or one more person says anything about a stupid Christmas miracle I am going to lose it,” Dean cuts him off. Castiel can’t blame the other man for his frustrations, so he lets it go. They’re both too busy stewing in their own thoughts to notice the sweet elderly woman walking their way.
Castiel flushes because he forgot about how Ketch feels about his glasses since he got so comfortable with wearing them around the inn. “The airplane air irritates my contacts so my glasses are more comfortable for flying. I’ll change into my contacts as soon as we are back in New York though.”
“See? Told you it’ll be okay!” Dean smiles and is shocked when he gets a small smile in return. He can literally feel the tension leaving the man's shoulders (Dean should probably remove his hand) at the sight of his daughter having a friend. The two men stand there watching, long enough for Emma to look up and smile at them before waving wildly. Claire, if Dean remembers correctly, does the same and a genuine smile somehow finds its way to the man's face next to him. Dean can clearly see the love between the two even if the first interaction he saw was a bit on the colder side.
“Ah, Winchester, how nice of you to join us. Let me guess, another pregnant woman needed your help?” Roman asks sarcastically with a sneer firmly placed on his face. At least his boss doesn’t seem to be a huge fan of Dean either.
Claire rolls her eyes and returns her focus to the other side of the counter, just staring at the wall. “I’m fine, I would’ve been back tonight, just didn’t want to be at the hotel today.”
“I’ll go get Rudolph and we can take them to the inn,” Mr. Winters says happily before turning and disappearing into the crowd.
“Anyways it still doesn’t give you the right to get mad at me for one kiss!” Cas jumps right back into their previous conversation. “Do you know how nice it was to feel wanted for once? That somebody actually wanted to be intimate with me? It has been years Dean! Almost decades!”
“This is pretty awesome, but the lake will always win,” Dean replies easily. Ever since that first year, Cas and Claire have joined them for their annual trip and on the first morning Dean and Cas sit together on the dock watching the sun rise. “I could get used to this though.”
Dean smiles triumphantly and Castiel glares. He has no idea what Dean has planned, but he does know it is going to be a very long day. Against his better judgment, Castiel ends up in the car with Dean going to who knows where with Christmas music blasting through the speakers. Dean sings along offkey to every song he knows and Cas can’t tell if he's doing it on purpose or if Dean really can't sing. Knowing how perfect Dean is at everything else it wouldn’t surprise Cas if the man could also sing perfectly. It's an hour into the drive when Cas can’t hold out any longer.
“Alright everyone, first of all thank you for all of your hard work these last few months. I know it hasn’t been easy, but just know that Cas and I appreciate all of your help. Seriously, this project is a nightmare but with all of you guys here it has been bearable.” Dean gets a few chuckles and nods of agreement. “With that said, we’ve decided to call it a day today and everyone has the next two days off.”
“Who wants to go do some cave diving?” he asks, clapping his hands together and looking around at the group. Several excited smiles answer his question and a concerned look from Sam, which Dean ignores because he knows his brother will enjoy it. “Awesome! Benny, is it cool if we take your boat? It's not that far, but we will have to hike a bit.”
“Yeah Cas it’s fine,” Dean replies once he stops laughing. “Like you said, there’s plenty of space and anything beats sleeping on the boat again. Just try not to snore every night.”
“She can’t get off the island so we will find her Cas,” Dean promises. “Emma, can you check out the rest of the hotel grounds to see if she's hiding anywhere here while we go to town and see if she's there? I’ll see if Jo can go to Cesar and Jesse’s.”
“Oh, he should be here any minute, he called earlier and said there were some personal manners he had to attend to.”
“You did so good dad! It looks amazing in here,” Claire responds with a small smile. Dean can hear the pride in her voice and can see it in her face. She really is proud of her dad and Dean knows how much that means to Cas. When he looks over to his friend he can see how much it affects him, with his wobbly smile and misty eyes.
