"—but I just hate the idea that… Those assclowns on TV refer to me as 'mom' or 'the mom,' you know they're going to mean it in a negative sense because
"Soon. Think they're about an hour out now," she replied, and then, perhaps trying to lighten the mood, said, "Clint did a little research. If you only pay him fourteen thousand, he doesn't have to pay taxes."
"I can't believe I'm about to say this," Pepper said, and Tony broke his staring contest with Natasha to focus on her, "but I'm actually a little jealous."
," in the way that Tony knew Steve had figured out exactly what Tony's problem was, but he still let Tony leave, and he gladly did so, going over to the bedroom and closing the door behind him. The room was relatively dark by this point in the evening, and he didn't bother to turn a light on, instead choosing to just flop down onto the bed and curl up on his side, pillow shoved between his legs again. Maybe he was being stupid or immature, but he didn't care. Steve, clearly, was more interested in spending time with his little pal from the bad old days, and Tony could give him that without sitting there pathetically and demanding the attention he thought he deserved from his husband during what was supposed to be a weekend getaway. Sort of. OK, it was more about riding out the shitstorm that he himself had caused, but whatever.
Steve nodded then said, "Yeah, well, I just had three people trying to explain the need for a laser tag arena to me."
He could have fought her on that, but he decided not to, instead saying, "Still, you didn't ask questions then—"
pop culture references to his clothing choices to what toothpaste he uses to what ball teams he roots — or doesn't root — for to what brand of aftershave he uses and about ten other things that I've forgotten."
She just waved off his concern but said, "I gave you that form. I didn't do anything else. If you're asking me if sensing your bonded is still alive when everyone else is telling you he's not is part of the bond that you share, I can only say to you: I don't know. You tell me."
He glanced up and met Tony's eye, and Tony held his gaze a moment before he smiled at the earnest, tender-hearted sap and said, "Babe, if it were up to me, you wouldn't be going anywhere else. Ever."
"You know, this is kind of drafty," Tony said, grimacing a little at the fact that he wasn't wearing anything underneath, hoping his bravado would distract from the stubborn tears of exhaustion and embarrassment he wasn't able to mask.
The doors slid open, and Tony sucked in a deep breath and staggered on, grabbing onto the handrail and curling metal fingers over it, squeezing it to work as a countermeasure to the pain slicing through him. He blew out the breath and wondered how easy it was to tear whatever it was that Bruce had stitched up then said an uncomfortable, "Good. Now that you remember who you work for, give me the rundown."
And Rhodey, that traitor, totally did not call only to ask, "Wait, which tag am I supposed to use? 'Lady Liberty' or 'Miss United States'?"
She let herself out of the room, and Steve stood beside him and folded his arms and said, "Was it that bad?"
"Yeah," she said with a sleepy nod and pushed her head further into the middle of his chest, but she frowned when her cheek rubbed against the arc reactor, and she pushed herself up a little and poked at it. The cool blue glowed dim through his dark shirt, and Olivia's eyes went a little wide and said, "Papa, what's
Barnes snorted a laugh and shook his head a little before he went back to the potatoes. "Not a goddamned thing. Most I can say is I'm not surprised they all splintered into different groups. They might all share the philosophy, but everyone wants to be top dog. Are these done yet? I told you, I can't
They lost Bruce and Natasha somewhere along the way, so it was only Rhodey and Hill following him to the clerk's office. Rhodey was doing something on his phone, so he frowned at Hill and went to ask what had happened to the other two, but before he could even get the first word out, Hill smiled in that flat way that she had and said, "It's a surprise."
Tony sighed out a breath. "Well, as he's oh-so-eloquently pointed out in the past, he's sucked my cock before. I guess drinking my breast milk is no more disgusting than swallowing down my come. Only time I taste myself like that is when that fucker kisses me right afterwards."
That shut Steve up for all of a second before he said, "And what if we ripped it out right now? Just got rid of what you put there?"
Steve kept his gaze locked with Tony's. He didn't believe him about Bucky. It was his fault Bucky had died. No matter what Peggy said, the report was what mattered, and the report said...
She pursed her lips and nodded, putting a finger to her mouth as she tilted her head in thought. "Yeah," she said.
"What?" Natasha asked, legs tucked underneath her as she sat on an adjacent chair. "Wanting to have a little fun with you guys? One night apart isn't going to kill you."
"Not sure he could pull it off as well as you, either," Bruce said, some amount of sincerity in his words, and Tony nodded his approval to him.
"No, that's fine," he yelled, hanging out the bedroom door to do so. "We'll…find our way over somehow. Pep's already there, and if at least one Avenger doesn't show up soon, her ulcer's going to flare up."
But if she'd found out that Tony — her Tony — had gotten himself mixed up with his father's lifelong obsession… He could hear her voice now:
Now that he thought about it, Tony reminded him a lot of Stark — both in looks and in personality. Strange that he'd never actually given any thought to Stark in that way given that he'd evidently married someone that was so similar to him.
But Tony rounded on him and said, "Oh, no, you're not off-the-hook. You made me sit through all that crap, so you're going to
in the middle of it, would he? Sure, Steve had been desperate to get his friend back, and he'd gone to extreme lengths for him, and he'd ultimately chosen Bucky over him, but he wouldn't actually…
"So, where exactly 'upstate' are we going?" he asked when the George Washington Bridge first came into view.
"Yeah, well, if it wasn't for this lunkhead here," he said and jerked a thumb at Steve, "I wouldn't have had one at all."
God help him, Thor almost looked like he understood, nodding and seeming to have an empathetic look on his face as he did so.
Though, weirdly, he could still sort of taste that morning's muesli, which…didn't really make any sense, and he really didn't want to think about what that could possibly mean — if anything.
Bruce had shrunk away from the crowd some, standing closer to behind Tony and Steve than right out at the front with them. "Uh, as far as I can see," he said, and Tony turned back to the crowd to gauge whether or not that had sufficed. When he figured that it hadn't quite done the job, he sighed a little and rolled his eyes.
"Because people feel sorry for you because of how lame it is," Tony muttered and went back to the list. "
any of this stuff until he'd experienced it for himself, and hell, even he couldn't always explain exactly to Steve what he wanted. Sometimes, it was just instinctual. He just knew how to move or where to move or what to touch. He couldn't explain it. He just
"Whatever," he muttered and switched back over to reading the newsfeeds from the day until he felt someone staring at him again, and he turned to see those same two women trying very hard not to look like they'd been watching him the entire time.
Barnes sat up a little, DUM-E pulling away but still holding tight to that stupid magnifying glass, and he flexed his hand and wiggled his fingers and did a sort of windmill motion with his arm. He seemed impressed by the range of motion, if the look of awe on his face was anything to go by, and he glanced over at Tony and said, "Your old man coulda learned a thing or two from you."
had nothing to do with sex this time. You laid out a plan of action, and I totally confirmed that I agreed with it. You know why? 'Cause I am totally a team player.”
," the witch said. "You wish him to have an heir, there is no other way. Not so long as the Chancellor has breath in his body and the two remain united as one."
"I wish you luck, Captain. Perhaps what you have done was for selfish reasons, but I know it cannot have been easy to give up eternity."
Rhodey turned to see Olivia happily chomping away on her waffle — the one Tony had had to cut up into pieces — and he shrugged and said, "Are they edible?"
Tony frowned some, and he hummed a little and considered the little blue piece of paper in his hand then said, "OK, but if we're actually serious about doing this, we're going to need
"Hmm?" Tony asked and turned to him, a hint of a teasing smile on his face. "Well, the little round things filled with liquid are called 'mugs,' and the—"
Barnes stared at him a moment before he yanked his shirt off and tossed it aside, and Tony paused a moment to look at the pink puckering at the shoulder joint where metal was fused to bone-and- flesh. Immediately, he was reminded of his own reactor scars, and, unthinkingly, he reached up and rubbed at his chest where the reactor had once sat, his hand meeting nothing but smooth flesh atop an unbroken sternum.
Tony rolled his eyes and pulled the baby from his breast. "No," he said and set the baby on his shoulder to burp her. "I want absolutely no help from the father of my child in taking care of her."
Tony made a 'humph' sound and said, "Seriously, you're being weird and clingy even for you. Are you OK?"
Tony stared at him a moment, and Steve shrugged like it was no big deal to him, but Tony knew he was full of shit because Steve was an old-fashioned sap with a romantic streak, and Steve had been romanticizing dancing from the moment he'd realized his dick was more than something to just piss and play with. The height of romance for Steve was dancing with his best fella, and so Tony inhaled a deep breath through his nose and said, "Yeah, all right.
Though he'd never admit it to anyone, Tony knew Steve really didn't like being alone if he could help it.
He stared point-blank at them, daring them to look away, but they both just smiled at him and raised their soda cups at him. He wasn't sure if it was supposed to be a toast or a peace offering.
, like their bodies had been made for each other, like every other person he had ever been with had been leading up to this — like they were the people he had to be with, had to learn from, in order to have
Tony let out a choked laugh, and before he knew it, they were in each other's arms, hugging, snuffling and telling each other how much they loved each other. They held onto each other a few more moments before Pepper pulled back, and she dabbed the tears away from her eyes and said, "So, how're you feeling? OK? You look good. Was she
. He wasn't sure where Steve had disappeared to now — he thought he remembered something about training with other Natasha and Wilson — and he wasn't exactly in a place where he could take care of any wanton desires that might come of thinking of that harsh and grasping utterance that had made him almost cry out with desperate yearning—
"My point is that he doesn't get that look around you. He never did. Even back when you two were measuring your dicks on the helicarrier, it was the most alert he'd been since the whole thing with Loki started."
"I know," she said with a short nod, the words grave and pregnant with something he couldn't identify. "You may wish to set your infant down. I wouldn't want to see her hurt in the process."
" he cried out, more defensively than he probably should have, especially given the way Rhodey's eyebrows went up on his forehead. He slammed the spoon into the pot. "I
Carefully, he inserted Tony into the warm water, earning a loud, relieved sigh from him. Tony relaxed into the feeling, submerging himself until only his head was above water.
Steve reached down quickly, grabbing Tony’s, warm, hand and pulling him up to his feet. Tony adjusted his shirt, hiding his stomach, and flipped his hair away from his eyes. It was getting longer again.
“You tryna get me into bed, Rogers?” Tony joked, his voice thick. It was light, but Steve knew Tony was anything but happy tonight.
Steve’s face was hot. He knew Tony had always favoured him a little more than normal, but he wasn’t anticipating him to ever admit it. But maybe it was the booze talking.
If he was honest, Steve felt like an idiot. It seemed ever since he had woken up, alone, in his bed this morning with the sun shining through the window, casting a shadow on the empty side of the bed, that he’d been a different person. It had taken him longer than usual to make it to the kitchen, so much so Tony had beaten him, almost as if the thought of embracing that last night was over wasn’t something he wanted to do.
“Cap,” Tony crossed his arms, careful to not knock his mug. “You don’t give me enough credit, I’m amazing at keeping things calm,” he argued.
Steve rolled his eyes, the tension slowly leaving his shoulders. This was what they did best: joke in tough times.
Steve’s chest hammered everytime Tony didn’t answer his comm, his eyes searched the air desperately for the bright suit everytime he needed help. He knew this was heavily based on friendship, on trust in his teammates, but if he thought,
“Pepper said some things to me,” Tony muttered softly, relaxing back into the water, which was cold now.
His taunt stomach, just as Steve vividly remembered it from underneath his fingers that held the thin washcloth, was staring back at him. The muscles rippled as Tony laughed, causing Steve’s own stomach to settle uncomfortably.
Tony hummed as Steve lost himself, closing his eyes and throwing his head as he let out a groan as pleasure tingled up his legs and hit his stomach with a blast. His mouth was escaping small sounds as Tony’s mouth finished him and left him, Tony giving a gentle kiss to the tip.
Steve was practically jogging to his room before Tony could finish his sentence, bracing himself for some kind of explosion.
Also here’s the part two I (sort of?) promised. Again, I’m not sure if it’s on par compared to the first one but it’ll haVE TO DO BECAUSE IT’S MIDNIGHT AND IM TIRED.
Steve carefully crawled into the large bed, sinking into the soft comfort. He sighed, and gently wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist, pulling his back toward his own stomach.
“I liked you before I was drunk,” Tony whined, but he didn’t move to stop Steve from grasping for the rinsing cup and rushing water over his arms and chest.
Bruce shrugged, and after Barnes had finished locking the bassinette in place, he stood back up and said, "Uh, OK, I think it's good now."
"Good," Bruce said, "except for the bedroom, that's probably your most natural environment, so it should provide the most comfort for you."
Barnes murmured something under his breath in Russian, which got Natasha to snort out a laugh that she attempted to cover up by clearing her throat, and Wilson turned on him and said, "Oh! Oh, no! We discussed this. You talk smack about me, you do it in English!"
"What do you mean?" Tony asked and finally took a bite of salad. At least it was dressed with a vinaigrette so it wasn't
But he just shook his head and murmured that he was fine and, no, forget about it. Evidently, he'd been a little
"Nah, you were in luck," Bruce said. "Congressman had a sex scandal, so you guys got bumped. They're still talking about you, but not as much."
—and by his childhood hero, no less. The hero he'd grown to hate as he got older and realized he was competing for his father's affections with a ghost. The hero that was nothing compared to the amazing and stubborn pain-in-the-ass behind the mask.
Steve pulled out his wallet and produced his driver's license while Tony pulled out the bag he'd taken to carrying around and pulled out his wallet —
"Why does it sound like something Stark would have written for a ninth-grade history project— And yes, I know you were, like, seven in ninth grade. I meant ninth grade for normal people."
Bruce nodded some and said, "Yep, doing a fantastic job there of showing how little you care about all this, Tony."
Tony met his gaze and held it a moment, the true, earnest smile of his oldest friend in the world, and with his eyes going watery for about the millionth time since this whole thing had happened to him, he reached out and pulled him into a hug, tight and with all the love and affection he felt for his best bro.
Tony sighed out a breath. "Yeah, pretty much. Space Elsa's kind of dead, and according to Thor, who supposedly knows this sort of shit— But I don't know. Just because he's from space doesn't mean he knows everything about space. What the fuck? I mean, when did he suddenly become Carl fucking Sagan—"
"Hey," he whispered in an attempt to push those thoughts far from his mind. "How're you doing? Are you OK?"
it's a boy, I thought we agreed we'd rather wait to know for sure until it's actually born. Which is weird coming from Mr. Man-with-the-plan. Figured you'd want to know so we could have the room all decorated—"
"No," he said with a shake of the head. "I get it. I— It wasn't what I thought it was. I thought I could feel
Tony could hear the hesitance and confusion feeding through the connection as the Cap said, "Uh, I wasn't— I think I might have dialed the wrong number. I—"
"See?" he said and turned back to Steve. "She intended for this to happen. We didn't have a choice in the matter. So, stop fucking blaming yourself for this. I'm the one that has to actually has to let this happen to me unless I want to
"She's a 'Rogers,' too," Steve said pointedly and, to shore up his response, reached in and picked the baby up from the highchair to sit her on his lap, cooing at her and bumping the tip of his nose against her cheek as he did so.
"You had to have remembered this then, didn't you? I mean didn't it—? And when I told you about—?" He clamped his mouth a moment then added, "Unless my not being so…" He blinked and looked at Steve, and Steve watched as Tony's eyes skirted all over his face before he said with an exhale of breath, "Well, probably only a couple months difference, anyway. Worked past it soon enough."
"No, I mean—" He nodded his head at Tony. "Your suits aren't going to fit you. I mean, they're specially-tailored to your other…body."
Steve to do so — and was in through a door between the bureau and the large rectangular thing on the wall. Lights clicked on, and Steve saw it was a bathroom. The door closed and water began to run, and as the odd man busied himself in the room, Steve put a hand up to his mouth, the pads of his fingers resting against where his lips still tingled from the contact of the other man's mouth against his. He would be lying if he said that the slight scratch of facial hair against his skin hadn't in any way been enticing.
"You know," Steve said and pulled Tony into his embrace, taking Tony's arms and wrapping them around his waist before he put his arms tight around Tony, "we should probably preemptively work off some calories before we stuff ourselves full of Chinese. I don't know about you, but I ate an awful lot of Christmas cookies the past couple days."
Steve's sappiness must have been catching because Tony wasn't sure — especially after last night — that there was anything better than that.
"Mmm...well..." Tony said after a quiet moment, relaxing into Steve's embrace and nestling his head on his shoulder, "I guess I knew what I was signing up for."
But Steve just propped himself up on his elbow and, in the dark, Tony could see him blink at him, sleepily, like he wasn't quite sure what was going on but knew he couldn't just ignore it and go back to sleep.
"Yes, I'm sure!" he snapped at her. "I'm a thousand percent sure." He looked down at himself and realized that, true to form, his clothes hadn't changed at all in the transformation. "Oh, that's…" he said and took in the sight of a tight tank top and yoga pants that just…didn't seem to fit his frame the right way any longer. "Guess I don't need the nursing bra anymore, do I?"
He decided to head over toward the bedroom because that seemed like the best bet. "Daddy and I don't seem to get much time to ourselves," he muttered.
"They forgot we were in the room again, didn't they?" he heard Barton mutter from somewhere in the periphery.
story about what happened. I didn't want to freak him out. But he knows about her in theory — that I had an alternate-universe daughter. He just doesn't know that she was his daughter, too."
"How are you?" Steve asked, and Tony rolled his eyes as he helped him down the gate and onto the landing pad.
Steve frowned and bit his lip, and Bucky and Sam both noticed his worried countenance, but Bucky was the one that said, "What? What's wrong now, Steve?"
That had to mean something, right? Was it love? Was it infatuation? Was it comfort? Was it settling for what they could get? He didn't know. What he did know was that he was more in love with Tony than he'd ever been with anyone in his life, and he didn't want to let him go. Not then; not ever.
Bagel in hand, he turned the tablet display on and began to swipe over the screens, pulling up the news and stock feeds and going over the headlines for the day. With a resigned sigh, Steve turned and grabbed a mug from the cabinet, and he filled it with a serving of Tony's liquid savior and set the coffee down beside the plate with the bagel on it. Then, leaning slightly over Tony, he reached out and, hesitating for only a moment, put his hand over the small swell of Tony's belly, somehow equal parts possessive and protective. He leaned in and captured Tony's mouth with his own, pressing a gentle, tender, and loving kiss to his lips as he rubbed the bump. He broke the kiss just as it began to get a little too heated, and he pressed his cheek to Tony's and whispered in his ear, "Nothing will be so long as I'm here."
Pepper's eyes had gone wide, a hand hovering over her mouth like she wasn't sure whether to make the final connection or not. "And it didn't?"
. Because this is what my life is now. This is what I'm relegated to. I'm a plaything to some nutcase from the cosmos. And
"Nat?" he said, thankful for the slight distraction. "She was under the impression that you didn't recognize her."
But he smiled tightly and took the beverage when it was handed to him, and he sipped it and scowled as he burned the tip of his tongue, and it was then that he realized Pepper was staring guardedly at the door, like she was watching after something she didn't trust.
"Yeah, fine, whatever. The point is, I'm fucking starving. I haven't eaten in—" He reached out and grabbed his phone to check the time. "Twelve hours, forty-six minutes, and, oh, fourteen seconds."
He opened the bedroom door and stepped into the hallway. His stomach grumbled again, which only seemed to aggravate little James Anthony, who went back to breakdancing or whatever the hell it was he was doing in there, and he rubbed his belly and said, "If I get you food, will you settle the fuck down?"
Steve did, and brown and blue once again did a dance together before Tony added, "That's not happening. I'm not going to let it happen. Anyone wants to take me away from you, they're going to have a hell of a fight on their hands. And you know how I can get when someone tries to take away my stuff."
"I've been trying. Pepper asked me the same, but I— but I— Oh, god, Steve. I can't— I can't. What if she's Hydra, Steve?"
"Yeah, clearly this is an alternate universe," he said pointedly and turned back to the kid. "I fly the suit remotely?"
"Always get you with the 'fine print,'" he grumbled and tightened his arms. He hummed a bit and closed his eyes, and after a moment of silence punctuated with the greedy slurps of his hungry child, he said, "You know, she's a gigantic pain in the ass."
. I told him— He knows what happened, but he doesn't— I didn't exactly— He and I weren't together at the time, so I didn't exactly tell him the
"Uh…" Pepper said for lack of anything better as she looked down at the little blonde tyrant, arms raised like she was afraid to touch, and she looked up at Tony and said, "What's going on here?"
She blinked and stared at him, silent, almost like she was equal parts relieved that the question was out in the open and she was mortified that she had been the one to bring it up.
Steve quirked his eyebrow like he very much wanted to hear Tony's explanation, and Tony sighed a little and sat away from Steve, dropping his hand as he did so.
He looked down at the little infant greedily slurping down her bottle, and he furrowed his brow and added, "Honestly, though, now I'm not so sure."
Tony thought about this, tapping the tip of his knife against his chin. "Hmm…a whole weekend, just you and me and a big, empty house. Whatever could we
he was seeing in front of him, he realized that something solid was the wall of the elevator, which he'd fallen back against in his shock, one hand braced against the back wall while the other clutched at his chest.
, 'cuz you wanted to tattle on him about sayin' that word in front of me, but then you'd hafta tell Daddy that you got your ring caught, and then you'd get in trouble 'cuz Daddy says you shouldn't be wearin' it when you work on stuff."
On one occasion when he was standing in the bathroom looking over his body one evening before bed, hands cupping weighty breasts before he slid them down to his abdomen, he caught Steve watching him, lips slightly parted, gaze raking over his body, and when he went to call out to tease him about being a voyeur, Steve just turned and left the bathroom. If he didn't know better, he'd say Steve was embarrassed at getting caught. He followed him out and watched as Steve climbed under the covers and pulled them up to his shoulder.
"Yeah, whatever," he said and whipped his shirt off. Pepper went to avert her gaze to offer him some amount of privacy, but he rolled his eyes and said, "Don't bother. It's fine," and he stood up to try and better get the right leverage he needed to put the stupid thing on.
He heard Rhodey snort out a laugh, but Tony just rubbed at his eyes with his thumb and forefinger and said, "Olivia, that's not really
"Maybe," Steve murmured, and Tony stopped himself from imagining the worst a split second before the thought would have formed in his mind and instead jumped off his chair and made his way over to Steve.
He could only imagine the look of surprise on her face when she realized her rejected cake had gone to Captain America and Iron Man. It would be doubly delightful if she was one of those reactionaries that detested the very idea of Captain America being in a relationship with Iron
"Hmm… Yes, that's very sweet, dear, and I'm tickled pink by the thought, but, as we've already discussed, you are a
Steve's hearing was impeccable, though, so there was no question that he heard Darcy's comment loud and clear. Not that he did anything but shoot her a Stare of Disapproval. He then turned to Jane and smiled cordially and said, "Doctor Foster."
Tony groaned as the face of his former…one night stand, let's be honest…popped up on the screen along with whoever this other chick was. He watched the host bandy back and forth with the guests as they speculated about the whereabouts of Tony Stark and what was really going on inside Avengers Tower, slapping one slice of toast atop his completed sandwich, and he took a bite of it as the host asked the guests, "
for. You think I married you for your sparkling personality? No. I married you for your body and for the fact that you're a detail-obsessed pain-in-the-ass."
"OK, you know what—" he stared to say but was saved from having to explain anything when he caught sight of Thor bounding down the hallway toward them. He looked rather sharp in a nice, fitted suit (he had honest to god thought Thor would wear his full battle regalia), his long blonde hair pulled back into a neat ponytail at the base of his neck.
of your forms." She was silent a moment as she scrolled through, and her lips quirked into a slight smile. She glanced up at Tony and said with a touch of amusement in her voice, "'Asshole' isn't an actual medical condition."
"The chicken and broccoli they have there is usually pretty bland," Tony said. "That should work for her. Last year, she was still on formula, so we didn't have to worry about it."
"Well, we could," Tony said and cut off another bite of chicken parmesan. "They're doing some massive remodel to it. We could go when it reopens."
"Don't worry, Natasha," the nurse said, just as friendly and cheery as the doctor had been. "Women go through this every day."
She continued to brush the hair away from his forehead, but there was something almost chilly about her demeanor — like Tony had touched a nerve he didn't even know was exposed. She smiled at him, some strange and foreign sadness clouding her previously clear green eyes, murmured something in Russian, and then said something about it being her turn to relieve Hill from her post.
him. But it hadn't, and he'd come to accept that there were just certain things about himself that even the serum couldn't fix.
Tony rolled his eyes and shook his head in disbelief while Wilson said a quiet and lamenting, "Yeah."
"You know," Steve mused, a glimmer of mirth in his eyes and humor in his voice, "that sounds an awful lot like you're proposing a mutiny."
Steve's eyes flashed, and Tony knew then that he knew — he knew that Tony was lying to both of them, and he caught Tony's gaze again then said, "I know," his voice still soft and oozing warmth and comfort, "but I just want to make sure— I mean, you're not doing this to prove a point, right? It's one hundred percent because you want it?"
"I suppose. I mean, the one thing I wish more than anything… I really wish my ma coulda met you. I wish you coulda met her."
Steve had been thinking about it. This had clearly crossed Steve's mind before. He'd been fantasizing about Tony being his 'Antonia Natasha' — his
Tony considered this a moment, sitting back down in his chair as he did so. "So…you're saying he thinks I'm his perfect partner?"
"Bruce actually chased me out of his lab. Birdbrain told me to stop whining at him. What else am I supposed to think?"
Steve was the one to roll his eyes this time, pulling up something on his tablet as he said, "There's a lot to be gained from an in-class experience that you just can't get from having JARVIS explain it all to us."
"Yeah, well," Tony said with a derisive snort, "thanks for figuring out something Hydra had already figured out a while ago if their ultimate evil plan is to be believed."
Tony shrugged some. "Built on bedrock. Don't have to worry about it sinking into the ground. If it goes up in flames, we might be fucked, though."
And not even close to true. In fact, he knew a certain super soldier that could attest to the fact that not only was it
Thor was quite confused by Tony's name for him, which, yeah, wasn't his best, but whatever. He hadn't had his coffee yet.
"No?" Tony said and looked down at his legs. He moved both a little as though to test them, and he looked back at Steve and shrugged.
Which was definitely not something he was putting any energy into at the moment because, again, he wasn't sure he'd like the results. Steve might have paid lip service to Tony getting back to his original form, but for all he knew, deep down, Steve was sort of hoping that Tony would just stay the way he was. If he was remembering that week correctly, Steve seemed to enjoy sex with female Tony as much as he did male Tony, and there was the fact that he could become aroused quite easily just by
, Tony," he said, squeezing his eyes shut like that could somehow block out this horrible turn of events. "Could you
Natasha hummed as she eyed over the job she'd done on Tony's toes and said, "As good an agent as Sharon is, I'm not sure she's up to the job of handling you two by herself."
"You haven't walked in on us," he replied with a wicked grin. "Barton, the son-of-a-bitch, walked in. Deserved whatever nightmares he got from it, too."
She rushed to catch up with him, and she reached up and took hold of his hand. He stopped in his tracks a moment as he realized the disturbing naturalness of what had just happened, but Olivia was too busy looking at his hand and frowning.
"God, does this ever go away?" he muttered. He rubbed a hand over his face before he reached up and grasped hold of the hair atop his head and pulled on it some, a nervous habit more than anything else.
Something imagined, he supposed, something related more towards the hormones his body was producing during and after the birth of his child. You know, so he didn't kill her or abandon her. Something like that.
. He didn't want to completely give it up. Really, when it came down to it, he wanted to have it both ways. Have his cake and eat it, too.
She smiled and held out her hands as though to motion to them. "I came to check up on you, to see how you're faring. Oh, she is beautiful, Captain. Such a lucky man you are. Both mother and daughter are so very lovely."
He turned his attention back to Tony, but he hiked his thumb at the other two and said, "Do I want to know?"
But Hill scowled at him and said, "Hey, buddy, why don't you go drip your flop sweat onto someone else for a while?" but ingenuity suddenly struck, and Tony shook his head and said a quick, "
He blinked and looked at the one on his bed. Truthfully, he didn't know how old that was. Pepper had probably picked it out.
And then, because he really, really couldn't entirely trust that being, he shot a quick glance behind him to make sure she hadn't given him a tail or something.
Tony shrugged as the microwaved beeped that it had finished warming the tea. "Taste it and see. I didn't do the buying here."
Steve made a sour face at the thought. Although, nothing that Bucky had said pinged false to him. Schmidt had been a pushy, obstinate sort, and Steve's fight-or-flight instincts had always reared up whenever the guy was around, which had been often given that both he and Steve were doing graduate course work, their schedules often overlapped, and Schmidt had taken a weird sort of liking to him.
Weeks later, Tony threw an extravagant Christmas party, as per usual. Guests littered the tower, drinks were served, and foods Steve had never even heard of - could much less pronounce - were being served.
Steve moaned and whimpered, moving his hips slightly to match the quick speed of Tony’s mouth, the heat making Steve’s stomach tight.
His mind still flashed Tony often, his eyes peering at Steve slightly and his mouth separated just enough for the tip of his tongue to swipe his bottom lip, but he could think of other things now, kind of.
As he stood, his body yearned to feel Tony’s roughly calloused hands against his again, and the heat of his skin against his own. But he continued walking toward the door, giving a quiet ask for Jarvis to inform him when Tony woke.
A soft hum seemed to come from the general direction of Tony in response. Steve breathed slowly, his chest starting to burn in frustration, and calmed himself. He couldn’t stand Tony on a bad day, and couldn’t bare being around him when he was drunk and half-conscious. But, as always, no one was around to make sure Tony was well and accounted for in his bed, so Steve took it upon himself to keep Tony’s wearabouts known, including when it was here.
He looked down at himself, brushing a hand over his gossamer-and-satin-covered belly and said, "I don't even know what I look like. Does it look OK?"
"Gods, aliens, monsters, war heroes frozen in time — really, with all that, with everything that has happened in the last several years, is this
Tony rolled his eyes, but Sharon looked down and smiled at him, warmly, almost like she was happy to hear that and said, "Got him wrapped around your finger, don't you?"
Steve dug into the pork friend rice, and he ate a few forkfuls before he said, "Sometimes, I think she knew."
"Yeah?" Tony said, and light humor was replaced by genuine interest. "And how's your friend Clint doing?"
"Don't count on it," he grumbled and then watched as Tony grabbed something from the counter and came over to the table. "What are you doing?"
He got back up again, his back popping as he straightened his spine. He muttered 'fuck' under his breath again then said, "I don't know, baby. You're going to have to ask him when he gets home. You know how he is."
Pepper smiled a little and said, "He thinks there's room for improvements," and stepped onto the elevator once it had arrived at the floor.
or accepted what had happened to him, and he wasn't sure he was quite ready to take that step yet. Oh, sure, he'd admitted to JARVIS that he was kind of enjoying the whole thing, but saying he
Pepper stared at Steve a moment before she turned to Tony. "Did I just get schooled in sexual harassment by—"
"What's wrong?" Steve asked, only to be wordlessly handed the tablet. He looked it over a moment then sighed a little and showed it to Tony.
"I know I have to. I know, if this is real then it's only a glimpse, but I don't want… I don't want to leave."
be the best fucking thing that ever happened to me if it wasn't for that little blabbermouth upstairs—"
Tony shrugged. "It hasn't really hit me yet. I don't feel all that different, so any discomfort I can chalk up to the flu or a stomach bug."
When they both shrugged their response, Hill picked up her glass of whatever spirited beverage she'd gotten and said, "You
He heard what sounded like Tony running up the stairs, and he scooped the little girl up into his arms and carefully padded over to the doorway. She had a clump of crushed ribbons in her hand, and she laid them on top of his head as he leaned out into the foyer and listened for any noise that could help discern what Tony might be doing. He heard footsteps and rustling and drawers opening, and he pushed a curl of ribbon out of his eyes as Tony began the descent back to the first floor. He stepped back into the living room and had just dropped the little girl onto the couch when Tony came up behind him and tossed something at his back.
"Tony, he was brainwashed," she said, her voice soothing and even. "You can't hold that against him—"
"Thanks," he muttered but didn't loosen his hold any, and Tony held him a little closer and stroked the soft, short hairs at the nape of his neck.
"Thanks," he said, again sounding unsure, but for an entirely different reason, and now somehow looking rumpled in a suit that had just been pressed for him an hour ago. How the hell did he manage that?
to him except wake him up and put him in a good mood. "If any of you people were well-adjusted enough to be able to form stable romantic relationships, you'd understand that yes, the welfare of your partner always comes before the welfare of your comrades."
There was a large, formal dining room on the opposite side of the foyer to the living room, and Steve passed through that, marveling at the furniture and décor that looked like it cost a fortune, before he passed through a butler's pantry and then came into a large, sleek-looking kitchen.
"Either breakfast," Barton said, "or the fact that he and Cap can't seem to agree on a name. I'm going to assume they've started thinking about names for their little science project."
knowing that Steve was still alive, he still found himself succumbing to the pain more easily and having a much harder time working through it. He'd begged Bruce to just let him push and get it over with, but upon examination, Bruce had determined he still had a little while to go.
Even if Agent's number had fit him beautifully in all the right places, much more appealing than what this current utilitarian number was doing for him. Though that ridiculous shoulder-to-waist ratio was still there. Thankfully.
"Meeting?" Barnes murmured as Tony said up and said, "Right, yeah, save it and close it, J." He hummed a little to himself and got up from his chair — more of a struggle than he would have wanted to show in front of Barnes, but whatever — and grabbed his sunglasses and his bag and his keys.
"I'll do it," Barton said without a thought. He turned to the others. "OK, show of hands — and remember, we're all friends here — how many of you would rather follow me than Adonis and Aphrodite here?"
"There you go, being all practical again," Tony muttered but let Steve lead him onto the sidewalk, stepping over a small river that had formed at the curb and flooded into a storm drain at the corner.
He shrugged. "I don't know. Stop worrying about not being good enough for each other. Stop being afraid we think the other one's stuck with us. I love you, and though you're absolute shit at saying it, I know you love me—"
"Can take the boy out of the forties," Tony mused and reached back to pat Steve's leg again. "What my suddenly bashful boy-toy is trying to say is that he knocked me up good without even trying, I have to carry it to term, and I'm like this for the rest of my life. Can we make you believe that? No. Are we ever going to change our story? No, because there's nothing to change. That's what happened. It sounds crazy, but really, no crazier than anything that's happened to us so far in our lives."
He gazed at the photograph of the handsome man in the dossier file, unable to understand how he could have imagined the details so perfectly but gotten the big picture so utterly and embarrassingly wrong. He almost hated the man he saw staring back at him — hated him for something that wasn't even his fault. Yes, he was a largely contemptible person that had no business pretending he was a 'hero' (he wasn't; far from it), but it wasn't his fault that he wasn't the ideal Steve had dreamt about once upon a time. He hadn't even been
“Tony?” Steve couldn’t just pretend tonight never happened, or that he wanted to know why Tony had drunk himself into a stupor. “Why were you drinking?”
“Nothin’, ain’t say anything,” Steve said softly. His eyes reverted to his plate, filled with some exotic foreign food Tony always had stocked in his fridge somewhere. Only he ate them, since no one else did, and he sure hated leaving food to waste. Although, he was beginning to think he wasn’t very hungry anymore.
Steve opened his eyes again, breathing heavily. His chest was pounding, his ears thumping. He was leaning against a tree, on the edge of a street somewhere slightly outside of New York. He had ran so fast without realizing he had reached the edge of the city.
He wasn’t crying, rather looked as if he might, which was a sight for someone like Tony, who hid his feelings behind a brick wall. His mouth was tight and his eyes were distant, determined not to look in Steve’s direction.
Tony let out a groan as Steve took all of him and started moving his lips, twisting his head and slowly massaging his hand underneath his mouth to give Tony as much as he could.
It wasn’t that he hadn’t, even slightly, sighed in relief Tony had no recollection of the previous night, or what they did, but he still felt a certain twing in his chest at Tony’s confused look.
Tony breathed, letting his own arm overlap with Steve’s. His body relaxed, and in minutes he was asleep, the booze officially taking over.
Holding a pair of headphones. They were flat, but big. Not for any ear Steve had seen, though by now he knew not to assume. Curiously, and partly by tiredness, Steve kept still and slowed his breathing to feign sleep, keeping his eyes cracked slightly.
“You really think I could forget last night? Even drunk?” Tony whispered, laughing. “Not even an ungodly amount of alcohol could make me forget how good those fingers felt.”
Steve made his rounds, thanking everyone who congratulated him on the pregnancy and saying his hellos.
spending a night with Tony, but rather he didn’t want to consider what happened after that. They were friends, teammates. They couldn’t have a one night stand and that be the end of it, that wasn’t how Steve did things, call him old-fashioned.
Tony’s lips met Steve’s nape, and Steve just about melted to the floor. They were smooth, but harsh, trailing up to Steve’s jaw slowly. Steve tipped his head, leaning back slightly. As his lips met his earlobe, nibbling softly, Tony whispered.
Steve paused briefly, then reached for the white cloth nearby. Dipping it in the water, he carefully leaned Tony back toward the opposite end of the tub, with no complaints from him.
“No, Tony,” Steve sighed, scrunching his nose. The smell of alcohol was strong in the room, it reeked off Tony. “You aren’t sleeping on the floor.”
The building was quiet, no one seemed to be around. It didn’t surprise Steve: it was Saturday, which meant everyone was off doing their own thing.
Steve wasn’t sure what he wanted. It seemed a blessing Tony didn’t remember what the pair had done last night, between the oddly sensual cuddling and Tony getting hard from his touch. But Steve’s chest hadn’t untightened since he’d laid his eyes on Tony, making the first cup of his routine morning coffee.
Steve was sleeping, as he usually was these days, at the demand of Tony. He’d been insisting for weeks he was fine, that eighteen weeks was just the beginning of pregnancy, but to no avail. Tony had even redone the whole bed, stripping it of the old blankets and providing Steve with nice silky sheets and a thick blanket to keep him comfortable.
When Steve got back to the tower, roughly five hours later, his body was slick with sweat, dripping down his back. His face was burning, heat radiating off his pores. He hadn’t ran that hard in a long time, and although he knew it would wear off very soon, it felt good.
DUM-E whirred and beeped and nudged at Steve's hand with his claw, and Steve laughed and said, "He's like a dog. Did you program him this way?"
"I don't know, Tony," Steve said as they stood down in his lab an hour later, Steve cradling a sleeping Olivia in his arms and Tony typing furiously as he set up the program. "What if it's not—"
But Bruce just stared right back, a little sad-eyed, and he said a soft and solemn, "Tony, I really think you should consider the fact that—"
Steve sniffed derisively and said, "I'm not going to sit here and be insulted about where I live by people that have actually chosen to live in
, and it's just…amazing that I get to have this, and I get to have some part of you that no one else can ever have, and I get to see you in a way that no one else ever will."
"Oh, the one sister, yes," Ella said, suddenly beside them as she motioned to the brunette in the photo. "She's the one that loaned the prints to us. The one that took the photographs—" she motioned to the fairer-haired sister, "—disappeared without a trace in 1968. No one seems to know what happened to her."
He shrugged. "Well, you made an effort. That's what counts, right?" She nodded a little then said, "Are you happy?"
The speedometer hovered around ninety as he careened down the interstate, and he flexed his hands around the steering wheel and didn't even bother to signal as he swerved around traffic. Fuck him. Fuck him so much. Natasha was wrong. He didn't know what he'd been getting into with Steve. Because
Steve was silent a moment before he reached out and brushed his fingertips over Tony's arm. This time, Tony let him.
"Yeah, I don't really do that touchy-feely, hippy-drippy crap anyway. That's more up Bruce's alley than mine."
Tony frowned some. "Are you asking me if you should?" Then, before Steve knew what he was doing, Tony went up on his toes in order to look Steve dead in the eyes. He peered close, pressing nose-to-nose, and added, "So help me god, if this is some other galactic cosmonaut's idea of a fun prank, they're in for a world of pain if I ever get my hands on them."
He saw the blanket and pillow from where Olivia had slept on the couch in there as soon as he walked in the door, and he stopped and frowned at it a moment, something painful tugging at his heart. He waited a moment, expecting to hear a chirped, "Papa!" before a little ball of fire rushed into the room, but there was nothing aside from the hum of machinery and motors and servos, and he shook his head and scoffed a bit and went over to his workstation.
"I know you're awake," the creature said, but there was a hint of a tease to his words. "Nat's right. You're a horrible liar."
Tony Stark was much more inclined to make messes than clean them up. That he could figure, other people had, over the years, had to clean up his messes for him. He, quite clearly, couldn't be bothered.)
And he turned on his heel and made his way over to the door, his face burning in mortification, and just as he was about to cross through, Tony called out, "What about a coffee?"
Tony smacked the rolling pin down on the pile of dough and began to roll it out — or attempted to roll it out as half the dough seemed to stick the rolling pin, and Tony scowled and threw some more flour on the dough to try to remedy it. Steve watched him struggle for a moment before he said, "Please?"
But fate didn't allow him that, and maybe she wasn't his right partner after all. Maybe he didn't have one. Maybe his right partner had been lost to time — someone he hadn't even had the chance to meet because he'd downed a plane in the Arctic to prevent disaster.
He scowled but said, "The fact remains that I do not possess the biological imperative to procreate, and certainly not while partnered with an anachronistic relic that should have been left back in an ice floe in the twentieth century."
He shook his head, his finger still poised at the name in the book. "I don't mean you were her mother. I mean— I
"He has to pee," Natasha translated, and Pepper rolled her eyes and said, "Why didn't he just say so?" She leveled a firm look at him and added, "Tony, we've known each other for how long? We dated. You don't have to be so—"
Tony huffed and sighed and rolled his eyes. "Look, I don't— I can't explain it, all right? It's just a feeling I have. I know Steve's alive. I know it, and maybe it's because, you know, that lunatic with the magic hands was right and Steve and I are 'soul mates' or whatever you want to call it. God's sakes, Bruce, she turned me into a woman, I think she could tell if Steve and I were soul mates or not."
But Bruce just motioned for him to lay down and said to the other two, "I need you to brace his legs for me."
call an anatomy study but what was really just a detailed depiction of his breasts. He shot a pointed look at Steve, who just shrugged as though he had nothing to say for himself, and then shook his head some and went back to the drawings.
Tony pulled away and rolled over to where he'd left them yesterday. "Still a prototype," he said and snatched them up. "I'm thinking it might make more sense to embed them in your suit," he added as he rolled back over to her and held them out. She took one in her hand and turned it over, inspecting it, though he suspected she was merely looking at the aesthetics and not the actual technology of it.
He turned the shower on, waiting for the stagnant water in the pipes to pass before he stepped into the warm cocoon of moisture, closing the glass door behind him and letting the water drench him from head-to-toe. He closed his eyes and let himself luxuriate in the spray of warmth, water trickling down from the top of his hair and tickling where it streamed down his neck to his shoulders.
Steve seemed to know — or fear — where this was going. "Yeah?" he said, his tone leading but unsure.
It was at that moment that he knew he was in much deeper than he had ever thought he would be. Steve's moves had been heroic and amazing and thrilling to watch up to that point. From that moment on, Tony could only pray to some higher power he didn't believe in that he wouldn't end up a Steve-shaped splat on the ground one of these days.
Tony shrugged. "Hell if I know. Portal opened, she came flying through it, portal closed, and now she's stuck here."
They'd talked a couple times, mostly about whether or not it would be worth it to try and make a go of this Avengers-thing, but never anything too deep or too personal, and the Cap didn't
ring than that other one had, he thought as he rolled the ring back and forth between his thumb and index finger a few times, only then noticing how much the dexterity in his fingers had changed since that morning, and not for the better, but this had been the ring he'd worn prior to Esmeralda's little game, and, by rights, it was the ring he should wear once again. He went to slide it back onto his right hand when he realized he wasn't engaged any longer.
Bruce, seeming to sense what he needed, reached out and took the newborn from him, and he cooed at her a little and set her in the bassinette beside Tony. As he settled her in, Tony determining that he was doing an adequate job of taking care of the baby, he closed his eyes and added, "Let me get a few minutes of shut-eye before my child wakes up and demands more nourishment that only I can provide her."
"Yeah, right now you do. But what if you don't like it tomorrow, huh? What if you think it's yucky tomorrow? Then when it shows up, I have to tell the nice delivery men to take it back to the store because my screwy little daughter changed her mind."
"What are you implying?" Tony asked, though a small, fearful part of him already knew the absolutely impossible answer.
He hadn’t really considered that Tony probably didn’t take baths in his clothes. Modesty wasn’t what it used to be, especially not for Tony, but Tony was his friend, and Steve didn’t fancy seeing him naked.
Steve’s eyes were closed, his ears focused on Tony’s heavy breaths and quiet groans, feeling his hands running through his blonde hair, that must’ve been slick with sweat.
Tony huffed and inched his arm away, freeing the shirt of his body. Steve moved on to his pants, quickly unbuttoning the two buttons and unzipping. Tony seemed to understand, and thankfully stayed silent as he wiggled his legs to slide off the jeans.
He approached him as he was speaking to men in expensive suits he didn’t know, or care about. Tony dismissed them as he spotted Steve walking his way.
Encasing his mouth around it, he swirled his tongue, tasting Tony. His free hand roamed Tony’s chest, feeling the body he’d grown so familiar with in one night. He slowly took more of Tony, steadying his throat as Tony bucked his hips in eagerness.
Steve was amused, and also completely sweet, as he felt his little baby dancing to the song. As it finished, Peter grew still. Steve grinned and laughed softly to himself, still stroking his belly. As the next song began, Peter resumed his dance.
“What’s this about, Tony?” Steve asked tentively. Tony wasn’t one to get like this every night, but it happened often enough that Steve knew something was plaguing his mind if he got himself here.
Steve let him soak for a few minutes, watching carefully to make sure Tony didn’t start to drown or something, before readying the shampoo. Tony dunked his head briefly, wetting his hair at Steve’s command. Steve kneeled by the tub, tugging his sleeves to his elbows.
Slowly, they made their way toward Tony’s bedroom, only a few doors from the bathroom Steve had chosen. God knows how many floors, how many bathrooms, this building had.
“Thanks, I guess,” Steve rolled his eyes. His legs were aching to escape the situation, and to head towards the door so he could go for a long, hard run to sweat this off. He was a modest man, and this was a small bump in the road, nothing he couldn’t get over.
He was laughing, lying on the floor. He was wearing the same outfit as before he had left, but his hair was kept, slightly, now and his shirt had rode up during his fall.
Steve did get cold often recently. Be it pregnancy symptoms or that winter was hitting New York full force, he always felt a prickle of chill following him lately. Donned in his favourite sweats (a size bigger already, to his dismay), and a nice warm sweater, he was napping peacefully. Tony always was careful to keep the noise down as he did, never too far from Steve since Steve broke the news he was carrying his baby. Most days, Tony fiddled in his lap, keeping the camera screen of Steve’s room on nearby (“for safety purposes, Steve,”) and waited for him to wake up.
After a few days in the hospital, Steve came home with Peter. Tony had, of course, already set up a play area in the living room.
They were both hot and flushed as the heat of the room increased, their bodies intertwined. The room spun as Tony cried out and held Steve’s head, tightening his stomach as he followed Steve, his head hitting against the floor as his back lifted.
Wilson just stared at him, and Barton said, "Well, sounds like you won't be on JK's Christmas card list this year."
Hill led them over to an open table that sat overlooking the dance floor down below, and as they settled onto their chairs, Hill waved off the wait staff that had come over to take their drink order and said, "I get my own booze at these places," once the waiter had left.
The doors closed, and Natasha turned to Tony and said, "I hope you like this dress. It probably the most expensive piece of clothing you've ever bought."
He shrugged. "There's nothing really to tell. You managed. Sometimes, you had bigger things to worry about." He motioned to Tony's plate. "Eat before it gets cold. I want to get on the road pretty soon."
"Why would you even want this anyway? To be here with these people that are just waiting for you to take one false step? Make one mistake? Step out of line once? You know they'll never trust you. They'll always be waiting for you to fuck up — even that little redheaded bitch—"
And then together, because that's what they did, they set the slice of cake down on a plate, and Steve held it up and said, "Who wants the first piece?"
"Same place you got it back at the beginning of this whole mess," Tony said with a roll of his eyes.
But Steve just sighed again and dropped his arm. "If it'll make you happy," he said and pushed himself to sit up.
"—sure, yeah, there's worse people to suck off. I mean, could you imagine saying you sucked off Captain America?"
"No, I understand that," Steve said, "but the fact remains that you're a fella, and here on Earth, fellas don't have babies."
But Esmeralda just shrugged as Steve moved over to Tony and put gentle hands on his shoulders. "Well, you
Tony nodded and dug his spoon into the slop again. "Very good reading of the situation, J. Incidentally, you are not to tell Steve about this. Let him stew in his perversion for a while."
," she said in an overdramatic tone then turned her attention to Tony. "Pizza, pwease, Papa," she said and continued to hold an empty plate out to him. He grumbled under his breath but popped open one of the boxes of plain and yanked out the smallest slice.
open one of the other ones? I'm sorry. Did you think that just because you knocked me up that that meant you could order me around like some slave masquerading as a suburban 50s housewife?"
"That woulda gotten you shot during the war. Trying to blend in, you'd out yourself as an American in one second flat."
Steve pretended to think about this before he said, "No, I'm pretty sure they had that one back in my day, too."
"Aren't you the lucky woman?" she mused before something the assistant did caught her attention out of the corner of her eye, and she grumbled and said, "No, Jeannie, not like
got going on—" He made a hand-wavy motion at Tony and the general direction Steve was probably in at that, "—I don't want any of that. That's your thing, not mine. I wish you luck and happiness, but—"
Tony blinked. Oh, right. Only Bruce knew that. "Yeah— Uh, yeah. Olivia. Olivia Louise Stark-Rogers."
"A few times— Hey! Look, you're in your workshop for going on your fiftieth hour, you stop caring about that sort of thing. You just eat whatever's put in front of you, OK? Could be a filet mignon; could be a boiled boot. You eat it. You don't think about it."
JARVIS switched the station to one airing what looked to be a war epic, and Tony realized what it was at the exact second that Steve did.
"Don't, Steve!" he cried, not letting Steve get his thought out. "Don't you dare do this to me. Don't you dare try to take this away from me, too!"
There was a pot of something boiling on a hearth, a menagerie of candles with orange flames flickering in the night, and the witch herself — a thin woman with long hair and flashing eyes — sat at a table scripting something into a thick book.
Bruce had a look on his face like he was equal parts amused and disappointed, and he shook his head a little and said, "That's…OK. It's not your fault."
A sly and predatory smile stretched over the woman's lips, her eyes lighting up like she'd just secured the scoop of the year, and Pepper hissed, "Tony, let's
But Tony sat forward in his seat some, setting the blackened cellphone on the coffee table, and he folded his arms and rested his elbows on his knees and said, "Why? Why not?"
Tony made a sour face. "Oh, right. Because the original spell only lasted a week and I was back to my old self, but then she showed up again a couple months ago and decided it would be much more fun to extend its life. Why? Because she's crazy. So, now, here I am back to being a woman."
Thor shook his head. "Nay, I… I am sorry to inform you that she has once and for all been vanquished from the realms."
"Whoa!" Tony said, putting two delicate, calming hands out to Steve, and it was only then that Steve realized he'd blathered his last few thoughts aloud. "Whoa, babe, it's OK," he continued with a slight laugh, though Steve could tell Tony wasn't...sure that was really the case himself. "Look, you didn't... That was... Whatever happened back there, I wanted it just as much as you did, and I'll tell you right now, we are definitely doing that again while I'm still like this— Uh, assuming I don't turn back in, like, the next thirty seconds."
"Well, me, Barton, Banner, Natasha — other Natasha, I mean. I'm not talking about myself in third-person."
He crept closer, making sure not to make too much noise that might rouse the bastard from his sleep, and he stood over him, seeing the mess of hair and the way his mouth hung open as he had maybe the first peaceful sleep in nearly seventy years, and he took a breath and murmured, "If you hurt him in any way, I will end you," then padded off to the kitchen.
Barton swatted at him, but Romanoff said, "Tempting as it is to make jokes about this—" She put gentle hands on Tony's arm then looked to Bruce. "How serious are we talking?"
"Well," he said, safely and carefully tucking the fantasy away for another day, "who wants to live forever anyway?"
"Yeah, that sounds like Steve." He paused and considered Tony a moment then said, "I'm not really surprised Steve got himself mixed up with a fella that's kind of a woman, too, for reasons I still don't really understand, but I— I'm glad Steve found you. I'm glad he's got you. You seem— You actually seen like you actually love him and, honestly, that's all I ever wanted for him. Was never sure if he'd get it." He shrugged. "Shame the poor bastard had to wait seventy years for it, but better late than never, right?"
"She's fine, Tony," Natasha said, evidently knowing exactly what he was doing. "She was in her bassinette sleeping when we brought you back up here."
Tony met his eye, and he smiled a little and said with only the smallest amount of emotion mucking up his voice, "Are you even real?"
"Yeah," Steve said and took him by the shoulders, "but we're here now, right? And that's what counts."
"But I am, Steve! I'm used to it and this— It's something that I got used to long before I even met you."
"I could choose to be insulted," Tony said, "but instead, I'll take it for the backhanded compliment it is."
"Captain, I believe…for your own safety…you should…cease your…strenuous undertakings," Thor said as he fought to keep Steve from getting the better of him. Tony knew at that moment he was seeing not a six-foot, two hundred and forty pound super soldier but a scrappy, ninety pound weakling fighting for what he thought was right.
A minute passed and Steve couldn’t form an answer, not from lack of having one, but he wasn’t sure how to say it.
The bathroom was unreasonably huge, per Tony’s unusual sense of style, so Steve had no trouble fitting themselves in. He set Tony down on the toilet, lid closed, so he could check the water.
“Harder, that feels good,” Tony muttered, his shoulders relaxing against the edge of the tub. His head was practically out of the tub at this point, inches away from Steve’s chest.
Steve carefully stepped around the strewn glass cups littering Tony’s area, particularly the shot glasses carefully settled on their side, ready to roll away at the slightest touch.
Tony chuckled a bit and lifted Steve’s sweater slowly, revealing his rounding stomach. He stroked his belly gently, staring lovingly at his future son (“it IS a boy, Stevie, I swear it.”) Steve watched, confused, as Tony laid the headphones on each side of his stomach, before lifting his phone, the cable connected.
“What are you doing on my floor?” Steve asked, suddenly concerned what hijinks Tony was playing with. He’d been the subject of a few, admittingly good, but annoying, pranks through the years.
Tony’s mouth was hot against him, a heat Steve didn’t know he needed so bad until now. Steadily, he gripped Tony’s hair and thrust his hips, savouring the feeling of Tony’s tongue gliding across him. His teeth scraped the skin slightly, Steve’s hips arching in response as they moved quicker.
He must have stayed for at least an hour, listening to Tony sleep, before he carefully removed himself from the tangle of Tony. He watched him, seeing if he’d stir as Steve moved out of bed, but he didn’t.
Soon, as dinner finished and the dancing started, did the music play. Steve was excited to listen to something other than pounding rock for once. He moved towards the dance floor, too tired to actually dance but rather to listen. He knew nothing special would be playing at this party, and he’d always preferred the softer music.
Steve looked up at him, a lazy smile etching his face. Tony grinned back, his hand running through Steve’s messy, tufted hair.
Tony laid Peter down in his crib, jingling toys and cooing. Steve watched happily, grateful for everything he had. He turned the TV on, expecting the news to be rapid with the news of the birth of Steve Rogers and Tony Stark’s baby.
Steve quickly put his eyes down to the plate, waiting for Tony to make a remark. There was no way he hadn’t seen that, and if he hadn’t, it would be about his red neck.
Steve gently combed Tony’s hair back, slicking it against his head, before grimacing and tufting it gently so it hung over his forehead. Tony huffed, his eyes heavy, obviously exhausted.
Tony’s eyes lit up. He placed his hand on Steve’s belly, and grinned wide when he felt the thump against his palm.
Now, though, all Steve could see as he passed another building was Tony’s face etched into his memory.
Steve almost jumped when he felt the vibrations against his skin. Quickly, he regained his composure. A rhythm was playing against his stomach, through the headphones. It was - music?
Tony’s bedroom looked relatively unused, probably because it was. The bed was large, with soft, red satin sheets and a ridiculously fluffy mattress. The room was carpeted, warming both of their feet.
Something about how red they were, how empty and tired they seemed compared to a few minutes ago, made Steve’s blood cold.
Tony’s throat vibrated, but no sound came out. His eyes remained closed, twitching slightly at the water’s touch. Soon, his hair was clean.
Steve hands were chill in the warm air, that was heavy with confusion and a tight feeling in both of their chests.
Tony seemed to be sobering up, at least a little. Steve laughed quietly, slowing his movements and gently rubbing behind Tony’s ears.
It was him last night, sitting calmly in the bath, eyes closed, lips slightly ajar as Steve lathered his fingers through Tony’s thick hair, massaging his soft skin. A groan escaped Tony’s lips, and his glistening chest heaved from sweat and water, the slight glow of his arc reactor casting a light upon Steve’s face, that was inches away from Tony’s hair, smelling strongly of wonderful Irish springs and ash and metal from his shop.  His skin was hot in the cool bath water, heated against Steve’s arms and hands that rested on his body.
“Very young,” Steve agreed. Tony clicked his tongue, dismissing Steve, and turned the volume louder.
Obviously, it was. The pair watched as every news station either congratulated them or spun a story of them quitting their jobs as heros, or the dangerous fate of their baby. Steve grew tired of it, and switched the channel to a random movie playing.
Steve knew Tony was still drunk if he was admitting this. Steve swallowed, considering the implications if he entered this bed and basically cuddled with Tony Stark, and decided he didn’t care right now.
Steve didn’t have to guess hard to figure out why he didn’t want to go lower. He swallowed, and removed his hand, ignoring the small whine from Tony.
“You know I can’t be held accountable for my actions, Cap,” Tony threw over a shoulder. The same shoulder Steve had so delicately washed and dried, strong and muscled and perfect-
Tucking it to his chin, oddly cold for a body that never did get cool inside, Steve closed his eyes, and wondered if Tony would remember any of this tomorrow.
“Do you think you could fall in love with me?” Tony finished. Steve’s mouth opened, but no sound came out. He was confused, very. He didn’t know if this was the booze talking, or if the booze was giving him the true confidence he apparently lacked without it.
Dipping his finger in the water, Steve realized it was becoming cold. He reached for a rinsing cup nearby, and let it fill halfway with the water. Dipping Tony’s head, he slowly ran the water over his hair, repeating again until the shampoo was gone.
Steve leaned over and pulled the plug, the drain gurgling up the now chilling water. Steve stood and helped Tony stagger out of the tub, his body still heavy against his.
Tony stood, wobbled, and leaned on Steve’s shoulder, his towel wrapped tightly around his own. Steve led him carefully out of the bathroom, that still felt slightly steamed.
Tony stayed silent, closing his eyes and breathing out. Steve could tell he still wasn’t sober, albeit less drunk than before, but still wasn’t thinking like they normally would.
“Going for a run,” Steve muttered, thankful his exercise clothes had been closest to the bed when he woke up.  More confident, he added, “don’t destroy this place, please.”
, his hands roaming his chest, squeezing his ass, gently kneading the bulge in his pants. Steve whispered into Tony’s ear, begging for more, needing to be touched by Tony’s heated, ample hands that were working him so perfectly.
Above his bed hung a string of lights, white in colour, that shone a castly shine over his room. His bed itself was stripped of his usual blankets, and was instead laid with white stain sheets and a large, red blanket that draped over the sides. Soft, plush pillows made a mountain against the edges of the corners, ready for use.
Pouring the strong-smelling blue liquid into his palm, Steve rubbed them together, creating a bubbly mix. Carefully, he ran his hands through Tony’s surprisingly thick hair, his fingers gripping softly.
Steve eruptly stood, knocking his spoon slightly, making Tony jump. He had been silent as Steve thought, which was unusual.
Steve’s body was always on high alert, thanks to the serum, and his fatherly instincts already at full force. So when it detected the nice warmth of his blanket leaving, Steve gently arose from his sleep. He peeked his eyes, still groggy. There was Tony, admiring him sweetfully.
“Like what you see?” Tony lightly swayed his butt, laughing softly. Steve stayed silent, rolling his eyes, and lifted Tony to his shoulder.
And he should get over it, because this is a good thing. If Tony had remembered, it would’ve jeopardized their friendship, made things difficult. It was best Steve forget about it too, to protect his sanity, and the team.
Tony leaned back and nodded slowly, closing his eyes again. “Pepper couldn’t stay in love with me, either.”
Tonys chest moved steadily, the only indication he was even alive. He was still under Steve’s, or the cloths, touch.
Peter seemed to love his classical, just like his father. Steve smiled wide at how furious Tony would be. Quickly, he stood and searched the crowd for his beloved husband.
Which was good, because he needed to forget about Tony, and last night. For the team, for their friendship.
The weeks passed, and soon Steve’s belly grew huge. He wobbled whenever he walked, and was on a strict no-jeans wardrobe. It was only a matter of time before Steve held Peter in his arms, exhausted but blissfully happy. Tony was by his side, joyful tears in his eyes as he stared at his husband and newborn child.
Reluctantly, Tony gave up. It seemed alter had no interest in rock, or anything other than classical really. So instead, he hooked up the headphones and played classicals greatest hits.
Tony made a distant noise of protest as Steve rolled him slightly toward his chest, wrapping his arms around Tony’s chest and legs until Tony was safely entangled in his embrace.
“You know how long it’s been since I got a massage?” Tony drawled, his words slow and deliberate. His mind was focused on Steve’s hands exploring Tony’s head.
“I know how empty your bed felt last night, so I thought I might as well bring my bed to you,” Tony murmured. His breath was close, hitting the back of Steve’s neck.
Tony’s mouth was hot and sweet shading Steve, trailing quick kisses as he pulled the elastic of his waistband down and gave him what he needed. Steve pulled tufts of Tony’s hair, the familiar feeling sending waves through him as Tony’s lips stretched around Steve and his head ducked to envelop him further.
Steve breathed slowly as his hand, holding the cloth, steadily rubbed Tony’s chest down, leaving a trail of bubbles. It was firm and strong, even under fabric. He trailed down Tony’s arms, focusing on his sticky hands from holding the glasses, and making sure to rub the grime and sweat from the earlier days work.
Steve grabbed a towel and wrapped the thick cloth against his arms, working his way across and down until he was rubbing Tony’s stomach.
“Damn, you’re good at this,” he said quietly, still stumbling slightly on his words. Steve stayed silent, watching Tony closely.
Steve made it quick, and burst through his door, tightening his muscles for the sudden hit or blast, or a loud sound.
Slowly though, he focused on the vibrations, and realized what it was. Steve couldn’t stop his short laugh from bubbling out, making Tony jump.
Unluckily, a commercial was on. Steve watched the ad for some men’s care product, groaning at the rock playing in the background.
Steve shifted, suddenly aware how close Tony really was. His body was just slightly pressed against his, the heat radiating off him.
It became routine. Whenever he was able to - rather whenever Steve permitted it - Tony hooked up the headphones and played rock music for the baby. Steve thought it was faintly ridiculous.
Steve was thoroughly confused. He supposed this was another thing the new century did - playing music for an unborn baby. Steve rolled his eyes and closed them again, intending on sleeping and leaving his husband to his antics.
Tony closed his eyes and hummed again, louder than before. Steve gently massaged the shampoo into his head, pressing his fingertips and flattening his palms. Tony leaned slightly into the touch, the water rippling around him.
He didn’t expect a gurgle from Peter. Tony stilled, eyes widening in shock. Steve’s stomach dropped at Tony’s slow grin.
After a brief period of consideration, Steve decided to strip Tony to his underwear, and the time it’d take to make Tony stay in his bed after would dry them, anyway.
Steve reached over the pull the drain, brushing his arm against Tony’s, and paused. It was trembling slightly. Steve leaned back and frowned, looking at Tony.
And he could. Tony and him: they were an odd pair. They fought, tore at each other’s throats constantly, and couldn’t stay in the same room together for more than an hour without an argument breaking out. But on the battlefield, it was different.
The night was young still, but Steve already grew tired. He was 25 weeks now, and his baby was growing. When he had first kicked, only 3 weeks ago, him and Tony had celebrated the achievement. Ever since, Tony had been amping the rock, with the confirmation his son was in fact aware. Nothing had come from it, which Steve expected. This was another thing Tony would grow out of, he was sure.
Tomy was silent for a few seconds. He turned and leaned against the smooth wooden counter, crossing his foot slightly over the other. Steve looked up briefly at the noise, and landed upon the tight space in Tony’s crotch the crossing had created in his jeans. Steve’s neck flared.
As if to prove his point, the song ended and the music paused. Tony frowned as Peter stilled, and then his eyes widened at his dance as the next song played.
Steve melted to his knees, knocking Tony to his back. He wasted no time, feeling Tony hard and aching against his palm.
The doors closed, and after a moment, Natasha added, "I mean, I think you really gave Steve a punch in the gut, but the other guys are OK."
He'd had every intention of defending Tony's honor, but Tony had just put a hand to his arm and shook his head as though to say it wasn't worth it.
And then, Steven G. Stark-Rogers did something Tony hoped to never see the cocky son-of-a- bitch do ever again.
"Tony," Bruce said and face-palmed, shaking his head as he held his face in his hand, "there's no place for that to come out of. That's the issue here. There's no way to…expel it."
Steve reached up a little and pecked a few more kisses against Tony's lips, and Tony responded in kind before Steve said, "I don't know how to explain it, really. It's just…I got to make love to you as a man, and now I get to make love to you as a woman, and I… It's like I get to have you in every which way imaginable — physically, anyway — but it's still
Tony just sighed and waved him off tiredly, like he couldn't be bothered to fight any longer. "Whatever," he muttered, but Steve was staring at him, funny, a little awed and a little bemused and even a little unsure. He winced away from the look and blinked and said, "What?"
"I'm sure it does," Steve agreed then reached up into a cabinet and began to dig through for the paper plates.
"I can't hold her back much longer! She sees the presents. She knows they're for her. Get down here so she can open them!"
Tony just ground the heels of his palms into his eyes then peeked one eye at Bruce. "Not the issue with it, Brucie-goosey. I'd actually be very disappointed in you if that was one of your hang-ups."
"Well, you're going to need a diaper bag," Rhodey said, and as Steve made a face, Tony said, "That's not the same thing. Like at all."
Bruce snapped the gloves off then held up his hands in defense. "I wasn't going to say a word," he said with a laugh.
They exchanged looks again, and Tony said, "Look, just because it worked for us doesn't mean it would work across the board."
for anyone other than you, so, that must mean something, right? And, well, maybe there is something to it? Look, cards on the table, the first time I met you, I felt like I'd known you my whole life — and I don't just mean what dear, old Dad had talked about. Howard's 'Steve Rogers' and the real 'Steve Rogers' have some overlap, but Howard's version missed a lot of the things that make the real 'Steve Rogers' so—"
"I'm sure they have him," Natasha said. "I don't think they put him on a boat and set it on fire. They know better than that." And with a pointed look at him, she added, "They know if they did anything like that, they'd never hear the end of it from certain people."
Tony scoffed. "Yeah," he said and twisted back-and-forth on his chair some, "that would have made more sense. No, this, ah, wormhole opened up and, um—" he grimaced a bit, "—my, uh,
when it comes to directions, all right? And can I help it if this place is so poorly designed? Look, let's hope a fire doesn't break out while we're here, because I'm telling you right now, we're not going to make it, and let's hope we pass out from smoke inhalation before the flames get to us."
Tony sat in silence a moment and listened to the song, and he thought about the lyrics a second and said, "Trying to tell me something?"
Tony nodded, thankful for the distraction from the distant echoes of a life that was never his. "All of us, babe," he said and patted Steve's arm. "Don't think you're special here."
Rhodey just gave him a look as though to say, 'Are you kidding me?' then turned back to Wilson. "Why?"
"Uh, since when are we on a budget?" Barton glanced over at Tony a moment then turned back to the others. "Did Stark cut our funds and nobody told me?"
tired. He was tired of the whole thing, the whole game, and the whole charade. He was tired of pretending. It had been fun for a while, but it was too exhausting an endeavor to keep up. Yes, he was still concerned what Hydra might do with the information that there was a little super soldier in the works, but he just wanted to go out and stroll the sidewalks of New York with Steve and not have to worry about putting on a blonde wig or pretending to be someone named 'Natasha.'
in it), he showered and shaved and plucked and dried his hair and slipped into a red- and-gold silk and lace negligée. He rolled a pair of stockings up his legs and hooked them to the garter belt then watched a couple YouTube videos on the proper technique for the makeup style he thought would most impress Steve then stood in front of the bathroom mirror and tried it out on himself — fuck him, he really liked playing with makeup — and was able to come as close to the smoky look he was trying for as he figured he was going to be able to.
Steve just groaned and buried his face deeper into his hands, if that was possible, and Wilson reached out to squeeze Steve's arm in sympathy as Tony continued to nuzzle his neck.
“Why can’t it be both?” Steve mused then kissed Tony’s cheek. “Go,” he said again. “Those cries are breaking my heart.”
But Barnes just shook his head a little then turned to Steve and said, "This would be the kind of thing you'd stumble into."
And yet, he was going to be a dad, and there was a part of him that didn't care about the logistics and the logic — didn't care about the rational side of him that did nothing but work to strip away his fun. He didn't care because he was going to be a dad. He was going to have a baby — all right, Tony was the one that actually did all the work — to mold and shape and watch as he grew into adulthood. He'd wanted a son. He'd just assumed a son would be easier to raise (Clint, weirdly enough, had said something rather similar that sounded...kind of like he was speaking from experience), though he'd be lying if he said that was the only reason. He still remembered that Christmas he'd spent in the future — what he now accepted was his future — but he thought it was too good to be true that that was his future. That he would get that. It didn't matter how many things had matched up. It didn't matter that he'd gotten Tony. He just couldn't let himself believe that the life he led now and the one he'd visited a long time ago were one in the same.
