Dean burst out laughing, all other thoughts and worries forgotten for the moment. Trust that to be Cas’s takeaway from the movie.
In fact, he was seriously beginning to wonder if the super awkward atmosphere might actually drive more of a wedge between them than there had been before they came here. If they’d stayed at the bunker, they would probably have gradually worked through it at their own pace, wouldn’t they?
Dean had finally managed to spark the lighter into life, and he quickly dropped it into the box and watched its contents start to burn, before turning in time to see William’s ghost slowly being swallowed up in a ball of fire. A tear ran down his anguished face before he completely vanished.
“You what now?” Dean knew his tone was confrontational, but if Cas got put in harm’s way because Sam had downplayed the details of the case, Dean was going to be mightily pissed.
He lowered himself into a sitting position on the ground, and the cat immediately climbed onto his lap and got comfortable. She was scruffy and very thin, and Castiel guessed that she was probably homeless. He was unable to offer her a home, but he could give her companionship, even if it was only temporary. He held her carefully in his arms and rubbed between her ears, and she leaned into his hand.
“Are you having a good time?” Dean asked softly, his voice just loud enough for Castiel to hear. He had that intense look in his eye again and it suddenly felt like the two of them were in their own bubble. It made Cas smile.
He wasn’t certain if he saw it right but it seemed like Cas may have had to fight off a bashful smile before suddenly changing the subject. Dean was starting to notice little moments like that, each time he paid Cas a compliment lately there was usually a look of disbelief before suddenly Cas changed what it is they were talking about. He wasn’t sure if it was because Cas didn’t like being complimented or if they didn’t believe Dean was being truthful.
It was hard to believe that it had only been a few days ago, and so much had changed. It felt even more like they were deceiving Mimi with their performance, and it was yet another reason for him to feel like he shouldn’t be there. In fact… maybe if he left, Dean and Mimi could start a relationship. Just like when they’d visited Mimi at her house, Castiel noticed how she was obviously attracted to Dean, and Castiel was convinced they were just each other’s type.
It wasn’t like Dean to say something he didn’t mean. And knowing he was willing to share this thought meant he’d likely been thinking about this situation just as much as Castiel had. Perhaps they’d both been sifting through the past few days and wondering how they were going to address this because it had been nice those first few weeks.
“Hopefully our elusive ghost isn’t watching and wondering why we’re not carrying something heavy,” Dean chuckled as they made their way back into the house.
Aside from his brother, Dean cared about Castiel, Claire, and Jack more than anyone else in the world.
Castiel reached the kitchen and put the coffee machine on, and when it was ready, he poured himself a cup and went out into the garden to admire his plants once more. Crouching down, he began smoothing out the soil, before moving onto the next patch… and the next, and he completely lost track of time. It wasn’t until Dean appeared in the garden, a cup of coffee in one hand as he ruffled his hair with the other, and yawning softly, that Castiel realised it was late morning and Dean had only just woken up.
They drove home in complete silence, trying to settle their breathing and repeating to themself that it would all be okay.
“I’ll go to my room. I probably need a few hours of sleep,” Castiel said and as he got up, it looked like a heat haze as his surroundings wavered a bit with the movement. As if his wings didn’t want to stay hidden anymore. Castiel followed Dean’s gaze and shrugged apologetically.
If it had happened a few weeks ago, Castiel would have been worried that Dean wouldn’t have any use for him any more. But suddenly, everything had changed; he and Dean had been intimate, and it was even better than he’d imagined, and Dean had told him he loved him. If he hadn’t been so tired when Dean had spoken those words, his reaction might have been more than just a squeeze of Dean’s hand.
And if Dean was completely honest, he enjoyed the feeling of Castiel’s wings on his fingers. The tingling was so pleasant he could hardly keep himself from getting even closer to him. What it must feel like to be covered in Cas’ wing, he thought, but he immediately shoved the thought back into the furthest corner of his brain.
“Is she okay?” He asked, his heart nearly in his throat. Why the fuck would the school be calling him? He heard the woman on the other line sigh.
Although Castiel still felt strongly that he had no right to an opinion on Dean drinking alcohol, he realised Dean wanted encouragement, so he nodded and smiled in a way he hoped came across as suitably impressed.
Castiel felt Dean squeeze his hand in what was clearly supposed to be a gesture of comfort, but only served to confuse things further. It would be a lot simpler if he didn’t have such strong feelings for his friend.
It wasn’t long before Cas reappeared in the kitchen, and Dean really hoped he wasn’t drooling, because
Claire’s school though... That was a whole other story. The car pick up line was worse than traffic on a holiday weekend. Parents swerved in and out of lanes. Kids and other family members ran between cars with no regard for safety. Dean’s heart nearly gave out when a kid’s scooter came too close to comfort to his Baby’s paint job. He was probably a bit frantic as he got to the front of the line and rolled down his windshield.
Having no burning need to eat, Castiel left Dean to his food, and opened the French doors to take a look at the back garden. There was more grass and trees, and a couple of bare patches along the edges that looked like they could be used to grow flowers or vegetables. It could easily be described as idyllic.
Dean slowly lifted his gaze to find Cas watching him nervously, as he attempted to process what Cas was saying.
“It’s kinda got a Stephen King vibe, but at least it has character. What do you think, Cas?” He turned to Castiel and smiled as he gave him a quick pat on the back.
Dean clenched around Cas’s finger, and Cas moaned before surging forward and crashing their lips together. It was a kiss full of heat and passion, and as Cas added a second finger and fucked him a little harder, he seemed to be exploring Dean’s mouth with his tongue in the same manner.
It should have only taken them around three minutes to reach their destination, but Castiel felt compelled to stop every time he saw a bee on a flower.
“The hell are you doing, man?” he said gruffly when he entered the kitchen and watched the angel standing on a chair and attempting to turn off the alarm.
Castiel couldn’t really argue with that logic, although he felt a slight pang that Dean didn’t suggest they should do something more romantic to convince the ghost they were a couple. He knew there was zero chance of that happening though, so after telling Dean that his plan was a good one, they took their bags out of the trunk, then brought them into the house.
After about ten minutes and a seemingly endless succession of crappy daytime shows, Dean was about to go back to the window when Cas came through the door.
Dean’s eyes lit up at the sight of the pie, and Castiel fully expected him to start flirting with their host; after all, she was a similar age to him, attractive and pleasant,
“You got me there,” Dean said, laughing. He suddenly realised how much he’d missed this playful banter with Cas, and he resolved that he would try hard not to let awkwardness affect their friendship again. “So, what’s the verdict? Is that colour real?”
“There’s a barbecue on Sunday, two houses further up the road. Come along if you can make it; it’s at three p.m., and the whole neighborhood’s invited.” Mimi said suddenly, changing the subject and ignoring Dean’s obvious embarrassment.
Castiel fell into an awkward silence, and from Dean’s initial non-reaction, he guessed that Dean was feeling just as awkward. Except… after a short pause, Dean laughed pleasantly as he gently took hold of Castiel’s hand and said,
taught her about kindness. She’s not worried about not having money, she’s worried about her little brother having something that he needs.”
“What can I do to make this feel like home for you?” Dean asked, and Castiel barely resisted pulling Dean into the tightest hug they could manage. They were lucky to have such a perfect human as their best friend.
She smiled eagerly and they spent the rest of their little outing talking about what they could do. Claire even decided she wanted to get Jack involved onced they picked him up from school. By the time homework was finished and the three of them had eaten dinner, they went about their little project.
As close as Dean and Cas were, and as wonderful as both Claire and Jack were, Dean was very quickly realizing there was an entire side to them all that he’d never seen before. He’d known Claire always had a bit of a chip on her shoulder and that Jack was still too young to regulate his emotions… but hearing Jack break down over not having the correct pajamas or hearing Claire yell at Cas over something insignificant, Dean started to realize he didn’t quite know what to do about his littlest roommates.
Dean’s breath was coming out in little pants and his lips were warm and soft, and Castiel was already regretting the fact that this would be the only time he would get to experience how they felt. It was better than Castiel could ever have imagined and he instantly needed more, so he tilted his head slightly and pressed his lips harder against Dean’s, as Dean parted his lips and moaned into his mouth, and…
it didn’t disappoint. It was slightly larger than Dean’s, and standing proudly… invitingly, and Dean took it in his hand once more before dipping his head and wrapping his lips around it.
And that fact didn’t necessarily bother them, they still used masculine pronouns in a professional setting or with strangers because it was more often than not less hassle, but on really crappy weeks it was frustrating to have to face the reality that gender would always be something people assumed they knew just by looking at them.
Dean must’ve sensed a change in Castiel too because he asked them if they wanted to go to dinner with a few of their old friends. And for the first time in what felt like forever, Castiel didn’t even hesitate to agree.
“We’re truly sorry, William. No one should ever have to go through what you did just because of who they love. We hope you find peace now.”
With his mind whirling from the weight of everything he’d just realised, Castiel found himself unable to respond, but neither Dean, Brittany nor Matt seemed to have noticed, and had moved the conversation on to Brittany and Matt. They revealed that they had only been living in their house for a little over a year, and had never met the previous occupants of Dean and Castiel’s house. They’d heard rumours about something strange happening there, however, and were quite disappointed when Dean insisted that they hadn’t encountered anything out of the ordinary.
Dean cried out and gripped at Cas’s arms, as he wrapped his legs around Cas’s waist and dug his heels into his ass to get him deeper.
Dean waved away her apology with his free hand. “It’s okay, Mimi. We appreciate the welcome, and the heads up.”
Sam listened intently, as he always did, asking questions when relevant before coming to his own conclusion. By the time Dean was finished with his rant, he felt even more like an idiot for letting himself get so angry over dishes.
“You. Naked,” Dean groaned ineloquently as Cas put his mouth over Dean’s nipple and sucked on the little nub.
Just like the previous two days, he was drawn again to the empty flower beds, imagining it filled with roses. It was a captivating thought, and Castiel closed his eyes and pictured the flowers in a variety of colours.
The rest of the day was fairly boring. No kids to talk about what they did at school, no arguments over who got to pick a TV show, no loud toys being played with from the living room. It was strange how quiet it was.
“Yes.” Castiel nodded, and smiled back, but there was something about the way Bob was looking at him that made him feel uncomfortable; like he was being assessed, though for what, he had no idea.
Unfortunately, Castiel knew that Sam was right, and ever since the call had ended he’d thought of nothing else. That was the main reason for his change of heart about wearing something different for the barbecue; he needed to at least try to make peace with Dean, and to show that he could do as he was asked.
As the movie progressed, the intimate scenes between the two men lessened and then they were parted for a considerable length of time, and Dean silently breathed a sigh of relief.
When his eggs were ready, he ate them with all the enthusiasm of a condemned man who’d just been given his last meal, and Dean spent the entire time trying to think of an excuse to join Cas in the garden. Failing at even that, he cleaned up and took a couple of Tylenol, then went back into the living room to straighten it up.
“You need to push the button for at least 10 seconds,” Dean told him, and he watched Cas sigh with relief when the high-pitched alarm finally stopped. Dean took the frying pan and he poked at the black, charred remains of whatever it had been Cas had tried to make with a spatula, before he dumped them in the trash and put water into the pan to dissolve the rest.
Mimi looked genuinely upset for her former neighbors, until she suddenly remembered herself. “I’m so sorry. You don’t want to be hearing about that when you’ve just moved in. I hope you’ll be very happy here.”
As the sound of Dean’s wood saw faded and he took off his noise canceling headphones, his stomach started to grumble indicating it was lunch time. He’d been working all morning on a new desk design he wanted to sell on his online shop for his woodwork and he was loving how it was turning out so far.
Dean’s heart skipped a beat. He had to take a moment to swallow the bit of ice cream he just took. His voice came out a little hoarse. “What?”
Fixing the house and meeting the neighbors, huh? Sounds like you two are playing house. :D Let me know when that ghost turns up.
“Yeah, no shit.” Dean knew Cas was only trying to help, but he could apologise for his sarcasm later.
Dean watched from the front window as Cas got into their car, turning the key over and over as the hunk of junk refused to start immediately. He made a mental note to check on the car first thing in the morning, hoping he could at least try and get that thing working enough to not be one more shitty part of Cas’s days. He knew it wasn’t his job to fix it all for Cas and that if he tried, it might even be a little unwelcome but he wanted to at least do something to make things better for Cas. Too bad Dean sometimes tended to mess up a few times before he got things right.
“Thank you, Sam, but you don’t need to worry. We’ll retire, and Dean and I will grow old together.” Cas smiled at Dean, and Dean’s heart melted a little bit.
They should have realized sooner that they were taking advantage of Dean’s hospitality and were falling back into their bad habits of letting the kids have less boundaries and allowing themself to slack on their own responsibilities as an adult and parent. Castiel knew better but it was hard to try and keep their head up and act like nothing was wrong.
She didn’t seem so sure. “What about Daddy?” She asked, and Dean knew she was worried about how everything would make Cas feel. He was surprised how in tune Claire was with the way Cas was struggling emotionally lately. He knew Cas didn’t like that she worried but Dean was glad that his best friend had another person looking out for them.
It was quite inconvenient though, especially as eating spaghetti was difficult enough at the best of times. It was, however, just as delicious as everything Dean cooked, but messy, and Castiel was glad that his grace was strong enough to clean himself up after he'd finished eating. (Yes, he knew that he should probably save it for fighting the ghost if it ever actually showed itself, but cleaning himself required very little grace).
Each morning Castiel basically tore the kitchen apart trying to get the kids fed while packing their lunches. Boxes still lined the hall, though Castiel spent hours every day after dropping the kids off trying to unpack. And since the kids’ rooms weren’t exactly set up completely, they had both taken to searching through the boxes to find the toys they wanted which left the rest of the house cluttered.
Needless to say, it took a while for them to narrow down to the four agreed upon outfits. The outfits weren’t things Castiel thought they’d wear to work and since all of their work shirts were out of commission, they did decide to grab a few button ups just to be safe.
Crouching down to check the condition of the joists underneath, he pulled at it and the whole board came up, revealing an old, dusty, tin box tucked away in a corner. Lifting it out and carefully opening the lid, he could see it was full of letters, and he practically ran downstairs with it to show Cas.
Dean felt Cas’s strong arms lower him onto the bed, before crawling over him and pressing him into the mattress. Dean widened his legs, and Cas slotted right in between them as if he belonged there.
“We did. But hopefully that’s all in the past.” Castiel was quite confident that they would discuss what was on their minds in the future, even though it would mean a complete change in behaviour from both of them.
“You’re on speaker and he’s right here. We’re outside, so you don’t have to worry about what you say,” Dean interrupted. “And I’ve got a sore head, but good, apart from that.”
Cas stopped texting and looked up. “Sam interviewed the couple who lived here last. Their story corroborates everything Mimi told us.”
He realised Dean had said that because he thought Castiel might be concerned about a repeat performance of his extreme alcoholic consumption a couple of days ago. He appreciated the gesture - even though it was really none of his business how much Dean drank - and giving what he hoped was an encouraging smile, he whispered back, “That’s probably for the best. Some of the guests might have useful information, so a clear head would be advisable.”
“Is that right?” Bob didn’t look even remotely sad at learning that information, and Castiel instantly regretted having said it out loud.
“Sometimes families have to move to different houses when things in their life are different. For us, because I couldn’t find a job like my old one, we don’t have as much money.”
An hour later around lunch time, Dean did, in fact, find Castiel sprawled out on the couch, their phone in hand as they scrolled through social media.
His mixture of emotions made him unable to say anything. He saw Cas rush out of their room and out towards the sound, immediately scolding Jack from playing with Dean’s things. Dean heard Jack apologize, then saw as both Cas and Jack realized Dean was watching and heard the two of them begin their apologies to him. He waved them off in lieu of responding and announced he was going to take a shower.
Gesturing to the bedside cabinet, Dean had never been more grateful for his need to bring lube with him wherever he went. “Yep. In the drawer.”
All of that was a mere distraction, however; there were more important things on his mind, like needing to know if Dean had feelings for him. If Castiel suggested they kiss to draw out the ghost, he would finally get the confirmation he so desperately craved, so with a sudden fluttering of nerves in his stomach, he said, “I don’t think we’re ever going to see the ghost, unless we show it we’re in love. I think we’re going to have to kiss.”
She nodded. “Mommy says they’re sad because lots of stuff keeps being bad for them and they’re stressed out. She says me and Jack didn’t do anything but I know daddy always has to worry about us too.”
“Mornin’, Cas.” Dean took a mouthful of his drink, and sighed contentedly, before shooting a wink at Castiel. “This place has great service.”
“Alright, who wants breakfast? Eggs?” Dean interjected, already walking out the door without waiting for a response.
They stayed like that for a long time, until the sound of Dean’s voice calling him startled Castiel out of his almost sleep. He was well aware of Dean’s dislike of cats, so in order to lessen the chance of there being yet another issue to cause disharmony between them, he put the cat back on the ground and shooed her away.
Dean had tried to quietly enter that morning but Castiel is certain that Dean doesn’t realize his version of quiet is about as quiet as Jack trying to whisper (not very). Dean promised that once they were all unpacked and the hallways were not lined with boxes, that he would move his desk and computer into another place in the house so Castiel could have his own room. Until then, Castiel was in for annoyingly early wakeups.
Castiel forced a smile as he carefully helped Dean to sit up, then stepped back as Dean very slowly stood up. He stared down at the blanket as it fell from him, before climbing the stairs to the bathroom.
It might’ve been Cas’s wishful thinking that living with Dean would yield some chink in Dean’s perfectly scupltured
“Metatron’s spell destroyed them. I’m not quite sure how and why but they’re burnt.” He fished the feather out of his pocket. “The feathers are damaged, the ones that are left at least. They’re hideous.”
“Angels are very vulnerable when they are molting since we are rendered unable to fly until it is over.”
“You know I’m sorry about that, right, Cas? I should never have listened to Gadreel and left you to fend for yourself like that. It was such a shitty thing to do.” Dean stared down at his plate, shame washing through him at the memory of what he’d done to his best friend. It was unforgivable, but sadly, not the only bad thing he’d done to Cas in the years they’d known each other.
Sam and Eileen liked the house, but they loved Cas’s garden. Sam spent ages talking to Cas about bees, and Dean told Eileen about how he’d love to put a telescope in the attic. She teased him about being a romantic at heart, and he tried denying it, but it was no use. She was right.
Those kids, even Cas, had been through a lot over the past few years. From Kelly and Cas’s divorce that left a then five-year-old Claire a little shaken, to Cas getting laid off and moving out of their home just a few months ago, the three of them probably hadn’t felt like they could really be settled. And since Dean was probably the biggest asshole to ever walk planet earth and had made them feel uncomfortable in settling into the home he
“Aren’t we going out?” Castiel asked, hesitating for a moment. Did Castiel not just tell Dean they were going to their room to change for the night?
Once they reached the car, Dean said in a low voice, “We should be careful what we say in there. It might be listening.”
“It’s a good movie!” Cas declared, already prepared to argue with Dean until he relented. (Dean would never deny Cas their favorite movie, but it was still funny to watch them get riled up).
What Dean expected was that Cas would brush him off and they’d go back to watching the movie. Dean would be satisfied with knowing Castiel thought he looked similar to one of Cas’s celebrity crushes, and that would be that. Instead, Cas looked at Dean like he was an idiot. Their head tilted to the side and their voice softened enough to make Dean’s heart stutter.
While Cas looked for what he wanted, Dean barely paid attention; he was too preoccupied with what had happened when their hands touched. What with that, plus the stare-athon they'd engaged in a few minutes earlier, there was a lot on his mind. He watched absentmindedly as Cas peered at different bags, until he found what he required and picked up a bag labelled ‘mulch’.
Dean sighed at the thought of it all being pretend, but although he couldn’t have what he really desired with Cas, he could still have his friendship. He would be damned if he was going to lose that.
As they waited, Cas became more and more anxious about how Sam would react to their new relationship status, which Dean thought was adorable as fuck. He was certain Sam would be fine with it, but he enjoyed all the reassuring hugs he had to give Cas anyway.
Did I watch too many YouTube videos about molting and totally fucked up my YouTube recommendations? Maybe.
He turned to her with a smile, hoping she was through being angry for the day, “Hey kiddo? What’s up?” There was hesitance in Claire’s gaze and he worried for a second something was wrong. “Claire? Are you okay?”
As he emptied the first bottle and went in search of a second, he realised that he should let Sammy know about their discovery. It took him a few moments to focus on the phone screen well enough to pull up the number, then he poured himself another glass of whiskey as he held the phone to his ear and listened to it ring.
they couldn’t do that, could they? Which two of them would even do it? Definitely not him and Sam. Dean shuddered internally at the thought.
“That’s it,” Patricia said, with a laugh. “From now on, no invites for anyone who’s gonna make the rest of us look bad.”
Dean didn’t know what to say to fix this or make it suck less, so he slid his arm around Cas’s shoulders and pulled Cas into a side hug, relishing the way Cas rested their head in the crook of Dean’s neck. They sat that way for a few minutes as Cas took control of their feelings. Dean wished he never had to let go.
“I think she’s gone now, Dean,” Cas eventually said, pulling his arm back and stepping away a couple of feet.
He nearly sprinted from the parking lot to the front office where he saw Claire sitting in an oversized chair, kicking her feet back and forth with her glare of death directed at the front office manager.
Steeling his resolve, Castiel abruptly removed his hand from Dean’s mouth. With a gruff, “I’m sorry, Dean,” he pushed forward to brush his lips over Dean’s.
“I’m going to go check on Jack,” Castiel announced once the bed was out and all that was left were boxes and a few more trinkets that Claire seemed determined to pack herself. They stood and wiggled their legs a few times, trying to shake feeling back into them. “I’ll let you finish packing up the rest of this. Dean and Sam are going to grab everything we already packed up though, okay?” At least they got a head nod from her before leaving the room.
“I don’t remember seeing this mug before. I like what’s on it, though, even though I don’t understand the reference.” Castiel traced a finger over the words.
“That’s awesome, Sammy. Really awesome.” Dean had been ecstatic for his brother, of course. But it was hard not to feel a pang of jealousy, knowing he wouldn’t get Cas back like that.
Sam shook his head sadly. “As if the LGBT community doesn’t get enough shit already, now it looks like we’ve uncovered a homophobic ghost too.”
When it was time for them to leave, Dean wished the kids good luck and the three of them headed out the door.
“So, you and Cas? You could pass as a couple, couldn’t you?” Sam wasn’t joking; in fact, he looked deadly serious.
“Claire, honey, let me at least get the tangles out of your hair,” Castiel pleaded. They’d been trying to help Claire get ready for her first day at her new school but she was not amused.
Cas reached over and pulled out the purple bottle, then read the label as if it contained the secrets of the universe. “I hope I do this correctly. I’ll try to be gentle.”
“I…,” Cas started, clearly embarrassed, but he pulled his eyebrows to a frown and stared at the frying pan as if he wanted to smite it for merely existing.
Lunch was a simple meal of turkey sandwiches and potato chips which they ate on the back patio since the sun was bright and warm in the sky. Dean tried to talk about anything under the sun that would distract Castiel from the stresses of their job. Dean knew the Gas-N-Sip was a touchy subject for his friend.
It was just a field trip, they knew that logically. Yet it felt like so much more. What other experiences would they be unable to provide for their kids if their life continued on this trajectory? Would there be more field trips and eventual class trips they’d miss out on because Castiel wouldn’t be able to afford to evenly split costs with Kelly? Would Kelly resent Castiel for not truly dividing their responsibilities fifty-fifty?
They stayed in bed even after Claire took Cain out of the room. Castiel had been a bit of a bad influence on Dean, keeping the man in bed sometimes an hour or longer after his alarm clock went off, but it was a Saturday morning and this meant there was no school or work that forced them to actually get up and be adults.
Charlie was in the middle of talking about her plans to adopt a new kitten when Dean finally joined the conversation.
Deciding to focus on something else, he asked, “Hey, it’s your turn to pick the movie tonight. Did you think of something yet?”
She didn’t say anything for a long while but Castiel could hear her trembling breaths and knew she was still crying. They knew there wasn’t more to say at the moment so they pulled themself up off the floor. It was as they reached to grab the doorknob, Claire said the most hurtful words she could muster.
Cas hadn’t started eating yet, but instead had a carrot skewered on his fork and was poking at it with a curious look.
Castiel had already started the process of updating their resume and was actively searching for job listings online yet so far the few places they applied to had yet to give them a call. They felt like a human failure. They had a masters degree, references, and years of experience yet they still couldn’t find a job above an hourly convenience store worker. Castiel didn’t think working at the Gas-N-Sip was beneath them, they had wonderful, intelligent, and talented coworkers, but actively seeking out another opportunity and repeatedly being turned down made Castiel question their own value.
Their jaw ached with the force of trying to hold back tears, but the waterworks had already started to fall, “I don’t want her missing out on opportunities because of me.”
Cas. You’re family. This is your home too.” Dean’s gaze was intense as he looked over at Castiel. “You know that right?” Castiel didn’t know what to say. It was kind and considerate of Dean to allow them all to live there, rent free even, but to say it felt like home would be a lie. Perhaps Dean was able to read Castiel’s thoughts because his shoulders drooped that much more. “I don’t want you to leave,” he eventually said.
played on a reel in Dean’s mind. It wasn’t the first time Cas had ever said it to him. Every so often Dean would wear a new outfit or cut his hair a different way and Cas would casually mention they thought Dean looked nice, but outright telling Dean they thought he was handsome was not something Dean could remember happening before. His cheeks heated instantly.
By midday the house was sparkling from top to bottom, and Dean was sitting in the kitchen drinking a cup of coffee when Cas came back inside. Dean gave his friend a welcoming smile, and pointed to the coffee machine.
When Cas smiled and did a little spin for them, Dean realized that even years after accepting that he was going to be the cool uncle with the classic car who could build all of Claire and Jack’s furniture; after getting used to the place in Cas’s life and in Claire an Jack’s life, he’d never been able to fall out of love.
"Oh man, Mimi, this pie is awesome," Dean said around a mouthful of food, before turning to Castiel, and watching expectantly as he brought some pie to his own mouth.
Castiel knew that repeating Dean’s hurtful words from yesterday had been childish - and ultimately pointless, considering that Dean didn’t even seem to remember saying them - but it had given him a moment’s satisfaction, at least.
“She’s gotten into some trouble and we were unable to reach either parent listed. You’re the first person listed on the emergency contact list.”
Dean immediately added some nightlights to his shopping list on the fridge, and when Jack came into the kitchen after getting dressed, he made sure to tell the kid that he could always come into Dean’s room if he was scared or needed help as long as he knocked if the bedroom or bathroom doors were closed. Easy breezy, problem solved.
Dean set one plate down in front of Castiel, then sat down with his own food and pointed at it with his fork. “Meatballs and spaghetti. And yeah, I know I ain’t no lady, and…” he raked his eyes over Castiel, “...you’re definitely not a tramp.”
Castiel put the cat back down and sipped on his coffee again as Dean kissed him gently on the cheek.
Dean looked embarrassed and rubbed the back of his neck with his hand, as he always did when he wasn't quite sure what to say. "Yeah. I mean thanks." He looked down at the ground and scuffed at it with his toe.
It only lifted when later, just as Castiel was about to head to bed themself, Dean said, “come here,” pulling Castiel into a hug. “Welcome home, pal.”
Castiel looked through them, eventually deciding on one in which Dean was blowing him a kiss. Dean’s arm was slung around Castiel’s shoulders, and they both looked blissfully happy.
He couldn’t imagine what the hell Claire had gotten into that they needed an adult to come get her. She didn’t seem to be acting out anymore at home. She seemed almost happy lately too, especially since Kelly had been able to come over last weekend and help Claire with redecorating her room. It was a shock to hear she was getting in trouble.
Once he’d got the coffee machine going, he stared absentmindedly out of the window as he waited. He wasn’t sure what to think about the events of the previous day, but he knew he needed to stop feeling angry at Dean. After all, he’d had a lifetime of being told that anything other than heterosexuality was wrong, so it really wasn’t his fault that he reacted with disgust when he realised the truth about the letters.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean said huskily, his lips red and eyes dark with desire as he leaned back in for another kiss.
They went back into the house, and Dean started cooking the burgers while Cas disappeared briefly to hang up his coat. He reappeared in the kitchen a few moments later, and sat at the breakfast bar to watch Dean work.
Cas propped himself up on his elbow and watched Dean’s expression, as a slick finger began circling and probing at his entrance. It was so very typical of Cas to make Dean feel both unnerved and cared for at the same time, and Dean nodded in encouragement as Cas’s finger slipped past the ring of muscle. It was a strange sensation, but not unpleasant, and Dean was already sure that it would be the best sex ever.
“I’m gonna go mingle and leave you two lovebirds alone.” Mimi headed straight towards Mark and there was something about the way she stood too close to him and didn’t stop smiling, that suggested Castiel had possibly been mistaken about her attraction to Dean.
Castiel never wanted the kids to think that going through hard times and feeling sad or overwhelmed were things that needed to be hidden away for the sake of others. So, they chose to be honest. Chose to explain what it meant to be laid off from a job, to be unable to find employment that suited one’s skills, to struggle to pay for luxuries like name brand foods, clothes, or the latest technology when they weren’t necessary for comfort.
“Guess your grace must be pretty low, huh? But don’t worry, even if you become full human again, I won’t be kicking you out of the bunker. You’re stuck with me…
He turned over in the bed, expecting to see Dean still sleeping, but he was wide awake and smiling fondly at Castiel.
“I was thinking we could swing by the Roadhouse and grab takeout for dinner. Burgers and fries sound good?”
“You can talk to me, you know,” Dean said unexpectedly. It made Cas stop what they were doing and look at their friend, silently questioning Dean’s words. “You’re upset. You can vent to me if you want to. I’m always up for listening.”
Cas’s mood was understandably still a little low for the next few days over the job interview but it didn’t deter them from continuing to apply and schedule interviews. In fact, Dean was pretty certain Cas was doubling down on the applications and he was starting to get a little worried. Cas hardly came out of their room anymore except to take the kids to school. They weren’t even eating lunch with Dean like they had been, instead, it seemed like they were surviving off of prepackaged meals or likely food from the gas station.
Mimi stepped closer and smiled at him kindly. “Ah, don’t worry. It’s only obvious to me because I’ve seen you more relaxed. But we’ll look after you, won’t we, Dean?” she added in a playful tone.
“Nora, you promised me I could have this shift until next month…. No, I know that Jackie just had the baby… Yes, I understand that Gary needs to keep this shift… I know but you told me that… I understand… No, it’s fine I’ll figure something out.”
As Castiel inched his face closer to Dean’s, their bodies pressed together and he tried not to enjoy the way it felt. Reminding himself that he was angry, he glared at Dean, who stared back with his eyes widened in surprise. His breathing had become rapid and shallow, and his chest was heaving.
They repeated in their mind. Even if they taught Claire and Jack that they were allowed to have big feelings as long as they took the time to talk about them, it still didn’t mean Castiel’s knee jerk reaction wasn’t to yell when they were disrespectful. It was a constant learning curve for them too.
“What about you?” Patricia asked quickly, as if she was trying to deflect attention away from them. “Was it love at first sight for you two?”
There was no clicking of a clock, no rhythmic dripping of water in the sink, but the air conditioning turned on and off twice before Claire finally decided to speak.
He felt like shit. He’d always known he wasn’t exactly a stellar guy. He drank a little too much, he had commitment issues, he cursed way too often, but he never thought he was someone who made his friends, no, his
“Nice comeback,” Dean said once he’d swallowed his mouthful of coffee. “I’m so proud.” He wiped an imaginary tear from his eye and sniffed exaggeratedly.
It was Film Studies that Dean had sat next to the most pretentious, uppity, asshole known to man. At least that’s what Dean’s first oppression had been when he’d seen the person sitting next to him wearing a button up, slacks, and a vest to a class that most others were wearing ripped jeans and dirty sneakers. He hadn’t expected to talk to the snobby rich kid, but once their professor had gone through the syllabus and told them of the movies they would be studying, Castiel had leaned over and whispered how they’d never heard of a single one of those movies.
She sighed, and though she tried to hide her exhaustion behind a smile, Castiel could tell she needed some rest.
Castiel allowed himself to really look at Dean’s face, and it didn’t matter that he’d known him for twelve years, the beauty before him still took his breath away. It wasn’t just his external beauty either; Dean’s soul shone as brightly as the first time Castiel had seen it in Hell.
“I just thought, y’know… isn’t it time we gave ourselves a break? I feel like we deserve a rest. I’m forty two now, for fuck’s sake.”
“Like ducks? I read somewhere that they change all their feathers and can’t fly for some time,” Sam asked, because of course this was something his nerdy brother would ask.
“Cas? You’re here? I thought… I thought you were gone for good.” Dean stood rooted to the spot, as he battled to fight through all the emotions that threatened to overwhelm him.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Dean disagreed. He scooted across the bed until he could pull Cas into a hug and whispered, “You deserve everything Cas.”
What Cas had said about knowing that he couldn’t have the one thing he wanted, well… Dean had no idea what he’d meant by that, so instead Dean focused on the fact that he was also pissed. Pissed at the Empty for giving Cas such a shitty ultimatum, but even more pissed at Cas for taking it and then not saying a word all that time. It turned out that he’d even sworn Jack to secrecy, for fuck’s sake. No matter what Cas’s motivation was, putting himself at risk and getting their kid involved was not okay, and Dean resolved that if he ever saw Cas again, he would tell him so. Of course, it was true that Sam and Dean had both made multiple deals over the years, but for some reason, the thought of Cas making this one had really gotten to Dean.
“I believe these stairs will be much quieter than the ones we’re used to,” Castiel said, smiling, before climbing the rest.
Once he was under the spray, he wrapped his hand around his cock and began to stroke it, as he trailed the fingers of his other hand over his nipples. He tried as hard as he could to keep his fantasy fixed on being in the middle of a threesome with Steve McQueen and Yul Brynner, but
Cas stared at him and he stared back, and not for the first time, Dean got lost in an ocean of blue. Cas’s chest was heaving as if he couldn’t quite catch his breath, and although at first Dean thought that it was because he’d caught Cas unawares, he began to wonder if there was something else going on.
Mimi came rushing out of the house to meet them, even before they had reached the bottom step. “Dean, Cas, how lovely to see you.”
Once they were alone again, Cas pulled Dean into a hug. “That went well,” he murmured into his neck.
“Okay, Dean. Calm down.” Sam didn’t sound so amused, all of a sudden. “I called to tell you that I found some information on your William. His last name was Rogers… died in 1954. There’s a huge mystery surrounding his death though; the official findings were that it was suicide, but his family said that that wasn’t true. His mom insisted that he was murdered, and that would fit with the history of murders in that house.”
Sam looked genuinely upset for Cas. “Oh man, I’m sorry. Is there anything you can do to reverse it?”
Of all the days for the slushy machine to stop working, that particular day was definitely not ideal. Especially with the overly chatty customer watching Castiel the entire time and trying to engage in conversation. Usually, Castiel enjoyed getting to know the people who ventured in and wanted to talk to them, opposed to the rude customers who wouldn’t even say thank you for wishing them a good day. But on an already crappy day, having the added crappiness of this teenager repeatedly calling Castiel ‘sir,’ ‘dude,’ and ‘mister,’ though as polite as Castiel knew the kid was trying to be, still added to the shit.
“Er, yeah. It was.” Dean didn’t know what more to say after that, so he kept quiet and disappeared into the kitchen.
Dean shook his head and held his hand up. “No, no… we definitely want to stay here. It’s just, we were gonna tell you we’re not coming back, and we thought you might be upset.” Dean knew it was stupid to be pissed at Sam not being upset, but since when did he say the sensible thing?
Dean clenched around Cas’s fingers again, and Cas groaned into his mouth before breaking off the kiss and resting his forehead on Dean’s collarbone.
This could have been because, rather than displaying worry or annoyance over Castiel’s desire for food, Dean actually seemed delighted.
Castiel woke to the sudden weight of their kitten, Cain, pouncing onto their chest. They pet the cute ball of black fur for a few moments before depositing him onto Dean, who was still sleeping next to them. It still amazed Castiel every morning that this was their new normal. They got to fall asleep every night with Dean’s arms around them and wake up every morning and snuggle right into the crook of Dean’s shoulder, as their partner slowly arose.
“Thank you so much. I’m so glad to see you all,” Castiel said cheerfully, opening their arms for Jack’s hugs.
“Well, it turned out to be William. That was a twist, I can tell you. It looks like he did take his own life, likely because he couldn’t be with the man he loved, and all those years as a ghost warped him until he hated anything that was gay. We had to burn the letters and the photo.”
“Because Dean will get mad?” Jack asked, like it was a casual conversation the three of them had had before. It was one thing to feel as if he’d made Cas and the kids feel unwelcomed, but to hear Jack ask such a simple question made Dean’s heart ache.
Of course Dean wanted everyone to think that the two of them were a happy couple, but his willingness to embrace the lie so enthusiastically was unexpected. The way he’d made sure to highlight his heterosexuality over the time they’d known each other hadn’t prepared Castiel for how unfazed Dean obviously was by these people thinking he was gay. It was an interesting realisation, especially when recalling how Dean had voiced his concerns that he couldn’t pass as gay when Sam had first told them about the case.
As much as her words warmed him, he couldn’t focus on the ‘potential step-dad’ side of it. All he heard was how much she’d noticed Cas’s sadness.
Cas swung at William as Dean searched for the iron poker he’d left by the banisters, then working together, they managed to banish William yet again. With barely a moment to catch their breath, they barrelled into the bedroom, and Dean rushed over to the closet.
“Kelly and I–we uh–we’ve encouraged the kids to know their body parts, anatomically, and we’ve instilled it in them to ask questions if they’re curious. It’s for their protection in case something happens or they’re hurt in any way. But Jack is still learning about his body parts and hasn’t quite developed tact.”
It was hard for Castiel to wrap their mind around the fact that they may have made a huge mistake moving in with Dean.
“You don’t have to make a decision now, or soon, but I just want you to know you have people on your side Cas. You don’t have to keep doing any of this alone. I don’t want you to do any of this alone.”
Dean checked his emails every morning as well as his online shop to check for any new orders, complaints, or requests. He usually spent thirty minutes to an hour each day replying back to messages, completing invoices, and ordering materials. Today there weren’t as many pressing concerns and only one new order to log, so he didn’t need to spend too much time doing office work.
Castiel was momentarily torn. He could happily stay in the garden - and not just because he wanted to avoid Dean - but that wouldn’t help solve the case, would it? Plus, he was actually pretty hungry, so he went for grateful, but deliberately not too friendly. “I’d like that. Thank you.”
Woodworking had been something Dean had fallen into by chance, when he had to take woodshop in highschool since weights had been filled. He’d grumbled and groaned in the guidance counselor's office but now looking back he was thankful she’d been insistent he take the class because he ended up having a knack for it.
Dean was the only being Castiel had ever thought of in that way, but he couldn’t exactly admit to that, even though the indications from that afternoon seemed to be pointing to Dean having feelings for him too. Castiel had never been very good at reading the signs in that respect though, and he had to be certain before he did anything about it. So he shook his head and lied, “No. I wasn’t.”
Dean could sense Cas staring intensely at him, as if his reaction was the most important thing to him. Cas had always treated Dean as if he was some kind of guide to human behaviour, and Dean had never really understood it until that speech of his in the bunker. But, Dean mused, maybe he should be happy to accept that role.
Castiel interrupted again, wanting the conversation over with as quickly as possible. “No, I’m perfectly fine. Sam, however, would probably appreciate a phone call later.”
It looked like Cas quickly wiped at their eyes as Dean took a seat next to them. “Sorry. I just needed a minute.”
Dean peered curiously at him for a moment. “That’s not exactly why-” he started, before obviously thinking better of it and changing the subject. “See any likely candidates?”
“No. Thanks to you, I’m fine. But I’m very sorry… I made this harder for you than it should have been.”
Castiel hated that they knew they had to accept Dean’s kindness in paying for the battery, at least until they got another paycheck, but the least they could do was wait as their friend changed the battery out. “I promise I’ll pay you back, but no need to call Bobby. Me and the kids will go with you. It’s fine if they’re out past bedtime this once.”
He didn’t know what he was planning to say to make things right. He felt awkward enough just trying to form the correct words to apologize for overreacting. How was he supposed to bring up laying down house rules with Cas? Cas was a fully grown adult who had been raising Jack and Claire without any of Dean’s assistance for years. Cas was the one who knew Claire and Jack better than Dean ever would. Cas was the one who established rules and discipline. Who was Dean to try and question any of what Cas had already established with the kids?
“No, that’s what I was trying to tell you. I took it upstairs, and… it’s in the closet in the bedroom.”
Of course at that moment Jack moved one of the trucks too hard and Dean’s pile of paperwork he’d had neatly piled came tumbling to the floor along with all of his pens.
“Dean, Cas, I hope you’ll be real happy here. It’s a shame about the fellas who lived here before you… really great guys. Zander and Dan. They spent months remodelling the entire house, coming and going every weekend. Then almost as soon as they moved in, well… I don’t believe in ghosts, but something strange happened. Must’ve been an intruder, which nearly killed Dan.”
Now, his heart wasn’t in his throat, nor was he going to chicken out. Not with the way Cas was openly gazing at Dean with so much love in their eyes. The magnetic pull he’d always felt was stronger than ever. So, instead of saying goodnight, Dean whispered
He knew his smile was obnoxious, but he was taken aback by Cas’s declaration. Dean had been compared to many actors over his life but never by Cas, and never an actor in one of their favorite movies.
“Damn, that’s beautiful,” Mandi said, pulling him out of his thoughts as her eyes shone with tears. “I’m a sucker for a good love story.”
Dean bobbed his head a few times, taking more of Cas’s cock in each time. Cas sounded completely wrecked, and his hands gripped at Dean’s hair as Dean teased his balls with his hand.
“That secretary job? They canceled the second interview. Said they found someone for the position already.”
Dean sipped on his drink and looked around the garden, before declaring, “I’m gonna talk to some of the neighbors for a bit. It’s gonna look a bit weird if we both lurk in the shadows all afternoon. You can stay here, though, and I’ll tell you if I find out anything helpful.”
As they followed him through the house and out into the back yard, Castiel marvelled at how easy it seemed to be for Dean to connect with people. Of course, he’d had many more years than Castiel to develop his social skills, but it wasn’t just that; Dean had a way of understanding people and working out very quickly how to talk to them.
He didn’t know how to broach this subject. How was he supposed to tell them all that they were kind of a mess and needed to be better about cleaning up after themselves? He tried to reason with his own thoughts, remembering each time Cas came back home and told Dean he’d been planning to clean up. Dean just couldn’t wrap his head around how it all got so messy. Wouldn’t it be easier if lunches were packed the night before? If they picked out their clothes the night before and prepped their backpacks by the front door?
He heard the sound of footsteps once more and walked out to meet Cas at the bottom of the stairs. Cas had picked one of Dean’s henley’s and was tugging at it uncomfortably as they hit the bottom step.
A few hours later as Dean kicked back on the couch, after getting the lasagna into the oven, Jack played contently with a puzzle in the corner of the living room. The slight creaking sound Dean had long remembered came from his old bedroom door signaled to him that Claire finally decided to come out of her room. He expected her to still be giving him the silent treatment and perhaps just using the bathroom but after a while he realized he was being watched by little eyes in the hallway.
Well now… what a question that was. At this exact moment, Dean couldn’t remember the last time he’d enjoyed something as much as witnessing the sheer pleasure Cas was getting out of his gardening, but other than that…
Bob shook his head sadly. “You disappoint me, Cas. I was hoping you might be interested in… something different?” He placed his hand on Castiel’s arm and let it linger there, and Castiel froze as he processed what Bob was suggesting.
Did Dean really think offering Castiel and their children a home was so simple? How was this man real?
Thankfully, Cas seemed to catch on to what Dean was doing, and he placed his arm around Dean’s back before resting his hand lightly on his hip. Dean couldn’t deny that it felt good to have Cas’s hand there…
Looking as excited as a kid who’d just been told they were going to the candy store, Cas said, “I’ll meet you by the car,” before striding back out to the front of the house.
They eventually made their way into Dean’s garage and there, the sight of Cas sitting on the counter next to Dean’s toolbox, ready to hand Dean any tool he needed made Dean’s heart stutter in his chest. It was a sight Dean had ingrained into his memory from years ago, laughing and joking while Dean worked. He used to be able to get Cas to try their hand at woodworking too but his friend had been kind of useless at it and was usually too timid to even go near the wood saw. Cas did like to paint, stain, or finish Dean’s work but it had been years since they’d had the time to do so.
To Castiel’s surprise, and Dean’s too, Bob didn’t look remotely fazed by Dean’s tone, or his threat to expose his behaviour to John.
“Hey Cas, I’m just calling to let you know I have Claire, she’s perfectly fine. I’ll explain everything when you get home. I called Kelly just now and left a message too so you both don’t have a heart attack.”
Their friend was ridiculous but Castiel knew they weren’t about to turn down an opportunity to spend a day with their best friend. Dean could’ve asked them to go watch people wash their cars and Castiel would have agreed. Any time they got to spend with Dean was something they savored.
So, here they were now, five weeks after they’d begun writing their own story. Sam, of course, didn’t have a clue what was up between Dean and Cas, but he knew well enough not to pry.
Just as Dean was wondering if that would be as far as they would go, Cas suddenly ground against him, hard, and gasped into his mouth before breaking off the kiss. Dean grabbed hold of Cas’s ass to pull their lower halves closer together, then rolled his hips against Cas’s, arching slightly off the bed to get more contact. Dean loved that he could feel the proof of Cas’s arousal through his jeans, and he couldn’t wait to see it, because
Currently Jack and Claire were doing fine in the backseat of Dean’s car watching something on Dean’s phone, but Castiel knew it wouldn’t be long until the two of them were complaining about being hungry and tired.
Summoning as much fortitude as possible, Castiel dialed the number and waited until the sound of their best friend’s voice was on the other end.
Castiel’s chest was tight with emotion. There were so many things they wanted to say, so many things they wanted to do, but just as quickly as they’d trapped themselves in their little bubble, it popped and their friends brought them back into the fold. The intensity in which that moment held made it hard to fully dive back into what their friends were saying, but Dean seemed to be of the same mind as Castiel and moved even closer in their seats, just to chase the electricity between them a little longer.
“Dean, I’m quite capable of having conversations with these people.” Castiel realised that his tone was harsher than he had intended, and the shocked look on Dean’s face told him he needed to explain.
Knowing she had the upper hand, Claire glared at her little brother just to urk him more. “Yeah you are.”
But there was something else that was bothering him too; something that Dean didn’t know anything about. When Castiel was on his call with Sam earlier, Sam expressed frustration at the lack of any progress regarding the ghost and had proposed a solution.
They never did. And Dean just assumed that the way he felt wasn’t the same as the way Cas did, and that was okay. They were still best friends and Dean knew they would be by each other’s sides forever, and they were. Through bad first date stories, to break ups, to Cas’s wedding, the death of one, then both of Dean’s parents, late night ‘I’m drunk and need a ride home’ phone calls, the birth of both Claire and Jack… Cas was the most important person in Dean’s life. So when Cas had called and said they needed somewhere to stay, Dean hadn’t hesitated for a moment.
Dean wanted more - so much more - but he was perfectly okay with Cas setting the pace, and moving forward when he was ready. For now, Dean was happy with the endless kissing, and them getting to know one another in an unfamiliar way. He’d always assumed that if they ever actually did anything like this, they would be passionately ripping each other’s clothes off within seconds, but it seemed that after that initial attempt at speeding things up over by the dresser, they were both content with taking their time feeling, tasting, touching.
Cas appeared thoughtful, as they stared at each other intensely. It was strange; they used to do that a lot, but lately, not so much. In fact, Dean couldn’t remember the last time it had happened.
“Oh,” Dean huffed, feeling a bit okay with that answer. It was at least something he could remedy soon.
Understanding dawned on Cas’s face and he nodded. “You’re right. I shouldn’t have mentioned Sam interviewing the previous occupants.”
It was true; unfathomably, Castiel had received unwelcome attention of that nature too many times to count. He sighed, “No, it’s not.”
Cas was catching on quickly. One moment they were kissing tenderly, and the next it was hot and heavy, and gloriously messy, as Cas apparently couldn’t decide between devouring Dean’s mouth or trying to relieve him of his clothes.
While he didn’t know the history of LGBT+ rights in the United States, he was pretty sure that any kind of relationship between William and Richard would have been illegal (hence Richard marrying, and begging William to leave him alone). Hell, it was hard enough even these days for too many non-heterosexual people; it must have been impossible in the fifties. No wonder Richard had used an assumed name and William had hidden the letters.
She sat down on the ground, her back turned to Castiel, her arms crossed in front of herself. Castiel wanted to pull her into their lap and hug her, to apologize for not being able to provide her the stability she seemed to crave, but they knew a hug would be unwelcome at this particular moment.
“It was supposed to be a rhetorical question, Cas. But I got your answer loud and clear." Dean started to head back into the house, but stopped and turned back to Cas again.
Castiel knew she was hurting, knew it was her way of trying to even the playing field, but those words tore out a piece of them. They wiped at the tears that fell down their jaw and tried not to let her hear the anguish she’d just caused him.
The whole day had felt like a rollercoaster; every time it seemed like he and Cas came close to being comfortable with each other, something went awry again. It felt more and more like the foundations of their whole friendship was on rocky, constantly shifting ground, and Dean was beginning to fear that it might never stabilise again.
“No-” Cas started, and Dean suddenly wanted to throw up. Of course, Cas had to make it look convincing, and… his facial expressions must have betrayed his emotions, because Cas held up his hand and shot Dean a stern look.
Dean came up behind him, and squeezed him on the shoulder again. “I’m kinda disappointed it isn’t creepier inside. But at least we’ll… I’ll get a good night’s sleep, I guess.”
“Don’t forget to tip your server,” Castiel replied deadpan, and he enjoyed the way Dean nearly choked on his drink.
Dean ended the call and was about to try talking to Cas again, but he’d already gone back to his plants.
Dean could already tell Cas was shaping up for a bad day. He hoped for his friend’s sake that it wasn’t going to be made worse by some of the awful customers who walked in and out of the gas station at night.
Castiel spoke from the heart when he said, “It’s been the most important time of my life, so I’ve memorised each and every day.”
Dean looked up to see a woman standing in the doorway by the reception window. She was shorter, with a tight blonde bun, and was wearing a brown matching skirt-suit. She looked how most generic principals in movies did.
“Dean, I- Cas and me… we were just talking.” Bob smiled over at him again, and Castiel could almost feel the anger rolling off Dean.
Dean did not, in fact, remember all of the songs but with the help of the internet, they were able to figure out some tips and tricks to help Claire with the math problems. She wasn’t entirely confident in her work and was easily disappointed in herself if she didn’t get the correct answer on the first try, but she also wasn’t shutting Dean’s help out and Dean took that as a win.
Castiel thought, but he didn’t say it. He understood social norms well enough by now to know that Mimi was making small talk. “Hello, Mimi. We did indeed make it,” he said, as Dean greeted her with a hug.
Despite Castiel’s best efforts, that spark of hope flared inside him again. He really didn’t want to be wrong this time, but as the afternoon turned into evening and Dean continued to compliment him at every opportunity, everything pointed to him being right.
He knew the irrationality of Cas’s mind when they were stressed, so Dean knew better than to feel insulted that Cas didn’t immediately think of this solution. They were on good terms now, even though Dean hadn’t fully forgiven himself for being a shitty friend.
“Dean… I’m Dean,” he said. “And this is Cas.” He moved into Cas’s personal space and wrapped his arm around his friend’s shoulders. They were supposed to be a couple, after all.
When the house was quiet and the kids were long asleep, both of them stood in the hallway looking at each other in the way they had been all night. It was clear neither one of them seemed to want to say goodnight.
A silence fell between them, and just when Dean thought it would become so oppressive it might crush them both, Cas spoke again.
Dean sighed and continued not looking at Castiel for a few moments, as the pleasant atmosphere between them disappeared. “Yeah,” he said so quietly Castiel almost missed it, before saying more decisively, “well, let’s go talk to some people.”
Bob took a step closer to him, and his smile turned practically demonic. “Oh, yeah, I do like a guy who can make me laugh. How about you? What do you look for in a partner?”
Dean had a sour feeling in his stomach, and he couldn’t look at Cas as he gathered up the letters and photograph, and stuffed them back in the tin. He knew they should talk about what they’d just discovered, but it might lead them into a conversation about his sexuality that he wasn’t ready to have.
He woke up to the alarm of the smoke detector only a few hours later. When he opened the door to the hallway, sleepily and bleary-eyed, he was welcomed by the smell of burnt food and Castiel letting out a series of absolutely filthy curses. He was positive Cas couldn’t have gotten them from him, he didn’t curse
“You really need to learn how to stop Sam from asking too many questions, man. He doesn’t stop on his own,” Dean muttered and poured Cas another glass of whiskey.
Dean wasn’t sure how to deal with Cas being so pleased with him, and he shrugged helplessly. “Well, y’know, I figured we might as well do things that we enjoy while we’re here.”
Castiel didn’t know what to do. Two weeks wasn’t enough time. Yes, they’d seen the notice taped to their door two weeks prior but they didn’t think Rich had been serious. It’s true they’d been late on rent the past five months and perhaps hadn’t even been able to pay the full amount this month but Castiel had been trying his damndest. The fact was that the only employment they’d been able to find after their previous job laid them off was an hourly position at the Gas-N-Sip.
“You know that’s why I wanted to retire, don’t you? I didn’t exactly explain myself, but I was worried about you getting injured because of your fading grace.”
“Thank you but I’m already running late.” Cas practically sprinted towards their room, Dean following behind. He watched Cas sift frantically through their closet and pull out all their few shirts. Dean was on the other side of the room but he could tell from his spot that very few of Cas’s clothes were in good shape. Most looked dingy, with stains, holes, or completely thread worn.
Castiel may have been a bit morose as they walked into the house, shuffling their feet as they headed in the direction of their room. The lights were off downstairs apart from the nightlights they’d plugged everywhere in case one of the kids needed something in the middle of the night. Castiel figured Dean grew tired of waiting up and had already gone to bed so they were startled when the lights on the stairs turned on right as Castiel walked passed.
“And maybe we can knock before coming into Dean’s bedroom? I know he will be happy to help you but we should always knock before coming in Dean’s room, okay?”
By the looks of it, the surprise was well received. Cas’s smile was extraordinary. It was one of those rare smiles that filled up Cas’s entire being and Dean wanted nothing more than to grab his best friend and hold on tight. He smiled to himself secretly when he watched Claire get her hug from her dad, he could see her whisper something in Cas’s ear and by the look on Cas’s face when they pulled apart, Dean knew Claire had officially made up for the hurtful words she’d said.
It was pretty certain from that reaction alone that it was Dean, and not the thought of leaving the house, that was the problem. Dean quickly decided to put his ‘water testing’ plan to one side, and discuss a different matter instead.
Kelly sighed. “Explain to him what happened and then sit down with the kids and talk about what you all think would be fair. You and Dean can come up with a few ideas first, if that’s easier, but make sure the kids know they have responsibilities too and that they’re not just guests there.”
The same conversation had happened then as was happening now. Castiel had looked at their friend and told them that they were so very worried about Dean. And Dean had looked back at Castiel and said the same words Castiel said now.
Cas stilled for a moment, panting as he adjusted to the sensation of being inside Dean. “Dean, it feels…
Without breaking the kiss, he attempted to walk backwards over to the bed, bringing Cas with him. Cas resisted at first, and for a second Dean thought they were going to trip and land on the floor.
As Castiel stared at the photo, he noticed something in the bottom corner, and he zoomed in to get a better look. It looked very much like a flash of orange fur inside one of the bushes, and sure enough, when he turned to look at the actual spot in the garden, he could see a little face peeking out at him.
Opening up his home was the least Dean could do. He just hoped Castiel would let him do more if things still didn’t turn around for them soon.
His hand sped up and as Steve and Yul faded away, he was left with Cas, staring at him like he wanted to smite him, and…
“Cooking. I never really got the opportunity before we moved into the bunker, but I really love it. Especially if I can cook for someone else as well.”
“Yeah, thanks, Cas.” Dean smiled back then quickly looked away. As tempting as it was to get lost in those eyes, they had a job to do. Nodding in the direction of the bedroom, he said, “Let’s try that again.”
Castiel had no way to know how much their words meant to Dean, how already there was a piece of him that was carefully filing those words away to pull out and listen to when his self doubt inevitably creeped in from time to time. But Dean was still incapable of expressing too many emotions and knew trying to tell Cas how much it meant to him would turn into a babbling mess, he wound up deflecting as he usually did.
Castiel had no belongings other than his angel blade, so while Dean brought his bag up to the bedroom, he unpacked the groceries. It was only a few minutes later when Dean reappeared, exaggeratedly rubbing his belly, and Castiel couldn’t help but smile.
Dean huffed as he pulled up in front of the house and killed the engine. “I never said anything you don’t deserve, Cas. You did save me from Hell, and I haven’t been grateful enough.”
Castiel had no idea whether Bob was pleased that he and John had been together for so long, or whether he was actually complaining. The man was very hard to read, and in fact something about his demeanour reminded Castiel of Ketch. That realisation alone was quite disconcerting.
Jack was sitting in the corner where Cas had lovingly set up his bedding into a little nest and left him there with Scooby Doo playing on Cas’s phone, hoping the show would distract the four year old enough to not accidentally get in the way of large boxes and other furniture being moved. Hours later Jack was still in the same position. That kid loved Scooby Doo more than anyone Cas knew (well, perhaps besides Dean).
Dean grinned. “Hey, breathe… We don’t need to sort it all out now, okay? But you remember my idea about retiring? Seems like perfect timing, if you ask me. After all, we wouldn’t wanna risk one of us dying, would we?”
“The only person you hurt yesterday was yourself,” Cas said suddenly. “That amount of alcohol is very damaging, especially on an empty stomach.”
By the time they got home, only ten minutes later, Claire seemed to be in an even worse mood than when she’d gotten in the car and Jack was still yammering away about his day.
“I think me and Cas just got in a fight? Or more I did the fighting and Cas just kind of stood there being hurt.”
The ghost appeared again, on the other side of Dean, and he could feel William’s hand on his chest as his heart started clenching.
“I uh–I apologize for what he said,” they said, and Dean felt his cheeks grow hot remembering Jack’s words.
“You’re welcome? I mean, I didn’t do anything, apart from drag your ass along with me.” Dean gave him an awkward smile, before returning his attention to the road.
“It’s not just the fucking desk Cas,” he growled. Shutting the microwave door a little too hard. “You guys trash the house every single morning. And every morning I clean up after you. Today I had to finish your laundry, pick up the toys that were all over the floor so I didn’t break my neck just walking through the living room, I had to clean the kitchen for the hundredth time, and when I came back in from work it was all undone.”
And when he held Cas’s hand as they ascended the staircase, no words needed to be spoken, at least not yet. They didn’t even make it as far as the bedroom, just stopped in the middle of the landing. Dean’s hand automatically rose to cup the side of Cas’s face, allowing him the chance to see his own feelings mirrored in Cas’s gaze. This was everything he’d ever hoped for, right here in his arms. They needed no words as their lips came together, this is where they were always meant to be.
There was little he was able to do for Dean while he was asleep, but Castiel had removed Dean’s boots for him and gotten a blanket from the bedroom to keep him warm. The rest of the night had been quiet and uneventful, and Castiel had spent the time reflecting on everything that had transpired since his return from the Empty.
and more staring directly into his soul. Dean squirmed in his seat, but when he turned to look directly at his friend, there was this sad, embarrassed and guilty look again, the look that basically screamed ‘I’m sorry for being such an inconvenience,’ and Dean sighed.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas’s voice had stopped Dean in his tracks, as the angel greeted them from the doorway, a somewhat bemused smile on his face.
Mimi wasn’t just kind, she was perceptive too, although Castiel wasn’t anxious for the reason she believed. She obviously thought it was because he found social situations difficult, but the real difficulty was knowing how to behave around Dean. It would be easier to let her keep thinking that, though, so with a grimace he nodded.
He didn’t know how he could make it right, especially if Cas didn’t want to talk about it, or even accept his apology. He’d said that Dean had nothing to apologise for, but that was obviously a crock of shit. Sometimes actions speak louder than words, and Cas’s actions were saying ‘I’m hurt.'
He squeezed Dean’s hand in reply, and for a second he felt Dean start to lean into him before stopping himself.
Also, Dean had gone and got himself a bona fide, regular job that he really enjoyed. Their neighbour Mark had been driving past one day last summer when Dean was working on Baby. He asked Dean if he was interested in the opening he had for a mechanic in his garage, and it was an offer Dean couldn’t refuse. He’d  thought about it for all of two minutes before saying yes, and the rest, as they say, was history.
“I’ll see if she’s free. See you guys tomorrow.” Sam hung up, and Dean took the phone from Castiel’s hand and placed it on the bedside cabinet.
It seemed Cas agreed with Dean about the need to be naked, however, and he straightened up and straddled Dean’s legs, then began stripping off his shirt. Dean watched as Cas’s bare skin was gradually revealed, and he couldn’t resist reaching out to run his palms over Cas’s chest. Cas hummed in approval, which quickly turned into a moan when Dean skimmed his nipples with his thumbs.
Eileen shook her head emphatically and chuckled as she shot Sam a wink. “Not me. I know what I want.”
“I know you’re upset but I won’t be leaving until you speak with me. The sooner we talk, the sooner I will leave you alone. It’s your choice how long I’ll be in here.”
“Y’know, I only said no when you suggested we should kiss because I didn’t wanna do it if it wasn’t real. But when we did… it
“Claire, your teacher emailed me about the field trip next week. She said you told her you weren’t allowed to go. Why? I signed the permission slip.”
They were trying to find alternatives. They probably had sent out resumes to a few dozen places but no one was calling back. And now, with an impending move and the inevitable anger from their two children in needing to move, Castiel felt like they had officially hit rock bottom. Only, they’d thought that before and watched as their life proceeded to grow increasingly worse.
Dean knew he should be uttering similar sentiments, but his friendship with Cas had been a little difficult ever since the angel had returned from the Empty. When Cas had declared his love for Dean, right after telling him about the deal he’d made and moments before being sucked into nothingness, Dean had been so stunned he didn’t know how to react.
“You really did make rainbows, huh? But how the hell did you manage to get each individual rose like that?”
“They’re wondrous,” he explained, when Dean rolled his eyes after they had stopped for the third time. “Look at the way they collect the nectar… it’s ingenious. Sadly, there are far fewer bees than there should be.”
“Looks like we’ve got a visitor,” Dean said, before walking around to the front of the house to greet the owner of the voice, with Cas hot on his heels.
They never knew how to talk about these thoughts or feelings either. Growing up, there hadn’t been much warmth, love, or feelings with their parents and though Kelly had been wonderful and broken down a few of Castiel’s barriers, it was still difficult for them to voice them to anyone but her.
“He maded me coffee too,” Jack announced, lifting a Grand Canyon mug to his lips. Castiel looked over to Dean who smiled and mouthed
“Shh, it’s okay. Dean didn’t mean to scare you,” Cas soothed. With his dad holding him, Jack’s cries died down quickly. Enough for Cas to ask, “Why were you in Dean’s bedroom, love?”
They made it about halfway up the stairs before William showed himself again, and as Cas attempted to hit him with the iron bar, William managed to shove Dean forcefully, and he suddenly found himself falling backwards.
For a brief moment Dean thought Castiel looked relieved but it was quickly washed away by determination.
Sam was in the kitchen drinking some water and looking like he was trying to take a break, so instead of going to ask how Castiel could help, he turned towards the living room to check on his son.
Castiel had noticed that with his fading grace came a growing urge to eat something, especially when the subject of food was connected to Dean. But he didn’t want to admit that and speed up the moment when Dean told him it was time to go. So he went out into the garden while Dean prepared his food, and ignored the feeling of hunger that had begun gnawing at him.
Castiel expected more yelling, what they didn’t expect was Claire to begin sobbing again. “You took away all of my friends. Over and over you took them away,” her cries broke something in Castiel and they couldn’t stop their own tears from flowing. “I don’t want to live here. I hate this house. I hate this room. I hate you.”
“That’s good to know,” Cas said matter-of-factly, as if they were discussing the weather, before flipping the cap and pouring some lube on his fingers. Once he was satisfied he had enough, he slipped his hand between Dean’s legs, as Dean widened them for easier access.
“Yep.” Dean made a popping sound on the last ‘p’. “I was a jerk yesterday, so I wanted to do something good for a change.”
“They’re…” Dean started. Beautiful, he thought. They were incredibly beautiful and majestic and Dean wanted to know what they looked like in sunlight. “Black,” he settled for instead when he realized that his thoughts had entered a not very straight territory again. “They’re black and huge. Cas is basically an oversized raven now.”
The letter - dated 22nd February 1953, and addressed to someone called William - could only be described as a passionate declaration of love, full of sentiments like ‘my darling William’, ‘being parted from you is so hard’, and ‘I long to be held by you again’. Sure, it was no Penthouse Forum letters page offering, but nevertheless it felt too intimate to read out loud to Cas. Maybe it was because the Penthouse letters always seemed made up, but the one in his hand was indisputably real. Or maybe it was something to do with the fact that he and Cas were still avoiding what Cas had said in that storage room... or probably a little of both.
“I have to though,” Castiel cried, “If I can’t figure out this job situation, I’m going to lose them.”
“No, I-” Cas started, but before Dean could ask him why the fuck he was disagreeing with him William was back, and he was blocking their way.
Dean gave Castiel a truly dazzling smile then, and Castiel wondered for the first time if maybe it wouldn't be so terrible if he admitted to Dean that he felt the need to eat occasionally. Dean certainly didn't seem concerned by Castiel eating; on the contrary… it felt like he was encouraging him.
He’d fucked everything up - as per usual - and now Cas didn’t even want to talk to him. He wasn’t even using the gift Dean had given him. He could remember very little from last night, but he must have done something really bad for Cas to be that upset with him.
“Thank you,” Cas said, staring straight ahead and looking like he had just died a little on the inside.
Another eye roll was her response before she stormed off towards her room, not quite using enough force to slam her door but it was obvious what the intent was.
“You know, the omelette isn’t going to get any better if you let it get cold,” Dean said and blew on his coffee.
It’d been a really long time since Cas had seen their friends. They’d hidden away for almost a year, sticking to only seeing Dean and Kelly, telling themself it was better that way. But Cas realized they missed seeing everyone, and since Dean would be there, it wouldn’t be too overwhelming.
“There’s no evidence we can’t destroy it in the same way as every other ghost we’ve encountered. But that’s not the issue here… It’s more that the ghost only seems to appear when a gay couple is in the house.”
“You said you wanted me to wear something different, but I still don’t have any other clothes.” He held his arms out by his sides in a gesture of resignation, his glare daring Dean to contradict him.
In the end, they just couldn’t make it work. The Gas-N-Sip job wasn’t enough to pay for electric, heat, and water, and the mortgage just stopped being paid. The bank had no choice but to cease the home and Castiel had scrambled to find anywhere that would accept their shotty credit.
- Dean had made a point of telling Castiel how much better this movie was than the recent remake, even though that information meant nothing to Castiel - with the space on the sofa between them feeling like a cavernous gulf.
He didn’t finish that sentence, as William rushed at him and Cas banished him with a swipe of the iron bar once again.
Dean thought it was pretty adorable how protective Cas was of his plants, and even though it took longer to get home than it had taken to make their outward journey, seeing Cas so happy made the slow drive totally worth it.
They had a plan and they both seemed happy with it. It wasn’t at all what Cas had expected the conversation to look like but they were grateful their worst fears hadn’t come to pass.
The moment Cas slipped back outside, Dean grabbed a bottle of whiskey from the cupboard and a glass, and went through to the living room. He knew it wasn’t the best idea he’d ever had, but fuck it. Beer wasn't going to be enough.
“You doing okay?” Dean asked as he waited for the microwave to finish heating the first plate of pasta.
It didn’t feel good to watch the person he loved fall for someone else, even knowing Dean never stood a chance, it broke every piece of his heart. But Castiel’s happiness and the friendship they shared mattered more to Dean than his own hurt. And one day, after years and years of putting on a smile, the part of himself labeled
It was okay though, because he had this time now. For however long Cas and the kids stayed, Dean would get the slightest hint at what life with them could be life. It was stupid and maybe a bit self-sabotaging yet there was the smallest sliver inside of him that wondered if Cas would start to like the way life with Dean looked.
This seemed to be exactly what Cas wanted to hear. “Thank you,” he murmured, “and thank you for letting me do this.”
When Dean awoke - in the bed this time, thankfully - he wasn’t at all surprised to find that Cas was already up. It had been that way every morning since they’d arrived at the house, but this was the first time that Dean felt more relieved by it than disappointed; partly because of the tense atmosphere between them, but mainly because he had a boner that needed some attention. It gave him the breathing space to really think about everything that had happened the previous day, before facing the man -
“Yes, we should,” Cas agreed, but he made no move to pull out his phone, and neither did Dean. The truth was, he really didn’t want to speak to Sam until he was clear about what was going on between him and Cas.
“Don’t worry about Sammy. I know how to handle him. We’ll invite him here for a debrief, tell him we’re in love, and after he’s seen how happy we are here, I’ll tell him we want to stay. It’ll be fine; I promise.”
While Sam sorted out all the details, Dean attempted to make small talk with Cas. It felt forced though, and there was a tension between them that he couldn’t quite unravel. He didn’t know if it was because they were going to have to pretend to be in a relationship, or because of the still unaddressed things Cas had said before being sucked into the Empty.
The bee themed mugs were what Dean was really looking for, though. After looking at a few, he saw the ideal mug, and he couldn’t help smiling at the thought of Cas’s reaction when he saw it. It was decorated with little bees and flowers, and on the back were the words,
But Castiel was a parent and one awful fact of the world was parents were forced to be morning people whether they liked it or not. It was made worse when your child also did not enjoy mornings.
“I mean they’re fine but don’t you like these?” Dean asked, gesturing to the clothes he’d gathered in his arms.
Cas’s breath hitched, and he planted a series of kisses down Dean’s neck before drawing back a little until he could look Dean in the eyes. “I believe we’ll need some lubricant.”
As he approached Cas’s door, prepared to knock, he overheard Jack’s sweet voice ask, “Daddy can we play?”
“Hello, Sam. Dean’s cleaned the entire house.” Cas flicked his gaze to Dean, before quickly looking down at the phone again.
As Dean poured some coffee into a nondescript mug, he could see out the corner of his eye as Cas took in the efforts of Dean’s cleaning spree.
“You know that without bees we wouldn’t have any crops? The decline of the bee population worldwide is bad news, so I say the more we get in our garden, the better.”
Jack pulled Castiel by the hand until they were in the kitchen where Dean was caught sneaking an oreo. Dean was quick to hide it behind his back before Jack could see it and thankfully stashed the rest of them away. As Dean turned back around Castiel worried for a moment about what Dean would think but when Dean’s eyes landed on them they widened almost comically.
Cas sped up his strokes and fucked him harder, and Dean felt that static in the air again, before he saw a flash of the shadow of Cas’s wings on the ceiling. That was it… Dean was done for, and he came with a shout, spilling hot and wet over Cas’s hand as he worked Dean through his orgasm.
Just as had happened on the other mornings, Castiel got out of bed before Dean, trying his best not to disturb him. Making his way downstairs, he thought back on the previous evening, and how pleasant it was.
It was nearly dark when Dean came back inside. He’d gotten carried away with a custom desk he’d been working on and hadn’t stopped to even take a lunch break. His stomach was growling and his back was sore by the time he stepped inside, and those two facts may have contributed to his mood sinking straight to the floor.
“Yeah.” Dean nodded, then went to the fridge and rummaged around inside it, coming out with some bacon and eggs. “Just let me grab some breakfast, ‘k?”
Castiel thought back to the first time he saw Dean in Hell. His soul was the brightest Castiel had ever seen, and it might not have been love that he was feeling, but touching Dean’s soul as he put Dean back together had had a life-altering effect on Castiel. The bond they had formed since then was so strong even death couldn’t break it. Unfortunately, Dean had no memory of that first meeting, and when they eventually encountered each other on Earth, in that barn, Dean had stabbed him. Definitely not love at first sight as far as the hunter was concerned. “No, not exactly,” he started, wondering how much he should say, before Dean continued for him.
The last thing Castiel wanted at that moment was to sit on the sofa with Dean, pretending to be a couple to entice a bigoted ghost out from wherever it was hiding. But how else were they going to wrap this case up? He joined Dean in the living room, where they spent the evening watching the ‘classic’
"Come on then. What are we waiting for?" Dean jumped out of bed, found some clothes, then made a quick visit to the bathroom while Castiel waited outside, before they headed downstairs.
That seemed to appease her for a little and the two dug into their ice creams silently for a little while in silence before Claire asked, “Are you my step-dad?”
He was in the living room as Cas was shuffling the kids out of the house, telling them they didn’t need to bring all their toys since they had toys at their moms, when Dean caught him.
The exhaustion in Cas’s voice was clear by the way it sounded so much deeper than usual, but it didn’t surprise Dean to hear Cas say, “Sure, what do you want to play?”
is going right anymore. It’s just one thing after another, after another. First it’s getting evicted, then I’m screwing things up with you, and then everything is terrible with my work schedule, my car breaks down, Claire’s field trip, and I have no money ever so I have to keep accepting handouts from everyone because I can’t even provide for my family. I can’t even give Claire a stupid field trip.”
Maybe looking back he should’ve specified that knocking was probably a good way to go about entering Dean’s room if the occasion ever presented itself.
“Claire, I want to first apologize to you for this. And if your parent were here, I’d apologize to them as well. My vision for this school has always been to show kindness, acceptance, and understanding and sometimes that is not always the case. I plan to speak with Ms. Black after school but I think you may be more suited to being in Ms. Moore’s class. If your parents agree, would you like to switch teachers?”
“What’cha guys talking about?” He asked as he slunk into the chair. Castiel noticed the way Dean scooted closer towards them and they
Cas looked relieved, and he visibly relaxed. “Okay,” he said, and Dean thought he wasn’t going to say any more. He was wrong.
The rest of the week went on without much time for Dean or Cas to spend together. Dean did most of his work in the mornings while Cas was sleeping and Cas was gone until the evening at their job. By the time Sunday night came around, when Kelly came by to drop the kids off, Dean was eager to have them back.
Dean must’ve looked as shitty as he felt because the first thing Sam asked as he sat was, “You okay?”
He sat down once more, and stared at Dean as he slept. He’d been avoiding doing that when they shared the bed, but he had a good reason for doing it today. He’d promised Sam, and he didn’t want to let him down.
He was being hit on - to borrow a phrase of Dean’s - and he couldn’t understand why, after he’d made it very clear to Bob that he and Dean were happy together. The fact that it wasn’t true was irrelevant, as Bob didn’t know that.
They ate in silence, but it didn’t feel comfortable or companionable; it was strained, and got worse the longer it stretched on. Castiel decided to concentrate firmly on his food, and tried not to think too much about what was going on with Dean.
Dean passed him a beer then sat down, placing the bowl of popcorn between them before starting the movie. It began simply enough, with the two main characters - Ennis and Jack - both getting hired to look after sheep in the mountains.
The sensation of whiplash was strong as the kids came barreling back into the house, yammering a mile a minute about everything they did with Kelly. And just like that they were back to the chaos.
He steered them towards the gardening tools, and there were indeed green shovels, pairs of gloves, and trowels too. Dean told Cas to choose one of each, and strangely, he kept holding them up in the air and looking between each item and Dean before deciding on the shade of green he wanted. It was almost as if he was checking for something, though what, Dean couldn’t say.
When they got home the kids were still awake and Cas and Dean had to wrangle both hyper kiddos into brushing their teeth and putting on their pajamas, and Dean loved it. He loved that Jack asked him to read a story every night now. He loved that Claire always gave him a hug before bedtime. He loved that he was included in
Once Dean had disappeared back inside, Castiel walked around to the side of the house and leaned against the wall. He couldn’t avoid Dean forever - he knew that - but he wouldn’t rush back into the house either. A rustling in one of the bushes caught his attention, and he waited to see if whatever creature it was would reveal itself.
Dean’s hand tightened slightly around his, and Castiel had no idea how to interpret that, or indeed anything that was happening. Was Dean merely trying to convince everyone, or was there something more behind his actions? Having promised himself that he wouldn’t hope for anything with Dean beyond friendship, Castiel couldn’t help the feeling of possibility that began to bloom once more in his chest. Despite every instinct in him screaming that he would only get hurt again, he knew it was already too late.
“Uh oh, now David’s gonna tell you how they met, and how Patricia saved his life. It’s so wholesome,” Mandi rolled her eyes and pretended to walk away.
“You can wear some of my stuff. I know it’s not really your style but it’s free range if you need it.”
“So… do we talk about the fact that it’s four in the morning and how normally you also… don’t eat?” he said as casually as possible, hoping that Cas would appreciate that his tone was non-accusatory.
There was probably nothing sweeter than hearing your child tell you something like this. Tears pricked the corners of Castiel’s eyes and they tried to not choke up. “I try to,” they said, soothing a thumb over Jack’s cheek, “but lately I haven’t been doing my best job so we need help from Dean until I can do better.”
Sam had done what Dean couldn’t and pulled Cas into a hug. “It’s great to have you back, Cas. And Chuck’s been dealt with, so with him not writing our story anymore, we get to write our own.”
Since his house was old and both he and his parents had renovated and made additions over the years, the layout was a little strange. There were two bedrooms downstairs–an old dining room converted to the office-slash-Cas’s room, and Claire’s bedroom which was Dean’s old room–and two bedrooms upstairs, the main bedroom and Sam’s old room that now belonged to Jack.
” they went to explain, wondering if Dean’s offer only extended to Castiel. Surely their friend wouldn’t want to have three extra people in his home.
He’d placed a number of iron objects around the house in readiness for this moment, and luckily there was an iron bar within reach. He stretched out his hand to grab it, and looking back up he was startled to see the ghostly figure of William reaching out his hand towards him.
Apparently ignoring Dean’s tone, Sam looked up from the screen and took a swig of beer before continuing. “I’ve been looking at the history of the house, and it seems that at least three people have died in mysterious circumstances there over the last four decades.”
His anger had definitely worn off at this point and now he was left with the uncomfortable reality that he was a jerk and could’ve prevented this whole situation if he’d used his words the first week Cas and the kids had moved in.
Dean grimaced and turned to his friend. “I’m sorry, Cas. I totally spaced on moving it. I’ll do it today, I promise.”
Dean was shifting the plants around in the cart to make space for the tools as Cas carefully placed them down, and their hands brushed. Dean felt a crackle of something like electricity, and as he looked up at him, Cas pulled his hand away, almost as if he’d received an electric shock.
that felt so good. Dean shuddered, and Cas slid his hands around to Dean’s ass and pulled until their groins came into contact. Dean still had enough brain function to remember that this was where they’d been so rudely interrupted earlier, and he slowly rolled his hips into Cas’s.
Holding his hands just above two of the rose bushes, he concentrated on what he was trying to achieve as he felt his grace flow out. He was briefly bathed in a bright light, before it faded, and he was able to see the results of his efforts. It had worked perfectly, and even though he could sense that his grace was truly gone, he didn’t feel drained like he did the last time he became human. He figured that was probably because his grace had been weakened and fading for a long time, but he was grateful for it, nevertheless.
Cas gasped and fucked into him once more, and Dean clenched around him again and again, until Cas finally came, his orgasm ripping through him as he worked through the aftershocks.
Dean kissed him again, and this time he stepped right into Cas’s personal space and placed his hands on Cas’s cheeks. Cas pulled Dean towards him until they were pressed all up against each other, and slipped one hand around to the back of Dean’s neck as they deepened the kiss.
He’d seen the movie enough times that Dean could probably recite it line by line, so he didn’t really bother paying too much attention. He’d crack a joke here or there, or dramatically reenact a line, but for most of the movie Dean just watched Cas watch the movie. Ever since college Dean had always been obsessed with the way Cas’s face would light up as they watched movies together, they would get so invested in the plotline that their lips would part just a little and they’d look like a little kid staring through the window of a candy shop. It was the cutest sight, even now, fully grown adults and Dean still thought Cas’s transfixed face was the most precious sight he’d ever seen.
and Cas doing it. Quickly interrupting before Cas had a chance to answer, Dean said, “C’mon now, Sammy, that ain’t necessary. Cas and me, we’ve got that profound bond or whatever. It’ll probably look more realistic if it’s us two.”
Dean and Cas talked for a little while longer before deciding to head to bed. Dean was excited for the following morning, hoping everything he and the kids had done would pan out the way they all hoped. He made sure to set his alarm clock thirty minutes earlier than he usually did to make sure he could fulfil his side of the surprise.
Castiel looked at him and opened his mouth as if he was about to say something, but he closed it again and turned his gaze back to the table.
As Cas’s gaze lingered, Dean could have sworn that the temperature raised by about a thousand degrees, and suddenly Dean’s earlier thought about them ripping each other’s clothes off became a reality. It was lucky that Dean enjoyed a bit of manhandling, because Cas lifted him by his shirt before yanking it over his head, then quickly got to work on relieving Dean of his jeans, roughly scraping them down his legs until they met the inconsiderate obstacle of his boots and socks.
Dean glared at Sam, before bursting out in laughter. “Yeah, we’re a pair of dumbasses. But we’ve agreed to talk about shit from now on.”
When they entered the store, Cas realized they didn’t know where to begin. It had been years since they’d purchased more than just one clothing item for themself. They’d been mostly replacing items here and there when they were worn out. It had worked for them for a while.
Dean served Cas a plate of dinner as he explained what happened, answering any and all of Cas’s many questions to try and assure them that everything was taken care of. Dean knew Cas wasn’t exactly happy hearing any of it, but after a while Cas sighed.
she baked pies. Surprisingly though, Dean didn’t seem interested in flirting with Mimi, or her with him, and it took Castiel a minute or two to realise that this was because she thought he and Dean were a couple.
“Yes, do you think you could get ahold of her parents or would you be able to come to the school yourself?”
Castiel wanted to believe her, they did, but everything else in their life had been going wrong, it felt like it was only inevitable for this to go wrong as well. Tears began to pick the corner of their eyes. “I’m just so overwhelmed. I’m trying to keep up with everything but it’s just so hard.”
Cas signed heavily, enough for Dean to hear his friend’s frustration through the door. “Jack, love, I already told you we have to play in our rooms.”
“What? I pay attention… sometimes.” Dean chuckled, and Castiel couldn’t hold back the smile that broke out on his face as they continued walking.
“No I apologize, that isn’t necessary, I was just preoccupied in thoughts,” Castiel rushed to explain, “How may I assist you?”
Castiel had been taking hit after hit recently, and Dean hoped this could be a chance for things to look up for his friend. As badly as Castiel wanted to pull themself out of this on their own, Dean was grateful for a chance to help. He’d watched as Castiel kept getting knocked down, as his best friend’s smile faded from their eyes, as the dark circles grew more pronounced, as their hair speckled with grey due to stress. Dean had been fighting with the need to help out, to step in and offer financial support when things got really tight but knowing Cas for well over a decade meant knowing that they would’ve hated Dean’s offer.
He found some eggs and threw them into a pan, then looked through the cupboards for a plate while the eggs were cooking. He was thrown when he opened the one full of mugs, however, and spotted the mug he’d given Cas placed behind another.
Cas shrugged, “Maybe a little…” but Kelly seemed to think they were being dumb. She nudged them and said their name in her best scolding mom voice. “He asked to talk when I get back,” Cas added, knowing their voice had a touch of worry.
When he heard Dean’s footsteps approaching, he turned around to greet him, hoping that the sight of the cat wouldn’t be too upsetting. To his surprise, Dean not only didn’t look annoyed at seeing her, he smiled.
Dean stepped a little closer and dropped his voice to a whisper. “Well, our ghost is still a no-show, so after a super late breakfast,” he chuckled and his cheeks reddened again, “I think I’ll go up to the attic and clean the windows. It’s gotta be easier from the inside.”
They kissed slowly and sensually, stopping occasionally to nip at lips, nibble across jawlines, mark the skin on collarbones and necks, but almost as if there was some magnetic pull, their mouths couldn’t stay separated for too long. Now that Dean knew what it was like to kiss Cas, he never wanted to stop.
Castiel leaned against her, and sighed heavily. “Things are just hard right now. With work and searching for a new job and still adjusting to living somewhere new... and now I think things are weird with Dean and I don’t really know how to speak to him about it.”
“Awww, c’mon. Don’t knock it ‘til you’ve tried it. Let me give you my number, in case you change your mind.” Bob winked, and held his hand out as if he was expecting Castiel to give him something.
“It might make them a little sad,” he explained, “but I think they’ll be okay once we tell them about your new teacher.”
They’d decided to ask their friend Lee's 16-year-old daughter Krissy to watch Claire and Jack while Dean and Cas went out to dinner with Lee and a few other friends. Since Lee needed to drop Krissy off, he decided it would just be easier to give Castiel and Dean a ride too.
Dean made a kind of spluttering sound as he took a drink of his lemonade, before answering. “I-we… yeah. Thanks.”
“Before you get upset, I want you to know that Claire handled everything very well. And the principal at the school is going to make things right.”
The burgers didn’t take long to prepare, and Dean found himself standing at the French doors, watching Cas work. Cas had removed his trench coat and rolled his sleeves up, and Dean was transfixed.
“I’m guessing that was a yes,” Dean said, patting her on the head. “And you’ll have to give her a name. But wait… are you sure she’s a she? I thought ginger cats were usually male.”
“Great… great.” Bob nodded, before staring down at Castiel’s left hand. “No wedding ring though, I see. You guys never thought about making it official?”
“No, it’s definitely mine.” Dean slumped into the chair beside them. “I shouldn’t have yelled at you over just some mess. It was stupid. I know you have a lot going on and I shouldn’t have reacted like I did.”
Castiel was confused as to why Dean was talking about him, and it took him a few seconds to answer. In the end, he decided to be honest; in fact, it felt refreshing to tell the truth about that, at least. “I find it very rewarding working with my hands to create something pleasing to look at. And I’m hoping they will attract many bees.”
It wasn’t the first time Castiel had heard those words from their daughter, nor would it be the last, but it still chipped away at something deep within them.
“Look, I get why you were angry but you will need to actually talk to Cas about this at some point,” Sam explained, “It’s probably best if you don’t try and talk tonight but I think you should talk to them sooner rather than later. It’d even be a good idea to come up with some ground rules now that you’re all living together. Things you can all agree on. It’s not okay for the kids to leave a mess throughout the whole house every day but it’s also not okay for you to put your unrealistic cleaning expectations on them as well.”
He dressed quickly, then went downstairs and immediately went out to the garden to find Cas. Dean watched his friend for a few moments as he dug around the base of one of the plants with a great deal of care and a soft smile on his face. Dean hoped that whoever lived in the house after them would appreciate the flowers, and the work that Cas had put into tending to them.
Cas wanted to talk to Dean. Wanted to apologize and make things right and figure out what would work for all of them but broaching the subject was terrifying. What if Dean regretted letting Castiel and the kids live there? What if he already wanted to kick them all out? What if Dean realized he wasn’t as fond of Claire and Jack as Castiel had been led to believe?
Dean gave Castiel a questioning look, silently asking if she was okay but Castiel waved it off. They could explain to Dean later. Their friend seemed to understand not to press the matter and called over his shoulder to his brother to come help. As quickly as they could, they dragged her mattress out of the room and began disassembling the frame, all with Claire staring daggers at them the entire time.
“She’s very friendly,” Castiel observed as the cat wound herself around his legs and rubbed against them. He smiled down at her before taking a sip of his coffee. “My first drink as a newly formed human.”
Instead of an answer she shrugged her shoulders, not bothering to look at either Castiel or Dean. Castiel knew she wasn’t going to say anything and tried to silently convey that to Dean. Their friend understood. Dean had known the kids since they were born, he was entirely familiar with Claire’s moods.
When he looked up at Castiel, he wore a serious expression. “I know you didn’t want to come, and if you really need to leave, it’s okay. You could head back home, and I’ll say you weren’t feeling so good.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ve got ‘em both covered. But Jesus Christ right? Thirty dollars? For the science museum? She better be going up into space for that price.”
His heart had been in his throat, because he really thought he was going to be brave, he could taste the words on his tongue and wanted more than anything to be able to taste Cas’s lips. But he’d chickened out.
They could see the battle within their daughter. For Claire, anger shot up in her quickly and burned ferociously when things didn’t go her way. But her inferno never lasted long, especially when she didn’t receive heat in return. She always tried though, to keep up her anger, always ready for a fight she’d never get.
Though they knew it was moving day, walking out into the hallway and seeing the kitchen and living room completely bare still brought them to a stop. Castiel hadn’t loved this apartment but it had been a shelter when they’d been laid off and could no longer afford the home they’d onced lived in with their wife. The divorce had been amicable, Kelly was still one of their best friends, but they realized the two of them no longer fit as a married pair. She had found a new government job and a nice new apartment in the city and therefore insisted Castiel keep the house they’d lived in for all five years of their marriage.
awkward since neither of them seemed keen on looking the other in the eye at the moment. Were they both thinking about penises? Were they even adults?
Dean sat down heavily on the edge of the bed and shook his head in disbelief. “I never thought it would be William; that was really unexpected. All those years as a ghost must’ve really affected him, huh?”
“You up for a movie night?” He couldn’t think of anything more couple-y than that, other than, y’know… sex. Just thinking that had Dean practically laughing out loud… what a ridiculous idea it was, for so many reasons.
Sam gave Dean a look that Castiel had heard described as a bitchface. “I’m sure your presence will be invaluable.”
Dean didn’t like seeing Cas sad, but he had an idea. “You’re gonna need a new shovel and some gardening gloves. Let’s see if this place has any green ones.”
“Let’s figure this out, okay?” He held her in the hug for a few moments before pulling back and swiping at some of her stray tears. “I remember when I used to help Sammy with his multiplication facts. He used to sing some songs to help him remember.”
It had started soon after the disaster with the vampire’s nest a few months ago, and at first, Castiel thought it was just because Dean wanted to rest after that incident. But it was becoming increasingly clear that he was deliberately avoiding taking on any new cases, and every time Dean turned another one down, Castiel’s fears grew.
Looking around the ground floor, Castiel was impressed to discover that it was just as nice inside as it was outside. The decor and furniture in the living room was in dark tones, perfectly in sync with the feel of the house, and creating a warm and cosy atmosphere. The kitchen was spacious, and fitted with modern cabinets and what looked like the latest gadgets.
That seemed to appease her, and to Dean’s surprise she wrapped her arms around his neck as he leaned in to tuck her blankets around her. He hugged her back tightly, fighting off the sudden urge to cry with how happy he was that she was giving this to him. Dean already knew just how much he loved Claire and Jack but after that night he felt like it grew infinitely more. He’d do anything for those kids.
So, Cas was still playing that game, huh? Pretending Dean hadn’t done something to upset him. He wasn’t going to let that go this time though; he was determined to apologise properly.
"Just… put ‘em on, Cas. Jeez.” Dean glowered at him, and received a glare in return. At this rate, they would arrive at the barbecue not even talking to each other.
“Why do you keep them hidden then?” Dean asked and bit his tongue a moment too late. It wasn’t like this was any of his business and it definitely did not seem as if Cas wanted to talk about it.
“Do you want to maybe make lunch and then come hang out while I work?” His heart kicked up speed in his chest, making him feel like an idiot. But he always turned into a babbling idiot around Cas, especially while trying to see if they would want to spend time with him. “Unless you wanted to relax before work. That would make more sense actually. What am I saying? You definitely don’t want to help me out when you probably have a million other things to do.”
They could tell it made Dean a little twitchy, if by the way Dean asked ten times a day if Castiel needed help unpacking, but Castiel didn’t want to burden Dean with even more than he was already doing for them.
Dean crept down the stairs and brewed himself some coffee before sneaking into the office–Cas’s room, he reminded himself. He tried to be as quiet as possible as he sat at his desk and loaded up the computer, trying to frantically turn down the sound and the brightness before it woke Cas up.
Cas was back in the garden, and as much as Dean would have liked to just hang out with him all day, he didn’t want to crowd him or make him uncomfortable. Things were much better between them now, and Dean didn’t want to jeopardise that. Plus, he couldn’t think of a good excuse for dropping his plan to clean the attic windows in favour of doing nothing.
Dean winked as they went back inside and up to the bedroom. “Let’s just hope Sam and Eileen aren’t in a rush to get back here and see us again.”
, or was that a not so subtle reference to him telling Dean that he loved him? Was he hinting that he suspected Dean’s secret fantasies, and the shame that accompanied them?
“Whoa! You’re pretty, daddy!” Jack announced from where the kids were playing in the living room. The compliment brought a smile to Cas’s face.
“I just… Yeah, I can wait,” Sam said, before starting on his food. Dean could see that the wait was killing him though, so he decided to cut him a break.
“Claire, what happened?” Dean asked, kneeling down to eye level, and quickly checking that she wasn’t hurt. It didn’t look like she’d been in a fight or something but he wasn’t going to rule it out.
“I like having you three here.” Dean admitted to his plate of food, no longer meeting Castiel’s eyes. “I didn’t… I didn’t realize how lonely I was until you got here. I like that you're all living here. I like hearing the kids joke around with each other or even when they argue. And I really like having someone to hang out with at the end of the day. We haven’t gotten to hang out this much in years. It’s nice.”
The guilt and worry ate at them as they assisted Dean in loading up the dish washer and putting the leftovers away. They could hardly focus on the nighttime story they read to Jack, or tucking each of the kids into bed.
Cas rolled off him and laid on his back as Dean climbed off the bed. His muscles were aching a bit, and he knew he was going to feel it more tomorrow, but he wasn’t complaining. It was totally worth it.
Not that Castiel didn’t want to spend time with Dean… he did, more than anything, but the fact that this was everything he had ever wanted, but none of it was real, was giving him such conflicting feelings. It felt like he was being shown what his greatest desire could look like, all while knowing that he would never get to have it.
Holding his hands up in a gesture of surrender, Dean spoke quietly and calmly. “Hey, William… it is William, isn’t it? You don’t have to do this. We’re not the enemy here.”
But Cas had really struggled to beat just one of the vamps, and Sam had to help him out while Dean finished off his own two.
Down the hallway, Castiel could still hear Dean and his brother Sam shuffling through the house, Dean giving Sam directions on where to take things and how to label some boxes. Earlier, when Claire had been yelling at anyone who even walked past her bedroom, Castiel and Dean had exchanged a look that meant:
,” he eventually admitted with so much disdain in his voice that Dean was pretty sure he was angry at his body - or vessel - for putting him through this.
Cas looked at him for a moment after that, their gaze unreadable, but then they turned back to the movie and nothing more was said on the subject.
He knew their friends were sending them curious glances. Knew that Andrea whispering in Charlie’s ear meant they were asking what was happening between Dean and Cas, but he didn’t care.
“I dunno, somewhere in the garden. Do you wanna hear my story, or what?” Dean was suddenly feeling incredibly tired, and his tongue was beginning to feel heavy in his mouth.
“Hi, Cas.” Brittany beamed at him as he stood next to Dean. “Dean was just telling us about the flowers you planted. You really love your new garden, huh?”
Dean’s face fell. “Damn, I’m sorry, Cas. You shouldn’t have wasted it on healing me. I would’ve been fine.”
That sex scene though… it looked kind of painful. There should definitely have been prep involved, or some shit like that. Dean was sure he’d heard that somewhere anyway, although his knowledge of gay sex was pretty limited.
Castiel was actually shocked by what Dean said. It took nearly thirty seconds before the words truly registered. Dean thought the sweater looked pretty? Should Castiel not have changed?
Dean expected it wouldn’t be too big of a change, that living with his best friend and Castiel’s two kids would be a walk in the park. They basically knew everything about each other, how hard could it be?
Dean had never seen Cas smile so much, and that smile only grew wider when they walked into the place. There were flowers of every colour and variety, trees, bushes, soil, fertiliser, gardening tools, books… even a souvenir shop, and Cas looked like he was in Heaven.
“Yes. I think it’s time I made an honest man out of this one.” Eileen grinned mischievously at Sam, and
“Cas, we’ve known each other for sixteen years and you’ve never once mentioned liking green. You always pick purple stuff.”
Castiel’s head swam with worst case scenarios but they refused to allow themself to dwell on it. There were two kids who needed a roof over their heads and Castiel was not about to sit idly and hope that things would work out.
“I know. And we’re going to make it work. But even if she did miss out on this, it’s not the only opportunity she’ll have.”
Their back ached as they sat on the hardwood floor and learned against the wall. Claire’s room was still sparse, with basic light blue walls that had likely been there for years. The curtains were the ones that Dean had previously hung and there were no decorations on the walls yet. The only aspects of the room that were distinctly Claire were the line of geodes and other crystals she’d collected over the years and had now placed on her windowsill, as well as the teal bedding with cartoon cats. Kelly had plans to come over in a few weekends to help Claire with decorating since the two of them were obsessed with home improvement shows, until then, Castiel knew Claire probably wouldn’t feel satisfied in her new room.
Castiel didn’t really understand how Dean could be excited at the prospect of them finding something unpleasant, but then, maybe Castiel wasn't feeling as calm about it because of his fading grace. As he began to slowly ascend the stairs, he kept his angel blade close to his hand in readiness.
This apartment wasn’t great. It was outdated and small but it kept them all warm and safe. Seeing it empty once more made Castiel realize they had no idea where their life was headed anymore. It wasn’t a comfortable feeling.
Dean effortlessly using a term of endearment for him was perfectly reasonable under the circumstances, and yet Castiel could hardly bear it. He wasn’t sure if his distress was apparent, but Mimi looked between them with a kindly smile before declaring,
It would be so easy to say the words but it would be so difficult to navigate the after. They knew saying the words wouldn’t change anything. Dean hadn’t even brought up the possibility of wanting anything more than friendship with Castiel, so it was unlikely at this stage in their life that they would give a relationship a chance… but it would be so nice to be able to say those words. To have them out in the open instead of allowing them to be bottled up inside of them.
“He’s curious,” Castiel said with a cough, bringing them back to the topic at hand. “You can just tell him I said that he’s supposed to ask me or his mom those questions.”
Bedtime had been no less awkward though, and as Castiel lay in the dark beside Dean, he could sense that Dean was still awake long after he usually fell asleep. Eventually, however, he had fallen asleep, leaving Castiel wondering what had kept him awake for so long. (He concluded that it was probably because Dean wasn’t used to sharing a bed with another person, and he found it restrictive.)
The fear of failing Jack and Claire, coupled with Cas’s irrational fear that Kelly would want to alter their custody arrangement made it hard for them to focus. Would Kelly do that to them? Unlikely. Kelly was still one of Castiel’s best friends, beside Dean. The two of them supported and helped one another without hesitation and Castiel had already called her the night prior to explain what was happening and Dean’s offer. The two of them had even mutually decided to switch Claire and Jack to the school in Dean’s neighborhood since it would be more convenient for Cas and closer to Kelly’s home as well.
Dean was so close, but he needed that little extra push. He reached for his cock, but before he could even close his hand around it, Cas had shoved it away. There was a dangerous look in his eyes, and Dean could do nothing but hold on for dear life as Cas started to stroke him.
“Sounds riveting.” Dean tried really hard to keep the sarcasm out of his voice, but considering the way Cas looked at him afterwards, he’d probably done a piss poor job of it.
Castiel took a sip of his coffee, then dug into his own food as a wave of contentment washed over him. He knew this was only temporary, but he was determined to enjoy every moment of it.
It was a gorgeous house. Castiel had always thought so. It was renovated here and there, with updated bathrooms and a spacious kitchen but it still held onto the integrity of the original structure. Castiel knew Dean loved his home and took pride in how well cared for it was. It was a welcoming place and warmer than the home Castiel had grown up in. The home shared with Kelly had been a nice one as well, a place Castiel had planned to live in for many more years, a place where so many memories had been created. Deep down, Castiel held out hope that someday they’d find a real forever home. A place like Dean’s where so much life and happiness had taken place.
Dean shook his head sadly. “So, he wasn’t only denied the chance to be with the man he, um… loved, he was killed because of his sexuality too.” Talking about that in front of Cas felt awkward as fuck; after all, he’d told Dean he loved him, but he hadn’t meant it the same way as Dean did when referring to William. Dean still wasn’t sure if Cas was aware of the difference, but he wasn’t about to touch that subject, given the current tension between them.
Castiel had all but forgotten about the ghost, which was ridiculous, because it was the reason they were there, after all. He started feeling a little guilty about how much pleasure looking after his plants was giving him - and even the time he was spending with Dean - but was there really anything wrong with doing things that made them happy while they were there?
“But I should’ve been more considerate. We’re guests in your home and we weren’t being respectful of that.”
For the first time, Castiel didn't feel dread over Dean's reaction to his fading grace. He even seemed comfortable with Castiel staying, despite knowing that Castiel loved him, and him not returning that love. Maybe his fear about Dean kicking him out had been premature.
Kissing Cas felt just as amazing as it had the first time, and Dean lost himself in the sensations as he explored Cas’s mouth with his tongue, before Cas returned the favour. Their mouths moved together perfectly as if they’d done it a million miles before, and
As they’d walked down the bunker stairs, weary and with a heavy sadness washing over them both, Sam’s phone pinged with a text. He’d pulled itout and stared at it in disbelief.
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but seemed to change his mind. Pushing his chair back abruptly, he stood up and collected the plates and cutlery, then brought them over to the sink. He washed them quickly, then turned back to Castiel again. “So… movie?”
“I really miss Jack,” Sam had said. “He was a good kid, and he tried his best. You must be missing him too.”
It had been a while since Dean painted anything, and even then it had been his Baby. He had painted buildings in the past - when he tried living the apple pie life with Lisa - but he wasn’t sure if he was good enough to do a professional-looking job.
Dean decided that it was a good time to go back inside and fix himself some breakfast. After all, Cas was perfectly capable of telling Sam how little progress they’d made on his own. Dean found the ingredients he needed and made himself an omelette, and was just about to eat when Cas appeared in the kitchen, mug in hand.
Cas took the cup Dean handed him and shrugged. “I’m not sure what could be grown here, but anyway, it won’t be me… will it?”
“Are there any movies you wanna watch?” Dean asked, prompting the most bemused expression Dean had ever seen from Cas… accompanied by a head tilt, of course.
“Don’t worry about buying the battery, I got it,” Dean said easily, his hand squeezing softly on Cas’s shoulder. “You wanna take my car back with the kids and I can stay here until I get this thing running? I can call Bobby and have him take me to grab a new one.”
Dean waved his hand dismissively. “Nah, it’s fine. I’ll just make sure to take antihistamines every day. ‘Cause, y’know… every home needs a pet, right?”
Dean hauled himself off the ground and went over to Cas, approaching him cautiously, as he might a wounded animal. He put his hand carefully on Cas’s shoulder and leaned down slightly so he could look into his eyes. “What happened, man?”
“Hey, hey, breathe,” Dean soothed from the other end of the phone but Castiel couldn’t bring themself to. They felt stupid for calling Dean like this, for not being enough of an adult to solve this problem on their own. Now they were putting their own wellbeing on Dean’s shoulders and asking their best friend to help fix a problem that Castiel got themself into.
They stayed as they were as they watched her leave, then continued to stay like that a while longer. It was weird, but as the minutes ticked by, Dean began to feel more and more uncomfortable, but he couldn’t find it in him to remove his arm. Not until Cas did.
“Nah, he’ll be fine.” Dean didn’t look as sure of that as he sounded, as Castiel called Sam’s number and put it on speaker as he waited for him to answer.
Even when the kids went back to Kelly’s, Cas still wasn’t coming out of their room. It didn’t seem like they were leaving the house for many interviews either and Dean knew this obsession with trying to find a new job wasn’t sustainable. Between Cas’s awful schedule, their lack of job offers, and the way Cas had basically faded into the shadows again… Dean knew he had to at least try to do something to help.
With a sigh, he went back downstairs and into the living room to check on Dean. According to the clock on his phone, it was seven minutes past five am, not that that meant anything, because Dean had been asleep for over twelve hours at this point. He could possibly wake up at any time; Castiel just had to watch over him, and wait.
Before he could pull away completely, Dean turned back to look at him, concern etched on his features. Tightening his hold on Castiel, he asked,
Claire turned to look at Dean with sad blue eyes, so reminiscent of Cas’s lately. “I didn’t want her to tell daddy. They’d be more sad.”
The confusing and at times combative nature of his and Dean’s friendship since they’d taken the case had him on edge. He knew that they were going to have to present an image of a happy couple, but how easy that would be remained to be seen.
The shock of a worried voice pulled Castiel out of their thoughts, drawing them back into their work.
The doorbell rang, pulling Castiel out of their trance. It seemed Dean also had to shake his thoughts clear before pushing off the counter and heading to answer the door.
“Come and see.” Castiel tried to keep the excitement out of his voice, but he knew he'd failed when Dean grinned and chuckled softly.
Dean stepped forward, full of smiles and charm as he took her hand in his and shook it warmly. “Mimi, your house is beautiful.”
“Will there?” Cas scoffed, “I’ve been throwing my resume at any place that’s willing but I’m getting nothing. I’ve asked for feedback from some of the places I’ve interviewed with and all they can say is
Dean quickly paid for the items, then hurried back out to Baby to hide them away in the trunk, before rushing back inside to find Cas. It didn’t take him long because Cas hadn’t gone far at all; in fact, he was still in the flower section nearest to the entrance, and was closely examining some roses that were a deep shade of purple.
The coffee machine beeped to indicate that it was ready, and Castiel poured some into a mug, laughing humourlessly when he realised that it was the mug Dean had given him yesterday. How ridiculous that he’d thought it was more meaningful than it obviously was.
seen. The answer had been disappointing and Dean decided right then and there he needed to show Castiel every classic movie known to man.
Cas slowly turned around and nodded, but not until he’d finished pouring his coffee. “Yes. He had no news, and I told him we also had none. Except for the barbecue later.”
“Yeah, why not? That’d be great, thanks.” Dean replied enthusiastically, and Castiel wondered if he’d forgotten that they likely wouldn’t still be around on Sunday. Or maybe he thought that he should say yes in case Mimi got suspicious.
His tone felt off, but Castiel didn’t know what was behind the sudden change. Yet again, it felt like they were talking a different language… or misunderstanding each other, at the very least.
Castiel allowed Claire the silence she seemed to need, only breaking it to ask which box or suitcase she wanted some of her favorite items. They could sense she still wasn’t happy with needing to move again but she was no longer openly hostile towards them and that felt like a win in Castiel’s book.
Spotting the tin box at the end of the kitchen counter, Castiel slid it towards him and began reading through the letters once more. The heartbreak of William and Richard’s story hit him again, as he fumed at how ridiculous it was that so many humans had such a problem with any love that wasn’t heterosexual. Jack and Ennis, William and Richard, Dean and Castiel… whether they were real or fictional, it seemed their love was doomed. Castiel immediately berated himself for daring to list Dean and himself with those other couples; quite apart from any other obstacles that might exist, Dean clearly didn’t think of Castiel in that way.
“Hey, guys, we leaving anytime soon?” Sam called from the car, pulling Dean out of whatever the hell that was. He had to admit that on occasion Sam’s interruptions were welcome, and he let go of Cas’s shoulder with a feeling of relief.
Dean held out his hand to Brian and they shook hands warmly. “I’m Dean, and this is Cas. We’re your new neighbors.” He pointed his thumb back in the direction of the house as he shot a smile at Castiel.
“Yep. They probably won’t live longer than the others, and we’ll never be able to explain them to the neighbors, but that kinda makes it funnier.”
The house was quiet when Castiel got back, their least favorite part of their kids being with Kelly. It was nice to have time for themself and to sleep in just a bit longer before work, but it was also the worst to not have their kids with them each and every day.
, Sam, I’m an angel. So while angels are unable to fly during molt, although we don’t have access to all of our grace the way we usually have, our grace can still protect us. In fact, it reacts very strongly to threats. I thought I would be able to control it but my grace seems to classify every intelligent life form as a threat right now and I’m afraid I don’t know whether I could survive another one of those… outbursts while I’m bound to my vessel.”
Despite his attempts, Jack’s wails could not be stopped and Dean was not dressed enough to try and comfort him. As quickly as he could he rushed into his closet to throw on some sweats, feeling extra bad that he was basically ignoring Jack’s cries, but the moment he walked back out, Cas had made his way upstairs and had already swooped Jack up into a hug.
Castiel left the two of them to decide what to watch and wandered down the hallway towards Claire’s room at the back of the house. They knocked and opened the door, letting themself into their daughter’s room. Usually they liked to wait for her permission but it felt prudent to speak with her now.
“We took care of the siren,” Dean said. “Look, Cas isn’t doing too well and we need to go back to the bunker, in fact, we’re on our way there already. Could you and Jack go to Dr. Porter’s place and… clean up pulverized siren goo?”
“I disagree. You said very nice things about me - even though I don’t deserve much of it - you made sure I had food when I was hungry, and you saved me from Bob.”
Cas stood behind him and looked over his shoulder, everything Dean had ever told him about personal space clearly forgotten, but Dean didn’t comment on it. Poor guy had obviously enough going on and the memory of the pulverized siren was still fresh in Dean’s mind. He
“I can definitely taste it,” he said, slowly scooping up another piece. “But… I think I really don’t like carrots.” He took another bite and scrunched up his nose. “Or spinach.”
Castiel had no doubts about Dean’s talent in that regard, but he knew that his own interrogation skills weren’t exactly subtle. Before he could respond to Dean, however, Mimi appeared in front of them wearing a huge smile.
“Alright, I’ll get out of your hair,” Castiel announced, pulling themself off the couch with a grunt and a few pops of their joints. They called out Claire and Jack’s names to announce they were leaving and followed Kelly towards the front door.
Cas’s smile at that practically lit up the room. “That makes me very happy.” He shifted slightly and as he moved, his cock slipped out of Dean, making him wince.
“Jack asked if you’d play ‘Tally-la’ when you pick him up?” Cas said as they took another bite of the leftover lasagna they were eating for lunch. Dean smiled fondly to himself. He’d been around Jack since the kid was born but he never got the chance to see all the adorable that kid possessed until they’d all moved in. Now Dean had so many cute stories to tell about the silly things Jack would say or the goofy dance moves he’d show off.
They chatted for a minute or two longer, then with a regretful tone, Dean told Brittany and Matt how great it had been talking with them, but they should try to meet other neighbours too.
Cas usually hated shopping for themself. Trying on clothes, struggling to figure out if something looked good or not, static making their hair stick on end… but with Dean it wasn’t so terrible. Being the annoying human he was, Dean insisted Castiel show every single outfit off but was entirely unhelpful in helping Castiel decide since everything became Dean’s favorite outfit.
“I could repaint the windowsills while we’re here,” Dean said suddenly, pulling Castiel out of his introspection.
“Ugh, that’s gross,” Dean complained, earning a disapproving look from Cas, and a bitchface from Sam.
Sam looked between the two of them again, before a huge smile broke out on his face. “You mean to say the two of you-”
They turned back towards the clothes hoping Dean wouldn’t notice the flush creeping up their cheeks.
Seeing Cas’s face when he spotted the mug had made Dean all warm inside, and he was still feeling it after he’d tidied the kitchen and made his way up to the attic.
It had been well over a decade since Dean had lived with anyone, aside from the two months Sam stayed with him while his house finished being built.
After dispatching the second of two nasty-ass vampires - who looked nothing like Robert Pattinson and didn’t fucking sparkle - Dean slumped to the floor and caught his breath. As his breathing slowed, he looked over at Cas, leaning against the barn doors and staring at the ground, with a distraught expression clouding his features.
This was just as momentous as the day two months ago, when everyone important to the Winchesters had gathered at the bunker to witness Sam and Eileen tying the knot. It was a fucking beautiful day, and the mood was joyous. Jody and Donna had helped Dean with the food (the kitchen had a sign saying ‘Cas stay out’), and Charlie and Stevie had provided the entertainment, which consisted mostly of drinking games. Dean definitely hadn’t cried at all, and anyone who said differently was mistaken.
Their heart pounded a little as they went back out of their room, hoping they’d made a good choice putting on the makeup and the sweater.
Cas raised his eyebrow and regarded him curiously. “You prefer the opposite.” It was more statement than question.
Dean stared at Bob in disbelief for a few moments, before answering. “No. No, I’m not… neither of us are.”
A soft smile spread over Dean’s face then, as he nodded. “Yeah, that would look pretty sweet. It’s kind’ve a shame we won’t be staying, huh?” He turned to look up at the house, and shook his head sadly. “We’ll just have to make the most of the experience while we’re here.”
Castiel hung up their phone with a jab and threw it towards the couch cushions. Already Dean knew this wasn’t good news.
“Yes.” Cas nodded, before returning to his task as Dean pulled out the lighter. He flipped it open just as Cas finished the salt circle, and it wasn’t a moment too soon, because William rematerialised a second later.
as she jumped in the car every day. He loved getting the chance to hang out with them, help them with homework, and earn good night hugs as he tucked them in each night.
Clearly annoyed at Dean’s outburst, Sam turned to his brother angrily. “Dean, what is your problem? Why do you constantly say no to every case I bring up, without even listening to the details?”
He remembers that Cas had asked Dean to show some pictures of him from when he was a kid, to prove to Cas that he’d been blonde for most of his life. There were a few photos (yes, actual printed photos because they were old and phones weren’t a thing back then) of Dean when he was in elementary school, but a few of them had also been from high school, particularly the gallery night his school hosted for all the art students, the same gallery night that Dean’s first ever piece of furniture was displayed and purchased. It was purchased by his uncle Bobby, no less, but the picture showed Dean standing proud in front of a six drawer dresser, one he’d spent months working on–his uncle’s arm around his shoulder… and yes, Dean had blonde hair.
Cas looked like he was about to object, but before they could go any further with the conversation, Cas’s phone rang. He pulled it out of his pocket and peered at the screen, then quickly answered it. “Hello, Sam.”
Cas’s breath caught in their throat. It was intense to be under this particular gaze but it felt as if so many unasked questions were finally being answered. They’d seen that look in their own eyes over the years, in photos people captured of Cas with Dean. Always that same look like the sun, moon, and stars had shown themselves for the very first time. That look that said: I think I see forever in the way you smile.
Dean could see in the rearview mirror that Claire’s attitude already had Jack on the verge of tears.
“I understand. I would be angry with me too if I were in your position. I just hope you know that I did not intentionally mean to hurt you. I wanted so badly to keep us in our old home and keep you at your old school with all of your friends. I tried, sweetheart, but I just couldn’t make it work. And I know you’re going to be angry with me for a while, and it’s okay to feel that way, but I need to ask you to not take it out on your brother. He is sad about moving too, he had to say goodbye to all of his friends too. He is going through the same thing you are and needs you to be there for him, not to pick on him and make him hurt more.”
“Good morning,” Cas finally said back. As much as they knew they needed to get up, they felt they deserved the indulgence of trailing their fingertips across the contours of Dean’s gorgeous face. How did they get so lucky to see that sight every morning? Seeing the love they felt reflected back in Dean’s eyes made the moment even more perfect.
The truth hit Dean like a truck, and he dropped the photo back down onto the table, before turning to Cas. “Oh, fuck. This is so fucked up."
Dean appreciated her being forthcoming with this, he knew it would help keep Cas and Kelly from tearing the school apart.
Dean wished Cas didn’t have to settle for jobs that they were overqualified for but he figured it was better that Cas find something adjacent to their field and hopefully get to work a schedule that allowed them more time for the kids. If a secretarial position is what it took, then Dean would support Cas in it no matter what.
“Don’t worry about Dean,” Sam said, rolling his eyes dramatically. “He’s just mad because he wants to sit around twiddling his thumbs all day. I’m gonna go throw some clothes in a bag… Meet you at the car?”
“About twelve and a half years,” Dean replied without hesitation, leaving Castiel stunned. It was exactly twelve years, six months and twenty four days since they had met in that barn, and Dean’s estimate of how long it had been was so close to being exact, it was surely no accident.
Dean leaned over Cas and went in for another kiss, breathing into Cas’s mouth as he slowly slid his hand down over Cas’s chest and abdomen. When he found the waistband of Cas’s jeans, he lightly trailed his fingertips over the skin; skimming backwards and forwards a few times before finding the zipper and lowering it.
Castiel had urged them both to pick up after themselves but the requests went in one ear and out the other and Castiel just couldn’t be bothered to push the issue. Between waking up to get the kids ready and to school, unpacking boxes, working a daytime shift, rushing home to get the kids from school, getting homework and bedtime under control, and trying to spend some time with Dean, to then be woken up before dawn after only a few hours of sleep… Castiel was wiped. They felt awful for almost being glad to be away from the kids for a week as they were at Kelly’s but Castiel just wanted some time to rest. It was a lot of change in a short amount of time. But Sunday night was two nights away and Castiel still needed to entertain their kids until they dropped the two off at their mom’s.
Dean didn’t have time right then to ask why the fuck he’d done that, but the irony of where Cas had put it wasn’t lost on him. If they weren’t in actual danger, he might have even laughed about it.
Dean grinned. “So, Sam and I had this bet running. Should you ever become human again, would you prefer real food or rabbit food. Seems like I won,” Dean told him with a smirk.e would have expected Cas’ little half smile or a quiet laugh or even a lecture on how Dean could not possibly  know which food Cas liked just based on the fact he didn’t like carrots and spinach, but instead, Cas shoved his plate away from him and got up.
They left before it got dark, adamant that they were going to stay in a motel, and return in the morning before heading back to the bunker. After all, as Sam pointed out, there was no spare bed… an omission that would be rectified before their next visit.
Cas shuffled forward and grabbed Dean’s hips as he lined his cock up with Dean’s hole, then slowly pressed in. If he thought being fucked with Cas’s fingers felt good, that was nothing compared to this. There was a slight burn at the intrusion, followed by an incredible burst of white light when Cas’s cock hit his prostate.
Cas was satisfied then that he had everything he needed, and once they’d paid for it all, they brought the cart out to the car, where Cas insisted on putting the plants into the trunk himself. Using the bag of mulch as a kind of block to stop them from sliding around, he pleaded with Dean to “Please drive carefully.”
Sam had shown Dean and Castiel pictures of the house, but that had not prepared them for how beautiful the place was. Castiel had spent enough years on earth by now to recognise when something was aesthetically pleasing, and there was no doubt that this house was just that.
“You’re not,” Kelly said softly, no hint of judgement in her tone. “And I wish there was some way I could help. If you want me to keep the kids–”
Castiel walked through the hallway a few steps until they made it to the kitchen where Jack, the beam of sunshine that he was, sat merrily at the table, kicking his feet back and forth as he happily ate the scrambled eggs Dean had so kindly made them all that morning. Castiel was glad Jack woke up in a good mood. They’d been worried when their son had refused to sleep in his new bedroom the past few nights, claiming he was scared of the dark. It was going to be an adjustment for all three of them living at Dean’s.
Dean took a deep breath before saying, “I’ve been kinda thinking about how great it would be if we could stay here, y’know… like, forever.”
Cas must have taken Dean’s glass and the empty bottles, because there was no sign of them. The blanket that had been covering Dean was still lying on the sofa where he dropped it though, and as he folded it and brought it back upstairs, he couldn’t stop thinking about Cas caring for him even though he didn’t deserve it.
Cas spotted Dean in the kitchen spraying down the counters with disinfectant. To help in Dean’s nightly cleaning routine, Castiel grabbed the broom and started sweeping the crumbs off the floor.
“I’d have to agree with that,” Dean replied, since he knew it was true. Claire and Jack were freaking adorable and Dean absolutely thought Cas was too. “Both of them do.”
Jack still seemed a little hesitant but Dean could tell how much the kid wanted to play outside of his bedroom.
Dean laughed in response. What else could they expect from a four year old? There were sure to be some other embarrassing questions down the line with that curious kid.
That was something Castiel could talk about, so they blabbered on and on about both Claire and Jack, pulling out their phone when Charlie demanded pictures. It felt good to catch up with friends, to hear everything they’d been getting up to, and especially to know that Castiel wasn’t the only one going through tough times. Some friends were getting divorced, some had recently lost a family member, one of them had also lost their job. It wasn’t just Castiel who’d felt like life was harder than ever before and they realized it felt really good to have these people to talk to.
Pointedly ignoring the way Dean looking at him like that made him feel, Castiel stared at him uncomprehendingly. That had been some kind of reference, Castiel was sure of it, but as was all too often the case, he had no clue what Dean was talking about.
They brought all of Cas’s purchases around to the back garden, then Dean left him to his task, declaring that he needed to prepare the burgers. Before getting to work in the kitchen, he took his own purchases out of the trunk and hid them away in the back of a kitchen cupboard. He would surprise Cas with them when the moment was right.
He climbed out of the car and walked around it, waiting for Castiel to do the same. The house loomed ominously in the fading light, and looking up at it, Castiel was reminded of the first time he’d seen it, and how he’d imagined that it might look creepy at night. No wonder so many people were inspired to write scary stories, when settings such as this existed.
“Good thing I want to,” Dean retorted smugly. “Do you think you’ll need two weeks or do you want to aim for this weekend?”
Dean made sure to call Kelly and then Cas, while Claire went to get them some napkins and check out the claw machine the ice cream shop had.
“Er… no. We don’t need to be married to prove how much we care for each other.” If he and Dean were really a couple Castiel would want nothing more than to ‘make it official’, but he knew instinctively that taking their fake relationship to that level would be too painful for him to bear.
When their party all got up to leave, Dean wasn’t even surprised when Benny pulled him into a quick hug and asked, “You making this family thing with Cas permanent?”
Castiel nodded. “She’s definitely a female. While it’s true that female ginger cats are rare, they do exist. They just need to have the right chromosomes.”
As a form of apology, Dean whipped up some french toast and left it out for Cas to find before taking his own plate out to the garage. He didn’t want to make too much noise so he spent the better part of his morning doing any hand sanding he’d been putting off, painting, staining, and finishing some other pieces that he hadn’t been able to get to either.
“But I thought you didn’t return my feelings, especially when I tried talking to you about it after my return from the Empty. You made it clear you didn’t want to discuss it, and-”
“Cas, I’m so–I’m sorry. I know–shit. You’ve told me before to not step in with them and I was going to let you handle that and I shouldn’t have said anything. I’m sorry. I can go apologize if you–” he moved to stand up but Castiel grabbed him by the forearm.
It was funny… if Sam started yapping incessantly about nature like that, Dean would have tuned out. But Cas’s enthusiasm was pretty damn contagious, and Dean could actually feel himself encouraging him.
He chuckled and turned back to look at the room. “This would be a great place for a telescope. Not the one in the bunker, obviously, because it wouldn't be any good for looking at the stars, but one that actually works how it's supposed to. Y’know… if we were staying.” He looked slightly embarrassed, as if he’d been caught saying something he shouldn’t.
Today was one of Dean’s days off though, and he had news to share with Cas. He’d just gotten done talking to Sam on the phone, and Sam’s excitement had rubbed off on him. He’d called to tell Dean that Eileen was expecting a baby, and Dean couldn’t be happier for them.
Dean tried not to speed as he made his way over to the school but getting that call had set him on edge.
By the time Dean was finished with his task, Cas had gone back inside and was sitting on the sofa texting on his phone. Dean still hadn’t gotten used to seeing Cas doing such a human thing, and he stood watching him for a moment.
He tiptoed his way downstairs, knowing if he was caught by one of them his bad mood may turn into words he’d regret later. Dean Winchester at least knew his own faults and he definitely got a bit of his father’s temper.
“Mommy! I miss you!” Jack declared the moment Kelly opened the door. She had a smile as wide as the world when she spotted her kids and flug open her arms as they both rushed to her. As soon as greetings were over, the kids both rushed to their rooms, arguing over who would get to pick the movie after dinner.
He paced around the room, looking at all the different angles, and smiling at the thought of him and Cas sitting up there watching the stars. It was a pretty sweet dream, but sadly he knew it was never going to come true.
Castiel trusted Dean to handle it, especially since only Claire’s room had been unpacked prior to Dean and Sam’s arrival with the moving truck. It also helped that Castiel didn’t have much they needed to keep. Their kitchenware and living room furniture were either hand-me-downs from family members or a few things they’d picked up from a trip to Ikea. Since a storage room seemed like an unnecessary expense and Dean already had all the essentials at his house, most of the big items Castiel owned were being donated.
But then Cas stilled his hand and put his mouth next to Dean’s ear. “I want to be inside you,” he murmured, before nibbling on Dean’s earlobe.
It had been a hobby for a few years before he’d realized that going to college to get a degree to work in some office job just wasn’t his path. Actually, it had been Cas who had sparked the idea in Dean to pursue carpentry as a career.
Castiel quickly served themself a small plate of eggs and snagged a piece of toast from the pile Dean had left out. They hoped Claire would be ready in time to eat a little something before they needed to leave.
After day one of the new school, every morning was chaos at Dean’s house. Claire had decided she hated her new school and that she would never be friends with anyone there. Apparently the best way to prove her stance was to refuse to get ready until the very last minute.
“Nah, it’s okay. You didn’t say anything too revealing. But I don’t understand why the ghost isn’t putting in an appearance; we’ve moved in and we’re living as a couple, aren’t we?”
He knocked on Cas’s door around lunch time on Thursday, having just solidified his plan into a real possibility. The kids were away that week which Dean was glad for because it gave him the chance to talk to Cas about this without any interruptions.
“I see.” Cas took a long sip of his coffee, and Dean got the impression that that was the end of the subject.
“Purple isn’t my favorite color,” Castiel replied. They hung the purple one back on the rack, knowing they most likely wouldn’t wear that color to work, not with the royal blue vest they had to wear.
"Okay." Cas appeared to realise that his reaction hadn't helped; he was staring down at the ground, avoiding Dean's gaze.
“No!” She screamed again, pulling away despite the fact that in doing so it yanked the brush through her tangles with a cringeworthy tear. Castiel let go of the brush immediately, hoping she didn’t hurt her scalp.
“Yeah… sorry, Cas.” Dean let go of him and dropped his gaze to the ground as he tried to think of something to say.
Once they’d all ran out the door, Dean was left with the mess that was left in their wake. And boy were they messy. He’s talking crumbs on the counter and floor, peanut butter and jelly stains on every flat surface, cabinets left open, they’d even left the fridge open too. It was a state he had never seen his kitchen in.
Dean could’ve used a handbook on all of this. Going from zero roommates to three as well as a shared custody arrangement where he only had one roommate every other week. It might have been helpful to know how to handle all of it. Especially since for the past decade he lived alone, full bachelor lifestyle, not a single child in sight. Before, he didn’t have to worry about pissing with the door open or having to make sure he didn’t walk out of his bedroom ass naked every morning because there were kids around. But now he really did because like the idiot he was, that’s exactly what happened.
