His questions of the interruption faded into curiosity as he watched the person continue on their path. Yup, it was him; Dean's mystery beach boy was back. And for some reason, he hadn't stopped walking yet, entering the no-man's-land that rested between them and still approaching. Dean was still staring. He tore his eyes away when the boy looked his way, positive he noticed. Dean's coverup was to keep searching the shoreline, exaggerating a bit as he craned his neck to look the opposite direction down the sand. When Dean turned back to face the water, he discreetly watched from the corner of his eye.
. Cutesy, even. He had entered directly into the back hallway, so he couldn’t imagine how the lobby or exam rooms looked. The walls were painted with a cartoon mural of various animals, birds, cats, dogs, reptiles... Dean leaned against the wall to take it all in but grimaced when he saw his hand left behind a streak of blood on the paint.
The gentleness in your eyes when you thought I didn’t notice you staring. The way you watched my lips and licked your own. She could have easily read into that. It would be understandable if she did.” The last sentence Castiel spoke seemed to hold an extra weight that Dean immediately vowed to ignore.
Dean stood leaning against the exam table now, Castiel in front of him, their eyes locked in a sort of staring contest. The space between them was quickly covered as Cas took a few deliberate steps forward, now less than a foot away from Dean. Clearly not intimidated or worried about the strange blood-covered intruder, Castiel patted the table next to Dean, signaling him to hop up, making a pleased grunt in the back of his throat as acknowledgment when Dean did as indicated. Walking over to the sink to wash his hands, the man stopped and grabbed a lab coat from where it hung on a hook on the wall. Dean reminded himself that he was absolutely not attracted to a man in uniform, and absolutely didn’t have a thing for
Dean grinned at Cas, reaching up to ruffle his hair. “Don’t tell Sam you come here though, he’ll drive you crazy with all the stories about the forest gods and stuff.”
. Yeah, he was kinda stabbed by a hot vampire chick. He made a mental note to clean the wall once he was done, and once he ventured in a little further, was able to locate an exam room. This room was painted up to look like a forest, complete with trees and flowers. Dean spotted a bunny on the wall, made to look as if it was sitting on the counter, its floppy ears sticking in opposite directions. A jar of cotton balls sitting next to an even larger jar full of dog biscuits reminded Dean of a very distant memory of being at the pediatrician's with his mother and picking out a green lollypop after he was brave for a shot. He may not have a lot of real “normal” world knowledge to pull from, but as a frequent viewer, one may even say a fan, of Dr. Sexy, MD, he knew enough to at least fake his way around a doctor’s office.
The beach was small enough that you couldn't escape the sounds of Dean's little radio. This didn't usually bother anyone; on busy days, the other beachgoers added their own noises to the mayhem, and on quiet days there wasn't anyone to complain. Dean dragged his eyes away from the boy and his book, opting to refocus on the waves and smooth guitar riffs from his speakers. A few songs later, the music faded into a commercial break with a jump in volume that shocked Dean out of his reverie just in time to see the other boy startle as well.
“I really do mean that. There are a few simple changes I would make in order to increase security, and as I mentioned before, your Enochian is poorly.” Castiel spoke with entirely too much pride for Dean’s liking. How’d he feel if Dean walked into his… nest or whatever and started telling him how to pray?
In this case, his pants literally were down. He pulled them up & rushed to the door, straightening his shirt & flinging the door open before he could chicken out. He was ready to blurt out an apology, to say he’d move out, to wish he’d told him sooner that he could hear, but the sight of the man in front of him stole every single thought out of his head. Sex Voice was fucking stunning. When the man spoke, just an apology for being a bother, Dean had to physically fight his own features to keep his jaw from dropping. He sounded even hotter without the barrier of plaster between them.
“Alright, this is a little creepy, fine.” Dean gave in, his words heavy, but not slurred. Cas wished his slow drawl made more frequent appearances, and he guessed he’d have good reason to drink with Dean again. Cas smiled, entirely pleased if not a little smug that Dean had admitted he was wrong.
he had shut. He held back the annoying instinct to call out ‘who’s there’ like the first dumbass to die in a horror movie and instead stayed quiet, listening for even the faintest sign of trouble.
When he spoke, however, there was no malice in his voice, only reverence. "Dean, there was absolutely nothing to make up for." Castiel grabbed Dean's hand firmly, entwining their fingers together on the seat between them. "I loved every minute of it, yesterday and today." Castiel stared deep into Dean's eyes, both of them leaning on each other for support, while the intensity behind their connection didn't leave any room for doubt to form. Dean didn't realize he was smiling until he felt his cheeks ache.
Cas stepped back a little and nodded to his friend. Dean took a deep breath, steeling himself to appease Castiel. He closed his eyes for a few seconds before opening them and focusing intently on the retreating tunnel of his reflection, squinting.
Initially, when Dean noticed Cas was distracted by his arms at the diner, he wrote it off as another Cas quirk. Weird guy was probably giving him an angelic Superman x-ray or checking for carpal tunnel or some shit like that. But now? Anything was fair game. Dean wasn’t going to accept this blame. It
himself pine over for the last years; that's how far out of reach Dean had been. Between the Catholic boarding school outlook on sexuality and the dozens of girls in their grade that would have gladly taken Cas's place, he never thought it would be worth even letting himself look at other boys like that. Castiel had always been teased mercilessly for being gay, even before he'd known he was himself, and so football captains like Dean were much further out of his league than he would like to admit.
"Not that often," Dean laughed, the noise much smoother and less harsh than the laughter usually heard from Dean and his group of friends. Castiel liked this laugh a lot more. "I found it at the end of last year… I just thought it would be a nice place for, y'know," Dean lifted a camera to his classmate with the words.
“Are you saying that I could put that information to use?” Dean shot right back, his gaze bearing further into Cas’s eyes.
rules, Cas!” Dean poked at Cas’s arm, earning a little squeal from the boy. “Alright, my turn.” Dean rolled up his newspaper sheet, carefully bending and crinkling the paper, his face screwed up in a look of intense concentration. Castiel couldn’t help but stare, Dean’s freckled, tan skin looked like it was glittering gold in the candlelight, his hair, god, his hair was even more distracting to Cas. It was the way Dean always wore it spiked up a little by the end of the day, especially this late, it was messy and gorgeous and Cas had half a mind left to keep himself from saying that all out loud.
“Well. Shit.” Dean wasn’t quite sure where to go with this. He knew he started it, but he couldn’t have known it was going
Cas opened the door to their room, and the familiar old motel door squeak broke Dean out of his reverie. With his mind racing a mile a minute, Dean found himself falling into his usual posturing as a defense. He shouldered his way through the door first, thinking the way he bumped against Cas served as payback for the constant contact he had been subjected to all day.
Cas pulled away and let his eyes trace Dean's figure, making him squirm under the scrutiny. He nodded once to himself and pulled out his phone quick as a whip, snapping a photo of Dean before he could react. Dean grumbled about it, only quieted by a reminder of his earlier promise.
“Me? Stare?” Dean barked out a laugh. “Buddy, that’s your M.O. How do you know she didn’t see the way you couldn’t take your eyes off of my arms when I rolled up my sleeves?” To be fair, Dean couldn’t recall if that had happened before or after the woman’s assumption, but his point still stood.
He did; he did know that. Dean nodded. The angel turned his face in, brushing his cheek against Dean’s neck, inciting a shiver with the way breath moved over the skin of his throat. He really was starting to feel like Demi Moore with the way Castiel’s hands were placed over his own, one still moving over the sigil and the other resting at their side.
“These are my last two. You can take 'em since I know how much it sucks to run out of power in the middle of… something.” The pause before something was more of hesitation than a tease, but Dean saw the way Castiel’s jaw clenched, & he felt the man look him up & down. That was enough to goad him on, so he continued. “Or, you could stay for a drink? Maybe then we’ll see if you wanna take these home?” Dean waved the package a little, hoping he wasn’t too forward.
It had been an hour of lounging around and watching the water when Dean decided to grab a second beer. As he leaned forward, he saw a blurry figure walking up the shoreline. Dean sighed and squinted his eyes, trying to identify the figure, and found himself hoping it was the weird little teenage businessman he'd been seeing. As much as Dean liked his solitary beach time, coveting time to sing with his rock music without being side-eyed for belting too loudly, he couldn't shake the intrigue he'd felt since he first laid eyes on the boy.
"Castiel, your mother and I... All three of us," He gestured to Cas widely. "We're done hopping from town to town. We got the funding to open a branch just miles away. Starting tomorrow, you can have a normal senior year..."
Castiel raised an eyebrow as if chastising a child, and to the Dean’s slight embarrassment, it did quiet his protestations.
When Cas noticed the emotion welling up in Dean's chest, he just gave him time, sat there in silence just witnessing. The carefully constructed barriers Dean built had a strong foundation inherited from his father, and they rarely crumbled. When Dean shuffled the conversation away from himself with a half-smile and a "c'mon, tell me about you," Cas was just as willing to share.
at Dean. The reality of the situation hadn’t set in (Dean was currently shirtless in a veterinarian’s office, his jeans were caked in mud and vamp blood, and he very much broke in), and so Dean was mostly focused on deflecting away from his embarrassment at being
Their bodies were lined up, Dean’s back to Castiel’s chest, flush from the ground to where Castiel tucked his head onto Dean’s shoulder. He brought their joined hands up to the sigil behind the couch that Dean had drawn earlier, Dean’s finger brushing against the chalk dusted plaster. He was speechless, his mind blank for the first time since he caught the angel fishing up there.
He shook himself out of his reverie, just to immediately drop back in time to the diner and the nosy waitress and Castiel’s obvious fault in the situation.
“Most victims of a mugging would call the police, I don’t think many would turn around and then commit a crime of their own.” The man started towards Dean, his voice calm and sure as ever. He walked with a posture that made Dean think ex-military but noting softness in Castiel’s expressions and that bedhead that would have any ranking officer offended, Dean immediately nixed that idea. Castiel crossed his arms, again stepping back to stand in front of Dean, close enough that Dean couldn’t hop off the table without pressing against him. Despite the challenge in his words, he seemed at ease as ever. Dean suspected that the man in front of him didn’t face many situations where he didn’t get what he wanted, something Dean could relate to, something that twisted up his stomach in anticipation. From this short interaction, Dean already felt himself itching to tell Castiel something stupid, like the truth, despite how he felt the flames of danger creeping towards him.
The night of their first kiss, Dean stumbled out of his car, tipsy on the taste of Castiel on his lips. Bobby was still sitting on the porch with his beer in hand, and when Dean couldn't wipe his dopey smile off, the older man just raised an all-knowing eyebrow. Dean hurried inside before he had to field questions about his heart-eyes.
Dean couldn't help but smile and give a little wave when the boy glanced over. The towel he always splayed across the sand was
Dean laughed, holding up his hand and wiggling his fingers. “Huh, yeah, I guess. You spend a lotta time looking at my hands?”
Dean knew his level of indignity far exceeded what was necessary, but Dean wielded it like a shield.
“I’m sure I could think of a few, but I also try to keep things focused on the patient while on the job,” Cas spoke with a renewed twinkle in his eye, somehow leaning even closer, still not close enough. Dean was pretty sure this was a dream; perhaps the vampire attack earlier was worse than he thought and this was heaven, he had died and his heaven had a super hot Vet trying (successfully) to seduce him. Either that, or someone must have hacked into his fantasies because there was no way he was standing across from someone who sounded like
The woman serving their table had grinned at them, Dean had given her his best charming smile in return, they ordered, and the woman disappeared.
If Dean’s mind weren’t entirely blank, he’d use the moment as a teaching opportunity, showing Cas exactly why people always assumed there was
Castiel put a hand to Dean’s arm, and with a foreign, otherworldly sensation, the two of them were yanked rather unceremoniously from the upstairs spare room, back down to where Dean had spread out his belongings. The whole thing was so sudden, the feeling of solid ground and any sort of confidence in the situation
think you’d find that, historically, my oversized, genderless blouse is much more accurate than those horrible business suits.”
Even though Dean would have chosen to run rampant with the other boys, he really would do anything for Castiel, as long as he asked. If that meant giving up one of the last nights of winter break for a quiet night in, that’s how it was going to be. Especially since Cas had let it drop that he typically spends this time alone, unwilling and unwelcome to join any of the groups. Dean turned his attention to Cas, his slight restlessness was only evident in the way he fiddled with the hem of his shirt.
That only served to confuse the angel more. Dean thought angels would be at least… Who knows, somehow kept up to date with modern media. This guy has never seen a scary movie where that exact tactic is the end of the line for the dude yelling?
“Two doubles, thanks,” Dean cut off Cas’s train of thought, not wanting to hear whatever he was attempting to say.
"I guess so. Did it work?" Cas managed to sound nonchalant; the bundle of nerves he seemed to be gathering was concealed in his tone.
Dean slid off the couch and over to Cas, kneeling next to him. He reached out and lifted the back of Castiel’s shirt further, and immediately huffed out a laugh. With his other hand, Dean peeled the little circle off of Cas’s back, the man letting out a small squeal as he did. “Dean, what’re you doing?” His voice had a hint of a warning in it, and he sat up and faced his friend.
there?" He did dorky little one-handed air quotes, his other arm supporting his weight as he stared down at Dean. With the nod given in confirmation, Castiel just smiled and leaned back down, and if Dean had noticed he was slightly closer, he wasn't going to complain. Cas's foot bumped up against his, and the simple moment of contact made Dean's stomach explode with butterflies. He thought Cas might be onto something with his mention of "something more."
Castiel had finished his classwork and was busy tuning out the world with a novel when he felt a tap on his shoulder, just like when Meg grabbed his attention. A spin in his chair revealed a girl who might as well have been Meg's opposite but still managed to make Castiel feel just as comfortable from their first interaction.
His face was scrunched up in concentration, fingers fumbling with the clasp of his necklace, his neck twisted unnaturally to try and see where he was going wrong. His nose was wrinkled; his tongue was poked out between his teeth. Castiel felt affection rise in his chest, and then deeper, another feeling, one he has come to identify as a desire for Dean, caused him to fumble over his words when he spoke next.
Sure he could have hoped, but that’s different. Dean was dangerously close to falling silent with his jaw dropped, so he decided to get the ball back into Cas’s court. “And so, the wax?” The words came out sounding choked, but maybe Cas wouldn’t hear. Now that it was back on Cas, he was sure that dealing with whatever he was going to say was better than stuttering and stumbling over his words.
. Cas had a way of speaking that felt like his voice was reaching inside Dean’s chest, lighting him up from inside. “It would be remarkably unprofessional at this point to not ensure that you begin your healing process as safely as possible.”
Dean laughed, free and careless, with his head hanging back and his neck lax.” Yeah, right, buddy. Just shout out my position and my name and hope the serial killer who broke in doesn’t come to shoot me about it.”
He couldn’t pull his gaze higher than the other man’s lips. Dean’s voice came out in a quiet hush, anyone other than Cas might have missed it. “I’m scared too.”
Dean pulled away to respond, his usual teasing glint in his eyes back. “Been thinkin’ ‘bout how you want me?”
Dean and Gilda continued their friendly small talk, but Castiel could sense it was just that. Dean wasn't here to see her; he was waiting for someone. Did Dean know it was him? Was he waiting for Castiel to stand up? Castiel couldn't even hear specific words anymore, his head was filled with cotton, and his heart was in his throat.
“Yes. No. Well, yes.” Too much was happening in his brain. Forming some sort of cohesive sentence was proving to be difficult in the midst of Castiel’s panic. “No. How do we do this? Or what is this, or what should I do? What do we do at school?”
Castiel just ignored him, his hands busy with the various items on the table, moving things this way and that until it was just right. A few moments later, he looked up to see Dean, his eyebrows raised, face lax in an expression that screamed his reluctance to be there. “Take off any jewelry or protection, we have to open ourselves up to the other side,” Castiel spoke as he started to do just that, slipping the bracelets he wore from his wrists then carefully removing his rings. Cas placed them into a small dish on the table before turning his attention to Dean again.
He cleared his throat, both to draw Castiel’s attention back to him and also to settle his nerves a bit. “So, um, thank you. Cas. Cast-ee-el.” He drew out the syllables to ensure it was correct, and when Cas turned to look at him over his shoulder, he knew he was right by the genuine grin he was faced with. The man nodded, accepting the thanks, but just stood in waiting, as if expecting an explanation from Dean. “I…. Um, I’m sorry about... I broke in.”
. Dean let his eye contact break as he fluttered his eyelashes shut. Cas brushed a thumb over Dean’s cheek then, the gesture so
Castiel met Dean's eyes and shook his head no. Now that he was so close to Dean, he realized the only thing missing in the photo was a focus on the boy's eyes. "No, here, you lo-"Cas cut himself off, flicking his gaze away. "The
This was the routine. Dean would listen as the man would whine & moan & manage to craft some of the filthiest sentences that Dean had ever heard outside of porn. The man & his incredibly undeserving partner (Dean was still at a loss as to how someone could be in bed with
"Sorry I didn't do the date thing first before I jumped down your throat yesterday." Dean nudged Castiel's side with his elbow just to see him squirm away with a tiny smile. "But did today make up for it?"
When he finished the stitches, Castiel brushed his fingertips across Dean’s unmarried skin above the injury, the touch much less clinical now, dancing from his chest up to his collarbone, distracting Dean with one touch as his other hand moved between them. Dean almost let out a reflexive yelp when Cas wrapped his hand around his ankle, but he stifled it with a quiet gasp. It was just a second, Cas moving his legs further apart and then just... releasing his grip without following through on any of the fantasies now swirling around in Dean’s brain. He simply opened the cabinet drawer between Dean’s calves, but something about the touch still made Dean feel like he was out of breath.
Dean took a deep breath, licking his lips and looking away. “You, Cas. C’mon.” He spoke the words just loudly enough for the other man to hear him, and Dean lowered his head, breathing hot puffs of air against Castiel’s length, waiting for permission. “Lemme taste you, please,” Dean isn’t one to beg, but there’s an exception to every rule.
. Based on the responding pink blush that spread across the angel’s face, he had, in fact, been up in Dean’s brain and hadn’t quite hopped back out yet. Great. Now he was definitely going to Hell. If the attempted angel murder hadn’t done it, those quite un-angelic pornographic thoughts he’d just projected to Castiel would for sure be his damnation.
startled Cas from his focus, and he quickly marked his page and set aside the binder. When he turned to address his passengers, Dean met his look with a smile. Castiel liked how Dean smiled with his whole face. Crinkled corners of his eyes, flushed cheekbones, his smile nearly glowing. If his hair was mussed before, Cas wasn’t sure there was an appropriate way to describe it now. Dean caught his gaze and ran his fingers through the mess in an attempt to erase the clear signs of having his hair pulled. Cas let his eyes drop for a second to where the top few buttons of Dean’s shirt remained undone and confirmed that Dean’s blush carries down his neck onto the top of his chest. So did his freckles.
For the resulting twenty minutes or so, Castiel led Dean around the space, showing him a few additional sigils, combining a few here and there, beefing up the existing protection, and adding some in languages Dean had barely heard of, let alone knew how to write in. He spoke the entire time, with the precise knowledge of a being who’d seen these languages come to be. The whole experience was entirely too educational and not nearly enough sexually charged enough for Dean’s likings, especially in comparison to his earlier fantasy.
Once again, Dean refocused his priorities. It was easier now that there was a woman in front of him, her fingers slid up his arm to rest on his bicep. He played the part, used a fake name for the introduction, barely processed hers, and within no time, they didn’t need to talk anymore. Dean kept his mind centered, his senses taken over by… Madison or Diana or
"Nice, choir boy points," Dean's words were teasing, but there was no malice, only warmth. Cas found himself blushing and holding back a big smile that would give away his slowly forming crush. "I just used the bus stop, nothin' too special. Bet yours were much better. Do you think you could…". Dean trailed off, lifting up his camera again, this time as an offering to Castiel, who just squinted back in return.
Cas didn’t move closer, just spun around to lean casually back against the sink. Dean thanked the gods (some of which he’s killed, so he also apologized just in case they held a grudge) that the man was wearing pajamas and not a damned lab coat. Dean was already having a hard time holding back, if this fit any more clearly into his fantasies he would have imploded. Dean’s eyes still roved over Castiel’s body, until he was sucked back into their staring contest. Still feeling challenged, not that it was a problem, Dean continued, voice more nervous than intended. “I just picked a lock, it’s not like I broke any windows or anything, I just…. I needed to sort this out and get home, I don’t want to be any trouble..”
Dean reached out and lightly skimmed his fingertips across Castiel’s chest, from shoulder to shoulder, dancing across the man’s collarbones. Cas shivered, eyes still trained on Dean’s face. Dean’s gaze was fixed to his own hands and the skin he was offered the ability to touch. He let his hand fall flat and dragged it down, across Cas’s pectorals, down his stomach, stopping right at the waistband of those damned tiny shorts. Dean’s gaze downwards gave away just how much this was affecting Castiel as well, seeming as though they were on equal footing with their arousal or the signs of it. That gave him a boost of determination, his other hand reaching out as well to run boldly down the side of Cas’s body, feeling for any remaining candle wax. He didn’t find any, nor did he expect to. He didn’t remove his hands from Cas’s hips.
Cas told stories with an odd, reverent intensity. Dean knew that when Castiel spoke, it was the entire truth. The usual barriers or filters Dean was used to seeing in others didn't exist for Castiel. At first, it had made Dean feel exposed even though it was Castiel opening up.
Castiel’s eyes went out of focus for a moment as he thought, a quick flicker of consciousness that made Dean feel uneasy. “Two years, three months, and seventeen days.”
Plus, the guy had said he’d been on earth in this body for over two years; he had to be sorta used to it. Dean couldn’t be the only hot-blooded American male who had it bad for dark, messy hair, blue eyes, high cheekbones, lips to die for…
The way Cas spoke so plainly made it so easy to forget that he shouldn’t be doing this. Cas was speaking with his head leaned back onto Dean’s shoulder, his ass still sinfully close to Dean’s erection, his neck exposed.
They spent the drive back holding hands between them on the bench seats of Dean’s car, singing along to the radio.
, Dean thought, the kid was looking for an out. Dean had only just introduced himself and already scared him off. Before Dean could start stumbling through an apology that involved a cheesy D.A.R.E. peer pressure joke, Castiel took him off guard.
Dean had expected to be led over to the rows of shelves where the potted plants were displayed, but instead, Cas just squeezed his arm again, only letting go once they were both facing the available seed packets.
The heat that flickered from Dean's fingers against Cas's where they curled and met around the camera was distracting but easy enough to ignore. Cas was used to shuttering his longing. But, once Castiel saw the way Dean watched his lips, he dared to think the feeling could be mutual. Under the gentle light, it was easy to forget themselves, and Cas found himself tilting his head closer towards Dean's. Before he could pull away, Dean let out a soft breath and surged forward, capturing Cas's lips in an unexpected kiss.
Dean looked pleased with the change, relaxing further back into the leather seat as the light turned green and they moved forward again. “Just you, drivin’ me to the club on a Friday night as usual.” Another one of those damned smiles that set Castiel’s skin alight. “Anything a guy like me could do for you?”
to show Castiel before he realized how ridiculous he sounded. Beyond that, his fuckin’ brain was basically being projected out to the angel he had found himself domestically fantasizing about. It was somehow way worse than the sex thoughts from earlier. Before he could be caught pining for an angel he just met, he turned the focus away.
The mundane town didn’t lend itself to a very exciting summer, or at least it hadn’t for the majority of the locals, and Castiel couldn't field off the questions for too long about what he’d been up to since he moved. It was nearly instant, the way the girls spin on him, and he was faced with the eager eyes of Meg and her friends, begging for the details.
When Castiel heard Gilda's excited "hello," he assumed Charlie and Jo had returned. Before he could spin around and check, the resounding response caused panic to bubble into his chest. The familiar timbre could only belong to one person.
Auto-shop projects went by the wayside, Castiel drifted into center stage. The nap he needed to take in order to avoid thinking about Cas was foiled by his summer with Cas. Figures. He opened his eyes, nearly screaming when he realized there was someone in his passenger seat.
Dean was far too distracted and needed to get out of his head, mainly if Castiel stayed there. Only space enough for one of them.
Castiel - and thank God for the guy, literally - bailed Dean out of his own thoughts when he rose to his feet, reaching out a hand to help Dean to rise as well. Dean took it, even though he didn’t need the support to his feet, reveling in the electric touch.
While they were interviewing a witness, Cas reached over Dean to collect his empty coffee cup and refill it, as if a ritual for them.
“Now you want it?” Cas taunted Dean, having been brought to the brink of frustration seemed to bring out the dominant side in him. Dean whined, loud and shameless, opening his mouth to show Cas what he wanted. “You had me spread out and begging but you just had to wait…” Dean pushed his tongue against his bottom lip, pleading with Castiel wordlessly, his eyes wide, eyebrows furrowed. Castiel let go of Dean’s hair, caressing his cheek before pulling his hands back. “Tell me what you want.”
Dean was disappearing into the thrall of people waiting outside the club before Castiel could correct him on today’s chosen topic. The paleontology book was last week, technically focused on the philosophy surrounding the field rather than the lighter topic Dean referenced. Today Castiel had brought along a thesis he had stumbled across and he was more than excited to lose himself in postulations about the effects of technological advancement on travel industries.
. Dean leaned into the touch, Cas’s hand lingering against his cheek felt too much like home to turn it away.
Castiel’s lips twitched with the ghost of a laugh, and Dean remembered the guy’s lacking understanding of privacy. The mindreading thing was getting old, quick.
Cas followed from a few paces back, only stepping forward to intervene with his copy of the key while Dean fished through his pockets for the key. Cas barely reacted to Dean’s huffing at having already misplaced the damned thing in the 35-second walk from the desk to where they stood.
The embarrassment was Dean’s now. At his hesitation, Sam practically howled with laughter. Their ability to read each other went both ways, unfortunately for Dean. The older brother huffed, crossing his arms in frustration & readjusted his seating position to kill time while Sam’s fit dissolved into a final breathless giggle.
“So you knew I’m a hunter, and you still thought it’d be a good idea to sneak up on me? And why are you friggin’ asking questions about my damn sigils for? Had me thinkin’ I’d need to explain a few things to someone outside of the life.” Dean’s frustration leaked easily into his tone. Now that he knew Castiel was his damned contact, he could talk to him like they were on the job together, since they kinda were. Dean thought. Really, he wasn’t sure what was happening anymore.
“Dude, S’not like I can’t kill you with those. You’re an angel. That’d be like. A nerf-gun shot to the back at worst for you, right?”
When Castiel found himself reaching down to grab Dean’s hand, where it lay on his side, he sighed at how easily their fingers slotted together. Dean stirred, shifting closer than before, and Cas held his breath, sliding his eyes shut as if he were asleep. One. Two. Three. Cas counted the seconds, focusing as intently as possible on the numbers as he definitely blocked out the way that Dean’s lower legs were lazily tangled with his now, how Dean pulled their joined hands in close towards his chest. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Castiel opened his eyes again, and this time he was met with a half-lidded green stare. Castiel froze as if he was the one who was caught staring, and Dean huffed out something close to a laugh.
When Dean spoke, Castiel pretended not to hear the way it was pitched down, and not just from the liquor. “Remington ‘n’ Clifford.” Dean looked back for confirmation from the woman. She nodded. Dean must have smiled at her based on the way she lit up. Castiel knows what it’s like to be on the receiving end of one of those soul-deep Dean smiles, but when Dean turned, the look he had given her was more hollow than Cas was used to seeing. Hollow was not a word Cas would choose to describe the Dean smiles he covets so much. To Castiel’s stifled delight, Dean brightened right back up to the sunshine glow he usually emits when Cas pulled out his driving gloves and slid them on. Castiel felt a little selfish for hoping that maybe he is one of the chosen few who are granted access to the genuine Dean.
Cas frowned then, his forehead scrunching up at the observation. "Is that supposed to be a compliment?"
When Dean finally stopped laughing, Castiel was staring at him, the tension had leaked out of his stance entirely as he watched Dean all but writhe around the front seat in a fit of giggles. He didn’t look angry anymore, not at all. Cas had
“Alright, man,” Dean started quickly, standing up straight from where he was pressed against the wall. Castiel didn’t spook, and so he continued. The situation was already weird enough; a little bit of the truth couldn’t hurt, right? “So, as much as I appreciate the view, and believe me, sweetheart, I do, I gotta get some shuteye. I gotta early meeting with some chick and then a witch-hunt to go on tomorrow.”
Cas couldn't hold the bitter tone from seeping into his voice, but no one seemed to notice. The barriers he’d constructed around his emotions were flimsy, built quickly and with no time to labor over the details. It was all still raw, the paint still drying. His fractured sentences barely captured everything he was feeling, but even just recalling what had happened stung deep. He apologized for the mood drop, wishing he had a more satisfying ending to the story for both himself and the girls around him. Still, life wasn't a stage musical, and not every relationship earned a satisfying conclusion.
did Castiel look solid. Dean didn’t doubt the man could throw him around regardless of height. Dean shook the man’s hand in introduction, offering his name as well, pretending not to swoon at the solid grip of their greeting.
"Nope. Thanks though, ma'am," said Dean. Cas could see that the tips of his ears were red. That was a telltale sign that he was one key comment away from a full-blown blush, and it hurt Cas to know he no longer needed those little bits of knowledge he had gathered about Dean. It was no longer relevant, and the sooner he forgot the details, the easier to move on it would be.
“Can’t wait too long before our next one, grab the bottle,” Cas spoke without context before they could move on from the first shot.
He felt like he was being marched around with how quickly Charlie beelined to the sign-in booth, their hands still joined together. She handled it for both of them, ensuring they wouldn't be marked tardy or absent for their next class. That was Castiel's main worry, and once handled, he felt free enough to actually look around and see what needed to be done.
Not that Dean would stand for that though, he reached out to snake his arms around Castiel’s waist and tried to tug him back. Dean huffed at the lack of attention, pulling himself closer until his lips met the other man’s neck. Dean was rewarded with a rumbling groan when he nipped at the pulse point, the two of them standing in the room as a perverted statue of what could have been with the earlier hunt with the vampire. The reminder of the danger alone had a vague sense of adrenaline set in, each touch, each sound amplified for Dean in much of the same way it would during a fight, but caresses being what sent him reeling, not fists landing hard blows.
Castiel actually laughed at that thought, barely ashamed for eavesdropping on Dean’s internal monologue. “Do not be afraid,” the angel started, and Dean snorted out a laugh at the stereotypical phrase. Castiel started again. “I am sure Ariel did not feel pain the way you are expecting. Dean, I…” Castiel trailed off, his gaze falling down and out of focus. “Although we are within a human vessel, we are still… Quite unfathomable. For a hunter.”
“Some chick?” Castiel asked, and Dean again wondered what the Hell this guy’s deal is for that part to be the top priority. Most normal folk would ask about the fuckin witch hunt he’d mentioned.
Castiel was still stuck on the ‘for years’ part of Dean’s statement, but he let it drop in favor of teasing instead. “That makes me
He had been staring for too long, and Cas let out an impatient whine, pulling at the grip Dean had on his hair to try and get closer. “Tease,” Cas moved his hands down from Dean’s shoulders, skimming over his chest to tug at the shirt Dean was wearing, the last barrier between Cas’s bare chest and his own. Cas stared Dean down, a silent question in his eyes.
Castiel even shook hands like he was at a job interview, grasping Dean's hand in a way that could only be described as professional. It made Dean laugh a little. Between that, the boy's stick straight posture, and his fancy shoes, Castiel looked like a teenage accountant. Dean had an urge to see him loosen up a bit, and if he was lucky, to be the one to help facilitate that.
Dean nearly broke down when Cas reached his other hand up to rest softly on his neck. He couldn't hold back and absolutely no part of him wanted to. Dean closed the distance, his lips meeting with Castiel's, but this time the avalanche he felt inside was just on this side of overwhelming. When neither of them pulled back, Dean felt the tension fall away. Everything fell away. All at once, Dean's arms were around Cas, slipping under that damned trenchcoat to tug him in by the waist, Cas gripped a hand into Dean's hair even though it was too short to get any real purchase, his other hand still cupped under Dean's chin.  Everything was Castiel, feelings Dean hadn't even realized he locked away were rushing through his body and pulling him higher and higher until neither of their feet were on the ground, the feeling of the car door on Dean's back even washing away in the sea of
Who Cas is was enough for Dean to unravel, thank you very much; there was no need to fixate on what he could not fathom.
"I'm Charlie. Nice to meetcha! Are you going to the activities fair thingy after classes today?" As Charlie spoke, Castiel really solidified his earlier thought of how different she was from Meg. Charlie's charm was evident, worn on her sleeve, and displayed with her warm smile and open posture. She reminded Cas of the way Dean had been all summer, nothing but cheeky grins and sparkling eyes.
It was entirely his fault that everyone was misreading the situation, and Dean had half a mind to call him out.
Castiel squinted, tilting his head as he was unsure where Dean was headed with this. “Then you know who you’re gonna marry.” Castiel wasn’t slurring, but it was clear by his appearance and the way he was swaying where he stood that he was affected by his consumption.
"Sorry, just think you looked cute. That not good enough of a reason?" Dean loved that, teasing Cas. He had stepped around flirtation with their jokes in the past, but now that their attraction was out in the open, Dean felt free like never before.
All that mattered was that the skin on Castiel’s neck seemed to be just as soft as his fingertips and the warmth he emitted felt like it made Dean glow from the inside out.
The cabin was dimly lit and nearly empty, just the way Cas always found it. This time though, he had set up a display, an altar of sorts on the table in the middle of the room. Castiel had snuck out of his house and into the woods with a bag full of items to make this possible, and he thought it was worth it. From the old-fashioned candlestick holders, the long plain wax candles topped with their tiny sources of light, to the intricately painted dishes he had placed, to his ornate standing mirror, everything was perfect. He had gathered some pine branches, arranged them here and there. A long wooden dish held an unlit stick of incense, and Castiel used the flame of a nearby candle to start it as well. The trail of smoke wafted up and away from the decorated table, mixing a faint scent of musk and spices into the air. Castiel took a deep breath and smiled.
Cas patted the couch next to him and Dean realized he had just been staring, always staring, but this time his eyes were wandering. Cas’s arms, his chest, his stomach (peeking out of course - that goddamned shirt), his hips, his thighs... He shook himself out of it, forcing his body up and over to join Cas on the couch.
that Dean thought he might just blackout from the intensity of the moment. An avalanche of feelings was crashing down onto Dean now that he felt permission, consent. He knows that Cas has thought about this before, he said for a long time, and Dean’s getting ahead of himself. They did promise to talk later, and Dean would rather focus on the man grinding against him.
Dean could do little more than watch this man curiously from his place on the floor. Once Castiel was leaning against the wall, the shotgun awkwardly held in one hand, the pistol still pointed towards Dean, he spoke. “Alright. You can get up. But don’t come closer. Go over there.” Castiel pointed at the wall across from him, putting a good 15 feet between them.
Castiel groaned with a hint of embarrassment at his liquor-induced clumsiness. Dean didn’t let go; first, he ensured that Cas was steady and still standing close before he dropped his hands to his lap. “See,” Dean went on as if nothing had happened, and Cas would have believed him if he couldn’t still feel the desperate burning ache of Dean’s hand on his hip. “Look.” Cas looked up at the mirror, and he was confused.
Dean’s shoulders tensed, his hackles raised as a defense. Was it him? Some sort of energy or some abstract, uncontrollable trait Dean possessed that had everyone around him assuming his sexuality? Was there a post-it stuck to his back that said, “Hey! I’m banging Cas”?
Dean was familiar with the feeling of whiskey as an anesthetic and an untrained pair of hands playing doctor and fixing him up after hunts. If he ended up bitten or slashed or shot or any other type of injured, his father would shove a bottle of whiskey in his hand and turn one of the single beds in their motel room into an operating table. Amateur stitches, bullets pried from wounds with nothing but a rag between his teeth to dull the pain, the sting of vodka as an aseptic, all of these things were entirely commonplace as first aid for a hunter. After all, it was easier to just deal with the wounds yourselves than to try and explain away fang marks on your neck to a suspicious emergency room doctor.
The privacy that this car afforded was great for several occasions, and with a client as beautiful, charismatic, and apparently perpetually horny as Dean, this particular situation wasn’t uncommon. For the most part, the back compartment was entirely its own world. Cas was grateful for the soundproofing, not sure if he could handle hearing Dean’s name in a breathy, exaggerated feminine tone, or, God forbid, have the knowledge of what pretty noises Dean can make etched into his brain. Would the man talk dirty? Is he doing so right now? Castiel felt out of breath again and took a second to gather himself. Cas spent more time than he should have to batting away inappropriate thoughts about his (decidedly straight) client-almost-boss. Regardless of his title, Castiel would not - could not - did not sleep with the man who signed his checks.
When Cas spun around to face him, the genuine glee in his eyes was endearing enough that Dean’s gun went forgotten.
Castiel blushed, realizing he had been staring down at the picture for longer than necessary. He looked up at Dean, noting that he seemed just as nervous with Castiel analyzing his photo.
have known. Cas thought briefly that Charlie had just read the situation, saw Cas frozen, sensed the panic he'd worked himself into, and wanted to drag away any outside viewers. Castiel sent a silent prayer of thanks to Charlie, unsure how she had done it but thankful nonetheless.
“It’s shadow interpretation. You hold it up,” Cas did so, grabbing for a candle from the table with his free hand. “If you put the candle behind it - like this - and then you’re supposed to see a hint of who your future husband might be.” Cas breathed out a quiet nervous laugh. “All these things are, um, traditionally for young girls to do. So it’s very... Husband focused.”
Alright, fuck this. The cryptic act had to go. Nothing made enough sense for Dean to even process any feelings of danger; he was simply confused. He was pretty sure he hadn’t told Castiel his name, since he had been pretty sure ‘Castiel,’ the fakest name Dean had heard in a while, was an alias and Dean wasn’t about to go offering up his own name in return. He just wanted to sleep and kill a witch.
“Thanks, I guess. So… Let me get this straight. You’re my coffee date, and you’re also an angel, and God, fuck, I have no idea what to do with that. Shit, I just blasphemed in front of ya, oh man, and swore right there. Am I going to Hell?” Maybe asking about the aforementioned angel stabbing’s possible effect on Dean’s heaven status would be more helpful. Still, he wasn’t about to admit that right in front of The Little Mermaid Angel’s brother.
“Before you say no, we’ve never done it together because you always say no and I respect that and you and you know that, right, Cas? But maybe since it’s a special night or whatever, I just thought maybe you’d want to....” Dean’s hurried rant trailed off as he pulled a bottle of vodka out of his backpack.
Dean and Castiel carefully clicked their glasses together, then each raised it to their lips to drink. Castiel was glad for the harsh bite of the alcohol to distract him from reading too far into any possible double meaning within Dean’s toast.
Dean didn't rush, less self-aware now that Castiel is unable to watch his every movement. He took the moment to trace Castiel’s spine, from top to bottom, bottom to top, listening to which provoked a more shuddered breath from Cas. He put a hand on Cas’s hip, sliding forward to Castiel’s stomach, just resting, reveling in the feeling of holding Castiel, regardless of how temporary it may be. His free hand mapped the skin on Cas’s back, feeling every single inch as if he couldn’t already tell from a quick look that Cas was fine.
Dean was too taken aback to form words properly, but he managed to sputter out something that resembled a dispute.
A month after that picnic date, Cas gave Dean a handmade keychain, crafted from a shell they had pulled out of the sand at the beach. Neither of them mentioned any "anniversary," and Cas pretended it was a casual gift, but they both knew. Dean had made a mixtape, a solid collection of his favorites to introduce Cas to, as he said, "The Greats." When every single one of the songs he chose for Cas ended up being lovey-dovey as hell, he realized he should have figured out his feelings a bit sooner. Dean knew it was beyond cheesy, even maybe too much, but the look on Castiel's face was worth it, and clearly, Dean was in deep, despite his denial.
Dean should have known better than to try and argue theology with, well, God’s actual army. An almighty being, or whatever.
There, standing in the doorway of the exam room, stood a man. Dean regarded him again, his eyes flicking across the stranger’s frame almost frantically. He stood there almost as if he wasn’t worried at all by Dean’s presence, and his expression was more of amusement than terror or confusion. Not the usual response when one is caught mid-break-in. When Dean spoke, he wasn’t sure what possessed him to shift his weight to one leg, cocking out his hip and puffing up his chest a little, a misplaced display of bravado. “How long you been watching me?” Dean managed to sound like he was someone capable of making a man swoon, and it might have worked if not for his earlier display of imbalance and the fact that the stranger was still looking at him like there was a joke Dean wasn’t in on.
His pages burnt noticeably slower, and Dean pointed it out. “It’s 'cuz I rolled part of it real tight, like a joint, right?”
The man managed to be one of the most famous people Castiel ever had met, and yet it seemed that Dean made it his personal goal to shatter any expectations that Cas had for him. That initial meeting was full of firsts. Castiel had never had a client invite him into a gas station for a “break from the car.” Cas had never had coffee that comes out of a self-serve machine with flavor options and so Dean insisted he should get a cup. Dean, for all his wealth, seemed more than pleased with the selection of sad-looking hotdogs, slowly rotating under a nearly effective heat lamp offered at the checkout line, despite the dozens of real restaurants within a few miles. Dean was the first and probably the last person Cas had ever chauffeured who hated being a passenger. He even promised to hate any car that Castiel showed up in. He stressed that fact multiple times over their first official meeting, and Cas would now be surprised if Dean ever got into the Mercedes without first lamenting the lack of bench seats or any other countless perceived flaw.
A dozen or so rounds later of a highly convoluted drinking game with enough rules to confuse even a sober mind, which neither of them had, the two boys were both flushed and loose, drunk and free. Castiel was pretty sure Dean was making up the rules as they went, but he didn’t mind. It seemed like each shot broke down something between them, and by the end of the game, Cas or maybe Dean or maybe the both of them had squished their chairs so close together it might be better defined as a bench. Cas felt like his entire left side was on fire despite the cold. The way he was pressed up against Dean’s side wasn’t entirely new for them, but the added component of drunkenness made it entirely different, almost taboo.
That morning started off the same as any other; Dean had carried out a beach towel, a small cooler with a couple of smuggled beers, and the little handheld radio his dad had given him.
Cas laughed, slightly more relaxed despite the awkward way he stood in the middle of the small space, holding his belongings haphazardly in his arms. "I used one of the pews in church; what did you pick?"
Once they caught onto his summer romance, it was over for Castiel. He hadn't meant to say anything, but Castiel was terrible at improv, not to mention lying, and had let it slip that he hadn't exactly spent the summer alone.
conversation Dean couldn’t have joined even if Cas hadn’t used the Latin names. Dean had stood back and watched, more interested in Castiel’s self-debates than the rest of the rainforest-esque environment.
He had to skip ahead in his fantasy a little bit when he heard the familiar sound of the bed frame creak next door. It sounded just like someone being thrown onto the bed, & Dean imagined it was he that was being manhandled, spread out & taken instead.
“You allergic to furniture?” Dean smirked at his own dumb joke, the self-satisfaction only growing when the other man breathed out a laugh. He couldn’t help but love an audience, especially when said audience is hot and coming across as way less of a threat than Dean initially predicted. Honestly, the banter was part of the fight; ask any good comic book hero.
The following day, Dean packed up and set off towards Castiel's rental cabin, just a mile or so off the lake. Dean knew he looked crazy with the giant smile across his face when Cas opened the car door and slid in, but he couldn't care less. It must have been the proper reaction if it was what caused Cas to immediately grab his hand and lean in to steal a kiss hello.
He and Cas had wasted the day investigating a weird murder just to find out the culprit was an even weirder human. No monster around, no hunters needed. The full day of driving back and forth and diagonally and around and through the town had taken its toll anyway. All they needed were two beds of questionable cleanliness; it wasn’t like they were looking for a Honeymoon Suite at the Ritz or anything.
Dean was frozen then, face to face with Cas, his mind currently host to a tornado of actions and consequences. Castiel’s eyes were so gentle, caring yet expectant, maybe even hoping, and Dean thought for the first time that Castiel might want this as much as he does. He rejected that immediately. Any of that hope bullshit will just lead to more disappointment when Castiel reveals this all to be a joke, or worse, a mistake.
Dean took a few steps towards Castiel as he cut his apology short. He had a slight blush on his cheeks, which was, Cas was convinced, from embarrassment at being stuck here with him. But then again, Dean's soft smile seemed genuine. The room felt so small.
No matter how great things were, Dean knew his summer romance would come to an end. So, he prepared, tried to push away any emotions stronger than convenient, pretended this was nothing but a fling when he knew it was much more. The closer the first day of school became, the more Dean found himself dreading the passage of time. He hated and loved Castiel for having burrowed his way into Dean's usually thick exterior within the span of a single season.
That thought came to Dean as they reached the end of their tour, back to the couch where they had started, and Castiel didn’t try to hide his eavesdropping. Dean watched as the curious look behind Castiel’s eyes dropped into recognition as he stepped into Dean’s space, crowding in behind him. Dean gave up on trying to crane his neck to watch, a noise of protest dying in his throat as Castiel grabbed one of his wrists.
And for the second time in his life, Dean let his passenger take control of the music, succumbing to the sounds of…
When Cas breathed out a “Yes,” Dean was no longer teasing, and he took Castiel into his mouth, swallowing around him. Cas let out a string of expletives, some Dean was positive he’d never heard Castiel say. He hid his amusement behind his need, his head bobbing as he moved up and down on Castiel’s cock, taking him deeper each time. This time Dean reached up to hold Cas’s hand, searching for it on the sheets without stopping his task. Dean used his other hand to grab at Cas’s thigh, the muscle he felt underneath the surface there all too enticing.
Castiel however, didn’t hesitate at all, tugging his shorts and underwear all down at once, his erection freed to rest heavy on his stomach as he lay on the bed. Dean managed to tear his gaze away and take off his sweats before he let himself return to take in the sight. Cas had his head against the pillow, tilted just the right way to expose the bruises Dean had covered half his neck with. Further down, Cas had one hand absentmindedly stroking over his dick, watching Dean with the same amount of gravity.
A quick check in the trunk sent despair through Dean when he noticed that the first aid kit normally fully stocked for their hunts was entirely missing. Now what? He would
He was glad for Dean's supporting hand under the camera as Castiel gave no further thought to his grip on the object. Instead, he focused on the insane improbability of what had happened. Dean pulled away too quickly, eyes wide and an apology forming on his lips. Castiel decided to shut that down before it could end the moment, and he pulled Dean in again with one hand around the back of his neck.
Somehow it was easy to talk to Castiel about his family. Dean shared how his mother had died when he was young, the longing that lives chest deep inside, the dreams that feel so real they must be memories from when Dean was small enough that his mother was around to do things like sing a song before bed. Dean told Castiel how his father hadn't handled his mother's death at all, let alone well, and how now he wasn't much of a father.
Cas entered his full first name, hesitating on the field for his last name, unsure how formal Dean's contacts were. Cas had emojis in lieu of last names in his own phone, but having to choose a symbol to leave behind for Dean was entirely too daunting. So he left it at that, a simple Castiel with his number entered. He also put his room number down in the address slot, hoping it didn't come across as too forward; when he handed the phone back to Dean, he saw the slight smirk hidden there.
Some of his friends were a bit pushier than he was used to, however. Dean hopped into the solace of his car with a stress-releasing sigh that rolled down his body and forced him into a yawn. The thought of a nap on the seats, the tempting opportunity to avoid home for just an hour longer, flickered through his mind while he squeezed his eyes shut. Dean would have climbed straight into the backseat if his summer plans had gone according to any original plans. He and Bobby had planned on replacing the upholstery, adding back in the crushed and used padding that had worn down over the years, but Dean had been a bit preoccupied.
Over the course of the class, Cas managed to stay out of Dean's sight while simultaneously exchanging information with the girl behind him. He found out Meg once had been the new girl, having moved right before the beginning of her sophomore year. She said it was tough getting to know people at first, and she wanted to protect Cas from that. She immediately tried to tuck him under her wing, and Castiel found he didn't mind. She had a quick sense of humor and seemed to share Castiel’s weariness of Dean.
Dean cut him off after the mention of wax, having gotten stuck a few suggestions back. “Sorry - I got a few questions here, witch boy. What’s the scary mirror, and how does throwing shoes and counting beans help anything?”
Castiel pulled out some gauze, returning to his post at the edge of the exam table, between Dean’s thighs. Dean let his legs fall together slightly until he could feel his ankle pressed against Castiel’s leg. The man didn’t react, just continued his careful work, finishing up where he tended to Dean.
Dean reached a hand down to Cas, helping to pull him to his feet. Bobby shook his hand, clearly taken aback by Castiel's firm, no-nonsense grip. Dean remembered feeling like he was interviewing for a job when they first met, but Castiel now impressed his uncle, and that made him smile.
The day that Dean knew Cas was something more than he'd ever had was mere weeks after their introduction. That day, their usual routine was immediately derailed when Cas managed to intercept Dean before he made it to the beach. The boy hopped into the car, his canvas bag in tow, and started barking out directions for Dean to follow. Cas announced they were going for a drive, and right then, Dean knew, for a fact, he would take them wherever Castiel asked.
Dean took the hint and refocused his attention on the mirror in front of him. The second mirror was set up behind the table, so the reflections ricocheted back and forth, creating an eerie and never-ending tunnel. Castiel offered the lit candle again, handing it to Dean carefully.
“I’m a little busy putting our movie on like you asked me to. Will you ever learn some patience?” Cas sighed, pointedly not turning to face him, just pulling the correct movie off the shelf and opening the case. Dean pouted, never one for patience when he had other options at his disposal. Once Cas leaned down, getting onto his hands and knees to access the DVD player, he was much closer to Dean, his shirt still riding up, and therefore he was able to correctly identify the small mark on Castiel’s skin.
As the beginning of the year was unfolding, Cas realized that normal wasn't entirely awful. After a lifetime of scarce connections, quick jobs here and there, city to city, crossing state lines, that one time they'd been dragged to Dubai for the summer and Castiel had been stashed in the hotel room for weeks… Now, Castiel had been granted one normal thing, and he was going to grab on tight. He wanted to look at the clubs and events and go to dances and make friends. He had dreamed of it for years. He wouldn't let one (his only and most important) silly (it was actually quite significant to him) breakup (they hadn't even really been "dating") ruin this.
Dean grabbed Castiel’s hands in his own, hoisting him up out of bed and onto his feet. Cas fell forward against Dean with the shock of the sudden movement, and Dean wrapped him up in his arms and held him there. “Stop thinking so much, Cas. It’ll be fine. Just act normal.”
Castiel rubbed at the back of his neck with one hand, the other falling to his pocket with the gun. “Wasn’t positive at first. That you were who you were. Since you are a hunter, you should understand why I became…. Jumpy.”
Castiel wasn’t sure how much time had passed as he was deep in thought about old-school travel agents and the fight against the internet when he heard his phone beep twice. Without checking the message, Castiel marked his spot in the binder and started up the car. He had turned it off and rolled down the windows to take advantage of the night air, so Castiel took a moment to gather himself. He ran down his checklist as he pulled out of the parking spot, taking inventory of the car. The fridge in the back seat was stocked with water bottles, Dean’s favorite sports drink, and a few bottles of champagne. The red velvet-lined compartment between the back seats held silver champagne flutes, and Dean always reveled in the reaction it got from first-time passengers. Cas thought his excitement over the car was cute, especially considering how strongly the man had stressed his loyalty to his own Baby.
Castiel laughed, his smile bright and eyes kind, making Dean’s heart jump in a way that caused him to worry; he doesn’t do warm and fuzzy, usually. His thoughts were cut off with Castiel’s hand on his lower back, his lips pressing against the curve of his ear. Castiel spoke barely above a whisper, Dean shivering where his breath slid over him. “Don't worry, Dean. You’re all mine tonight.”
After what felt like the most agonizingly frustrating minute of Dean’s life, Cas finally gave it to him, first biting and then soothing the mark with his tongue, pressing an open-mouthed kiss on Dean’s tanned skin. The kiss became more, and Castiel sucked at Dean’s neck until he tugged a moan from his lips and Dean lost his patience. He grabbed Cas and pulled him back, pressing their lips together. It felt more than natural, it felt nearly unfair that they hadn’t had this sooner, but it seemed at least now, neither of them wanted to give it up.
As if on cue, his pocket vibrated again. That’s gotta be Cas. If Dean knows him at all, he’s asking for the name of the motel, asking if he was alright, if he could help. Dean would probably sleep in the backseat of his Impala, he wasn’t feeling quite alright yet, and yeah, Cas really could help if Dean would just let him. He kept all that to himself, not even pulling out the phone to check.
Castiel protested, "What happened to kissing me?" His bottom lip stuck out in a pout, eyebrows knit together.
When he was met with only silence from over his shoulder on the bed, Dean turned back to face his friend again. Cas had crossed his arms over his chest and was regarding Dean with genuine amusement.
It was beyond natural, the way Dean slipped one hand over Castiel's waist to tug him nearer. Even more natural when their lips met. A series of soft, chaste kisses turned more intimate, Castiel gasping at the feeling of Dean's tongue sweeping across the seam of his lips. Castiel's hands grasped for purchase, pulling the fabric of Dean's shirt into his fists, holding him near. For the first time, Dean suspected he hadn't been the only one hiding how badly he had grown to want this, based on how the two of them had surged together so urgently.
“Deeeeeaaaannnnn,” Cas whined his name, pouting. Dean just smiled, reveling in drunk Castiel and looking all too proud. “Deeeeean. Dean. We went over this. Magic. It’s all magic and interpretation and magic. Everything is magic, y’know? You just have to read it right and so we’re reading it right using beans and shoes.”
The sparkle in Castiel’s eyes didn’t diminish at all with Dean’s bitter mood. He only stared back more intently, with more of that misplaced amusement. “The majority of the markings on this level are functional.” He stopped there, but by his tone, Dean could tell the angel had more to say.
“Oh, Jesus Fucking Christ, warn a dude, will ya?” Dean was sputtering out the words as he stumbled away from Castiel’s touch to his arm. He didn’t even feel bad for the blasphemy, it was an entirely
He wrinkled his nose as he took stock of the room. His overnight bag was in the corner, and his clothes were strewn across the furniture as if they had been deserted quickly. Cas blushed at the memories.
Dean seemed to sense his claustrophobia, and he shifted his weight back to his other foot, leaning slightly towards the wall to give Castiel more space and freeing an exit through the door. He couldn't help but return the action when Dean hit him with a winning smile, and Castiel visibly relaxed. He wasn't sure what exactly it had been, but he saw a change in Dean at that moment, and every undercurrent of worry drifted away. When Dean spoke, Castiel thought he might notice the difference there as well, but he passed it off as projection.
Funny, Castiel thought. The first time he wasn't able to leave also happened to coincide with the first time he had someone he needed to run from.
kicking his ass.” Dean spoke, and Castiel was mesmerized as always, the tingling heat of the vodka he felt in his arms and legs and stomach and head only amplified his desire, and he felt silly for having thought the opposite would ever happen. When has underage drinking ever made anyone have any
“I’m Castiel,” The man spoke, still a ragged timbre Dean was more used to hearing in bed than from strange men with strange names and even stranger behavior. “You look hurt.”
“It usually makes humans more comfortable when I emulate their actions. You seemed willing to have a bit of a power struggle for the weapons, so I indulged you.” Castiel spoke, slightly more mechanically than he had been before. Dean had no clue what to do with Castiel or his actions at all. It was rare to feel this thrown off his game. “I could smite you if needed. However, I don’t plan on doing that,” Castiel added the last part with that now-familiar amused mouth twitch, and Dean couldn’t help but laugh.
Castiel laughed, a chuckle that made Dean realize with a start that he’d moved past dumb-crush and into infatuation zone, and he was literally thinking about an angel.
Dean stood up, apparently faster than Castiel was comfortable with, as his hands both twitched, causing the shotgun barrel to slip out of his fist, sliding down a few inches before he was able to readjust his grip. Yeah, not a threat. The confused pout and his scrunched-up eyebrows he was currently directing towards Dean’s shotgun proved that. He looked like he might try to tell the shotgun off for being affected by gravity.
"You're right. I'm just here for the summer." There was a hint of laughter in his tone, clearly amused with Dean's bluntness. "I'm Castiel," he added.
“Now it just looks like I have a whole lotta nobody. That checks out at least, maybe this fortune-telling stuff is magic,” Dean jumped into easy joking, and Cas was glad for it.
Castiel's head was spinning, his dad's voice droning on in the background. His expectations for the night were absolutely worlds away from what was happening, and he felt like he needed to sit down. Castiel blanched a little and leaned against the doorframe. He had always wanted this, a routine, stable life, to have more than a few months at a time in each town, but now that it was a possibility, Cas realized he had no idea how to live that life and absolutely zero time to figure it out.
, fucking deep,” & with those words, Dean’s thin illusion of self-control shattered. He was palming at himself with one hand as he struggled with his waistband with his other before he could coordinate enough to complete the simple task of undressing. The man next door let out a rumbling moan, Dean imagined he could feel it in his chest if they were pressed together, & he finally pulled his sweats down to his thighs & took his erection in hand, starting to move at the pace the neighbor set for him. He bit back his own gasp, far more interested in the one-man symphony coming from next door. Dean was pretty sure that he’d never heard any music better than this sound, & for a man with a wardrobe of band tees and a car full of cassette tapes, that was saying a lot.
Not even pointing it out to the angel helped; he wiped helplessly at the wrong spot once too many times before Dean just lifted off his seat a few inches and handled it himself.
Cas squinted at Dean but ultimately decided against continuing the argument. He grabbed two pieces of newspaper off the table, handing one to Dean. “This is an easy one. You have to crumple the paper and we’ll put them down and light them on fire.”
Dean seemed oblivious to the butterflies in Castiel’s stomach, and he was again grateful for the low light when he felt his cheeks heat up at the sight of Dean’s grin.
Of course, the cheap too-soft bed did not lend Dean any assistance, instead just creating a perfect Cas-sized valley right next to him.
met these girls, made a mess, and now was stumbling through an incredibly awkward apology for freaking out. He was vague, blamed most of it on the glitter and his shaking hands, and "I'm sorry, I'll be back in just a minute- I just… I need to take… Let me… bathroom? I'm sorry."
“Ah. Right, sacred is your thing.” Dean continued. “Dumb question. Angel. Got it. But…” Dean took another slow breath, gearing up for the inevitable fallout caused by his insensitivity and the whole angelic wrath thing. “Ya don’t look like much of an angel. No offense. It’s just the…”
“I’d quite like to kiss you. I think that’s the inevitable next step here unless I’ve read this all entirely wrong.” Now it was Dean’s turn to laugh at Castiel, hushed and hurried as he nodded quick and leaned in just the extra few inches to press their lips together. It was too short, Dean unable to suppress a soft whine when Cas pulled back after only a moment. The man answered with a hum and pulled back further to glance around the room, as if contemplating something suddenly more pressing than... well,
When Castiel pulled away, he had a similar smile on his lips, one he doesn't flash often. The two boys drove towards their destination, Dean steadfast in not giving away the final location, no matter how hard Cas pouted. In a twisted sort of compromise that broke at least two of Dean's personal rules, he ended up relinquishing control of the radio to Cas. Now, within a few weeks, Dean Winchester had turned into the type who held hands on the bench seat and listened to his boyfriend (?) sing along to throwback pop music, and he had absolutely zero complaints.
help, by the way.” He tilted his head and Dean noticed the hint of hesitation, the first sense that the man wasn’t entirely sure of the moment.
“You’re…. Jesus,” Dean’s attempt at speaking trailed off into blasphemy, & the man laughed. Dean had been wrong about his eyes, & he couldn’t have been happier to be proven incorrect. They were blue, & in a way that caused Dean to stare way too long before he was able to speak again. Or attempt to, if he could stop staring. The man was also a little bit shorter, different from his fantasy but again, in only the best way. He took a deep breath. “You’re fine. I’m sorry, you…. Sorry. Do you need somethin'? Everything alright?” Smooth. At least he managed to ask a question.
Castiel blushed, and Dean again contemplated his fate of eternal hellfire. Dean may not be a mind reader, but he might as well be. He just knew the angel was recalling Dean’s… less than bothered thoughts about having been tackled. What was Dean to do? The guy had nice thighs, and he had been
Castiel mentally reviewed his schedule for the day. Gym. "Alright," Castiel said while Charlie immediately grinned. "What club are you in?"
” Cas stressed the last word with a small roll of his hips backward, grinding against Dean, who tried and failed to bite back a heated groan at the contact.
Before he could turn the opacity to the maximum on the glass divider, Cas inadvertently watched as Dean turned to the woman with a look that could send any reasonable person to their knees. His eyes were hooded, a lazy smirk on his lips. Dean’s cheeks were ruddy with blush from arousal or the alcohol or some fusion of the two. The man brought his arm up to rest across the back of the seat, his bicep flexing in a way that didn’t come across as showboating, somehow just as natural as it was breathtaking. The last view Cas was privy to included Dean’s hands easily fitting around the woman’s waist and guiding her from her seat across the divider to (presumably) settle onto his lap. Cas locked eyes with Dean over the woman’s form in the last moment before he disappeared from view, and the blown-out pupils and mussed hair caused a breath to catch in Castiel’s throat. He was glad Dean couldn’t see the blush set into his cheeks.
Castiel sighed. “Yes.” Dean’s face lit up immediately, and he pulled two empty shot glasses out from seemingly midair, likely just the bag. “Fine. But I cannot go home after, so I have to stay at yours if you’re going to get me drunk.” Cas grabbed the shot glasses from Dean, holding them out for Dean to pour. Maybe once he had a little to drink he could loosen up and forget his feelings about Dean for a while.
Dean sat up so he could tie his robe around his waist, not wanting to flash anything unwittingly. “You wanna join me for movie night or did your
Dean thanked him, voice warm and smile warmer. It didn’t matter that it was well below freezing outside and there wasn’t heat, no amount of January frost could counteract the way Castiel felt around Dean.
A few steps later, they were in front of an adorably decorated art booth. Castiel was again swept up into a torrential onslaught of names, but he was positive that the club's leader was named Gilda, and the other redhead was called Jo. Or maybe it was Anna, which would make Jo was the blonde leaning up against the booth's tabletop. Charlie had sped through their introductions, clearly eager to jump into the fray. Castiel spent the few minutes it took for the group around him to organize tasks to review the other booths across the gym.
“So, not only do you sit around thinking about my BDSM preferences, you’ve been thinking about kissing me?” Cas teased, but Dean when stuck his tongue out to wet his lips he saw Cas’s eyes track the movement.
He dragged them out of the exam room and into the main lobby, suddenly faced with the big bright eyes of almost every house pet Dean could imagine, all cleanly painted across the walls from floor to ceiling. He knew he would be right about the rest of the building being painted as whimsically as the hallway had been, but it was a whole other thing to be half-hard, tugged through rooms behind a stranger, and making eye contact with what appeared to be a chicken wearing a harness painted into a picnic scene with a pair of tree frogs. Before Castiel could ask why Dean had stopped dead in his tracks, the hunter's voice cut through the silence.
The group had settled back into quiet conversations, smaller groups paired up and making various plans for the week. Cas was paging through the contents of his backpack, searching, at Meg's request, for the printout that displayed his schedule. Across the table, Castiel heard Ruby's stage whisper to the girl to the right. The shamelessly asked, "
When Castiel's alarm went off at 7, he nearly pressed snooze before realizing it was his first day of school. Castiel has had plenty of first days, enough that he'd actually lost track of the exact count. He was practically an expert at navigating school hallways and remaining entirely invisible to everyone there. It'd be harder to keep up the invisibility act while in the same place the entire year, but Cas was determined.
"Woah, shit, I didn't think anyone was in here, I... I'm sorry" Dean stuttered a bit on his words, and it interested Cas, as his only impressions of Dean thus far weren't aligning with the nervous boy in front of him. Maybe catching him off guard was the key to breaking through that public persona Castiel suspected Dean hid behind. "I'll go."
Castiel never saw this coming. If someone had told him he’d be here a year ago, he would have laughed in their face. But, here he was, and here they were, and oh God, what now?
Dean was definitely making too much noise, but he thought back to the long stretches of land between the building he was currently trespassing inside of and the neighbors down the road. When he turned back with a new, sanitary needle, he wasn’t even that surprised when his belt loop stuck on the drawer pull and sent him careening backward. Honestly, it was just the day’s luck. Dean would have been amazed to make it home without further incident. He hissed as his hip slammed into the drawer as he slipped, the replacement needle immediately falling out of his hands as Dean’s arms flapped around, his hands scrambling for purchase between the exam table and the counter.
Returning to the drawer he had pulled the needle from, Dean sighed. If it wasn’t for letting the target get the best of him, by now he could have been starfished across one of those fancy Magic Fingers beds he spotted at the motel. The real perks of hunting included that blessed contraption, and Dean would be lying if he said his tendency to collect quarters didn’t have something to do with the coin-operated vibrating mattress.
The simplicity of the statement combined with the absurdity of the situation made Dean bark out a laugh in lieu of a response. “Lil’ bit, Cas.” The shortened name was more out of fear of mispronouncing the mouthful of vowels than a given nickname, and the way it brought a little smile to the man’s lips was an unexpected award. “I got…mugged.” Castiel raised an eyebrow, doubting the statement silently, but not pushing further.
Dean’s mind spun, and he warred with himself, part of his instincts were telling him to stop this at any cause, prevent everything from spilling out any further than it already had even if it meant turning heel and running. The other part of him though, that part just wanted to turn and face Cas, fall forward against him, feel safe in his arms. Castiel stopped speaking, and Dean finally looked at him, turning to lean against the side of the car. Cas was standing too close, but that wasn’t anything out of the ordinary.
because you’re lusting over some faceless man with a sex voice?” Sam raised an eyebrow, looking down at Dean with a challenging stare that would have normally propelled him into a further argument, setting fire to his competitive nature, but more important things were at hand.
” If the words came out harsher than intended, Dean didn’t let it show on his face. He didn’t exactly stay quiet either, though.
Seemingly satisfied with his introduction, Bobby turned to Dean and delivered a firm slap to the back of his head. "You should know better than to be keepin' this one from me. Bring him by for dinner, would ya? What kinda uncle would I be if I didn't make your friend somethin' to eat?"
“You’re going to tease me about that while you have your eyes glued to my lips?” It was Dean’s turn at the wheel, finally regaining at least a little bit of ground against Cas. “Also, you act like this and then are still surprised when I take you for a dom?”
Dean pulled back to observe his work, tugging again at Cas’s hair to pull another reactionary moan from him. The second his eyes met Castiel’s, he nearly went numb, all senses wrenched from his body to focus on the one in front of him. The blue eyes that were staring back were darker than Dean had ever seen them, the undercurrent of challenge that usually rests there now replaced with pure need. Dean felt the air rush out of his lungs, the sight of Castiel so entirely wrecked and all due to him left him breathless. His hair was just as fucked as it always was, but Dean knew that he had been the one with his fingers threaded through it. His lips were red and wet with spit, either Dean’s, or Cas’s, or both, and god that image was the best thing Dean had ever seen.
"You should tell your little friends that you're staying! Gosh, you'll end up at the same school, you could already have friends! Oh, Castiel, this will be perfect," Castiel's mother jabbered on as she fawned over him, straightening his collar here, smoothing a stray hair there. Cas held back the frown he felt pulling at his mouth with the mention of any friends he had gained and just nodded at his mother. He had no friends here. He had spent all his time building a relationship that had a self-destruction date he hadn’t been aware of. Dean made it crystal clear he wanted nothing to do with Cas; they were nothing more than some summer fling.
Dean made a second left as well, finally turning onto his brother’s street. Yes, he had just completed a meandering sort of U-Turn because he hadn’t listened to Castiel, but maybe he just wanted to take the scenic route, jeez, can you blame a guy? As soon as they pulled into the only available parking spot on the block, the skies opened up into a completely un-forecasted thunderstorm.
Dean clenched his fists, his voice strained and thin like wire, slicing through the air between them. “Whatever I want? Me? You know damn well if I had it my way, we’d be literally anywhere else but here.” Dean knew Castiel too well, anticipated the meaning of the challenge forming behind his eyes, and he snarled before the other man could cut in. “You also know damned well I don’t mean
to be playing some sort of game. The blatant behavior had been going on since morning, and nearly always at a time Dean couldn’t exactly pull him aside to put the kibosh on it. Plus, he hadn’t exactly realized it was purposeful until that minuscule slip in Cas’s (usually impressive) poker face.
So, once it seemed the hallways cleared up after the clamor that Fridays usually bring, Castiel gathered his things. Just a quick packing of his books, a refill of his water bottle, and Cas was off to wander the halls. St. Cecelia's was
“There is enough room for both of us. There is no need for that.” Castiel responded, sidestepping Dean’s attempt to start a fight with practiced ease and feigned ignorance. “Are you upset?”
"Yes, yes, yes, you should totally come. I'm helping with one of the booths, but I could totally show you around!" Charlie did seem genuine, and Cas
“How long you been in this body?” That question seemed safe to ask, and when Dean wasn’t immediately smited (smitten? smote? smoted?) off the face of the planet, he relaxed a bit. There was a couch in the room, one of the only furniture pieces that still lingered, and so he sat down on the arm to force an air of confidence.
Once the air around the pair didn’t sting at their eyes and the fire was fully extinguished, Dean looked down at the pile of ash and destroyed paper with a clear question in his eyes. Castiel answered without needing Dean to vocalize it.
Dean laughed a carefree laugh that dug into Castiel’s walls and brought a smile to his eyes. Not his lips though, he had those pursed as if waiting for a response other than a giggle. He’s always careful not to give Dean too much.
Castiel’s desire was clearly evident in the way he was whining, tugging at Dean’s hand in an attempt to pull him up for
Every day that week, it was the same routine. Mystery man spends the day alone at home, singing in the shower, talking loudly on the phone, watching tv. Dean’s sure he does other things too, but those are the ones he can hear. On the days that Dean works, he hopes he’ll run into the neighbor in the stairwell on his way in or out, but he never does. If it wasn’t for the door opening & closing, (& all the crazy loud hot sex) he would think nobody ever left the apartment next door.
“Am I supposed to actually understand that?” Dean reeled back his instinct to roll his eyes, although the angel knew his intentions anyway. Damned mind reader.
There's no good time or place to drop glitter, but Castiel found the linoleum of the high school gym floor was the perfect material to give just the right little bounce. Unfortunately, when a container of glitter is dropped from even just the smallest of heights, the damage caused could be a fierce thing. The plastic hit the ground, ricocheted off, and promptly tipped the lidless top in his direction. Green glitter rained upwards, a phenomenon Castiel would have claimed impossible until he witnessed it. Castiel watched hopelessly as the nearly empty container rolled away, dumping its last remains on the floor, leaving him kneeling in a sparkling craft pile. A quick look down would confirm Castiel's worst fear - he was entirely covered in glitter, and silence had fallen over the booth.
Dean knew he had his pocket knife, but his gun was tucked away safely in the trunk outside. Today really was not Dean’s day. Instead of sinking into the depths of self-flagellation for getting himself into the situation, he decided to take a page out of the stranger’s book and pretend this was an entirely normal interaction to be having at half-past three in the morning. Plus, it looked like he could take this guy if it came down to it, he thought he had a few inches and at least 20 pounds on the man. Add that to the stubborn desperation that Dean would feel if he encountered another obstacle tonight, and he was positive he’d make it to that Magic Fingers mattress that night if it was the last thing he ever did. “You wouldn’t happen to be here to help, are ya? Or just gonna judge from over there?”
Castiel tilted his head at Dean. “The Virgin Mother went into labor inside a dirty barn, surrounded by livestock. Would you prefer a horse’s stable? There is one about ten thousand meters away.”
"Yeah, picture of me, or whatever. I dunno how to do any of this stuff, I really like photography, but this teacher is driving me nuts, man. I mean, c'mon, like last week, we had to turn in 12 photos of a bench. The same bench! We couldn't even change benches, Cas. That's authoritarianism, and I know this is a boarding school, but I thought we were still in America." Castiel's mouth had fallen open, his lips parting just a bit, shocked by the ease at which Dean called him by his nickname. And here Cas was, thinking Dean wouldn't even recognize him.
“Don’t act disappointed. Your hands are just too big. I’m sure they’re good for all sorts of other things.” Dean choked a bit on a breath as Castiel spoke those words, not having expected the man to play the game with so much practiced skill. As the man’s soft and soothing hands moved across his chest, he was too distracted by the way their skin felt where they made contact to feel the initial pokes that made up the first suture. As soon as it was finished though, the purple-tinted string pulled taut, it hit him at once so he cursed under his breath. Castiel apologized, still a smile across his lips, but continued his ministrations. Dean dug his fingernails into his palms as the man worked, wishing briefly for the flask in his jacket, but not wanting Castiel to move away. His eyes would have been squeezed shut from the pain if that hadn’t meant he would miss watching Castiel as he worked. He felt electric, buzzing from the balls of his feet to the tips of his ears.
acknowledging the pointed stare Cas shot him once standing and looking down on Dean on the ground. He’s pretty sure that blew some circuits in his brain or something, the mere suggestion of kneeling at Castiel’s feet enough to send a bolt of heat straight down his spine.
sink in while he ate. Did Castiel accidentally make a lunch table full of friends? He had spent lunch in the library at the last 8 schools he had attended, and that had been nice. But this was nice too, having Meg punch at his shoulder lightly while they joked and laughed.
He could almost still feel where Cas had touched him. The residual heat still lingered under Dean’s skin.
In the last row, a girl behind Cas huffed out a laugh at the teacher’s chastisement towards Dean, and he peeked over his shoulder to see who she was. He was greeted with a wicked smile paired with an adorably scrunched nose, and that was enough for Cas to decide he liked her.  He smiled back politely and turned back to the front of the classroom.
The rest of Castiel's day went by without a hitch, and he didn't spot Dean again after their first period.
Dean thought that the worst of it was likely over; he’d become pretty convinced the weird scruffy dude wasn’t going to cause him too much trouble. After all, he was holding the shotgun around its barrel by his side in some beyond fucked up variation on left shoulder arms, and Dean was pretty sure the guy was right-handed.
The kid stayed far enough away that it seemed he didn't want to be bothered, but Dean's curiosity was piqued already, and so he devoted the rest of his beach time to incessantly wondering what the kid's story might be. He couldn't make out much about the stranger but his outfit, couldn't see what the book was, couldn't really see the kid's face. The distance between them was too far for Dean to casually call out an introduction; he'd need to yell to be heard over the crashing waves and the wind. Dean would try to catch his eye for a wave each time the boy approached, but he seemed too focused on his goal of laying out with a book.
“Ready?” Cas spoke, not waiting for a response before he blew out all but one candle, holding it out as an offering to Dean.
have felt some vague embarrassment at the way Castiel’s words, mere innuendo, were making him weak in the knees. He’s used to being in charge, having his partners swooning over his charms, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care. Not with that intense stare focused on him, not with the way he was almost cornered against the examination table, and especially not with the way that Castiel was slotting one of his thighs between Dean’s own, giving him just a tease of pressure where he wants it.
He may need to rethink the selfish part, considering the way Dean was kissing him back with nearly as much suspended passion.
“So, what? You can’t focus on one feeling?” Dean grasped at the strings of understanding, wanting more than anything to not come off as some fuckin’ meathead hunter. It is hard to seem intelligent when standing across from something older than, actually, the concept of people themselves. Maybe that’s what Castiel had meant by unfathomable.
Dean moved onto his side, watching the shadows where they fell on Castiel's cheek. He felt a strong desire to kiss him, not for the first time, but something was different. He must have thought too loudly or stared too much because Castiel turned and caught Dean staring at his lips. Castiel blushed a little when Dean's gaze shot up to meet his. The flush on his cheeks and the tip of his nose, and the tops of his ears didn't make Dean's desires easy to ignore, especially paired with the look of interest in Cas's eyes.
On the one hand, great. Everything was fine. Hell wasn’t cranking up the furnace for him. But on the other hand, not great, really. Because Dean was standing in an empty room talking around his angelic sex fantasies. Most of them, in Dean’s defense, had been formed during the time Castiel had him pinned to the ground, and Dean hadn’t even known he was an angel at that time. Couldn’t count.
Same nondescript furniture, a coffee cart missing a wheel, a bored teenager working for minimum wage at best.
Dean should know better than to argue with a sober Cas, and he could assume the rules were the same around a Castiel who’s had a lot to drink.
Dean cried out Cas’s name, his full name, and something in Cas snapped. He moaned, low and rumbling through his chest as he frantically increased his pace, the sounds he was making joining Dean’s soft cries in the room. Dean was close, he could feel Cas was close and so he leaned up as much as he could to press his lips against Cas’s ear. “Please, Castiel, I’m gonna,” Dean whispered, the sound Cas made in response was nearly indecent. Dean couldn’t hold himself back any longer and that noise was what put him over the edge. Dean cried out again,
It wasn’t working. Dean couldn’t get his mind off of Cas, he couldn’t stop hating himself for the way he shattered the moment, himself, and Castiel, and the way he panicked and ran instead of being there to piece it all back together. He wanted to take it all back, rewind to the point where Castiel stood pressed against him in this way. Through the slight haze of his alcohol consumption, he still couldn’t escape the blindingly clear memory of hearing his name fall from Cas’ lips, a whisper-plea into the kiss. The sound made Dean’s chest tighten and heat pool in his stomach, Cas sounded wrecked. It had scared the fuck out of Dean. It was way too much. It was also absolutely not enough.
Dean watched as Cas brought his hand up to lightly press Dean’s chin up to look him in the eyes. He let it happen, and he felt his heart twist tight for the second time that day. Cas didn't drop his hand, and it felt right. Dean pressed lightly against Cas's grip, and he watched the way it made the man's expression soften.
“No, what I remember is you saying that you wanted to kiss me before we started a scene. I also remember you mentioning that you were at least sort of curious, perhaps interested, in my... preferences.”
Castiel had that same leveled expression on his face, the calm surety of someone, or if Dean were honest, some
that Castiel knew him and his habits well enough to know what Dean was or wasn’t wearing underneath his robe.
“What are you showing me?” Castiel just saw Dean, as beautiful as always, and his reflection, no presence, no apparition.
Cas fought to keep from grimacing in response to Dean’s question. He knew Dean meant well, just wanted to include him, but Castiel was wary. Besides Sam, Castiel’s relationships with the other boys in the town ranged from non-existent at best to hostile at the other extreme. Being around Dean staved off the worst of it, but the last thing Cas wanted was Dean to have to defend him all the time.
Castiel either realized that Dean was reaching a fever pitch with his frustration or simply wanted to highlight his superior angelic observational skills as he stopped with the key in the door and turned around to face Dean.
“Apologies. Force of habit. Is there anything you require, Dean?” Castiel repeated his original question, dropping the honorific against his professionalism’s internal pleas. Dean’s informal preferences still ruffled Cas’s feathers, contradicting protocol left and right.
Dean didn’t answer, just leaned in closer until their noses bumped and watched the way Castiel’s eyes fluttered shut in long-overdue anticipation. Their first kiss was perfect, closed mouth, chaste, impossibly sweet. Cas felt alive. He pulled away, wanting to take in the moment, Dean’s features, the way he pouted when Cas ended a kiss earlier than he preferred.
Dean curled his tongue around Castiel’s, eagerly swallowing each breathy whine or whimper that he released. When Dean reached down between them to wrap his hand around Castiel’s length, Cas gasped out Dean’s name, a plea, and he couldn’t help but provide. He stroked once, twice, his wrist twisting and his thumb swiping over the head to collect the precome there.
The whole reason he sped away from the bunker in the first place. Things got to be too much for Dean to handle, and he ran.
How’d he fuck up his sigil? He’d been using this one for nearly a decade and hadn’t had any angelic troubles before now. He knocked himself out of his reverie enough to ask a few of the questions rolling through his head. He didn’t care that he’d spaced out and hadn’t processed anything the angel had said since he dropped that identity bomb.
Cas’s smile was rare and beautiful and something like a rare astrological phenomenon with the way Dean craved an understanding that would never arrive.
Dean grumbled a little under his breath when Castiel reached out with one finger to the wall right above the couch and traced over the lines he’d drawn. Either Castiel heard his nervous internal monologue, or he was worse at hiding his emotions than he thought because Castiel turned back to him for reassurance.
It wasn’t new for them to flirt, it wasn’t new for them to slip an innuendo or two, but it rarely got this forward. Dean wasn’t about to turn around now, not when it was getting exciting, and in fact, he was going to barrel right on through. “Don’t act like you haven’t thought about me fucking.” (A careful rearrangement of those last two words could have really accelerated things, but Dean wasn’t ready for that.) He raised an eyebrow at Castiel, waiting for a response. A sneaky smile crept its way onto Castiel’s face, enough proof that Dean was right with his last assumption. “Dunno, guess I pinned you for more of a… waxer, not a waxee.”
Dean nodded to himself, knowing the supplies he needed should be in the cabinets under the rabbit painting. Never before has he needed to reference location by a likeness of a fuzzy animal, but there really was no baseline of normal for a hunter anyways.
As soon as the text message was sent, he shoved his phone away, silently vowing to leave it there till morning. As his fingers closed around the second shot glass, he locked eyes with a pretty girl with dark hair. Now this, this was something Dean could do without fucking up.
“We have a special on our queen bed available if you book more than three nights, or are you two just passing through?”
Dean nearly laughed, but something about the angel that stood in front of him stole the breath out of his lungs before he could find the true humor at the moment.
Large block letters reading "DEBATE" caught Castiel's eye, more out of a memory than any genuine interest. Looking around at the students behind the table, Castiel wondered if any of them were Dean's brother. He had mentioned that Sam was a member, but no one seemed to look young enough to fit Dean's description. He didn't know for sure; he could be staring right at Dean's little brother. It wasn't like he had seen photos; Dean never did take him around for that family dinner his uncle had promised. Castiel, at the time, had assumed Dean wasn't yet comfortable with having him around the family, but he now knew Dean didn't think of him as important.
“Then, once you picked at least three hundred different seeds, you just marched us up to the register.
, it’s just that Cas is his best friend and roommate, and they’ve known each other for longer than he’s known anyone else, really, and is it so bad for a guy to want his entirely platonic friend to have more fulfilling romantic relationships than some random weekend flings?
When the bell rang, Castiel packed up and was jostled through the busy passing period halls until he reached the vending machines by the back entrance. Charlie and Cas had agreed to meet there, and he wasn't waiting long before he spotted the girl coming around the corner. He had actually heard her before she turned around the bend, her voice raised to call down the hall to a friend. Her words were muffled, but her voice was clear, at least to Castiel. When she spotted him, her eyes went wide, and she waved, speeding up her gait.
In trying to maneuver them into a position where Dean could catch the man in a headlock, he made his left side vulnerable for a split second. That split second was too long, and the man evaded Dean’s grip entirely, his hand briefly slipping into Dean’s waistband, again effortlessly dancing around any attempt to stop him. Dean realized too late that meant his handgun was gone, and he lost focus on the fight to arm himself. The shotgun was just a few feet away, the knife a bit further in the other direction. Dean wouldn’t have time to retrieve either; his adversary seemed intent on ending their struggle for dominance. It all happened at near worrying speed, the gun tucked into the back of the man’s jeans, his arms wrapped around Dean’s torso, and then they were flying, tipping, and finally
Castiel stepped forward to join Dean on the couch, sitting on the other end. “I can assure you that you aren’t, but I’m not sure that would help.” He looked at Dean, catching his eye with a careful smile and that same owlish stare. He broke the connection to scan the room, and Dean nearly squirmed under pressure. He was usually confident in his sigils, but it was rare they were being judged by the creatures they were supposed to prevent.
He spotted Dean on the sidewalk in front of the venue quickly. He always stood out, Cas wasn’t sure if it was the general air of celebrity that he heard people talk about yet hadn’t experienced himself, or if Dean was just special regardless of fame. Castiel tended to land on the latter, as he’d been in close proximity to all levels of stardom and never experienced anything like Dean.
Once she had sufficiently studied the image, seemingly in deep thought, she handed it back to Dean, thankfully not commenting on the fact that the photo was still favorited in his albums.
Cas hoped that Dean wouldn’t catch the way his face dropped when he mentioned school. The way Dean’s smile fell as he watched said he noticed.
thought out of his head. He was starting to feel like maybe being alone out here with Dean might make his feelings worse, not better. “Maybe it’s saying I’ll never be married and I’ll have to do my own laundry forever,” Cas deadpanned, drawing a coveted laugh out of Dean.
His eyes were still pushing out that intense warmth; the sunshine seemed to reflect off of him entirely, sharing his light with everyone around him. Cas's perpetually messy hair was quite uncharacteristically
The angel sighed. “If you were to, say, shoot me. I would feel the impact, the tearing of flesh and muscle, and any crack of bone. At the same time, I would be equally experiencing the sounds caused by the projectile, the metallic taste of the gunpowder on the air, the stench of smoke and sulfur…. I would still be just as aware of your freckles and the way the knot on your left shoe is nearly completely sideways; I would still be privy to the shift of the linen top I wear, which, you’re right, isn’t typical angel garb
Cas had to agree, even though he had sighed at Dean’s antics. He scooted towards the other boy. The plate being in Dean’s hands gave Cas good reason to get closer to him, holding the candle carefully between Dean and the plate, the shadow on the wall coming into focus.
"I don't mind if you don't." Cas's voice was lowered, both in tone and volume. "I didn't know…." Castiel barely whispered the last words, and Dean pulled away, straightening up from where he had been hiding against Castiel's shoulder. "What's happening?" Cas asked the question before he even realized he opened his mouth, and Dean tensed up underneath his hands.
Dean looked around the room pointedly and then back to the man, raising an eyebrow in a challenge. Before he could speak up, the man cut him off.
Dean waited the few extra moments Castiel needed to gather himself and stop spiraling. He was careful to keep his big smile etched across his face, the one he knew made Castiel join in at least a little without fail.
was this conversation? Was he talking Swayze’s filmography with a hot angel glued to his back? What happened to the original plan for the night?
thinking about any of that, he was just in the middle of one of his entirely friendly and platonic staring contests with Cas. To be fair, Castiel was always staring right back. “You didn’t answer my question. Movie night, or are you leavin’ me alone?” He played it up, hitting Cas with his best puppy dog eyes, peeking over the back of the couch at him.
reaction to having been snatched from his own general planes of existence and thrown through walls and shit. Now that he knew that the downside of contact with Castiel was
“Fuck, already?” Dean didn’t dampen his reaction to their extended weekend coming to a close. The longing for more time was written in his tone, evident in the way he squeezed Castiel closer. Cas couldn’t see Dean’s face from where he hid against the pillow, cuddled tighter against the boy than he thought possible, but he could hear the disappointment in his voice, the hint of sadness.
“Not a Blick guy? No worries, I’m sure we could find you a Michael’s or somethin’. Fits better with the angel theme. But, again, I gotta do that whole sleeping thing. Human, y’know.”
Cas tutted and the tiny amused smile on his face made Dean’s chest flutter. What did Cas do, though, that
“Cas, everything okay?” Dean’s brow creased, his every emotion always so clear across his features. Lips slightly pursed, the tension growing in his shoulders causing him to straighten up, worried eyes glancing down at him.
Castiel blinked again, and Dean was pretty sure the angel didn’t need to and was simply proving a point about how stupid his attempts at communication were. Maybe a blink in angel meant, “if you do not stop talking, I will turn you into ash,” but Dean wasn’t sure. Castiel didn’t give him much by way of body language for interpretation, either.
He nodded his head once, speechless partly as he was unsure of what to say, but also affected by the genuine soft concern in the eyes that were now within 5 feet of his own.
Castiel attempted to refocus on his task and continued screwing the little white lids onto each container slowly, buying his time on the floor. His hands were trembling, and he could only hope it wasn't noticeable to anyone else that he was freaking out. Castiel knew he should have had a plan in place. He had known the eventual confrontation was inevitable. Planning was too painful, a weird reminder that Castiel didn't
Dean, from where he was sitting, still had the other boy in view over his shoulder, sending the image of Castiel cascading down the reflection as well. Cas watched Dean’s expression change, flickering from contemplation, through nervousness, and landing on a familiar look of self-assuredness. He smiled but kept his eyes on the mirror as he spoke to Castiel. “So, what happens if I see them?”
He may have only been on the job for a brief amount of time, but he knew enough to surmise where Dean wanted to go. Technically, it wasn’t a specific location. Dean just wanted
Dean took a deep breath and opened his eyes, immediately met with Castiel’s intense blue ones looking right back. He wasn’t sure how he had gone from feeling so powerful, in control with Castiel begging in his lap, to feeling this small, blinking up at Cas while he nuzzled into the man’s palm, but he didn’t mind, as long as it came with the all-encompassing warmth of
Dean barely flinched, just kept eye contact until Castiel spoke up. It took a few seconds of Cas desperately trying to regain the ability for speech, somehow Dean stole that from him on occasion, but when he spoke it was worlds more gathered than he felt. “One more thing, and then you can tell me how not scared you are.”
of confidence, the tide would have swept Cas off his feet if he hadn’t built up such a strong defense. He’d be amiss to claim Dean had no effect on him, and something told him that the other man was all too well aware of that. Despite many distractions, Castiel was ever the professional, possessing an impressive poker face and even more impressive self-control.
Dean thought his neighbor should work in radio. Or as an announcer, or in a call center, or frankly anywhere people would be able to revel in that voice. The man’s partner must be magic based on the choked-off moans & gasps that were steadily pouring into Dean’s bedroom.
Despite the gun, Dean wasn’t done with this conversation. “Castiel. Nice. Well, you don’t. Live here, that is.” Dean kept an artificial smile pasted across his face. “Place is owned by the bank. So unless you’re Mr. JP Morgan himself, in which case, nice to meet ya, sir, but I’m pretty sure you don’t own a foreclosure.”
“You knew it was me.” A statement, one that made Dean shrink inwards a bit. Cas spoke again. “Dean, I-“
Cas finally looked up into Dean’s eyes, and Dean was surprised to see the challenge presented behind those stupidly beautiful blue eyes. “Well then, Dean, could you tell me exactly what type you did take me for when you were contemplating my preferences in bed?”
He watched as Dean opened the paper slipcover and neatly snapped off a match. With practiced, measured movements, he struck the match against the strip on the back and a crackling flame burst into existence. Cas held back a laugh at the genuine delight in Dean’s eyes when he held it to the edge of the newspaper and the fire caught immediately. Dean blew out the match and dropped it to the table, more focused on the tiny inferno in front of him, and more than that, Castiel holding the plate, staring right over the flames and directly at him.
“So, Dean, is there anything else I might be able to do to help relieve your... suffering?” The way the last word was drawn out, long and slow when Castiel's teeth dragged over his lip while forming the phrase, made the question sound less like his earlier Veterinarian-Oath-themed innuendo and more like a flat-out proposition.
Cas let one of Dean’s hands go, lowering his body down until Dean could feel the hot line of Castiel’s cock against the crease of his thigh. Dean’s hand flew down to grab at Cas, his hand finally moving down past the invisible barrier he had constructed earlier on the couch, past the waistband of Castiel’s shorts. Dean finally palmed at the man’s ass, rocking his hips up at the same time to press them yet tighter together.
Castiel snapped the buttons at the wrist of his gloves, ignoring the way Dean scrunched up his mouth to conceal a laugh. Dean liked to poke fun at the leather gloves that Castiel thought of as uniform for a chauffeur. They were sleek and black, matching the suits he wore while on the job, and Castiel liked them. Dean seemed to have an endless amount of pop culture driving references to make, but his jokes always came back down to the damned gloves. On their first meeting, Dean had goaded Cas into an impassioned defense of the accessory, poking fun until Castiel rose valiantly to his gloves’ defense, just for his impassioned speech to be cut off by a stream of gleeful laughter from the back seat. Castiel took uniformity very seriously, as it was the best way to present his professionalism and service from the first glance. Castiel could be relatively accurately judged by his cover and his commitment to his appearance often matched his control over his emotions but when it came to Dean, control was a bit harder to rein in. Dean had merely questioned the necessity of his favorite pair of gloves, and Castiel had jumped to defend, forgetting momentarily that he was on a job, talking to a client, not a friend. Dean hadn’t let him apologize, he seemed delighted despite Castiel’s protests and insisted that he “let loose like that more often.” Castiel had just pressed his lips together and nodded once in acknowledgment.
The room was small, the desk smaller, and when Dean stepped up to ask for a room, Cas joined him at the counter.
Once he reached the landing with nothing but a mostly muted groan from the second to last step, Dean saw a door cracked open that he knew for
-Dean away so Cas could finally stand up and get out of there as soon as possible. This was his closest call yet, and they'd shared a classroom five entire mornings in a row.
Dean would turn and shoot him a dirty look, but turning his head now, with Cas’s shoulder tight up against his where they stood at the desk, would only put him closer to Cas.
Cas moved his hand slowly, gauging Dean’s reactions. Dean just groaned impatiently and knocked Castiel’s hand away, moving down over Cas until he hovered inches over Castiel’s erection. He looked up to meet Castiel’s eyes, and Dean held that contact as he took the tip of Cas’s cock into his mouth and sucked, fluttering his eyelashes at Castiel in false innocence while he moaned at the taste.
Dean kept the call short, rushing to the punchline but still earning the reaction he wanted, or at least Castiel assumed he did, based on the way Dean paused for effect and smiled that proud smile of his. He asked a few quick questions about Sam and college and his girlfriend, knowing his brother would return one-word answers on all three and signed off with a promise to FaceTime soon.
“I know I don’t have a huge sample size to pull from, but somethin’ about the look is giving me less angel, way more hot stoner vibes,” God, he just called him hot to his face. One thing for the angel to see all his private, adrenaline-fueled thoughts and another entirely for Dean to be rendered filter-less by said angel.
“Dean, I’m sorry, I couldn’t wait to talk. I’m… I’m scared of this. I can’t lose you but if this is….” Castiel’s voice rumbled deep in Dean’s chest, causing a stampede of emotions to rush forward. He couldn’t deny that he was crying now, tears falling silently as he stared at the knot of Cas’s tie. Dean tried to drag his eyes upwards, he wanted to look Castiel in the eye, wanted to do this right.
Cas cried out, seemingly brought to the brink by Dean’s words, or by the desire he found in his eyes once they met. Cas came, covering both his stomach and Dean’s, even a little landing on Dean’s collarbone, nearly atop an earlier hickey. Dean held Cas close as he came back down, feeling Cas nuzzle into his shoulder and Dean’s eyes filled with tears. He was just… overwhelmed at the events that had unfolded on what was supposed to be a lonely drunk movie night, and it instead turned into a completely sober hookup with his best friend and roommate for whom he has feelings for that he’d been able to ignore for a while. He couldn’t ignore his wants when it comes to Cas now, There’s simply no way he could be given such a gift like that just for it to be taken away, it might crush him. This is the part Dean was afraid of. The after, the talking.
I want something to get me drunk. Both, c’mon, mine is like 10 bucks. You can brag about being right and I can have a bottle of nice hot microwave wine all to myself.”
Something was stuck to Castiel’s back, a small, white circle. Dean was pretty sure he knew what he was looking at, but he needed full confirmation. “Hey, Cas, c’mere.”
you a kiss, I just said I usually picture our first kiss differently.” Dean needed to stop talking, and soon. He was going to say too much and drop the Big Feelings on Cas and ruin everything. He’s saying words like usually and always, and that can get messy quickly.
Cas just wiggled his body even closer, his back arching to press his chest towards Dean, as if the sight alone wasn’t enough of a temptation. He could still see those damn bruises on Cas’s neck where someone else had claimed him as theirs. It burned deep in Dean’s stomach, the feeling of possession he so often pushes away when he’s around Cas. He’s never felt free to
Castiel looked around the interior of the store that he had somehow managed to deceive Dean into entering, a small boutique wine shop. He took a few breaths, knowing that a winery on Main Street, Small Town, USA was not the best location for a blowout between the two of them. Dean was looking at the bottles on the shelves as if they were in danger of being cursed and not just simply guilty of being overpriced, and Castiel would laugh if he wasn’t so frustrated with Dean’s behavior. The ex-hunter had a bottle of some special edition whiskey clutched to his chest, while Castiel was holding out a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc in one hand, the other offering a Pinot Grigio in a cobalt blue bottle.
The first time Dean got into the back of Castiel’s vehicle, he greeted the driver like they were old friends. His genuine enthusiasm threw Castiel for a loop, momentarily dropping his perfect composure and even stuttering. Dean had just grinned like he won a prize, easily falling into his ways of casual charm. They spent most of the day together, Cas taking Dean from press event to press event.
Charlie stole both Anna and Jo and ran off for a while, leaving Gilda and Castiel to finish up the sign for the booth. Once they were alone and chatting, Castiel understood Charlie's affections for the girl. She was spectacularly kind and quite beautiful, and based on the repeated questions that Gilda seemed to have about Charlie, it seemed the feelings were reciprocated. The girl didn't push Castiel to share too much, which was appreciated after the week he had.
Bobby dropped the challenge out of his eyes, and immediately Dean was filled with relief. The masculine posturing that Dean was used to with his family seemed to be foreign to Cas.
Dean had ruffled Castiel’s hair as a sort of goodbye gesture that night, a rare moment of physical contact, almost hesitant at first when he reached up and threaded his fingers through Castiel’s hair, but without a trace of nerves showing on his face. Of course, Dean stared Castiel down the whole time, forest green eyes intense and a small smile twitching at the corners of his lips while Cas stood still as ever. Dean had looked at Castiel like he could see just how much space he took up in the man’s thoughts. Like he could press play and review the thoughts that Castiel was fighting to ignore. The memory of it made Cas reach for his water bottle to soothe a suddenly dry throat.
The first week back at school was always Dean's favorite. Everything was busy; everyone was excited to be catching up and one-upping each other with stupid stories from the summer. Instead of taking the lead as he usually would have, he held back when discussing his summer, unsure of what to say to his friends, how he could explain,
Dean landed hard, the air knocked out of his lungs somewhere between the ground and the solid weight of his attacker, who was now looking down at Dean from where he sat straddling the man’s hips, handgun retrieved and aimed, face far too smug for Dean’s liking. The muzzle of the gun to his chest was now a constant threat, which Dean found out annoyed him more than anything. That’s
"It's usually just me when the weather's below 70. I could turn off the tunes if you want," Dean broke the silence himself and studied the boy's face as he spoke, trying to place him as familiar and having trouble. He knew most people in town, and it wasn't often that he didn't recognize someone, especially when they were as noticeable as this stranger.
“Whatever. Doesn’t matter. Past is the past, right?” For Dean, too, he hoped. He really wasn’t sure if he should expect divine retribution for the whole stabbing incident. “Can I get my guns back? Now that we’re all on the same page?”
, but Dean ignored him, wanting to wait until Cas couldn’t keep himself from begging. He wanted, no, he needed to hear Castiel’s desire, needed to believe it for himself.
important, c'mon, I need you to help over here, Dean. Dean, c'mon." Her voice got quieter as it went on, fading into the crowd of students around the gym; Dean successfully led away. Castiel wasn't sure what he had done to have his life hit with such a set of events. The whiplash from the glitter shower panic episode into the perfectly timed save by Charlie, who
“You just jump into my head, dude?” Dean managed to sound offended, but he wasn’t able to hold back the immediate return of every inappropriate thought that he’d had so far about Castiel, newly introduced
Castiel was used to sitting there alone, bathed in the kaleidoscoping rainbowed light that streamed through the stained glass. That window was the reason he loved coming, besides the obvious perk of solitude. Castiel shared his dorm room with another boy named Gabriel, who was alright as far as roommates go, especially considering the other students in his class. Gabe had some flaws; for example, Castiel could do without being sexiled at least twice a week. That wasn't actually the problem that day - Gabe had smoked earlier, and the room still smelled like weed. Regardless of how many times he'd gotten away with it, Castiel didn't want to be the only one on the scene if admin were to smell anything from the hallway. Gabriel had signed out for the weekend, and despite Castiel's impeccably clear record, the school's drug policy was strict.
Their midafternoon picnic soon morphed into a nighttime drive, altogether the perfect date planned by Dean. Somewhere on their route back towards Castiel's cabin, Dean pulled over and looked at him.
suffering. I take my job very seriously.” Although he was pretty sure Cas was leaving out some important specificities regarding the species of the patients he treats, Dean didn’t find it beneficial to argue, his priorities shifting around in his mind. Suddenly, the coin-operated vibrating bed back at the motel was sounding like a lot less fun than the prospect of
“Is this what you had in mind?” Castiel’s voice struck Dean to his core, a bolt of heat through the empty house they stood in. He whispered dark against Dean’s neck, and the tone was one that Dean never imagined from the lips of a being so holy. Cas laughed at that thought, and Dean wasn’t sure when he stopped caring about the mind-reading, but it might have something to do with the ease with which Castiel picked up on his fantasies.
Dean spoke the last bit like it was genuinely hard for him to get the words out, lips pulled onto a scowl. Castiel rolled his eyes, an over-dramatized act performed just to annoy Dean.
So, after weeks of this consistent pining & lust-driven, guilt-inducing jack off sessions, Dean had accepted he would never get what he wanted, he would never see his neighbor, he would die alone in this apartment, driven insane with lust by the boners he popped every time he heard the lock next door click shut. It was some sort of pavlovian response now, & Dean would find time to be annoyed by it if he wasn’t so busy with his head pressed against the wall & his hand down his pants.
’ Cas was reaching up to the top shelf, popped up onto his tiptoes with his shirt crawling up his back when Dean saw it.
Cas hadn't let go of his grip on Dean's neck, and he closed his eyes to focus on Dean's touch to his hip and his forehead on Cas's shoulder.
Castiel tilted his head, a motion Dean felt more than saw, the angel’s hair brushing against Dean’s cheek as he moved. “Ghost is a romance film? So it isn’t about an earth-bound spirit?”
In fact, it was the sound of that door closing that signaled the beginning of the live sex show less than 5 feet from Dean’s own bed. Through a wall, but still. So close. Dean always pictured the man’s partner coming home from work, immediately being drawn in by temptations & barely able to remove his shoes & coat. They would fall into bed so quickly from there, in Dean’s imagination his dream man was eager to see him, almost as if he was touch starved from just the day alone.
Castiel pulled his feet up onto the bed as well, stopping only to remove his shoes before crossing his legs underneath him.
Before Dean could finish painting the picture in his head, he heard the first low, resounding groan. He pictured parted lips & fluttering eyelashes, & he felt a wave of heat roll over his body. He waited, biting his lip in anticipation. The shock of hearing that damned voice like this still hit Dean like a sack of potatoes, sending stabs of pleasure through his gut.
No, Dean was not giving up. He would figure this out himself. Another flash of pain washed through Dean’s body as he slammed the trunk shut and yanked the front door of his car open.
Dean glared at him, the look enough to send most men into a sign of submission, but barely enough to phase Castiel. The angel powered on, only fueled by the fire he saw behind Dean’s eyes. “Apparently so, regardless of the correct directions.” He kept his gaze trained on Dean’s hand where it sat, absolutely not moving towards the turn signal, no matter how hard Castiel willed it to. “You’re acting purposefully obtuse, Dean. You’re only causing us to be late.”
Dean and Cas were… Well, Dean and Cas, but this time with more open communication and a scruffy dog. Things couldn’t be more
"It was nice, I had an art elective, but honestly, I'm mostly glad I don't have to go deal with gym class now, thank you." Castiel's answer seemed to please her, and she squeezed his hand as she led them towards the smaller gym that hosted events.
“I’ve decided to keep you overnight for observation, Dean,” When Castiel spoke his name, the way it ran through his entire body bordered on sobering. Dean shuddered. He felt clarity. He wanted. Cas had a way of speaking that felt like his voice was reaching inside Dean’s chest, lighting him up from inside. “It would be remarkably unprofessional at this point to not ensure that you begin your healing process as safely as possible.”
Thoughts like that always overwhelmed Dean if he allowed himself to get lost in them, too swept up in what Castiel
Cas pulled his phone out, and the text from the unknown number was the only proof that he hadn't just hallucinated the whole experience. Dean had simply sent a 'hey there' text, and Cas smiled before sending back the church emoji. He packed up his things for real now, actually returning his notes to his backpack. Before he left the hallway, he took a quick snap on his cellphone of the stained glass window before him; the faintest glow of night coming through the glass wasn't quite as beautiful once captured, but this night was still worth the memory.
Cas’s hips bucked into his fist, and Cas whined, a wordless plea for more, please, now. Dean let go for a moment, releasing his own length and gripping Castiel properly. He kept his eyes trained on Castiel’s face, nearly enchanted by the way he looked, his every reaction to the simplest of touches. He swiped his thumb over the head, and Castiel’s eyes fluttered shut. His movements were erratic, and Dean knew he was about to come. “Look at me, Cas, let me see,” Dean whispered, and Castiel’s eyes shot open.
“Are we going straight at this light?” To an onlooker, Castiel’s words may seem like a question, but they both knew the intent behind such a prodding question, especially considering the previous dozen similar digs he’d already delivered on the drive so far.
Dean scoffed, managing his tone despite the man straddling his hips and the gun still pointed at him. “Usually, my pistol is backup for the shotgun. So, when you tackled me, and that fell, I was gonna pull that out if things got hairy.” Dean went with the most literal answer, hoping he’d annoy the man off-topic and eventually out of the fucking house so Dean could rest up for some early morning witch-hunting. “So, what are you using my gun for?”
angel? With no warning? When John called and told Dean he’d be meeting some girl, he must have just not known what the fuck gender to ascribe to the name Castiel. Or maybe angel gender was different? Castiel did sound suspiciously like an angel name, so perhaps it wasn’t an alias after all. Should Dean be worried? He’d never worked with an angel before, he’d only met (and subsequently tried to kill) one once, and that hadn’t gone over too well. Didn’t those winged freaks have some sorta hive mind? Did Castiel know Dean and some angel named Ariel got into a… slight scuffle after Dean laughed at his name?
