Tony’s mouth was hanging open. “Exile has made you cruel and cold-hearted.
The fire of his eyes reflected in Steve’s as he moved towards him and Tony felt his own start to sting with comprehension.
, his eyes didn’t water, for God’s sake.
He dropped his gaze to their hands, Steve’s gently folding the fingers of Tony’s left one until they made a loose fist around Ian’s hand, concealing it from view.
“Tony, dammit,
“Master Steve,” came Jarvis’ warm voice from the door. “I was asked to inform you that Mister and Mrs. Hogan have arrived along with Mister Rhodes. Master Anthony wonders when you’ll join them.”
So he lived as though nothing had changed. In the day, he would jog around the various cities and train in the gyms that Senator Brandt allowed him to go to. In the evenings, Steve did his little show and told everyone how very much the world was doomed unless he, as Captain America, stopped the rising of so-and-so. It was the same routine every day, and at the end of it, he and Tony would sit next to each other, wrapped in silence. It was all stuck on repeat—every single night.
Tony sighed and sat down on the warm grass. “This whole trip is a train-wreck,” he said quietly.
It dawned on him then. Tony was memorizing him. Committing his every contour to memory. There was no gratitude in his touch—this was pure yearning at its best. For a split-second, Steve vowed to ask him why he was so afraid to lose Steve all of a sudden, but then, Tony’s hand wrapped fully around his length, a quivering breath pressing past his lips.
“You did,” Tony agreed quietly. “But it won’t be enough, at least not right now. Let’s be honest here, you had our finger on self-destruct the whole time, and you pushed it when you dragged Bucky out of Vienna. And now we’ve reached a dead end.” He sighed, then glanced at Bucky. “No offense. I’m glad you’re not dead.”
“It was a… research facility.”
Bracing himself, Steve moved to open the door, and then he was looking at Tony. And Tony was looking back.
They needed to bring this to an end soon.
Tony tossed a sideways glance to the tent outside and frowned. The day had been a jumble of mixed signals and jilted confusion. Steve had been so nice to him, and sometimes, he’d been almost openly flirting with him, which he’d never done so far. They’d been ‘creepy-close’, as Rhodey always put it—laughing and bickering and always
Steve squared his shoulders. “You’ve got no right to do that. You’ve got no authority.”
DUM-E was sort of screeching in excitement, as he shook Steve’s hand up and down, and Tony
Steve Rogers was the school’s star quarterback. The school’s star-everything. And in about three weeks, Steve would be attending Stanford, and join the NCAA. He got the skills, the scholarship, and in a few years—everyone knew that—Steve would be in the NFL.
Steve guessed. They had that look on their faces, a hint of pity and disbelief with lots of curiosity, which could only mean that they were here to console him.
How had his life possibly turned into… this?
Ever since meeting this future version of Tony—ever since this Tony knew he wasn’t truly his husband, he’d forced himself to be as distant as possible, it seemed.
Clint snorted, and got a whack on the head for his efforts. “
to tell him, while Tony still didn’t have the guts to come clean about his past.
“Unf–fair…”
Really, there was no other way to describe his feelings right now. He was having a major freak out and only barely managed to keep his cool around the others.
“I’m not gonna last,” he gasped and although he had no single idea what kind of behaviour was appropriate during a—a
It was
? Did you know that Bucky would die, too?”
Bucky nodded, then smiled at Steve. “Tony Stark is wretchedly in love with you, Stevie. Doesn’t matter which time, or… hell, which universe, most likely. He’s devoted to you to a fault. It’s one of the reasons why I like him so much.”
Steve frowned. “It?”
They looked so
They held their gazes a bit longer, and just when Steve had convinced himself that he could finally walk up to Tony and wrap his arms around his slim figure, Tony cleared his throat and took a step back.
[J.A.R.V.I.S.] [chat_server:46954]
There was a click and a flash, and when Steve looked up, Clint was already handing Natasha her phone back, who passed it further around, showing everyone the photo Clint must’ve taken.
“Yeah,” Tony said with a small smile. “I will be.”
He’d never tell anyone how much he still felt like he should be standing or sitting a little bit straighter whenever Steve was around.
Tony stared at him. “My ways often hurt people, too,” he said. “You only wanted to help her. And Wanda’s a special flower. She’s got more power in her little finger than just about any one of us. She wasn’t born that way, so she needs to learn to control it. It wasn’t your fault for pointing that out.”
There would be time for reflection in a few days. Right now, Steve just wanted rest.
Steve blinked. “A good impression?”
The ride home was… definitely something. Steve was seated right next to Tony, pressing against him so insistently he was halfway sitting in his lap. They weren’t kissing again, and maybe Tony was paranoid about it, but he
Tony’s head tilted as he regarded him. “And now you’re nervous what I will think of you when you come back?”
Friday’s interface blinked once, a map opened, and it zoomed in on a building in Malibu. “She’s alive, sir.”
Bruce frowned, nodding. “Right.”
“No,” Thor replied, and while he seemed to be tempted to glance back to the television every once in a while, his expression had turned serious. “I might have seen it during my quests in the Nine Realms. But there were no traces of the Bifrost opening a portal, or a rift of a different kind, so I am uncertain why it appeared in your city.”
Next to her, Clint struggled to his feet and reloaded his crossbow, even as another robot aimed a kick at her stomach. But whatever had floored her passed, and she grabbed the bot’s foot and gave it a vicious twist, pulling him to the floor and straddling his waist, red blasts of magic aimed at the chest plate, before ripping it apart.
* * *
During the few seconds it took Tony to reply, Steve realized his mistake. Not only was he acting like a jealous idiot, but he was risking exposing whatever it was that had never really happened between them. Luckily, Tony supplied him with an easy way to backtrack and Steve tried not to let any of this show on his face or be reflected in his stance. Even if he couldn't have Tony, it didn't mean he would watch others take advantage of him.
“Can’t this wait until tomorrow?” Jarvis asked the agents again. “I would ask you to let Mister Stark process the news first. She was his wife, after all.”
“I love you,” Tony said.
“Right,” Steve agreed, obviously a bit dazed with it all. Instead of letting go, though, he drew Tony in again, pulling him tight against his chest before hauling him up with an arm under his ass.
A rush of irritation overtook him, the same sense of betrayal that had dogged his thoughts since Fury had tried to play him by putting him into a fake hospital with a fake baseball game welcoming him back to reality.
“Who’s ‘we’?”
. He was already fifteen minutes late, and he still needed to take a shower and get presentable. No wonder the penthouse was completely dark when Tony stepped out of the elevator. “You already on your way?” he asked.
When they pulled into the empty and remarkably oversized parking lot, there was a distinct roadside horror movie cliché popping up in Steve’s head, which was only solidified by the “Road Side America” sign. Its paint was all but faded and a few letters were missing.
“It was
Steve had looked so
Howard asked Maria with an exasperated glance towards the teenager’s form.
“Uh uh.”
in his head…”
[New Client2] [chat_server:46956]
Midway, Steve turned around, realizing that he’d forgotten his shield.
“He couldn’t have seen this coming,” Natasha said with a firm voice. “None of us could.”
“There’s something we need to talk about.”
Tony held his gaze a little longer, then nodded and resumed his work on the water wheel, leaving Steve to his jumbled thoughts.
“Steve?” he prompted gently, but Steve didn’t move at all from where he’d been glancing over at Tony. It was, well it was scary as hell, to be honest. Last time he’d been too confused to really grasp what was happening, but now he had it on full display and—What would he do if Steve didn’t snap out of it again?
Before he could fully grasp what she was doing—what he was doing—he found himself back in her arms. She was cradling her body against his, and her head was on his shoulder. She was crying, he realized after a moment, and it was the first time he had seen her do that. He could tell by the tension in her body that it made her uneasy. The openness—the way her arms trembled around him. When he closed his eyes, he could almost pretend he could keep her.
Truth was, he
“More than anything,” Tony confirmed, without missing a beat. “Does that scare you?”
Steve rolled his eyes, as he pressed a hand on Tony’s shoulder, keeping him down. “Can you do
Tony pursed his lips in distaste. He hated not knowing. “If you want a divorce after all, at least let me grab a breather after battle. Like, oh… fifty years or so. Sound good to you?”
Then he said something. Three words. And that was all.
which was easily the most hilarious thing Tony had ever seen.
Howard added, and Steve closed his eyes briefly,
Steve’s jaw twitched again and Tony could see the irritation in his eyes.. “You should’ve told me. I’m the team-leader.”
Steve’s eyes were inexplicably sad. “’s not enough.”
What if this was not his future after all? At least—not anymore.
to Tony in private, just a minute or two, without Ross monitoring them, he was sure they could find a way out of this mess together.
Steve groaned. “
“There’s no lasting damage, right?” he asked Thor, his voice casual. “That antidote will just cleanse everything, and they’re back to normal?”
“You could bring me food.”
“Well,” Clint said, as so often the first to find his words, after Strange’s chanting came to an end. “That was—”
“Steve,” Tony said in a hopefully soothing but firm tone. “Wake up.” He reached for Steve’s hands, and tried to gently pull them towards his chest.
A part of him wanted to stay mad at Steve, but Steve—he just had to be around him all the time; with his stupid eyes and his stupid hands and his stupid voice that went along nicely with said stupid hands as they randomly touched him whenever they were watching movies or spending time in Tony’s shop.
“Well, you’re a man hard to get a hold of, Captain,” Fury answered. “My sources told me your team is about to become a full-fledged international incident. Care to explain just what the hell’s goin’ on?”
Steve sighed. “I’m not ‘claiming’ anything. And… no matter how much you trust me—Let me help. It’ll be safer for you if you take me with you.”
Tony paused then, and while his anger didn’t subside—Obi had made sure of that—it was sort of overshadowed with a cautious relief that Steve hadn’t just decided to forget about him altogether.
They hadn’t really made any big headway, but it was a start. And Tony had a feeling they were onto something.
“Drama queen,” he said and shook his head. He put the phone down again, twirled it once, then picked it back up. Biting his lower lip, he pushed down on the call button. Whatever. There was no harm in checking if Steve had at least given him the right number.
* * *
“Mmh,” Tony hummed against Steve’s mouth—because he was still right there,
“I can’t show you all of it,” Strange told him. “Just brief glimpses. As time, memories fade as well, and those other possibilities, they’ve almost fully disappeared by now.”
Tony gasped at the first contact, thrusting back slightly and groaning when that didn't get him what he wanted. Steve's voice was low and sensual, leaving him lightheaded and panting.
Steve had needed to put the perfection of that specific moment onto the canvas. He had wanted it so much he could hardly breathe when it finally turned out just
All the while, Tony nuzzled Steve’s jawline, breathing into his skin and inhaling his scent. One of his hands wandered up and down the span of Steve’s back, kneading his shoulders whenever he reached them. When Steve’s breathing had evened out, Tony gave the smallest nudge, looking up at him questioningly, and with a soft sound, Steve let himself be pushed back on the bed.
The words came slowly and with difficulty. “It’s Peggy,” Steve said, his voice almost inaudible. He didn’t say anything else, and
of bad news.”
Steve pouted but he didn’t have the strength to argue with him. Instead, he released another yawn and followed Tony across the corridor. They stepped into what Steve supposed was Tony’s bedroom, and… everything stopped.
“You’re so beautiful. You were driving me crazy the other day.”
. There should be laws against Steve looking the way he did now. All flushed skin and potent need. However, soon enough, Tony felt a wave of giddiness surge through him. So they were both alright with switching, that was… God, that was perfect.
“But what about all of your home?” Bucky added, quietly.
Steve spent a lot of time in the gym rooms, these days. Punching away on the many training bags or lifting weights. At first, it didn’t take much to get him out of breath, and more often than not, he found himself wheezing on the floor. But after a while, after weeks passing, his body seemed to adapt, even gaining a little muscle.
Steve didn’t know why he was so surprised at Tony’s words. It was true after all. This time, their love didn’t help, couldn’t save them.
Physical pain would have been welcome right now; it would have taken his mind off the aching in his head. And from far back in his memory, he remembered that acting against the rules had always been followed by endless amounts of pain. And now, he found himself cheated out of that half-desired punishment.
“He’s stubborn. And he…” Barnes fell silent for a long beat, obviously wrestling with himself. “I know he’ll hate me for telling you, but… he likes you. When we arrived in Wakanda, he was… I’ve never seen him like that. Looked a lot like heartbreak to me.”
“Right.” Sam nodded, and together, they made their way through the chaos. Natasha and Sam stayed well hidden by the cars, while Tony flew across the scene. Sam’s leather jacket flapped as he jumped and spun, shooting two to the ground and landing between them. Natasha whipped out one dagger after another and hurled them with a marksman’s precision. The HYDRA agents gurgled as blood spewed from their necks and in no time, half a dozen had fallen to the ground. The rest of the men turned in their direction and away from Steve, which had been their plan exactly.
Between one step and another, Steve’s surroundings changed.
“I don’t think you were really trying,” Tony said.
So Tony just hugged him to his body, holding onto him like he was his only anchor right now. And for now—for the rest of their lives—Steve was determined to be just that.
“Well, I thought you liked me.”
Tony’s eyes settled back on Steve and he wrapped both arms around his waist. “Tell me something, Steve. Are you enjoying yourself?”
Wohoo! It's done! I always wanted to write a wilderness survival story and I had a blast writing this one. Hope you guys enjoyed it!
"That's a noble cause indeed," Sam said with a grave nod of the head. "And how'd you get it done?"
“Hello, Captain Rogers,” Tony said with a polite yet distanced tone. “I think we haven’t met yet.”
phone. Stark? Traitor? Judas?
Steve smiled. “Come on… tell me what you wished for,” he coaxed.
Anyway, all Tony wanted right now was quiet, and there was no quiet to be had while sitting around a crowded conference room. When he had left, he had felt their pitying gazes following him to the door; and now, even as he stood here, he could still hear them. They were talking about him. Worrying.
Or half of it. Whatever.
Steve looked pained. “I know.”
going to be tempted. And he’s going to make mistakes over and over again.”
Tony wiggled a little, giving off a rather choked breath when their middles met. “Yes. What about it?”
On the outside, it looked like Barnes slept. But Tony could tell it was a false sense of calm. It wasn’t as though they could call it a coma, per se—not really; there were faint whisperings, and uncontrolled cries at night.
financing the Avengers!
He could only remember Steve being down two… maybe three times. Basically whenever Tony had to do test runs on his newest uniform. Otherwise, Steve simply didn’t come down to the shop.
The implication was staggering, making Steve swallow once to push back the thought. Tony didn't need his protective streak right now, it would serve no purpose. Instead, he made a shallow motion, pressing tighter against him.
He opened the undersuit, then put his hand into the top, touching along Tony’s spine. Tony shivered slightly when Steve’s fingertips pressed against his skin.
Steve shrugged. “You spend enough time in the shop, and JARVIS tracked your whereabouts when I worked on it.”
A huff left her lips, as she looked back up and cast him a deathly scowl. “I’m not blushing. Don’t be ridiculous.”
anything. I just tease him. I tease
“You’re welcome.”
Steve shook his head, unwinding. “I don’t understand.”
Rhodey exhaled, then shrugged unapologetically. “That, too, yes, but that’s not the point—”
“Steve…”
It wasn’t a loud crash that stopped Tony’s words, just a subdued whooshing sound. At first, he’d thought something on the now-crooked supply shelves had fallen to the floor, but when he looked up, he stared directly into the serene face of Vision.
"She messaged me…" Steve said, frowning.
“I love you, you know?” he asked quietly. “This doesn’t change anything between us. I won’t allow it.”
Steve couldn’t stop himself. “He’ll be asking to borrow the car any day now.”
“I will,” he said, and with that, he pulled Tony to his chest and started to run.
"Come
"Yeah." Steve nodded his head, ducking it for a brief second. There really was no use in hiding from Bucky. He’d always known him far too well. "It's… It's stupid, compared to what you're dealing with."
He supposed there were a lot of things that others would deem heroic, but Tony had never shared their sentiments. Not truly. He’d never felt like a hero. Never felt like someone for others to look up to.
Natasha shrugged, as if genuinely unbothered. “Don’t be. He knew Steve from before the implants. Maybe those memories are stronger.”
Steve knew that he was—at least on a physical level—attracted to Tony. And he knew Tony must be attracted to him, too. It didn’t get much clearer than masturbating to someone’s picture, right?
,” Steve said vehemently. “My
Steve remembered all those nights when he and Tony had been too involved in each other to even notice that the outside world existed. When Steve’s arms had been perpetually locked around Tony’s body and their lips had been glued to each other’s… when it would have taken an apocalypse or worse to drive them apart. And despite it all, he longed for that.
Before he could keep apologizing for the piss-poor way he’d sprung this on Steve, Steve was already moving, cradling Tony’s face in both hands and kissing him. He kissed Tony’s ear and his jaw, working his way around to his mouth and then lingering there.
However, the giant Daisy below picked up that moment to basically blow up like a balloon, and Tony had about two seconds of envisioning a horrible explosion right in the middle of Manhattan, before the plant-monster simply deflated, and died.
Steve’s eyes widened. “Ty?” he asked, and—oh shit. “Your first was
Their stalemate lasted, all in all, for ten minutes. Then, the door to the room flew open and Tony steamed back out again. He opened his mouth to say something likely insulting, but Steve stopped him by blurting, “Do you want to help me fix dinner? I want to make burgers.”
However, one more hour, he’d decided, and then, he would look for Tony himself. He wasn’t the sort of guy to avoid an issue like this.
“He’s a clever guy,” Tony said simply. He walked over to the bar as soon as they had arrived in the penthouse. He stared down at the bottles there for a moment, before he served himself a water, filling a second glass right after. Minutes passed, until Steve stepped up to him.
"That's alright," Bucky said with a shrug. Steve didn't know what Tony's surprise was all about, and Bucky would have even less of an idea. They both followed Tony quietly further into the lab, and Steve tried to not look too curious about all the new things in the large space.
“Of course,” Steve repeated softly. He knew he had no choice, none whatsoever. He needed this job—it was all he had.
“Where?” he asked.
“I’m sorry,” he heard himself say. “I shouldn’t have said what I said. About Obadiah. Not without knowing what I heard. It wasn’t the right time.”
Tony glanced down with a heavy heart. “If I can get them back, I have to put them into cells. If I can’t, it’s most likely they’ll be shot in front of my eyes.”
Tony whirled around, and he could almost believe Thanos’ face had frozen with the beginning of a smirk on his lips, when a final blast came loose from the last remaining stone.
"I was worried about—" he started saying, realizing belatedly that he was telling Tony the
Steve’s gaze hadn’t left Tony, but he was frowning now. “I landed somewhere in Lower Manhattan. I… walked here.”
“How many minutes can you be late before Fury will rip me a new one?” Tony asked, and stepped closer, making Steve’s breath hitch in return.
God, Tony had completely lost himself in this. Surely. Fast. This togetherness was addictive, it was like drowning a slow, delightful death. He was losing himself and heaven help him to survive the loneliness that would follow.
No he didn’t. Not always, at least. And Tony didn’t love him—it was obvious. Rhodey didn’t even try to deny it.
“Anthony is an alcoholic. Has been for a while,” Stane continued. “He hasn’t been able to lead his own company for years. And he didn’t treat his wife as she deserved. I’m sure she wanted to tell me she wanted a divorce.”
In any way, falling in love with Steve wasn’t what surprised Tony. Steve had always held a rather special place in his heart.
At least, all of them still seemed to be alive—so that was something.
Tony smiled as though Steve’s question was a great source of amusement. “These people work for me,” he explained. “They have worked for me for decades, and even longer when my parents were still alive. They know I don’t have a preference when it comes to my partners. Most don’t acknowledge it, some might not approve, a few might even think of it as a perversion, but they won’t tell on us, if that’s what you’re wondering. And they won’t show their opinion to you.”
“Exactly.” His tongue stroked Tony’s with fire he’d never felt before. Certainly not with the one single girl he’d kissed behind their church in Brooklyn. Not from anyone. Tony blew every expectation out of his head, and he knew without doubt that he’d never feel this again. Not in reality.
His hate for Bucky Barnes—it seemed like such a waste of time now.
When they met, Tony didn’t move fast enough to counter Steve’s attack. He had him in a stranglehold within seconds, not allowing Tony any room to move, and then, he was raising his shield in the air. At first, Tony had a panicked moment to think Steve would actually punch him, but it was a strange movement, much more a signal than one of Steve’s typical attack moves and Tony didn’t know what to make of it until there was an indiscernible shock wave vibrating through the air.
The team’s voices washed over him, but he was so tired he found it almost impossible to focus. He knew he should be discussing plans, come up with tactics, but his head was pounding and he found it impossible to even keep his eyes open. The bleeding had blessedly stopped at one point, but the skin around his eyes still felt raw. His mind was a swirl of information and data to the point that he physically couldn’t hold still. Extremis was running on maximum capacity, keeping him on edge at all times.
The first time Tony had laid eyes on the Regeneration Cradle, he’d already known it was likely the most important piece of technology he’d ever come across. More important than Iron Man, Steve’s shield or Thor’s hammer. More important even than Vision and his Infinity Stone. He’d known all that, but he couldn’t, not in a Million years, have envisioned how much it’d change his life.
"You know what?" Steve said then, lifting his eyes to meet Bucky's. "Fine."
What he’d always done whenever a situation became too much for him.
Tony grinned. “Good boy.”
Steve nodded, as if the information didn’t surprise him much. “Right. I think it’s obvious that I’m not the Steve of your time. I’m from 2022.”
No, it was time to wipe Ultron’s last act off the earth for good.
Random hot chick. Perfect.
“‘Mister Hammer’ wouldn’t leave Monte Carlo without you, would he?”
Steve swallowed, nodding slightly. The sheer thought of Tony not being at his side made his insides ache with an unfathomable pain, but he knew he had to give him this promise. “I’ll do my best,” he whispered.
“Tony still hiding in the workshop?”
“You’re
Closing his eyes briefly, Tony’s scarred skin began to soften again, the Devil Face making room for a more bearable appearance.
Steve swallowed, letting that sink in. “And?”
So Tony ducked his head and let go of Steve, seemingly giving up. “But you’re happy?” he asked.
Steve groaned, irritated. “Seriously, you need to stop tracking my every step.”
Where did that come from? Steve shook his head and, dropping the pen on the counter, tried to reach for him. "What's gotten into you?"
Pepper clung to him for a moment, then pulled away. He could hear her taking a deep breath, visibly pulling herself together. “Yes, he is. Where is the doctor?”
Tony stopped himself from rolling his eyes. Despite the fact that he
Steve dropped his gaze to the ground. He knew Tony had planned this trip for years, knew exactly how important it was to Tony. Steve had only Edwin Jarvis a couple of times—the butler had died at the beginning of the year just before Tony had cut him out—but he knew he’d been more a father to Tony than Howard ever was. And he’d seen ‘The Plan’. Tony had this vision; where they would be staying, and what needed to be done in order to be at their destination by the time the eclipse took place.
“Ah, you’re just as enthusiastic as I am, huh?” Tony guessed, and chuckled when Steve nodded gravely.
The girl pressed up against him, held him down with an outrageous amount of strength. Warm lips found his, and she ground down against him, driving his mouth open with the force of her tongue. He couldn’t help but respond; something about her seemed to awaken what little was left of his humanity, buried underneath all that programming.
“I know,” he said, smiling, “but I wasn’t talking about your body, darling. That one’s kinda perfect, too, sure, but… I meant
If Pepper noticed the amusement in her husband’s voice, she made no note of it. “I just… I don’t understand. For months we tried to get you to live a little, and now you’ve just decided to throw a ball. In a
“There weren’t even any speed boats involved. No cabanas, no tennis court… How should I know he’d hold grudges this long?”
"Can't say that it is," Steve answered a little stiffly. He wasn't pleased with the revisiting of the sex-pollen idea. It hadn't been particularly funny the first time around. "I just hope there's no long lasting effects. Thor, if you recall anything, let us know, okay?"
“That doesn’t matter,” Steve said shortly. “I need to get him out of there, and if it takes months—or years—for him to come back to himself, then so be it. I would never just abandon him because it’s difficult.”
It took something close to an eternity, but eventually, Steve released a soft breath. “Just promise me one thing.”
Tony went straight for Barnes, scaled the side of the guard railing in a running jump and used the force behind his thrusters to kick him forward onto his back. He could’ve killed Barnes then, and easily so. His target system gave him several clear signals. One quick repulsor shot and it would’ve been over.
“It’s you taking me,” Steve praised, staring at Tony’s hard, leaking cock that hadn’t softened for so much as a second.
Yeah, there definitely was something off about him, Tony thought. There was a kind of reservation to him that Tony couldn’t understand. Back in the living room, he’d openly smiled at him—looking as if Tony’s presence was something he truly
Tony smiled a little pensive. “And how’d that work out for you?”
Steve let both hands drop, and set his elbows on his knees instead, staring straight ahead. “Yeah,” he said, and it felt good—to acknowledge it.
Thus, Steve’d spent those last days in a state of haze and while Tony had cast him cautious glances at first, he was now keeping his distance. It was really frustrating after the good time they’d been having. It felt a lot like a setback, and Steve
, Steve thought. He had a feeling he knew exactly what was coming now.
“Tony…” Steve said lowly, not wanting to pressure Ian into anything, but on the next beat, he turned his head sideways, glancing up at Steve as he clearly considered the situation.
Tony’s expression fell. “I’m being clingy, aren’t I?”
“Best time of my life,” Tony said sighing wistfully, which would apparently be the only answer Steve was going to get. “Alright. I’m gonna send myself a little message.”
“I don’t know. Sometimes you look at me and you seem… sad.”
He was being kissed. By Tony.
What? Tony had no idea what that was supposed to mean. He’d rejected love? If the Eye was talking about Pepper, it really didn’t know what the hell it was talking about. Pepper had broken up with
He couldn’t picture them talking like this while in the same room, at least not like they used to. That last time when they’d had a fairly civilized conversation—when Tony had put Roosevelt’s fountain pen in front of him, asking him to sign the Act—they’d both been keenly aware of each other’s body language, of every facial expression, however marginal. And that conversation hadn’t exactly gone well.
“You say that
Soon, he found out the extent of how great it was. How warm and intense and wet in a way he wasn't sure he was comfortable with. Tony was saying things but Steve wasn't present enough to really hear them. Here, taken apart and put back together again, Steve couldn't spare the attention to decipher words. He just was, and Tony was with him.
“Enough!” Steve used his best drill sergeant voice, which he had perfected over the last months since he’d started training their new team members. “Wanda, Pietro, stay. The rest of you—upstairs. I think that’s enough for today.”
It must’ve been around the sixth morning following Mister Hammer’s illness that Steve realized that… that… he might be falling in love.
“When I couldn’t have made a different call anymore, yes.”
It was a start.
Inside the church, there was an unexpectedly large gathering from the former SHIELD representatives. Several world ambassadors had come as well, to show their honor to a woman that Steve knew they had respected, but he hadn’t expected such a large turnout.
. You… you keep on creating all these marvels, and I’m standing next to you and most of the time, I can’t even find words for how amazing you are. Extremis might’ve made you more efficient, but that’s just a limitation of technology you have to deal with, it doesn’t say a single thing about you.
“Steve,” Tony said again, a little louder now. “Come on, you gotta wake up.”
Tony sighed. “Yeah, sure, apart from us. But we’re
“You need to be back in DC in three hours, Tony,” Maria said, as Tony made his way to the living room. “They want a statement from you. Personally. We can’t hold them off any longer. If it weren’t for Coulson they’d already be at the tower. I called someone to help you. Please don’t be late.” The line went dead.
of course, it wasn’t.
“Hi,” he returned just as awkward, his eyes briefly flickering towards Ian, who, just as Steve had told him, had gotten real big—and apparently able to walk. When he looked back at Tony, the guy was brushing a hand through his hair, as he visibly searched for words.
“Make that twice,” a voice behind him said.
“Just about. Bucky and Nat asked for another half hour.” Another kiss swept across his skin. “They wanted a moment alone.”
The thought had something inside of him stir to life.
A sailboat? It took a moment before the words really started to make sense. And when they did, Steve suddenly felt sick to the bones.
Steve’s expression got serious. “I want you to grab every citizen left and fly them out of here before everything goes downhill.”
Steve faltered in his next punch. The bag in front of him looked ready to tear apart, but he couldn’t bring himself to stop. He’d been in the gym for a while, though he hadn’t kept track of time.
“It wasn’t so bad.”
Steve looked down and his mind sort of blanked out.
“Well, he’s getting a bit skinny.”
“No,” Tony said. He put the tablet he’d brought with him down on the table, twirling it back and forth a bit. “Just… there will be a visitor this afternoon.”
“It’s n-nothing,” he forced the words out of his mouth. “As you s-said: We’ll just have to w-wait.”
. I forgot about that for a moment, back there, but it’s all very clear now.
So logically, whatever he’d seen must’ve hit very close to home.
God, was Tony attractive. His ridiculous facial hair aside, the kid had everything going for him in the looks department. Sharp features, dark skin, deep brown eyes, slim waist, nimble fingers…
“It’s Tony,
“I promise there
—was buzzing with excitement. People thrived on the scandal and newspapers rose debates as to what might have actually happened to the lovely Miss Indries.
“Oh, thank God,” Tony breathed, as it slowly sunk in that Steve was finally agreeing to do this. Immediately, he leaned forward against Steve’s weight and ground himself more intently against his hand. They both moaned, and Tony watched as Steve’s fingers encircled him fully, boxer briefs and all.
After Sharon had stepped down again, the clerk addressed the crowd: “There will be a book at the exit devoted to your remembrances and thoughts. Every post will be copied to Miss Carter’s surviving family. Thank you all for coming.”
Tony sighed. “How do you know these things?”
“You’re a teammate,” he explained, though he knew that word was far too inadequate for his relationship with Tony Stark. Tony Stark had created him, had given him the parameters to understand and interact with the world. Aside from those three months in Afghanistan, he’d been his constant companion, had been the one to greet him and bid him goodnight every day. And he still remembered vividly when Tony had been almost killed by Aldrich Killian, the arc reactor smashed to pieces. He remembered JARVIS cradling him in the lent arms of one of the Iron Man suits, and also remembered the disorientation and sick feeling when he had been convinced that Tony would die and leave him alone in this world for good. It had been most troubling, and he didn’t care to revisit any of that.
The room was quiet except for the sounds of noisy springs, the mutual pants, and the slap of flesh against flesh. It was somehow more intimate, more real, than anything Steve had ever experienced. Unlike any fantasy he might have made up in the past, unlike anything he would have expected. He touched Tony and his skin sizzled, he breathed and Tony shuddered. His cock slid in and out of him as if it had always needed to be there.
“Always,” Steve said then, kissing him again.
At that, Steve stood up, his chair almost toppling to the ground. “So once again, you just told yourself you already knew what I’d say? I haven’t even made a statement yet!”
He had always thought the medical area of Stark Tower to be unnecessarily large, compiled righteously with the stereotypical endless hallways and spacious rooms that were more barren than filled, but now, he was secretly glad that there was enough space to retreat to from all the madness that was Bucky Barnes’ recovery.
Damn it.
Cautiously, Tony stepped closer, so close that Steve had to be feeling the heat emanating off of him. His lips thinned and his human appearance melted away. He made sure Steve saw it all. How the flames flickered over his skin, making him glow from within, slowly burning away his flesh.
Steve walked right into the cockpit, sitting down in the co-pilot seat, looking right at home. He turned on the flight system and typed in Tony’s personal password as if he did it each and every time they flew together—which they’d never done before. Then, to top it all off, he started Tony’s music playlist and activated the shades, like Tony always did whenever he piloted the Quinjet.
was all Steve managed to think before Tony kissed him.
close to climbing Steve like tree and demanding some much-needed attention. "You need to be sure that Barnes is going to be all right. I understand that.”
His eyes were wide and his heart was open, and the whole of him belonged to Tony again.
“I still get triggered.”
Tony took his finger into his mouth, licking the chocolate off. When he released it, he scooped up a dollop of the mousse on his own finger, and with a waggle of his left brow, he smeared it across his lips.
his first time. Of course, Steve needed some time to get used to the feeling.
—, but overbalanced, and fell. Frantically, he shot upwards, the repulsor skittering off of an armored chest. The shots Sam fired at him clang against his armor, the sound of it ringing out like a bell.
“No, I can stay,” Tony hurried to say. With an eye roll, mostly directed at himself, but also at the two of them—how had Natasha put it, boys fretting over nothing?—he closed the space between them. Putting both hands on Steve’s hips, not quite pressing against him, but definitely touching, he looked up into his eyes.
Steve’s gaze fell. “Hasn’t woken up yet, but it can’t be much longer.”
“I’d only bore you,” Tony said at last, though it was clearly only a flimsy excuse. “Suit doesn’t work and I’m out of practice.”
Tony felt heat rising to his cheeks and willed himself to calm down. He
He sat in the bar for a whole long while that night. Bucky’s death kept him shell-shocked, and he lay awake long. Only by the time the moonlit sky faded into morning, Steve’s heavy eyes conceded the battle to fatigue, and he fell into a troubled sleep.
Steve nodded slowly, more to himself than anything else. “Um, there’s nothing wrong with my taste in music. Just because it’s not older than I am…”
The only mystery here was why they hadn’t been kicked out yet.
Steve’s brow furrowed, but eventually, he nodded and made to stand up. “He woke up?”
he thought desperately.
Tony laughed at the mischievousness in Steve’s gaze. The man was such a dork. “Do you now,” he said, weaving a hand through Steve’s hair. “Might need a demonstration.”
Tony laughed, gently coaxing his head upward so he could see Steve’s blue eyes. “Funny,” he said. “You think you’re so funny. I’ll have you know I’m absolutely capable of self-managing my orgasms.”
Tony huffed and fell back on the bed. “’s fantastic at that,” he admitted. Then, he bit his lower lip and snickered, “He’s fantastic at ev’rything… ‘s so fantastic. ‘m so lucky. Such a lucky
Tony stepped into the laboratory while instructing JARVIS to confirm his appointment with the Secretary of Defense in three days. He took a few minutes to skim through the new compounds Bruce had mixed into Barnes’ infusion-cocktail. There were drugs to remove fluids from the brain, and a few sedatives to reduce metabolism and decrease the pressure. There had been a lot of aspects to consider. New suggestions on what it was that would best ease him back into a life of free will. They had safely discarded three of five concoctions and the fourth finally seemed to do the trick.
“Yes I did, and no, it’s not,” he said, frowning when the claw turned in his direction again as if sensing Tony’s voice. “Its…” He took a deep breath, glancing up at Steve. “Its programming is a jumbled mess, okay? I started working on him when I was fourteen or something, and I messed up lots of the basic coding. It’s really a wonder he went online in the first place. I tried to fix the code these past weeks, improve the syntax, really make him functional and all, but…” But then
“Bruce, just… just give me a minute,” Steve muttered. At some point, he had forgotten how to breathe, wheezing and groaning as he pressed air into his lungs. He leaned his forehead against the wheel again, the phone still at his ear and his free hand fisted against his breastbone, trying to hold back the painful thudding of his heart, trying not to just plain pass out.
He only hoped he remembered this. Being held in the safety of her arms. His enemy that was no longer his enemy. His enemy that had become his savior. For the first time, there was hope not to forget again, not having to start anew.
Steve wasn’t smiling now, and his mouth was more demanding than ever. He nipped at Tony’s lips, sucked his tongue desperately between his teeth and cradled Tony’s face between his large hands. The way Steve pressed against him—eyes firmly closed, his fingers diving into Tony’s hair with frantic movements—made every cognitive thought clock out for the evening. Steve moaned, clutching at Tony almost too hard, tilting his head the other way to suck on his bottom lip, and they broke away simultaneously to catch their breath.
"Well, yeah, that too.” Bucky scratched at his chin. “She'd probably make you break up with him."
He pressed upwards, rubbing himself against his own palm, knowing that Steve’s fingers were just a few millimeters away. He was relieved when he heard a quiet moan from Steve’s lips—the knowledge that he wasn’t alone in this made it all the more tolerable.
his name. “Steve,” he said, and only when Tony raised his brows in question, he added, “Rogers.”
Right?
Steve hummed whenever Tony spoke, not knowing how to respond or not bothering to think of an answer. He pressed his cheek to Tony's neck, his fingers lazily drawing patterns on his abdomen as they sat awkwardly. His legs were starting to go numb, but he wasn't ready to move just yet, acutely aware of how utterly Tony trusted him, letting his entire weight rest against him.
Tony sighed. “Look, it wasn’t clear if this would ever become something we’d have to talk about. I had a feeling they were working on something for a while now, but I didn’t have any specifics. I found the document three days ago.”
. Steve…”
“Give him a moment,” Tony supplied, and in some way, he looked both relieved and disappointed. He walked up to Steve and reached for his hand. “He’s seeing the world for the first time. Let him do it at his own pace…”
Steve snorted. “No to both. Sorry.”
When it briefly stopped raining, they made their way into the woods. It took them half an hour before they found some trees with orange fruits hanging from their crowns. They’d first found them a few days ago, on one of their walks through the woods. Not sure if they were poisonous at first, they’d done a few tests—touching the fruits to their lips, keeping it in their mouths, only eating a little and then waiting for reactions. By now, it was safe to say the fruits were edible, and aside from fish, rabbits and boars and a deer-like animal with
Bucky smiled warmly. “I remember now. And I remember that I’ve always loved you.”
Steve had to wonder if any of it even mattered to him or if he just kept on teasing Steve for the sake of it. If he did the same with anyone who posed a challenge.
“Sometimes, I hated that virus,” he admitted quietly. “I told him so at the farm. Makes me think if he did it on purpose. Did it for me.”
Even if it was everything.
"Get inside me. Please."
* * *
He really didn’t want Steve to get in trouble because of him. So better safe than sorry.
“Then
Tony shook his head, smiling. “Trust me, I’m the furthest from being sad than I have been in months.”
He closed his eyes, breathing in her scent, willing himself to remember it next time. “I know.”
“Steve!” Pepper called when she noticed him approaching. “We were wondering what kept you.”
“You need to breathe with me. Come on, Buck, I know you can do it.”
“No, James is right,” Natasha said. “We can’t let them all leave. Better to focus on Steve, it’s important to find out what is going on. We’ll just have to see who we can get out with him.”
But even as he thought it, he felt a flicker of doubt. The night before, Bucky’s eyes had been jaded maybe, had been hard, but there was also sorrow, and confusion. He’d looked blatantly hurt, like he couldn’t even understand what he was doing—
“Just tryin’ to keep it light,” Tony said, and heaved a long breath. “It’s a shitty situation, Vis, nothing to be done about that. For all of us. But you
Tony sighed, his head dropping. “Send them down to the workshop. The door’s open,” he said, then typed in the code that made the glass front open up.
This—very clearly—couldn’t be his future. There was no single way the two of them would ever get into a relationship with each other.
Ant-Man frowned, and yelped as the rocket hit him. It catapulted his re-sized form right into Peter’s hands, who immediately webbed him to the ground.
“Maybe it’s permanent, have you never thought about that?”
“I can stop him,” she repeated, her voice determined.
Steve smiled—a stranger’s smile—but the open relief in his eyes was beautifully familiar. “I’ll be there.”
Steve groaned with the pain, smashing his head at Bucky to get away from him. Bucky had a hold on his arm though, and threw him right into the next wall.
Tony bit his lip. “I don't remember Steve dimension-hopping back then, so that’s new, but…” He sighed, obviously finishing whatever he’d had to say in his mind. After a beat, his eyes flickered back to Steve. He quirked a smile. “Sorry for… the kiss and… the stripping.” He rubbed another hand over his neck. “I guess we’re not an item where you come from. That must’ve thrown you for a loop.”
The shock at what Tony was saying was akin to getting slapped across the face, and Steve stared at him for one, long, disbelieving moment. He gritted his teeth, his hands clenching to fists still held tightly in his crossed arms to avoid doing anything stupid. It was much harder than he remembered to keep his anger in check.
Steve rolled his eyes as he scooped a helping of eggs onto two plates, where he had the potatoes and bacon already prepared. “You want orange juice or milk?”
At that, Tony finally took a step into the room, then another. True to Friday’s words, every single one of the remaining team was around—at least those who were still residing on Earth, and not currently in medical.
to care. “And you still mistake inevitability for choice.”
And ever since Steve and Barnes had walked away to god-knows where, Tony’s mornings bore the desire to not get up, to not get in the shower and not go kill himself a bit more today. It never worked. The hold was too great. He had to attend Supreme Court hearings, and CIA hearings, and Senate hearings every day. He did work for institutions with hands that were no longer his, and left the office not really knowing if the world was better or worse for it.
“You thought I’d strangle you for not taking advantage of my alcohol-induced sluttiness?”
Steve looked away, then cleared his throat. “You don’t need me right now, do you? I’d… I’d like to change out of my uniform. I didn’t get in contact with the slime, but… can I take a shower somewhere? And grab some clothes?”
Pepper groaned. “God, don’t do
“Yeah. I felt him… worming his way inside the arm’s system,” Bucky said. “He’d controlled it in a heartbeat, felt like he could’ve done much more than that…”
Steve raised both of his eyebrows. Okay. Not what he’d expected. “Um, counting last night?”
That the team could only exist if he wasn’t there to tear it apart.
“You want to leave, don’t you?” Steve demanded with noticeable anger in his voice. “Why do you
Only Steve did, damn the consequences.
want to make you happy,” Steve said. “But no, it’s… I see what you meant now, when you said we had more to give. I want that. I know it won’t be easy for us, but I think it’s gonna be worth it.” He sighed. “If I hadn’t stalled that long—”
“Dammit Natasha, this is not…” Tony heaved a great breath. “It’s not about who we are right now, or who we are for each other. It’s about bringing them in before someone
responsible for what happened!”
Hi guys :) I will be on holidays for about two weeks now, so there won't be any updates in that time, but chap 7 is almost finished so I hope I'll be able to post soon after. I'm a bit nervous about this chap since a lot of people had very distinctive (and very different) ideas of how the 'big fight' would play out with all of the Avengers involved and yeah ... I spent a long time thinking this over and I hope I'm not disappointing anyone ;) After this chap, we'll be in post-movie territory, but there will be a few more chaps, probably around 11 in total. Hope you enjoy this!
“Tony—”
Order. Chaos. Destruction. Victory. Defeat. Those were all things Tony controlled now. And while that had worried Steve at first, he knew… Tony was good to the core. He cared about people more than he cared about himself.
“Not bored of this old man, yet?”
For a moment, he could only lie there, gasping. There was a thin stream of blood dribbling down his forehead, and his lungs burned as if his ribs were bearing down on them. Somewhat dazed by the suddenness of it all, Steve pushed himself up into a sitting position. He rolled his head to the side, staring up at the sky. A deep peach—the sun creeping towards the horizon with a sliver of bright red.
Maybe it was time to return that favor at long last.
"You were… distracted. By me. It's nothing we can fix now." Steve reached up, looking at Tony as he set a hand on his shoulder. "We did what we could, yeah?"
And perhaps because he knew it was just a dream—that everything around him would return to normal the second he opened his eyes—Steve just stopped caring. He stopped caring altogether. It wasn’t real. He couldn’t be blamed for something that wasn’t real. No one could put him into prison for dreaming about another man. For doing something in his mind while he slept.
That was it, then. With a deep breath meant to support his confidence, Steve clenched his hands to fists and walked forward.
“While sex with you in that uniform has been hot in a way I can’t even put into words… I’m sure you’d like to get out of it sometime, huh? You in for a shared shower, or...?”
Tony watched, as if he was having an out-of-body-experience, as Barnes heaved Steve into his arms. He himself fell down at his knees in front of Steve, watching in horror as Steve faded, turning translucent. Tony could see the floor beneath him through the mist of his dissipating body.
“He’s fine, too.”
When Tony looked up again, Steve’s skin had turned a charming shade of pink, the flush spreading all the way down to his chest. Tony couldn’t help himself, he laughed softly and moved in for another kiss, this time lingering a bit while he cupped Steve’s cheek. “Always wondered if you were a full body blusher,” he whispered. “You’re absolutely gorgeous like this.” With one hand, he tenderly encircled Steve’s cock to give him a few gentle tugs, trying to ease the tension in his body a bit. “Just relax for me, alright? I’ll start slow, and if you decide halfway through that this isn’t it for you, we can still have a good time.”
“Show-off,” Tony said with an entirely strangled voice and made to move forward, grabbing Steve by the back of the neck, pushing him further down. Steve conceded with a sigh, glancing back at him over his shoulders and pressing both hands into the armrest. Tony dropped to his knees behind Steve, spreading his ass cheeks apart with both hands. He pushed a finger into him and it went in easily enough, but not without resistance. “All right, then,” he murmured and opened the bottle of lube again.
“It’s weird… to have two sets of memories,” he whispered, as he pressed small kisses on Tony’s shoulder. With one hand, he drew artless patterns into Tony’s left hand, softly circling the burn mark he found there. “Do you think one of them will fade after a while?”
“I missed you,” Tony said after a moment, letting those words linger in the air between them.
And yet…
Steve could practically see as panic began to take a stranglehold on Tony’s throat, and he knew he did his best not to break down.
He undressed and crawled into bed next to Tony. There was a moment when he remembered that they’d meant to catch up on the drastically neglected physical part of their relationship, and while just thinking on it brought a tingling feeling to his lower regions, it felt secondary now.
Tony grinned, sucking him hard between his lips. He loved the taste of Steve’s skin on his tongue, and brought a hand between his legs to cup his balls. His mouth trailed up his length until only his tip remained trapped inside his mouth, his tongue exploring the sensitive dip there, moaning when Steve moaned.
. I’m just trying to put it into perspective.”
“A few years after I’d completed my training, they sent us on missions. He never remembered, and most of the time, I didn’t tell him we met before. I… I was angry that he didn’t remember, after everything he’d put me through. I was angry. I knew it was irrational, but I couldn’t shake it off.” She swallowed, her posture now clearly uncomfortable. “So… I took what I wanted from him. Just like I took everything else, even though it wasn’t something he wanted. He couldn’t enjoy being near people, I think. Not at first. Because he never remembered, and it wasn’t something his programming deemed necessary.”
“Darling…”
“Seems so,” Steve stated.
They stared at each other for a long moment, two men reassessing the ground that lay between them.
The air around them grew tight. Constricting. There were so many things to say, so many that had remained unsaid for so long. Things Steve deserved to know, despite of it all.
“Um?” Sam raised a hand slowly, frowning at Steve. “Did I… I don’t know, miss the moment where you came out?”
anyone. I chose the way that meant that—yes, everything would fall apart, and I accepted that—but it was also a way that might, in the long run, not cost me everything. I saw the ghost of a chance and I took it. I was selfish.”
That kicked it. Steve hadn't even realized he moved, but the next moment his fist connected with Stane's jaw, hard. It was an uppercut. Steve could see surprise flitting across the man's face briefly as his head whipped back before consciousness slipped away, and Stane slumped to the floor in a heap.
“No. I’m just gonna call it a night,” Tony told Steve, yawning to emphasize his point.
And maybe it was for that reason, that instead of asking Tony what the hell he was talking about, he simply cupped Tony’s cheek, and kissed him softly.
Natasha raised both brows in a manner that said she hadn’t expected that answer. And maybe that it was the good kind of surprise. She shared a look with Bucky, who cast her a warm smile in return, and Steve had to bite his lower lip so he wouldn’t comment on that.
For long moments, Natasha’s expression was carefully blank. Eventually, she took a deep breath, then pushed her right hand down her décolleté. Her fingers twirled around something, and then she was pulling out a pair of dog tags.
“Oh, Tony…”
No conversation with Tony could be deemed as normal, but that was something Steve should probably keep to himself. “Yeah, like we were just having one.”
Finally, Tony cleared his throat. “I can show you the shop,” he said. “I just… I haven’t been there for a while. But if you wish to see it—”
. Bucky made a low, impressed whistle next to him and ordered a vodka before turning to him. "You don't waste your time, huh?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t tempt me,” came the mumbled return.
* * 5/7/18, 10:46 PM * *
Steve smiled as he placed his hands on Tony’s legs, pulling them further up until they were practically thrown over his shoulders.
Steve smiled against the crown of Tony’s dark hair. “Thanks, bud. Redirect all calls till tomorrow, please?”
If Tony had thought that Steve had really fucked him—had
Steve groaned. “That’s not—Why do you
. Not that he’d been waiting to see him again for days, but sure, now was a great time, a perfect time, this was—
“Yes,” Tony snapped. “But the UN has a slightly different opinion. The second Steve dragged Barnes out of Vienna, almost killing men from the GSG9, the UN decided to eradicate them on sight, given the chance. This was my only veto option.”
As he approached the main hall, Steve changed his long stride into a more stealthy walk, completely quiet as to pull of the sneak attack he was going for. He found a window and, climbing easily to perch just outside the ledge, prepared to attack the first group of mercs. He could hear them speaking with each other, their words coated with incredulity and sending vibes down the corridor. One of the men’s back was turned to him at present. Steve paused very briefly, planning his entrance, before he moved swiftly around the corner.
* * *
“I want to,” Tony said, and it was the truth.
Steve could tell Tony was just as unnerved about all of this as Steve himself. This wasn’t normal by any means. Dreaming about the same person was one thing, but having that person remember the dreams in great detail, it was… impossible.
“I really wouldn’t mind sleeping outside,” Steve offered quietly, coming to a stand next to Tony. He knew he was standing on shaky ground, but he couldn’t just let Tony do this all on his own without even trying to help. “You know my ma and I were camping all the time…”
Bucky shrugged, unbothered by the admission. “Once we got over, well…” He made a gesture with his hand resembling ‘you know’, “Tony’s a good guy. He forgave me. Now we’re friends.”
A smile stole its way to Steve’s lips, and he saw the same smile reflecting on Tony’s lips before he even managed to answer.
It took Steve a long moment to recover from the pain, but when he looked back up, he spotted Bucky and Natasha finally carrying the cradle outside of the truck.
Tony smiled helplessly, throwing both hands into the air. “That is like asking a political system to keep itself from becoming corrupt. There’s a reason why every federate nation has a countercheck-system.”
Steve huffed at that, crossing his arms. “You know he’s fifteen years older than me, don’t you?”
“That’s different,” Steve declared with an eye roll. “I had an asthma attack.”
"Like I could say no to an offer like that…" he said with a crooked smirk as he kneeled on the bed. "We can always eat after."
Tony drew him in, hugging him to his chest. “I love you,” he whispered against Steve’s neck. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. I’m sorry that I—”
. Steve all but charged into the room, in complete battle-stance and looking around frantically. “What,” he gasped, and stared down to where Bucky and Natasha were seated on the floor. They were curled up around each other, with his back pressed against the wall, and her legs wound tightly around his middle to keep him still. She wasn’t quite sitting in his lap, but it was a close call.
“If you know,” Tony started as he glanced at Strange, “that we can prevent this. Why didn’t you go back yourself?”
—as if there was a small steam train driving through the workshop.
“Yes.”
So eventually, he’d called in a team meeting for later this day, also calling Rhodey and Pepper, because they deserved to know. Pepper couldn’t make it to New York on such a short notice, but she promised to visit soon. Rhodey, on the other hand, had arrived about half an hour ago, staring at Tony like he’d grown a second head.
“You’re a brat,” Tony chided. “He’s definitely your son.”
“There’s
It couldn’t be helped though. He hadn’t seen Bucky in so long, and Tony didn’t speak with him anyway. Thus, it was almost morning when Steve felt his eyes drop. He hadn’t even managed to change out of his uniform, when the air split. The blurred objects in the room formed shape, and he found himself slammed into the door behind him with an angry Tony pressed to his front.
Which was good, right? It meant they had a life worth keeping.
Tony grimaced. “Steve, you’re in Italy right now, November 1944, right?”
“Tony, wait.”
Tony closed his fingers around Steve’s and stroked the back of his hand. It had been driving him nuts. All the different ways and possibilities this meeting could go wrong. But despite how nervous he was about today, he wanted nothing more than to get this over with.
Tony said nothing to that; rather looked away again, shame and guilt flooding his insides. It was very clear what Steve was hinting at.
“You must show me your art someday,” Pepper told him. “Tony really got me curious—he seemed very fond of your sketches.”
remembered seeing Tony in a freaking senator gettup.
“Love your tux, too, by the way,” Steve murmured, his fingers sliding over Tony’s shoulder to caress the black fabric. A smile twitched at his mouth. “Almost as much as I like you out of it.”
Tony’d seen many pictures of Bucky Barnes over the last year. He’d seen videos of a young man smiling at Steve, laughing with him. It was hard to imagine that he and the man with black pants, mask, and brown filthy hair were the same person.
There was a low snort, and Tony didn’t miss the pointed look Barnes cast in Steve’s direction.
“Nice to meet you,” Steve said and smiled when the robot slowly rolled over to him, moving its claw up and down as if shaking his hand.
Every breath Steve took made his chest ache. “Tony, I—”
Tony allowed Steve to take his t-shirt away, although he raised an eyebrow at the alternative. “Your sweater? That’s about twice my size.”
It was getting ridiculous. Bucky’s trial had lasted over eighteen months now, and Steve wished he could be helping him, but instead, things only got worse every day.
As he was thinking up an answer that would sound both flattered, positive but not too enthusiastic, Tony spoke those last words, and a familiar sensation took over.
“I wouldn’t mind quitting… for a while,” Tony said, his voice cautious. He glanced up at Steve. “Do
Tony swallowed, and something inside him clenched painfully.
“It’s just a graze,” Tony interrupted him firmly, not entirely able to keep the wince of pain out of his voice. “Nothing Extremis can’t heal. Go get him. I’ll stay with Nick.”
—now standing in front of him. She was a tiny thing, with long brown hair, and fiery red eyes.
Ian’s whimpers were becoming full-fledged cries and Tony realized he couldn’t ignore him any longer.
Steve groaned, his whole body twitching momentarily. He
“So, you’re a bit of a brat,” Tony noted, smiling as he put the tablet down. He moved forward, and not caring what Steve thought about it, he hugged the damn pile of crap, laughing a bit with relief. “That’s fine,” he mumbled. “So am I.”
He commanded Extremis to let the Iron Man suit bleed over his body and close the faceplate, when a
“Oh…” Steve exhaled and groaned loudly, when Tony swirled his tongue around his head. “
He laughed uncertainly. Another new thing: He couldn’t remember his Steve ever calling him
“And you’d let him.”
As soon as the words had left his lips, Barnes set into motion, walking across the room in quick, even strides. Tony looked after him for a moment, before he glanced back up at Steve, wholly confused.
“You know… I’m not sure you understand the concept of a getaway-car,” Sam said when he eyed the Beetle Steve had rented from a car shop nearby.
“Yes,” Steve confirmed, frowning. “So… this is really my past?”
“You’re right,” Strange confirmed. “You shouldn’t give us any more indicators than strictly necessary. But I think it’s safe to tell me if I’ll be able to contact myself. I don’t want any more details.”
Then again, despite knowing… nothing had changed, had it?
Heaving a low breath, he mentally squared his shoulders. The words never came easy, not to him, but Natasha was always worth it. “I love you,” he said, “even when everything else had been a confusing mess in my head, that was always true.”
“If we can’t find Stephen—I don’t see a different way. We’ll just have to figure out a plan to bring the Sequencer back before Doom even notices.”
“But Ian—”
Tony. This wasn’t just about gaining Tony’s affection anymore. No. Steve wouldn’t allow Stane to manipulate him any further. Not if Steve could do something to stop it.
Tony settled back against the pillow, willing away the fog that clouded his mind. He must’ve drifted off at some point, because when he opened his eyes again, Steve was sitting at his side. He was already wearing his uniform; the shield leaning against his chair. If Tony had to guess then time was probably running out on them and he wondered how long he’d been out.
Steve thought in a haze, and he was about to leave, when he realized what exactly Tony was doing right there, standing in the water.
He was going to die. He was going to die, and he’d never meet Tony in person. He’d never have this, never be with Tony.
“Still, I should go back to clean up.”
Tony was laughing with him, a happy gleam in his eyes as they chased each other around the stream. And they were cold, and yes—still hungry. They were far from home and would potentially face even worse obstacles very soon, and yet, in this moment, Steve couldn’t imagine anywhere else he’d rather be.
A full minute passed as the group watched the door after Obi had left. That had been an impressive speech, and Steve glanced at Tony at last. "That went… better than I thought it would."
Steve rumbled his agreement, smiling as he tried to smother a yawn behind one hand.
When everyone called it night, Steve decided to take the tent again, and this time, Tony didn’t even argue. He just cast Steve a short flimsy smile, before stepping into the RV. A few minutes later, the lights were out.
“You have me.”
“Right,” Steve said, sighing. He
Steve smiled at last, his fingers grazing his skin with unfamiliar intimacy, and something that had started as a simple gesture suddenly became momentous.
A shadow of a smirk crossed Rumlow’s face before he turned around to the other agents. He’d never said anything about Steve being married to a guy, but Steve had heard a few things here and there and sometimes he got a feeling Rumlow was talking behind his back. Up to this point, he hadn’t felt the need to confront him about it, but if it started to undermine his authority, he would definitely need to reconsider.
When Steve sat in the plane, staring at the endless ice in front of him, he wished desperately that sleep would take him before death could.
“Looking at me like I’m gonna keel over any minute. I know I look like a Japanese horror flick monster but this is a good thing. Means I got the upper hand today. And Ultron knows so, too.”
While logically he knew he’d done nothing wrong, and that nothing had changed, he couldn’t help the way his insides flushed whenever Bucky glanced at him. It wasn’t like he could
Steve nodded his head, still not meeting Tony's eyes. He'd been doing this all wrong from the beginning, hadn't he? "What I’m trying to say is… well… When Bucky and I first met, we thought we were invincible. We were best friends, inseparable, and stayed that way for twenty years. And when the thing… happened," which Tony probably knew about, if he'd read Steve’s file, "instead of dealing with what was happening to my best friend, I ran away. Couldn't face him.”
Steve’s expression turned disbelieving at that. “Do you really think I’d want that? Tony, you gotta listen… That doctor, the psychiatrist that accompanied us to London, he's behind all of this. He isn’t who we thought he was. And there are five more Winter Soldiers he’s trying to set free. We can't let him find them.”
It’s not safe
“Not very well, obviously.”
As they drove towards Hopkinsville, the midday-bustle on the street had already begun. Soon enough, Steve realized quickly that they were only a small part of people, all driving towards Hopkinsville and all bound in a single emotion of expectation and excitement. Steve could almost smell the eclipse fervor in the air. Some people even wished them a ‘Happy Eclipse’ as they drove past them, a few even waving banners. People were clutching cameras all set to glue the moment to memory.
Next to Steve, Bucky just smiled benevolently as he watched.
Tony’s brows furrowed in concentration as he yanked the lever into drive and then slowly put his foot down on the gas. The car started, and Tony’s hands gripped the steering wheel so tight his knuckles were white; his body leaned forward awkwardly as he focused on the road.
“So be close,” Tony murmured seductively as he leaned in to softly bite into Steve’s earlobe. “I don’t mind.”
And Steve tried with everything in him not to look at Tony—he didn’t want to look. But on their own volition, his eyes rose, traveling up the slim body until they finally rested on Tony’s face.
Steve only managed to nod with a smile that was flimsy at best. He had no idea why, but his gut clenched uncomfortably at those words—and when he looked at Tony, it felt a lot like he was missing something important. “Alright.”
By suggestion alone, Tony’s expression collapsed into a frown. “Take that back,” he demanded.
“For trusting me enough to try again.”
Confused, and a little mortified, Steve stared at Tony. "What are you talking about?"
“See?” Steve said. “You already got a goal to focus on. Makes the journey so much easier. Old hiker wisdom.”
* * *
Steve pursed his lips and considered him. “Those stitches need to be taken out.” His jaw twitched, and his steadfast gaze finally broke. Served him right. “It’ll hurt if you wait any longer.”
“Of course they did.” Tony sighed and raised his voice. “Well, if she ever comes near anyone with her creepy magic again, I’ll put her in the Hulk-out room.”
Steve shivered. “Maybe it’s
“Yeah, no, I kind of remember,” Tony said with another one of his wistful smiles.
Steve saw the corner of Tony’s mouth lift in a proud half-grin. “He’s such a fangirl.”
He parted his lips to ask her what she meant, and just barely stopped himself before the words left his mouth. He should hold no interest in her; the mission did not require knowing more than the information in her file.
“Letting someone push their agenda on your case isn’t going to help people in the long run, Tony.”
“Has to stay here, yes,” Tony said. He sighed. “I mean, the good thing is that our Steve brought his own shield with him, right? So you’ll still have that one.”
All of them mentioned how they looked forward to seeing the ‘old Tony’ return to Stark Mansion instead of that shell of a man he was today, though Steve had heard some of them whispering that they believed that version of Tony had ultimately died with his great love. But of course they still hoped that both Stark Mansion and Tony could be restored to their former grandeur.
