Holmes nodded in silence, studying us.
Holmes snorted, tossing the letter to one side as he studied the rest, then dropped them all on the table without ceremony. Simple, pointless problems he could solve in five minutes time, all of them.
I took advantage of the absence of the kids, following the track out of town. I found a small shed that smelled abandoned and ducked inside to strip and shift. I couldn’t help but sigh once I was a wolf again. Life was simpler this way.
The brownie sniffed and began rummaging through my pack. “Oh, well this will never do. Wait here.”
Great.
I shrugged. “Not much. The kids glommed onto me, and by the time I managed to shake them, I didn’t have time to reach the new mage.”
Watson studied Holmes’s face, then nodded. “Very well. We can run with that.”
It’s the nature of wolfwalkers to protect humanity and elementals. We’re the balance. We keep the balance. True, oftentimes we keep it through blood, but we are necessary. I could no more refuse the Unicorn’s request than the sun could rise in the West.
Fox grinned broadly. “That’s it. I knew I remembered something of that.” He studied Watson for a moment. “So, what’s your favorite?”
Everything was prepared. He giggled in anticipation, feeling the power roiling and rebelling against his bonds.
“I’ve spent a bit of time writing up some of the problems Holmes and I have solved.”
Mrs. Hudson nodded.
“I- I don’t know how to be a better husband, Mary.”
He turned to me, surprised. “You don’t serve it?”
<Of course, Mage.>
He arrived at the club, leaving his hat, stick, and Gladstone with the servants and headed towards the smoking room. Lord Acton was usually found there, when he wasn’t presiding over the Solar Council, and no one else would send a summons.
“That would be ‘now’, actually,” I replied.
“There’s a poem that mostly applies. ‘As the creeper that girdles the tree-trunk the Law runneth forward and back—/ For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack.’ Wolfwalkers sentenced to exile go mad. That was the plan. Drive me until I had nothing, and then ‘graciously’ accept me back.”
Watson barely looked up as a faun trotted into the room.
He stepped closer, raising a hand. Watson stepped into it, eyes drifting closed as Sherlock’s long, graceful fingers brushed his cheek.
Lord Acton flashed a grin, briefly looking half his age. “Go home, Doctor. See to your wife. I don’t believe this is going to amount to anything, but warning must be given.”
My books were stacked neatly on the bedside table when I returned to the room. I stripped off the suit, dropping it over the back of the chair, and flopped onto the bed. It was warm, and safe. I could feel the gentle brush of Father Simeon’s wards as I tugged the blanket around me, and then I was out for the night.
I continued on, tracing a spiral toward the small cottage. There were others caught in the mage’s traps, and so long as they remained, he would have their strength. I found the Roc first. It’s difficult to overlook a Roc. They’re huge. It glared at me as I approached, but remained silent. I cocked my head at it, meeting its insane gaze. Yeah. It was going to attack as soon as it was free.
Opening the pack, I decided to just dump everything out, just to see what all I had now. I spread the blanket out, setting the books to one side, then upending the pack.
“Well, I’ll leave you to your unpacking. I’ll send down to the village, see if the priest is available for dinner tomorrow night.”
“Tell Lord Acton that something has come up, and I’m likely to spend a few days in Sussex.”
<In my defense, I’ve been alone for almost seven years. It takes time to adapt to that.>
Watson barked orders at the staff, uncaring of how it sounded, while Mycroft kept Lord Acton in line. Watson caught Holmes’s eye as  he poured water into the bowl.
Watson swore quietly, but the sylph went on.
I’d just rest a bit, and then I’d figure everything out.
Well, there wasn’t much I could do now. I mean, there was, but I hated getting rained on if I could avoid it, and I needed more information anyway. To borrow a quote, I could deal with it tomorrow. After all, tomorrow was another day.
I debated doing the “stupid dog look”, letting my tongue loll out of the side of my mouth, but I didn’t think he’d appreciate it.
“You’re always welcome, you know that.”
“Now, from the beginning.”
“Please?”
Heavy stuff happens in the third section
I drew up suddenly as something struck me. Exhaust. I hadn’t smelled exhaust since I spoke to the Unicorn. Or asphalt. Or any of the thousands of modern scents that formed the background of any human habitation in the twenty-first century.
He set the violin aside, rising to greet the potential client, then froze with shock.
“Are you a boy or a girl?” The asker studied me over the thumb stuffed in her mouth.
But I could no more change my nature than the Roc. I bit the bonds, freeing the bird, and dove to one side as the massive beak stabbed at where I was. Too close. I could feel a line of fire along my side. Damn thing had caught me.
The horde grew supernaturally still. Even the mortal birds and insects grew silent an a Unicorn stepped into the clearing.
I nodded dumbly as the Unicorn padded away. The other elementals followed, slowly branching out to pace an intricate pattern around me. I stripped off the dingy t-shirt and faded jeans, shoving them into my pack, soon followed by the tank I was using as an undershirt. I’d given up on panties shortly after I’d begun running. Too much effort. Finally my shoes and socks were stuffed inside. I stretched, allowing the change to take me. It wasn’t what most people expected. No cracking bones or screaming. Just, one moment I was a naked human, the next, I was a good sized black wolf.
“A few more meals like this one, and I won’t have that problem,” I assured them.
I nodded in thanks, filing that away. I would need to explore at night, but honestly, I was just exhausted. This was probably the first time I could really let my guard down since the banishment. Plus, I would have a real bed. God, it had been, what… nearly seven years on the road? With damn few comfortable hotels along the way. The cheap ones, who would take cash and not ask too many questions, tended to not be very nice.
Yay! So, this is done, and I'm probably going to wait a while before I start posting the sequel. Firstly, because I haven't written it yet, and secondly, because I'm still trying to figure out the plot.
We ranged over the hills around the town, giving me plenty of opportunities to seek out the hidden danger. I managed to narrow it down to a small area when my stomach growled, much to my companions’ amusement.
“I’m Fox. Father Simeon would be right. I do need a guide.”
“Why should we? The wolf can break itself on the elementals, and we can take out the rogue mage.” He shrugged. “It is possible some of the brats will die, but-“
I barked a laugh. “Absolutely not. We’re the balance between humans, mages, and elementals. Whatever, whoever, is doing this threatens that balance. If they won’t surrender, I’ll take them out. Tell me your Council would do anything different.” I flashed a grin at him. “Besides, wolves don’t really go in for the whole ‘obedience’ thing.”
I stretched and dug my pack out from under the sleepy fauns.
Mycroft would likely chide him for clinging to sentiment, but there it was.
I jumped onto the sofa, laying down and meeting his gaze.
“Come along, dear. Let’s get you to bed.”
There were voices above me, but I couldn’t understand them. Then there were warm hands on me, and I closed my eyes.
The salamander studied me in silence for some time. I could feel the tingle at the back of my mind, announcing the approach of other elementals. I cracked one eye open. The gnome wasn’t too surprising. Earth elementals were hard to avoid, especially in the woods. The undine in the trickle of a stream was a little shocking, especially how quickly the salamander appeared. And the sylph, well, they always liked spying on people. But having all four elements represented, without asking or summoning? That was out of the ordinary.
Watson sighed. “I need my Gladstone, in London, and whichever healer is closest.”
True, I could go back home, grovel. They’d take me back. Advantage of being AFAB. We never kicked up anywhere near enough females. But the pack would force me to mate, marry, and breed. Stay sequestered away from any rogue mages, and the duty my blood demanded. While that might be fine for the soulshifters in the pack, I was a skinchanger. My nature wouldn’t allow me to stay behind.
I was in a copse of trees. Not the one I’d fallen asleep in, but that was to be expected. A pack was lying close to hand, tucked under a bush. It wasn’t the one the brownies had taken, but I supposed it was the one I needed. I raised my head, trying to scent where I was. No good. The rain and petrichor drowned out everything else unless I was practically on top of it. I shrugged and joined the pack under the bush. There were no people nearby, and I could figure out what I was supposed to be doing when it cleared up.
I thought about getting up, but decided against it. Not moving was a good thing.
“Then the Council could not move against you. I see.” He leaned back, drawing a pipe out of his jacket pocket.
“Mr. Holden. These are the items your captor had?”
“You know I will stand with you.”
Oh, shit, he’s going to bleed them to death.
I laughed. “Not until he’s on the other side of puberty, at least. Hormonal teens are bad enough without letting them become wolves. But yeah. Davy’s a Potential.” I rolled back and looked up at Holmes. “Actually, almost everyone in Hewe-Upon-Arun is. Father Simeon isn’t, the blacksmith isn’t. Your butler isn’t. You aren’t.”
“Yes. I hardly wanted him to enjoy the experience.”
Trolls never left well enough alone. And since this one had been trapped, it would be raring for a fight.
I had barely made the realization when there was a scream of rage behind me. I turned to face it, feeling a line of fire erupt along my shoulder. I snarled, lunging at the figure.
Except me.
Holmes grumbled in the back of my mind.
The brownie softened at that. <Well, I suppose I’ll have to get you a suit, keep those covered.>
I had barely managed to get free of the boulder when the troll plowed into it. I waited, swaying slightly, but it didn’t emerge.
Watson looked stunned, and Holmes was watching me between narrowed eyes.
“Enthusiastic?”
“No, you wouldn’t. You’re a kinder man than I.” Holmes smoked in silence for a few moments, then sighed. “I assume you wish her to keep her share of the Agra treasure?” Watson nodded silently. “Very well. I can afford to put you up for a bit, until you get back on your feet.” He looked as though something had just struck him. “You don’t mind, do you? Returning to Baker Street?”
I shoved my racing thoughts aside. I could freak out later. The sylph was right. I sent my senses out, stiffening as they brushed against shields.
A salamander appeared in between the three of us, and I sighed as the bonds snapped into place. I peeled off the jacket, tossing it over the table as I shifted.
But, they are still wolves, even if they don’t know it.
Mary barked a bitter laugh. “I need you. I need you to stay here, with me. To tend your patients and come home to me. But you couldn’t do that, could you?” She shot him a tear-filled look over her shoulder.
“From what I can see, it does follow its own internal logic. I’m certain it would be a simple matter to sort it out, and add it to my criminal knowledge.”
He scowled as he reached for his robe. “Did he have anything to do with this?”
The sylph nodded, and I closed my eyes briefly. I hated this part. The sylph fell apart under my fangs, and I felt the spell weaken.
Fuck.
Holmes watched them go, brow furrowed.
<No.>
Puppies.
“Potentials are special. Mostly, they look indistinguishable from humans. Unless you know exactly what you’re looking at, you can’t tell. But they’re wolves, too. And a skinchanger, like me, can Awaken that potential.”
“Mr. Hunter. I have been informed that you wished to see this, and to speak with me.” He held up the burnt tome, and I nodded.
“Awe, baby. Don’t be like that. I love you.”
“Don’t flatter yourself!” John exclaimed.
“NO!”
How many people actually knew the truth of his birth? Everyone but him? And felt his heart begin to break into a million pieces.
“Yes, Mistress.”
“What? No. Of course not. You have leaping and jumping capabilities at great distances but I don’t recommend throwing yourself off of a building.”
Taking the script from John, Sherlock folded it to page 25 and thrust it back at John and pointed at the last paragraph.
As they walked up the staircase, Sherlock found himself becoming nervous for some reason. It wasn’t as if this was his first interrogation. He hoped that he’d be able to get through this without staring at the Doctor’s mouth and imaging all the cocks that had taken up residence there. He shivered and Irene caught it out of the corner of her eye.
Sighing, Sherlock said, “If you insist on interrupting me every time you don’t understand something, this is going to take a considerable amount of time. Time I’m not willing to waste.”
“Harry. Leave the room. I want to talk to John in private.”
“I believe that what John is referring to is the annual celebration of the end of winter amongst Hindus. It’s also celebrated by different cultures around the world now. You should open a book sometime, Anderson. Preferably at your reading level, and with pictures.”
I don’t know if you’re trying to make me laugh on purpose but you’re last text did much to cheer up what has otherwise been a gloomy day. I will most definitely be thinking of you tonight when I go to bed.
“Ok fine. I wouldn’t feel bad but I wouldn’t torment them as much if they weren’t incompetent. No. Don’t defend them, Lestrade. You know I can produce a file full information documenting their screw ups.”
Sherlock jaw dropped and he stared at John in stunned amazement.
“You’re being ridiculous. You’re only slightly over two meters tall. I think you’d notice it had I been cutting you from head to toe.”
Holding her hands up as if to ward off taking the baby, the nurse replied;
“Well? What did he say this time?”
John glanced over at Sherlock to see if he was impressed by all this but, no. Instead he looked nervous and had begun sweating profusely. It was actually quite chilly out so that didn’t make sense…
“But you’d never met me yet you were willing to go to a strange man’s house - whose sanity you’d questioned several times - to work on a case that you allegedly didn’t care about in the first place.” Sherlock smiled again.
“That’s…that’s really very good, John,” Sherlock said, smiling at John.
Without taking his attention away from what he was doing, John slid his hand up and grabbed the lube that he’d placed within reach earlier.
“See you next time, Sherlock. Maybe I’ll call first and arrange a date like I did this time, or maybe I’ll just leave a corpse on your doorstep. So many decisions, so little time.”
"You know. The THING," John finished lamely.
“Use yours. I’m leaving.”
“How did you manage to lure them out? They already had a sure thing by seeing you here. Irene would have blacklisted the four from ever entering the establishment again and then fire you for freelancing. What would make it worth the risk?”
“No one touches him. Do you hear me?” Sherlock snarled.
“Don’t you have a body to see to? Go do your job.”
“Yes, John.”
“Mycroft…,” Sherlock began heatedly.
“I wanted to tell you that if you touch my anus again anytime in the near future, you’ll be left with a hand that will be functionally useless,” Sherlock finished.
“Too distracting? Are you incapable of doing your job because my plump arse - which happens to be your favorite part of me - is on full display?” Sherlock said, lifting his head to meet John’s eyes.
“It’s your deepest self. What makes you you. Your Soul goes on long after the body has ceased to be,” John finished.
“What? What? Not tha now, Seb. Eathing,” Jim lisped.
“Yep!” Sherlock said happily and got up to get a damp flannel clean them both.
“You’re joking.” John examined the rigid set of Mycroft’s shoulder’s, the tightness of his lips…
Week One
— MH”
“Now, look…” Lestrade started only to be halted by a touch to his arm.
“I know it’s fine and I’m only gay occasionally.”
“Don’t tell me that you’re having second thoughts? I thought we’d resolved all that last night,” Sherlock said, lightly sniffing at John’s neck where his pulse was rapidly picking up speed.
John tilted his coffee cup and tapped the sludge remaining in the bottom into his mouth. Crushing the cup and tossing it across the room into the nearest bin, he began to pack up.
“You wouldn’t do that!”
I hope that helps.
So...as is typical of my fics, I can't stick to the number of chapters as originally promised so there will be at least one more now.
“I had coffee with Moriarty the other night,” he said casually.
"Three out of five!" Sherlock said, and began shaking his fist again without waiting for an answer.
Sinking back into the pillows, Sherlock looked at John and giving him puppy dog eyes, asked;
Sherlock blanched.
“I’m going to go home and die now.”
“Missing something?
“Nothing. Can we go now?” Sherlock bit out.
“Irene,” Becca repeated.
“Jim,” Sebastian called out as he walked into the living room. Right away he noticed that John was completely slumped in his chair and was the color of chalk but Jim was nowhere to be seen.
“As am I, however, I need to fuck that tight little arse of yours one more time before we go. Consider it my version of a farewell party. Now, be a good lad and get on your hands and knees before I lose my patience.”
Sherlock,
“She was more of a mother to me than my own mother. I could always count on her to be there for me if only to complain that I’d blown up the flat - again. Now I have no one.”
“Off to get a better class of insults from my sister. Good luck with your foot in mouth disease.” John said over his shoulder as he continued on his way.
“I’m an Alpha and you’re an Omega whose heat is about to start and you smell delicious.”
Irene put her hand over the mobile and spoke to whom Mycroft assumed was Becca. He couldn’t quite make it out but he swore he heard subdued laughter in the background.
“No. He’s not,” Sebastian said in a not quite panicked tone of voice.
“There’s no need for this,” Sherlock said, somewhat nervously.
John gestured for Sherlock to enter his rooms, closing the door with a soft ‘snick’ behind him.
“Why you, of course! Sherlock too, if he’s up for it. No pun intended.”
“No! Just, just leave! Send a medic!”
Sherlock makes a hash of his relationship with John creating the perfect setting for Moriarty to put his plan of kidnapping Doctor Watson, in action.
“OH! I know!” John smooth the palm of one hand across Sherlock’s hip and upon reaching his lovely backside, gave it a firm squeeze.
“Hey. Look at it this way; now you know that you hate espresso and it didn’t cost you anything to find out,” Sebastian smiled, taking another huge gulp of his coffee.
Clients weren’t declined often and had, so far, had no effect to her establishment’s reputation or her bottom line. So long as everyone paid for their rooms as well as a percentage of their income per client, her employees were pretty much left to their own devices. She wasn’t a pimp and should someone compare her to one, even in jest, they were no longer a customer. She was a business woman and sex sells. That was a fact.
“How did it go so wrong, Neely…” Becca said and began to read again looking for all the world like she belonged right where she was sitting. She looked up.
“He’s a rapist’s child, give it to him,” Harriet said with a meaningful look at her father who blushed.
“Come on. Mrs Hudson would hate this. Up you get.” John stood, holding both hands out to Sherlock who took them gratefully and pulled himself up, arms immediately wrapping around John again. Head on his shoulder, Sherlock began sobbing in earnest this time.
“Four way?” Becca said eagerly.
“I wouldn’t call it love exactly. He’s just…as you said, perfect for me.”
“It’s hardly ‘nothing’ Sherlock,” John said, pointing at his stiff cock with a smile and a come hither glance.
‘This is crazy. This is crazy,’ John thought. ‘I’m about to agree to go home with a madman living in a fantasy world.’
“PILA!!!” John shouted and took off running.
“We can talk ahhh…about it.”
“Oh god! Yes! Suck my cock! Please! You’re amazing! I never want you to stop. Please John.
They’d finally reached the door to John’s flat.
“I know.” Sherlock replied smugly, looking at the clock. Sixty seconds to spare. ‘No longer a young man. Eh?’
“How could he even know that we’ve started a relationship?” John demanded.
“What? Right here? We haven’t any lube here,” Sherlock protested with a quick glance over his shoulder at John.
“It’s not like I removed a kidney, Sherlock.”
“Oh. I put that there just for this occasion. Velcro is an amazing thing, isn’t it? And so versatile too.” Sebastian opened the clip on the IV a little more allowing the flow of the sedation to increase, until John was almost completely out.
FYI: A kind commenter mentioned that John having ovaries meant that he still had eggs and could possibly find a surrogate to carry his baby. In my
I myself was wearing sweatpants, also sans pants and my cock stood to immediate attention watching Sherlock shifting subtly from foot to foot, the muscles of said arse tightening and loosening as I watched; I was enthralled.
“‘John immobilizes Sherlock using the silk sash of his robe.”” Sherlock ground out.
“Yes sir. Very good. I should really hook up another IV bag of fluids. He doesn’t look too good at the moment. Probably dehydrated. Definitely anemic. Even with the full bore connection in his chest, he’s running through fluids a lot faster than I’d originally planned. I need to make a run to Bart’s and grab a few more bags of blood.”
“Sorry. Sorry. It feels so good. Please don’t stop.”
“Sorry. Sorry.”
“Well, you’re already mine and no one takes what is mine,” Moriarty hissed.
“I’m yours. Now, can we please finish this at home?”
“Someone’s installed an apiary on the rooftop since I left.”
“Yet you’ve seen bodies before.”
“Don’t you want to know what killed him? Aren’t you the least bit curious? That was quite the message, wasn’t it? And left out in the open where people could see. A warning, perhaps? Hmmm?”
“Do you have any friends or family meeting you here later who can make sure that you get home alright?”
“Fuck off, Mycroft.
“Tall, pompous prig who’s full of himself,” John said, looking ‘Mycroft’ over.
They listened to the sound of footsteps and conversation fade as they walked away.
“No. I never joke.” Mycroft said without a hint of a smile.
Sherlock begrudgingly did as he was told. Slamming his head on the pillow.
“I did indeed,” Sherlock said, thinking that they were finally getting to the heart of the matter.
“Oh, this is going to be fun! A real contest. I rarely meet anyone who is my equal in hand to hand combat,” John panted and smiled.
“I think you’ll find that there are a lot of places that you wouldn’t think that I should be and yet you’ll still find me there. Better to just accept it although I can have it confirmed for you from someone well above your pay grade.”
"I was thinking Master/Love Slave night." I smiled, taking his hand and walking towards the bathroom.
“Then act like you don’t know what he’s talking…”
Catching up up with Sherlock, John sang, “Sherlock and Anderson, sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g.”
“That’s just your mind trying to protect itself. It gets better, it will take time but eventually, once you’ve stopped grieving, you’ll be able to reminisce without it hurting quite as much. Come on, love. Let me take you back upstairs. This isn’t the time or place to do this. Surrounded by all of her things. You need to process this for a bit. Ok?” John asked, tilting Sherlock’s head up.
“The idea of bending me to your will, controlling me…this isn’t a new fetish is it, John,” Sherlock stated matter of factly.
There’s probably something wrong with him. After all, Lawrence lives in the same house and is a happy baby with nary a mark on him. Obviously John’s just retarded or something.”
Mycroft groaned, “Becca. I need you to babysit my brother and make sure that he doesn’t wake up before we get John to him.”
“Although I doubt that you’ll find the prep work for fisting in the beginning. I’m not even sure that you’ll like it during but, honestly, Dark John isn’t supposed to care which means that I don’t either. Sorry.” John picked the jar back up.
“One of my agents told me that Sherlock was sick and I wanted to know the details so I listened in. You know how adamant my brother and John are about my asking questions.
I'm not a doctor if the medical stuff seems a little off, it's only because I don't know what I'm talking about.
“Shaddup, Myc,” Sherlock slurred in his sleep.
“Home to shower, then work.”
Sherlock tries to convince John to move in with him. John says no so Sherlock sends the big guns in; Mycroft, and he's not too thrilled about it either.
Sherlock
“Very good.” And Harriet and Mr Watson gave each other a smile of satisfaction at a job well done.
Dear Sherlock,
On the way out, first he felt his robe slide up behind him immediately followed by an intense burst of pain. Ignoring it, he hopped up just before Mrs Hudson could catch him in the act. One never knew if she was working in tandem with John to keep him away from his “filthy habit.”
Ok. This isn't beta'd, Brit-picked, or even reviewed carefully - I just can't look at it anymore.
Dear John,
Giving a good natured laugh, John took Sherlock’s cock into his mouth once again.
“I’m nobody. I don’t require protection or we wouldn’t be here alone, casually drinking coffee in the middle of the night with no other patrons.”
“Yes. You do.” Sherlock said patiently, moving into John’s space.
“I have to say that you’re taking defeat much better than I’d expect from a military man.”
Love,
“We like to make sure that our interviews…are secure. This place,” Mycroft said looking up and around then returning his gaze to John. “Is very secure.”
“Can’t. Too much to do because of the long weekend.” John bent over in pain. It felt as if someone was stabbing him in the chest and he felt as if he might be about to pass out.
“Don’t mean what, Sherlock?” John asked with a toothy grin.
“He’s dying, Becca. You know I wouldn’t call you if it wasn’t an emergency.”
“See? He’s fine,” Jim said, eyes closed, smile on his face, rocking his head back and forth against the wall.
“That’s too bad,” John said, rocking back on his heels. “You’re missing out on some good stuff.”
I hope it's still entertaining.
“In the beginning, there were only vampires, no Dhamphirs. Touching a human other than for drinking blood was considered not only disgusting but taboo.”
“I have work to do anyway,” Anderson said, turning to leave. He’d made it about five meters away then turned back, pointed at Sherlock and said, “We’ll finish this later.”
"You'll 'let me'?" Sherlock asked with a raise of a brow.
“I’ll never get used to you not wearing pants. Don’t get me wrong, I love it, but it still shocks me every time.”
“Terrific. That will be remedied upon your leaving.”
Spreading his thighs, Sherlock held John’s head still while he snapped his hips back and forth, roughly fucking John’s mouth without a care as to whether or not he was hurting him.
He wondered if this would be the charge that broke the camel’s back with Mycroft. Sherlock knew that Mycroft paid attention to his purchases but rarely said a word about them. He just paid the bills as they came due.
"God. Yes! We will! Yes! Yes! Yes!"
“Taking off my clothes, unless you’d rather I fuck you whilst wearing them. I wouldn’t recommend that for a first time though.” John waited to see if Sherlock would say anything but he just remained stubbornly silent so he continued removing his clothes until he was completely naked.
“Ahem. As your doctor, I advise against any strenuous activity until you feel better…” John began.
“I’ll sue you for malpractice!” Mr Watson said. He might actually see some money coming from this.
“I thought that you might change your mind.” Sherlock said on an upward thrust.
“Well, lucky me. Saved by your principles,” Sherlock said sarcastically.
“You won’t. You won’t! You haven’t changed your mind have you?” Sherlock asked anxiously.
Sherlock stopped him by placing a hand on his shoulder, “I wouldn’t bother. By the time you get there, it’ll be over.”
“Yes sir?”
“Where is everyone?”
St Bart’s Morgue
“He can keep it, just not in my house! I won’t have the shame that comes along with keeping a whore who can’t keep his legs shut, in my house! What would my friends think? My coworkers? I’ve brought you two up better than that!”
“Are you…are you begging me to fuck you Sherlock?” John asked.
“That he is so I’ve finally decided to take matters into my own hands and pursue you directly,” Moriarty said, abruptly brushing all of the sugar to the floor.
“Very good! See how easy everything is when you pay attention?”
Sherlock snorted.
“Yes? Foot in mouth. Chicken sheers down by the ankle. Not murdered here…” Sherlock said, waiting.
“No. Only a male vampire mating with a human woman can do that. And a vampire can only be created by another vampire by draining that person’s blood and then letting that person feed from them.”
“John Watson.” He could hear Harriet sitting up.
“Why do you keep saying that I won’t remember this?” Sherlock asked, puzzled.
Sherlock walked around his chair, grabbed Becca’s shoulders, giving her a shake with each word.
“And why is that, John?”
“You’re wasting my time. What do you want?” Sherlock asked impatiently.
“I wouldn’t recommend doing that quite yet,” Sherlock began as John fell flat on his face.
“Hi sweets! I heard that you wanted to talk to me!” Said Becca in her obnoxiously cheerful voice.
“There is no gay in our world, John,” Sherlock said, “your Soul Mate is your mate, no matter the sex of said mate.” Sherlock finished by first licking John’s lips then plunging his tongue inside of his mouth.
John reached under the bed and pulled out a thick set of Velcro handcuffs.
“I’ll just get myself ready, shall I?” Sherlock said and with a wicked smile, turned onto his stomach, lifted up his arse and tore his pajama bottoms down until he could kick them to the floor. He then lay back down, sinuously moving his hips and rubbing cock against the bedding.
“Obviously,” Sherlock stated in a tone of voice that indicated that John was being a moron.
“Your arms are shaking. It’s almost as if they can’t support your weight in this awkward position.”
“The boss doesn’t know how long he’s going to keep you and frankly, he loves Dhamphir blood so I’m basically installing a tap so that he can drink directly from the source. Don’t worry, I can perform this procedure in about 20 minutes. I’ve had plenty of experience. You’ll be fine.
“Bugger off, Sherlock! I might! This is the last one, yeah? So let him finish!”
“I just…I may not seem like I care deeply but I do, for you. Only for you. I have a hard time expressing it. I wasn’t raised by a particularly demonstrative family. Mum and dad became affectionate in their later years but by then, well, you’ve met Mycroft and he’s the sociable one.” They both laughed.
“What was that you said about getting wet?” John asked.
“I never did get to taste you last night,” Sherlock said as he began sucking on John’s neck.
“What if I don’t want a break, Sherlock? May I call you Sherlock? And you must call me John,” he said, sliding the fingers of his free hand further into Sherlock’s pants.
“You alright in there?” No answer.
“What?! He could kill him!”
“Bob, I want to keep the baby.” Elizabeth said.
Sherlock stopped what he was doing, walked over and sat on the bed next to John.
“You’re going to stab me to remove a small bit of wood?”
Apologies.
Lestrade was looking back and forth between John and Sherlock. He had no idea what was going on, but they were definitely having some silent test of wills with Sherlock becoming more and more agitated. Greg wanted in.
John ran his tongue around the inside of his mouth, checking for fangs.
“It’s fine. Trust me, John. I’ve…OOF!” Sherlock had collapsed on top of John knocking the wind out of them both.
“How dead is Doctor Watson?” Irene asked.
“Just…I’m never going to get that image out of my head. Forget that. All I’m trying to say is that you will not be sticking your cock up my arse any time in the near future. Possibly ever. I need time to get used to the idea.”
“Oh. It happens when a finger gets jammed forcefully back into the third knuckle. It’s very painful.”
“It’s been done before. Don’t waste your time.”
“Do you agree, Sherlock? No offense, John. Just confirming.”
Once he certain that Sherlock was completely lost, he thrust his tongue inside and then leisurely began licking him out. Sherlock’s moans were making him even harder. John was fairly certain that there was no blood flow to his brain at the moment and he didn’t care.
John took in Sherlock’s flushed and sweaty face, and slouched position against the headboard and said, “Of course you’re not.”
“They’re just a couple of poofs,” Anderson continued.
“Ok. Note to self: John hates espresso. Never buy it again. How’s that?”
“I’d rather not.”
“That’s an awfully lucid question from someone under a glamor,” John said.
Monday, 11pm
John moaned and kept sucking. This was the sexiest man he’d ever met. This was the best experience he’d ever had sexually and that was saying something.
“I never wanted an Omega.”
“Find anyone?”
“Bubblegum pink. Are you deaf too? Doctor Watson is only mostly dead. Get moving!”
“John. Seriously. Are you ok?” Sebastian said, walking over and putting a hand on John’s shoulder.
“Reaching for the lube with my other hand.”
“Shush,” John said, holding his head then reaching for the water and paracetamol which he was just discovering that he desperately needed.
“Let the doctor take care of you.” John said in a sultry tone of voice that was guaranteed to melt Sherlock into a puddle of lust - hopefully.
“Sherlock. Behave. The case is solved. Let’s just enjoy the party.”
“Well, once upon a time…” Becca started.
"I'm beginning to feel distinctly sticky. Perhaps we should move this to the bath?"
“Would it kill me though?”
“Lidocaine. I can’t provide any more sedation right now - wouldn’t want to accidentally overdose you - but there’s no reason to cut you open when I can numb the surgical site. I just wasn’t expecting you to still be awake at this point. And as I said, I really do like you and want to keep your suffering to a minimum.”
“This is his second bottle and (somehow) he’s still not even drunk,” Will replied somewhat defensively.
“Don’t come home drunk, young lady! You know your temper is like your father’s when you’re drunk!” Mrs Watson yelled after Harriet but received no response.
“221B, Baker Street.”
She caught Sherlock’s eye and they both began walking towards each other, meeting in the middle of the sitting room. Sherlock got right to the point, as was his way. It was refreshing, actually. All the niceties put aside and getting down to business right away. She’d normally never allow herself to lower her defenses long enough to make it a cold business transaction.
Moriarty’s Safe House
“Yes. Mycroft can be repetitive. Just ignore him. Most of what he says is nonsense anyway.” Sherlock replied, his mobile chiming immediately. He threw it down on his jacket.
“Well, that was anti-climactic,” Jim sighed disappointedly.
"You might consider knocking," Sherlock said imperiously, as he and John continued shaking their fists up and down.
“It’s just yellow. I’m leaving with or without you!” Sherlock was now rocking side to side, randomly touching the front of his trousers as if trying to brush something off.
Sherlock began picking up the bag to see if there was any identifying information but there was nothing.
“And how did you handle that anger as you, um…serviced them?” Sherlock asked somewhat awkwardly.
Placing a hand on Sherlock’s hip, John pushed his trousers down until they rested around his knees.
“Why, be his parents, of course! We’re only 40. It’s believable that he could be a late in life baby. All of our family live out of state. We haven’t seen them in literally years.”
“You don’t need to call the cops,” Sherlock said to Will, putting a little extra push behind the ‘suggestion.’
“I know! I can’t wait!” Becca giggled. Irene threw a pillow at her as she left the room.
John chuckled. “You could just use the magic word and come.”
“No I don’t,” Sherlock replied.
“We’ve checked out all of those and each body matches up with the person picked up.”
“Ah! Here we go. It’s always the last place you look because that’s where it is, right?” Becca smiled holding up some tubing, an IV and a small pouch of some unidentifiable drug.
“Really? I’ve been told I’m difficult to read though so how could anyone know that about me?”
“Yes, of course.”
“Why didn’t you just text?”
But Sherlock was already gone, leaving the morgue door closing slowly behind him.
“I promise.”
He stepped up to the door and knocked. A lovely woman with auburn hair and a polished demeanor opened the door and gestured him into the sitting room with a smile.
“Have you any gloves on you?” John asked.
“Leave that to me,” John said, smiling.
“There’s also…fisting…” John said with a nervous gulp. He’d always wanted to do that but had never mustered up enough courage to ask. He didn’t know how Sherlock would react.
“And how IS Sherlock?
“Good.” She whispered to him.
John began trailing kisses down Sherlock’s neck, pausing to lick each nipple in turn then blowing cold air on them causing them to stand at attention.
“Won’t be needing these,” John made short work of throwing Sherlock’s shoes and socks behind him, then grabbing the waistband of his trousers, slid them neatly off in one pull.
John left at a leisurely place noticing Sherlock stepping into the lift.
“Harriet, this is none of your business. It’s between me and the boy.” John Watson Sr said shoving his way into the bedroom and pulling John up by the scruff of the neck.
“Fine. Fine. Just hurry up.”
Mrs Hudson was torn, she knew that Sherlock was acting suspicious, on the other hand, nothing was on on fire and Mrs Turner did have some of the most delicious gossip. That settled it.
“I love you too, thank you for staying with me.” Sherlock said, nestling into Johns shoulder like a cat making a bed.
“Again?” The voice asked, exasperated.
Two Weeks Later
“I’m going to sit right here with you and make sure your vitals are ok. Wouldn’t do to have your heart stop too!” Her laughter sounding like tinkling bells to Sherlock. ‘Why haven’t I noticed that before? Oh. Because I don’t care.’
"Take this thing off." He complied with impressive alacrity.
“You won’t figure out the words I’ve used, John. You can’t really think that I’d pick something that anyone could say at any given moment during any situation?”
“I wouldn’t do that if I…” John began.
“It’s not that I don’t want to. It’s just that it might be too much for his heart. He’s very low on blood and needs a little break before you get hungry again.” Moran began.
“What do you expect me to do, mom? Are you suggesting that I get an abortion?” John said a little teary eyed.
Although in a awkward position, they soon set of a mutually pleasing rhythm consisting of frantic thrusts and withdrawals.
“Do you remember when we first met?”
“He ‘has’ nothing. I’m sitting here, injured no thanks to you.”
“Jesus Christ. Just. Don’t let him die before I get there.”
“Well, you know, Jim’s an addict and an addict left alone with his stash can’t be trusted as I’m sure you’re aware.” Becca patted Sherlock’s thigh condescendingly.
“What have the moron twins done now?” Irene asked her lover, Becca.
“Don’t want it.”
“I will do my…” the line went dead.
“I had to go,” Sherlock said, looking up at John solemnly.
“Feel free to share this one any time you’d like.”
“Done that too, John. I don’t see a problem.”
"Well, you can bloody well stop that now! Why would you do that?" I asked, somewhat breathlessly.
“A Dhamphir is half human, half vampire but without all of the pesky weaknesses of either. This only happens when a male vampire has sex with a female human and any baby resulting from such a union is a Dhamphir,” Sherlock said seriously.
“Johnny. How are you feeling, love?”
“What about when I bit you? That had to throw you.”
Six Months Later
“Just giving you a demonstration of one way to cause trigger finger. Hurts, doesn’t it?” John said, sitting back on his haunches and grinning.
Content and happy indeed!
“Want to try that again?” John asked, relaxing his grip slightly.
"Worse? Just say that they're being turned into vampires."
“It’s always something. Slight miscalculation. I didn’t add in Anderson’s penchant for having the last, insulting word.”
“One hundred years, give or take a decade. I can’t be bothered tracking inconsequential things like that,” Sherlock said off handedly.
“Fists are involved…” Sherlock said tentatively.
“You shouldn’t,” John said, twisting Sherlock’s wrist behind him then pulling his other arm to join it behind his back.
“No. The skin is too taught for enjoyment,” Sherlock replied flatly.
“I love you, John. You know that, right?” Sherlock said sincerely.
“You feel that? You feel me coming inside of you? Making you mine? Come for me, Sherlock. Come. For. Me!” Sherlock’s cock pulsed into John’s palm, once, twice, three times, by the fourth and final time, he felt completely boneless and leaned back against John with a sigh.
“That wasn’t what I was about to ask at all.”
“Your clothes are worn. Your shoes unpolished. You haven’t been out of the service long enough to give up a 16 year old habit. You’re depressed. You were just standing there staring on that corner after coming out of the clinic after an interview. They’re not going to hire you, by the way.”
Mycroft stopped midway up the stairs to John and Sherlock’s flat, removed his mobile from his pocket and hit speed dial to call his brother.
"It isn't a job. I get bored. It's something to do," Sherlock replied defensively.
Sherlock rolled back onto his stomach.
“There we go. That wasn’t so bad, was it?” John asked, expecting no reply.
“They’re incompetent and understaffed and they need me. Isn’t that right, Lestrade.” Another statement of fact.
“”Oh?” Oh what?” Sherlock asked nervously.
Sherlock had somehow convinced John into letting him insert a piece of peeled ginger - carved into the shape of a dildo - into his anus two days ago. His arsehole had felt like it was on fire and that fire had seemed to last forever. He’d finally resorted to putting a wet flannel in the freezer briefly and then folding it in two and shoving it between his arse cheeks. And then Sherlock had wanted to fuck him afterwards which John had said no to comparing it to having a red hot poker shoved up his arse and that he’d frankly prefer the poker to Sherlock’s cock at that point.
“You are! You are!” Sherlock moaned as John’s fangs dropped down and sank them deeply into Sherlock’s neck with surprising ease at which point they both orgasmed simultaneously. John instantly felt power coursing through his body as he drank. It was like nothing he’d ever experienced.
“I know you don’t think I’ll let you stick me with that,” Sherlock said, backing up until his legs hit the back of his chair.
“We should probably just let him rest a day or two to build up those red cells. I’d hate to have him die on you. I know that you’re really enjoying him but he can’t even remain conscious anymore. I’ll take care of this for you, boss. Can I get you a snack while I’m at Bart’s?” Moran asked, rolling the capped tubing and taping it to John’s chest to keep it from coming undone and killing John. It wouldn’t go over well if he came back only to find that John had bled out all over the floor because he hadn’t secured things properly.
“I just need a moment, possibly three, for my erection to subside enough to allow me to walk comfortably. Then we can be on our way to Baker Street.”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock answered obediently, getting into position.
“Give it back,” Sherlock said.
“Detective Inspector! Where did that arse hole go and who’s this?”
“Wouldn’t do you any good if you did. I’m just the messenger girl. The Mistress knows but she knows everything,” Becca sighed.
“No? I told you to read it first before agreeing to it, didn’t I?” John sucked on Sherlock’s earlobe and then bit down.
The woman turned her head towards the nurse and gave her such an angry glare that the nurse actually stepped back a few feet.
Between Sherlock’s throaty moans - that voice! - and the exquisite sensations of entering him, claiming him. ‘Mine,’ he thought. It only took three more thrusts and John was coming hard, holding tightly against Sherlock until the last of his earth shattering orgasm died away.
“How do you think I know? I have spies too. I’m no fool. I can smell it on you. Smell HIM on you and I don’t like it,” Moriarty finished angrily.
“Fine. Five minutes. I’ll lead you back out when time is up. It wouldn’t do to overtax John right now.” The doctor was getting angry. Mrs Watson could see that now.
“We could use lube in spite of what it says in the script,” John said hopefully.
“What does it say?” Sherlock asked with a smirk.
"Oh. He knows you, alright. It started last summer…Mycroft began…
Arriving in the bathroom, he turned his back to the mirror and the first thing that he noticed was that his favorite robe was completely full of splinters. He sighed in irritation. ‘Even if I had someone pull out all of those splinters, there would then be holes and I will not be wearing a robe that looks moth eaten!’ Letting the robe slide smoothly down his back and onto the floor, he discovered the cause of his pain. John was due home in an hour. It couldn’t possibly take him more than 15 minutes to fix this. Pulling a hemostat from one of the vanity’s drawers, Sherlock set to work pulling the splinter out of his back. It turned out not to be as easily done as he’d thought.
“No. I, uh, this isn’t an easy…” John gasped when Sherlock took his cock in hand and began a slow, graceful stroke along his length.
John thought about nothing else after that. He’d cleared his mind. He just wanted to get to wherever they were headed and get this over with.
“What kind of answer is that? That tells me absolutely nothing!” Sherlock said, exasperated.
“We’ll get back to that. You have plenty of time left,” John said, reaching his hand into Sherlock’s pants and grasping his cock.
"I knew this wasn't a social call. What is it that you want this time?"
They walked down the long hallway, Irene stopping at the third door on the left and giving it a sharp rap. The door was immediately opened by a man with sandy blond hair that had gone completely white in the front. Sherlock sized him up in an instant.
“I’m exhausted so I think…” John began. Sherlock held up one finger and didn’t raise his eyes.
“Right. Well, anyhow, for Jim, narcotics are his choice of salt. They make Dhamphir blood even yummier. And, well, one thing led to another and even though Jim knew that John was very low on blood, he injected him with more narcotics and John’s heart stopped. Wait!” Becca said. “He’s fine now. Moriarty’s assistant arrived just in time to revive him and setup two full bore IVs with blood to, you know, top John off, as it were. He’s almost fine now. Will be fine.” Becca patted his hand. Becca was giving Moron credit for all this but she was fine with that. It was better that Sherlock not know that not only had she been there but that John was lucky she’d shown up. She was certain he’d have been dead otherwise. Those idiots.
“Yes. He’s a former army surgeon. Very good with his hands. Gentle or rough per the clients requests. You should really ask him to show you his technique.” Irene said, a wicked smile on her lips.
“I don’t know. I’m awfully comfy,” she winked at her companion.
“How the hell are you sleeping through all this? It’s not very flattering, John.”
“I’ll be right back with those pillows!” Sebastian said, pushing the bar and exiting the morgue quickly.
Sherlock brought out the last thing he’d wanted to use to keep John with him;
“Am not.”
John drowns his sorrows at the local pub.
“You know very well that I could have this entire coffee shop cleaning the floor with their tongues and they wouldn’t remember a thing,” Moriarty smiled.
“John…you don’t understand! I need it!” Sherlock whined.
“Are you quite finished? There’s a man with his foot embedded in his mouth. Please take this seriously.”
“No. I can’t have you showing up like my dad to pick me up from school. Besides, Mycroft has already told me that he has people watching me so calm down.”
“I’m leaving. Read the book or loose the Omega. God knows you won’t be able to do it on your own.”
Reaching into his pocket, Sebastian pulled out a syringe, removed the cap, quickly rid it of any air bubbles and injected John in the area that he’d just cleaned.
—Mycroft”
“They’re doing it again!
“There you go! Aren’t I good to my food, Sebby?” Moriarty said, grinning widely at Moran.
“It’s Mike! Mike Stamford.” He clutched his stomach. “I might have put on a bit of weight since the last time you saw me. Come on, have a seat on the bench with me and we can catch up.”
“Good luck with that.”
“Well, what if I don’t want to live with your brother? Will I die from a broken heart? We live in the same city. That’s close enough. I’ll see him in the morgue a lot now that he’s no longer hiding from me.”
John goes from 17 to 33 training to be a doctor along the way.
“Is that the end?”
Using his clean hand, John placed his hand on Sherlock’s hip and locked his elbow effectively stopping Sherlock from thrusting forward. He pulled his mouth off of Sherlock’s cock and removed his fingers from his hole. Sherlock gave a whine of protest.
“And he lost. I see. Tell me a little bit about the man who thinks that he can best me. Why haven’t I seen him before?”
Sliding against as close as possible until he was testicles to testicles with John he began pressing in slowly, as deeply as possible, leisurely fucking John and making sure that he rubbed against John’s prostate with the head of his cock on every other thrust. John lifted his left leg a little higher and thrust down on Sherlock’s cock.
“Yes, John.”
“Yeah. I’m going to probably take a few more sips and then I think I’m going to have to throw in the towel before it burns a hole in my stomach.” John admitted somewhat sheepishly.
“Not to mention the fact that I’ve been playing this game a lot longer than you. Why, you’re practically a baby when compared to me,” Moriarty snickered and proceeded to open and dump more sugar packets onto the table. A waitress came over to chastise him.
When they’d first started taking these jobs, these scripts, John used to try to tip the couriers but after about the third time he was given an insulted look followed by the courier turning and stomping down the stairs indignantly, he’d stopped offering.
Using the palm of his hands, Sherlock stopped John and pushed him away until his cock slid out of his mouth.
“Better?”
“Now, look at the script and tell me what happens next,” John asked with deceptive calm.
“Can I see my son, please?”
Please, lord. Let Sherlock be out on a case or in the middle of an experiment. God forbid that he should want to talk to John which was more of being talked at, than to. John already knew that there wasn’t a chance in hell that Sherlock had gone to bed. He hadn’t slept in days. He’d been distracted by some experiment. John had no idea what it was about, nor did he care. He might regret that tomorrow but for tonight?  John didn’t care if Sherlock was building a bomb out of everyday household utensils in the bathtub. The house could blow up around John and he’d sleep right through it at this point.
“Jesus Christ! You could have handed them to me!”
“And I was successful, judging by your clenched jaw.”
“Yeah, well, bringing home some bastard isn’t going to help either.” Harriet spat.
Sherlock convinces John to assist him on a case. Nothing goes to plan.
“I’m sure that Harriet helped wind him up.”
“Bob? Can I talk to you in the hallway?”
“That’s just as well, love,” John said, pulling Sherlock’s head against his chest. “You don’t want to remember her that way. She’ll always be alive in your memories. You still have that. She’s in your Mind Palace, isn’t she?”
“How long has he worked there? John never mentioned him. Is he new?” Sherlock demanded.
“What?!” John said. He was mildly claustrophobic but he’d been hanging in there while the bag was slowly closing around him, now they wanted to store him in a tiny refrigerated box? No. Just…no. John began to struggle until Sebastian pressed his thumb down on John’s newly installed Port causing him to gasp in pain.
Yeah. It was definitely worth the trip back.
“I’ll go where I please!” Sherlock muttered belligerently.
“Yes, John. I wanted to tell you…”
“You’re barely tight enough to make me come! Stop moving!” John made it to four thrusts before he was coming deeply inside of Sherlock.
“Yeah, well…” John ran a hand through his hair. “I guess that I’m more impressed than insulted. I haven’t had sex, actual intercourse, in at least three years. No interest. But then I saw you, with your almond shaped eyes and plush lips and I was intrigued. Then, you spoke and that was it. I had to fuck you.”
“Thanks Mrs H. I’ll let you know how it goes. I might be looking for a fake beekeeper if Sherlock doesn’t understand what it all means.”
“Yes!”
John stood staring at Sherlock, waiting for acknowledgement. And waited. And waited…
“There’s hair pulling, Sherlock. Yours.”
“I don’t like this story. I'm tired. I’m going to go to sleep now. I love you, John.” Sherlock sighed, his body relaxing into sleep.
Just some cleanup of the chapter. No major changes.
Unzipping the bag, Sebastian started at John’s feet until he’d been completely slipped into the bag. John hadn’t even moved a muscle. It seemed pointless. He’d just bide his time until he could escape or until Sherlock found him.
“I don’t even care if I ever have sex again,” John said, standing up.
“There. Doesn’t that feel better?” John asked.
“I’ll go after the arse, sir, while you take care of the victim.”
“Once upon a time there was a man who met and fell in love with a gorgeous, brilliant man. People told the man not to trust the genius but the man couldn’t help himself; it was love at first sight.
So, for as long as it's posted, I hope you enjoy chat roulette.
“Yes,” Sherlock bit out.
“This particular fetish requires that a main character act grossly out of character, in a violent and aggressive manner…” John paused.
“I come from a long line of alcoholics, one bottle of scotch is nothing. Do I seem drunk to you?”
“I said; ‘HOT WATER!’ You really should get your hearing checked, idiot.”
"You know you're my little bitch and you'll do whatever I tell you. Isn't that right?" I gave his hand a slightly firmer squeeze to emphasize my meaning.
“Well, I suppose I should give him a rest,” said Moriarty who’d been about to reach out to Moran for the tubing again.
In a flash, John was at Anderson’s side, hand on his injured joint. Anderson screamed in agony.
"That sounds so pedestrian. Anyhow, you enjoy looking for murderers and now I'm presenting you with one."
“I’m sorry but I can’t take that chance.”
“Lover,” Sherlock interjected on a sigh.
"You must like it because you keep losing," John said, trying but failing to suppress another smile. He patted the coffee table.
Sherlock reached over and began checking John’s arm from shoulder to wrist.
“And I’m telling you; he’ll send his people for you and you won’t be able to fight them all. Please, John.” Sherlock reached out and put a hand on John’s forearm.
“Yes. I’ll give it a go. God help me.”
“Every time you tried to talk to them, to ask why they seemed not to like you, they believed that you were just jealous of the attention that they’d been lavishing on Lawrence. And Harriet reinforced that.” Sherlock paused again.
“Uh huh.”
The orderlies pushing the bed looked at each other in silence, the only indication of their thoughts; a quick glance at the patient, then each other, then looking awkwardly away.
“Not really. Is it true that dad is actually my father?” John asked, hoping against hope that it wasn’t true.
Sebastian punched in the code and entered the lab where John sat, going through his daily summaries. John looked up when he heard Sebastian open the door and he shoved his paperwork to the middle of the desk, leaning back in his chair and stretching.
Taking a seat across from each other, John started;
“Well, too late now. Any other secrets that I should know about?” John asked but Sherlock remained quiet.
“I don’t need people. I never have and so when you were all but dropped into my lap. At first, it didn’t seem remotely possible that despite how I felt, you might be my Soul Mate so I went onto the internet to find out what that meant.”
“Oh. He’s drunk alright. He just hasn’t stood up yet. That’s when it will hit.”
“Harriet, you’re upsetting your brother…”
“It’s no secret; the butler did it. Mycroft knew the butler did it. The butler SAID he did it. The butler ALWAYS does it and I told him so before we’d even arrived. Took one look at the butler’s shoes, proclaimed ‘The butler did it!’ and turned around to get back into the car only to see the taillights disappearing into the foggy gloom as I watched.”
“I think we can find time for that,” John said, stroking Sherlock’s cock.
“Oh. I don’t care about humans. I was just saying whatever it took to get you to stay.” Sherlock smiled.
“Seb…before you leave…Do you think…Would you mind giving Doctor Watson here another shot of that delicious pain killer before you go? It really spices things up. I mean, he’s delicious without it but one does need to salt one’s food occasionally.”
“Nothing but moaning and pleading but that seems to be the majority of my dialogue in this script anyhow,” Sherlock said resignedly.
“I.” *kiss to one corner of John’s mouth* “Know.” *kiss to the other corner of his mouth. “That.” *passionate kiss on the lips* “What would it take to convince you?” Sherlock asked, sliding his hand across John’s hipbone, bypassing the sticky mess that was now drying on their stomachs, to feel John’s hardening cock.
“Do you trust me, Sherlock?” John asked as Sherlock rose to his feet.
“Um. Well, there’s um…a knife wound at the base of his skull. He likely died immediately.”
“Just get on with it.”
“Alright.” John walked around the bed and got in on the other side. Sherlock immediately slid over and attached himself to John’s side like a limpet.
I’m glad that you enjoyed the food and that it was enough to feed the department. I’m also glad that you had the foresight to save yourself something for today. It was my pleasure providing a small token of my esteem.
“What?”
Chapter One - Wooing Your Omega
“Yes. I’d like to hear from someone with a little more authority than a stranger I’ve just met over a dead body, assuring me that he should be allowed access to a secure area at all hours of the day and night.”
“You’re sick.”
“Not really. No. Leaving now.” John continued walking.
“You’re awfully sure of yourself.”
John rolled his eyes.
“You’re interested in receiving anal sex.”
“You can fit things larger than a human fist inside a rectum although I wouldn’t recommend it. Actually, I wouldn’t recommend this either,” John finished, sounding a little down.
“I have no equal,” Sherlock said, flipping John onto his stomach and pinning one arm behind his back.
“Shush. Just keep watching.”
They all ducked as a shot ricocheted over their heads.
I'm sorry for taking so long with this. It's been written for awhile but I wasn't happy with it. lost my motivation so I was having a hard time getting back to it.
“Well, first of all, the body doesn’t belong to you and secondly, Doctor John Watson is the chief coroner at St Bart’s who just happened to be on site when the body was literally dropped at the door. And he hasn’t touched the body until now.”
“Now that we know that Doctor Watson will be on his own tomorrow night, we can put my plan into action. The first thing you’re going to do is…
“Yes. Anything.”
Looking around the lab and morgue one more time to see if he’d missed anything, he grabbed everything that he thought could be evidence, leaving John sleeping dreamlessly only three feet away.
Running a finger tip along Sherlock’s thigh, he said, “You’re shaking. It’s ok to be nervous.”
“It was ok.”
John’s fangs dropped down and he pulled Sherlock tight against himself. John slid his fist back on Sherlock’s cock one more time and suddenly he was coming all over his hand, his hole spasming around John’s cock.
I circled the cottage slowly, more out of necessity than a tactical choice. I doubt I could have run if my life depended on it. I could feel the oily magic of the rogue mage around the door and the windows. Not the rest of the cottage, though. Granted, it was stone, so I couldn’t go through a wall, either.
“I’d wager that the blade is poisoned, as well.” He turned to a cluster of elementals that had gathered. “Free the children, if you can, and let no one touch that blade until I can get a closer look.”
“Watson. Have a seat.”
“Breakfast is ready, and I’ve made more clothes for you. Those dresses would suit you well, and I hung them in the wardrobe, should you wish them.”
I slowed, checking the sky. Damn. If I wanted to do this dinner, I had to turn back. I scanned the horizon, annoyed. No sign of that cottage.
“You will do no such thing. Neither of them are in this, and it should stay that way.”
Mrs. Hudson came down the stairs, looking worried.
Holmes drew Mycroft’s attention away from the bowl, gesturing silently to the number of creatures crowding into the room. He could recognize fauns, and salamanders, but others seemed unknown to him.
He cautiously took a step closer. “But… werewolves aren’t real?”
Watson stiffened. “There might be a problem.”
Lots of content elementals meant that whatever was gathering power wasn’t using elementals for strength.
Watson raised a brow. “I’ve never heard elementals to answer someone who wasn’t a mage before.” He shrugged as a shimmer coated the air around them. “Then again, I always heard that wolfwalkers are just shy of demons.”
I shook my head to clear it.
“What do you want me to be?”
I rolled my eyes. <I can hear the heart beet in your chest from halfway across a room, and I can smell all the hormones and emotion you have at the same distance. Both of you spent the entirety of lunch and dinner pining over each other. And me.>
I half-laughed, running a hand through the offending fuzz. It had grown out a bit shaggier than I liked it. I’d need to find the equivalent of a pair of clippers to shave it back. “I like it short. Makes it easier when I need to shift a lot.”
I snorted. <No. At least, not right away. They’ll work themselves up into a lather to deal with me, and by the time they think to look past the border, it will probably be too late.>
“Watson? My God, man, what happened?”
Watson flashed a grin. “Not accustomed to being among us mortals, are you?”
There were flashes of scar tissue along his collar, Holmes noted.
“I believe we were in the middle of something, yes.”
“Then I have great timing.”
“I assume that would have something to do with Doyle writing the stories, instead of me?”
I picked up the pack and trotted toward the small cottage. Father Simeon paused on the threshold and turned as I jumped over the wall.
Watson studied the goose with a raised brow.
I folded the paper, staring at it. Several artifacts, not yet categorized, had been stolen from the British Museum. And one of them was a wolfwalker tome of our lore.
No packs. No wolves for hundreds of miles, at least. Any territory that large would have been filled before too long. Keeps the mages in line, and the infighting down. But if I was truly the only wolfwalker in the world….
<Calm down, kid. I’m not going to eat you.>
There was a faint shimmer of light, and where the wolf had been stood Mr. Hunter, stark as the day he was born.
Mycroft approached the table as Watson sat in front of the bowl, lit candles arrayed across the table. “Truthfully, this looks like some charlatan’s trick.”
His heart twisted at the sign of tears on her cheeks.
Holmes waited silently as Lord Acton and two of his men entered the carriage and drove off.
Fox nodded sharply. “Well, it’s none of my business anyway. If I don’t see him before dinner, would you mind telling him I’m sorry to have prodded a sore spot?”
He sent a simple coded message to the Solar Council, alerting them to the presence of the Wolfwalker. Holmes was waiting when he left, and they returned to Shanbrook, each focused on his own thoughts.
The faun watched me closely.
“Not the name my parents gave me, no, but the one I took after I was exiled from my pack.”
“What I would like to know is how you managed to keep it from me.”
I returned their gazes steadily. “The Unicorn wants me to figure it all on my own, doesn’t it?”
I nodded and turned to go. <Thanks. You go home. Whatever it is, you shouldn’t be tangling with it.>
Watson surprised him, already sitting at the table, in his accustomed spot. Holmes was pleased to note that he’d changed, at least.
Damnit.
He did notice several elementals gathering behind him, and raised a brow.
Whatever, whoever this deranged idiot was south of the town, he’d managed to snatch all of the kids in one swoop.
But the people seemed happy to see me, and the kids were being kids. I forced myself to relax a bit.
I stretched my senses, faltering a bit when I bumped into the bonds. I didn’t-
I breathed a laugh at Watson’s accusation.
I sat up again, wrapping my arm around my knee. All four elementals were arranged across from me, watching.
He nodded, pulling some foolscap out of the desk and preparing to write some notes.
Watson smiled, and Holmes could see the pride there.
Since they all were Potentials, I’d wager they had some inkling of what was going wrong in the area. Potentials were like that.
The side of the bed dipped as Watson sat beside me. I could hear the scrape of a chair nearby. Holmes.
Shit.
Likely, this was the first time Davy heard someone else in his head.
<All the local packs, you mean?>
Holmes led the way through the village, pointing out items of interest and small details that Watson tended to overlook. As they walked, he kept an eye on Watson. His leg seemed better than usual, and he wasn’t carrying his shoulder as though it pained him. Good. But he was more closed off than usual, likely trying to avoid thinking of Mary.
I leveled a look at the trapped sylph. <You would chose death, then?>
The kids seemed to consider this, slowing down.
It didn’t follow through, jumping into the sky with a scream of rage.
Watson felt Holmes’s assent as he entered the Hall.
He came to a stop beside me, apparently enjoying the view, ignoring me.
“Doctor. I trust you have seen the truth tonight?”
“Get him inside. Gently, now.”
<You are the only one, Hunter. I am sorry.>
The faun’s ears drooped. <There is no pack, Hunter.>
“The Sign of Four, probably. That’s how-” He broke off, standing up. “Excuse me.”
As the unmistakable smell of human habitation reached my nose, I slowed my trot, categorizing everything. Lots of manure, and the smell of meat on the hoof. Mostly sheep, but enough cows and horses to be interesting. Loads of chickens and geese too.
I sighed. “Well, that does complicate things. But you didn’t shoot at me, or attack outright, so I’ll let you make it up to me.”
Holmes studied his room, then nodded. Nothing important had been moved, and he was satisfied it would serve for a week or so. He settled down at his cramped desk, drawing up a brief invitation to the new priest, Father Simeon, asking him to come to dinner, both so they two could get the measure of the other, but also to discuss the plan to use Shanbrook as an orphanage.
He collected his bags, mounting the stairs.
I might be able to hold my own against one pack, but all of them? No. Exile was a better choice.
Holmes left abruptly, leaving Watson alone.
I turned back to the house, startled. There was a whiff of disappointment-.
“What-?”
“What’s happened, sir?”
But, no. None of the elementals I’d seen or sensed today had that sense of fear. No. This strange mage was likely either here for a social call, which had nothing to do with me, or he was hunting whatever I was sent here to deal with. Nothing more.
And yet he found himself disquieted.
He hailed a cab, thinking that some time in his club might settle his mind.
“Impossible.”
“Sounds more akin to a prison yard,” Holmes murmured.
Watson scowled at Lord Acton. “To be brief-”
The faun considered for a moment. <She broke her hip, and cracked some ribs, when she was thrown. She likely has a concussion, as well.>
“I highly doubt that. Those abominations are impossible to kill,” Lord Acton snarled, unable to tear his eyes away.
<See if they managed to get everything out of the cottage. I want to see what he had, and I want Fox’s input on the book.>
The sylph flew off as Watson considered the message. That didn’t seem to be the kind of behavior of an abomination, and his- her- behavior at luncheon was more akin to that of a visiting mage. He considered his warning to the Council.
“You know, I’m pretty sure your name’s familiar.”
He slowed when he heard voices, stopping out of sight as Watson approached Fox.
He sighed as he heard the door shut firmly closed behind her, and he scrubbed a hand over his face.
“Got it in one. Real packs are basically family units. The so-called Alpha is basically the head-of-house. Infighting is something of a rarity. Anyway, the original paper, with alpha wolves and dominance fights managed to get incredibly popular. And eventually, certain wolfwalkers decided they liked how it sounded.” I snorted. “Why wouldn’t they? This said they had the right to any female they wanted, provided they could fight off any challengers.”
I shot the faun a look, then sighed. Well, looks like I would have to deal with a priest, too.
There was a hill with a convenient view of the village, and I climbed it easily enough, settling in to watch the people. Dawn was just breaking, and I could hear cows and sheep nearby. People would be moving about soon enough.
Davy seemed satisfied with the exchange, chivying us along onto the main road.
That always managed to sting, but he ignored it this time.
Buckle up,because things are about to take off!
I loped off towards the Downs, feeling the anxiety of the men behind me.
She nodded, satisfied. “I’m Mary.”
“What the devil?”
Light began pouring from his hands alongside the bowl, and a mist rose on the surface of the water. In the cloud of mist, they could see a large, black wolf, running over the fields. Mycroft’s eyebrow rose as he watched.
I shook my head, annoyed at myself, as I reached a small clearing. It was in a little gully, out of sight of the roads and trails nearby. I dropped my pack to the ground with a sigh. I’d stay here, sleep through the day, and head out at dusk. No one would notice a wolf carrying a pack at night, and I could go far enough that the harriers behind me would lose the scent again.
<Not with the sending, but they aim to be a part of the ending.>
He was a spirit mage.
“What?”
<Fox. Lord Acton is here, and angry. Watson has begun scrying on you. What can I do?>
He was gratified to hear a weak chuckle in reply.  “No, you haven’t come close to repaying that, old friend.”
<I have an idea on that. I need to Awaken Potentials, that’s not negotiable, but why not let them think that you’re controlling me somehow? You mentioned a leash earlier, and I didn’t get the impression that Acton thinks wolves are very smart, so…>
“Go with God, Fox,” Watson added.
“I know how it sounds, Holmes, but you need to trust me.” He turned to the fireplace. “Can you tell me where Mr. Hunter is now?”
I got to my feet, shaking a bit from exhaustion and blood loss, and limped toward the cabin.
“Not very well, my dear.”
He left, following a deer track back to the village. I watched him go, mulling over the meeting.
Holmes’s eyes half lidded. “You still love her.”
I thought I was up? I blinked up at Davy. No, I’m taller than him.
I regained my balance, sifting what I could from the spell as my blood ran cold.
I sat up, frowning at him. That was a bad idea, considering how everything spun around, but I didn’t back down.
“I’ve found, through the years, that love can take the most unexpected forms.”
<If you two don’t kiss each other already, I will crawl down there and smack both of with a turbot.>
<He will meet you in the garden, Mage.> It cocked its head, then continued. <It is likely that nothing will happen until moonrise.>
The salamander climbed one of the larger branches, trailing fire as it studied me. <How much longer can you run, Hunter?>
They entered, taking a moment to allow their eyes to adjust to the dim light after the full sun of the early afternoon. Holmes quickly scanned the pub, making a mental tally of the villagers. One brought him up short, and he stopped on the stair, studying them. He registered Watson coming up short as well, but set that aside in favor of his study.
Holmes stopped, opening a door and gesturing for Watson to precede him in. Watson entered the room, barely registering a servant stepping up to whisper something to Holmes. It was a large room, with tall, French-style windows opening onto a small balcony. The bed was a large four-poster, curtains pulled back revealing a feather mattress. There were bookcases, crammed full of books and loose papers, the closest surmounted with a stuffed goose.
“I suppose this is you repaying me for years of the cocaine, isn’t it?” he asked, pouring a cup of tea and adding cream to Watson’s liking.
I nodded. “Sparky? Light it up.”
<Look closer, Hunter.>
Mr. Holmes,
He rose to his feet. He felt heavier, like the weight of her accusation had physical presence.
Father Simeon inclined his head. “Good night, Mr. Holmes.”
“And does it?”
“Fox? Fox, answer me.”
“Sore subject?” he asked, gaze still on Watson.
“I don’t suppose I could ask for a private conversation?” he asked mildly.
“That dude was nothing. A bump. The real threat it covering like half of Europe.”
I pulled out the top item. There was enough fabric to make a tent. I shook it out, confused. It quickly came into shape. A skirt. I raised an eyebrow at that. It was massive. I threw it over one shoulder and continued rooting through the pile.
Watson sighed again. Pining over Holmes yet again would accomplish nothing.
Holmes shrugged. “Nothing more than was mentioned in the letter, unfortunately.”
He shouted something is some guttural tongue, but the end of his words were cut off by my teeth meeting in his throat. I pulled his throat out, letting him fall into a bloody heap at my feet.
“So why the children?” Watson asked.
<Fox?> he sent, tentatively.
Holmes waited until she was out of sight, then opened the letter, scanning it thoroughly.
Holmes made a note to ask Watson about that. “I see. And you and yours?”
Holmes nodded, returning his attention to the image of the running wolf.
I bared my teeth in a grin. <Exactly. However, if the newly formed packs are in the Crown’s employ….>
There was a pointed silence along the bond, and Holmes sighed.
My hand dropped to my neck, lightly brushing the scars circling my throat as the smile fell from my face. “Exile.”
<Nope. I’ve read the stories tons of times, the tome I want to look at is at the Rectory, and Mycroft is out visiting. My choices right now are sleep, stare at the wallpaper, or eavesdrop on you two. Option three is the most entertaining, so here we are.>
Several other sylphs finished packing his things as he thought.
“I’m telling you, sir. All of them vanished, clean out of thin air. I was talking to Davy when he went.”
I sighed. “Great. So I get nothing?”
I laid a fire, an invitation for any local salamanders, and lay back against a tree. I tugged one of my books free, wincing a bit at how tattered it had gotten. I only allowed myself the two. Looks like I’d need to find a bookstore soon and replace these. The good thing about the Sherlock Holmes stories was how easy it was to find a copy. The dried wood lit, and I smiled at the tiny lizard in its midst.
The clothes were accurate.
<Peace, little faun. Where is the local pack? I should introduce myself.>
“Either some of the caves, or an abandoned shepherd’s hut, south and west of here. Most likely the hut. People who go in for the nastier magics like their comforts.” I turned to Watson. “Look, there’s a slim chance I can take this guy alone, but it’s always easier with someone at my back. I don’t have a pack, and you’re the best I got.”
Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson. Here. Like, really here, and really real?
“Mr. Holden,” he said gravely, shaking hands with Davy.
Holmes jumped, startled, and Watson laughed.
He sighed dramatically, heading back to the town.
Holmes roused himself from his light doze as Mrs. Hudson set the table for breakfast.
That wasn’t good. One of each might show up to see a wolfwalker pass through, but this many? Salamanders, fauns, undines, sylphs, gnomes, and more? Something major was happening. I closed my eyes, sending out my senses for any malignant magics. Nothing. I knew there were no mages here, it’s most of why I stayed as long as I had. I opened my eyes again.
“I understand. I’ll see you in the morning, then.”
Petty bitch.
Watson looked up, startled. Holmes was rarely mentioned in the Arcadian, and usually only as a subtle reminder to keep the knowledge of what the Solar Council did out of his hands. Suggesting that he bring Holmes in to look at something for the Council….
<You just want me to stop teasing you.>
<How exactly is this an improvement?>
“Since both you and Sherlock are men of action, I shall assume that there is some plan in place?”
He studied me. “You don’t believe the council will attend to it?”
“I’m still mad at you, you know.”
And he’s a spirit mage.
He screwed up his face in a scowl. “But that’s forever!”
He stopped outside of Watson’s door, raising a hand to knock, but stilling at the last.
He knocked gently on the frame, letting the door swing open.
I shrugged on the suit. It was neatly made, and cut in a way that made it clear that I was AFAB. I grinned to my reflection in the mirror hung on the wardrobe and headed toward the smell of food.
He slowed his mad rush when he saw the old shepherd’s cottage. It was small, and part of the roof had fallen in, but it would serve for now.
I ran a finger along the scar on my throat.
“I know it’s late, but if you could get these-”
Holmes turned to study him. “I do believe that Fox is correct. We two do need to settle this.”
Watson gazed vacantly out of the window, barely registering the miles blurring past as the train flew south. In an effort to occupy his mind, he focused his magic, trying to see how many mages he could sense as the train passed. The number seemed to diminish as the train moved away from London.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, has anything weird happened lately?”
He stifled a laugh at that. I smiled in reply, turning my nose back to the wind. There was some spell brewing, but I couldn’t quite place it. It was just off enough that I couldn’t place it properly.
The priest nodded, accepting that. “Goodnight, Doctor.”
Watson nodded, ignoring Holmes’s pointed look. “And all the other children, as well?”
After dinner, I excused myself as the men retired to the smoking room. I found my way out to a manicured garden when I heard footsteps behind me. I half-turned, acknowledging Watson’s approach.
He dropped to the floor as Holmes’s fist made a swift contact with his jaw.
Watson sighed. “Oh, very well. I’ll go pack, and you can go warn your mother’s staff that we’re coming.”
Holmes sighed. “They’re good children, just…”
“Once I was inside that room, I was to be raped regularly, until I was pregnant.” I couldn’t stop the frisson of fear that went through me at the thought. “Once the pup was born, the process would repeat. I was expected to remain there until I either died in childbirth, or was no longer capable of breeding.”
“I’m Davy. Father Simeon said you needed a guide.”
I crept closer, trying to catch a glimpse of him. A priest. Black robes, white dog collar and all. I don’t know why I expected anything else, actually.
I laughed in reply, and was pleased to feel him start. <Not all that alone, Holmes.>
I spared one final thought for my belongings as I drifted off. I really hoped they didn’t touch my books. I enjoyed the stories of Sherlock Holmes, and I’d miss them if they took those from me.
“Don’t. I know what he’s like.”
There was a new mage, somewhere past the woods.
Davy sat up straight, waving excitedly.
The children ranged around him, with the villagers forming a ring around them as they listened.
He glanced around the pub, trying to spot the wolf hiding among the civilians. No luck. The villagers were paying no more attention to the pair than any group would to two strangers entering a pub at lunch. Wildly, he considered bolting, but the half-ignored words of his sylph gave him pause.
“Yes. Jim. I’d say that you’ll like him but I don’t want to lie to you. You’re really not going to like him and he doesn’t want you to, so…,” Moran said with shrug and a smile.
“Just joking, darling. Do me a favor love and on your way out, stop at 221B and make sure that Sherlock takes a nap. You know he’s all stressed trying to figure out where John is in that Mind Palace of his. Just call me when you’re done with Sherlock and I’ll call Mycroft.”
“Just get on with it,” John said as he stepped closer.
“I hope for your sake that that doesn’t happen. I’d hate to have to kill you and, unlike you, I don’t mind getting my hands dirty. In fact, I’d make a special exception in your case,” Sherlock smiled.
“Do you have everything ready?” Mrs Hudson asked, teary eyed.
“You don’t know, do you?” Mocked John.
“Not this one. Now go somewhere and calm down. This has nothing to do with you.”
“I hate him already,” John said.
“Wasn’t “the butler did it” a bit cliche?”
“You sure know how to make a guy feel special.”
“Right. Right. I’ve been eating food all of my life. Got it.”
“You think that I won’t kick your arse? If you’ve read about me, you’ll have already learned that I was only challenged once or twice when I first started in the army but it only took a couple of times for people to realize that it wasn’t a good idea to test their strength against mine. So. Where. Did. You. Get. That. Information.
“I don’t know why he won’t go away. He’s like a mother hen. So, where was the knife found?” Sherlock said, clearly talking to the person on the other end of the line. John could barely hear the reply; the volume having been turned down to avoid his listening it.
“Well, ok then. It’s settled. Expect a surprise tomorrow night,” Sebastian smiled and began whistling a cheerful tune as he walked away.
“Or what? Do you think that I’m careless enough to run around without protecting myself?” Moriarty raised a finger and a red dot appeared over Sherlock’s heart.
"Clever," Sherlock said sarcastically.
“Right. Ok. But…where do you get the idea that the killer’s familiar with Holi?” Lestrade asked.
“Oh, playing dirty,” John wheezed, “I didn’t know that was an option.” John threw an elbow back, nailing Sherlock between the ribs.
“Aren’t you forgetting something?” Jim said with a smile, eyes still closed.
“What?” John slid his palm over the head, encircling it in a loose hold.
“Ok. I’ll concede that point but it’s not personal to me. Just business,” John, hands in pockets, rocked back on his heels awaiting the next question.
“We don’t need to go over that again.” Sherlock interrupted.
“Right, pila.”
“Tell me more…” John said in a flat voice.
They grinned at each other.
Sherlock,
“Not if you keep numbing me!” Sherlock huffed.
Smiling, John said, “I was trying to be nice but I see that won’t work with you. Don’t say that I didn’t warn you,” John said, sweeping his leg around behind Sherlock’s and knocking him flat on his arse.
“Your ovaries will keep producing the hormones necessary to cause you to go into heat and create lubrication for easier…”
“There once was a detective who was a right proper cock. Never listened to anyone. Never did what he was told. Always got himself into trouble requiring his best friend…”
‘What the hell could be taking so long?!’ Sherlock thought again.
John Watson quickly knelt down next to the man but knew just by looking at him that it was already too late. Still, he checked for a pulse and finding none, yelled to the bouncer; “Call Emergency Medical Services and Scotland Yard!”
“You cheated!” Sherlock yelled, trying to buck John off of his back while simultaneously working on escaping the Velcro.
“No. Seems to be centered in my shoulder. You don’t understand how much this hurts!”
“Excellent!” Sherlock said, bending to retrieve his clothes.
“I don’t really think this is the time…”
“The idea of this one turns you on and you’re ashamed of it,” Sherlock smiled triumphantly.
“I’m not going to make you drink if you truly don’t want any.” John set the glass down.
“Think of the fun we could have, evading him,” Sherlock teased.
Without waiting for an answer, John grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s hair and dragged him to the bedroom floor; script fluttering down after him.
“Just, go lay face down on the bed. Put this towel beneath you to catch any blood,” John said, pulling a towel off the rack and handing it to Sherlock.
“Where, when, and how. Are you preparing to write an article?”
Following Sherlock, John shut the door quietly behind him and saw that he was lightly touching random objects in the room. The doilies that Mrs Hudson had crocheted to dress up the back of her couch. The light beside her favorite chair that was somehow still on. Clearly, no one had been here since the medics had been called and taken her away.
“How can I be stronger than a vampire?” John asked.
“I don’t care. What don’t you people get about me not caring. Get the salad tongs and yank that thing out.”
“Does that have any particular meaning?” John asked.
“No tunnels at Bart’s. We’ve already checked on that.”
“Just be gentle.”
“Now, we’re even. Should you hurt me again, just keep that in the back of your mind,” John said smugly.
“Now who’s being obtuse. I’m ravishing you,” John said, surprised at how fast he’d capitulated to doing something he’d never been interested in.
“I’m trying court a man not a deer. This doesn’t sound like John at all.” Sherlock said with a snort.
“I love you too, you huge arse.” John lay with Sherlock for a few more minutes before gently easing his arm from around him and sitting up.
Prologue
“I don’t care just get on with it!” Sherlock said, giving her a steely glare.
“At least move your left leg up to your chest.”
Sherlock checked the time on his mobile for the third time and sighed. Late again? Sherlock swore that if John wasn’t out of there by 2:30 at the latest, he was going in and getting him, the rules be damned!
While I appreciate that you’d like to think of me during your work hours, I think that I’d rather you thought of me at night without the coughing and runny noses around you. It’s not really my preferred idea of being considered however if that’s the only time that I can have you, I’ll take it.
Sherlock watched as John walked swiftly away from 221B, not even looking for a taxi.
“Overconfidence.”
“Ok, so long as you promise not to hurt me,” Anderson said, voice quivering.
“Yes, Gregory,” Mycroft said, throughly chastened, he meekly followed Lestrade away from the pair.
“You’re mine, Sherlock. Say it.”
“You’ve had sex…no. Not actual intercourse,” Mycroft said seeing that John was about to interrupt, “But the fact is that you have both exchanged blood with each other which…and let me put this in a way that even you can understand - sealed the deal. You might never have had intercourse but once you’ve both…” Mycroft paused, looking faintly sick. “Orgasmed and exchanged blood with your Soul Mate, you’re bound together. Didn’t Sherlock tell you that?”
“Possibly. Is it working?”
“No. He’s not new and from all the evidence we’ve gathered, it seems that he and John struck up a friendship several weeks ago. Apparently, Moran has been buying John coffee regularly. Usually it’s only hospital coffee but for some reason, last night Moran went to the shop across the street and bought two expensive coffees; one for each of them.”
Suddenly, a shadow blocked John’s light and he looked up to see a tall young man in a long coat with a mane of black, curly hair. Instantly feeling a chill run up his spine, both examined each other in an awkward silence for a few minutes.
“This is nuts.”
“No you won’t,” Sherlock said sleepily.
“I’ve already wasted more time on this than I have available so I’m afraid we’re going to have to save this, ah, discussion, for a later date.”
Gift giving.
- The first step in wooing your Omega is to start small. Omegas are easily startled and shouldn’t be overwhelmed with extravagant gifts.
The Doctor was now standing only an arms length away. He must have been too engrossed in his thoughts. That’s why he hadn’t noticed Watson move, he assured himself. It still left him with a slight feeling of unease.
“Forgetting about your stereotypical Alpha display, perhaps mentioning his inability to have children might have been a step too far.”
“I’m a doctor, I just want to check the mobility of that shoulder.”
“Should we go see who that is? It doesn’t sound like they’ve left yet.”
“Good. You may continue,” Sherlock said imperiously.
“Fine,” John said, giving up. Sherlock had to finish any second now so he’d just wait him out. The bastard.
Thursday 12:45am
“You promised he’d be safe in St Bart’s too. I told you that they’d just come in and take him. I told you that but you wouldn’t listen!”
“I get the general principle,” Sherlock made a dismissive gesture with his hand, “but that can’t be done without preparation, can it?”
“Don’t you worry about that. I’ll take care of it.”
“They’re hardly…”goons,” Doctor Watson. “They’re MI6 agents with orders to protect you at all cost.”
“Our parents have been happily married for decades. I assure you that we were both born consensually.” Mycroft loathed having to explain this to what was quickly seeming - in his opinion - to be a moron. Well, you can’t chose your Soul Mate. If Sherlock wanted this…this man, then Mycroft would make that happen. He didn’t have to be happy about it though.
“Really. How far off was I?” John asked.
“Sure I will. I’m your only link, albeit tenuous, to John. You’d be a fool to kill me but go ahead. I don’t mind,” Becca said, finishing with a disturbing smile and closing her eyes.
“I’m always careful!”
Completely yours,
“No,” Sherlock replied petulantly, clutching his mobile to his chest.
“Yes, John.”
“I don’t want you meeting with him again,” John said angrily.
“Awe. Honey. Don’t be that way. I’m here as an emissary for that asshole, Moriarty.”
“I think that John’s about to educate Anderson in the error of his ways.”
“I saw enough to know that while it might be a little uncomfortable, I’ll be able to handle it. Easily,” Sherlock said giving John a smug look.
With love,
“Doctor Watson. I apologize for running into you while in pursuit of a criminal. I wasn’t paying attention and it was completely my fault that you re-injured your shoulder.” Sherlock said, waiting impatiently for an answer.
“Is he always an arse?” John asked.
“I believe that John is going to teach Anderson a lesson.”
John felt a chill go up his back and looked around. That was just freaky. Had Mrs Hudson had a premonition that she was going to die? ‘Right John,’ he thought sarcastically, ‘She knew she was going to have a massive coronary but had time to bake a dozen scones and write you a note. Must be someone playing tricks.’
“I’m feeling feverish again. Bring that thermometer with you, would you?”
“He assured me that he could handle himself and I had no reason to doubt him.”
“Honestly, Sherlock. I don’t think you can make it home like this. You can barely stand up straight, much less walk all the way to Baker Street. We could hail a cab…”
“Don’t think that that sad voice is going to work on me!” John said as he entered the loo and walked into a wall of smoke to find Sherlock sitting on the side of the tub, chain smoking. The commode seat up and filled with cigarette butts.
“No. I’d just forgotten for a moment. This is quite a change in my lifestyle not to mention my life in general.” John’s eyes rolled to the back of his head as Sherlock slowly traced a path along his carotid artery with his tongue - collar bone to earlobe.
"But a very unimportant one and not beneficial to our species." Mycroft said slyly.
“Well, because I wanted to talk to you about having sex!” Becca said eagerly.
“Who is it and why did you answer it?! Busy!” Sherlock said, annoyed.
The first thing that Sherlock noticed as he began searching the lab was an odor he hadn’t expected: Vampire! Then he smelled blood and knew that it was John’s. He began searching for the source of the blood and found a bin with two empty coffee cups, two used syringes, which should have been disposed of in the sharps box, and wads of bloody gauze. They’d obviously been left there for him to find.
“Well, too late to do anything about that now.”
“”Hurt your hand"? Hurt YOUR hand?! What about my anus?”
If you like it, throw me a Kudo, I'd be much obliged.
He’d figured that the anger had stemmed from being invalided out from the service but his therapist, Ella, had told him that she felt he had past traumas from childhood that he’d never dealt with. John had just laughed in her face and told her that he was there for the emotional therapy that the military required all injured and decommissioned service members to attend once they’d gone home. He was there to address that one thing and be cleared to leave.
“The script didn’t give a total but I think that 20 smacks should be sufficient. Wouldn’t want to wear this hand out.” He waved the same hand in Sherlock’s face. “I’m going to need it for later.”
“You didn’t specify the color. Doesn’t it matter?” John asked.
As promised, John was open for business in the morning,  and shagged Sherlock rotten.
“Yes…?” John had taken Sherlock in hand and was alternately squeezing his cock and stroking it.
“You acted like you knew.”
“It allows for some improvisation…” John said, a smile clearly in his voice.
“Sherlock, please, I’m trying to sleep.”
“I…don’t know, Sherlock. I’m just trying to find a polite way of saying that you’re not putting that monster cock up my arse.”
“None of your business!” Sherlock exclaimed and pushed his back against the door, effectively slamming it in John’s face. John could swear that he heard voices again.
Saturday 4am
“CHRIST!”
“Sherlock! Where are you? You’re looking for those cigarettes again, aren’t you?” Mrs Hudson said confidently.
John entered 221 first, glancing quickly at the door to Mrs Hudson’s flat then away. What used to be Mrs Hudson’s flat, he reminded himself, and began the slow walk up the stairs to the flat that he shared with Sherlock, who’d followed him in.
“What did I just say?”
“You’re a single Alpha. Where’s your Omega…”
Sherlock began running after him, stiffening cock thwacking painfully back and forth against his thigh.
“Which is just as well because you’ve winnowed my staff down to just one man who is willing to fulfill your fantasy. Actually, he’s looking forward to it.”
John felt Sherlock’s tongue slowly glide along his main artery again and leaned his head back to allow better access.
“You’ve stopped. Why are you stopping?” John asked sounding a bit anxious.
— GL”
I don’t expect that the bells will be necessary as I’m already familiar with your handsome countenance and I assure you that you already have my full attention.
Sherlock pressed his hips against John’s and could feel his arousal. He slid his clothed cock against John’s who was quickly wondering what was so wrong with being gay.
“Becca! John might be dying and you’re making jokes. Come on!” Sebastian said, hurrying back to where John remained unconscious.
“Let’s look then, shall we? You first.”
Then one day Lawrence had shoved John down so hard that he’d struck his head against the wall leaving a huge lump on the back of his head. There was no one else around but Harriet, who was Lawrence’s favorite person - even over his mum and dad - and he looked at her nervously to see what she would do. Instead of being angry, she began to laugh. A laugh that grew louder and louder and that’s when Lawrence realized something in his little toddler heart; John was fair game.
I have fun writing notes sometimes because I doubt that anyone reads them. Yes. It's true. My idea of fun is boring! ;)
“Another time, my love. I doubt he’ll be in the mood to play tonight.”
John felt Sherlock’s forehead noting that his temperature was now slightly reduced.
“That’s one way of looking at it,” John said sarcastically.
“Yes?” John’s head poked out from the bathroom door.
The last thing that John saw was Sebastian smiling down on him as he finished closing the drawer. Then everything suddenly went black and he knew no more.
After opening the container with the allegedly (John hoped) sterilized equipment, Sebastian went to the sink, thoroughly washed his hands, then donned surgical gloves. John really wished someone had helped him put those on.
John decided to just ignore the entire…seduction conversation and move on to the thing that he was most interested in; how did Sherlock know so much about him after only having just met him.
“I’m sorry. I should have asked if you were ok. I, um, got lost in the role and might have gotten a bit carried away.”
“Go fix the Doctor, don’t dawdle. I’ll keep her warm for you,” Irene reached down and held her naked vagina in her hand. Throwing her head back, Irene moaned;
“Don’t you find me attractive, Sherlock?”
“Any rules that I should be aware of?” John asked.
“You’re joking. You actually believe in vampires and whatever the hell this Dhamphir thing is?” John asked, laughter still in his voice.
“You said that was the last piece. You’re done and I know I’m done. Thank you for your work, I couldn’t have done it without you.”
John helps Sherlock with his colors.
“No. Sorry to disappoint you but no werewolves,” Sherlock said sardonically.
“You will, son. Trust me.” The doctor smiled at him as John reached down and picked up his bag.
“Bring home some Chinese tonight. We haven’t had that in awhile. He, or she, would make a lovely appetizer to the main course.”
“I think I’ll call him ‘Johnny.’ What do you think, Seb? You’re always so good with these nicknames.” Moriarty asked, briefly removing the tubing from between his lips. Jim had been casually sipping from the IV connected to John’s Port for over an hour now and Seb was beginning to worry about John’s survival. At the rate that Jim was drinking, John likely wouldn’t last for much longer.
Lifting his head, he said, “Sherlock?”
“I see that the patrons seem to be back in the pub, with the exception of the owner and…,” Lestrade gave the muscle bound man a brief glance, “what seems to be the bouncer. Has anyone left since the body was discovered?” Lestrade asked the bouncer.
“Oh no! I gave you my cup of coffee. Let’s switch, I swear that I don’t have cooties.” Sebastian laughed as he tried to hand his coffee to John.
“Moriarty? Through what?” John repeated in a near whisper.
John forced a smile and said, “Hey, that’d be perfect! Can’t kill what’s already dead.” John laughed but felt himself die inside just a little bit more.
"I do love your mind," John laughed.
“Chemistry? We’re Mated! Our relationship is biologically determined. You can’t just walk away from that.”
He was distinctly uncomfortable with the details of Doctor Watson’s…skill. Not that he was a prude really, but he didn’t want to think about cock sucking while on a case or any time really. He’d merely asked out of curiosity. He was married to his work and his cock was basically dormant at this point in his life and he wanted to keep it that way.
“‘Ok?’”
“Do…do Dhamphirs drink blood?” John asked, feeling slightly queasy.
Sighing in surrender, Sherlock leaned back and closed his eyes.
There was a huge sigh over the line.
“Well, that was quite a fall he took. How did it happen?” The doctor asked, looking at Mr Watson who instantly replied;
Edits only.
“Didn’t see that in here.” John began rummaging through the box, the sound of its contents rattling loudly in the expectant quiet of the room.
John,
“If John isn’t already a corpse,” Sherlock muttered under his breath.
“I’m right here. No need to yell,” John said from the doorway.
John stood staring at Sherlock, one glove already on, pausing in the act of putting on the second.
“Better than what?”
Will looked up from where he was filling a bowl with pretzels and looked in the direction John had just addressed. There was no one…suddenly the door opened and in strode a tall man with curly dark hair who made a beeline for John’s table and, uninvited and without a word, sat down.
“Who’s in charge now?” John asked.
“Just wait a minute, Sherlock. I want to showoff my skills. It’s not often that I get to impress anyone on a crime scene without using my physician’s skills.”
Friday
"Roses are red,
“Ok. That’s enough. I can’t take it anymore. Hook up an IV and get some fluids into him so that we can flush that god awful sedative out as quickly as possible,” Moriarty handed the tube to Moran.
“My work is important…” Sherlock began.
“Don’t sneak up on me like that again. You might not like what happens next time.”
“Oh. Oh. Of course. I don’t really think of the plant at all.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John but continued his list.
“Oh pooh. You’re no fun. Ok but it’s only going to make you mad.”
“Looking forward to it,” John said, walking in the opposite direction.
“I heard that,” John called from the living room.
Placing a hand on one of Sherlock’s cheeks to stop him from moving, John removed his hand followed quickly by returning the speculum to its original size and removing it. Throwing it into the bin, he tore off the surgical gloves, pulling them inside out, pitching them into the bin as well.
“Well, a drink would be good…what about that nutter?”
“Not at all, sir. I’ll prep a syringe and have it ready and waiting for you if I’m gone too long and you get peckish waiting for me.” Moran said, trying to placate his boss.
“Eww! Cold blood, Moron, really? And you’re worried about a little chit chat killing him?”
“Oh. Does it? I wouldn’t know.” John looked at Sherlock and lied right to that gorgeous face.
“Why? What was so important that you had to meet with that…that monster?!”
“Are you listening?” John asked.
John had closed his mouth by now but he sat, despite his mind’s unwillingness to do so, suddenly beginning to connect a few truths in the story. But his father would never have raped his sister. It was preposterous!
“Oh?” Sherlock sat up looking worriedly at John.
“I hadn’t thought you a dullard, John, but you’re rapidly changing my mind.”
“That was easy. I just told each one independent of the others, that they were the best I’d ever had. That I’d suck their cocks for free if they promised not to tell the others. Easy. I told them that if they spilled the secret, no more blow jobs from me in private OR the at the brothel. They readily agreed. It fed into their belief that they were somehow better than other people, including each other.”
“And what’s that supposed to mean?”
“I knew it! Fucking Becca!” Mycroft took a quick look around to make sure that no one had come into the flat and heard him lower himself to using vulgar language. Safe.
"So, you know who he is. Go catch him yourself. You don't need my help. What brings you here now?"
“That we’re performing the script now and nothing I say will change that.” Sherlock said sounding utterly defeated.
“Uh huh. Ok. We’ll come back to that one later…”
“What are you going to do? Have the Yard arrest me? I leave no evidence - unless I choose to, as you already know, and even if I did, Scotland Yard would be so confused that nothing would come of it,” Moriarty laughed. “Why, I could probably murder Watson right in front of their building and get away with it. Wouldn’t that be fun!”
“Yes, but…”
“You know that thing that you do that I usually quite enjoy?” Sherlock said looking at John expectantly.
This feels like sloppy writing. I'm rushing myself because I'm impatient for John Sherlock to meet. Don't you just hate impatient people?
“Well, I really appreciate it. I enjoy talking with you as well,” John said.
“I’m older than I look,” Sherlock said.
“Awe. Wittle man embarrassed by the big, scary blood warmer?” Becca laughed.
“Jim, are you…you’re high. Did you use that last syringe after I told you not to?” Sebastian admonished.
“I let you catch me!” Sherlock exclaimed.
Sherlock kept turning the crime scenes over and over in his head. He had an almost photographic memory but he still had a desperate need to touch, feel, and see things. He used these things in combination with technology with very satisfactory results.
“That’s…that’s a line directly to my heart. Why?”
"Not now, Mrs Hudson!" John and Sherlock called out in unison but she'd already opened the door and stood looking at them, plate of biscuits in hand.
Sherlock began rolling up his sleeving looking like nothing so much as a lost child. John’s heart ached for him as he injected the contents of the syringe into his arm and folded it up against Sherlock’s chest.
“Right behind you, Jim.” Moran said, hurrying along to keep up with his master leaving John alone once again.
“I know. Come on, lay down.” John helped Sherlock back into bed. “You’ll feel much better after a nap.”
“I need to use the loo. Am I allowed to do that?” Sherlock asked sarcastically.
“Why would they do that?”
“Irene,” Becca growled.
“It means that I took wrestling in high school and I’m about to crush you between my thighs like a grape.”
“‘Mister Happy?’” Sherlock asked.
“I’m agreeing to be in a committed relationship with you.”
“Alright, fine. You’re not as stupid as the average human. Satisfied?”
He returned his gaze to the sleeping Sherlock.
“Really?” John smiled.
“Barkeep, I’d like to settle John’s tab before I drag this dumb arse kicking and screaming from your establishment.”
“With EVERYTHING about Dhamphirs and then work your way forwards. Don’t leave anything out. And then you can explain to me how SOMEONE had enough authority to forbid the CHIEF coroner from working for a week.”
“Oooh k,” John said cautiously.
"Is he still unknown or does he have a name?” Sherlock said, feigning a casual interest.
"I won't be losing! This is a stupid game but it's not random. I just haven't figured out your pattern yet."
“I…think…,” John opened his eyes and looking up at Moriarty, continued, “that by my estimate, at the rate you’re drinking my blood, I probably won’t last for more than a day, two at best, so I couldn’t give two fucks what you call me.” John’s eyelids slowly lowering as if he was too exhausted to keep them open.
“Yes. I’m aware of that fact. You do remember that Doctor Watson is an Omega, yes?”
“I’m a vampire, Sherlock,” John huffed.
“He does! He wants your sexy arse! Looks like I’m not the only one who enjoys watching you bend over.” John teased.
“Really? And what, pray tell, were you going to ask?”
“It was a dark and stormy night…”
“You’re not my type. I prefer my partners sane.” Sherlock said, standing again, the laser following him.
“No, sir!”
“Don’t you dare!”
"He's cheating somehow! I just haven't caught him at it yet!"
“Clients,” Sherlock corrected automatically, “of John Watson. Each of them had at least two standing appointments each to, ah, avail themselves of his services.”
“Ok. That’s enough. I need to stop this,” Lestrade said, taking a step forward.
John tried to sit up and without turning around, Sebastian continued washing his hands and said;
“I’ll behave. I won’t ask questions and I won’t complain. Please. Please stop,” Sherlock pleaded.
“Good! Good! That’s…great, actually,” Sherlock said practically giddy planning their lives ten years ahead.
Just then came the clear sound of the front door being opened.
“Good!” Sebastian said, taking a big gulp of his coffee.
From what Sherlock had been able to cobble together from Molly’s ramblings, the basic requirement of convincing someone that your intentions were sincere involved pretending to be everything that the other person thought they wanted. She’d called this the “honeymoon period.” Once you’d moved in together, you could be yourself again.
“Sherlock has logic and facts on his side. That’s an almost impossible combination to beat. I doubt you’ll last through the end of the week before we’re packing you up to move.” Mycroft said, turning to leave.
“Is this it?” John asked with a smile.
“Sir. Why do you let a couple of arse bandits tell us how to do our job?” Anderson began.
"No you didn't but I find that I don't care one way or the other at the moment. Ah!" Sherlock threw his head back, his moaning increasing in volume.
“Them…” John kissed his way to Sherlock’s earlobe and lightly traced it with his tongue before sucking on it gently.
John took a step forward.
Taking a look at John, Sherlock said, “Raincheck? I won’t fight a defenseless man,” Sherlock finished.
Sherlock and John stood there, open mouthed, watching Lestrade and Anderson leave. They turned to each other.
“Well, obviously I called them when you were busy drinking and told them that you were no longer interested in the position.” Sherlock smiled.
“They were,” John replied.
“Of course I do!” Sherlock huffed.
“Then why are you asking me something to which you already know the answer?” Mycroft asked, sounding a bit condescending.
“What?”
“No. He has a specialty and I don’t have anyone who comes close to his level of proficiency in that area.”
“Anderson has a crush on you!” John said in sing song tone of voice.
They’d reached the door and were just about to knock when they heard loud voices coming from inside the flat.
“It’ll take as long as it takes, Sherlock. I have nowhere to be today and I’m relaxing. Go find something to do with yourself.” John went back to reading his paper.
I would love to have you over to my flat on Friday night at 6pm. Please come if convenient and let me know what your favorite dish is and I will order it for you. Sadly, I’m not much of a cook.
“Don’t you want me to suck you’re cock? I’m very good. Very, very good.”
I’m glad that you like the stethoscope and I’m sure it will help you in your daily work.
“I’ll fix us some tea, alright?” John said, turning towards the kitchen.
“Still, it seems to be more than that. Although you were often on the frontline repairing soldiers as soon as they were injured - with an almost preternatural success rate - your work up said that you were calm under pressure and could take anything thrown at you so I seriously doubt that your fear of being approached unexpectedly from behind is related to your time in the service. It seems fairly ingrained. Rough childhood, eh?” Sherlock finished.
“I. Don’t. Care. Get it out now, if you please!”
“That was the most fantastic sexual experience of my life! I’ll never forget it!”
“There. We agree,” John said and began lubing up his cock.
“…that the butler did it?” John smiled.
Sherlock slid his trousers down and waited.
“We were working on a case! You said you needed me.”
“Well…wait. What?! Lestrade was watching us too?!”
“And then a vampire saw a beautiful human female and decided that he had to have her. The woman didn’t agree. The vampire didn’t care. Nine months later, the first Dhamphir was born but the mother didn’t survive the childbirth as is most often the case.”
“I’ve said it before.” Sherlock tilted his head back so that John could continue marking his territory.
“Stop! Bend over,” John gave Sherlock a shove in the middle of his back to emphasize his demand.
“The work is everything. I don’t care about anything else.”
“Caught Moriarty already? I’m impressed,” Mycroft said by way of a greeting.
“Just let me do it,”  John said impatiently, setting the jelly aside, he spread Sherlock’s thighs just shy of discomfort. He didn’t want Sherlock’s thighs suddenly snapping shut due to fatigue, after all.
Seb went to the corpse and dragged him easily by the collar, depositing the body three feet from the pub door. Opening it he loudly asked; “Is there a doctor in the house? It’s an emergency!” In his best imitation of someone who actually gave a damn. The he joined Jim across the street to stand in the shadows and waited for the fun to begin.
“Of course. It all makes perfect sense. See you next time, John!” Will said, waving at John.
“I won’t be long.” She turned back to John and held his hand while the doctor left the room closing the curtain quietly behind him, a look of pure disgust on his face.
“Even if that were true, why would you care?” Sherlock asked, knowing that he was in dangerous waters here.
“Oh. And John?” Sherlock called out.
“What’s number 87?” Lestrade asked, puzzled.
“Since it’s so obviously on display, let’s start with your temper. You were abused as a child...what did I just say? Keep quiet.
“Now, you’re probably wondering why I didn’t dry my hands off. Well, I couldn’t use tools but there was nothing forbidding hand washing. Did you know that being slapped with a wet hand is exponentially more painful than being slapped with a dry one? Here, allow me to demonstrate.”
“Ugh. You’re doing that thing again. That I HATE! In case you need a reminder. Stop whining my name!” John snapped.
“Oh god! More!” And so John gave him more, and more, and more…and Sherlock didn’t complain about pain once, until he came. That’s when the real complaining began but John was very mellow by then and so he just let Sherlock drone on, and on, and on, and on…
It was only two days before they shared a bed. Watson was completely blissed out, and Holmes was gloating like an idiot. Watson kissed him to shut him up.
"Brother dear, I know that you fully intend to go up to the country to our parents. Do you wish to simply walk there? Or perhaps you intend to grow wings?" Mycroft opened the door and Sherlock sighed, having no real strength to fight with his brother at the moment. He got into the car, but sat down as far as possible from Mycroft and stared out of the window. "You shouldn't have lied to him, Sherlock. You should have be honest to him. I've talked with Gregory. I hope that John will get back to you." Sherlock had his eyes pressed shut again, trying to block the voice of his brother out.
"Oh, and I'm not damaged?" Sherlock blurt out. "You know what? I'm sick of it. I tell you that you are the perfect man for me but you can't accept it. Make up your mind. Stay or go..."
Sherlock moved over to the small table inside the bedroom and searched for pen and paper. When he found it, he started to write.
"Why would I joke about something like this, John? I mean it... You are better than me."
Victoria shook her head at her older son and head upstairs after Sherlock. She knocked softly and opened his old bedroom door to find Sherlock laying facedown on his bed. "Oh, Sherl." She tutted, walking over to him and sitting on his bed's edge. "Whatever happened between you and John, I am sure it'll get right again. Just believe me." Sherlock huffed out a laugh and murmured into the pillow. Victoria Holmes wasn't really able to understand the full sentence, but she heard enough to make at least a bit sense out of it. "He loves you. He will allow you to come back to him. Just give him time."
More Drunk!John!
Sherlock followed John into the kitchen. "I've cooked for you many times, and each time you said it was delicious." Sherlock sat down on one of the chairs, clearing his throat. "But are the better cook, that's for sure."
"I am loathe to admit that I do not know. But... I want another chance."
And? -JW
John nodded. "Mmhnn." He stood up slowly and the room spun around him. "Well..." He huffed and raised his eyebrows. "I liked this talk."
What the hell is going on? -JW
wear it... Just for
John frowned. "You have to promise me that you won't go back to drugs."
Sherlock Holmes knew he was a man out of his time. Somehow, he remembered who he had been. How he had lived. He missed his Watson. So much...
He felt himself being lifted up a bit and a glass of water put to his lips. He swallowed a few mouthfuls and the pill that Doctor Watson gave him.
John opened his photo album in the phone, and flipped through his pictures, making odd faces in reaction to some of them, smiling at some others. "You..." He sighed and lifted his hands to his face. "Why do you put up with me?" He looked up at the other slowly with a shaky smile. "And what made you decide that things should be different?" He tilted his head. "Or was it my idea?" He hated that he didn't know what was going on, but a warmth spread through his body as he realized what this meant... Sherlock was back... and he was staying. If he stayed through six months of living with an anterograde amnesiac... "I'm sorry I don't remember..."
And annoying you enough that you had to shut off your phone at work. SH
decision. Not just yours."
STOP BEING BORING SH
"It's going to happen again, Sherlock, and it's stupid to keep believing that it won't!" John shouted, "It's
"He jus' needs time is all." John sighed. "Las' time... You said i' was two weeks ago?" He took a swig from his beer, feeling oddly at ease now despite the issues he was talking about. "It obviously didn't stick." He huffed. "Bu' now... Now I'll lock m'self away so he'll have to deal with it."
Greg moved away from John's hand and stared at him. "Maybe you won't forget. Maybe you have to get another examination. Don't give up so quickly John." He sighed. "Either way you go back voluntarily or I'll drag you to him and handcuff you to Sherlock..."
I got a job and oh my god is my life BUSY.
"What did you call me?"
"Oh... I almost forgot!" Sherlock stood up quickly and walked into his bedroom, and John heard some things being moved around for a few minutes. Sherlock returned with a small smile on his face, holding a  small brown box out to John.
with you without being afraid I'm going to forget you the next day."
." John swallowed.
"I don't think that little of you, Sherlock... I think that highly of you." John reached over and cupped Sherlock's face gently. "I know you're too much of a genius to be able to live without the rush..." He sighed. "I think it should be a part time thing. I'll still be here- be
It took him a short while to find a cab, but when he got one, John read out the address and the cabbie turned around with a strange expression on his face. "You realize that's going to cost you a fortune, right?" John nodded and sighed, saying that he had enough money to pay for it and just wanted a comfortable ride. So John ended up sitting in the back of a cab for two hours as he drove out of London and through some of the countryside.
This is the seventh time you forgot me. -SH
I never accused you of being a monkey. SH
Inside the box, John found a handmade leather-bound journal, underneath which was a set of dog togs.
Sherlock groaned when he noticed the black car pulling up the curb. He pressed his hand to his eyes and stepped forward, waiting for the tinted window to roll down. "Bugger off, Mycroft. I'm not interes-"
It's a /need/ -JW
Holmes smiled at him, his exhaustion not dimming his mind. "You kissed me."
John walked over to the door to Sherlock's bedroom. He still thought of it as Sherlock's and not theirs, so he looked over at Sherlock. "Can I...?"
John smiled at the obvious juvinility to the other man's manner of speech. "Yeah, it does." He sighed and tucked his hands into his pockets. "Every time I forget I get suicidal again..." He paused. "Well, actually..." He looked down at the floor as they passed an orderly. "I don't think it sounds so bad at the moment, which is scaring me a bit."
For all of the differences of the eras, he must say that he preferred the 1800s for the availability of his poison of choice. Though the 21st century was certainly enjoyable for the technology it offered.
I can't make any promises, but I REALLY hope to get back to this, as my RPs have picked up again and I seem to have gotten back my writing muse.
A few minutes later, John walked into the bar. His eyes skimmed the room before his eyes fell on Lestrade and he smiled slightly, walking over to him. "Greg," he sighed as he sat down, and picked up the beer to take a drink, turning to face Lestrade. "What the hell am I supposed to do?"
"John? What are you going on about?" Sherlock frowned at John.
Sherlock returned the smile as he looked at John. "It's most endearing that you're so shy at the moment. Even though I know you're most certainly not."
So? SH
"How is this possible?" John groaned, rubbing his hands over his face. "I
I'm SH
Being a right git? SH
"I know."
John took the bag from the other man, and put it to his mouth, forcing his breathing to slow, concentrating on the bag. When he regulated his breathing to a normal rate, he lowered it slowly. "That's not possible! I can't..." He bit his lip and ran his hand through his hair. "I can't believe I would forget such a thing..." He looked at the other man intensely. "What else have I forgotten?" He let out a shaky breath, his eyes stinging slightly.
John woke up a few hours later (6 pm) with a splitting headache. He groaned as he opened his eyes and pulled his arm out of the covers to check what time it was. Now he wasn't going to be able to fall asleep tonight. Great. John pulled off the cover and peered around the room, his head throbbing. Yeah, he wasn't going to be able to function with this. He stumbled into the bathroom and rooted around the medicine cabinet for an alka-seltzer and then head to the kitchen to pour himself a drink. Now he remembered the second reason he tended not to drink: he got the worst hangovers. He popped the alka-seltzer into the glass and watched it fizz before downing it in two gulps. He shook his head in an attempt to clear it, but merely succeeded in making the room tilt a bit. "Great." He groaned as he stepped back into the living room, waiting for the pain to abate. He stepped over to the bedroom, a vague memory of something do to with the bed sticking out. "Sherlock? You here?" He spoke softly, hoping Sherlock would do the same.
"Sometimes things like this happen. You can't do anything against it, they just...happen." Sherlock sighed and looked down. "Maybe... Maybe we need some time apart from each other. To get our heads clear. I have no idea what to do, what's the best at the moment."
(as if this wasn't drama to begin with.)
John groaned and ran his hands through his hair. "I need..." He frowned. "I dunno wha' I need, but I need it." He looked up at Lestrade, his head wobbling a bit. "I love him so much." John reached up and touched the dog tags that he was wearing under his shirt, and pulled them out, showing them to Lestrade. "He gave me these today." He smiled, and ran his finger over the ring absently. "The ring was mine though... I think."
Calm down, take deep breaths, okay? Don't panic. Sit down and take deep breaths. -SH
John smirked. "You look good with a bit of color," he teased. "So no, I shan't stop."
Sherlock smiled at that, and John sat down to his plate, pulling it closer to himself. He started eating slowly, and his eyes drifted to where he had left his ring the night before, and frowned. "Did you...?" He jerked his chin towards the now-empty spot on the table.
Greg followed John and moved quickly over to his friend, wrapping his arm around his shoulders to keep him up on his feet. "Come on, I'll get you home."
Revelations and tea with a long-dead friend.
Sorry for the extended absence. :/
"But I can't stay here without you. I can't stay here in this building in this flat... Not without you being close to me." He murmured.
"I'd love a cuppa, thank you, John." Sherlock sighed and stood up slowly, following John into the kitchen. "Please just stay calm, okay?'
He blinked his eyes open and groaned as he remembered the night before. Well shit.
John meets up with Greg at their usual pub, John gets drunk, heart to heart ensues.
"Well..." Sherlock shrugged, blushing softly. "If you want me to be honest, I cried after reading them."
Sherlock smirked. "Happily."
"Well, I said that I would be busy and I was busy being dead. But I really couldn't tell you that, right? So I told you that I wouldn't be there because of your friends."
Not exactly -JW
Why would you? SH
"Sherlock." He said simply. "In response to your calling me John."
When they reached their parent's home, Sherlock practically jumped out of the car. He bolted inside of his childhood home and up to his old room.
Hey! *waves*
ANSWER SH
"Don't... John, don't hide your feelings away. Your face just hardened. You seem like you're locking them away. Don't do it."
His mother was standing in the doorway and furrowed her eyebrows. "What's wrong with him, Mikey?" She asked as Mycroft stepped closer.
John nodded slowly and walked over to Sherlock, placing his hand on the other's face gently, feeling quite awkward. This was new to him. He was used to hiding his feelings for Sherlock, and now... he could show it. "Thank you." He swallowed and lowered his hand, stepping away from Sherlock slowly. He walked over to the bathroom and peered inside, looking for his bathrobe. When he saw that it was hanging on a hook, he closed the door behind himself and started showering.
Sherlock grinned at him impishly. "Says who?"
John opened the door and stepped in. "I was thinking..." He walked over to the night table and picked up his ring, looking at it thoughtfully for a moment before speaking, "I was wondering if you'd be willing to be my boyfriend."
[three hours later] I had to shut my phone and I missed an important call -JW
John swallowed and looked at him.
John closed his eyes, savoring the feeling of Sherlock's hand. "Shut up... You're making me blush..." He but his lip as he kept his eyes closed, sighing slightly, "I'm so happy right now."
He stared up in the ceiling and slowly the events of the previous night filtered into his consciousness and he groaned. He sat up and ran his fingers through his hair and looked around his room. He slid out of bed and headed for the shower, the whole time the thought "He lied to you he lied to you he lied to you" playing over and over in his head.
He snapped his phone shut and slid it across the counter away from him. That was really
No. I'm sorry I said it at all. SH
But no -JW
John sat forward on his chair, leaning on his elbows as he took another sip, and nodded. "I remember thinking of different ways... Before I texted you, I was looking around for... Well, you know." He inclined his head slightly. "I was certain you were still gone..." He frowned as he played with a strange ring around his finger. "I was so sure of it..." He trailed off, looking at it curiously as he set his tea down.
John picked up his hand slowly to touch the side of Sherlock's face. Then, in a flash, he leaned in and kissed him gently on the lips.
I need help. I saw him - JW
John and Sherlock discuss the probability of getting John into a ward while in bed.
John smiled slightly. "It's a force of habit." He sighed, "I think..." He cleared his throat. "I think the ward should be a part-time thing. So you can have a normal life some of the time." He took Sherlock's hand again. "This way we can be sure that I won't kill myself, and you can still take the cases that make you happy." He looked down. "You could visit me, and take me out. And when things to well, I could come home for spells." He couldn't believe he was talking about this so logically. So... plainly.
"No." He shook his head. "I can't stay here. If we break up, I'll leave. I will leave London and most probably the UK. I can't stay here." Sherlock shook his head again.
John stared at the door as it closed in his face. Well. That was. This was. It was a lot to process. He groaned and walked back to the living room, wanting to take his tea. And that was when he noticed... his cane was leaning up against the side of his chair.
John huffed and stood up. "I'm making some tea. Will you take some?"
ENTERTAIN ME NOW SH
wish I did." The kettle started whistling, and John quickly poured the water into the cups. "We looked so happy..." He reached into another cabinet for the tea bags, and couldn't find it. "The tea?" He turned to Sherlock questioningly. "Did you move it?"
SHERLOCK -JW
"Yes. A thousand times yes." John smiled sadly. "I don't want to be there indefinitely... Only... so that we can be sure I won't kill myself when I forget." He furrowed his brow. "And what on earth would I ever keep from you?"
was going on. He heard the door open, and he stood up. He turned around slowly, holding his breath. When he saw who it was by the door, he let out his breath in a whoosh, with a small moan. "That's... not possible." Everything spun.
I'm sorry. SH
John reached his other hand over, running his hand through Sherlock's curls absentmindedly. "Am I seeing a doctor for it?" He stopped briefly. "Come to think of it, am I still working?" He resumed playing with Sherlock's hair. "Do you like this, by the way? I don't know any of your likes and dislikes now... It's driving me mad."
"No. You never wrote me anything. But I found the letters you wrote to me when I was 'dead'. I know that I wasn't supposed to read them, but I was too curious."
I annoyed you until you threatened to leave. SH
John shook his hand and his mouth dropped open. "So you're-"
jOhN SH
He held himself back from writing exactly which facility it was. He had left the address on the table in the kitchen next to his phone, along with a note to Sherlock:
[no answer]
"Well..." He shook his head, chuckling softly. "I pickpocketed him as a homeless person and got him to chase into an abandoned warehouse. I pulled off my costume to reveal myself, and yes, he punched me. Broke my nose actually. And then he hugged me like a long lost son."
"You remember then." Sherlock sighed again, taking a deep breath. "I don't know." His voice shook slightly, as if his very body refused to admit that he didn't know something. "I don't know what to do. Do you want to leave?"
"Of course you are." He snapped. "But for once, I will tear your energies away from the most
John rest his head in his hands again, running his fingers through his hair. "I don't know. I don't know. I don't fucking know..." John muttered and then he looked up. "Because it's in reference to me... And I care that you're going through this... You don't deserve this, you deserve better. So it's
Watson flushed deeply and pushed himself to his feet. "I don't know what you're talking about.'
"Shit..." John murmured as he looked down at Sherlock's wrists. He slowly took the other's hands and rubbed the scars with his thumbs. "We make a right healthy couple, don't we?" He looked up at Sherlock slowly. "I love you..." He whispered, his stomach flipping as he said it. "You're beautiful and perfect and you have the sexiest voice I have ever heard." Lord, it felt good to finally be able to say it, though he had most probably said all that before.
"Are you bloody serious? You want to lock yourself away and really break up with him?" He took a deep breath and looked at the doctor. "You're a bloody idiot, John. Don't do it, really. Stay with him. Please."
"I said," Holmes said firmly, looking up at him. "The 'suit' that you are referring to is barely proper enough for a dinner with
"I never have seen scars. Or maybe... I didn't want to see them..."
John. SH
Because I found my cigarettes? Bit petty, don't you think? SH
Fine -JW
"I will always love you. No matter what, John. You're not weak. You are very strong and I love you so very much." Sherlock pulled the blanket over him. "It's not a weakness to go into a ward. And I won't send you away, okay? I just think that that might help you better."
John huffed. "Says me. We can't jus-"
"I know that it's strange and I don't expect anything from you, John. I know about your feelings for me, because they are quite easy to see, quite easy to deduce, actually." Sherlock explained slowly. "Why don't you go to bed and sleep on it?"
Sherlock let himself, being moved by John and locked his gaze with John's. "That's good. That's very good, because I don't want you to leave me. Ever."
Sherlock stayed silent for a couple of minutes. "Why does it matter now, John? You were about to go. You were about to leave. I was afraid, I was scared, so I shut my mouth. I thought it would be the best, because I couldn't stand the expression when you'd get to know about all this. I thought it would keep you with me."
Cecil was introduced to him by Franklin. Apparently Cecil was selectively mute. He was the only one at the table John was sitting at with bandages around his arms from attempting to kill himself.
"I have?" He asked, tilting his head, moving to sit on the bed. "How have I changed?"
"No..." He breathed out. "I'll stay at home with you, follow you, make sure you always know, that I always know when you are texting me. I don't want you to get the feeling to be locked away from me."
Sherlock huffed. "Are you offering me your bed, Doctor Watson?"
I hope you guys are enjoying!
John groaned and threw his head back to look at the ceiling. "I dunno..." The truth was, more than anything he wanted to go back to Sherlock and be done with this. Learn everything he forgot and keep going with their lives. But he still felt like he would be hurting Sherlock by doing that. "I want him," he said softly. "Bu' I don' wanna hurt him."
"There you go."
I had, up until now, a word document with the significant dates, but that ended up with me confusing myself and accidentally overlapping something. So I made it into an actual calender.
Sherlock looked at John and nodded, before he let his head fall down. He looked at the blanket and moved his fingers over the fabric, staring at it. "But...I don't want you to feel obligated to lie to me, John. I want you to feel free and tell me everything what's on your mind."
Shit, this isn't funny. -JW
No. SH
"You're drunk." Sherlock sighed. "I'm under the bed."
Only a few hours later, John left 221B with the rolling suitcase and his laptop in a bag. He had knocked on Mrs Hudson's door to say goodbye for nearly 10 minutes before he gave up. He supposed she was out or something. He ended up writing a small note to her and tacking it to the door:
." He shrugged. "Either way, it helped for a bit, though I stopped talking to Harry when I got back."
Exactly why I need to stay working -JW
And? -JW
John laughed and shrugged, leaning in to kiss Sherlock again. "You're crazy if you think I'm better than you." John pulled away and rubbed his leg against Sherlock's. "Why do you think I never told you how I felt?"
Also, as of yet I don't know /how/ to post it. I have it saved as a PDF, but I don't know exactly how to share it.
"I won't bring you there against your will, John. For sure. I was just suggesting it in case you might feel better there. Where professionals were going to help you, you know." He shrugged his shoulders and smiled. "But you should continue to go to your therapist."
Of course, he couldn't say no to moving in with the man.
"Man, that must
"But I'm
John heard what Sherlock said quietly, but only just. "But I can't stay..." He said. "I
He got to the top of the stairs and he saw the tall man. His eyes locked with the man's and all of a sudden he was hit with a sack of bricks.
"It's not a wedding ring." Sherlock explained slowly before he moved his hand up onto the table and showed John his own ring. "It's an engagement ring. You asked me two months ago."
Oh. SH
Fine. SH
He owes me. In git taxes. SH
"Downtime." Sherlock quickly responded. "I've cut my time with cases because of your episodes. I don't take as many cases as before."
', John thought and a rock caught in his throat. "I need some air." He looked up at Sherlock. "Actually, I need a drink... I'm gonna text Lestrade." He pulled his phone out of his back pocket.
The detective was standing by the window, staring out at the crowd.
"Oh no..." John laughed as he covered his face. "I remember those." He lowered his hands so they just covered his mouth. "How bad we're they?"
Enjoy!
A small smile found its way to John's lips as Sherlock spoke. "It definitely helps..." He put the picture he was holding back on the mantelpiece. "It's not that I was going to smash them now, but it sort of... adds an extra layer of believability..." John tucked one hand into his back pocket as he rubbed the back of his neck,
John smiled and looked down, a small flush growing on his cheeks. After a moment he looked back up. "You're too nice to me."
"I didn't say that it's better. But I thought that... If I'd told you all that, I thought you had enough reasons to just go. It was my last straw to keep you with me. I didn't expect Lestrade to tell you. But now you know about it and I know that I messed up, so just... I'll pack my things and leave." He murmured, turning his head to look at John.
"This was romantic?" He asked, sounding surprised. "Well, I didn't know I am."
So, so funny -JW
"I will..." John said softly. His first lie. "I'll tell you everything." He leaned in to kiss Sherlock's lips gently and then pulled away, standing up. "I think I need a cuppa to calm down..." He turned to Sherlock. "What do you think?"
before." He breathed out shakily. "When I met Mike-" He swallowed and ran his hands through his hair. "I had already figured it all out. That was going to be the last day." He closed his eyes and breathed out forcefully. "I..." He swallowed. "You saved my life, Sherlock." his voice cracked. "And if I don't know you..." He trailed off, his eyes watering.
"Ow!" John exclaimed, quickly rubbing the back of his head. "I don' need you t' tell me 'm an idiot, I know I am..." John shook his head. "Sherlock deserves s'mone better." He mumbled, sticking to his guns. "You know what's funny?" He chuckled slightly. "I' was Sherlock's idea in the firs' place."
I don't know what's going on... -JW
I shall be home in 2 minutes -JW
"Sherlock." He shoved his- Well, he didn't know what Sherlock was to him at this point. But he shoved Sherlock's shoulder. "Sherlock."
"No you didn't." John bit his lip as he looked at Sherlock. "You're just trying to make me feel better."
What is this mythical thing that is called an update??
John ran his hands through his hair. "I don't know either." He sighed. "I just want you to be happy." He shook his head as he thought for a bit. "But you... you
That I came back, John. -SH
John lowered his hands from his face slowly and placed his ring on the table, looking at Sherlock's and his together. "Oh my God..." The room was beginning to spin a bit, and John took a deep breath. "This is a lot to take in..." He stood up from the chair quickly, a bit woozy. "I think I..." He trailed off. "I'm sorry, Sherlock... I just need a bit of..." He swallowed. "I need to think a bit." He blinked hard, trying to clear his vision of the spots that were forming in the corners.
And then there was Pete. Pete was shy and just watched John for most of the meal. After they all returned their trays to the kitchen, he pulled John aside. "Is it true you're Anterograde too?"
John smiled slightly. "That's what the tea is for, Sherlock... Keep me calm." He smirked. "Or is there some big secret about the tea that would shock me?" John teased, but then he stopped. "There isn't anything more, is there?" He pulled the kettle out of the familiar place and started filling it up with water.
And what do you mean "forgot again"? -JW
Greg shows up in the next chapter. :D
It was past three by the time they pulled up and John slid out of the cab. He pulled out his wallet and counted out the bills to the cabbie, apologizing for taking him so far out. The man just shook his head as he drove off, muttering under his breath.
Sherlock glanced around at the small flat. "Hardly." He said wryly.
Sherlock moved a bit to the side, clearly worried about crowding John. "She screamed and woke everyone up in London when I walked in." He smiled. "After that she chased me through her flat with a pan, apparently sure that ghosts are afriad of dish soap, or something. Once I explained everything, she scolded me like I was her grandchild."
"Shit..." John chuckled sadly. "That must have looked kinda bad..." He bit his lip. "How did you explain that to her?"
