“What the hell are you thinking, John?”
John clenched his jaw and decided right then to sleep. He was tired, and didn’t care if he had a nightmare. He just wanted to forget about the morning. As he fell asleep, he hoped Sherlock would be home soon, and would wake him up. He didn’t want to be alone when he woke up.
John turned his head away and grazed his chin. “Sh—a—v?”
“John,” Sherlock moaned impatiently. John grunted, and rolled his hips, hitting the right spot and knowingly sending shivers through Sherlock’s veins.
“John…we, Mycroft and I, have decided not to let you go home just yet.”
Sherlock blinked and hardened his expression. “Don’t patronize me. I’m not fragile!”
Sherlock looked around, thinking of a way to get across. He gently laid John down and went to fetch his coat, which was discarded closer to the cabin.
Sherlock grinned weakly. “Good…”
Sorry for the very small hiatus. Work was draining, and I had to fix a couple things in this part. I hope it makes sense now. Enjoy :)
Sherlock swallowed tightly, and then left. He returned with the crutches and handed them to John. John stood up stiffly and then left the bathroom without another word. He climbed into bed, and turned onto his side, his back facing the door.
“I’m trying to help, John! But you don’t talk to me. You have nightmares nearly every night, and you won’t let me help.”
Sherlock didn’t respond until he was outside and heading towards the main street. “Hm?”
Sherlock looked at him directly. “Because…” He trailed off but didn’t look away.
A voice spoke from beside him, and he tried again, managing to squint as the room slowly grew into focus.
John stood still, tense but poised. He stared at the gravestone that rested in front him. He shifted his weight and opened his mouth, but then closed it when his lips began to tremble. John composed himself, closing his eyes just a blink longer than usual.
*            *            *
John licked his lips—in that either nervous or keen habit of his Sherlock seemed to always notice. The detective wondered,
“You can see him too?”
“Yes, you do,” Victor replied with a smirk. He nodded towards John. “He’ll come by later, won’t you?”
Sherlock placed John’s gold ring over his finger, and squeezed his hand.
“A few days ago,” John provided. “Rest can wait. Us…c-can’t. Please, just keep kissing me.” He smiled, and pulled Sherlock closer, but Sherlock resisted.
John shook his head again. “No, that’s not—.”
“Bet you’re wondering where he is?”
“John.” It said again.
Sherlock blinked and straightened up. “Yes, that’s why I came back. Lestrade pointed out the odd names, comparing them to fairytales.”
“It’s all right,” John said quietly. “I’m not hungry. I can do today’s session.”
“O’Brian died on the operating table. A bullet shot through his back and out his chest. It was a lost cause. The detail the report failed to note was that it was shot from the direction of your team. Unless there were enemies on all sides, the report didn’t state that either. But the original report has been lost, so a replica was made, failing to be consistent.”
“Got it.”
“No, it’s all right. I get really close with my patients. Usually they’re in here for several years, so it makes everything easier if I know both parties.”
“So are you going to tell John?”
John stumbled and he lost the grip of his cane. He leaned against the bed as the cane fell to the floor, and he grabbed at the sheets, attempting to pull himself up.
“He…there were other recruits when he showed us. Some had to leave…they couldn’t stand it.”
Later that evening, John trudged up the stairs and walked into the flat to find Sherlock lying on the sofa with an arm over his eyes. John dropped his bag by the door and took his coat off, noticing there wasn’t any takeaway to be seen.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock snapped.
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
“I’ll get it started, and then come back up to take you down stairs.” Before Sherlock could respond, John headed to the kitchen.
“Er, Dr. Dmitri gave that to me during his first visit. We weren’t together so I was going to toss it…”
John pressed his mouth against the nape of his neck, and rubbed his nose against the curl of hair that lined above it.
“It’s normal to be tired after his heart stopping. He’ll probably fall asleep right about now.” She explained calmly.
“Not yet love,” John said, taking Sherlock’s hand away from his cock and holding it above his head against the pillow. He started preparing Sherlock with his other hand, slowly and gently. Eventually, he managed three fingers inside of him, and Sherlock was moaning and rolling his hips against John’s cock and the duvet, desperate for friction.
John flickered his eyes to the doctor and nodded. He opened his mouth to speak but only a groan escaped his lips.
“Now, Mrs. Ellis. Did you see anyone who wasn’t supposed to be in your house?” Sherlock asked carefully.
“Well, well, well,” Moran said again. “I was beginning to wonder if you’d ever show yourself.”
“He didn’t fall down the stairs,” Sherlock said. Lestrade shuffled his feet.
“Are you ending this--whatever this is—are you ending it, John?”
John raised his left hand a few inches off the blanket, but he couldn’t hold it for more than a few seconds before he dropped it back into his lap. Mandy smiled assuringly and put the pencil away. John’s back started to ache, so he tried to lean back, but then Vanessa’s hold strengthened.
“You were sure to seduce me weren’t you?” he said lightly.
“Now!”
“All right, here it is. His name is Dr. John Willoughby,”
“Es?”
John shifted and wiped his face, clearly trying to hide the tears, as he faced Sherlock’s brother. Sherlock could practically hear Mycroft silently deduce the two of them, but was a second behind with his own deductions, when Mycroft spoke.
Sherlock strutted out of the morgue, holding his Belstaff coat protectively to his chest as he walked down the hall. He had spent the late morning beating a corpse with a riding crop, and now was heading upstairs to Molly’s lab. Her crush on him had turned out to be convenient after all.
John looked up at Sherlock, widening his eyes. He stepped closer to him, held his fists by his side, and looked at his friend.
“I—I’m…”
“Pardon?”
“Jesus,” John gasped as he instantly straightened up, tilted Sherlock’s head back, and pressed his mouth against his. He blew air into Sherlock’s mouth, watched his chest rise and fall, and repeated his actions several times. He compressed his chest to pump the blood in his veins, and went on tiredly as Lestrade apprehended Culverton, as nurses surrounded Sherlock and tried to pry John’s trying hands and mouth from his best friend.
“Hi, this is John Watson. I’m working with Sherlock Holmes on your father’s case—.”
“There’s one more thing, before you make up your mind, that you should hear.”
Just then, John appeared behind Lestrade, closer to the couch.
fine, John,” Sherlock interrupted. “You’re the one who fell.”
“What?”
The pain only increased as a stretcher was rolled beside him, and then he felt hands on his throat, securing it with some kind of hard plastic. Sherlock tried to move away, he wanted to make sure John was all right. After all, the fall was for him.
“Number?”
John sat up straight, his eyes going unfocused. Sherlock leaned forward, his hand stretching out towards John but falling short as John lightly gasped.
Sherlock grabbed the lube and shoved it into John’s hands, who swiftly got it open, pouring the right amount into his hand.
“Just eat your toast.”
Taking a breath, the detective casually walked to the steps leading to John’s room. He paused; he could hear heavy breathing from all the way down here; he could even tell it was uneven. What if John was having a panic attack and couldn’t catch his breath? He could pass out and Sherlock wouldn’t even know.
Vanessa kept the shirt up, and took off her gloves. “It’s all right, John, you can tell us later. But you can’t be going out without another person, for safety reasons. Now, I’m going to take an ultrasound, and see if we need a CT. But you will need surgery—.”
The fall would be his last rush—his last dose of adrenaline before he’ll be with Sherlock again. Since Sherlock was dead, he’d be the one in Heaven or wherever, not the hallucination. This was it.
Sherlock sighed and shuffled his feet. John could practically hear him debating what to do in his head.
Sherlock met his gaze and breathed in deeply. “At first I didn’t. But the way he wasn’t helping was odd. It was as if he didn’t know what I was doing, which clearly, you would. Oh, and his voice was off. It was nearly like yours, but it sounded more forced.”
Sherlock sighed and then looked away. Before he could continue however, John reached across the bed and gently grabbed Sherlock’s cheek and turned his head towards him.
“I’m not an expert at this, Sherlock,” John explained, lowering his voice slightly—only slightly.
“To the wall, right by the stairs that lead up to my old room.”
Very, very short chapter. This fic is finally coming along but I didn't want you all to wait any longer. Enjoy :)
“No.” Sherlock said. “It’s…fine.”
“We should take a break from us.”
John hesitantly walked in, but kept the door open. “I realize I owe you an explanation—.”
“What is it?” his brother asked asked. “Anything to do with the rat?” he whispered.
“How are you feeling?”
Sherlock tightened his coat around his blogger and didn’t acknowledge the paramedics as they attempted to transfer John onto the stretcher. He hadn’t realized the ambulance had arrived; instead Sherlock lifted John to his chest and cradled him.
Sherlock hummed in response and continued looking around the room. He focused on a notebook, opened with a pen lying over it—
Just as twenty minutes passed, Sherlock sped down the street, the concert hall now within view. He couldn’t see anything, except a pile of what appeared to be wood on the side of the building, in the yard.
Mycroft sighed heavily. “Sherlock…”
“Dying.” John said simply.
John turned around and there was Sherlock. But it was just the hallucination. It wasn’t really Sherlock.
“That’ll be great, thank you.”
“He must be trying to frame her, but why?” Sherlock asked.
Once outside, the consulting detective retched into the grass, his arm gripping his abdomen. (He had cramps but chose to ignore them). He gulped a large amount of air and sat harshly on a nearby bench and bent forward, placing his head in his hands, running his fingers tensely through his hair.
John’s eyebrows creased further and he looked intently into Sherlock’s eyes. They were sparkling with desire and his intention became clearer.
Sherlock smiled back, his eyes genuinely beaming. John smiled wider, feeling suddenly lighter than he had all week. It was reassuring; he hesitated in letting it fall, but his appetite slowly started to return, so he opened his mouth and took the bite, swallowing it smoothly.
Sherlock looked at him, his face wiped off of any hint as to what the answer is, but John instantly knew what that expression was: Sherlock was thinking of what to tell him.
“Don’t touch me! I-I h-hate you! I HATE YOU! I—GO AWAY, go away now—just—you can leave now!”
John cleared his throat and lay back against the pillow. “All right?”
“What is it?”
“What was that for?” John asked as he leaned away.
A voice echoed in his head.
“Anything you want to talk about first?”
Panic ran down Sherlock’s spine. “What’s wrong?”
“Oh so now you admit it.” John looked up, amusement and annoyance gleaming wildly in his eyes—mockingly. “What do you mean cold?”
Sherlock abruptly turned and hugged John tightly. John was taken aback for a moment, but then returned the contact by wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“I’ll do what it takes to get you out of here. But if we cross paths, follow my lead.” He waited, and then Sherlock and John nodded. He nodded back, and then opened the door.
Sherlock lowered his head in defeat. “I don’t want this,” he said. “But if you need space, then you have it.”
Sherlock nodded. “Because, I love you.”
Sherlock sighed with defeat and raised his eyes up to lock his gaze with John’s. His eyes were glistening and before John fully realized what was going on, tears began leaking out, streaming down the detective’s cheeks and onto the floor.
John stared in utter disbelief at the pavement where his friend had fallen. There standing in his dark tailored suit, his eyes glistening with life, was Sherlock.
“I want things back to normal,” Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock helped John back against the pillow, and remained standing for a moment until he was sure John was back asleep, before sitting back down, keeping John’s hand in his own.
Silence encased the room for nearly a full minute. Sherlock was looking around, and barely glimpsed at John before looking elsewhere. John kept his eyes on the man, waiting for him to say something. It had been a few hours since they last saw each other; surely he would have news about the case.
John furrowed his eyebrows. “But enough for you?”
“It’s alright, lets get you to the couch and see what’s wrong.”
—began talking incoherently nearby. It was oddly comforting, and as John strained to hear it, he was overcome once again with exhaustion.
He knelt beside him and checked his pulse, finding it steady. He pulled Sherlock towards him and lifted him up into his arms. He rushed out the room and headed towards the stairs. They were still intact, but he could see the flames rising from the kitchen.
“The DI at Scotland Yard said it was wrong guy you caught at the nursing home, but he’s somehow involved…”
“It’s all right. I think the syringe didn’t have saline in it, I think—.”
“But we still—.”
“Sher’lock,” John complained quietly. He shivered and whimpered. “It’s cold…”
“Are you hurt? Anywhere else?” Sherlock clarified. John inhaled slowly and thought about it, but he couldn’t feel any pain, which could still be a bit not good. He shook his head though, and by the gleam in Sherlock’s eyes, he knew John was in shock too.
John shifted onto his back, not fully awake with his eyes still closed. He blinked them open and reached for his jeans from the floor, and then began putting them on. He shimmied them over his stump, and then rolled the pant leg over his knee as far as it could go.
John nodded tensely.
Panic flashed in Sherlock’s eyes. “John, it’s a vest—a bullet—.”
“Help me up?” John managed to ask.
“I’ll just…”
“I’m…” John sighed and looked at the wall in front of them. “Naw…and—no—rrr—”
He sat up and looked at Sherlock hesitantly.
Sherlock slowly looked up at him, but his expression remained quizzical.
John stared at Sherlock, stunned by the sudden honesty. Inhaling sharply, John spoke as calmly as he could. “Uncuff me.”
Sherlock didn’t follow him. Instead, he turned the other direction and pulled out his phone.
. People tend to share a common thread of insecurities.”
Sherlock turned around; when he saw John his face paled. John’s hand was placed over his neck, covered in blood. The army doctor met Sherlock’s eyes, widening with shock. Abruptly, John’s knees buckled but Sherlock caught him just before he hit the ground.
John grinned. “Go ahead Sherlock.”
“You can’t have a session today, unless you eat,” Sherlock pointed. John gritted his teeth and glared at the ceiling.
Sherlock met John’s eyes and stared at him with longing.
“You…got a prosthetic,” Sherlock stated dumbly. John didn’t like his tone, but he nodded anyway.
“No more dying, John.” Sherlock whispered.
“What was the connection?” Sherlock finally spoke, his voice barely over a whisper.
“GO AWAY!”
As darkness encircled Sherlock’s vision, he managed to choke out a name, asking for the one person he wanted to be sure was safe.
“Rest. I’ll get the doctor.”
“What is it Mycroft?”
“Of losing you. For those six months, it was utterly terrifying, going on day by day and not seeing you. Being alone—without you by my side, it was terrible. I’ve said it before John and I still mean it when I say ‘I’d be lost without my blogger.”
“Do you want to sit up,” she asked. “We didn’t do much yesterday, but we have time today, before you’re appointment with Dr. Bailey
“No, he hasn’t been in today.”
“John?” Sherlock’s voice trembled, but he couldn’t find himself to control it.
“Rather chilly in here,” John remarked.
Sighing, John shifted his balance on his left foot. He moved the crutches to his left side, and placed them under his arm, and then he reached forward with his right hand and gently grazed Sherlock’s shoulder.
He silently wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him into the bed. Sherlock shifted upwards, dragging his useless limbs and resting against the pillow, avoiding John’s concerned gaze.
“Alrigh—?” John knew it was more of a sigh, and definitely slurred, and not pronounced completely, but he could also tell the sigh managed to sound like a question. Sherlock nodded in understanding.
Before John could respond, Sherlock held out a hand. “Go on and touch it.”
Ignoring the interruption, John raised his brows to allow the detective to go on. His face was awkward and withdrawn, as if something was wrong.
“That is exactly what I think. Besides, I have no where else to be and John needs me.”
John remained unresponsive.
Sherlock knew immediately it was wrong to doubt John, and lashed out in his brain for even thinking that kind of thought. He grew frustrated with his conflicting thoughts and didn’t notice John’s familiar stride up the stairs and the sudden stop as he walked into the kitchen.
Early the next morning, John sat on his side of the bed, lost in his thoughts, when Sherlock shifted. The taller man groaned and rolled onto his back. He blinked open his eyes, squinted at the early morning sunrays, and then closed them.
John inhaled shakily. “Besides the fact I punched my boyfriend in the face and nearly broke his nose, I’m brilliant.”
“John doesn’t have longer,” Sherlock spat.
Sherlock blinked at him. His breathed in deeply, choosing his words carefully. When he spoke, his voice was hesitant yet soft. “It wasn’t about that, John. I had planed it before you left.”
“I can’t—.” Sherlock tired to say what he wanted, but his voice broke and he trailed off. He avoided John’s gaze, and listened to the footsteps as the nurse walked in.
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
“You’re not.” He realized. His posture relaxed further and he steadied his gaze at Sherlock. “Why’d you come back?”
“Look, it’ll just be for a week or two. That might not be ideal, psychologically or scientifically or whatever, but think of it as an experiment—,”
…Doctor…”
Sherlock sat up and looked down at John; his eyes were moving slightly under his lids, and his chest was moving. Sherlock looked out the door just as Mycroft hurried in, the doctor behind him and everyone else hesitantly following them.
“I’ve already seen it,” Sherlock said regretfully. He looked down John’s body, and scrunched his face. “Go and shower. I’m done—”
Harry inhaled sharply. “No he didn’t. Fucking hell—.”
—Sherlock peeked around the corner, eyeing the basement hallway for any sign of life.
“You’re insane.” Mary said scoffing with cold laughter.
Sherlock nodded and then wheeled himself to the table. As he watched John prepare their meal, he began to ponder on how he truly felt for the man, and how it could change everything forever.
The consulting detective eyed the room swiftly in one glance, counting up to only four possibilities for the end of the night. All he wanted was a shag, a
“What do you want Mycroft?”
The detective stared, taken aback, as Anthea was led away. He needed to call Mycroft.
“Morning,” John whispered.
John turned to see Victor walking in. He came up to his bed, and smiled gently, although John thought it looked strained.
“I’m sorry,” John said. “I didn’t mean to stress you out.” Sherlock sniffled and leaned back enough to see John’s face.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I…” John was obviously unsure what he wanted to say so he trailed off, and remained quiet.
“Go back to him John. Go back to Sherlock.” A voice whispered.
“No,” Sherlock replied swiftly. John flinched, taken aback.
John sat in the chair, freshly dressed in pajamas and a long-sleeved shirt, after Vanessa had washed him. He looked outside, however his vision was unfocused, and he didn’t notice the wet sidewalks from an earlier downpour or even a man in a long coat wandering around.
Sherlock stilled and glanced up. The heart line was beeping again…
“No. Believe me, I don’t know anything. I’m barely his assistant. I’m not allowed in half of his files. But we mustn’t confront him about this. He’s been sending vague emails; I kind of think their codes, to a few others with fake names over the past year. I looked them up once, but none of them existed, at least in any record I had access to.”
Finally he made it to the surgery and rushed out of the cab after tossing the exact fee to the driver. John made his way hurriedly through the lobby and into the office, not responding to any greetings he got from the front desk.
“You worry,” John stated. He looked up again to see Sherlock slowly nodding. John sighed and shifted. Sherlock shifted but then cut off his actions. John paused and nodded once, and then Sherlock’s hands were under his arms and helping him stand. He helped John sit on the toilet seat, and then left the bathroom without another word.
John hadn’t been placed in the ambulance yet. He was looking at Sherlock with something…odd in his eyes.
Remembering the syringe, John came up to Sherlock and gently placed his hand on his arm in a comforting touch.
John reluctantly stepped forward, familiar now with his newer prosthetic.
“No, it won’t.”
“Thank you for your time.” He shook Lucy’s hand, and then quickly left. John quickly said a goodbye, and turned to leave. Lestrade handed him the journals, and then he left, picking up his pace to catch up with Sherlock.
EDIT: would you rather have more fluff or more smut or a balance of both? Seriously I'm having trouble with that part.
of December,” Sherlock said silently. He sat against the headboard, and sighed.
John scoffed. “I am now. And, she’s not my fiancé.”
Lestrade furrowed his brows. “All right—.”
Here it is... for whatever reason, I actually really like how this chapter turned out.
John gasped against Sherlock’s lips as he was overcome by panic. The phantom pain returned and his left leg started to buckle underneath him. He broke apart from him and took a step back, reached for the bedside table to keep his balanced, and lowered his gaze. His brow furrowed in pain, and his stomach churned with nausea. His chest tightened with rising panic, and it was slowly starting to become difficult to breathe.
The bed moved one more time, and Sherlock whimpered loudly. He suddenly felt dizzy, and as the bed came to a halt, the people around him became blurs and their voices muffled.
“Well, then I’ll have an early dinner and then go to bed,” John said, surely. “Don’t fret.”
He shook himself out of his thoughts, and hardened his face slightly to cover up whatever emotion he had let slip out.
“We, er, um…” Sherlock stuttered. John decided to relax and nod, somewhat understanding. He tried to make a noise, something sounding like “together”, but he ended up only pronouncing and elongating the o and the r. He blushed, and looked away, but Sherlock seemed to understand, and nodded.
“You don’t need to doubt me.” John confirmed. “What I feel for you is real, and I know…I know what you feel is real to.”
Once at their flat, John managed to get Sherlock seated on the sofa while he hung up their coats. There was a knock on the door, voices murmuring, and then Lucy appeared with her mother beside her.
I am so sorry for the late update. It's been a month and I am so dearly sorry! Here's a long chapter for you. The next one should come soon. School is just about over and work is crazy but I'll do my absolute best, so let's say around the 18th (the latest), there should be a new chapter :)
“Still in a bit of pain?” She asked just as John walked in.
“To the nursing home, first?” John asked.
He was certain he had something in his pocket that would unlock the cuffs; it was just a matter of getting them out. Sitting forward on his knees, Sherlock twisted his arms and grabbed the thick material of his coat. He lifted his coat up, bunching it up on his back until he was able to pull his pocket to his hand. He arched backwards slightly, straightening his wrists and arms but didn’t let go.
Lestrade sighed on the other line, which sounded more of a yawn than anything else. “Not at the moment, mate. I’ll call you if I get anything.”
He paused, and didn’t start again. John looked down to see Sherlock staring intently at John’s pectoral, below the right one to be exact. He sat up again and leaned on his elbows. Sherlock’s eyes flickered over the fading bruise, and his jaw slowly clenched, as did his hands on John’s hips. John squirmed slightly to relieve the pressure, but then Sherlock’s hands were gone and John wished he hadn’t moved at all.
John took a deep breath and walked further into the room. Sherlock was muttering to himself and started to pace back in and forth in front of the couch with his fingers resting under his chin. John glanced at the wall, catching photos of locations and bodies, but not fully comprehending them. His mouth twitched to a promising smile, and stepped further in. Sherlock came to a slow pause and turned around, his face blank.
“I have no doubt.” Sherlock said, and the walked past him, with John behind him.
But it was undeniably Sherlock Holmes—Sherlock who remained still, yet for the first time in John’s eyes, it was sadness that leaked through the cracks of Sherlock’s face. John observed him for a moment longer before he let out another choked sigh and then settled back down onto the dull pillow, eyes blank and staring at the ceiling.
“I-I thought that was a dream,” John whispered. “Oh, Sherlock—,”
I'm sorry this is late and very short. Real life got in the way. Please leave comments. They do help.
“Fine,” John snapped quietly. “I’ll just sit then.” He didn’t look up at Sherlock. He reached for a book he had started a while ago, and began picking up where he had left off. Sherlock remained quiet and picked up his violin again. His movements were harsher and short, but it helped him let off some steam, and John didn’t complain.
John avoided his eyes. “They didn’t.”
John didn’t answer. Sherlock was right, and so John reluctantly let go of his coat as the detective opened the door.
“That one, what’s that about?”
Sherlock sat up straight and glared at John. “I’m up,” he said hoarsely.
John met his eyes. “Do you remember what I said? When I—.”
“Sherlock…”
Sherlock leaned forward and pressed his lips against his temple before guiding him to the ambulance. “I am.”
“Being a romantic? It’s utterly naïve but…”
“Get the crash cart now and charge the paddles.”
Moran’s face relaxed dreadfully, sending a shiver down John’s spine. “You’re right. It won’t. Why don’t I keep you alive for a little longer? See how mad you go. Maybe you’ll just kill yourself.”
“Idiot. Why didn’t I…”
“Yes. Of course I do John.”
“It’s—we just found out today. He’s not himself at the moment, but I’ll still try to find your father’s killer—.”
Sherlock nodded and looked at the ground.
For a moment, in the middle of the night, Sherlock realized Victor had been right. Sherlock had depended on him for months, almost used him in a way to keep himself sane. Sherlock couldn’t imagine going through three months alone; just a day like this was hell. But, Sherlock knew deep down, this would have been preferable, than to see John wake up again without Sherlock by his side. Victor knew that, and wanted Sherlock to make a decision. Now Sherlock knew it too, and silently did. Sherlock chose John. Victor seemed to know his choice anyway. He hadn’t returned.
“Don’t overestimate yourself. It makes you an even greater fool.” Sherlock shot back.
“Impatient are we? It’s not everyday one’s partner gets an anniversary gift, hell even to have him remember it,” John said with a gentle smirk.
“Oh god—.”
“Hey—,”
John though for a moment, and then cleared his throat. “The cartel, what was it called?”
“I remember that. I…remember talking to you and then…” John’s brows furrowed.
“Um, Sherlock…” John broke the comfortable silence. “Shouldn’t we, I don’t know, get off of this sinking ship?” The water was low at their ankles, rising fortunately at a slow rate.
“There’s surveillance so he should…be here soon. He—.”
“No time—.”
“I am too,” Sherlock whispered. John hugged him tighter.
“You should have taken that chance…still should if you still can, because it doesn’t last forever, Sherlock. It’s gone before you know it—before
Sherlock flinched and took several steps back. John gritted his teeth and fluttered his eyes closed as he fell back into the dream. Sherlock trembled ad slowly tried to catch his breath. John’s eyes had stared at him, entirely unfocused and clearly unaware, but his words still hurt. Sherlock swallowed tightly, and stiffly sat in the reclining chair that was furthest away from John, and settled down. He pulled his coat around his arms tightly, and resigned to watch John carefully until he was out of the dream for real. Sherlock hoped John wouldn’t remember it; otherwise he would never forgive himself. Their relationship was being tested—Sherlock could feel it. It weighed heavily on his shoulders, he vowed to himself and to John he was going to make this right. But he knew John had to try too; and if he knew about what he had said, John would feel guilty and distance himself, and Sherlock knew he himself could not handle that. They needed time to work things out, but first, John had to wake up.
Once their dinner arrived, Sherlock only managed a bite before he gave up. “Just say it John.”
“You’ve already said that.”
“The wound wasn’t tied by a belt—it was—.”
“By all means.” Sherlock smirked. John smirked back and then crawled backwards. He slipped his hands behind Sherlock’s waistband and slid the pants off of him, Sherlock’s erection slipping out and nearly fully hard as it rested up against his skin. John leaned back and looked at Sherlock lying on his back, fully naked now and nearly glowing with arousal. John seemed to get lost in the sight, because Sherlock leaned up on his elbows and fidgeted his foot against John’s thigh, catching his attention. John smiled and then crawled forward, pushing Sherlock back onto his back without fully touching him. Their noses grazed each other lazily as did their lips.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“It’s fine.” John sat up in his seat and leaned against Sherlock’s side. Sherlock noticed he was growing paler and starting to sweat.
“He never got one,” Sherlock interrupted. “He didn’t want it.”
Mary looked at Kim. “I’m going to have to—.”
“No, on my own.” Sherlock twisted out of John’s grip and fled down the stairs. John grabbed his coat and chased after him, but by the time he made it outside, a cab was speeding off.
Mycroft was working on collecting the evidence against Mary; it was proving difficulty, and had been quite a risk for them to postpone their confrontation. But it was the best: keeping Mary from suspecting kept Moran in their sights—it would all go as planned, at least Sherlock was being extra careful from making any mistakes, he couldn’t and wouldn’t risk John’s fate for something peculiar.
Sherlock managed to eat one of the slices, and drink half of his juice before wheeling himself away from the table and into the sitting room. There were plenty of books and even a television, but with only a video player.
John nodded.
John stood as steadily as he could underneath the shinning sun. He inhaled deeply, taking in as much of the fresh air as he could. It had been so long since he had been outside, and the wait was very much worth it.
It was early in the morning after the meeting with Moriarty; they had only been home for a few hours. Somehow, John had fallen asleep quickly; in fact, he was still asleep.
Sherlock sighed and crawled to his side of the bed. “It’s fine, John—.”
John’s eyes widened with horror, but his lungs started to burn and he needed air. He kicked towards the surface and gulped for air. He looked around but only saw the two sinking boats and a life raft that had floated out of nowhere. Police lights were glowing in the distance, but too far away to hear him yell.
“You won’t convince me. I know John Watson.”
“Don’t leave,” John said shakily. “Just…I mean—” John huffed with frustration and leaned closer in the embrace, hoping to silently express what he wanted at the moment. Over the past several weeks, John hadn’t had direct human touch—it had all been clinical and careful, so much so that this closeness was heightening John’s need to be touched. It was reassuring, filling John with content.
“He is. Is there anyone else higher up?”
“Oh my God.” John whispered, his hand lingering over Sherlock’s cheekbone. Suddenly, his peaky complexion tinged to a sight pink tone over his cheeks; John took away his hand and then slapped it across the detective’s face as hard as he could.
John looked over Sherlock shoulder and nodded to her, silently thanking her.
Whether or not Sherlock would see or hear from him again, he knew Mycroft would inform him about that later. Right now, he didn’t care if he ever would get more answers.
John scoffed and narrowed his eyes incredulously. “Then maybe I won’t. I won’t get a prosthetic; I won’t go with you on cases. I’ll just stay here, crippled and useless!”
He just hadn’t needed that kind of release until now. Before he could go mad with thinking what John will think, Sherlock dressed nicely—as nice as he could bother with, and left the flat. He planned to come back well within the night, after John had gone to sleep. Perhaps he should leave a note? Sherlock pulled out his phone and texted his flatmate.
“Who?”
Sherlock turned around to see Molly slowly entering the room.
John nodded and headed to his bed. “So how was it?”
“What is it?”
John shifted his balance. His expression faltered slightly; he narrowed his eyes as he looked at Sherlock, as if he was looking for something. But then he resigned, and started to head back to his chair.
“Uh, dull.” Sherlock muttered.
“Is he on any medication?” John shook his head.
By the time John positioned Sherlock in his chair and wheeled him to the table, the toast was cooked and juice had already been poured. John busied himself at the stove, quickly frying some eggs and putting them on a plate. His hand trembled with the spatula, but he didn’t notice Sherlock watching it, and set the plate down in front of him.
John’s heart pounded loudly in his ears, causing him to miss Vanessa concern.
“Giving me a warning, how kind of you.” Sherlock looked over her shoulder for half a second before meeting her eye. “No, Mary, you won’t.”
Dr. Grey looked at the detective. “And you are?”
Sherlock inhaled deeply and composed himself. He straightened up and then headed to the conference room. Upon entering, Kim came up to him, her brows knitted with concern.
With the single command, John slowly pulled out and then thrusted back in, moaning in pleasure. Sherlock’s hold tightened with every thrust, his moans becoming more vocal.
“Showing me the flat. You seemed to have made up your mind when I came into the lab, but then you gave me your address anyway. I was just wondering…what changed your mind?”
“Er, you don’t think they would have something to do with this?”
John screamed in the present and pushed Sherlock off of him. Sherlock’s eyes flew open and remained unfocused for as long as John was conscious, and then he passed out into welcomed abyss, the pain vanishing along with him.
Willoughby looked at the calendar lying over his desk. “Nearly two weeks ago. Her diagnosis wasn’t slowing down, and George did seem like he’d do anything to keep it stable. God, poor Florence.”
There are scenes from The Reichenbach Fall, but the dialogue has been changed a bit. Remember, this was just a prologue for the main fic, Watson's Anatomy.
John shifted on his feet with unease. “…You’re not going to—.”
John stretched and stood up. “You sure?” Since they’ve been married, Sherlock was becoming more considerate to John. John appreciated it of course, but he kept in mind a limit. He didn’t want Sherlock to loose himself only so John wouldn’t feel taken for granted.
This hadn’t happened in a while; so long in fact John thought he had moved passed it. When Sherlock had first came back a little more than a year ago, John was furious. But it didn’t take long—a few days in fact—for him to find himself back at Baker Street. The first few months were tense, both of them barely saying a word. But eventually, they had gone back to normal, or at least, as normal as possible. Whenever John’s nerve was shot, he would leave for a walk, and then come back, and neither of them talked about it. When one of them would wake up from a nightmare, the other would comfort them with little words, and then go make tea or play the violin, whichever one it was that needed it. They never talked about it though; John was fortunate Sherlock didn’t bring up his panic attacks—they were frequent in the start, but like he had thought, it hadn’t happened in a while.
“John? What is it? Why can’t we—”
comments are gold and I am Smaug :)
*            *            *
“C-can you take me to the hospital.” He managed to ask slowly.
John inhaled slowly. “And Sherlock’s?”
“Oh, god yes,” John moaned, placing open mouth kisses on Sherlock’s skin as he wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s hand and cock.
“Take your pants off,” Sherlock ordered as the man followed him to the couch.
“Thanks, Greg. For everything.”
“I mean, you. I can help you when you’re ready.” He headed for the door, and then paused.
Sherlock furrowed his brows. “What, when? When did—.”
John pressed a finger against Sherlock’s entrance, and began slowing working Sherlock open, soon using two fingers and then three, and at the same time, lightly but pleasurably, stroking Sherlock’s cock.
flinch every time I’m near you.”
“And for that matter…watching you dying was not what I wanted, when it could have been avoided if you—” Sherlock pointed at John accusingly. “Hadn’t gotten shot in the first place!”
Before he could speak his wonder out loud, John leaned in and pressed his lips against Sherlock’s, gently and closed. The detective’s eyes widened with shock and his whole body froze.
Willoughby looked at John, who nodded.
Sherlock blinked and looked back the screen. A minute passed in silence, and then he leaned back and began typing.
He could feel Sherlock tense beside him, and as he prepared to turn completely away from him, Sherlock answered quietly.
John stilled and looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock met his gaze and shrugged.
John didn’t ask, and took him to his bedroom, and helped him into clean pajamas. After he was settled in, John headed to the door, but then Sherlock spoke up.
Sherlock rolled his eyes slightly. “I wouldn’t phrase it like that, but no, I don’t do sentiment—and relationships.
“John?”
Mycroft appeared from the car, a quick stride in their steps. Sherlock decided to thank his brother later and ignored him. Before a word was uttered, the detective discarded his heavy coat, rushed down the ramp and dived into the water in search of his blogger.
Sherlock helped John stand up, and although he felt weak, John managed to keep his balance. Sherlock took the jacket off of him, and then placed his own coat over John’s shoulders. John could smell Sherlock clearly, triggering his memories and that Sherlock was supposed to be dead, but wasn’t. John blinked, but Sherlock was still there. He wanted to close his eyes to see if this was really true, but some part of John was afraid to do so. He kept his eyes on Sherlock, followed him closely as he was led outside.
“How are things…with Moran?”
“So, how’s your hand?” John asked as he sat down in the restaurant. Sherlock briefly looked down at his palm before answering.
“Your sister inherited it too, but had plastic surgery, though it’s still similar. But her eyes, oh they’re brown like yours with nearly identical flecks. Identical twins are rare, but one to go to so many lengths not to look like the other, nearly desperate for something to differentiate between the two. Associating with terrorism is one way of doing it.”
“Very…” Sherlock checked the gun and found it fully loaded. “Come on, then.”
“Mary told me to tell you. Apparently it was obvious, even to her.” Sherlock murmured.
John stared him down, demanding silently for a real answer.
He expected Sherlock to laugh, scoff, anything, but Sherlock furrowed his brows even tighter and slowly left the bed. John rose up and looked at him, swallowing down a feeling of unease.
“Yes, yes, I get it.” John smiled. “You’re back.”
John took a step forward. “Me neither.”
“What about your shoulder?”
John shot him a smile of assurance. “You don’t need to be nervous, love.”
“He should be on his way.”
“Well, actually, we are. But not…completely. Or, er—it’s complicated.”
“No-no-nonono, please come b-back. I can’t do this alone. He’s g-gone, you’re all I have left…I’m don’t want to b-be a-alone…” John trailed off, taking in deep, shuddering breaths. The tears had subsided, for now.
“John?”
John gave him a small grin. “It’d be nice to have a mistletoe…because then I could stand under it and kiss you—through the plastic at least…”
“John…John thinks I’m suicidal…”
John wiped his face with his hand and sighed. “You’re exhausted.”
It didn’t subside the pain, but the access to oxygen was better. John sighed back against the pillow as another nurse entered the room.
John nodded. “Yeah it must have been, through that window.”
11:59:59 PM
John pointed aimlessly at Sherlock and then withdrew himself. He paced a small distance by the bed, and ran a hand over his face.
That night, John leaned against the counter and started washing the dishes. Sherlock was in the sitting room talking with Lestrade who had called, and then he was back in the kitchen as quickly as he had left. John told himself not to point that out.
“Fine—.”
“Yes, well since you remember
“There haven’t been any—,” Sherlock started to protest.
Sherlock furrowed his brows and remained still, as if he was stunned with unwarranted worry. John softened his amusement and shifted forward onto his knees. He crawled forward, leaned up, and rested his elbows on the edge of the bed. He stretched his neck up and lightly kissed Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. His eyes flickered over John’s face, as if he was looking for something.  “I made a mistake, John—.”
Sherlock sped down the steps, and nearly broke out into a run once he made it to the correct floor. The hallway was dark grey—the carpet nearly matching to dull shine of the thin steel walls. He heard the footsteps speed up to catch up with him, noticing Kim’s shorter step just ahead of Mycroft and Sinclair.
“You don’t have to say it now. I know Sherlock.” John murmured.
Thank you everyone who commented! I really appreciated them and they made real life a little less sucky. Thank you!!
The door opened, and Mary stepped in, closing it behind her. With one look, Sherlock sighed and turned towards her, composing himself.
Sherlock sighed as if repeating such words were an insult to his intellect. “Truck, cabin, spoon.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“John—.”
Dr. Smith continued. “You’re still grieving,” he stated blatantly.
“Go!”
“Sorry,” John mumbled. Sherlock felt a tinge of guilt but it quickly disappeared.
John sounded it out silently, and then worked his tongue and throat, producing more of a sigh then an actual sound. Sherlock fidgeted in his seat.
“Are you sure about that?” Sherlock offered.
John cringed and reached for one, and then handed it over. Sherlock took it and wiped his face, but he continued to look away.
John stood up and the room spun around him for only a moment before his vision stabilized. He walked to the window and looked out. From what he could tell, it was pitch dark out—hours could have gone by. Everything was still and…deserted. He could barely get a glimpse of the docks, but didn’t think they were moving away from them.
Sherlock scoffed.
Sherlock turned around and faced him. “You have your secrets, I have mine. It doesn’t matter,” he said in a clipped voice.
Sherlock flinched and narrowed his eyes. John looked up at him, and slowly let out another laugh, this one softer. Sherlock’s face crinkled slightly, and then he let out a short, softer laugh as well, but it didn’t last.
TRIGGER WARNING: DEPRESSION, SUICIDAL THEMES!!!
John recollected himself and bit his lip, shifting his hand back. “Snow White is a princess who lives in a forest with seven dwarves—.”
kind, and that I was sort of you’re first…friend or whatever…”
“Why?”
“Wha—no? What do you mean, no?”
“You could have spinal injury—.”
“Everyone has one.”
“Moran’s right.”
“John, don’t move.”
“Nice place. Small, but…” She shrugged as she looked around, her face expressing pity.
“Check it.”
“I’ll call him for you,” Mycroft offered. He stood and walked to the outskirts of the waiting room, pulling out his phone.
“You think he’s in there?”
John sighed. “I know you won’t. Doesn’t mean you should though.”
“Mary warned him,” John stated.
John nodded, and raised his right hand and grabbed the metal bar. He felt like he was behind in his recovery, and so he told himself to work harder; he could feel a sense of something dark lurking in the back of his mind, and quickly blocked it out.
Sherlock stood up and began pacing the room. “What kind of evidence?”
“John.”
“It is fine,” John repeated.
“No, you don’t. You already did, Sherlock,” John said slowly.
John didn’t react to the cooler temperature. He was fast asleep, but trying to breath was straining his injuries, especially his ribs. Sherlock needed to move him, but was reluctant with causing him any more pain.
John sighed and nodded confidently. “We won’t be able to do much, I know that. I’m not fully up to anything…extraneous. But this…I’m more than ok. I n-need this.”
Sherlock nodded understandably. “Did—did Dr. Shepherd get back to you?”
Mary frowned.
“What do you want?” John whispered against Sherlock’s neck, gently placing kisses along his neck and jawline.
“I can take them down—.”
“No.” Sherlock interrupted.
The pair looked back to the window. Apparently Bauer was playing the silent treatment, but Mycroft was playing along, to an extent.
“For keeping up with you.” John looked at Sherlock and his expression softened. “And the fourth one. It’s looks like the cheetah one but not as angled.
“What’s that supposed to mean—”
“Sherlock’s CAT scan results. They were locked away in a drawer with others. But in Sherlock’s medical file, there were another set of scans, ones that, according to the nurses, showed early onset Alzheimer’s.”
Moran nodded. “Go ahead.”
Sherlock nodded.
“Ready?”
“So someone comes to the door—.”
Sherlock lowered his gaze for a brief moment, and then met his eyes. “I made a mistake,” he whispered.
It only took a moment for John to understand. “You could tell, couldn’t you? You walked in and found me tense and infuriated, the furniture thrown around, and you knew…you knew that I had had another hallucination.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, and waited.
Molly nodded. “He did. They gave him some narcan to counteract the drugs.”
“There were a couple of areas that may draw concern, but again, his age plays a large contributing factor, and he is getting older—”
“Of course he doesn’t. All right, thanks Greg. Can you give us a copy of the illustration?”
Sherlock sighed softly with frustration, and remained still. A door creaked shut, and then a creepier silence bestowed upon the ship. It was time now.
“There will be,” Sherlock agreed. His smirk widened to a smile, and John smiled back. Sherlock lowered his head back to John’s hip and restarted his kisses, starting at John’s hip and making his way up to his belly. John lightly moved his hips upwards against Sherlock’s chest, gaining a soft moan from the man. He repeated his actions, only to then be held down gently by Sherlock’s hands, which were placed on his hips at Sherlock moved upward, pressing kisses just below John’s pectoral.
“About What?”
“Someone your friend knew?”
John smiled. “That’ll be great. Chinese?”
“And I will let you know
“What is it?” He asked.
At first, John didn’t want to move. But he knew he probably should. With a gruff, John sat up and got off the bed, pretending not to notice Dr. Bailey’s offered hand. He limped heavily intothe chair and stiffly sat down, and then placed the crutches beside it. He felt slightly better, but only slightly.
“We’ll consider that.” Sherlock stood and put his coat back on. He regarded the doctor for a moment, and then stretched out his hand. They shook hands quickly, and then John followed.
Margaret seemed to have made up her mind, and quickly pulled on a plastic gown, gloves, mask, and hair.
“I…may not be able to fix your leg this time,” Sherlock started.
Sherlock scoffed. He abruptly stood up and began walking back to the hospital when Mycroft interrupted his stride by placing his umbrella in front of Sherlock’s path.
“Fairytales! What kind of fairytales did the names remind you of?”
“It’s only three o’clock.”
Mycroft stared at him, then looked at Sherlock, raising his eyebrow.
“Below deck. Go on, go get him.”
*            *            *
“John, MI6 is looking for you—.”
“John,” Sherlock moaned, thrusting his hips upward towards John and sliding his hand down the duvet to reach his hardening cock.
“I’m doing better,” John insisted. “I’m trying.”
(And oh my god The Six Thatchers, wow!)
Lucy tensed beside her, but remained quiet. Sherlock continued. “He was at your house. Does he have visitors?”
“…John?”
“Yes, all right.” John took in a deep breath as he leaned back down, crashing his lips onto Sherlock’s, resulting in a pleased sound from the man below him. Their lips slid around each other, sucking on one another’s lips and tongue as John moved his right hand down Sherlock’s torso, fumbling with the buttons. He moaned against Sherlock’s mouth as he struggled with the clasp.
John cleared his throat. “We, er, that was about three years ago.”
“John? What’s wrong?” Sherlock’s smile slowly fell. “John?”
John’s lips twitched with a small grin, then quickly developed into a smile. He stepped closer until he was close enough to the detective he could feel his breath against the tip of his nose.
He brought the man to his bedroom and closed it. He could have sworn he heard a creak leading up to John’s room.
“I don’t know—.”
“No, not recently.”
“You’ll be taken to the infirmary. It may hurt to move, just try to stay calm.”
Sherlock looked behind his shoulder and found John looking at him keenly. “Why are you looking at me like that?”
“I’m Doctor Robbins. I was the lead surgeon for your partner’s operation. The bullet entered his chest and lodged itself beneath his heart. He lost a lot of blood, and his heart stopped beating half way through, but he’s in recovery now, and would be transferred to the intensive care unit in a few hours.”
His voice was clear enough something had changed, and Sherlock immediately went to his side and looked at the box. He carefully picked up a box with his gloved hand and opened it. Just as John had expected, the box was filled with exactly nine bullets. They both looked to the large box beside it, where many bullets piled together. With a closer look, the two realized the bullets were empty of gunpowder and unusable.
“Alright?” he whispered. Sherlock nodded, sending an odd smell to John’s nose. John flinched back, causing Sherlock to turn around and raise his eyebrows.
*            *            *
“I know that. Just…go along with this, please?”
“Um, are we even allowed to go in there?”
“Ta, Mrs. Hudson.”
John scoffed. “You don’t even know...you—you’re not dead. You just decided to look like him from today just to play with my mind.”
“Why?” Moran didn’t seem phased. “Sound familiar?”
John shrugged, and weakly tugged his wrists, testing the grip.
John tried to keep his face calm, but the small flinch told Sherlock everything. He gasped and clenched his jaw tight, and then clenched his fists over his lap.
Sherlock shook his head, and paused for a moment. “How are you?”
“For precautionary reasons.”
Sherlock huffed a sigh of annoyance, but John knew he was flattered, even just a little bit. He tilted his head up just a bit higher, indicating clearly what he wanted. Sherlock, without question, claimed his lips with his, starting out soft and closed, but passion rose and John opened his mouth, inviting Sherlock in. They kissed for several moments, before an awkward cough interrupted them.
John opened his mouth and yelled, but no sound escaped. He opened his eyes wider but the white-hot pain only increased. He could barely make out a figure in front of him, but the unruly hair and prominent cheekbones were a giveaway.
“Good,” Sherlock replied flatly without moving his head.
John nodded distantly.Sherlock continued, hushing his voice. “Did you see his face, John? Did he say anything to you?”
“All right, John. Just take the handle above you, and we’ll help you lift yourself. This still may feel uncomfortable.”
Kim shook her head. “He’s been pushed down from priority. I don’t know why, he was our first lead.”
“Not at all.” John reassured. “It’s kinda of romantic, for you at least.”
“No, we’re here for as long as necessary,” John provided.
He was wearing a pair of sweats, and underneath he had his exercising shorts on. He took them off and sat down on the chair, and waited. In front of him were a few different types of prosthetics, and the sight of them sent a shiver down John’s spine.
Sherlock mumbled incoherently, and sluggishly raised his head and looked at John. He glanced over his body in a second, and then his eyes widened, narrowed, and then he sat up, keeping his gaze on John.
“It doesn’t matter. You’re awake now, so…”
John couldn’t think of anything to say. He was overwhelmed—the sitting room around him faded, and when his vision focused, he was lying down, and Sherlock’s face peered over him, contorted with concern.
Sighing again, but this time with anticipation, John picked up the key and carefully placed it to the handcuffs’ lock. It clicked open.
“I don’t know what got—.”
“Besides, it’s not easy to break a tea bag without being obvious. Someone would have noticed.”
John took a step forward too, hardening his gaze to keep his eyes dry. “You can’t just leave—”
The noises came to a halt. John walked in, wondering what Sherlock had gotten into. It was likely serious if the detective was quiet.
“Yeah.” John said, resigned. “She never showed up. Not at the hospital, or at the airport. I just assumed she was done with me. I didn’t bother contacting her; I figured she would eventually send divorce papers. Even after I moved in here with you, I kept an eye out.”
“Fine,” Sherlock sighed.
Moran smirked and waved his hand. The man who had taken John knelt down by the second lookalike and pulled his hair, tilting his head back and exposing his neck. Sherlock couldn’t help but feel a pang of unease. He was sure the man wasn’t John, but seeing his face express that kind of pain and begging, his eyes only saw his John.
That didn’t help, not one bit. If anything, it left Sherlock even more conflicted.
The moment Sherlock crumbled to the ground, something changed in John. The sudden impact of it all: the hallucinations, the tumor, the fact that Sherlock had survived the fall, their mutual feelings for each other; it all became a rapid tsunami crashing over John in the very moment. The tears streaming down his face at that moment, well, he didn’t bother wiping them away, or noticing that the current rainfall was drenching him cold to the bone. Nothing mattered anymore. Sherlock was gone. And that kind of loss triggered a few of the stages of grief all within the coming minutes.
“I’ll help you…figure it out.”
John notable relaxed in his seat and unclenched his fists. “And the oral test?”
Chapter 11
“Here? Why can’t you go there, you’re perfectly capable of—”
Sherlock shifted and lowered his head slightly. “Tissue…”
“Safe in our beds?” Sherlock offered.
This caused John to panic. His chest wanted to swell up but it wouldn’t move. It remained tight and heavy. His arms remained still by his sides, and his whole body just ached with numbness. He didn’t feel alive, but he didn’t feel dead. So what the hell was he?
John stared at Sherlock. His face had paled when Sherlock had clarified what he was talking about and since then, he hadn’t spoken a word as the detective explained.
“You’ve been seeing him haven’t you? In your sleep, you say his name.”
“I—um was there…something you wanted to tell me?”
“Nah…I think I’ll have you right here.” John said, deepening his voice, resembling what Sherlock could only imagine was his captain commanding voice. The army doctor didn’t give the detective a chance to respond; he leaned all the way forward, pressing his chest against Sherlock’s as he captured his lips in an immediate passionate kiss.
It was just a mere grin. A slight flick of the lips and then it was gone. The face remained impassive.
Sherlock slowly looked at him, offered a weak grin, and then looked away. “I’m fine, John. You should get some rest.”
Willoughby inhaled sharply. “Oh! How sudden, was—are you working with the police.”
“Why should I?” Sherlock asked, his tone changing to that of a whiny child.
Sherlock bit back the urge to roll his eyes, but gave up immediately and proceeded. Harry scoffed at him again and sat down on the other side of the waiting room, glaring at the detective. Sherlock glared right back at her and in silence they waited.
Sherlock inhaled slowly and lowered his hands. “You see…” his voice shook and he sounded resigned. “Deep down, you associate me with…” Sherlock trailed off and exhaled shakily. John kept his face lowered, the panic still rising and bile stinging his throat. His eyes prickled; he raised a hand to lie over Sherlock’s arm, but Sherlock flinched and took a step back.
“Mmph.”
“Oh for—that’s ridiculous, John,” Sherlock exclaimed. John inhaled slowly and nodded.
“Sort of a mixture of sweat and tears more like, um, I just felt helpless for a moment. It took a bit long to wake you, and…”
“All right then, that’s fine,” the man agreed, but Sherlock heard disappointment.
John leaned back reluctantly. “How are you feeling?”
Sherlock scoffed weakly. “I hope it is.”
Sherlock looked at him oddly, and then nodded. He tightened his hold, and the two remained like that for several minutes.
“John.” Sherlock insisted again, keeping his voice soft.
“Watson received another email, sent five minutes ago,” Mary reported.
Sherlock searched two of their statuses.
, they weren’t getting anywhere.
Sherlock didn’t respond right away; he pulled out his phone and sent a text to his brother, and then met John’s gaze, remaining silent for a moment longer.
“Accidents happen, and it always will. You’ll get hurt, and I will too. I don’t care, Sherlock. It’s part of this life I chose—and we can do as much as we can to make sure we’re safe, but we’re not perfect. I still choose you. I’ll always choose you—hell, even without all of this, I want to spend my life with you, one way or another.”
Moran didn’t respond and walked towards them. He stopped halfway, and with a wave of his hand, the two men lunged forward and parted the too, holding them still by the elbows.
“You can shower,” John said.
“Let me see.”
“John” Sherlock moaned. “Bed.”
John looked at Sherlock, speechless, his mouth slightly opened as if it froze whilst forming a word. His eyes were swimming with confusion, then realization, moving back and forth observing the man beside him.
“Now, go ahead and walk around. See if it still pinches.”
Victor nodded stiffly and waved dismissively. John swallowed tightly as he wondered what Victor meant, suddenly overcome with nerves.
“Moderate to Severe head trauma, concussed at the very least; he may need surgery to relieve any pressure. Bullet graze to the right thigh. Possible fractured ribs; abdomen is slightly rigid; he may have internal bleeding. He’s hypothermic and has a temperature at about 29 degrees.”
He regarded his brother with the most rare look ever to bestow upon his face: brotherly compassion.
“This fine?” Sherlock asked.
“Nearly six years ago give or take…you came back after two years,” John explained. “Moriarty’s network has already been dismantled, Sherlock.”
Sherlock flinched much to his dismay, and watched as the man who looked like his lover collapsed forward, dead. Moran knelt down and pulled his hair hard. The mask slipped off easily, revealing an unknown man.
"No.”
“Yes, yours. Though you can share, can’t you?”
“Oh, thank you,” Sherlock said politely, feeling an unsettling awkwardness rise in the room. He took the phone and finished with it in less than a minute. He handed it back to the man—John, who had been on the verge of a smile this whole time—and met his eyes.
“God yes,” John moaned, thrusting his hips into Sherlock. “Let me…” Remaining on top of Sherlock, John stretched over to the bedside table, fumbling for the bottle of lube. After placing it on the bed next to him, John re-straddled Sherlock’s lap, and began thrusting his hips again, feeling the warmth of Sherlock’s groin pressing into him.
“You and I had a fight about him, that night,” Sherlock explained. “You headed back to the flat and I stayed with him, when you were attacked. The burglars were in our flat.”
“How did you—how—?”
“Problem?”
There was a pause. “Sure, um, though I’m not sure if he could help? I’ve never actually met him, though.”
“You know how to put it on?” he asked.
“Are there others wearing a mask like that?”
Sherlock looked up at John, who was grinning at him. Sherlock glared at him and lunged forward, wrapping his hands around the man’s throat.
“If I quote you correctly, ‘sentiment is a chemical defect found on the losing side’. You don’t like to lose.”
“Obviously,” the man replied with a smirk, his voice changing dramatically from John’s voice.
John nodded, mentally noting the name of the brand, and the other things they needed.
“How are you today, John?”
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably and avoided John’s gaze.
“The 29
Sherlock pocketed his phone and masked his face with fake desperation and walked into the pub.
Suddenly, the atmosphere changed into chaos and desperation.
“Who else could it be then? What kind of surgeon leaves a private practice in New York to come here to London and get paid less?”
“You all right?” Sherlock asked softly, his brows furrowed with concern. John nodded, and smiled softly.
John washed and dressed and appeared in the kitchen, preparing his usual morning tea. His phone rang; he ignored it. That was the last straw for Sherlock.
John shook his head and outstretched his arm towards Sherlock. Sherlock hesitated for a moment, and then took it, squeezing it tightly.
“Right, John.”
It was only there for four and a half seconds. Sherlock first noticed it in the middle of the night, but ignored it as simply a phantom sense rather than anything else.
“I better be going then,” John said. “Rosie will sleep for a couple of hours, but I just…” John was running out of excuses to leave everyday now, but he also couldn’t bare being in the room all day. He wanted to stay longer, even just to beg or bargain for Sherlock to wake up, but as a doctor, he knew the likelihood of that happening was small. So instead, he picked up the bag of Rosie’s diapers and such, and headed out of the room.
John walked into the sitting room, spotting Sherlock in his chair, his eyes closed and his fingers tracing the dog tag in his palm. He opened his eyes and spotted John, but instead of a smile, he frowned. He looked at the tag, and then he looked back up, his brows furrowing.
“No, it’s my fault,” Victor cut in gently. “I shouldn’t have barged in.”
*            *            *
“John?” Sherlock said quietly.
John shook his head and closed his eyes.
After their cigarettes were lit, Sherlock started feeling slightly calmer. The wind blew against Sherlock, and he realized with a startle he wasn’t wearing his coat or his jacket, and his sleeves were rolled up to the elbow, the goosebumps on his forearms rising from the cold.
“And, do you—”
“I just got washed,” Sherlock reminded him, but remained quiet on not wanting to get sticky with salty air. Besides, it hadn’t gone very smoothly. Sherlock had woken up to John finishing his own shower, and as he was getting dressed, Sherlock had entered the bathroom and attempted to wash himself.
John gulped, but nodded in appreciation for the apology. “I know.”
“Yeah. Let me guess, you don’t trust him. You trust him with your life, but…not with your heart. You fear he will change his mind, get bored with you, and break your foolish little heart. As for him, well,” Moran laughed, sending a shrill of unease down John’s spine. “He can’t love you. He’s a psychopath, psychopaths don’t love.”
*                        *                        *
“Amazing,” John sighed. Sherlock beamed at him. John inhaled deeply and looked out to the window.
“I love him, I love him so much...but I don't know..." John groaned, blinking his eyes to try to block out the pain. "...I don't know if he really loved me, maybe he did, but I'll go find out, so just let me go... please--." His voice was high and shook and his eyes began to droop close again.
John woke with a start, a murmur of pain running through his chest. He groaned and slowly inhaled, but the pain only increased.
John swatted at him playfully. “No you won’t, you git.”
“Don’t be ridiculous John, it’s
“Shut up.”
John and Sherlock waited patiently outside of Doctor Shepherd’s office for his consult. Sherlock’s arm was rested on the armrest, his hand loosely holding his partner’s. It had taken a week to get this appointment, and fortunately for the both of them, that week gave Sherlock enough time to get through the rest of his detox. He had been mainly weak from the exhaustion, yet they had overcome that obstacle and now were ready to face the next one, this time together.
“You mean…” John trailed off, the word on the tip of his tongue vanishing for a moment. “It’s obv-ious…”
John hurried up the stairs as fast as he could, not knowing if Sherlock was in their flat yet or not. He hadn’t texted, and John hadn’t either. He wasn’t sure if Sherlock was giving him space, or if he was busy. But right now, John didn’t care.
“Yes.”
John nodded and looked towards the tea station. There was only one brand, one he didn’t like, so he walked past it and out the door.
“How so? The blood on your…collar…seems a bit worry-ing.”
Sherlock paused. “Sentiment?”
“All right.” Sherlock murmured and wrapped an arm around John’s waist as they headed back to Baker Street.
John nodded encouragingly. “Okay. Do you know where to start?”
Sherlock removed his hand from John and laid it over his lap. He clenched his fists and closed is eyes, banishing the emotion forming behind his lids. John’s breathing had hitched at the lost of contact, but he stayed where he was beside Sherlock’s bed.
He heard voices, and then he heard Sherlock’s the loudest, as if it was coming from a speaker. He lashed out at anyone who touched him, and then to his horror, felt the straps of a straightjacket being placed over his chest.
“I’ll get you some pain killers so you can
“May I?”
Sherlock sighed but kept his gaze at the man. “Piss off.”
John’s eyes widened and his back stiffened. He parted his mouth to speak, but Victor beat him to it.
The army doctor’s eyes peeked open however they were unfocused. He let out another raspy exhale but wouldn’t inhale afterwards; his eyes blinked and then began to droop close.
“The concern that you would think he’d be part of Moriarty’s network just proves that you’re an useless idiot, like everyone else. Though I might add, his life sure seems a much better life sentence than this, and I’d be more than thrilled to a life here with cats in this tedious town and actually
“I don’t understand…”
“Good,” John replied shortly.
John shifted away and looked up at him. “Hey…” he said tiredly. Sherlock looked around the room but didn’t find anything out of place.
“Clearly,” Sherlock stated. John looked thoughtful and peered back at the wound.
John stepped back. “I just…I—.”
Day 7
Sherlock came back with a bowl of water and a washcloth. He set it aside, and then retrieved another bowl, a couple of towels, soap, and fresh clothes. He set the supplies on the table, and then looked at John, his face hesitant.
Sherlock still didn’t feel convinced, and his face must have showed it, for John leaned up against his elbows and kissed Sherlock deeply.
Sherlock kept his eyes lowered for another moment, and then he inhaled deeply and slowly met John’s gently gaze.
John looked up at Sherlock, who started to seem unsure. He looked into Sherlock’s grey eyes, and slowly started to relax. His breath caught in his throat as he realized they haven’t had
John turned on his heal but before he could say anything, Sherlock lunged at him.
Sally nodded, and then left. Sherlock ignored the flicker of concern in her eyes as she looked at him, and focused on the uneven dirty tiles of the floor. Lestrade sat back beside him.
"You only came upstairs to bring me tea," Sherlock said flatly. John swallowed tightly and nodded, but then remembered Sherlock wasn’t facing him.
Sherlock looked at him oddly and then stood up. “You—where were you?”
Sherlock finished, and John processed this.
John weakly laughed, although it was humorless. “We’re not even lovers.” He muttered without thinking.
John closed his eyes, feeling hope rise in his chest that was suffocating. It didn’t make any sense; why would Sherlock feel guilty? He had stopped visiting. He made the choices. He left, he pretended to die, he left—he always leaves—he chose Victor—
Before Sherlock could respond, John pushed Sherlock gently away. He leaned in, and pressed their lips together, full of affection and beyond the chastity they had been doing before. Sherlock kissed back full on, pressing forwards so their bodies where touching. He trailed his hand to John’s lower back as the other man rested one hand on his waist and the other cupping the detective’s jaw.
Victor nodded. “Well, if you’re sure. Talk to him, won’t you?”
“No, this isn’t happening. There must be an explanation for this.” He mumbled as he once again fell to his knees and clutched his head. Darkness devoured his vision, swallowing him up until the tearless sobs came to a stop and silence prevailed.
“Where do you want to go?” Sherlock asked.
John sat forward. “Now I shower off this hospital scent and sleep comfortable in your bed for a week.”
John shifted, a dull ache suddenly becoming present. He tried to move again, but only felt pain. His chest felt heavy and tight, and the rest of his body felt tired and worn out. He slowly opened his eyes, but then flinched from the light.
Sherlock inhaled sharply. “Really?”
“No.”
Tranquility hovered in the silence, and the tears returned, slowly falling down his cheeks as he closed his eyes, resting his body against the wall in defeat…
12:00:00 AM
“I mean your face,” Sherlock muttered. His cheeks reddened, and John blushed too. He managed a stiff nod and let Sherlock continue drying him off. Once he was done with the right side, Sherlock placed a blanket over him. John started to warm up, but still trembled as Sherlock cleaned his left side.
They sat at the table, John taking more than usual and Sherlock taking a reasonable amount.
Mary raised an eyebrow. “Car?”
Margaret appeared with a soft smile. “Everything all right?”
John chuckled. “All right.” He closed his eyes, but Sherlock shook him gently to keep him awake.
John lost his patience. “I swear Sherlock I will make your life miserable if you don’t let me come along. If you truly love me, then let me go!”
“What drug is this?” Dr. Robbins interrupted gently.
John placed a finger against Sherlock’s lips gently, silencing him. “I’m fine. It’s up to you.” He looked intently at him, hoping to convey that it really was all right.
“He’s not part of this,” Sherlock claimed. “He was acting…odd. He kept looking around and was antsy. They must have been watching him, which meant he was forced to get rid of me.”
“What makes you think I’ll agree to that? Once you are dead, I could just kill John afterwards.”
*            *            *
Sherlock didn’t meet his gaze and instead focused on the hospital-issued blankets. John took that as an answer.
“She’s my landlady.”
Feeling slightly hurt, John stood up and went to the table. He sat down and opened his laptop and notepad, and began to type up their last case—the one with Canterbury and George Ellis. He wasn’t sure what to call it yet, but he began re-reading his notes, and recalling the beginning.
Anthea stood behind them, but kept her gaze on her phone. Mycroft was standing beside her, at ease and not showing any impatience like his brother.
“But why—?”
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowed. “John—.”
“Well, you were fairly easy on him. Wasn’t expecting that.”
“It doesn’t make any sense—.”
Mycroft eyed his brother again. “Derek Shepherd was taken care of. As for the other, Sven Moran, Sebastian’s cousin, I have people looking for him. He couldn’t have gotten far.”
*            *            *
The walker slide suddenly against the wet floor, and Sherlock leaned with it before he could stabilize his stance, and fell forward. He put his hands out to stop himself, but fell anyways, landing on his right wrist.
Vanessa lowered the other railing, and then removed the blanket from John’s chest. He was only wearing the hospital gown, and he hadn’t had a sponge bath in a few days, so there were stains over it and he felt dirtier with this many people in the room. John glanced at Sherlock and Victor, and then looked away.
Lestrade’s face tightened, his jaw clenching with discomfort. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock shook his head, his curls becoming even more untidy. “It’s fine. I’d prefer to be awake.”
WARNING: Some language
After a minute of silence, John exhaled suddenly, and his face realized slightly with understanding, but also uncertainty. He shuffled his feet and unraveled his fists. “I—there are some things that I’ve always wanted to say, to you, Sherlock. I—when you jumped, those were the things that came into my mind as you fell. I thought I wouldn’t get another chance so…I need you to tell me why. Because I think I know now. I’ve been thinking about it for some time, but I wasn’t sure. So please, say it.”
John’s eyes widened as he realized Sherlock remained motionless and speechless, and hadn’t even flinch is some way of response. It was definitely embarrassment now rising on the doctor’s cheeks and neck.
“Sher—SHERLOCK!”
“I already did.”
John stiffly stood up and leaned against a crutch as he looked in the mirror. His face was slightly pinker, but it could easily be explained by the steam of the shower.
Taking in a deep breath, he reached for the walker they kept in the bathroom, and brought it in front of him. He hesitated, and then ran his fingers down his leg. The faintest whisper of his fingertips tingled the hairs on his leg, and he inhaled sharply.
“Yes, well, now I’m getting to it.”
Sherlock straightened up and shrugged. “I don’t want you in the flat.”
“God, you feel so good.”
“I know that! I thought—Sherlock, he…”
“My name is Sherlock Watson-Holmes,” he said slowly. “I live at 221B Baker Street. You are my husband.” He paused, and John slowly let out his breath and nodded.
“Oh yeah, what is it?”
“Morphine… please, Sherlock, get me some—,”
“Um, well people they like, people they don’t. Colleagues, friends, boyfriends, girlfriends.”
“Sherlock…”
John groaned, and Sholto’s face reappeared in front of him.
John looked at Sherlock and then nodded. He reached for Sherlock hand and squeezed it before sitting back down.
“I’ll research some stories. What else are there besides Cinderella?”
John giggled. “Why don’t you show me what other moves you know.”
They toppled forward, and then John couldn’t catch his breath. He crawled away back towards the ledge, which he stiffly used to pull himself up to stand.
Mycroft sighed. “It wouldn’t hurt to have this checked, now we know about doppelgangers impersonating one of the men in the photos.”
“Thanks, Lucy. I’m sorry about your mother. Watch what she’s eating and drinking; the nursing home will be going through everyone’s medication to make sure nothing was altered. Again, I’m really sorry.” John lowered his tired gaze and took a steady breath.
John sighed shakily and pressed his forehead against the cool window. A sudden urge infiltrated his mind—his chest tightened and his breathing grew strained. He could barely breath in this place—he needed out now!
There was a loud knock on the door, and then Mrs. Hudson’s voice. John rolled his eyes and looked away, ignoring Sherlock’s smug look. Alex appeared in the doorway with some equipment, and greeted the two.
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
“It is. Now get dress,” John said.
HELP! HELP!
Sherlock made a noncommittal noise and resumed eating. Several minutes later, the dishes were cleaned and the pair lounged onto the sofa, Sherlock lying his feet over John’s lap while John started to read. The kettle boiled, and Sherlock went into the kitchen, and poured two cups of tea, his being a new brand John had made him try, which to his dismay he quite liked—and to John’s disbelief, unfortunately taking a little more out of his wallet. Sherlock brought them to the sitting room and handed John his tea before sitting back down.
“Uncuff me Sherlock.”
The voices submerged as the distance grew, except a set of running feet was following him, the man’s ragged breaths echoing through the entrance to the hospital.
John walked away with hesitating, stiff movements. Sherlock almost called out to him to come back, but restrained himself. As the door slowly came to a close, Sherlock was alone. He remembered a little of what had led to the coma, but most of the memories were fragments of scenes and sounds, John’s voice in particular.
Whenever John handed him tea, Sherlock smiled at him, sometimes forcibly and sometimes not, as if it was a habit he had fallen into and didn’t notice (or bother questioning). At first John was perplexed, his hopes rising slightly, but Sherlock had tilted his head to his exposed left arm, and then John remembered, and smiled back, even though it sent a pang in his chest.
“It’s quite sad,” he murmured.
Sherlock swallowed tightly, and didn’t let go of John’s hand. “I thought…” he trailed off, and shook his head.
“Sher-lock?”
“You wish it didn’t happen.”
“So how—.”
“John was no where near Jack. So the mask theory makes perfect sense. In fact, it’s a practice one. Stan fools Jack, gets him on board, but Jack’s only it for one thing: to clear his own name. He was involved in Kandahar, their first target for reasons unknown—probably tedious—but O’Brian gets caught in the crosshairs. He breaks from them, arrives home to find he’s wanted so he vanishes, and starts to collect his own evidence. Then it’s November, and things are going as planned. John is spotted easily with Stan, and then reaches the interest of MI6. CTU gets involved, as it was their plan from the start to get him in for themselves—or at least, Moran’s plan. Now I said this earlier with Kim and my brother, but we decided to keep it to ourselves, see how it plans out—now Mary, how was India?”
Sherlock looked at him and narrowed his eyes. John continued.
He looked up to see Sherlock looking at his hand. He gently started rubbing it—massaging the hand and palm, and then moving up his wrist and arm in circular motions. The trembles lessened, and John slowly started to relax.
Alarms rang from the monitor and Sherlock turned back around to face John. John was hunched over, and vomiting over the sheets. He was clenching his stomach, and then he quickly flopped back against the pillow, arching his back and clenching his teeth in pain.
watsonsanatomy.tumblr.com
“No. He’s not. He’s just a boring doctor from the town nearby. He has two cats, although he’s allergic but won’t admit it. He’s happily married, no children. He and his wife can barely take care of the cats, the scratches all over his hands clearly telling so. He’s shorter than average, has no coordination skills so would be a poor fighter…”
John slowly opened his eyes, feeling tired, painless, but sore. He carefully sat up, and going by the orange light streaming through the window, it was either early morning or early evening. John had no idea.
John stared at him, eyes wide and glassy with unshed tears. He shut them closed and after a moment opened them to find Sherlock still standing.
John looked at him coldly. “You are to me. Sherlock isn’t.”
“Oh.”
Sherlock nodded—the closest appreciation Mycroft was going to get from him—and with that, he was off, the sun just about setting.
“Truck, cabin, fork,” Sherlock replied. Willoughby raised an eyebrow, and Sherlock flinched.
“I am not going to get tested, John. That won’t do anything.”
“Is that where they’re meeting?” Mary asked.
“Checking out Sumatra Road, like you said!” Sherlock pointed out. “There are explosives all over the tunnel. There must be something here…some kind of trigger.” Sherlock stood up and began looking around. John stared at him, stunned, and then looked at Mary. His eyes widened a bit, and then he stood up, still looking at her.
“And why would I do that?”
Sherlock let out a shaky breath and leaned against the top of the incubator, pressing is hand against the top just above John’s heart. It looked too much like a coffin, apart from being transparent, and it hurt deep inside that he couldn’t touch John anymore.
Sherlock’s face froze for a millisecond before falling back to its impassiveness. “Your sister! There’s always something,” he mumbled.
“Seems too easy,” he muttered. Sherlock only hummed in agreement. The footage revealed Fletcher’s location, and as Lestrade had examined other footage as well, it was clear where the murderer had gone to hide.
“Yes.”
Entering the kitchen, John spotted Sherlock standing still; his eyes were squeezed shut and his eyebrows drawn, looking like he was concentrating.
John raised his head. “No, they didn’t. You left it in the car. I saw it on the seat, so it must have fallen out or something…”
“Lucy Ellis.”
John furrowed his brow. “What is it?”
“What about music?” John asked.
Sherlock stared at him, his jaw clenching. “Don’t use that against me,” he said gravely as he took a step forward.
A few days later, John had come up with another
Keep in mind this was written months before season 3 aired, though I edited it after.
“The case I’m working on, it’s why I tried to get you to leave the flat yesterday.”
“Bad time?” Lestrade asked, his eyes darting around the flat.
“We want to see if he can stand up,” Mandy explained. John lowered his head and shuddered. He was still wearing a hospital gown, and the lowered temperature was starting to get to him. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him, and hunched his shoulders, suddenly feeling unexplainably ashamed.
*            *            *
John slowly broke them apart, but still close enough to feel each other’s breaths. He raised his hands and cupped Sherlock’s jaw, lifting it up so their eyes met. The doctor’s eyes were glistening and slightly pink, but the glisten faded with every blink.
Sherlock nodded. “You have her number?” John nodded. “Ask for the name and address. Florence was drugged by her medication last time, and once we get the drawing, I think my theory will work out.”
Sherlock clutched at John’s back and held him tightly. He let out a shuddering breath and bathed in the affection John was pressing to his temple with his lips. He raised his head slightly and met John’s eyes. His eyes were very similar to the man he had thought was John, but they were different in design. Dark blue surrounded the outer circle with jagged lines of green spread out from the pupils like a sun. Basking in the confirmation that this was really John, Sherlock reached for John’s lips with a desperate kiss. John cupped his jaw firmly and held him in place as they kissed, sucking on each other’s tongue and lips.
John nodded and shrugged again. Dr. Bailey didn’t pry.
John fell into a fit of giggles, sending a warm shiver down Sherlock’s chest. He basked in it for only a moment and then shrugged it off.
Mrs. Ellis seemed to think for a moment, before she answered him. “Austen and Chaucer come around.” Lucy took her mother’s hand and squeezed it. She looked at Sherlock.
John huffed. “Fine, you take them then.”
“You’re humming.” The man being admired said out of the blue.
“I didn’t ask you too—.”
John felt weightless surround him apart from his chest, which ached with a heavy pressure. He shifted and tried to dislodge whatever was on top of him but nothing moved. Darkness surrounded him, which he realized was because his eyes were closed. He peeked them open to whiteness. A sudden pain shot through his head as blood pounded in his ears but he didn’t hear his heart beat. He didn’t hear anything.
“Gather your evidence, and we’ll take it from there.”
“Why would he be doing that?”
Sherlock shook his head rapidly. “No, he’ll be fine. He can breathe on his own—.”
“We have people on stand by with the suits ready—.”
John nodded.
John scoffed weakly and turned his head away from Sherlock. He glanced at the door, when a nurse walked in.
John released his hand hesitantly and reached the bedside table drawer. He took out a pen and handed it to Sherlock. Sherlock uncapped it and began writing on his hand.
“Alright I know where this is going. You’re just trying to disengage yourself from any emotions or sentiment so you could win. That’s it, that’s why. But Sherlock, you need to stopping lying to yourself and just admit that someone out there—or perhaps right in front of you—loves you with all his heart! How can
Please comment, I would love to know what you think so far :)
The man only inclined his head slightly, so Sherlock continued.
John’s eyes finally found Sherlock’s, and he simply blinked, mumbling incoherently.
“Because you’ve been indoors for nearly three weeks. You need fresh air and sunlight. It’s a warm day out, so we’re going. I’ll find some kind of bottoms you could wear.” John headed upstairs, and came back quickly, already changed into a pair of old shorts, and holding another in his hand.
“You n-ever told me—,” John mumbled as he slowly lost his balance and leaned heavily against Sherlock.
John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock, his lips gentle at first, and then desperate. Sherlock kissed him back, trailing his arms around his body and holding him against him. They trailed kisses along the other, murmuring incoherent words and praises.
“You’re not John.”
“Something’s wrong, John.”
Sherlock didn’t respond. John shifted his balance and waited. After several moments, he sighed and lowered his voice.
Sherlock scoffed. “Oh for—I don’t use my
“You’re right,” Sherlock remarked.
The smoke was thickening, and he looked down the stairs to see a small fire slowly rising in the kitchen.
Sherlock spun on his heal and ran out the door. The others followed him as security entered the hospital room. Sherlock ran down the hall and immediately headed towards the exit. He pushed through it and entered the darkened parking lot. He looked around, and then spotted two blond haired figures in the distance, one behind pulled by the arm to keep up.
“Or I drain him off all his emotions he has left to offer.” Sherlock suggested.
“Just a sec. Let me get in,” John said.
“Sherlock Watson-Holmes.”
“Our room.” Sherlock corrected him and led him down the hall, closing the door behind them.
*            *            *
“Sherlock?”
“Of course, Sherlock,” John said, his voice sounding as if he was amused at something, but Sherlock couldn’t be sure as he was behind him and couldn’t see his face.
The smoke stung his eyes, and the heat overwhelmed him. He looked around, and quickly headed towards the stairs.
“Any ideas? I think it’s safe to say it’s probably got to do with Moran.”
“It’s not unheard of, to recover some sense after paralysis.”
“What—oh, Jesus, Sherlock, you aren’t supposed to have these—”
“I have a suggestion…” John said hesitantly.
—lucky. They planned to take the tube out of his mouth the next morning, and hopefully have him awake that night.
“Oh…” He raised his eyebrows, clearly surprised.
“Sh-lock?” He slurred. “You came back. I-I thought you…lettin’ me go—.”
“It’ll be a wedding present.”
John shivered harshly as he jolted awake. He opened his eyes to see water streaming into the hull of the boat, at an alarming rate. He flinched as he became more aware of the startling cold water drenching him.
“Just do it!”
“Go solve the case,” he said lightly.
Kingston rubbed his forehead. “Um, I could led you to him. But I’ll need a deal.”
John’s heart clenched and his anger vanished.
“You’re sure you can walk?”
“Yes, they know, although…”
“Anything bothering you?”
“There must be an explanation,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly.
“I’m…sorry it has to be like this,” John said. “I want him to be happy. And you seemed to have done that.”
Before the words were in the air, Harry stepped forward and slapped him clean across the check. He staggered to the side just slightly before composing himself, his check already reddened by the surprise attack. He should of known that that response was a possibility, however he wasn’t expecting it from Harry, only John (and perhaps Lestrade).
“I’m sorry I didn’t stay, John,” Sherlock said softly. John glanced at him and then looked away, nodding.
“Please…” John rasped. He sighed shakily and sighed a plea again, but Sherlock only shook his head with a somber look.
John’s eyes widened and he shook his head. He nodded to his left hand, hoping to express what he thought.
“I need to put the towel underneath you,” Sherlock said. John nodded, and then lowered his bed until it was about a one hundred and sixty degree angle. He tried to turn on his side, but then he paused. He looked at Sherlock, raising an eyebrow. Sherlock stared at him, and then said, “oh.”
*            *            *
John scoffed and shook his head. “That’s not a reason.”
“I need help! John? John!” Sherlock aimlessly yelled John’s name as he shook him gently in an attempt to wake him up. A nurse and a doctor rushed in and assessed the alarms and looked over John’s medical chart.
“Probably?”
He came out holding a small shaving mirror. John snatched it and without hesitation he looked at his reflection.
“But all the evidence points to John.” Mary exclaimed.
“It was buried under John’s hospital reports when he was in the army. They could easily be dismissed because they aren’t sorted by patient name, but by date.”
John helped him in his chair, and they headed out the back. The path that led to the beach was indeed smooth, and they reached the edge of the beach quickly. John had brought a bag and pulled two towels out and laid them beside the sand.
John breathed in slowly while he processed this. He pressed his cheek against Sherlock’s forehead and squeezed their interlocked hands.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s baritone voice echoed against the silence.
“Sherlock…”
John smiled sadly. “You’ll get us out of here. I trust you.”
He climbed out of bed and looked around the room. Sherlock was nowhere in sight, and his side of the bed was made. John couldn’t tell if it had been disturbed at all or not. He carefully dressed in clean clothes, wary of his bandaged arm, and placed the sling back on before heading out into the kitchen. Upon entering, he saw Sherlock faced down on the counter, with piles of papers and petri dishes surrounding him. The man was fast asleep. John started to step forward, when Sherlock shifted and then sat upright, waking up almost immediately.
“Sherlock? Can you hear me?”
Vanessa sighed. “If you want, John, then yes, I can.”
“Sherlock, you’re bleeding—.”
There's implied Sherlock/original character, but there isn't anything detailed and hopefully makes sense after you read it
Sherlock gave him a quizzical look. “What?”
Willoughby raised an eyebrow; Sherlock scoffed again.
“And how do you know that?” Sherlock asked suspiciously.
“Shallow but steady.”
“I’m right here John.” Sherlock pointed to John’s chest, where his heart laid beneath. “I’m here but you have to promise me you’ll live. For me. Promise?”
“Close the blinds, John.”
Fuming, Sherlock continued shouting John’s name for another ten minutes, his frustration and his resentment towards his injury rising.
“Mycroft already knows—.”
He lay on his back, and looked up at the ceiling. Sherlock lay back, and turned his head, looking at him.
Sherlock looked around to see John looking at him, his eyes slightly parted, but glistening.
“Alright…by first…”
“Yeah,” John confirmed as he settled in his armchair. “You wouldn’t believe what I walked into at her flat. Or maybe you can guess,” John said teasingly, yet his face refrained from grinning.
The machine echoed with alarms as different numbers turned red and emergent. John’s eyes remained closed, and he didn’t respond to any of Sherlock or Grey’s calls.
John’s phone rang in the background, but they ignored it. John started unbuttoning Sherlock’s purple shirt, trailing his lips downward as he followed his movements. John’s phone rang again, and with an annoyed huff he pulled back.
Thank you everyone who's reading this! It means a lot, and here's chapter 2, surprisingly the very next day! :)
Sherlock remained quiet as they were taken to the hospital.
Loneliness penetrated the atmosphere; John felt helplessness and sadness all at once, and it only greatened the pain.
“Oh so guilt is forcing you to say—”
John nodded and then fell silent.
The detective began to swim towards the docks, pulling John beside him. The docks were close; a ramp led to the higher level. Sirens were echoing from a distance, but were definitely coming closer. John remained oblivious to the movement and sounds; he was silent but his brows were still creased with confusion. Sherlock was grateful for this simply because John wasn’t trying to break free.
“Watching a loved one slowly not recognize you. I’ve seen some cases before I joined the army, it’s almost worst than cancer.”
Sherlock corrected himself.
Sherlock glanced at him. John smiled at him, tiredly yet, warmly. Sherlock’s eyes flickered with uncertainty, and shook his head. John felt himself bristle, but he wasn’t sure why. He furrowed his eyebrows in confusion.
“But it wasn’t in their medication you tested.”
“I think I’ll shave you—god, the sound of that…just, let me get the tools. C’mon, Rosie.”
Sherlock huffed and kissed him again, parting his lips with his tongue and deepening the kiss. John moaned against him and scooted closer. They only managed to get their shirts off before there was a knock on the door. Putting himself back together, John stood up to retrieve their food.
“I’m going to have a shower.” John said out of the blue. “Don’t suppose you can find a case, you know, anything to…” His voice trailed off as he headed into he bathroom, and didn’t bother finishing whatever he wanted to say as he closed the door behind him.
Their kisses grew more heated, and pretty soon Sherlock and John had their pajamas and underpants off, their cocks hard with arousal.
Sherlock spoke, careful with his words. “John,” He began softly. “It’s really me now. I’m Sherlock and I’m here for you. We need to leave before—.”
Sherlock shook his head. “He’s barely conscious. I’ll check on him after we’re done here.” He looked around the room, spotting Mary, Lee, Moran, Mycroft, Anthea—who was looking surprisingly well after no doubt several hours of endless interrogation, however fortunately didn’t receive any extensive measures—and Ms. Sinclair. Kim took a seat by her father while Sherlock sat at the end closest to the entrance as the room fell silent.
Sherlock and John walked into the victim’s home, accompanied by Lestrade. Sherlock made his way easily to the end of the stairs, which were directly in front of the door, on the right, while John looked around as he followed him. At the foot of the stairs, there was a dried pool of blood.
Sherlock’s cheeks reddened, but when he spoke, his voice vibrated with confidence, contrasting with John’s earlier high-pitched giggle. “Then let’s take this to the bedroom.”
“Yes, I took you to Bart’s, and Molly is running it.”
John furrowed his brows. “Too late? For what?”
“It’ll grow back.” Sherlock reassured and a grin twitched at his lips.
“So do you,” Sherlock gasped. Fully inside John, Sherlock paused and collected himself. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back and thrusted his hips upward, startling Sherlock.
WARNING: Suicidal Themes
comment please!! :)
“Harry, how on earth did you know?”
Shyly Sherlock smiled back and then leaned in and captured John’s lips, deepening the kiss immediately. Excitement, nervousness, desire, and possibly even love surrounded the pair as they made their way home back to Baker Street.
Sarah looked at him with concern. “No I just heard you shouting. Everything alright?”
“What?”
He faintly felt Sherlock’s hand run through his hair, so he slowly turned to face him. Sherlock met his eyes, and they stared at each other for a few seconds. John’s gaze trailed down from Sherlock’s eyes to a faint mark on his neck. It took John a few seconds to realize what it was, and his cheeks reddened even more. He swallowed tightly and turned his head away abruptly. Sherlock withdrew his hand and took a step back.
“Told him what?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock opened the door, finding it conveniently unlocked, and stormed in until he had a clear sight of John.
“Open this door!” Sherlock demanded. As Mycroft pulled his keys out, a small foot slammed against the door, breaking it open. Sherlock glanced at Kim, who only smirked.
John nodded again. “So what’s the plan?” He asked as he stood up and limped to the desk chair.
Suddenly, Sherlock did something he had not planned. He turned around and crowed John into the minimal space left of the elevator and jammed his back into the railing. Sherlock towered over him and looked at him like he was prey. John met his gaze, but couldn't help but gulp with surprise.
“The diamond from you’re wedding ring also points to you. It came apart somehow easily and was left behind. It may not point to you but I’m sure John would recognize the cut.”
“Clingy.”
John nodded quickly. “I know what it is.” He sounded defeated, and Sherlock swallowed tightly.
Sherlock set the radio to a bearable station and then stood up, and pretended to analyze an unnecessary piece of substance in a petri dish. He listened to the music closely, keeping an ear out for John, and ever so slightly moving his hips to get used to a rhythm. This wasn’t the music he would have picked if he were to dance John off his feet, but it was too late to change it now; John would be home any moment.
“There’s something I need to do, and you’re not going to like it.”
“John,” Sherlock said urgently.
Sherlock turned the doorknob to find John sitting up in bed, his back towards the door. His hand was clutched at his chest and his other clenched tightly in the sheets still tangled around his waist and legs. He was breathing fast and unevenly, definitely hyperventilating.
“John—”
Sherlock did, and then Robbins left. Mycroft sat beside him.
“Sherlock calm down!”
“Go ahead John.”
?” He grinned at his own remark, and eyed Sherlock, who was moving their armchairs out of the way.
“I don’t know where that came from.” He claimed, a light blushing rising on his cheeks.
John squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head. He hadn’t even thought about that; he wasn’t even sure what was considered a bad thought.
John’s eyes were wide with shock and self-loathing. “Oh my God what have I done?” He raised his hand and trailed his fingers along Sherlock’s bruised forehead and dried blood that lined the small breaks of skin.
“I’ll do my best Sherlock—.”
The door hadn’t opened.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and pulled him away from the boat’s side. He broke to the surface, gasping in air for his desperate lungs. John gasped beside him, and suddenly began to sob; a wail escaped his throat, one that Sherlock never wanted to hear again.
“We had a bit of a scare this morning,” John began. “Last evening, Sherlock suffered from a mild concussion, and he was fine through the night, but then this morning he woke up with a headache, which is normal. But then he took a nap—.”
“It could be a decoy. I’m not sending my men in just for an email that’s meant for the suspect,” Lee said.
“N-no, stop it. Stop it!” John begged.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I didn’t pay attention, probably Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, and Molly.”
Sherlock pointed to him. “Ah, see, there he is. I knew he was around here somewhere.” Sherlock walked past the inspector and John and gracefully settled himself on the couch.
John shrugged back and looked back at the TV. “Didn’t see the point.”
“What changed your mind?” John asked in between bites.
Mary shook her head. “All we know is that there will be an attack against Parliament, and that Stan is involved. The evidence against Watson suggest he is as well but—.”
Sherlock flickered his eyes over John’s face and then sighed.
“We haven’t been fucking, Mary,” John responded quickly. Sherlock was stuck in place, his eyes fixed on this woman who decided to just waltz into their flat and take John away from him—
Sherlock asked himself. He hated doubting himself, but it seemed unbelievable, that someone would stay with him, despite all of his sulks and obsessions, and despite his physical state.
, then I’ll drop my gun and I’ll let Moran shoot me.”
Sherlock stepped in front of John and locked their gazes. “I’m here for you.”
Sherlock turned around abruptly, his face impassive. “I won’t help you, if you don’t want me to.”
“Ch—hair?” John offered.
“Hang on, Sherlock!” Lestrade called after him.
The days went by in a blur, in which John noticed but not with enough concern to question anyone. He followed orders, took his medication, and ignored the inkling feeling he had that something was wrong, and that he missed Sherlock. If any of the doctors or nurses knew he missed his hallucination, they would put him on more medication, and John didn’t want to loose himself, whatever remained. He was sure of that.
Sherlock gasped. “That bastard. I take it he got what he had coming?”
John shook his head in defeat. “Guess not.”
John nodded against Sherlock’s chest and leaned into him further, hiding his face.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about?” Mary snapped back.
“A story without its plot, climax, and end,” Sherlock answered flatly.
“There were two doctors who had been fired for malpractice in the past five years up until Ellis retired.Kevin Dashwood’s whereabouts are unknown, but he did have his medical license taken away nearly five years ago. Dr. Charles Canterbury is working at a pharmacy, which is…the one where the Ellis’s get their medication.”
“I don’t mean to put up any conditions, but if you love me, Sherlock, you would see that—.”
The man didn’t respond, but Sherlock knew he was right.
“You were expecting me to return.” Sherlock sated as he continued to pry more out of the foolish man.
He made it another three, when his vision started to blur and his left leg started to tremble.
“What about—.”
“You left it at the pub.”
“Don’t,” Sherlock insisted. “It was my fault. Seems all I do is get you hurt.” He laughed weakly, but it didn’t lighten the mood at all. John clenched his jaw and lowered his head.
“Full name?” Willoughby looked over the screen and at John. John minutely shook his head.
Sherlock’s cheeks reddened, and he grinned. John’s smile faltered slightly when he noticed his cheeks, but he caught himself and widened his smile.
“No shit,” John muttered. Sherlock felt slightly put out, normally John would have allowed him to announce his deductions, and yet at the same time he was having difficulty finding the relation between the two. It wasn’t Harry, the expensive clothing made that obvious. Who the hell was this woman? An ex-girlfriend seemed more likely, but this much hatred coming from John—sweet, gentle John—it seemed unlikely. A co-worker with disagreements seemed likely, but then why come here to talk to John?
“What’s wrong with you?”
“Mum, these men would like to talk to you about dad?”
A loud crack echoed in the street. Sherlock stopped in his tracks and looked ahead of him. Bystanders were looking around also, some even up to the sky. Clearly the sound came from above, but where was it directed?
“He’s doing all right, very quiet which…I guess is expected. Would you like a cuppa?”
Sherlock followed Lestrade to the interrogation room, keeping his chin held high and ignoring the concerned and nosy stares.
Sherlock tensed, and turned around, focusing on the wall. “I don’t pity you. Not at all. But how can you…love me?” He mumbled aberrantly quiet that John barely heard him.
Lucy gasped. “Dashwood’s a character. But there aren’t any main male characters with that name, and this Dashwood’s first name is Kevin.”
“Come on, Mr. Watson. It’s took cold out for a walk,” she said, her Irish accent strong despite her gentle wording.
“I’m here Sherlock.” He said slowly. “I’m right here and I’m not going anywhere.”
“You can say that.”
“Please?”
“…I’ve always had an affinity to bees. Have I ever told you that? Probably, but you just hadn’t been listening. I’m still here, by the way, if you want to contribute to this fascinating conversation. You could be stuck in here for days, but at least I’m here for you. Unlike the real Sherlock. He wasn’t. He’s never there for you. He leaves you by your bedside on countless occasions, literally even, and then expects you to stay by his. I’m
John sighed aggravated. He couldn’t even form his thoughts coherently enough to think what he wanted. John let out a sighed that sounded like a whimper, and he started to lean with them, but then he quickly leaned forward just as their grip slackened. He managed to sit up, but then the room spun and his head and back throbbed.
The pair rushed upstairs, kicking off shoes and pulling off jackets as John walked backwards into the sitting room, kissing Sherlock deeply and holding him closely.
Sherlock appeared by his side and wiped John’s forehead with a damp cloth.
John blinked again. He remained silent for another moment longer, staring incomprehensively at the paperwork. Finally, he looked up.
“What?”
“I don’t want to argue,” he said.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. “But before—.”
“So what is it that you—” John started after he ordered his dinner. Before he could continue, Angelo came back and set down a candle, and then left, winking at John. Sherlock kept his gaze out the window. He had decided to ignore any assumptions of their…whatever it was, in an attempt to appear distant and give John a hint.
“You will not,” Mycroft interrupted. “Unless you have solid evidence of Sherlock’s involvement, you would do no such thing. The car that just left was a faded light blue, nearly grey, original Mini, the year between 1997 and 98. The license plate number began with LA14 but the last three digits I failed to catch—.”
She turned to John, and smiled gently. “Take care, Dr. Watson.”
“What’s the point of this?” Sherlock asked.
“Sherlock?” he said, dropping the light tone he had had for the past hour.
Sherlock took his hand but didn’t respond.
“John…” Sherlock breathed.
As he rinsed his body, he cleared his throat and called out to Sherlock. “What do you want to do for dinner?”
“Sherlock?” John whispered the next morning. Sherlock made an incoherent sound and shifted his face into the pillows. It was well into the morning, and despite the mild concussion, Sherlock would have gotten up at least to stretch. But he hadn’t moved while John showered and ate, and he couldn’t help but feel a little wary.
“John…” Sherlock’s voice was broken, and John instantly disliked it.
“When Lestrade gets here, I’ll update him. I’ll have people working closely on this Sherlock. I’ll keep you in the loop, but you’re not in any state to be—.”
Sherlock swallowed tightly. “We met in university, and parted on good terms. Then we ran into each other several months ago, and…” Sherlock trailed off, seemingly hesitant to continue. John squeezed his hand weakly, hoping to convey that he wanted Sherlock to continue. Sherlock nodded firmly.
“Oh, apologies. Well…just keep it. If he ever wants to date, this will be useful.” Dmitri muttered goodbye to John, then left. John entered the sitting room, carrying two cups of tea.
They kissed for a few minutes, before Sherlock leaned back, his cheeks heated.
Sherlock turned to Anthea, who had gone just slightly paler and was furrowing her eyebrows. The men stepped towards her and cuffed her before she could protest a complete sentence.
John didn’t respond, and Sherlock couldn’t see his face.
“There aren’t any.”
Taking in deep, shuddering breaths, John still wasn’t able to relax. He spent minutes repeating the same thought, as if trying to convince himself that this was just a nightmare, or even better if it was just a lie. Sure, it felt sickening to think Sherlock would lie to him after all this time, but a tremendous relief too if he really did love John back. It seemed too obvious; from the beginning of their relationship almost two weeks ago it seemed incredibly clear to John that Sherlock had feelings for him. It most certainly did not feel like a test, and recalling on their moments, John began feeling confident that all this was just a deploy; an insane idea Sherlock came up last minute to try and beat Moran. It was hurtful, but John hoped Sherlock had it under control.
Sherlock shuffled his feet. “Alright, then…”
“Sherlock’s CAT scan doesn’t show anything,” he began steadily. “Now, taking into account his age, any kind of dementia is unlikely, but it’s not unheard of. But I think it’s safe to say that Sherlock does not have any kind of dementia or Alzheimer’s. As of now.”
The quivering voice said.
for updates check my tumblr, same username as this one, and pretty please comment!
Sherlock wiped his face and sniffled; he attempted to sit up, and John wrapped his arm around his back to keep him upright. Something in him must have snapped, because before he could bit his lip or even his tongue, tears were leaking down his cheeks. He bit the inside of his mouth to keep himself silent, and leaned into John’s embrace. John held him closer, and muttered incoherently as he rested his hand on Sherlock’s neck, rubbing soothing circles.
John gaped at Sherlock.
John took a deep breath and let it out, the adrenaline slowing down with it.
Sherlock looked up. “Do you trust me?”
“Yes. Because—.” Sherlock claimed but cut himself off. The reason could possibly be a bit not good. John examined his expression and it dawned on him.
The next moment happened in slow motion. Sherlock turned to John and tackled him to the floor just as a bullet whizzed by his shoulder. The detective fell on top of his blogger, eyes blown wide.
“What’s going on Sherlock?”
There was a sudden thud coming from the kitchen, startling Sherlock from his thoughts. He sat up and looked towards it, but couldn’t see or hear anything.
John shook his head. “Not at all. Just want some tea, and I think I’ll rest a bit. I’m not really hungry.”
Lestrade nodded. “He started asking for a case, and when I asked about you, he didn’t know who I was talking about…” Lestrade trailed off as John’s face slowly paled. “I’m afraid…I can’t help but ask, he’s not—.”
*            *            *
“Ready?” Sherlock asked.
“When the police are out of their depths of knowledge, which is always, they consult me.”
that. He just couldn’t accept it. He didn’t want the doctor visits, the pinching of the prosthetic, the falling down, and the
John furrowed his eyebrows and looked at Sherlock. Sherlocks eyes were wide now; telling John he knew what John had noticed and was about to ask.
“S-so-r-yy,” John managed to mumble.
“I never said it was fun.” The ghost snapped.
“Has it stopped bleeding?”
Sherlock was used to these moments by now. During the past three days, John had only been conscious for a couple of hours at a time, and every time there would be a moment of possible catatonia. John would fall silent, stare at his injured arm, and remain that way for several hours. He wouldn’t pretend he was ok; he hadn’t even demanded to be discharged since that one time this morning. He didn’t bring it up again. He was just quiet.
“Later,” John dismissed, and led him out of the lab. They headed home in silence, Sherlock sneaking glances at him but surprisingly keeping quiet. Once they walked back into their flat, Sherlock discarded his coat and jacket and lied down on the sofa. John hovered by him, at a lost of what to do.
“Not like you to care…” he muttered.
John paused and realized with resignation that he still smelled like the hospital. Liking the idea of a shower, he stood up with one aid under his right arm; he stiffly walked to the shower and turned it on. Once it was on, he sat down and started to undress.
John hummed tensely. He could feel Sherlock hovering.
“John!”
“Sherlock?”
John took a shaky breath, sniffled, and then slowly lifted himself up, holding the crutch in his left hand and cradling his injured wrist to his chest. He wobbled a few times, and then felt hands wrap around his waist, holding him upright. He leaned into the touch slightly, and silently allowed Sherlock to help him down the stairs.
John nodded with understanding and scooted to the left, closer to the edge of their boat, away from Sherlock. They were catching up quickly, and surprisingly Fletcher hadn’t moved. He was still standing at the wheel.
Sherlock entered the familiar sitting room, breathing in the smell of home. John sat their bags down and sat in his armchair, sighing with relief.
John settled back in his seat and his smile faltered slightly. “Oh, but first, we need to run to the shop.” Sherlock sighed, and John grinned wider. He felt utterly lighter, and couldn’t wait to put this whole ordeal behind them. He was unaware of the fact that things were going to get a lot worse.
The detective took a step towards his lover but the man glared at him and revealed a gun attached to his belt. He gripped it tightly as if he was ready to pull it out in any moment.
“Mycroft. Any news?”
Sherlock scoffed and stepped back, the closeness overwhelming. He was sure no one from Scotland Yard had noticed. Apparently, he underestimated one.
“So Moran? Is he dead?” John asked.
“Of course, I do. I forgive you,” John interrupted, not questioning it one bit.
“You’re not coming—,”
“No don’t I was joke-ing, I was…joking…” He slurred. “P-pleassse… don’t leave. Stay. With me. Before I go…I ‘on’t want to be alone…”
Sherlock broke the surface, gasping for air. He held John tight against his uninjured shoulder and paddled to the docks. Mycroft waited by the edge, Sherlock’s in his arms. Flashing sirens brightened the night from a close distance, and the sounds indicated they were closing in.
“He may not be able to,” Margaret clarified. Sherlock shook his head and buried his masked face in John’s hair. John was still taking deep breaths, and leaning against Sherlock, clutching at his gown and muttering incoherently.
“That’s nice of her. Maybe I will catch some sleep. How about you?” John couldn’t help but ask.
“Do you… want to know what is wrong? What’s happened to me, Sherlock? Why I’m so cold, so distant—why I’m trying to ignore you? You want to know what happened to me? You, YOU HAPPENED TO ME!”
Sherlock shook his head. “If I did, he’d want to come in and explain it’s a misunderstanding. But…”
IMPORTANT: I edited chapter 7, the conversation between Mycroft and Sherlock because I realized Shepherd's involvement wasn't quite hinted at enough.
“Give me a name.”
*            *            *
“What happened to being in this together? Weren’t you listening to me this morning when I was getting patched up? I said—.”
Sherlock groaned as his surroundings began coming back to him. He opened his eyes and blinked away the bleariness. He was in a square room that had been an office. There was a desk and a chair in the corner beside him, a filing cabinet on the other side of the wall, and a coat hanger by the door, which was in front of him. He shifted, only to find his hands were handcuffed behind his back. He looked around and spotted John by the cabinet, still unconscious but starting to fidget, and had his hands tied behind his back as well.
A shudder ran through his body; John moaned and his eyes fluttered closed for a few seconds before he reopened them slightly. His eyes sharpened for a moment, focusing on the floor.
“No.” John blocked his way and stared him down. “You can’t just come back and refuse to talk to me.”
“Hey! Sarah, I’m not feeling well I need to take the rest of the day.”
John nodded tensely.
“Close enough for them I guess,” Mary muttered.
“Let’s see if I can help,” John purred deeply. He slid his hand through the waistband of Sherlock’s pants, and gave his flaccid cock a long gently pull.
“I don’t want to talk about it anymore.”
“You need proof, Sebastian,” Mycroft said coolly. “And I’m aware you don’t have any as of now, so move on. You’re wasting time.”
“This isn’t—I’m married, I—.”
Sherlock looked around, eyeing the daisies that surrounded them. It was surreal, and oddly comforting. The daises danced gently against the light breeze, and glowed a golden yellow against the sunrays. It was sentimental—the “loyal love” symbolism nearly screaming at him through the gentle wind, stinging his eyes.
“Take a deep breathe John, and hold it in,” Sherlock suggested.
*            *            *
“If you know I love you, why would you think that?” John questioned bitterly, but he remained in the tub.
. How can you doubt me?”
The car sped up and turned the corner sharply. Sherlock pressed up against John, causing him to whimper.
“It was nice to see you again, John. I remember you were the best doctor back in Kandahar.”
John shook his head to clear his thoughts and breathed slowly to calm himself down. After a couple of minutes, John sighed and reached for one of his crutches and slowly stood up. He reached for Sherlock, but the man flinched and took a step back, diverting his gaze to the floor.
“Mycroft will send me to some…recovery place,” Sherlock said, stopping himself from mentioning a safe house. He hadn’t told John yet about Moriarty’s network, and was sure Mycroft hadn’t said anything to him yet.
Sherlock shrugged and walked past John to leave the room, smirking slightly. He suddenly stopped in his tracks, and swayed. John was behind him in a second and placed his arm on his lower back. Sherlock’s eyes were closed and he slowly opened them. His face grimaced with frustration and he walked away, severing the contact.
Sherlock trailed his hand down John’s cheek. “Let me…” he whispered. He trailed his hand down John face, down to his chest, and then rested it on his belt buckle. He met John’s eyes, and found them darkening with arousal; Sherlock unbuckled the belt, and then slowly unzipped John’s jeans. He slipped his hand into the opening, and gently palmed John’s cock.
“Because…I don’t want you to,” Sherlock said flatly. John huffed in disbelief.
“Everything all right?” he asked as he hovered in front of John. He hadn’t visited since he left yesterday for lunch. John glared at him weakly and looked away, noticing he was freshly dressed and showered, clearly meaning he hadn’t been sidetracked by a case. That would have been preferable. Although, John was slightly grateful he wasn’t here earlier; sitting up and getting to the edge of the bed had been rough.
Go on; go!
“Somewhere along the tracks.” Sherlock paused. “Does Sumatra Road run through there?”
John nodded. “Ellis documented some symptoms and seemed to had written down his own thoughts. He came to a conclusion just before he died that his wife was being poisoned, and the Alzheimer’s was just a misdiagnosis.”
Rain splattered against the window, and he felt lonelier, despite having a daughter to coddle, and friends who coddled him. But he missed Sherlock so much, greater than ever before. Their relationship was strained, but John hoped deep down it would improve once they both healed, physically and mentally. And all the things John had wanted to say, but hadn’t, overwhelmed his mind with regret. John didn’t know how much longer he’d be able to do this.
Sherlock stared at him, his eyes widening, presumably with surprise. John held his breath as he waited for a response.
******************************************************************************
John entered Sherlock’s hospital room, using a pair of crutches to do so. He stopped in the doorway, despite his exhaustion, to see Sherlock climbing out of bed and pulling the cords and wires off his body, disconnecting himself from the monitors.
“He signed a—.”
I'll try to update as soon as possible, within the next 7 days hopefully!
Sherlock nodded responsively. “Did I get anything wrong?”
John furrowed his eyebrows. “You have nothing to be sorry for.”
John nodded and inhaled sharply through his nose. Sherlock raised his hand, and John grabbed it. He was pulled back up on his feet, and then nearly dragged his feet against the floor as he limped heavily back around his bed.
Sherlock set down the mug and looked at John closely. His hands were trembling. His jaw was clenched and his eyes were lowered; he was paler and looked startling thinner from this angle. He no longer had a slight amount of weight in his midsection, and his face lacked the sunshine glow John tended to have—he was like a dimming light bulb, on the cusp of burning completely out in front of Sherlock’s very eyes.
Sherlock shot his head up and met her gaze. Anthea paused typing and looked up too. Sherlock waited, but Mary remained quiet. Two men in black suits and clearly part of the security of the building stepped into the room.
“It’s not him. He won’t even look at me.”
“We were unable to take an x-ray, and we still want to, so we can be sure none of your ribs are fractured. It’s almost been twenty-four hours since your surgery, so we’ll wait a little bit and then take them, all right?”
Sherlock hovered but John kept him away with a fierce glare. He held onto the bed as he walked around it, since the railing was up on one side and he couldn’t lower it. He held onto the attached table and managed to go around. Sherlock seemed to have actually listened to his glare, since he stayed where he was, as John tried to figure out how to pull himself onto the bed.
Sherlock took the gun he had dropped and turned to Jack. “Lead the way.”
me. You’re here so I won’t be alone because I—” John began, his voice shaking with understanding.
Without waiting for a response but only catching a slight nod of understanding out of the corner of his eye, John left without looking back.
“Lets sit.” Lestrade led him to the waiting room, and had to gently push him against the chair for him to bend his legs. They sat in silence; Lestrade shifted uncomfortably for a moment, unsure what to say to the man. He had spoken to countless families after the loss of a loved one, but this was too close to home, it left him speechless.
