“The explanation is elementary, I assure you,” said the man, “And I would be very willing to explain it to you over coffee, if it weren’t also obvious that you dislike the brew.”
“And now here’s our barista, our John Watson, who found his soul mate in Sherlock Holmes. These two men have brought their exceptional gifts of making coffee and solving mysteries to our city, and Melbourne will be forever grateful. More importantly, they brought their gifts to each other. Nobody could see John and Sherlock together and fail to see how well they fit. I came to know them both separately, and each on his own is formidable. Together they are an example of friendship and love, a great working partnership, and, it has to be said, excellent use of hair products.”
John marched in, head held high, eyes straight ahead. Greg leaned over. “It’s your wedding not a muster for inspection,” he murmured.
“I don’t think she is quite, but she’s old enough to be interested, so John shoved it in the bag a few weeks ago, just in case.” Harry peered at the jar. Mashed peach and banana. “Ha. The bastard. Last time I met Mary for lunch Rosie kept grabbing my banana. Mary thought it was fucking hilarious, watching her squish it between her fingers and all over my hair. And Mary was no goddamned help at all. She just took pictures of it for her mad husbands. Here. Take a picture for John.” Harry held the jar next to one cheek. Rosie reached for the jar right across Harry’s face.
‘Your landlady picked up hers first. This is for you. Molly and Greg asked me to include the Waitrose’s caramel sauce. Cherry Vimto for John. Is that right?’
“It’s good to make sure the person wants to be kissed,” said John softly. “Don’t just go diving in.”
Sherlock straightened again at last. He started back towards the house, Giles at his side. Sherlock’s shoulders were less tense, his stride less terse. Giles was glad.
John’s phone pinged. He released Sherlock’s hand long enough to open the message, and he smiled. John showed the picture of Rosie that Harry had sent first to Leandra, then to Sherlock. Their little girl was gnawing on the octopus, dressed in a sunny yellow dress, her blue eyes scrunched as she cackle-giggled at her auntie's fingers wriggling on her belly.
“Should have read the bloody thing to myself before saying anything. Fucking idiot. I’m always such a thoughtless fucking idiot.”
John would be Having Words with Sherlock about this magpie habit of his, and how it had precipitated the Rosiegeddon. Not just yet, though. Sherlock was currently half way to Newcastle in a hire car, bag thrown on the back seat, and he wouldn’t be back for two days: more if the case proved complicated.
But Rosie had her auntie, and her Uncle My, and Gran Martha, and Poppy Giles and Nanna Lea. She had Aunt Molly and Uncle Greg, too.
“Thank fuck,” she muttered, loosening the red tie that matched his own. She side-eyed the e-cigarette he held in his fingers.
Sherlock held him. Kissed his hair, his forehead.  Held his husband more tightly, and yet more gently.  He sang.
“Yes, I have the hottest husband on this rooftop.” He leaned forward though, to allow Mycroft to remove his suit jacket and tie and to undo the top few buttons. “Oooh, now Hot Husbands come 58% hotter.”
And then he set himself to the long held ambition of new Australians, no matter how they came to be here.
The pharmacist will not wake him. A grandmother now, Dr. Dopheld is also mum to an adult child who still carries the nickname Zombie, because when Hannah was twelve weeks old that sleepless infant
Violet understood. She maybe wasn’t excited about Opportunity, but she was excited for his excitement.
And then – the copper in him can’t miss this, even though Greg can’t see the man’s hands under the table – Mycroft gasps and winces in pain. The date leans closer and seems to be patting Mycroft’s leg. His smile is unpleasant.
“All Rosie knows is that her parents are content,” agreed Mary. Sherlock kissed her too. Mary, laughing, took John’s hand, kissed Sherlock on the cheek and said, “Do your stuff then, sunshine.”
Sherlock’s eyes were wet. The tears spilled over his cheeks and he shook his head, angry with his grief.
Sherlock took off his shirt and shoes and clambered into the bathtub, splaying his legs on either side of the baby tub, never mind that it was gangly and awkward. John didn’t say a word, only knelt on the tiles and held Rosie up while Sherlock took the towel away, and into her bath she went.
Sherlock had spent the night at his brother’s house, though he wouldn’t admit it was because he was in a tizz about meeting the in-laws-to-be. John was in too much of a tizz himself to mind. It was a relief to have the space, just for one night, to pace, be cranky, not to worry that he was in an arse of a mood.
Rosie ran around showing off the necklace she wore, bearing a toy magnifying glass, a toy thermometer, a little plastic frame containing a smiling picture of her mother. “Say aaaaahhhh!” she insisted before telling the guests, “All better!”
Despite herself, Harry smiled. “I’ll just bet you are. How’s Mycroft then? Snitting, brooding or fuming?”
Giles hoped he would, though. This weekend was proving even more fraught than he’d feared it would be. He and Leandra still felt the prickling dread of Eurus’s loss. Added to that was Mycroft’s resentful discomfort of adjusting to the latest of his prosthetics, which chafed and never seemed to sit right, so that he spent most of his time in his chair, seething. Thank God for Harry Watson, who never seemed bothered by Mycroft’s worst moods. But John and Sherlock, while affectionate with each other and doting parents to Rosie, seemed still unsettled. Well. Naturally. Grief was not a thing to be absorbed and managed on an arbitrary, convenient time scale of months. Their sorrow at Mary’s loss would be raw for months, or years, and not consistently. Some days might be better than others, some decades even, and then out of the blue, they’d think, oh, it would have been her birthday today, or, she should have been alive to see Rosie crawl, and then there’d be tears again, like she was only just taken from them again.
Sherlock turned the box over and over in his long fingers. He rattled it beside his ear. He sniffed it. He dabbed the tip of his tongue against the ribbon.
‘Thank you,’ Sherlock blurted. ‘For Milverton.’ He had never told her what he and John had witnessed that day.
Without hesitating one single step, one breath, one moment, John ran and flung himself over the precipice, reaching out towards his falling heart.
“Come on, sweetie,” says John, more desperately, putting down the pumpkin and reaching one-handed for one of the alternatives he put on the table in readiness. Cauliflower cheese. She likes cauliflower cheese.
He told himself he was a doctor for crying out loud. He'd been in a war zone, attended crime scenes, lived with Sherlock.
Because nothing mattered, to Martin, to Theresa, except his arms around her, hers around him, their bodies pressed close, as their mouths met. They forgot the sun, the tree, the hours, even Paris. While they kissed (and for hours after) there was only one another.
Greg whistles loud and sharp as he rises and then in Amazonian splendour, he grabs a threatening arm by the wrist, twists it behind Allan’s back and shoves him towards the bouncers who catch him neatly and throw him outside.
Apparently, it was a great point of honour to the ancient Holmes line that their marriages were conducted without anything as trivial as looks being a factor in the arrangements. To ask for an image was to consider the package more important than the content, as it were, and an affront to their ancient lineage. The match was too advantageous to the Watson clan for them to insist, though John thought the Holmeses should have been sent a photo of him anyway, as fair warning.
John puts coffee next to him, though, a bit too hard and loud, and Sherlock’s hand briefly covers John’s. Squeezes. John takes a calming breath and returns to his machine. The rhythm of the pour will keep him calm almost as well as Sherlock’s touch.
That’s when he’d discovered the priceless delight of listening to a princess talking with just as much reckless detail about aerodynamics and aviation history and design. He was captivated: by her knowledge, her voice. He could have closed his eyes and listened to her forever.
John smiled like the sun, and Sherlock lit up in the light of it, and John thought he saw Sherlock murmur
They found the wayward pair by following the cheering of the crowd in front of Flinders Street Station, and found the newlyweds enjoying a fabulous just-married pash under the clocks
Sherlock clasped John to him, nose buried in John’s hair. He kissed, frantic-hard, John’s temple and cheek, his mouth, kissing a gruff, desperate sound against his lips.  His body surged against John’s and then he pulled away, gasping, “Sorry, sorry, sorry.”
Inside the box was a handful of syringes. Three needles still in their packing. A clear plastic ziplocked bag with a teaspoon of white powder in one corner. Another containing three pink oval pills. Another with a glistening blue square, designed to dissolve on the back of the tongue.”
Sherlock, shocked and amazed and desperately grateful that John still lived, that they were both delivered, wrapped his arms around John and tried to soothe him.
“John, he barely managed to say her name during our childhood. I certainly never heard him recite the ritual, and we never left coded messages to each other. Victor and I did for a while, but our method was very different.”
He looked back at his therapist, waiting patiently. Tried to find any sign of her finding this admission disgusting or immoral or risible, somehow. Funny. These three people in love. Some kind of sex cliche.
Sherlock had to endure the tedium of making a full statement to the local police, and was less than amused when John excused himself for the duration.
“Really? Howie was ten years older than Eurus. That’s unusual, don’t you think? A fifteen year old playing with a five year old girl?”
Sherlock kissed their daughter, kissed his husband, picked up Buzzy Bee from where he’d been flung against the grate, put the toy in his pocket, kissed his family again and said, “I really have to go. I’m sorry I missed the Daddy Dance.”
The double launch at New Order Bookshop was a great success. All the chatter and social media build up meant people were lining up around the block to meet the writers and get signed copies of Red Saber Press’s double whammy of
Moriarty screamed No! and his clawed hands reached to drag them down, but he fell faster than they. His wail faded as it became more distant.
“I didn’t know you were coming to the wedding!” she continued, “What a shame you missed the ceremony. It was lovely! Harry’s filmed it all on her phone, so you could watch that later, if you like.”
And then the tips of John’s eight limbs touched the sea floor and he swarmed up close to his darling and noticed something he ought to have seen three yards from shore, if he had not been so concerned with how Sherlock might react to discovering his true nature.
Rosie squealed and smeared pea puree on both their faces before sucking the remains off her own fingers.
Sherlock finally took his father’s hand and shook it briefly before letting go. “You want to wish me well?”
He let her hug him. “I’m so sorry, John. We miss Mary terribly. If you’d like a break from the city, you’re so very welcome to visit us with Rosie and Sherlock, whenever you like.”
Buzzy Bee sometimes goes on cases with Sherlock. When he does, Sherlock, in a welter of missing his family, tells Buzzy Bee secrets.
“Come on sweetie, for Daddy.” He jogs her in his arms. She grizzles. He pushes the spoon against her lip. “Open wide sweetie, there you go, in we go and…”
“I do,” said Sherrinford. He looked to Mycroft, hovering nearby with an expression more cynical, less puzzled, than Sherlock’s. “I want to wish both of you well.”
"Ros—" both daddy and poppa began together but the child was leagues ahead (as she always would be), and was already drawing a pocket magnifier in the princess' hand, to which she added a wedding band after a moment's thought.
“You said Harry was in publishing. I thought she ought to see it, so I… put it on the spare bed for her to find.”
John took Sherlock in his arms and, as they’d rehearsed so often – and once before, long before even this wedding – they swept around the dance floor together. John couldn’t stop smiling, partly because Sherlock couldn’t either. They beamed at each other and didn’t seem to see the rest of the room.
“Three’s a crowd on this one,” Sherlock told him brusquely and proceeded with his dashing, all his sartorial choices coming and going in a flurry. At least twice Sherlock had sped into the living room shirtless, and John had studied covertly.
…Anderson had just handed her back after she'd farted as loudly as a baby is capable of farting, filling Lestrade's office with a stench profound.
Harry called. Often. She and Clara were healthy, maintaining social distance by working from home. She and John video talked sometimes, when John had the strength. Harry told John terrible jokes and refused to let her brother see how scared she was.  Sherlock saw it of course. She looked just like he did, before he’d stopped looking in the mirror.
‘I usually get phone calls about those.’ But he smiled as he inserted the ear jacks so he could unravel the mystery background sound in the phone message.
Ben stood to one side, watching everything unfold with deep satisfaction. His mother appeared at his side and placed a hand on his arm.
John rose, following the instructions, went to Sherlock and dipped his fingers into Sherlock's shirt pocket. He withdrew a discreetly coloured plastic card.
“You know,” Caleb said softly, “If anything can make a man examine his insipient bisexuality for the first time, it’s thinking he might starve to death after being trapped in a mountain retreat by a lady robot and a dead lunatic genius.”
It’s for him; a reminder of who he still is under the suits and jaded worldview. Once or twice a year, at unpredictable intervals at open mic Queen nights, he revives the wild boy of his youth. The sexual adventurer, bi and proud and full of the joy of possibility. As he grew older and got responsibilities all of that went away. This is what remains. It’s bittersweet. Bi is not the only way Greg is queer. He loves this too. Heels. Lingerie. Lipstick. Gendersmeared and pretty. Gay or bi his colleagues at the Met may well accept, but what he does at the clubs when he can is, he knows, a step to far for them to take.
back at him and they giggled like kids and then, seeing as they had a room, wandered back up the hill to make good use of it. (After they had, Sherlock lay sprawled on his back on the bed under a stripe of afternoon sun.
Giles wrapped his arms around Sherlock; pulled him into a long, gentle hug. “You can’t will the pain away. You can only be kind, to each other, to yourself. Perhaps he sometimes feels he’d like to, but then feels guilty that he does. Perhaps he’s trying to provide what he thinks you need, but can’t. Whatever you’ve told him, tell him again.”
John folded the letter and placed it in its envelope. He put it on the table and laid his hands flat over the top of it.
“Course not. Spirit of Citrus makes its own declaration about what it’s covering up. It’s just plausible deniability, since that hatchet faced nurse chucked me out last time for sneaking you a fag. I had to tiptoe in as it was.”
Instead of looking (he’d seen them before) John pulled Sherlock into a sudden kiss, bumped his nose against Sherlock’s and said, “Well, you’re right. As usual. My husband the genius.”
At that moment, Armitage Hux looked up, caught Ben’s eye and winked; simultaneously, Rey looked at Ben, grinned, and winked.
Boredom and worry had finally driven Sherlock to tidy up his reference files. He was stowing the last labelled box in the spare room (John’s old room) when Sherlock heard the thump.
“Because I check on them, you know. And I found out last week that Mycroft had married his shoemaker boyfriend who I thought would never last the distance, and that Sherlock was going to marry a man who makes coffee for a living. And I couldn’t believe that they had
A short, sharp nod, then John twisted one end of his moustache nervously and he stretched his neck as though his collar was too tight. John, who always seemed supremely at home in his suits, readjusted his collar, his cuffs, his waistcoat.
Sherlock, heaving for breath on the floor on the other side of the bed, too thin, face shadowed in pain and self-neglect, and flushed red, wet with tears.
“You smell like baby powder and milk,” Sherlock whispered. “You smell like my little girl.” He reached out and booped it on the nose. Buzzy’s nose was a little matted, because Rosie liked sucking on it. “I miss her. I miss John. I miss the way he smiles at her when no-one but me can see, and he goes all soft around his edges. His edges melt. He’s all squidge sometimes, when he looks at her. I love that. She’ll be asleep in John’s arms and John is 100 per cent squidge and I love him so much I’m nothing but squidge myself, and Rosie will sleepy sigh so sweetly I find I can double my capacity to love her, and I dissolve completely. And I
Not John trying to cuddle her (he got an eyeful of peach-coated baby fist for his pains; he was kind of proud of her aim even when his eye wouldn’t stop watering).
She stood up and quietly exited the bathroom. A swift look at the hospital bed – Mycroft seemed asleep.
John had given Sherlock a piece of amber containing a fossilised bee. Sherlock had bought John a new, deep blue silk scarf, though it was not a scarf intended for his beloved’s neck.  (Later for their non-wedding anniversary, Sherlock assisted John to despoil the lovely scarf in their bed.)
He fondled Sherlock’s softened cock through the panties, then dropped a kiss on his belly. Then he walked naked across the room and squatted to open his bag.
John sat beside Sherlock and tilted his face into the sun, smiling. He breathed in the scent of greenery, of water, of air beyond the confines of Baker Street. He would call Harry and Clara later; facetime with Greg and Molly. That would be nice.
It’s not only random Rosie things that Sherlock slips into his going-away gear. One of John’s socks vanished into a pocket once. John’s Work Pen (engraved, a gift from an earlier stint at a hospital. John feared it had been used in experiments, but it was returned in better condition than when it was taken). Once, a book that John was half way through. He got that one back with scathing notes in the margins about the accuracy of the science and idiocy of the protagonists, and a single strong exclamation mark followed by a smiley face against the page containing the passionate sex scene involving a man in army uniform.
“Papa does,” agreed Sherlock. He kissed the hand that held John’s ear, and she hit him in the nose with it. He huffed a little laugh.
Their marriage broker was called upon to help them resolve a disagreement that threatened to become a crisis that would put two families at odds with each other for decades to come. Luckily, Cupid Stamford knew exactly who to call.
“He struggled a lot, after he came home. We didn’t know how to help him. He was angry a lot. Depressed. Had very dark thoughts, I think. It was upsetting to see it, when he tried to express himself with it. We love him, but we weren’t helping him. Then he packed up and left one day, and came here.”
“Not sure it was all Juliette’s own work,” John murmurs for Sherlock’s ears only. Sherlock hums, apparently deep in thought. Sherlock’s not always here when the waiting Mums and Dads play a round of Competitive Child Development. John tries to resist joining in, but he feels obscurely like he’s letting Rosie down by not boosting her achievements.
Harry picked her way through the mess towards the man huddled at the end of the sofa, swiping images back and forth on his phone. She pushed a pile of papers off one end of the coffee table onto the floor and pushed two trays of untouched tea and sandwiches into the cleared space so she could sit on the end nearest him.
He built a life in the England that he found; he adopted a name. He studied medicine and became a doctor and went to war, all to alleviate this heartbreaking suffering of the world.
Mummy called. Together they watched Mycroft in his hospital bed, breathing unaided again.  Mummy’s cool façade cracked. ‘He’s going to be all right; he really is. My boy will be all right.’
“Don’t worry,” said Culverton Smith grandly, “There’s so much more detail. I’ll make sure you get it all. I was caught before my time, but I’ll still be famous.”
Slowly, like honey, kissing, nuzzling, sighing, Sherlock helped John to orgasm. After, they washed each other, still kissing. John massaged Sherlock’s wonderful hands.
At the same time, Sherlock was waving two books at him. “This is an absolutely invaluable study on how various occupations affect the physiognomy of individuals and this is a study on alkaloids, their origins and effects on the body!”
The Watsons should have been in Melbourne 36 hours ago but a delay turned into a missed flight and everyone fretting they wouldn’t get here on time. Short notice, his father had grumbled, but they’d all made it. They’d all made the effort to be here for him.
Culverton Smith smiled cheerfully. “And once you’ve done it once, well. It got a bit addictive, I have to say. It’s so much easier now I have the run of the hospital. I like to visit them first. Tell them what I’ve planned, then, a little midazolam, and they don’t remember a thing.”
“Mycroft never mentioned it. Eurus wasn’t allowed to play on the grounds by herself. Mycroft doesn’t remember Howie making himself friendly.”
“The Garridebs?” asked Leandra, also scowling. The family resemblance was unmistakable, just now. “They wouldn’t.”
She found herself suddenly engulfed in a close embrace. “You’re a good sister,” John said gruffly as he squished her. “You always have been.”
“Wedding lunch is that way.” She nodded towards a table laden with food, “John, I think Mike Stamford is about to put on an ABBA medley if nobody stops him.”
A man halted some distance away, facing the unexpected family gathering on the Holmes side of the property line.
‘I’ll give you a matter of honour,’ snarled Porthos. ‘Leave and won’t thrash you for the interruption.’
John watched Sherlock march determinedly down the grassy slope. He tilted up his chin when Sherlock drew close and reached to cradle his face.
“Not just yet!” The rope jerked again as he fished around for the thing that had bumped against his foot.
They’d chosen that two and a half years ago, really. Mere days after their first kiss, their first date.
Gregory Lestrade-Holmes, like John, stood supportively close to his husband and encouraged him without saying much. From a sudden sideways glance Mycroft gave Greg, Sherrinford wondered if the son-in-law was patting Mycroft’s back.
They had to stop to retrieve Bunny this time, which Rosie had thrown from the pushchair and then cried for.
John roundly, but not out loud where Rosie could hear, cursed his home medical kit to all hells as well. It was perfectly set up with gauze, bandages, sterile needles and suture thread for impromptu stitches. He had creams for burns and bruises. There was ipecac to reverse the unexpected ingestion of poisons and even ease congestion, but only in adults and not at all, no no no, for tiny children. His regular home clinic contained painkillers, anti-inflammatories and anti-nausea pills. Eye wash, eye cups and eyepatches. Braces for sprains in wrists, knees and ankles. He had all manner of kit for all manner of harm that could happen to two grown men who sometimes had the self-preservation instincts of a moth in love with the candle flame.
The river flowed about them as Khan held his Richard’s bent back against his strong chest, and bathed his love. His large hands spilled cascades of clear water over Richard’s throat and chest and belly. He smoothed long fingers over Richard’s ribs and hips, slid them through tight-curled hair and cupped Richard’s swelling prick in the palm of his hand.
Deep, deep, deep within the new parents, two old souls made new, reborn again for one more eternal time, sang lullabies to each other, to the parents, to the babe. Their ode to joy.
Down at the State Library, where the radio station’s commentators are poised, the air is fizzing with apprehension. That fizz communicates over the airwaves.
“Kissing is perfectly elementary. I can’t see how anyone can possibly be bad at it. You just squish your lips together and slide about a bit. What?”
The parents outside Rosie's school like to play rounds of Competitive Parenting. John tries not to take part. Sherlock wins.
On the seventh day of Xmas, my fanfic gave to me: two friends to lovers and a lesson in kissing past stage 3.
Finally, another member of the garrison, awake in these small hours, laid a hand on the aggrieved husband’s shoulder.
itself. Everything in it felt quintessentially John, from John’s photographic art on the walls and the scent of leather and wax, to the bar fridge full of craft brews and the sofa that John and Sherlock had no doubt gloriously debauched over the last two years. John Watson had always seemed an intensely private person; that aspect of him reminded Greg of Mycroft. And like Mycroft, when John committed to someone, he held nothing back. Of course Sherlock was John’s best friend. Sherlock was John’s everything.
And she told him what had happened with Mycroft at the hospital. Sherlock, brow furrowed, thought about it. Fingers flying over the phone, he pulled up page after page of old news reports.
This chapter describes Eurus's death when she and Mycroft were children. Some aspects of this might be distressing to some readers, so if you want to skip it, it's covered in the last flashback, which is in italics.
decided John would teach everyone some new vocabulary when Rosie found a way to escape her clothes and indulge in some imaginative finger painting.
“Not quite so dramatic, but we had phrases, and we left notes using stick figures drawn on brown paper. It was quite sophisticated for five year olds.”
(That Saturday afternoon, with Rosie on a visit to her Aunt Molly, was an especially exhausting/satisfying one. John still has the book. Sherlock has smiley-face-exclaimed on a few similar passages and they’re working through them.)
John stood at the end of Mycroft’s bed, arms folded, watching him. Mycroft seemed asleep, but he was beginning to rouse.
John Watson observed his new customer discreetly but intently from behind the counter. The handsome fellow wouldn’t notice the scrutiny, John assumed, because John was watching him in the reflection of the coffee pot he was polishing.
. John wasn’t sure how a dark blue tie with dark paisley patterning said those things, but he’d had many successful dates resulting in very satisfactory kissing while wearing it. John told Sherlock this.
John’s thighs, snugged up close to Sherlock’s bum, pushed Sherlock’s legs wide. He slid his hands under Sherlock’s backside, squeezed, then pulled the panties down until the band was trapped at the top of Sherlock’s thighs. The cloth pulled taut over Sherlock’s cock, which was beginning to thicken again.
“I’m fine, Molly,” he said, “Nothing wrong up here.” He tapped his temple with the rattle. “I know she’s dead. I’m not crazy.”
Greg is in his workroom. He’s supposed to be making shoes but he’s twice almost glued himself to the soles he’s preparing, so he gives up and waits by the door to listen.
“Fuck. You could convince me.” She inhaled again and passed the e-cigarette back. “It’d get Johnnie off my back. Not that he says anything, but I think he’s trained Rosie to give me
He can see Mycroft on the floor out there, feels Mycroft’s eyes on him. He kicks his high heels up and steps down again, grinding it on the floor with extra flourish.
But when Harry joined Molly at the door and went to leave the flat with Rosie, he took a lurching stop towards them. He halted, just as suddenly, scowled in bemused shame and stared at his hands. He squared his shoulders. Adjusted his stance, weight on one foot then the other, then was still. He uncurled his clenched fists. Curled them again. His chin jerked up slightly, chewed at the inside of his lip. Became absolutely still.
“Is Rosie a… typical baby, do you think? Well. I know I tell everyone she’s remarkable, and I do think so. I expect I’m biased. But. She’s happy enough most of the time, but she won’t eat unless she’s held or we’re very close. We. We. Don't sleep well, but nor does she, if she's away. From us. Her cot is in our room. Now that we’ve built a door at the top of the stairs, to encase the whole upper part of Baker Street as one abode, she’s safer. We turned John’s old room into a nursery, but we still can’t bear to move her to there. Is that. Normal? Are we. Harming her?”
Harry played with the unlit cigarette, turning it over and over in her fingers. “I. You’re kind. You’re good to me. I don’t deserve…”
“Look at us,” he said, fondly. Mycroft’s answering smile was just as foolish-fond, and it made Sherlock sober suddenly. This man, his brother, the best man at his wedding, was far removed from the dour, cold, sour, manipulative young man he’d been in Sherlock’s youth.
…she was two years old and standing naked in the sitting room of 221B, her baby belly stuck out and her nappy on the floor, its contents on display for all. This was during Rosemund's brief Discomfort Era, a period that lasted ten weeks and in which Rosie pulled off her nappy immediately after evacuating into it. The cause was obviously discomfort, the response really rather appropriate except when that response happened in the Tesco aisle or that time at Buckingham Palace.
Sherlock’s writhe turned into arching and a wanton moan, and so John carefully guided his husband backwards and then lifted him and deposited him onto the bed.
, he should have bought that bulb syringe for just this sort of occasion. Or one of those nasal aspirators, which sounded disgusting to use, but they had filters and – okay, so now he was dry retching a bit – and they were perfectly sound for both parent and child, and more hygienic than the bulbs, which were meant to be disposable…
John, tired of being in bed, was curled up on the sofa at Sherlock’s side, half dozing, half blinking at a breeze drifting through the apartment.  Sherlock had left the window open for the fresh air, and to listen to the peculiarly quiet streets. He’d forgotten it was Thursday.
The claim drew an awful sound from Mycroft, and he nearly fell from the chair again, trying to reach that vicious little snake, determined to strangle. Gouge out his eyes. Whatever it took. Greg Lestrade was already there, dragging Smith to his feet by the scruff of his neck.
John smiled and spoke to Rosie. “Your Papa was an adorable little thing, baby girl. I’ve seen the pictures. Like a little cherub with all that hair stuffed under a pirate hat, waving a wooden sword, running all over the place.”
Bill's sister Edie hugged him again, and John held hard to her for a minute. He was damp-lashed when they parted.
“You always do the Daddy Dance to cheer her up. And you haven’t pulled your shirt down properly.” Sherlock patted the exposed strip of John’s belly.
“Fair enough.” John finished fixing his shirt, pulling his braces back up, twisting his moustache into shape and making sure no evidence of his just-married blow job marred the suit. Sherlock adjusted his wedding suit to conceal the evidence of his just-married arousal, breathed deeply to the count of ten until the hard-on subsided. Then John unlocked the door and they snuck back out of the shed, around the garden boxes and finally emerged looking well kissed and pleased with themselves.
. Sherlock saw one man’s new haircut and a small scar on the wrong side of an identical brother’s face. He discovered the sudden change of temperament and consequent surrender of his dog to a shelter. Shoes slightly ill-fitting, a belt’s crease demonstrating it was one notch tighter.
Leandra, stony-faced, addressed the Garridebs, who were still sitting on the hard ground. “Go to the police tomorrow. Don’t come to me again,” she said tightly. “Don’t leave. Don’t run. Don’t ask me to forgive you. Not yet. My baby died because of your family.”
“Oh, just idle wondering,” said Sherlock breezily, “I saw your name in the Real Estate section this morning, talking about Musgrave Hall.”
The effort was failing. His hands clenched convulsively, and his jaw was so tight a nerve was jumping at the side of his mouth. John took him by the elbow out to the motorhome, almost stumbling over the cable linking it to household electricity.
“A chain of little birdies,” said Sherlock. “Harry called Molly. Molly called you. Quite the network you have going there.”
‘There’s some nasty new virus doing the rounds,’ said John, picking up the radio so he could listen to the report upstairs. ‘It’s related to SARS. Could be bad news.’
Suddenly angry, Sherlock swept from the sight of Richard’s ignominy and suffering. He stalked across the square and into the cathedral, to see it for himself.
John licked his lips, realised Sherlock was watching him lick his lips, then tucked his tongue back in his mouth.
Mycroft’s expression immediately softened at being called Husband. He lifted their joined hands and kissed Greg’s wrist.
Mr Holmes Senior was dancing with Harriet Watson. The sun was setting over the river and the gardens. Mr and Mrs Watson were singing
“What’s the occasion? Do you have a date?” That question was motivated purely out of matey curiosity too.
Smith, laughing, said. “The saline is full of sedative. He’ll be slipping away soon. Overdosed. I still win.”
“Third date, John. Third date. I am arranging to meet with our man with a peculiar interest in book boffins but he never moves until the third date. How am I going to get him to persist long enough to get to the third date if he finds I mean thinks I’m a terrible kisser? And I’m not. I am offended Glen would think so.”
Harry took John’s hand and pressed Sherlock’s note into it. “Read it. He made me promise to give it to you.”
“What would have become of us,” Sherlock asked suddenly, “If we’d stayed in England? If we’d let our father win.”
Sherlock was something else again. Definitely more bloodhound than bird, following scents and running prey to ground. Ford had learned a lot from his father, Mycroft, but he was a lot like Sherlock, his biological dad.
“Ah well. If you’re a good boy, I might give you the Husband version when you get back from the case.”
That’s when Sherlock sucked his mouth off John’s fingers with a pop. He leaned down and he continued sucking on his beloved’s thick, hot prick.
Beer guy thought D Mitaka probably needed throttling just as a public service, but the magnificent blonde gave him a steely, knowing look, gave D Mitaka a kiss on the mouth, and said, “I’ll look after all this, babe. You man the fort out here.”
He felt embarrassed about all the crying, until, after crying when he engaged the celebrant, Greg gathered him up and kissed his blotchy red face all over.
He fell to the floor with a crash. The needle from the saline drip tore loose from where it had been taped against his arm, leaking sedative poisoned saline onto the floor.
John took Sherlock’s face in his hands and pressed close to him. “I know. And you and Giles made sure we were all safe.”
“You want me to tell you what happened that day,” Leandra said. Her voice was flat. Not angry, but not calm.
“But you have less control and I expect the suction isn’t strong enough for this level of congestion.” Sherlock was already running his fingers over Rosie’s flushed forehead. She coughed. She sneezed gooily all over his hand. Sherlock became noticeably less calm. “How long has she been like this? Has she slept? Has she eaten? What about the humidifier? How often, in your experience, does a cold like this develop into a worse infection? Does she have an infection?”
And he was. He was John Watson – barista, photographer, artist, detective’s assistant and bodyguard to same, Melburnian, Brit-Australian, adoring husband, happiest man in the world.
"John, we have to talk to our daughter," he said in front of their daughter, who ignored them both as she clomped back and forth in front of the fire in Sherlock's favourite Louboutin stilettos. "A Christmas beauty pageant John.
Eventually they subsided into a sticky cuddle, too content to seek the shower yet. Sherlock wriggled to get closer to John and John wrapped his arms tighter around Sherlock and buried his nose in Sherlock’s hair.
On the grass of England, grown green on Richard’s blood, they kissed again, the first desperate crush of it, as though fearing loss was near at hand again, softening to assurance.
John put his coffee cup down and twisted in his chair so that Sherlock could get the full benefit of John's incredulous expression.
And so John was doing the Daddy Dance while weathering the Rosepocalypse. The Daddy Dance, which was usually guaranteed to make Rosie laugh. Or at least stop screaming when she was distressed and didn’t have Pocks the Fucking Fox when she needed him.
His eyes are riveted on Mycroft and his boyfriend, who Greg wants to dislike instantly, but at least is self aware enough to know it’s not fair.
“Don’t you Mummy-it’s-fine me, William Sherlock Scott Holmes. What the absolute blue blazes have you been doing down that godforsaken well?”
Sherlock woke up to the sound of Rosie grizzling with discomfort in her cot. John was still sitting up but seemed asleep. Sherlock slipped out of bed and went to their daughter. He lifted her into his arms and she flailed her legs.
His eight strong legs took him swiftly to deeper water and he swam easily around the place where waves broke on the craggy stone and splintered wood of the boat. HE could see Sherlock lying as he had done, half in and half out of the water. His face was scratched and bruised where he’d been struck a glancing blow by the falling mizzenmast. The white sleeve of his left arm was stained dark with blood where ropes had scored along his bicep as they’d tried desperately to survive the storm.
Dazed, achingly hard, grinning, John looked at the closed door and listened, but he couldn’t hear anything. HE straightened himself up a little and went to the window.
Babies got colds all the time. Even tiny little things of three months old, just like Rosie was now, and those babies were all perfectly fine. Eventually. After the cold ran its course.
Sherlock lifted his tail from the water, which cascaded from his graceful limb. The pearly fluke of his tail waved, displaying the small tear in one side, before Sherlock smacked it down again, sending up a great splash.
‘We’ve talked about this in the past. You don’t have to save everyone. You need to look after yourself.’ Sherlock sat on the floor beside John and pulled him into a hug.
John looked at Sherlock dressed like him and going on a date, and agreed “Obviously” while resisting the urge to ask “why ‘obviously’?”
And he forgot to say “what do you mean?” or “are you sure?” or “yes, your highness”. He kissed her lips, and again, and closer still, as she kissed him back from the first press of his lips on hers.
Molly and Greg had joined the grooms on the dance floor and they laughed and looked at each other the way Sherlock and John looked at each other. Then Mrs Hudson took Rosie for a dance so that Giles could dance with Leandra.
John is beaming at the love of his life. He feels slightly guilty at how proud this tirade makes him feel, but there is the fact that Rosie is as wondrous as Sherlock states, so not very guilty.
John tugged Sherlock closer, nuzzled his throat, mouthed down until he found Sherlock’s nipple through the shirt; through the tiny triangle of white silk bra underneath, and suckled it through the cloth until Sherlock’s wriggle turned into a writhe.
John, in spite of everything, was absolutely charmed, an answering smile coming immediately to his lips.
Mycroft leaned forward in his panicked haste, almost tipping himself out of the chair as he reached helplessly towards what he could see.
“Aye.  Father-mother both am I, for I hold a life within my twisted body. I destroyed many lives in my bloody path to the crown. But to make a life when I am Richard is something new.”
Ella asked him to tell her about the letter: how he received it, why he hadn’t read it. He told her about her old job, the Black Box. That there was a mission, but not who or why. Then fell silent.
‘I’ll make the bed. Then I’ll make soup. Then we can watch that video with Sally Donovan dancing again.’
Sherlock thought he was hallucinating when a panel in the wall of the room slid open, and a small and smiling man stepped inside.
‘He’s making online music videos with all his other out of work musician friends and flooding YouTube with feel good music.’ Something in Sherlock’s eyes gave the game away. ‘Oh my god, you’ve seen them. The one with me dancing.’
The wedding night was also very, very far from the worst part of the arrangement. He and Sherlock had, shyly at first and then more confidently, found each other very attractive and inspiring.  The DNA-tested wedding sheets (what an appalling old throwback to the past) proved that they’d consummated the marriage. At least it was private that they’d cuddled afterward and found they liked each other a lot. They’d talked till dawn about music and science and an exhibition on anatomy they’d both visited in Novo Franco.
“I guess.” She took the cigarette from behind her ear again, and dug out a lighter, though she didn’t light it. “He is. Yeah. I like his company. He makes me laugh.”
When Sherlock has to go away for a case, even just overnight, or he thinks he might, he throws one or two completely unnecessary and also completely necessary things into his pockets or his bag.
Sherlock, tugging at the rope which had tightened around his waist and in loops under his thighs, winced at the sound of his mother’s voice gone shrill.
“I’m not getting rid of a single page,” declared John furiously, while Sherlock stated stonily, “I need every book in every box. They stay.”
“Bunny’s in the pushchair with her,” John said. Giles beamed. Sherlock waved at his father and they were on their way.
Leandra broke the horrified tableau, striding after her son who was stomping down the stairs. Giles, frowning, exchanged a look with Molly and Mrs Hudson.
“John, I won’t take Rosie out if you don’t want me too. But she needs some fresh air and you need to get your shit together. Molly and me’ll take good care of her. See, she’s getting a nice cuddle from her Auntie Molly, and I’ll rip the bollocks off anyone who looks at my niece funny. Just like I punched that twat Ricky in the eye that time he picked on you after school.”
“Oh, we’ll be alone for a while now. The staff know you’re a special patient. I arranged for your transfer to this room myself, you know. Nothing but the best for London's resident superhero detective. You deserve the best. We have ten minutes before they’re due on a round here again, and by then. Well.” He smiled and spread his hands. Then, grinning with impish delight, he gestured towards the wall. “Do you like my little trick? I made some adjustments to the blueprints, you know, all those years ago when they were building this wing. I was inspired by the work of HH Holmes. No relation, I suppose? Pity. His murder house was a work of genius, don’t you think?”
Grinning in the shelter of his suit, Ford carefully brushed more dirt aside. With his helmet cam, he took a series of photographs of what was revealed and then switched on the video mode to record the moment – not for history, but for himself.
To congratulate each other on winning the Competitive Parenting game, John and Sherlock take half an hour to enjoy a little afternoon treat of their own.
The morning pre-work coffee crowd has come and gone. Now it’s all coffee meetings, late breakfasts, and breathless waiting.
She held her hand out. He passed the cigarette to her and she took a puff before handing it back. Then she sat on the grass at his feet. The leg that ended so abruptly below his knee twitched a little. His hand dropped to his knee and he leaned back in the chair to glare resentfully at the branches of the oak overhead.
Sherlock found them out. The dead twin was unearthed and identified, and his widow and brother were arrested.
“Can’t wait for breakfast,” said Sherlock, before saying goodnight and joining John who was putting Rosie to bed in the caravan.
It took skill John hadn’t mastered yet to pin those nappies up and in the short time it took him to heat up a bottle, Rosie had slipped herself out of the nappy and started to create a work of art with the contents. She patted and slapped and swiped and scrunched with her dimpled little fingers.
Their room looked over the Eureka Building next door. John’s grin grew wider, wondering if Sherlock realised what their view was yet.
‘Hey, good to see you Mycroft.’  John had joined them.  ‘Walk in the park? We’re allowed now, if we’re careful.’
Because he thought he was dreaming, Porthos let his roving eye rove over all the parts of Aramis that were on show.
Sherlock looked at his mother. At her pale face and red rimmed eyes and all the love in them. All the fear.
The cigarette burned down.  Harry took it from him, stubbed it out on her shoe and hid the evidence in her pocket, wrapped in tissues. From another pocket she pulled out a small air freshener and energetically squirted puffs of it all round the bed and towards the ceiling fan before putting it away again.
“I’m glad you’re still doing that. Seemed to help you when you came home. Is that one of yours?” Mr Watson nodded at the portrait of Sherlock he’d done, made of the waterwall and the Leonard French ceiling.
Yet debauching was delayed while Khan laid his Richard upon the grassy glade and kissed him most thoroughly, from instep to crown. Soft presses of lips, open-mouthed kisses, suckling delights and most sweet dabs on beloved skin. Only Richard knew that the most tender kisses were placed upon those Bosworth wounds, on his leg and arm and skull. Gentler yet were the ones his Khan gifted to the wounds made when Richard had been beyond feeling them.
There was something suggesting more than friendship in Holmes’s warm smile, John was almost sure of it.
“She was. Is.” They looked at her picture. Rosie kicked water in their faces and laughed, and neither could help grinning at her.
Mycroft takes him by the chin with a firm grip. He kisses Greg on the lips, demanding and passionate. (Well, it is still a weekday, Greg thinks, laughter in his heart).
“Ursa Minor,” says Rosie, as though he should have been able to deduce that, then gives him the bear.
“Well, the Holmes-Watson family will be moving along again soon, Musgrave Hall will be sold, and you’ll sleep better.”
John held out his hand and Sherlock strode through the room, oblivious to their guests, eyes only for his fiancé. Drawn like magnets, they held hands and beamed at each other and remembered to say their vows on cue.
“Don’t,” he said. “No. Sherlock’s not. He’s fine. Not fine. But. He’s. No. No. You’re wrong. He’s up to his usual stupidity. Playing games. He’s on a case. He’s
Not John saying please in either his Super Calm voice, his Super Pleading voice or his Super I Want to Cry Too voice.
but put him in that fucking chair and take him to Sherlock. He would have them sacked or sent to the Shetland Fucking Islands, he would…
The literature and the clever guessing did not, however, prepare them for some of the more mortifying hazards of parenting. Exhaustion, habit and distraction are a dangerous combination.
By the time the new husbands were ready to depart for their honeymoon, most of the pavlova had been eaten, Mr Holmes Senior had danced with all the women, Mrs Watson with all the men and, giggling a bit, with Molly. Greg and John had pinned Bill’s medals onto Edie’s dress now, and she danced with John in Bill’s honour, then with Sherlock, Greg and Mycroft in turn.
It's also partly based on a story a friend of mine told about how their grandma dealt with their sick baby. We can all be grateful that aspirators exist instead.
“Thank you for that mental image. And even so. Our presence is required. Anyway, aren’t you always on about wanting to know all about
Another tiny flinch. “Someone called and asked some questions. About what happened back then. About.” He looked down, then up. “What she was like. Human interest, they said.”
“Ridiculous. You’re a doctor. An ex-soldier. Kind, confidant, handsome. Apparently an Olympic class kisser. What more could they want?”
The part of Sherlock that had been Khan knew, soul deep, both monster and man. Had shared his path. Been in a measure responsible for it. And loved him fiercely, former wickedness and all.
Sherlock enfolded his husband in a hug. He knew, to the gram, how much weight John had lost in recent weeks, with worry, overwork, missing too many meals. And John had gone back to bolting the meals he didn’t miss, returning to army and on-call habits of constantly being ready to drop everything for an emergency.
“Wouldn’t be admissible,” Lestrade said ruefully, tucking the bear under one arm. Donovan and her team, who had arrived minutes after Lestrade in response to the text Sherlock had sent earlier, were holding Smith and staring at him in gobsmacked horror as he talked and talked.
Mrs Hudson produced cupcakes from the baking tin. Mycroft took one, and Sherlock said nothing at all about it. Gave him a second, in fact. ‘You’re too thin,’ he said.
Sherlock waved a hand faintly at his brother, then pressed both palms to the wood on either side of his head and concentrated on his breathing.
It’ll be an hour before anyone gets any coffee. John and Sherlock won’t stop kissing long enough to make it possible.
Giles and Leandra watched their son from the sitting room. They exchanged a look. Giles nodded, as though he’d just come to a conclusion on a topic they’d earlier discussed. They held hands and smiled between themselves.
“Sherlock,” he called, “I’m coming in to help you. Don’t. Don’t be alarmed by. Don’t be alarmed. I’d never harm you.”
John turned in his arms, and his face against Sherlock’s throat was wet. His shoulders shook; his hands.
“Sixty one point six percent,” says Mycroft, having already done the maths. His voice isn’t working very well.
“Course you are. Get in that shower now or so help me god, I will strip you naked myself and take to you with a nail brush.”
Leandra and Giles had joined Harry in the kitchen, opening the window and fanning the smoke out with a tea towel. Leandra poked at the burnt bun and broke it in half, revealing the centre of it wasn’t quite cooked yet.
The exhibit reported, clinical, without feeling, the wounds visited on Richard’s naked remains. Blows designed to humiliate the corpse of a reviled and defenceless man – Richard’s body yet the object of such fear and loathing. The blows of gauntlet and spur on dead flesh were no longer in evidence, but the bladed cuts to pelvis, limbs, head, could still be read on Richard’s bones.
Sherlock fisted his hands in the sheets and arched, pushing his chest into John’s mouth. John sucked harder, scraped his teeth over the silk so it pushed hard-soft over Sherlock’s skin. Beneath him, Sherlock arched and wriggled. John rolled his hips, feeling the heat of Sherlock’s erection between his own legs.
“I speak eight languages fluently. One of those is Latin. I say without pretension or particular pride that I am the smartest man in Great Britain, and probably in Europe…”
Only, in choosing to live among mortals, he became akin to mortal himself. His hidden wings would no longer unfold, perhaps as punishment, perhaps due to the bullet that had passed through his right wing, no longer ephemeral, as he shielded the wounded with it on that slaughterhouse battlefield of Maiwand.
Almost none of them died, especially here in Great Britain with its NHS and access to top quality medicine, clinics, specialists, all practically on the doorstep of every home. Not like some of the countries he’d lived in, been posted to, where some villages were hours or days away from qualified medical professionals. Where affordable health care just wasn’t. Where the poorest people often lived in crowded conditions in poorly made houses with inadequate ventilation and coal fire stoves that made the atmosphere unhealthy for everyone, let alone for vulnerable little undernourished infants whose tiny bodies shook with fever and cried only weakly, hardly able to breathe for congestion and hunger, and he’d seen all that and done the best he could (he still donated regularly to
Mycroft registered Greg Lestrade’s voice but kept battling to get into that goddamned wheelchair. He had hold of it now, and had got onto his knees at last, and it hurt like the devil but that was nothing to the panic of his racing heart, his brain giving him a dozen scenarios, each one bursting with a dozen more, tributaries of intolerable futures, and he was so gone to the terror that he almost fought when strong arms circled his chest and hefted him into the chair at last.
Mycroft, not knowing what to say to sincerity that was saying so many other things, including Thank You, only said. “Go home. Give my regards to the Little Watson.”
Richard smiled at this. “You see no flaw, love, yet I would spare her the pain of this, my  not unflawed body.”
Then Mycroft’s face goes that kind of blank that Sherlock’s always does when Sally starts having a dig. Once or twice when John’s been thoughtless, too. Sherlock usually recovers to spit vitriol (at Sally) but when it’s John, the mask stays on for the short while it takes John to work out what his big mouth has done and he apologises.
“Yes. But at least Watson won’t have to sleep in a draughty ex-nursery, and we won’t have to listen to the walls creak all night.”
“Then it’s about time Rosie had a walk in the park, isn’t it? I’ll text you when we get there,” Harry promised him. “We’ll send you a park selfie too. We’ll send you six. When you call, we’ll come right back. But if I get here and you haven’t showered, I’m kicking your smelly arse. Okay?”
The car drove off in the wake of Sherlock’s, and Mrs Hudson returned to her flat to finish pinning up her hair.
Their libraries were like their unexpected love, became intertwined and mutually indispensable in the earliest days, and would last for all their lives. Their twin careers were likewise entwined and changed the face of Neo London: an enduring love story bound up with the legend of the Great Detective and his noble Doctor.
“The temptation to use it during debriefings would be too great, I’m afraid. Perhaps I’ll just fill it with rum. That would be of more use, especially when the Home Secretary starts on her pet themes.”
“Because something about that article this morning is troubling Mycroft, more than the sheer intrusiveness of the thing, and he doesn’t seem to know what it is. I thought I’d. See if I could find out.”
“Is it? Why? Why does everything have to be understandable? Why can’t some things be unacceptable, and we say that? We just say that. I'm letting my daughter down.”
John smiled, sandy-haired sunshine at midnight. "Oh love, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it as a judgment, I just…can't imagine Mycroft being silly for you. I'm glad he was. And I'm glad you are for Rosie. You're mad as a box of frogs my love. Completely clappers. You're—"
“I’m not hiding.” At Greg’s arched eyebrow, Mycroft added, “Much.” He heaved another sigh. “I’m merely taking a brief respite to assimilate the sudden arrival of the paterfamilias without all the attendant shouting and cutting comments.”
Harry stroked the baby’s back. “Your other daddy really is on a case, babykins. Probably. Doesn’t mean he isn’t mad as a fucking balloon though.”
In Doctor Watson’s medical opinion, the patient had a slender yet muscular physique, healthy colour, no obvious scars and was proper fit.
* Mustards of every and all kind, focusing on sinus-clearing experiments in which she made her own sweet, grainy, spicy, French, Chinese, and American.
The drip was uncomfortable where it was taped in the crook of his arm. It was difficult to move. Made him feel vulnerable and awkward.
Harry stood by the door to the private room and peered out. At the end of the corridor, being lovingly sent on his way by the admiring nursing staff, was that creeper Smith.
"Had'n any-nuff" ruthlessly stolen from my daughter who used it on the occasions when she HAD or HADN'T had enough.
John, who’d made his own peace with not being a shape that fit into the world very easily, had quickly found he fitted perfectly with Sherlock’s unique way of being. What a relief, what a rare joy, what sheer perfection, that Sherlock thought he fit too.
And here is Mycroft Bloody Holmes, the gorgeous fucker, stalking him to a place he thought he was safe.
There, John folded down over Sherlock, too spent to fold his aching wings away, spreading them instead over Sherlock as if to keep protecting him.
John watched “Braid like a Boss” on YouTube nine times before he could indeed “Braid like a Boss” or rather “Braid like the bosses incompetent assistant who takes over when his boss is on her holidays and does a semi-reasonable job, but everyone is secretly delighted when she comes back…” Rosie
John edged over to the well and looked into the darkness. “Sherlock, have you found whatever the hell you were looking for?”
“Would it surprise you to learn that this humble shop of yours has been used as a front for some truly unsavoury business?”
“And yet,” agreed Khan. He held Richard closer and rocked him gently. “'Twas hard to see the ground on which you died. I wished my other self had knelt closer down, so that we could sift that earth, which drank the last of your life, through our fingers.”
Sherlock looked at her in some surprise, but let the cover alone and wiped his hands. He went to her side. Leandra took a calming breath and exhaled.
John and Sherlock’s honeymoon in Lorne was mostly seven lazy days of late breakfasts on the veranda of their 1874 Grand Pacific Hotel room, admiring the view when they weren’t admiring each other. Late lunches alternated between The Bottle of Milk on Mountjoy Parade, which had the best coffee, and the multi-coloured outdoor delights of the Swing Bridge Café, close by the beach.
“I know. I’m not stupid. And ah. You know. Glad to see you home. Well, nearly.  Promise me you won’t end up nesting in the corner like a deranged bear again. Though I suppose you’re more on the twink end of the scale. God. Does that make Johnnie the bear? You know what. Don’t tell me.”
It was somewhat ironic that John Watson didn’t believe in the foolish notion of soulmates, given that he was an angel.
Rosie said "yeth your highneth," John giggled, Sherlock began to admonish his husband about the lessons he was teaching their child, but then the experiment caught fire, everyone had other things to distract them awhile, and that seemed the end of that.
“And he’s looking to bring new talent in for a more entertaining imprint. Ben, Armitage Hux has written
(He thinks Mycroft’s arse is a bit of all right, actually – he’s watched it walk away from him too often. He really needs to stop pining after a man he can’t have. He and Sherlock used to be a right idiotic pair, like that, only since John came around Greg’s very much alone in the pining pity party.)
“I thought we weren’t going to take Rosie on cases,” John had said, even while strapping on the front carrier harness. Bright red, matching Mary’s coat. Sherlock’s choice. He’d done three days’ research on the best and safest design, and another day finding it in that colour.
There were still sad parts to the story. The saddest was that Mama couldn’t stay the way she and Daddy and Papa had wanted her to. And it was sad that Daddy and Auntie Harry’s mum didn’t know them anymore.
He’d always been a little lonely, a little on the fringe, and had found a new way to be wholly himself in this country that had no expectations of him.  And then he’d found Sherlock, who wholly liked and wanted the new John that John had become.
Underneath, a wee scrap of a teeny silk bra, two soft triangles trimmed in lace, held together with slender white ribbon around his ribs, over his shoulders.
“I’ve done lots of kissing,” John supplied cheerfully. “Lots and lots. And lots. And I started pretty average and I got better. I’d say generally my satisfaction rating with dates of my acquaintance is 10/10 for kissing.”
Sherlock was dashing about the flat, flinging shirts, coats, shoes, this way and that. Once he even brought out a cravat to inspect by the light of the window before flinging it into a corner with disgust.
—shhhhh. John Watson-Holmes just fell asleep at the chemist. Sat near the self-service blood pressure machine, waiting for the nice Boots pharmacist to help him find the simeticone drops, because along with being so stupid he doesn't even know where his husband is right now, John has been rendered so near-sighted by exhaustion he can pretty much find his baby but is incapable of looking at a shelf full of medicines and finding the one with the sleeping infant on it.
He broke off as John moved into his space, put his arms around Sherlock’s waist. Their stomachs bumped together. Their chests. Not pressed together, not so intimate yet, but…
“They’ll sell, but you know, that’s forty titles in six boxes. I’d rather take six boxes of one title that’s going to sell out in a week. So would they, when they thought about it.”
“He and John disappeared ten minutes ago into the shed at the gate, where all the garden equipment is stored.”
John reached for Sherlock with his other hand. Sherlock grasped it. With no air for words, they silently clung and John beat his ragged, aching wings and flew his precious burden up, up, not graceful but certain, until he could land them safely on the ledge from which they had been launched to destruction.
“You would not have found me there. I am but earth now in that England which I left. The best of me is here in our glade with you. Just as I look to the stars, where I know your own beloved body was dispersed. I sometimes look upon the velvet night and see your tomb, your precious self, scattered star dust across heaven.”
Caleb began to shrink away, horrified at what had come out of his mouth, maybe frightened at how Phillip would respond. Phillip followed him slowly, shrinking himself down, crouching, automatically making himself small and unthreatening.
So Dr. Dopheld has gently placed the Infacol on John's lap and for the next hour she's going to make sure everyone just tip-toes around him.
Caleb blushed – god damn, this pretty thing kept getting cuter – and gave Phillip a shy green-eyed glance from under golden lashes.
Neither moved for a while. John stirred first, kissing Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock reached for the packet of wet wipes by the bed and they cleaned up. The manoeuvred around each other in the narrow space, dressing. John helped to straighten Sherlock’s collar. Sherlock tucked down the tag on the back of John’s shirt.
“So what’s up?” asked John as they passed through the gate and walked towards the village centre in the sunshine.
“Ah. Well. I’ve got news for you, Sherlock. If that’s your attitude, no wonder Glen was underwhelmed.”
As it happened, John was still up but not waiting up when Sherlock returned a little after 9pm. John barely even looked up from his book (a Tom Clancy). “Get what you needed from your date, then?”
“Not for beginners. Slopping all over each other on a sofa is intimate stuff. Stage Three and a Half at least. We’ll start with a kiss goodnight at the door type thing, then. Enough to get you a second date.”
Sally called. Thanked him for the work he’d done on the cold cases. Told him that of course he didn’t need to worry about the others, when he apologised for not having time. ‘They’ve waited years. They’ll wait a bit longer. My best to the doc, yeah?’
Laughter. Sherlock ducked his head to hide either a blush or annoyance. John bumped his nose against Sherlock’s cheek, kissed it, then puckered up as Sherlock decided to ignore Mycroft in favour of kissing his husband.
Leaona would have liked these boys, Sherrinford Holmes decided. The pang of missing her was the sharpest it had been since her loss.
When Rosie was nineteen her papa got an award for, of all things, writing. It was a small thing given by a small group but when Rosie was asked to take part in the ceremony—when all they knew was that Sherlock had been nominated—Rosie agreed on the proviso that she could give out the award for Best Scientific Crime Blog (a category Rosie's pretty sure they made up so that they could nominate Sherlock and thereby get the press coverage that would naturally follow).
“I thought it was to prove a point,” said Mr Holmes sadly. “I don’t think the point I’ve made is the one I planned.”
“Your father and I were working in the greenhouse,” she said finally. “Mycroft was playing with Eurus in the house. We had no reason to believe they wouldn’t be safe. They were
. You let my sister drown! Eurus broke her leg. She couldn’t stand in the water! Eurus couldn’t stand and
“They’re all idiots,” says Sherlock, and his scornful tone is even more epic than the snort. “Rosie’s clearly well ahead of that dreary pack. She can draw and name the bones, John. She conducts straightforward food-based chemistry experiments and writes creditable reports on the results. She is a bullseye with a ping pong ball and coffee cup. She is a superior child in every way, but I won’t have those morons comparing her to their feeble spawn who aren’t a tenth as gifted as our girl.”
But Sherlock was there, Giles right beside him, and Howie, if he’d ever intended to do more than brandish the aged weapon, was disarmed and thrown to the ground before he’d even claimed a target.
Khan kissed Richard in return and caressed the precious swell of Richard’s body. Their daughter moved again, swimming soft and languid in her father’s deeps.
“Doesn’t matter.” Sherlock paused while the fox bounced off his face and Rosie laughed again. He fetched the fox and gave it to Rosie for the next round. “Stopped for petrol, saw Pocks, brought him back. Not a moment too soon, apparently.”
“I know.” Sherlock took a deep breath. “I know,” he repeated, with more conviction. Chin up, shoulders back, suit crisp, love profound and affirming and making him strong again. Social anxiety could go and get fucked. Today, he married the man he loved. Today, the man he loved with every breath in him, said in front of everyone, including his own family,
On one side of the St Martins, opposite park benches, small shrubs, a garden of reclaimed gravestones - and a statue that looked nothing like his love - gold lettering on a white wall led into the Centre.
“I’d have spared you too, my love, except that it was necessary. Our suffering was all that could lead us here, and we chose it.”
“A mother to have seen them grow,” he said quietly. “The last time I saw Sherlock smile like that, it was his seventh birthday. Leaona had bought him a chemist set and spent the day helping him do experiments. Two days later she was dead. Aneurysm. At work.”
“Our deaths happen to other people,” he whispered, his head on her shoulder where she held him. “I’ve never thought about Euros that way. I never knew her. This. This feeling. This. Mycroft was right. Better to cut it off. I don’t know how.”
'Well, it's mostly infuriating, isn't it? I'm just going to browse for potential cases and then do the Sudoku. What's in the box?'
This day was the start of a new adventure. Not their only adventure, or their last, but perhaps their favourite, and it lasted for the rest of their long lives.
Sherlock looked at the pretty clip hovering in his hand just above Rosie’s head, it was almost the same colour as his shirt, so he slid it into his fringe, and it sat there shining like a jewel amongst the inkiness of his own curls.
“You should get one of those wooden legs with a gun built into it. You’ll be all the rage at spy school.”
Sherlock has his head down at his computer, running algorithms for a few clients, acting like it’s nothing to do with him.
“And I checked the instructions and redid the foam, you grumpy bastard, so let’s try it again. Your dad’s found a cane for you too.”
As he ran, John felt Sherlock’s heart beating beside his own. He felt Sherlock’s sharp breaths and his fear for John. Felt him in his immortal soul.
He feels Mycroft’s index finger on the back of his hand; feels it trace softly down to his knuckle. “To know whether I could ask you something.”
“I am rated to fly three types of plane, I once deciphered an ostensibly indecipherable code in 47 hours, and I used to hold myself to an Olympic standard of fencing. So.” Mycroft curled his lip and hurled the cigarette against the oak. “Why. Can. I. Not. Master. A. Fucking. Leg.”
Sherlock might have ignored the lockdown, gone to crime scenes and been none the worse even if he caught this damned thing. The old drug-addled Sherlock might have suffered badly if he contracted the virus, but his new, happy, healthy self was fighting fit.
John sometimes joined him, though the old leg injury sometimes slowed him down. When not racing Sherlock up and down the beach, he sat on the rocks and admired the view – often of that deliciously athletic view, though sometimes of the ocean and the town, too.
John obediently straightened out the paper and went to the Classifieds section of the Guardian. A moment later he was beaming with delight.
, which Mary had bought for the nursery when Rosie was two months old. “This story is from Mummy,” he said, and he even tried to mimic Mary’s voice a little.
“After Clara and I split up, she left for a while, so I could pack everything up and get out before she got back. Two nights she was gone. Had the place to myself. I slept on the sofa. I couldn’t bear the bedroom. I could smell her perfume on the pillows. It was bloody awful.”
And in the next moment Culverton Smith vanished, whipped away as though by the hand of God, and Sherlock heaved for breath as tears streamed down his cheeks.
Sherlock, needing to concentrate on a scrappy audio recording that might hold the key to a kidnapping, snapped off the radio as he entered the living room.
Enfeebled and in despair, it was incredible good luck that Stamford introduced John to Sherlock Holmes, John thought. The whirls and eddies of ineffable Fortune had thrown them together and wisely they seized that chance to choose each other.
Greg sobered. “Today I stand not only for myself as John’s friend, but for his old friend, Bill Murray, who first promised to be John’s best man. Bill never made it home, but because of him, John is here. So first I’d like to raise a glass to him, and to his sister Edie who came from Edinburgh so that I could wear these medals on Bill’s behalf.”
Mycroft pauses like he is weighing up what he is about to say, before he says with slightly self-conscious bravado: “I’m up now.”
John flapped his wings. The right, wounded at Maiwand, ached but lifted with the left. He beat his wings again, and he and Sherlock rose away from death.
,” agreed John. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock and pulled him close, thighs and bellies and chests and mouths together.
“That’s not how comets work,” grumbled Mycroft but he gave Harry a sly grin as he said it, and she snorted a laugh at him.
In April, he’d watched his brother dying with a respirator on his ashen face and nobody there to speak with him, to hold his hand, to tell him (as John so often told Sherlock) that he was cherished.  Here, holding his too thin frame, Sherlock could only remember the fear that had gripped him then, and the memories of a happier childhood; the memory of Mycroft helping their mother remove the threat of Charles Augustus Milverton; the memory of Mycroft playing the piano at his wedding.
Scratched into Mycroft's pale skin with the edges of his nails, manicure bitten jagged so that they would leave a bloody mark.
Harry sighed. “I’ll stay,” she said. She left her brother watching Rosie, gaze full of piercing love and deep anguish, to put on the kettle.
Rosie’s getting more dextrous with her toddler fingers and she likes to sing to herself, so he doesn’t pay much attention when she starts messing about with his shirt and burbling to herself.  Frankly, it’s a relief that she’s stopped dropping punnets of blueberries.
“You are one stupendously dumb motherfucker, John Hamish Watson. Some days I’m ashamed to call you my brother.”
“Yes.” Mycroft was peeling the tissues back. When they stuck to his skin he reached for a glass of water to dampen them.
Sherlock intends to have a word with John about the appropriateness of a zombie film for an infant, but he'll let John sleep a bit first.
“You should know that I aim to be a doctor, whether or not that’s a fitting hobby for someone of my family's
It was early for sleep but John and Sherlock were both ragged with exhaustion, and dozy with two decent meals.
Giles Holmes held his eldest son’s hand and kissed his brow, and wished he knew how to relieve him of a burden he had tried to lift since Mycroft was seven years old.
“What is that? Is that fucking butterscotch flavoured?” Harry drew on it again. “Not bad, actually.”
“Your mother and I were like that when you were born. We could barely let you out of our sight. Mycroft, too. More than once we woke to find him sitting on a chair by your crib, just watching you. Poor mite.”
Giles held grimly onto Leandra’s hand. John had passed Rosie into Harry’s arms and he stood near Sherlock, a protective shadow. Mycroft, knuckles white on the walking stick, teeth gritted, gave Garrideb a look that had cowed kings.
Look, I haven't done any world building. I don't know why this world is the way it is. I expect it's alternative universe, maybe after the plague wiped out a lot more people and felled civilisation in different and more thorough ways...
Harry sighed. “I didn’t mean to upset him this morning. Or you.  I don’t think. Just…” With her hands and fingers she mimed a word vomit. “You’d think I’d fucking learn. Can’t even do this shit right sober.”
Molly felt bad even as John bundled her in a panic out the front door, saying, “No. No. You’re wrong. He’s up to his usual stupidity. Playing games. He’s on a case. He’s fine.”
“It’s wondrous strange,” agreed Khan. “Even I was not so from woman born, but built in an artificial womb, motherless and fatherless both.”
“You are my jewel, my treasure, my love beyond all things,” insisted John, swimming in his strange, fluid fashion across the top of the sea. “You are my heart and my home and I left everything to be with you.”
They gathered around the kitchen table, Sherlock with sleeping Rosie propped in his left arm, and they ate. They didn’t talk about Smith or what had happened at the hospital. They didn’t talk about the state Sherlock had been in when Harry had last seen him. They talked about Giles teaching Harry to do woodturning, Harry claiming she could then level up to Woodworker Lesbian, which was still several rungs down from Survivalist Lesbian, but a hell of a lot better than IT Lesbian, which she’d been stuck on for a few years.
“But she’s married now, and I gotta come out some time, don’t I? And we both got fake girlfriends to un-date by the end of the day. And you’re not only hot, but I’m pretty sure there’s a least a dozen more kinds of kiss to investigate.”
Mary was there with James planning a holiday to India, listening attentively to advice from Jack and Fiona Watson, who’d been to Delhi, Jaipur and Agra four years ago.
“I think for me to stay longer than half way through the date before you come to drag me off on a case.”
‘They need to move him onto his front,’ Sherlock said, with the same clinical calm tone as his mother. ‘John says pronation produces better results for respiratory patients. Oxygenation is improved, it eases the strain on the lungs…’
had fled, Sherlock bounced Rosie on his knee (ignoring the squishy sounds) saying, "I agree Watson, his theory stinks."
Sherlock spread his legs and they both inspected the bulge in his trousers. A damp circle was visible  near the buttons, on the left. Sherlock rose, rearranged his jacket, and they looked again.
“He’s fine,” Leandra said hurriedly as the colour drained from his face, “They’re just moving him to a premium room in the Culverton Smith Ward.”
John Watson standing over Culverton Smith, his expression more murderous than even Mycroft’s own had been, roaring as he drew back a foot and kicked Smith in the ribs as Smith dragged himself away. Watson kicked again, grunting, unreasoning with desperate rage.
“Idiots,” said Harry. She lifted Rosie, who was starting to grizzle again, into her arms and pointed out a pair of dachshunds walking with their owner nearby. “See, Rosie? Puppies!”
Carefully, he transferred Rosie into Harry’s arms. Rosie snuffled but settled again. John rose and went to the refrigerator. He moved a magnet and retrieved a letter. He took it back to the table and sat before opening it with his thumb.
she wanted to be in it, an' maybe poppa would let her borrow all his princess things, his rings and his crowns and his high heels an' everything!
, but I couldn’t remember. For god’s sake, you stupid man, don’t stand there, get back to him. Go. Run. John.
“He was a brute, but we are redeemed, Richard and I. You and Khan. We prayed for it as we died: not ‘God, let me live’, but ‘Fate, let me find him. I will suffer anything you ask, only let me find him’.  Fate was kind. I suffered willingly, and so did you, and here we are. Ssh, now.”
Sherlock, after handing Rosie back to John, had disappeared to brush his teeth and gargle Listerine like there was no tomorrow.
“Breakfast after,” says Irene, throwing herself elegantly into a seat. “It might have to be gin slings.”
Dishes were left in the sink for later. Harry had put several loads of washing through for John, folding everything and ironing nothing. They left that for later too. Instead, they got onto the floor with Rosie on her play rug, helping her to grab at toys, hiding a little Pooh Bear behind a pillow for her to cackle when John made him peek out at her, singing her songs.  Sherlock played a game where he only sang when she grabbed his thumb, and then John grabbed the thumb and Sherlock was performing a staccato Baa Baa Black Sheep for the pair of them.
Sherlock’s heart beat double-time in his chest. He distracted himself by playing his violin, but only mournful sounds resulted. So he rifled through the cold case files Sally Donovan had sent over.
The wedding itself was quite charming, in fact. John was relieved to be marrying a bloke after all (though he’d declared he was bisexual on the forms and open to being matched with anyone otherwise of a suitable age, education level and psychological fit, he did have a preference for men.)
John was again startled at how much this man knew. “And who might you be, that you know so much about my business?”
The faint light of a dreamlike dawn spilled from a dreaming silver sky, scattering diamond light on the splashing brook in Khan and Richard’s glade.
'Yes, John. Your game. You took this downstairs with you when you went to fetch the papers. You pushed it through the mail slot for verisimilitude and delivered it to me, purely for the purposes of watching me examine it.'
Sherlock looked at the small, blue cardboard box wrapped in a wide gold ribbon. He arched an eyebrow at the box and again at John, who had delivered the compact package along with the morning papers.
"You've always spoken very lovingly of both Mary and Sherlock," she admitted, "I wondered if there was more to your friendship than you were saying.”
Rosie stopped yelling – she was fond of the Daddy’s version of the Doctor Who theme – but then she started sobbing in big gulping sobs and the heartbreak just got worse.
John was starting to improve, but was still weak as a kitten. He also stank of sweat and illness, despite the attempted bed baths.  He was so frustrated and felt so foul that he went from foul tempered to unexpected weeping in a matter of seconds.
Sherlock held his breath, despite the utter nonsense of John's pronouncement. And sure enough, John's voice whispered to him a secret.
The almost soundless tread of his beloved’s feet on soft grass disturbed not his contemplation of this miracle. His gaze did not stray from the unexpected fecundity of his even less expected womb.
‘I’m sure it was.’ But she seemed amused more than anything. ‘Oh well. I’d best be off. I’ll text if anything in your line comes up.’
Despite John’s apparent crankiness, he laughed as Rosie wiped pea-green fingers on his knee. “Little grub,” he said fondly. “Do you want to visit Nanna Lea and Poppy Giles?”
“Of course I was snooping. I was six years old and he was secretive. A terrific challenge. The ritual of it wasn’t too hard to work out, once I saw she referred to herself as the East Wind, and therefore the references to the river and the field were Mycroft – his name derives from the Old English for those two words. It was a game, I suppose. It gave the directions to the place where they left messages to each other at the oak tree.”
John was not fine, but he was not the image of devastation he’d been a short while ago. He stood by the bed, holding Sherlock’s hand except when the doctor who had rushed to them needed to test all of Sherlock’s vital signs.
The living room was strewn with detritus. Papers and photographs spilling out of coloured folders, notebooks, scraps of cloth, glass slides held together in clips to preserve the material trapped between them. A tatty shoe, a piece of pottery, a yellow mask.
Soon there’ll be coffee and Mrs Hudson’s perfect madeleines, the best haloumi burger in the world and home-made ginger beer.
Rosie’s sobs had quietened to little heartbreaking gasps, the tears and her gooey nose both wiped dry on her aunt’s T-shirt.
“She can’t breathe, all right, and we don’t have an aspirator because we’re idiots and she is getting a fever and she can’t breathe, and do you have any idea how many babies develop complications? Ear infections, eye infections, strep throat, bacterial sinusitis, bronchitis,
“She needed a date for this wedding. Linda Monk’s her aunt. My therapist said I needed to get out more. I’m not. I’m not good with people since.”
Maybe he’s undercover for that murky job of his? Sherlock’s said that Mycroft loathes field work, and this would be one good reason why. Minor government official, Greg’s arse.
John felt Sherlock brace for a lunge, and how suddenly Sherlock relaxed when, instead of lunging, John leaned up and kissed the side of Sherlock’s mouth. His cheek. The side of his mouth again and then his lower lip. Both lips, soft, chaste little kisses.
“Yeah. It is a bit. Sherlock’s lab faces onto the garden. I have an art studio in the place we’re getting married.”
Then Sherlock’s head shot up at movement in his peripheral vision and his voice rang out across the meadow. “Stop right there!”
Greg laughed knowingly. “So I did, and here we go, Sally is channelling  Kate Ceberano. She does a great version of
The wedding itself was full of quiet joy on a blazing hot summer day, the grooms in their beautifully cut, light summer suits and perfect fitting shoes they’d made for each other, exchanging the rings they already owned, that had made them husbands ahead of the paperwork they signed on a garden table underneath their wattle tree.
“They might,” encouraged Violet, ever the optimist. “Maybe she just needs encouragement. Maybe you should sing to her.”
Smith ducked his head, modestly. “I aspire in my modest way to be the most prolific, though recognition will have to wait until after I’m dead.”
Sherlock and John both beelined for their baby while Giles and Leandra took themselves to the sitting room. Harry very happily handed Rosie over into Sherlock’s long reach, and in moments Rosie was having a quiet little cry in Papa’s arms while he rocked her and whispered, “Ssshh, ssshh, ssshhh, little Watson.  That’s enough. No wonder your father gives me such looks when I’m having a strop all over the place, hmm? What a commotion.”
At one of the three tables sat a pretty redhead with sideburns that were either ultra-hip or hopelessly old fashioned. Opposite him sat a perky brunette with a loopy hairdo and a furrow of concentration between her brows. Both were typing furiously, ignoring each other. Ben noted, however, that their feet were touching under the table.
“Mr Holmes,” said Sherrinford Holmes’s newest son-in-law in a neutral tone. The man’s eyes were sharp, his mouth a firm line under that waxed moustache.
In baby Rosie’s parade of favourite toys, Pocks the Fox spends most time at the pinnacle in the top three. The other two places are on rotation between SkellyMonk (the plush monkey in a skeleton onesie) and Buzzy Bee.
“Then ask me again in six months and I’ll tell you what I think. For now, I think you’re both excellent parents. Of course she’s upset. She misses her mother, and she knows her fathers are sad.”
“He fucking does,” said Harry, “He won’t sleep. I think he’s scared if he drops off, Rosie’ll be missing when he wakes up. He catches a few winks if I’m there, or Molly and Greg.”
“What? No. No, that’s not. It’s. That’s not why. It’s just. He’s struggling. Mrs Hudson says. And he’s. He won’t. Can't. She says he. Won't leave the flat. He hasn’t come to me. I haven’t gone to him. It’s just. What it is.”
Later that evening, John settled an exhausted Rosie into her bed, 26 hair clips were lined up on the bedside table. The rest? Well the other 16 ended up in Sherlock’s curls. The wedding service went on far too long, and the only way Sherlock could keep Rosie quiet was by allowing her to “Pretty” his hair with lilac and pink hair clips pulled straight out of her hair and pushed into his own by tiny, inexpert fingers. And, just because it made her happy, he wore the damn things proudly for the rest of the day, quite ruining the group wedding photo’s according to Mycroft.
It was a relief to enter the ward, named for the philanthropist who had invested so much time and money into St Marcus’s Hospital. It was said that Smith had even had a hand in the design, wanting to make his mark. “Put a little bit of myself into this great work,” he said in innumerable interviews.
“I’m so sorry, darling,” said Sherlock to John in between fox-face-bounces. “I picked up what was nearest. I meant to get the bee.”
His crooked smile grew more wry. “No.” He sighed and looked past her shoulder at the two men and their partners. A ridiculous pop song was playing and the sons he’d known as dour and unhappy young men were grinning like idiots and dancing with their respective husbands.
“Go to sleep if you want,” said John as they lay side by side in the bed that still held the scent of Mary’s perfume. “I… don’t much. At the moment.” He glanced at the cot, where Rosie had already settled. “I don’t like her out of my sight for long.”
It was raining outside. It always seemed that way, when he was here. That it was raining. He was made of stone and all the grief was outside his body. Easier that way.
Sherrinford drank the rest of the scotch in a gulp. When he looked back across the gardens, he couldn’t see either of his sons and their partners.
“From when your mother twisted her ankle chasing after that fox with a slingshot,” said Giles cheerfully.
“I think that so-called philanthropist Culverton Smith’s done something absolutely vile. I don’t know what. But I think he’s threatening to do it to your brother.”
“Four hours. Hardly. She tried. Humidifier’s a useless lump of plastic. Hardly ever. Not that’s obvious. Now are you coming with us to the clinic?”
“You smoke, you happily drop a hundred quid on a bottle of scotch and you’re planning to fill your peg leg with rum. I’d adjust your claims, if I were you.”
Apart from that one time, Sherlock is careful never to take Pocks the Fox with him when he has to go away from his family. He tries not to take Rosie’s toys at all, especially nothing in the top three, because he and John can definitely to without ever having another Rosiegeddon. (They’ll have them anyway. Her parents are drama queens. Being overdramatic goes with the territory.)
Mycroft hasn’t seen. Greg’s swaying hips bump into Mycroft as he passes behind the table, and knocks a drink that’s just arrived across the table so it dribbles in OD’s lap.
Rosie had been changed now, and was being fed and coddled by Sherlock and John together. Mycroft had declared he needed some air and wheeled himself away.
They fell into a bit of a funk then, Sherlock contemplating his folded hands, John contemplating the idea of Sherlock going on dates and being a terrible kisser, reputedly. A crime, that. Sherlock Holmes looked so damned kissable.
'It was pushed through the mail flap on the door,' he declared after a moment. The ribbon is askew.'
“What if you had a couple of great writers to take to them, start off with a bang and a couple of hot bestsellers?”
“Once they got started, however,” Mycroft continued, “There was no stopping them. And here we are, Sherlock and his husband, John Watson. A man of honour and merit. Sherlock has never needed my opinion or approval, but I’d like to take this opportunity to say, John, that you are indeed a man worthy of my singular and exceptional little brother. It daily brings me joy to see the joy you bring him, and he to you. Welcome officially to our family, which you’ve been part of these three years. May all your days be bright, joyful, and exceptionally well groomed.”
John managed a wan smile and rubbed his cheek against Sherlock’s shoulder. “Don’t risk yourself like that again, though. Not without me there to. To have your back. I couldn’t… I can’t do this without you.”
Harry drew to a halt, breathing heavily, as Mycroft stared at her with wide eyes as his cigarette burned down. She took a breath.
“Ha. Look here,” she said, “The Musgrave sale’s in the paper. Acreage, amenities, blah blah. And… oh, fuck those guys.” She tried to fold the paper and remove it from view, but Mycroft leaned across the table and snatched it out of her hands.
John was no longer part of The Lord’s Design. He had chosen to leave the machinations of Heaven behind and choose for himself on Earth.
Mycroft. In a crisp suit, hair coiffed, bland smile in place. He was still too thin. Still too pale. He was using his umbrella to steady his weight, instead of just for show.
But sometimes a sudden rush of poo under pressure shooting up baby's back right up to her hair was enough to make even a doctor who had done his fair share of disimpacting retch.
They dozed for a while, and woke to share more languid kisses, then managed to get into the shower and lathered each other up and called each other Husband. Wrapped in soft bathrobes after, Sherlock sat against the headboard and John made himself comfortable against Sherlock’s chest. He held Sherlock’s arms around his waist and examined the pretty shine of their gold bands.
Harry sent two more pictures as they walked back to the flat: Rosie reaching out for the daisy that Molly was using to tickle her forehead. Then Molly’s face becoming a mask of horror as Rosie pulled a fierce little face while an unseemly noise emerged from her bottom.
John swallowed. He nodded again. He shook his head. “I. Know I should. I. Never get. Past the door.”
Sherlock lurched to his feet, dropped the rattle on John’s chair and strode for the front door. “Come on, then!” he demanded. He looked over his shoulder at nobody. “Yes, yes, see, I’m going! You were never this much of a nag when you were alive.”
Harry did the only sensible thing she could do. She went back to the house to fetch Mycroft’s wheelchair, because he was obviously not going to be walking on that bloody prosthetic for a while.
Sherlock and John, those two men of science, read, inferred, deduced and even guessed a lot of the challengesof parenthood. The literature and the clever guessing did not, however, prepare them for some of the more mortifying hazards. Exhaustion, habit and distraction are a dangerous combination.
Harry frowned. She ran the tip of her finger over Rosie’s hand, which she’d closed into a fist in her sleep.
Mycroft's mother kissed him, but he told her to stay with Sherlock. Greg Lestrade had slipped away, murmuring to John that he'd worry about statements later, but he had removed the memory card from the bear, on which Smith’s confession had been recorded, and left Bart the Beefeater for John to return to Rosie.
Half an hour after coffee, Giles and Leandra were heading back to the hospital to sit with Mycroft and offer support through the measurements for his first prosthetic.
Mycroft, fingers wrapped around Greg’s tie, insisted on the pash lasting half way through the next song too.
“With Mycroft. With that bitch Norbury. With Ajay. With myself. With. With Mary. With everybody. I can’t. I can hardly manage myself. I haven’t got… there’s not enough of me left to deal with Sherlock too. With his. How he feels. I don’t know how to. Deal. With my own.”
“And I look at him now and I think, there’s my son again. There’s my boy. We lost him for a while. I was afraid he was gone for good. But here he is. He dresses differently, and he still limps in the cold, and god, that moustache! But he’s here. My son, John Hamish Watson, is back in the world. And I think a lot of that is to do with your son, so I’m glad John came here and met him. Your Sherlock is a fine man.”
John remembered how brilliant and how awkward Sherlock had been when they first met. All that stumble-tongued anxiety was long gone. John had so much affection for that sweetly uncertain man he’d first met, but he didn’t miss him. This Sherlock – the one so confident in John’s presence, so certain he was loved, so at home in his own skin – made John feel like the luckiest man in creation. That old Sherlock had been filled with hurt, and accepting of, though not inured to, rejection.  That Sherlock hadn’t felt like he fitted in the world, and that the world would never let him try.
Because life is full of change and sometimes those changes are bad—a bullet-shattered shoulder ending a surgeon's career bad—but sometimes those changes are glorious.
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand. ‘It’ll be the same news in half an hour. And tonight. And tomorrow. Corruption, misery, sportsball, celebrity twats, ad infinitum, till the end of time.’
“Fuck you, Mycroft,” she replied without heat. She plucked a cigarette out of the packet in her pocket, lit it and passed it over. “Come on then. Have a fag and a good old bitch session. What is it today? Sherlock’s oiled out of coming? Your Mum said you can bake your own bloody biscuits? The Isle of Man has decided to declare war on Ireland, and you can’t be fucked to get them out of another stupid scrape? No, wait. Don’t tell me. You’ve pitched a fit about the new prosthetic and you’ve set it on fire, and you’ve retreated out here to wait until the whole house burns down with it.”
“So which groom do you know? Did you serve with John?” asked Jack Watson, the flat Australian vowels still audible underneath his accent. “No, wait. You must be a relative of Sherlock’s. You’ve got that Holmes look about you.”
“You live in a small village. People talk. Incessantly. This morning, I asked a few oblique questions at the café. And then I listened. To all the people telling me about the people who lived next to Musgrave Hall, at Ryder Farm. There’s a lot of talk about you. That nice Mr Garrideb, who it transpires changed his name to escape association with his father, a convicted killer. Such a nice fellow, who came to live with his cousins at Ryder Farm some years after that terrible tragedy at the Hall. Came down after living with more distant relatives in Scotland. I made a few phone calls on the walk home to confirm the details. Called in a few favours.  Then I went into the well to see what might be found to help me understand what happened that day. And I found this knife. Your knife.”
When Sherlock assured the child she would not be partaking in a cavalcade, procession, tableau, or extravaganza that perpetuated a backward and barbaric view of humans with an XX chromosome pair, the child said, "thertainly your majethty," and buggered off to her bedroom.
“I didn’t do anything to report,” John said, “I didn’t even have to wrestle anyone into submission. I’ll meet you back at the hotel later.”
“Dr Hooper ministers to the dead. I’m not ready to have my heart weighed. I’m not dead. Unless I am. Am I dead yet? Mummy?”
She shouldn’t have blurted out, “John, Sherlock’s in hospital, he needs you!” She should have been more considerate than to assume that it was John’s job to save Sherlock, even though surely it was John whom Sherlock needed. John was struggling as it was. That was abundantly clear the moment he had let her into the flat, unshaven, unwashed, mouth set in a grim line and his eyes, the bags under them looking bruised, glaring suspiciously at the sunshine beyond his front door.
Rosie is sitting in the shopping trolley, facing front, while Sherlock pushes her round, concentrating on the shelves. They used to have the shop down pretty well, but Rosie’s needs are changing, so Sherlock spends time comparing brands for quality, additives, preferences.  He’s also goddamned knackered from discovering last night that Rosie can climb out of her cot, descend the stairs and stand bawling at their bedroom door that she’s lost Buzzy Bee. John spent half an hour finding the blasted toy, and then she wouldn’t settle until finally she passed out, starfished on the bed between them.
She began to back out into the hall again, but Sherlock pulled suddenly away from his parents. “Molly! Wait!” He whirled, nearly tripped on the blankets at his feet, steadied himself on the wall and staggered to the centre of the room. “Molly! Wait!”
‘Always,’ said Aramis, slightly muffled. He pulled the blanket down briefly. ‘It’s been a long time since we lay like this, hasn’t it?’
* Brushing the teeth of the neighbourhood dogs. Before you think this is a strange thing about which to get impassioned remember that Rosie's the daughter of a man who thinks a bowl of fresh intestines is a sweet gift, and also the daughter of the man who fell in love with that man the day he met him. These are an unusual people.
Dimitri Panopoulas was exactly zero kinds of idiot. He signalled rapidly to his lady love and turned back to the Unexpected Mr Holmes.
“That’s right. Fiona Watson. John’s mother.” She beamed more widely and gestured to a man standing nearby. “Jack! Jack, this is the fellow I was talking to you about, who helped me when I lost my way at Changi Airport. I’m so sorry, I didn’t catch your name at the time…”
“My father,” said Sherlock. “He came. He came all this way. Not to stop me, or fight, or demand I go home. He just. Wants. I think he just wants me to be happy.”
Instead of being impressed, Harry rolled her eyes. “Melodramatic much? Oh, don’t pull that face. You’re not like that brother of yours, prancing about and then looking sideways at Johnnie to see if he’s got a stiffy yet.” She laughed at the horrified look on Mycroft’s face. “But seriously. Smith’s a creeper, I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s up to creeper shit.”
The conclusion that one twin had done away with another to take over his life and fortune was inescapable. The wife of the dead twin had not only known but colluded, having decided that long ago she’d married the wrong brother.
“Nah, mate. I’m a complex cobbler who loves your eldest boy with every breath. And that over there is a master barista who served his country and paid for it. Who is brilliant at what he does in a city that respects that kind of skill. And who now helps your youngest boy solve mysteries and bring hope and comfort to people who need it. Who loves your boy like he’s made of magic.”
Him with the beer halted with the can half way to his lips. He lifted an eyebrow at the slender and non-threatening dark-haired bookshop owner and seemed about to ignore him. Then his gaze drifted up… and up… (well, that was new) into the ice blue gaze of a magnificent blonde who rose up behind the crotchety dude to add authority to the demand.
For the twelfth trope of Xmas my fanfic gave to me, Greg accidentally spying on Mycroft at a drag queen party.
John did, rocking into Sherlock’s body while Sherlock writhed and arched and encouraged with gasps and mewls and ‘fuck me’ and, as John’s pace quickened, with ‘yes’ and ‘husband’.
“Don’t work yourself up. Nothing’s going to happen to you. Not right now. You won’t even remember this conversation, but I’ll always treasure that look on your face.”
“My name is Sherlock Holmes, and it is my business to know things,” the man laughed, eyes sparkling, as though sharing a great joke.
John almost jumped out of his skin at the low voice, almost in his ear. He whirled around to find that the handsome man had an uncommonly beautiful smile as well.
Pocks the Fox bounced off Sherlock’s nose onto the floor and Rosie cackled with laughter like a demented thing. Sherlock gave the fox back to her. She threw it again. It bounced off his face. She cackled.
Giles wondered if Sherlock was blushing there in the falling light. He was staring at his own feet and scowling rather fiercely.
For the ninth trope of Xmas, my fanfic gave to me, a marriage that's arranged and fight over their library.
The week ended with the arrest of an extortionist, a murderer and an importer of deadly South American poisons, and the rescue of a very fine lady named Mrs Hudson from terror and ruin.
Harry Watson flirted madly with Molly and then, when Sally Donovan loomed, flirted just as madly with her. The three of them were currently in a flirt-circle so intense and sexually charged that the Watsons Senior simultaneously refused to think about it and assumed Harry would be making her own sleeping arrangements for the evening.
“Mycroft’s got the idea there’s shifty goings on at the hospital. He thinks it’ll help distract Sherlock to have something to occupy his mind.”
Sherlock, whose expression had softened dreamily, cast a sideways look at John. 'That last part is not a secret.'
Leandra and Giles stayed as long as visiting hours would allow, but backed up John’s claim to be Sherlock’s partner so that he could stay.
“We shall overcome,” declared Leandra confidently, “But Bunny will be on standby with the fire extinguisher, just in case.”
Mary snugged up close, whispered warm in Sherlock’s ear, “You’re my good boy, too” and Sherlock wriggled head to foot in unexpected response to the playful praise.
“Hi,” the beleaguered Harry greeted John and Sherlock as they came through the door, squirming Rosie in her arms. “I know it doesn’t look it, but everything is under control.”
Sherlock is busy/out/asleep (and can’t be woken). John can produce a reasonable French plait for Rosie’s ballet lessons now without so much as a muttered “Cock!”
Scratched into Mycroft’s arm, scored into it with Mycroft’s sharp fingernails – which John could see now were grimy with dried blood under the nail – were the words:
The Obnoxious Date is clicking his fingers for one of the prettied up boys to take his drink order. Insufferable prick. Then he puts his hand on Mycroft’s and squeezes too hard.
He parted his own, and she placed the cigarette there. He sucked on it. Raised a hand, the arm trailing tubes, to take it out and blow the smoke slowly out. Closed his eyes again to savour it, and took another drag.
He’d come a long way on an uncomfortable and delayed flight just to realise what he’d already known in London. His sons were both much happier without him or his notions of what should have made them successful.
“It was a well-made knife, when it was new,” said Sherlock. “American make, Col. Littleton I believe. Two three-inch stainless steel blades folded into a bone handle. Handsome. Expensive, for a ten year old boy.”
Criticism or not? But, you know, fuck it. John Watson had everything he wanted in life and had no need to be defensive about it.
“Good man. Now start talking. I’ll go tell Chewie not to wait for you. You guys can thank me later.”
“I sent him here to keep him safe,” said Sherrinford.  “But he was supposed to come back. With or without Mycroft.” He'd already lost Mycroft by then, he knew. All the demands and lectures in the world hadn't changed that, and Sherrinford had lacked the wisdom to know how to make him return.
“Tis fit. We are England, we are this firmament above, and we are fresh born into this, our other Eden, our dreaming life. New born not innocent, but wise.”
She inhaled on the solemn, sad thought and then made her expression bright again. “Anyway, I thought I’d come and see if I could make things slightly less miserable for you.”
Rosie farted in the water, giving herself a fright and she cried. John, laughing, smoothed her wispy hair back from her forehead with a wet hand. “There, there, you little tooter.” He tickled her chin and then her tummy and she smiled her gummy smile and cheerfully kicked more water into Sherlock’s face.
“Tell me about your morning,” said Ella Thompson, her tone warm, not without sympathy, but not too warm, too sympathetic. John liked that about her. “Start from the beginning.”
Technically, he supposed he might be considered a Fallen angel, though he tended to think of himself as Missing in Action.
Sherlock and John had tried to be environmentally friendly—good lord they'd tried. But the last straw for the eco cloth nappies was also the last day Rosie’s new rug would be known as Rosie's new rug instead of Rosie's poo rug.
“Rosie can’t breathe properly and she’s worn out from crying. I need a bulb syringe to clear her sinuses so she can breathe, which they’ll have at the clinic. A nasal aspirator would be better…”
Then both of their eyes travelled down Sherlock’s body to the water, where his blue-black scales gleamed beneath the waves, shimmering green-purple-gold in the light.
Leandra had been thinking about that damned article all morning. She shared Mycroft’s anger at the presumptuousness of it. The death of her daughter was not a fit subject for prurient curiosity now they were finally selling the property.  Yet Sherlock was correct. Mycroft was unsettled beyond mere offence at the thing, but he had too many troubles of his own to concentrate.
“I raised Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes," said Leandra crisply. "I know skulking when I see it. Also sulking, brooding, snitting and fuming. I could be a consulting expert on moodiness. Come inside for tea and you can quiz me.”
“I never expected to be a parent. I haven’t paid any attention to the practice, let alone the theory. I have to start somewhere.”
Sherlock didn’t even have to ask where John was going. “Get some more syrup of ipecac while you’re there, and more mouthwash, and nicotine patches…”
“Fuck you.” There was no venom in it. His voice shook. The words were full of the comfort of long use. Swearing at his sister, she at him, that was an old habit, full of rough affection.
It was difficult to convince Mycroft to hold her at all, let alone encourage him to dandle her on his knee.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “You like cases. They need to be mindful of your interests, John. Relationships go both ways.”
Greg Lestrade phoned in the middle of coffee and the tiramisu that Angelo sent around with one of his waitstaff, proving that his gratitude hadn’t yet waned.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at John. Before he could protest that the word ‘meet-iversary’ was nonsense, John pressed a kiss to his lips and a small box into his hand. ‘We met ten years ago today.’
“You recall. The Holmes family seat. Before it goes on the market next month. Mummy thought it would be perfectly splendid to have a family gathering to farewell the crumbling pile.” A hint of waspishness was in his tone.
Giles hefted the plastic bag. John could see Sherlock’s rumpled suit, a stained shirt. The Belstaff at the bottom of the bag, taking up most of the room.
“And I,” said Khan, his large hands joining Richard’s to cup that precious burden. “Yet I would be a kinder man too; a gentle father, and protect her not only from the world but from my self; to keep her from the knowledge of rage and fear, if I can.”
Mycroft shook his head, becoming distracted again. “I don’t have proof yet. But I suspect. It seems to me that…” He pulled up his sleeve to see his forearms covered in bloody tissues. “What is this?”
“So do I,” said Sherlock, then cleared his throat. “It’s very useful for the case. I"ll probably dele-“
did. We’ve got enough monkeys on our backs. We don’t have to stagger around the circus picking up random fucking monkeys to add to the shit-slinging zoo we’ve already got. You want to talk about useless guilt? I burned down our house, and Johnnie, Mum and me ended up with nothing, fucking nothing, but the clothes on our backs when my piece of shit father gave our mum brain damage. I ran away, dragging my little brother with me, and I made him live rough for two years thinking I was helping. Then I got so legless fucking drunk he thought I was dying and called an ambulance, and then blamed himself when I got sent to prison for all the shit I did so we could survive. I never said goodbye to him before he went off to war because I was pissed off with him for even joining up, and he nearly fucking died. I’ve got so many fucking monkeys on my back it’s like
Sherlock has a habit of packing little things of Rosie's and John's when he has to go away on a case without them. Fom half chewed rusks to John's odd socks. Sometimes, he takes the wrong things.
“Okay. One step at a time. Let Molly and me take Rosie for a little walk. Poor mite needs some fresh air.” Harry patted Rosie’s nappied bottom. “You’ve changed her, yeah?”
Chewie grumbled a bit at being told to wait a bit, but decided the delay in his rounds could be made bearable by picking up a few graphic novels.
And then Mr Holmes Senior said, “It’s the tradition in England as well. I suppose the… ah… happy couple have… gone for a quiet. Talk. Somewhere?”
.  Now Sherlock gave John all his tender care. Washed his body, his face. Washed John’s hair.  The sweet names were John’s purview, and he whispered them:
“John. If you refer to Mycroft as the bride one more time, I swear I will tell him and you’ll be wearing concrete boots before the day is over!” Sherlock said watching as Rosie squirmed into her bridesmaid dress.
Mycroft thought his father’s words were very fine indeed, for Sherlock and for John. For Mummy too. And perhaps Mary’s death wasn’t really his fault: Dr Watson’s expressive and too readable face when he looked at Mycroft was suggestive of both forgiveness and apology. Perhaps Sherlock’s most recent near miss with Culverton (
“Morning Mummy,” John said, directing Rosie towards the photo. “Mummy says good morning Rosie. Kiss good morning for our Rosie.” He kissed the soft crown of her head and took her to the nursery to change and dress her. He took her to the kitchen while he prepared a bottle for her. Sat on the couch and held her. He watched her feed with tender grief.
“The fact he knew about her wanting to learn astronomy is odd. Mummy says Eurus had only recently become excited by the idea. Astonishingly, Mycroft had planned to teach her the constellations.”
The Count de Brouillette halted, thunderstruck. ‘My apologies, Monsieur,’ he said, blinking into the dark room at the rugged man obviously
“Worse. I’m going to thread ribbons and bows all through the wheels and parade you around town like the prettiest princess in the Downs.”
At the café, they manoeuvred inside to take a seat at the busiest section. John took Rosie into his lap and took out her bottle. Sherlock ordered coffee and waved at their baby from the counter before striking up a conversation with the waitress, a woman waiting to pay, and sundry patrons. Irritating as it could sometimes be, to be the subject of people who thought two men were hapless in charge of an infant, it was invariably a good way to strike up conversation and gather gossip.
“Did you have a good walk with your aunties, baby girl?” he asked Rosie, willing his suddenly thrumming heart to steadiness. Rosie was fine. Of course she was fine. He had a phone full of pictures demonstrating just how fine she’d been, while her useless father had practised basic hygiene.
Sherlock, as the empathetic brother he was, laughed so hard his cackling infected Rosie who giggled and wriggled about on Mycroft’s knee to reach out for her Papa.
John braced one foot on the side of the well and, with his coat wrapped around his hands to avoid rope burn, he began to pull Sherlock back up. Behind him, Rosie cried, and he paused from time to time to glance back at her.
Greg Lestrade-Holmes waved across the rooftop garden to his husband, who’d been watching them both with a dark frown for some minutes. Greg grinned and nodded reassuringly. Mycroft, placing trust in his husband, let his scowl ease.
“Poor little thing,” said Molly, unpacking the Backup Baby Bag until she found a toy. She waggled the silicone teether shaped like an octopus. Rosie grunted displeasure and hid her face against Harry’s chest.
“An American cousin of theirs. He came to live with them a few years later.  The boy’s father had some trouble with the law, I understand.”
Rosie mimics her papa by reaching for things with her little hands. She drops them sometimes and is a bloody nuisance for a bit.
There was the time John was driving Mrs Hudson to a specialist dental appointment and kept up a running commentary, “There’s a doggy. Look at the policeman. A garbage truck!’ before realising what he was doing.
First she's going to pop over to Pret and get them to fill up his mostly-empty baby bottle with more sweet, sweet fuel.
Mycroft’s brow drew into a puzzled frown. He tried to sit up, but he bent the wrong knee and found no purchase. He glared at the place his foot used to be. Set his jaw and used his arms instead.
“You’ll find that’s usually the case.” He took in another lungful of smoke and blew it out haughtily.
John sat on the sofa with the newspaper folded in his lap, having given up pretending to read it ten minutes ago. At first he’d merely been alert while skimming the rugby results, but soon he stopped to watch Sherlock dash. They’d only been flat sharing for two months, but already John had a Pavlovian response to that dash. It meant a case. Adventure. Time spent thrillingly with Sherlock.
Sherlock had not asked Mycroft to promise the unpromisable to him since Sherlock was six years old. Mycroft, who had been incredibly teary of late, got teary again. What a sentimental numbskull he’d become since marrying Greg a week ago.
"Crazy shit. I did what he suggested though. I went to my dad’s grave and told the dirt I was sorry he'd died so horribly, but it didn't mean I thought he was anything but a cruel and useless bastard.”
. “Mama!” she cried, holding out her little hands. Sherlock ran to her and gently put the soft toy in her grabby little fists. The panic in his face faded at the same time as Rosie pushed her face into Pocks’s belly and wiped her nose on him. She gave a few more little sobs, shook the toy in her fists and then threw it at Sherlock’s face.
Holding hands, laughing, the went out to strut their gay, gay, gay musical selves to the wedding party, and buy the grooms a little more time in their garden shed.
The promised “No More Tears” shampoo has raised the hair washing game as far as Rosie is concerned. Her daddies can now happily sculpt her hair into a unicorn horn or the classic devil horns without the soapy suds sliding down her forehead into her eyes and causing anything more than a minor flurry of the flannel.
They’d tried to row back to save some of the others but the storm was against them. Treachery had done the Scarlet in, John was sure. He’d never liked that Jim Moriarty, who’d joined the crew six months ago then vanished at the last port. The Scarlet’s hull would never have been harmed by such a storm as they’d encountered, and yet she’d split on the third great wave and here they were.
“She laughs like Mary too,” Harry said, grinning, but suddenly the corners of her expressive mouth pulled down. She bit the inside of her lip to make it stop. It didn’t work, so she looked away.
St Marcus's Hospital. Sherlock won't see John. John speaks to Mycroft instead, only for them to find a secret message Mycroft has left for himself. John runs. He runs. He runs. And Sherlock? Sherlock wants desperately to live, but Culverton Smith has other plans.
“Yes. He’s something of a role model for my taste in men, which is rather predictable of me but,” he shrugged. His eyes twinkled at John’s, in much the same way that Giles sometimes twinkled at his mother. “It seems to be working out.”
“Oh John, its just hair. Mycroft was quite the dandy as a young boy and he instructed me in the finer points of dressing my own hair from around the age of four, I am well versed in the art of the chignon, French plait, upstyling, twisting and pinning, and the classic bun…Could you pass the jam please?”
Sherlock was in Newcastle for four days without his husband and daughter. The case was difficult. The perpetrator was an arsehole. The police liaison was worse than the Met had been on their most dismissive days back in the Time Before John. Sherlock was brilliant anyway, despite the bruises on his back from being shoved down the stairs.
“All right.” And he did seem to relax, just as he had been more relaxed after speaking with his father last night.
“I know being here upsets you,” continued John gently, “but this is where who we are now began. I died, and my soul began to search for you at once. I… think I remember that.”
Harry took another picture of Rosie gumming gamely at the octopus, then plucked a daisy from the grass, tucked it behind Rosie’s ear and took another.  Rosie grabbed the flower in her fist and gave it, mangled now, to Molly. Harry captured that moment too, and sent all three to her brother.
“Culverton Smith may be a killer. First his uncle. For the money. Perhaps his daughter too. Maybe she found out.”
Rosie wriggled a bit and reached for the bottle John held. He presented it to her and she latched on, held between her fathers, rocked in Papa’s arms.
“Oh good,” said Sherlock, with an answering grin, and he spread his arms wide and waited for the deflowering to begin.
“Yes,” said John. “Changed. Fed. I bathed her last night.” He moved agitatedly on the spot. “I wouldn’t hurt her.” The simmering rage and the heart-stopping panic had both receded behind a solid wall of can’t-touch-me.
John had seen the signs of excessive drinking already. He’d have known them from Harry’s past, even without years of medical experience and familiarity with Sherlock’s piercing observations. The broken blood vessels, the red eyes, the shakes. Buttons done up, mismatched. The scent of too much aftershave, covering up a stale smell of alcohol.
Porthos looked straight into Aramis’s annoyed gaze, unable to help the sardonic grin on his own face.
“Go away,” he groaned, closing his eyes, rolling his head away. Well. It wasn’t as though he could walk away from her, was it.
“Oh, my angel,” Richard whispered, his strong hand stroking Khan’s face, Khan’s hair trailing through his fingers. “Our ends brought us to our beginnings. I am here.”
Ford knelt in the red dust, digging a hole. The metal detector said this was the spot, but it might end up being a random bit of debris after all. He wouldn’t let himself get excited. He’d been disappointed before.
“You hungry, hmm?” he patted her leg as she grabbed his shirt in little fists and bumped her forehead against his chin. “Ready to try some more mushy peas. Papa made them himself. Yes he did. Yes he did.”
“Bill and I always promised each other. I’d be his best man, he’d be mine. I wish he’d made it home.”
John Watson-Holmes squeezed his arm around Sherlock’s waist and grinned up at Sherlock with devastating affection. “It was romantic.”
Phillip laughed. “Sure am. I brought a kind of date. A not date. I asked a friend to pretend she was my girlfriend so the family would leave me alone while Mom got married. Now Donna’s actin’ like it’s rehearsal for proper dating, and what’s worse, I got every relative on Dad’s side who decided to come, ridin’ my ass cos my fake girlfriend isn’t Jewish.”
The wind had blown her hair loose and Martin, forgetting he hardly knew her, brushed the strands of her blonde hair, shining in the sunlight, behind her ear, as though such casual affection was allowed every day, as though it was already their habit.
“I just don’t want them to ruin the day after I’ve ruined the day saying something I shouldn’t.” Sherlock bit his bottom lip, as though that alone would trap those incautious truths he always spilled when he was feeling socially anxious. Which was usually when there were more than four other people in the room, and especially when most of them were strangers.
They were still kissing, oblivious to their guests, when their very wise guests all tiptoed back into the garden to let them revel in their luck.
“Well here they are, happy,” Mrs Hudson said. “With as much wealth as they need to be comfortable. With as much power as is good for them with stimulating work they love and are fulfilled by doing. With as much influence as is healthy. They’re respected, their expertise is sought and does good. They’re loved by their friends, and even their clients, and by men who make them laugh. What other ambitions for your children could a parent possibly have that make any sense?”
“So now is your opportunity to grill the relatives on all the sordid details. Speaking of which, I’ve hired a motorhome for the duration so that I have somewhere to escape, so it won’t be all bad.”
The best that could be said of John’s symptoms was that he didn’t need a respirator.  He coughed and sneezed, but the fever was mild. He ached all over, but he could breathe. He was weak but he wasn't in the ICU.
On the fifth trope of xmas, my fanfic gave to me: Porthos not dreaming and Aramis whose eyes are pretty.
At that moment, beyond the cathedral walls, the sun broke free of northern clouds. Light came beaming down through stained glass, and bathed the alabaster tomb in rainbows. Rich blues and royal reds, gleaming gold and lush green, regal purple and sunlit orange. A pageant of colour for the body of a brute who had redeemed himself in life after life after life, to be worthy of reunion with the one who held his heart.
God’s Great Plan seemed to leave so much suffering in its wake. Humanity’s short lives were so filled with pain and premature death, their fragile lives snuffed out so easily for no greater cause than poverty, cruelty, war. And oh, the people! Too interesting, too lost, too full of hope and fear, too terrible and beautiful to abandon them to their suffering.
Five hours ago a taxi had dropped his mum and dad and sister at the flat, and they’d hugged him hard. Grinned at him. Looked pleased to see him.
Rosie runs to her dads, schoolbag bouncing on her back and a creature made of cardboard and ice cream sticks in her hand.
So despite the boredom and the frustration and the desperate desire to get the fuck out of Baker Street, he locked down – because if John got sick, Sherlock needed to be healthy to take care of him.
Sherrinford watched his boy’s discomfort melt away under that loving gaze. No sharpness there in John’s blue eyes, and none at all in Sherlock’s grey ones that were so like his mother’s. Sherlock had always been such an anxious boy in company, but here with his husband he seemed completely at home in his own skin.
John, in the process of making a fresh bottle of formula, nodded, returned to Sherlock and Rosie and, instead of trying to give her the bottle straight away, chucked her under the chin with his finger.
The consulting detective used to carry mini-Watson about in a papoose on his back until that time he wore her on his front, facing out. As he talked with her about a case, she looked left at a very critical moment. “Yes!" shouted her papa, "It was hiding in plain sight. Oh Rosie, you see
“That you’re lumbered with a sentimental idiot for a life partner?” Mycroft winced, feeling snotty and grotesque and foolish.
Then he wished he hadn’t. The live security footage was coming from the hospital corridor CCTV, though the open door to Mycroft’s private room.  On his laptop, Mrs Holmes was sending the live feed of Mycroft’s heart and respiratory monitors, and neither looked good.
Their Rosie was an unhappy Watson, restless and tearful and ill tempered, not wanting to be held and not wanting to be left alone, wanting a bottle and not wanting it, yelling for toys and then throwing them away, reaching for her dummy then spitting it out and wailing.
Sherlock played his violin for John; told him about old cases, from before they’d met. He read to John from terrible books, and from the case files. Neither of them took in a word, really, but John settled more easily to the sound of Sherlock’s voice.
“Our daughter comes,” he said, he laughed, through ecstatic tears. Through the contractions he laughed more joyful yet. No suffering in his life had been so gladly embraced, no pain so welcome to his body as this, as his waking John self huffed in breaths and bore down; as Khan's waking Sherlock self held John's hand and whispered loving (excited, panicked) encouragement.
“I really, really like you,” Phillip said right against Caleb’s ear, full of promises, and out they burst from the elm.
Greg enters the audience area via the side door and saunters across the room. He’s got the strut, he’s got the sway. He’s got the pout and the sass.
Harry noticed that among the sour smelling blankets and pillows in which he… nested was probably the only term… was Rosie’s little stuffed toy bee. Now that she was looking, Harry could see that striped jumper of John’s there too. God, this poor, fucked-in-the-head bastard. She’d lost a new sister. Sherlock Holmes looked like he was losing his mind.
“He didn’t kill me,” said Sherlock firmly, though his voice shook. "I wouldn't allow it. I promised."
Sherlock was too busy shivering to answer. He was also, as John had noticed pretty quickly, having an anatomically correct response to the kissing. John was responding with splendid anatomical correctness himself.
The latter did it, with John suddenly pounding hard, his hands slipping down to Sherlock’s hips to hold him at a better angle as he thrust and swore and fucked his husband with joyous abandon, until he came with a long shout.
HE could not do that without revealing his secret to the Captain, who he loved with all his heart. He couldn’t bear the thought of how Sherlock would look at him if he knew. No more devilish smiles or wicked adventures. No more stolen kisses or joyful coupling in the Captain’s quarters in the moonlight spilling through the porthole. This land-legged body he’d crafted for himself, to have adventures with the pirate captain he’d only ever seen from beneath the waves.
Sherlock’s eyes watered again, and would have been embarrassed about all these sentimental tears, but then Mummy tucked Rosie’s little bear next to his cheek – the somewhat dangerous toy weapon removed so he wouldn’t lose an eye.
“I saw Wiggins take to a boat with Hudson, and Toby was clinging to a barrel. As to the other hands…” Captain Sherlock sighed. “I can’t say.”
Is it any wonder, then, that "thee and ubserb!" were some of Rosie's first words? (Though the reason the child has Sherlock’s youthful lisp is still unknown to science.) Rosie's first actual words, after dada and papa were "Game!" and "Bang!" the latter after which she cackles like the insane.
Giles took Mycroft back to his room and stayed while the medical staff fussed around him, to Mycroft's weary aggravation. He sat and held his son’s hand as Mycroft closed his eyes and pretended to fall asleep, until he actually fell asleep.
And so another member of the extended family ensured John and Sherlock were fed. Reminded them that they were not alone in this.
By the by, Sherlock is very scientific about testing baby foods before they give them to Rosie. John thinks this is a lovely idea. John does not realize the bloody half of it.
'Lessons were learned,' John agreed solemnly, but laughter was still bubbling under his tone. He took a sip of his coffee and sighed with exaggerated pleasure at the caffeine hit.
“Norbury worked for me. I should have found her out in the previous inquiry. I certainly should have handled the confrontation differently. At least seen that she was armed. I am meant to be the smart one.”
Giles grinned in the dark. “Oh yes. She’s decided to paint a Union Flag on it to see if it will make him laugh.”
This afternoon it was back in favour, even though her tongue thrust reflex occasionally deposited a blob of it on her bib, John’s shirt or her blanket.
Being high summer, even Mycroft had finally given in to the heat, removed his jacket and tie, and rolled up his sleeves. He and Greg danced. Sherrinford Holmes stared, not for the dancing, but for the tattoos. Greg’s elbow sported a cobweb, part of a motorbike and the words ‘rock and roll’ were visible on his left forearm, a guitar on his right wrist. More astonishing is the tattoo  of a robin and teacup he could see on his son’s right bicep. The boy who’d left London to study in Australia would never have dated a man covered in tattoos, let alone worn one of his own.
Soon after they were feet-up, facing each other on the sofa, John cradling Rosie as she fed. Sherlock watched them.
“John, this is from Sherlock.” Harry offered John the folded piece of paper. John stared at her hand.
Sally and Molly were there. Mary and James. Martha Hudson and Dimitri, and Violet Hunter and Irene and Kate, and John’s father and mother and sister Harriet who’d come from England just for this.
Of all the things John Watson wants for Rosemund, he wants most of all happiness and he has to acknowledge she may find that happiness in things with which neither of her fathers agree.
John came home with every item on the list, plus a bunch of bright, assorted gerberas which he threaded into Sherlock’s hair to decorate him for being a hero.
Sherlock missed the days when he could simply throw on a coat and stride out into the world, to do whatever he needed to do.
John’s retort was swallowed. He huffed. “Right, so, arms around his waist, look at his mouth to gauge willingness for kissing, then…”
His dad Mycroft might think it silly he was speaking to a dead robot; even his father Sherlock would agree. But he was sure they’d say nothing, only let him be happy. Everything he’d fallen in love with at five years old had been a gift of Opportunity, and he’d shared every gift with his best friend, who was still his best everything, encouraging him and supporting him in everything, just as he did for her.
Then John’s hand was sliding up and down his cock, wanking him, and John was kissing him and murmuring against his lips: “You’re mine, you gorgeous thing, mine, my husband, mine, for always and ever, God, you’re perfect, you’re amazing, you’re everything, everything I never needed, ever wanted
Harry sent the pictures to John and then, grinning evilly, rescued Molly by taking Rosie into her arms.
“Is it… unacceptable, that Sherlock should be with you now that Mary has died? Is that why you haven’t seen him?”
Sherlock moaned a protest when John pulled away, but then grinned with shining eyes as John ran his gaze over Sherlock’s body.
“It was never about the sex when it began, with us and Mary. Why would it be about the sex now? I can live without sex. I lived without it for a long time. Never missed it then. It’s not. Even if we never. I. It’s. I love John. We both love Mary. Loved Mary. I have always loved John.”
Three days later Rosamund the Brilliant (she had earlier that day schooled Lestrade on his incorrect usage of the word reagent) revisited the pageant topic by crafting herself a cape made of her father's Belstaff, then sashayed around the sitting room in it.
He forgot he was holding an ice-cream, and it fell from the cone onto her sensible shoes, but that was okay. She’d forgotten her ice-cream too, and it fell onto his gleaming black uniform shoes. Douglas would see it later but Martin for once didn’t care, didn’t even twitch; forgot he was so fussy for that whole flight, piloted on literal and figurative clouds.
Peeping out from the wings, on the verge of either quitting or storming out to confront him, he sees that Mycroft has been joined by another man. Around Mycroft’s age and not half as stylish. They’re whispering together. Fuck. He’s brought witnesses.
“She changes the music from The Beatles to Ed Sheeran when I’m supposed to come in for tea,” laughed Giles.
“Did you come looking for this, Mr Garrideb?” From his trouser pocket, Sherlock drew an oblong of waterlogged leather. “Or were you expecting me to find it?”
John stopped kissing Sherlock to flip her the finger. Rosie in his arms bounced happily and tugged on his ear.
John turned at the tremor in Sherlock’s voice. “Sherlock?” Sherlock was pale. Eyes blinking hard. A wash of panic still in them. John draped the clean clothes over the bench and went to him. “Hey. It’s okay.”
Greg is queer and he is a cop, and he sees how Mycroft is taking in the scene, and the drag queen on stage doing a Cher routine, with utterly relaxed confidence; and how the boyfriend has a kind of sneer on his face. His expression is unpleasant as he leans close to Mycroft and points at people, clearly making snarky comments. Mycroft gives the fellow in his too cool, try hard suit a quelling look and the fucking drag tourist doesn’t take the hint.
John shrugged, picked up The Guardian, leaving the rest for Sherlock and dropped into his armchair. He poured himself a cup of coffee from the tempered glass French Press he'd left on his side table.
Sherrinford rolled the scotch around in the glass and watched John Watson-Holmes murmuring something into Sherlock’s ear.
Rosie grabbed for her bee with a determined little face, her blue eyes wide and her mouth a little crooked with her concentration as she grabbed the bee and pulled it to her chest.
And then John and Sherlock cut the wedding pavlova and fed each other the traditional first bites (and Greg and Mycroft thought it hilarious that both men shifted oddly while doing so, and blushed, then laughed. Because apparently pavlova was a
“She sank like a stone,” said Sherlock steadily, as though it were no more to him than a lace kerchief, of which he owned dozens. Well. Used to.
To be specific, the very worst part was trying to amalgamate their two bachelor households into one large but not large enough two-storey apartment in Baker Street.
“My frock coat is lost and my best boots. My breeches will also never be the same again.” But that strain was still there.
“Ha. No. He wasn’t there, as per fucking usual. But it wasn’t about him. It was about me, saying what I needed to say, even if it was contradictory and nobody but me was listening. You just get it out, so it's said. Probably doesn't help but maybe it doesn't hurt. I can't tell.”
Greg’s first instinct is to not interfere. Mycroft can take of himself. Mycroft can be pretty bloody scary and dangerous when he chooses, and he may well be working.
Mycroft and Greg, both crying and laughing and kissing too, ushered downstairs, the guests all following behind. Irene’s fashion photographer friend Norton led the small crowd through all the best alleyways for wedding photos by the street art, beside the street furniture, around the old buildings and quirky new architecture until and at last they arrived at the rooftop garden for a barbeque reception.
Without even looking away from his experiment Rosie's poppa said, "You will not prance around on a stage and be judged for your prettiness."
‘Here,’ suggested Porthos, pulled but his blanket. His bed was wide enough for two by a small margin. The fact that he wore not a stitch himself was beside the point.
‘Greg’s ill,’ said Molly, anxious and trying not to be.  ‘He’s fine. Well. Not fine, fine, but he doesn’t need a respirator. He’s on the mend.’
Sherlock entwined his fingers with John’s. Lifted John’s hand to kiss his fingers, then rested their joined hands on his thigh, next to Bart the bear. “I love you too. I’ll be here. I promise.”
Molly knocked on the door. “John?” she called. He didn’t reply. She knocked louder. Called his name again.
“Leaona was working as a barmaid when I met her. Australians in London often worked in hospitality. But she was a chemist, making use of her time and earning pocket money, she said, before she began her Masters at Oxford.”
Sherlock gave him a cranky look but continued. “You say you have prowess in this stupid art of mashing lips together?”
He opened a channel to Opportunity’s frequency – he’d programmed it into his helmet out of sentiment rather than expectation. Maybe the sun had begun to wake her up. Maybe Opportunity could hear him while she slept.
“That idiot boy who tried to assassinate Queen Victoria in 1840,” said Mr Holmes immediately. “Was sent to an asylum.”
In a meadow close to the Bosworth Battlefield Heritage Centre, John looked up the hill at the tall figure who gracefully flicked his coat tails back and scaled the low fence. The sky had cleared from scudding grey clouds to bright blue, though the wind blew high, heroically unfurling the Plantagenet and Tudor banners on their flagpoles above a monument – the disputed crown caught upon a sundial.
John was not in that tomb. Even Richard was not beneath that alabaster seal. Here were only bones and dust. Only the memory of a man who had done evil deeds. The Richard who had repented, who suffered and became redeemed, was not down there in the darkness where neither sunlight nor Sherlock’s weeping (nor Khan’s) could reach him.
“Hang on,” said John, “The cousin didn’t move to the neighbourhood until after your sister died. But wasn’t he quoted on what she was like in the article?”
Sally and Molly left the happy Mr and Mr Lestrade-Holmes’s house hand in hand. Sally had a bottle of Australian Chandon Brut in one hand; Molly had nicked a couple of glasses.
John tugged Sherlock’s shirt out of his waistband, then pulled back to undo the buttons. He stopped between buttons to kiss Sherlock, while Sherlock interrupted progress to kiss John’s face, to nibble at John’s fingers and suck on his wrists. John kicked off his shoes and they guided each other, between kisses half frantic, half devotional, to the double bed tucked at the back of the vehicle.
John’s lips parted slightly and Sherlock’s opened his slightly too, so that their mouths pressed more intimately. The tip of John’s tongue ran along Sherlock’s lip and so Sherlock, in turn, slid the edge of his tongue over John’s lip, then against the side of his tongue. A sipping little dance of touch and taste.
She waited until her brother marched into the bathroom. Then Harry and Molly closed the door and took Rosie to the park.
Rosie grunted a little, then made a surprised sound and closed the little space between them, until she could grasp Daddy’s thumb, Papa’s crisp, clean trousers in wet fingers. The men moved so that she could get between them, bumping against knees and thighs, then pull herself into sitting and held her arms up to them.
Oh, the look of terror on Sherlock’s face, that saw John follow him over the edge and changed to the most terrible despair. Sherlock in his anguish reached up as he plummeted away, as though by grasping John’s hand he could save him.
John stands with Rosie on one hip, a spoon of pumpkin puree that Rosie is refusing to eat in one hand and his hair sticking up like an electrified hedgehog because he hasn’t had time to find a comb.
Harry heaved a shuddering breath and blew her nose wetly. She wiped and shoved the tissues in her pocket with her cigarettes. “I had a sister for a less than a year. I really, really liked her. I liked having a sister.” She sniffed again, and accepted the next offered tissues more graciously. “After all that shit went down at Christmas, she used to call me. Just to talk. Not about what happened. Other stuff. Anything. Nobody ever just calls me, you know? Well, Giles and Leandra do now. They’re really sweet. I went last weekend to set up their Wi-Fi for them. Leandra’s teaching me how to bake, since Mary never got me past cupcakes, and I burned those. Giles says he’s going to teach me joinery. Hang on.”
Sherlock stared at the extended hand. Sherrinford wondered if John Watson-Holmes would nudge Sherlock into doing the polite thing, but he only stood close to Sherlock, a hand around Sherlock’s waist, providing support.
Harry folded her arms again. “I do. I just. Miss her.  She was kind. She. John loves me. I know that. It’s good we’re friends again. And Rosie’s gorgeous. I adore her. But babies love everybody, yeah? But. I liked Mary so much. I think I loved her as a sister. She. Maybe. I don’t know. Loved me even though she didn’t have to.”
John, shockingly, sobbed. Once. Twice. Fell, sobbing, clutching, onto Sherlock. Pulled Sherlock into his lap again and held so strongly that later there would be bruises.
“I. I. Suppose. I heard stories. That’s all. Just. I shouldn’t have spoken to the journalist who called. I. I was.”
Like a little baby girl, a tiny baby girl whose hair is dusty-blond, whose limbs are succulent-fat, and who fuckin', god damn fuckin', triple fuck-fuck-fucking wakes up every hour on the hour and John loves Rosie, oh god he loves her, but some nights he's ready to suck out his own brains with the breast pump
‘Of course he will,’ said Sherlock, as though he hadn’t been terrified that he was watching Mycroft die. ‘He’s much too important to allow a mere virus to defeat him.’ The old dry disdain tried to break through, but he wouldn’t have fooled a child.
“Thank you,” said Mycroft primly. If anyone was a dandy, Sherrinford supposed it was Mycroft, who was supposed to have been a government minister, or the head of a department, or an ambassador to somewhere important by now.
What Sally does is scream and jump out of her chair. She runs to Molly and picks her up and swings her round and round and round and round, kiss-kiss-kissing her lovely girl, until they sort of collapse onto the floor, slow motion, still kissing.
In the hush following, John squeezed Sherlock's hand and rose. He went to Giles at the foot of the bed and reached up to encircle Mr Holmes in his arms. He hugged Giles tightly, wordlessly, for such a long time, and Giles wrapped his arms around John too, and rubbed his back.
Porthos, comfortably abed in the small hours of the night, thought for a moment he was dreaming when his door crashed opened to reveal Aramis in boots and hat and nothing else, save for a bundle of clothing clutched against his chest.
Dishevelled, unshaven, hollow eyed, he sat on the floor beyond the sofa, tucked in a nest of blankets between the sofa and the bookshelf, his back to the wall. His music stand had fallen over – sheet music was spread among the rest of the detritus. He was tapping a driving rhythm on his bent knees with nimble fingers.
“Victor. Yes. Always off exploring, Mycroft hovering at the rear like an overprotective Saint Bernard. Sometimes we made him play the part of Horatio Nelson and he’d have to wear an eyepatch.”
He ate. The toast was almost dripping in butter and piled high with jam. It was what she’d always made him, from when they were little and their mum was in hospital again and Dad buggered off to the pub, or later when they ran off and squatted. Toast was the only thing she knew how to make back then, but she made lots of it.
“I’m glad I came,” he said. He pulled Sherlock into a sudden embrace, hard and tight, like he used to when Sherlock was small. “It’s so good to see you happy,” said Sherrinford in a low voice, rough with emotion, while he held on. “You are so loved. Treasure it. Treasure him.”
“No I did not leave her in the cot.” Harry drew a breath on her irritation and blew it out. She’d had a series of texts from John about what had happened at the hospital. The bare bones, anyway. She’d called Molly later, who’d got the story from Greg. If John was being a twitchy overprotective dad who assumed his sister was an incompetent mother substitute, well, Johnnie had had a shit of a day and night.
This is how Mycroft reached the hospital room to see how his brother nearly died. This is what happened straight after. These are the promises kept and made. This is a family.
“Yup. Tempered in the field of sibling battles, that boy. Got so he wasn’t even embarrassed by me anymore, and so I lost my power over him. It’s a story of tragedy and pathos, Mike.”
“Oh no you don’t.” Harry pushed away from the tree and jabbed her cigarette at him for emphasis. “Just. Fucking. Stop. It. And fuck that hangdog face as well. You know what? This shit? This shit is complicated. My therapist is going to make his fucking fortune trying to help me unfuck my life. But the number one thing he said is that we all have burdens enough from the things we
“There, sweetheart, there.” She was already in the sling. So coat – bugger that, couldn’t get it on over the sling. “Daddy’s got you.” Wallet, then. Keys. “Come on, off to the doctor we go, yes we do….”
“Oh, cutting back the weeds, seeing how badly the old pile is teetering on its foundations. Your mother and I thought it was finally time to let it go. We’ve a few more months of work to do on it, but then we’ll put it on the market.”
When the dance ended, their shirts damp-clingy with perspiration, Mr Holmes’s astonishment at the outlines of the tattoos over their hearts gave way to another wave of wistful acceptance. He could make out the shape of an umbrella over Greg Lestrade’s heart. Over Mycroft’s was a guitar. His son was a stranger to him, but a stranger who loved and was loved. Adored. There was Greg, kissing Mycroft’s fingers, and there was Mycroft, eyes sparkling with joy. The boy he used to be long ago.
The guests kept themselves busy while Mrs Hudson stoked up the barbie and Mycroft and Greg went on a groom hunt.
Mrs Hudson was used to a variety of declarations, shouting, occasional crashing furniture and hysterical laughter from upstairs. Only very occasionally were those sounds related to cases.
“Cool man. It’s a long story, but it’s cool. I’d have asked a guy I know, but I didn’t want to upstage Mom. I’m not that much of an asshole.”
Sherlock nuzzled John’s temple. Kissed the greying temples. Kissed the stubbled cheeks and the weary eyelids.
Not meeting his prospective bride before the wedding day wasn’t anything like the worst part of this whole necessary shemozzle. In fact, the bride turning out to be another groom was actually the best bit of the business. His parents were shocked, thinking they’d arranged a dewy-eyed maiden for this alliance, but the contracts had been signed. They really should have checked whether Sherlock was a girl’s name, or at least insisted on a photograph.
“Can I?” Sally began to cry. “Oh god. I love you. I love you. You make me so happy. So happy. So happy.” She sniffed hard on her happy sobbing and started to sing. “My honey’s buzzing in my hive, my baby’s got a sting; my darling girl’s my queen; I don’t need no other king.”
“For remorse that still pleads repentance for every dark deed,” sighed Richard, but then he smiled. “And for hope. For joy. In my first life I was a father, for too short a time. In other lives I was sometimes woman, and bore children and surrendered them to fate. Yet this bearing is different, for I was never yet, in this my first body, a mother.”
“I would tear the throat of any who would threaten her, with mine own teeth,” said Richard in a steely voice.
He buried his face in large, rough hands. “I’m sorry. I’m. I didn’t know. I never knew what to do. I left again, as soon as I could. I’ve stayed away. But Howie’s got cancer now, and Nathan’s not interested in the cattle, so I came back to help. And I guess. I guess people talk. I guess I’ve talked. When I drink. Which is. Which is. All the time. When that reporter called me about your family selling Musgrave Hall, all I could think of was that sweet little girl who was the first friendly person I ever met in this country. How I let her down.”
Speaking of speaking, recently Rosie muttered "Bugger!" after dropping her sippy cup. John and Sherlock glared accusingly at one another, but it was Mrs Hudson who laughed faintly and said unconvincingly, "Oh where do they pick up these things?"
Molly shook the bunny blanket out onto the grass under a tree while Harry kissed Rosie’s forehead and held up her phone.
Sherlock listened to John’s tread on the stairs, but it remained steady. No unevenness.  That was something; that the limp hadn’t come back. Usually robust, even when occasionally troubled by the old shoulder wound, John was now exhausted and could barely crawl up the stairs when he finally made it home after double, triple shifts.  He was once more in the front lines of a war, stoically battling to save lives; shoving aside the feelings of helplessness for those he couldn’t save.
And the swallows and the swifts, the finches and the pipits, flew overhead; the swans and ducks and sandpipers swam past, and the green world sang in Regent’s Park.
“Excellent work, Watson,” he told her, “Always leave an evidence trail. Unless you’re committing a crime, then don’t. I’m saving
For the Anthropomorphism trope. It's not quite in keeping with the trope, but I wanted to tell a bit of the story of how we all anthropomorphised Oppy.
Sherlock’s hands clutched convulsively at John’s, a sudden spasm, as he stared at unsullied grass growing lush in this field.
“No. We. We cuddle. We. We’re both better when we are near each other. We hold hands. Kiss. Well. You’ve seen.”
“Fuck this guilt thing, Mycroft. You’ve got so many monkeys on your back. You’d have to be a moron not to see the circus you carry around, even if you act like it’s nothing. But it’s all just shitty. The person who killed Mary is the bitch who pulled the trigger on her and on you. What happened to your sister is just horrible, but you were all just kids. Maybe it’s nobody’s fault. Maybe it’s everybody’s. But what does it matter now? It is what it is, and you don’t deserve what happened to you. And I’m not saying that to be kind. If even my awful fucking father didn’t deserve to burn to death, you sure as fuck don’t deserve to feel like Mary and Eurus were your fault, or that you lost your leg to make it
Just because he was a widely travelled medical man who knew precisely what could go wrong, and how often, and how badly…
Phillip fetched his cigarette and lighter, lit up and made an obscene sound of relief as he took a drag.
The non-sex-holiday highlight was Sherlock’s time in the annual Pier-to-Pub race, which was the reason they’d chosen Lorne in the first place. Slathered in sunscreen to save his pale skin, Sherlock went into the water at the Pier in the middle of the Senior Males pack. John jogged down the foreshore, following the swimmers until Sherlock emerged ahead of most of them at the Lorne Surf Lifesaving Club the Pub end of the race.
Mrs Hudson pressed a knuckle to her lips, her eyes filling. Sherlock put his arms around her and hugged her again.
“I don’t expect trouble. Just data,” said Sherlock, “Hey boy? Hey Toby? Hey?” His tone was eager, boyish, as he vigorously patted the ears of the dog at his feet.
Mycroft snatched up the paper to peer at the article again. “For someone who wasn’t here he claims enough knowledge. ‘Eurus Holmes wanted to see the stars’ he says. As if he’d known. And oh, look. ‘She always sang an odd rhyme about trees. It still haunts me.’ The presumptuous little…”
Before they caught their train back to London, they passed through St Martins once more. John waited while Sherlock placed white roses at the feet of Richard’s statue.
After, Richard lay on his back, his aspect, fierce in life, now wreathed in bliss as he petted Khan’s hair. Khan, head on Richard’s chest, gazed over the landscape of his love’s naked body, each rise and fall a work of art to him. An isle unto itself, a precious stone, his heart's realm, his Richard.
In a blue scarf, a baby Belstaff, three strands of pearls, two tiaras, and almost more bracelets than her tiny arms could hold, Rosemund was the very, very
“Fourteen so far. My second favourite face is your brother’s. Not the one when I said I would kill him. He seemed rather stoic, which is a bit dull. But when I told him this morning I was going to kill
Leaving one hand on the discovery under Sherlock’s shirt, John ran his other hand down, dipped under the waistband, slid further down.
She’d held his hand and they bumped shoulders and laughed and he forgot to feel stupid or foolish or
“Oh, fuck.” Harry ran to the kitchen, jabbed at the oven controls and with a lot more swearing and hopping about, extracted a tray of bread rolls from the second shelf and half dropped it on top of the cooker. The tops of the rolls had begun to blacken. With more cursing, Harry picked one up, tossing it from hand to hand until she could throw it on the benchtop.  She sighed.
John nodded and then shook his head, his face creasing in distress. “I can’t. I can’t take Rosie to the hospital. I want. I’ll. Go. I. But she shouldn’t.” He shuddered and tried again. “It’s getting so I can’t leave the flat. What if he’s. He’s. I can’t.”
John nuzzled under Sherlock’s chin. Lipped at his skin. He ran a hand along Sherlock’s ribs then wrapped his arm across Sherlock’s back and pulled him close. Sherlock had stopped shaking. He didn’t cling so hard, which only made John want to hold him more tightly.
The announcer is saying something about 133 of 150 electorates saying Yes to marriage equality, but nobody is listening. Irene and Kate are hugging and crying. Mrs Hudson, Mary and the Captains crew – who have finished hugging now – are popping and pouring champagne for everyone in the café, couples and allies alike.
Ford’s brush bumped against something hard at the bottom of the trench. He leaned over on his hands and knees and peered through his visor.
