His voice went from sad to sour at the last words and Dean wondered, if Cas was close with his family, or if something had happened that drew them apart. He himself didn’t really know what it was like to have a big family since his mother died early and his father had been absent the most of his childhood. He only had his brother.
Their first time was very strange. They had talked about alternative fertilization methods but decided it would be easier to just have sex. And Dean had been having sex with women before, not many but there actually had been a time before college, where he had thought he was straight. He always thought that the strict, military education by his father had made him want to be as expected, but he realized he simply wasn’t.
"Hello?" a gravelly voice at the other end asked and Dean felt a shiver running down his spine. He hadn't noticed just how much he had yearned to hear that voice again.
The light was too bright, even if it was dimmed a little and everything in the room seemed to be white. The ceiling, the walls, the hangings in front of the windows; what didn't mean it didn't take a minute for Dean to recognise, that he was in a hospital. All the stuff he went through as a kid on the road had nurtured his distaste for hospitals, and it must mean there were a lot of things wrong when he was here.
“Yes, I do.”
Dean fiddled with the sleave of the flannel he was wearing. Maybe he shouldn't be burdening his brother with this but he really needed someone to talk to, and there wasn't really someone else.
“He is, well, he has learned a lot of human ways in the past years.” Dean knitted his brows together. Cas sometimes acted so humanly that it was scary. Then, other times, he didn’t understand, that something was a gift when it was meant as one and why the hell Dean kept insisting on wearing a towel while walking back from the shower to his room.
Somebody sighted in his head. “It’s not that bad, Dean,” the angel voiced and the hunter blinked a lot of times.
"I'm fine," Cas said, seemingly slowly coming to his senses and blinking the alpha red away fully but still staring at the other. "I'm not in rut. Anymore, I mean."
The angel shook his head. “Must have been someone from another garrison.” He hovered over Dean and looked around as if to make sure, that no one else would come to attack him.
“No!” Sam laughed again. “Ew, I didn’t want to imagine that. No, I mean, flirt a little, get to know him, find out, if he is gay, something like that.”
As he stepped on the sidewalk, he turned his head and looked Dean right in the eyes.
“Okay.” Did Dean imagine him licking his lips? “But I owe you one for that.”
Suddenly a surprisingly strong hand, gripped his arm again, holding him in place, where he was bend over this scurrile, alien loving, stoic girl. Her eyes opened and she was searching his face frantically until her gaze calmed down and she only looked sad. He had probably said the last part out loud.
There was no way this guy could be his perfect match, hell, there was no way he could be the perfect match for anybody. He knew he was nice for an occasional one night stand, but he was sure nobody would want to be bonded to him for life.
Hehe, these names are the cheesiest thing I could have thought about *.*
After a second of searching his body, Dean just offered his magazine to Cas and could see how the other tried to suppress a smile as he scribbled the digits on it, with a pen he had emerged from his vest pocket. He has beautiful handwriting, the Winchester noticed as Cas ended just above the right boob of the girl on the cover.
“Are you ready to meet the family?” Dean asked and grinned a little bit at the prospect of seeing the sheriff and the girls again. They always had too much to do to drive over and when they did, there was a crisis or somebody was dying.
Oh boy, he was so, so fucked.
“Cas,” he whispered breathlessly as blue eyes found his and a hint of recognition flickered across them. On his hip, he balanced Mia, who actually squealed at the sight of the older Winchester, at what both men were so surprised, that they didn’t say anything for a few seconds. Then, trying to avoid the others gaze, Dean took Mia out of his arms and threw her slightly in the air. “Did somebody miss me?” he grinned up at her while she giggled.
“Dean, what are you doing here?” he asked in a whisper like voice and the older Winchester had to admit that it was indeed a little bit weird to knock on his neighbor’s window in the first floor in the middle of the night.
"Can I- can I call you Cas?" Dean asked, feeling slightly flustered. "You know, Castiel is kind of a mouthful." He felt Cas nodd and suddenly noticed that they were still in an awkward position, even if held loosely.
One and a half month after the incident with the witch, a rather big hunt came up, which Dean and Sam wanted to investigate themselves, because it sounded fishingly like winged assholes. It was possible, that the research from before was related to this case and they didn’t want to risk sending anybody else there.
He shook his head at this.
Damn, the last time Dean held a baby, beside the adventure with Bobby John and the small Amara, was when he was about six and his giant brother still shat his pants. They really needed to improve their baby-skills, because beside the protection from all the evil in the world the little Winchester girl also needed food and a clean diaper.
“So, you say she has to go to a hospital? Or mental asylum?” Dean asked, not sure if Cas would be up to that with all the guilt he was already feeling.
“Well, let’s get this show on the road!” Dean said and laughed a little.
Dean leaned forward and saw the angel’s bright blue eyes widening. A soft wind caught in their jackets and Cas only looked down at the older Winchesters mouth for one second, but it was enough of a reassurance.
He had waited another day after his heat had ended, just to make sure, before he went back to Crowley. He was confident, that the others, maybe except Benny had bailed on him and told the rather short beta about what had happened in the Gas'nSip, but he wasn't afraid. Crowley needed him.
In the end, everything comes tumbling down at the Winchesters as usual, so, who will survive? And who will feel the urge to sacrifice themselves in a true Winchester manner?
“Hi, erm, I was wondering,” Dean started and tried to remember how he had always been so confident and flirty around girls before he had met Cas. The woman had turned and looked at him with big eyes, but not unfriendly. She must have noticed the cast.
After dinner, Sammy cleared his throat.
"Yeah," Dean bit back, sudden anger bubbling underneath his skin. "And that's why you should stay away from me. This life, it's nothing for you two. You should get out as long as you can."
The older Winchester was still for a moment, thinking about a good thing to say, a way to deny his feelings, or to play this encounter down. He was saved by an angel.
Cas nodded and had the nerve to pull back a chair and sit down. He never did that. He wasn’t human enough for such a gesture of playing out time, was he?
"Zachariah? What was his last name?" Cas suddenly asked and Dean looked over to him. In his blue eyes, there was a puzzled look as if he tried to solve worlds greatest mystery in Dean's two-room apartment.
“Well,” Cas shifted in his seat and started to dig into his fries as well. “She told me that she didn’t want the kid anymore sometimes. I begged her to refrain from aborting it and said I would do anything she wants. She told me to leave her the lower part of the house and bring her food once in a while. Sometimes she-“
“What do you mean?” he asked and tried to sound indifferent if not a little bit curious, even though he really didn’t want to continue this conversation.
Mary Winchester was not someone who was easily found if she didn't want you to. Just as many other things, this was information about his mother, Dean hadn't had before she had come back from the dead. Usually, this was a good traid for a hunter, but this time it was immensely annoying.
'What are you doing here, Dean?' a voice in his head suddenly rang and he remembered that they could actually communicate this way.
Dean shook his head to get it clear. “So, what now?” he asked and looked around to locate himself. He had no idea how he got here.
“Sorry Dean,” Cas said out loud and Sam lifted his eyebrows. Then Dean was suddenly in charge again.
"Your scent is driving me mad," Cas whispered in his ear as he licked and nibbled at Dean's neck what made the omega pick up on the speed of undressing. Conveniently, Dean's pants were a little loose, they were old ones from Sammy, or they wouldn't have made their way over his cast that fast.
Everything he said made Dean think the alpha was too good, too pure for him and take his stuff and run as far away as possible.
Slightly jogging excitedly with the form through the hallways back to their room Dean earned himself a few disapproving looks from the hospital staff. After he rounded a particularly sharp corner, he suddenly found himself brought to a halt, though.
“Maybe she is like Mary, the virgin, you know?” he asked gazing dreamily into space. Yeah sure, it was easy enough to get into her bed, Dean thought. They were sitting in another motel room than the one they had their stuff in, to not reveal their secrets to anyone who might be watching.
The angel looked as if he wanted to protest, but everyone else got busy right away. “I’m sorry, Cas, but we really need to-”
Dean just stared at her for some time until he noticed Cas emerging from the glass door behind her. He looked a little better but there were dark shadows under his eyes, and his hair was wet.
How does Dean Winchester get out of gang business, now that he has a reason to survive?
“I’m not young anymore, and I don’t want to wait anymore.” Jo hesitated for a moment as if she hadn’t ever said the following out loud.
“I have a daughter and a son,” Dean grinned proudly, only now noticing the other people in the room, who were also waiting for the news. Jo’s mom smiled at him for the first time and surprisingly pulled him into an embrace as well. “Come, you have to see them,” Dean said and let the way to the rest of his little family. The only ones missing are Cas and Mia, he thought and wondered if he could call them soon.
“What means what?” Dean was now wholly confused. He had been determined to go, but this weird, attractive stranger seemed to know something he didn't possess the knowledge of that was affecting him.
When he looked at his brother again, the other had lifted his eyebrows as if to ask if everything was all right. Dean rolled his eyes and then got out a pen and a paper. “Just dictate me what you want to say,” he thought, this time silently and the problem seemed to be kind of solved.
Sam, that giant, was crouched over an old book and stepped away for the other to have a look. Said old, heavy book was opened on a page with an illustration of an angel with the big caption in ornate letters: ‘Ananiel’.
Oh god, what time was it?
“You know exactly what I mean,” the older Winchester retorted, while the younger crossed his arms and looked worried. “You know something about these pains, or whatever and you changed the doctor so nobody would worry.”
Maybe he shouldn’t think of people like this, but he had seen so many stupid and mean people that he thought of himself as average. Even if he was working for a man, who called himself the King of Hell, robbing fuel stations for him. At least he had never killed anybody.
Dean almost spilled the beer he had tried to take a gulp out just now. Maybe, if he would have had less control over his facial features, he would have turned red, but he normally knew how to contain himself in front of his brother. Or he thought he did.
Dean had closed his eyes in the last second and had therefore seen how the other had shut his sky-blue orbits and had leaned forward himself. The hunter could have sworn before, that Cas would keep his eyes open but he liked to be proved wrong.
“Cas,” he said, unconsciously putting a hand on his shoulder and very consciously, suddenly feeling the warmth radiating from there. Then the both of them heard Mia starting to fuss, probably over her coloring book, that was completely purple by now and they turned their heads to look inside the house.
Dean looked at him puzzled while trying to connect the mechanism, that was attached to the seat. His smile only grew wider. “I think it’s way too early for her first boyfriend.”
Well, all right, they had three duffel bags with clothing for three and weapons for twenty people with them, but for some reason, there was nothing to take care of a baby in his beloved Impala.
"I am sorry for my outburst," he stated as he looked down and got to his feet. "It seems as if I am required at my next shift. They are cutting the staff, and I need the job."
He got out of his car, stored his gun in the back of his pants and slowly crept over to a window in the building.
Feeling, that his legs were falling asleep, the older hunter got up and earned two questionable looks from his brother and his angel, who were comforting Glynn the best they could while she waited for the next contraction.
“You probably cannot imagine how much I would like to do this because of the right reasons, but when is it ever easy.” He grinned at her questioning face, but she didn’t seem disgusted. Good.
“Hi, Cas, say hello to Skylar,” Dean whispered and the angel looked up to him as if he had noticed the man just now. The hunter couldn’t blame him, since he couldn’t agree more to the fact that their daughter was the most mesmerizing being in heaven, hell, purgatory, earth and whatever weird place there was in addition.
After having printed out a few pictures, the doctor told them to sit down with her, separated by her desk. Sam the giant had to stand, because there were only three chairs, but the lady in white seemed to send them a knowing look now.
Dean felt completely helpless. He didn’t know what to say to the woman who tried to push out his child, he couldn’t stop the angels outside or the stones that would be falling onto them soon. He could only let her squeeze his hand like she did right now, bone crushing but he was used to a lot stronger pain.
A demon then. That was nothing new but normally they didn’t cause earthquakes that broke protection sigils. A streak of lightning caught Dean’s attention and took it away from the creature of hell towards the sky.
But he couldn’t let this happen. Cas deserved something way better, he deserved to be happy, whatever way that was and Dean was poison. Everybody around him died and/or lost everything they had.
Sam handed his brother some extra fluffy socks and a yellow-and-red-striped hat, which the other put on his daughter as gentle and fast as he could. The older Winchester lifted the little girl to his shoulder as they had learned in the video baby class, that seemed to have been ages ago and turned around to her other daddy.
“Son of a-” he started and then looked down at his daughter and his angel’s opened eyes. “Sorry”, he muttered and fished for the gun under his pillow. “You take Sky and get out of the bathroom window. Get as far away as possible. Don't look back.”
“Do you remember which state Mom was in the last time she called?” Dean said and sensed the usual emotions wash over him, he felt when he was thinking about Mary. He had forgiven her, yes. But that didn’t mean she had gotten back to being that unreachable, idealistic image of a mother she had been before she came back.
They started to run immediately. Given the short distance, they probably burst through the door only seconds later, but it was enough time for the church to be calm and silent again. Not one thing, besides the door they destroyed, seemed out of place.
The second Dean pressed the button attached to a ring on his left hand, hell went lose around him. He had tried to jump, to get further away from the explosions, but it was no use; he flew around the room like a puppet cut loose from its strings.
The moment Dean saw his little brother, he hugged him hart, thanking him over and over for the role he had played in convincing him. Not that he would ever admit that to anybody else.
“You coming?” Sam asked from outside, having already helped Glynn out of the vehicle. As if in slow motion, Dean watched as a hand came down on his shoulder from behind for reasurement probably. It felt warm and steady and ready to protect and defend.
The man, who was probably the angel’s lawyer shuffled through the stack, and it seemed as if everybody was holding his breath, even Zachariah.
"Um, yeah, alright. Dean, move as you please," he said, and the alpha voice brought shivers down the addressed's spine. Dean felt himself loosen up and dropped back down on the bench next to Cas.
Of course, it started with a witch hunt; these were always the nastiest ones and the points, at which things normally went spiralling down. Okay, maybe Dean had a quite distorted view on witch hunts, but after what happened this time, nobody could hold it before him.
The urge became stronger fast as Dean watched the others coo over his new-born babies and retreating a little bit to the background he dialed the number he had saved in his phone but never called.
“I’m so sorry, Dean. I shouldn’t have…” he trailed off and seemingly tried to take deep breaths over there. Dean felt himself shaking a little at the rejection his body interpreted the other’s behaviour as. He didn’t know anymore where his own thoughts began and his inner omega’s desires ended.
It was such an amazing feeling to have Cas around all the time, that Dean sometimes tried to shake himself awake or make himself aware, that he could be under the influence of a Djinn. He was waiting for the other shoe to drop as they continued their research side by side and also as they watched series in the evening, together, sometimes joined by Sammy, sometimes not.
Dean could see out of the corner of his eyes that Anna was rolling her eyes again, a thing she seemed to do often. She had her arms uncrossed, but put her hands to her hips in a scolding manner.
This was it then, he thought, this was how it finally ended. At least Cas and Sky we're safe.
“A little practice could help me, actually, I think,” Dean said and looked up at Cas bending over the backseat of his Baby. Oh boy.
Dean worked on the car and then drove to the auto shop for some paperwork. By the time he had to start to get Cas, the blue car had been repaired and was ready to go. Through his back mirror of the Impala, Dean could see the baby seat and felt wonderfully domestic.
With a sad sight Dean followed Sam through the door, which the other held open patiently. They had their FBI-badges out in no time and Dean wondered for a brief moment, how anybody could believe, that agent Donovan accidently ended up working together with agent Lestrade, before following his brother down to the victims.
Inside, he could see two figures, both aimed with full-automatic riffles, clothed in black with the white angel wings, the sign of the Heaven's gang on their backs. They seemed to be looking out for or guarding something, and Dean used a short moment where they looked the other direction to lift himself inside and in the shadows to his right.
“No, Dean, I’m in front of the motel and we are going to this church right now.” Alright, Dean thought, if the monsters cannot wait until the night anymore, they would get a dirty and pissed of Winchester. And they definitely didn’t want that.
"Ah, hi Sammy," he started and didn't know how to continue. Discussing feelings, no matter for whom had never been the two brothers expertise. "I- I, eh, like Cas." Wow, he should become a poet.
That way, Dean told the alpha everything about his family he thought was save to be known. The death of his mother in a house fire when he had been four, the time he had to act as a mother and father to Sam since their dad had started to drown himself in alcohol and shady business. When Cas asked how he ended up robbing fuel stations, Dean just said he needed to pay for Sam's college. It was not as if there wasn't a part in himself that enjoyed what he did, but he somehow didn't want the other to know.
“You alright?” Dean asked when he collected them and their bags. The angel just nodded and hoisted their daughter's car seat onto his arm. Skylar would soon be hungry again, and the older hunter felt similar. On the other hand, he longed for the bed that would await him after nearly fourteen hours on the road. He stretched his back as soon as he dropped their duffel bags on one of the beds and wished he was twenty again.
“Who are you,” the hunter asked instead but tried to be quiet, so nobody with a nonomnipotent hearing could understand him. A laughter was audible.
Dean handed Mia to Cas and let him show how to put her in the car seat. They got into the car and the moment the motor started, Dean couldn’t hold back anymore. He really didn’t want to sound strange, but something inside of him had to ask this question.
“Did you know him?” the hunter asked then instead and rubbed over his face, because Cas didn’t seem to want to leave his personal space and it drove him crazy.
On his left side, a small bed was set up, in which a very small looking Mia was sleeping in enlightened by the light under the ceiling in the shape of a bee. Dean was almost melting as he followed the apparently hand-painted figures on the bright yellow walls, that told stories about bears and squirrels and all the animals in the world.
The other two people, especially Sam, didn’t notice anything weird about Cas, so Dean didn’t make a remark but he glanced over at the angel ever so often.
‘Dean,’ a voice spoke up in his mind, and he really should get used to that. ‘Is Crowley a good man? Do you trust him?’ Their eyes met through the room, and Dean felt a sting of annoyance because his brain didn’t seem to have anything else to do but to think that his mate looked kind of badass and adorable at the same time.
(See the end of the chapter for
The meeting was set to two nights from now onwards and to another warehouse, this time without interior. Since the last one burned down because of Dean's explosions they had to move to less homey and more abandoned locations.
“By the way,” she said and brought him back to the moment. “His name was Dick and he married one of the two girls a week ago.” Her grin seemed a little bit pained but it didn’t look like she still loved him. That was good.
Flirt with him, Dean thought, I can do that. If you believed certain guys and some woman, he was very good at that.
“All right, I think, Cas can show you your rooms, while I help Dean set up the table. Dinner almost ready?” he asked over at his brother who nodded, not paying much attention to him, but to the angel in the room.
“No sacrifices,” Dean interrupted him. “We already lost Sky’s mother tonight, we don’t need to lose anybody else.” The girl wrapped up in the hunters jacked seemed to look up at her new nickname, her expression pleased.
"You went into rut?" Dean asked in a low tone and watched the others irritated facial expression shift into a disbelieving one.
“What about Glynn,” Dean asked and Sam shook his head, all of them looking down in a way of paying respect.
Bobby was a grumpy, but very nice elderly man and Dean was once again happy to work with him. If he heard that Dean referred to him as elderly though, he would probably not be that nice anymore and rip his throat out or something like that.
“What the fuck,” the hunter tried to say, while Cas shoved her of them, but he didn’t have any control over his vocal cords.
But this was too good for them. No, Dean though, Cas and especially Sam deserved to have this happy life, if that was what they dreamed of. But all the innocent people he had killed, when he had been evil in any way, all the lives he had destroyed.
"No, can't say it like that," Dean mumbled to himself as he limped up and down his living room in a pacing manner. He had called Cas immediately after the talk with his brother, but the guy was working and wasn't free until late afternoon.
“I don’t care if you are helpful or not. I want you to be here because it’s you. I would want you if you were a useless potato or even a stone. We are family and I love you. Please stay. Please.”
Since then, Dean had been very aware of the touch of hands, the drying blood on his daughters and his angels face and the soaking wet clothes Cas had been wearing for all of their ride. The hunter didn’t know why he didn’t just dry clean them with his grace, but there was probably not much left of it after holding together tons of cement for such a long time.
Dean’s breathing stilled and he reminded himself to hug back discreetly and not to either stand there utterly dumbstruck or squeeze the life out of his angel.
At that the angel lowered his gaze to his lap and Dean wanted to kick his brother for pointing out the shrinking powers of his… friend.
Finally, they reached her flatmate. “Glynn, ah yes, she was here only ten minutes ago. Why, is she in trouble?” a very chirpy girl asked over the phone.
There was something weird happening between the two not-wholly-human beings when Cas started to talk soothingly in Enochian again. It seemed as if the little girl was talking back to the angel through her eyes as she stared at him fascinated.
“No, Sammy I cannot say it like that.” Both of the Winchesters were sitting in Dean’s living room on the floor, each of them having a baby Winchester in front of them playing with their feet.
Dean had been hurt pretty bad before, but there had never been an alpha worrying over him, who was also his true mate and impossible to scare away.
Dean saw the panic rise in Cas eyes the moment his knot started to form, and he tried everything to make him relax between cursing and moaning and panting.
Dean hadn’t even noticed, that he had started to plead in the ear of the woman before him.
“I’m okay, Sammy, don’t worry,” Dean said in an exhausted manner and rubbed his face with his hand. They had arrived at the bunker after a very long drive and he wanted Cas save and comfortable before heading for his bed. Or maybe the shower.
“So, we stayed together. Because of the religiousness of our family, we didn’t… consume our relationship, because we wanted to wait until the wedding, but we were very close.” Sometimes Dean thought, Cas was from another century.
Dean almost grinned for a second at how adorable the other was and how much he didn't fit the (very outdated) cliché of a strong, self-confident alpha. But Dean didn't fit the omega clichés as well, so who cared.
“You need to keep your mind open and not think that he’s some sort of freak,” Gabriel said, still watching Castiel, making sure he didn’t wake up randomly during the middle of the conversation and hear everything they were saying.
(***)
“Wanna go home?” Dean asked.
“I didn’t catch that,” Gabriel said, sitting back further on the bed, sitting his back against the wall.
Castiel nodded and signed,
Nothing happened during math or any of the other classes he attended that day. He was starting to feel a lot calmer. Maybe Lucifer wasn’t here at all, maybe he was just at home all day, waiting for Castiel to return there, which he never would, not until Lucifer was caught. Then he would get all of his things and leave home forever. There was no way in hell he could move back into that house.
“And now you’re sober,” she said, “and you can make up for your failures. Finish the job. If you get caught, at least you’ll go in as someone who completed the job, rather than someone who went in for a weak attempt at one.”
“Castiel,” Michael muttered, “about Lucifer breaking out-.”
Dean tried not to roll his eyes himself “then maybe contact Uncle Bobby?” he looked like it was the most obvious idea in the world, “you know how over-protective he is.”
“Shut up!” Lucifer shouted, “I was drunk you fucking old bat!”
(***)
“Then why ask?” Dean asked, sounding irritated at getting caught.
Castiel frowned, but was it a friendship? Were they dating now?
Gabriel beamed.
Castiel was shocked. He had instantly thought the broken nose had been done by one of his brothers. Not Dean.
“We’re going to be okay.”
Nobody argued.
“Maybe we should do something nice for her tomorrow morning,” Michael said, “before she goes to work again.”
“You okay?”
Chuck got out his phone, “I’ll contact them now,” he said, heading into another room, “what school do you boys go to?”
“Your seat is over there, next to James Matthews and Dean Winchester.”
“Name?” she asked.
Mary just shook her head and thanked them both for whatever they planned on doing and then went to work, saying she should be back by six o’clock and that Chuck might be coming over.
(***)
(***)
Castiel almost felt relief. He felt cooped up here, and tense, waiting for something to happen. But Dean looked uneasy about the whole idea.
(***)
He remembered his brother being found a month later and him being taken to court where his only evidence was the stitches on his neck, which now left horrible, ugly scars.
Everyone congratulated Dean on getting everyone out of the class early, but Dean seemed a little irritable about the detention aspect of it all. Castiel walked beside Dean the whole way to the library, while Dean complained about it all and about how much of a bitch Miss Rice was.
It wasn’t a question, so Dean didn’t feel the need to answer.
His eyes suddenly sprung open at the mentioning of his name. He looked around and his eyes landed on the bed, where Dean was leaning up on his elbow, propping his head on his hand. He gave Castiel a soft smile, knowing that the other boy had seen him.
“You can’t ground people for telling the truth,” Gabriel said, “that’s like locking someone up in jail when they’re innocent!”
NOW WE'RE DONE
(***)
“Woah, easy there tiger,” Dean muttered, grabbing him and pulling him up so he stood up straight. Castiel took a deep breath and turned around to face Dean who was looking at him with obvious concern. It took him a second to notice Gabriel and Michael standing behind Dean, looking guilty and worried as well.
“Hello?”
“Castiel, are you ready for school?” he heard his mother call out from upstairs. Castiel closed his eyes and breathed in before turning around, picking up his bag, and making his way out of his bedroom door and down the stairs.
“So, what’s going on at home that makes you want to leave so desperately?” Dean asked, “This is the second time you’ve been here simply because you can’t stand being home.”
(***)
Castiel nodded and decided to answer Mary’s question
“I tried contacting him,” Mary said, grabbing her car keys off of the bench, “he’s out of town – on business.”
He heard the sounds of water and dishes being stacked stop from the kitchen. He even felt Dean stiffen beside him. The news reader looked grave, and he wondered if he actually cared, but Castiel doubted the man did.
Gabriel smirked, “yeah I know...anyway,” he sighed and shifted in his beanbag, “he wasn’t as sane as we are. He was different, and when Castiel was younger he would always hurt him in some weird and wonderful way – mother didn’t think it was unusual, said it was just child’s play.”
“They’re new,” Dean muttered, “keep them if you’d like.”
Michael nodded, “alright...well...we have this other brother, named Lucifer.”
Sam laughed from the other end of the table, “That was the best joke you’ve told so far.”
His father had run off when Castiel was born.
“We need to talk to Castiel,” Michael said instantly, he turned toward the couch to see Castiel, who had looked amused at Sam and Dean’s petty argument before, but was now looking startled, like a deer caught in headlights. Michael felt a moment of pity for the boy, but knew this was important.
I'm sorry it's taken forever to post a new update, I literally just finished it in my math class. Life has been literal hell for me at the moment and I'm trying my best to hold on. I hope you enjoy this chapter and I'll try and upload the next update as soon as I can. Sorry for any inconvenience.
Dean borrowed them all, the heavy texts being held in his arms, he headed over towards the librarians desk where she continued to give him a look of confusion and mistrust.
When he got there, his mother was standing in the kitchen with her arms crossed in front of her chest, “boyfriend, huh?” she asked, her tone letting on just how much trouble he was in. Her eyebrow was cocked up on her arrogant face. He swallowed harshly before nodding slightly.
A mother was supposed to be like Mary.
Castiel rolled his eyes as he scrolled through the messages on his phone, before getting out of bed, throwing on any ordinary clothing he could find and telling his brothers that he was going over to Dean’s. They tagged along without even being asked.
Castiel made his way slowly into the kitchen, Gabriel and Michael were sitting in the lounge room, eating their pancakes and watching the morning news. Sam was doing his homework at the dining table and attempting to eat his own pancakes at the same time, non-successfully.
Remember to comment and kudos! :D
Castiel bit his lip.
“We’ll be fine Deano,” Gabriel said, shoving a chip into his mouth, “the worst that’s going to happen is that Lucifer pops up right in the middle of math,” he paused, “sorry I meant the best thing.”
He rushed towards the English rooms and hoped that he had the right room, as he knocked on light blue, terribly painted, wooden door. The door was opened and he walked inside the room, his teacher was standing at the front of the classroom, close to where the door was sitting, looking at him suspiciously.
Castiel froze, he hadn’t thought of it like that. He could feel his palms break out into a sweat again and the hairs on the back of his neck standing up. Now that he thought about it, he had been feeling like he was being watched, no matter where he went, for a while now. That didn’t stop the sweat pouring from his palms.
“You would actually have to be educated to know, now, wouldn’t you?” Gabriel asked with a laugh.
(***)
“Castiel was wondering...” Gabriel said slowly, trying to catch every movement of Castiel’s hands, “whether he could go over to a friend’s house and spend the night.”
He hung up, without saying goodbye or I love you, which was quite normal for all of them. He sighed, “sorry lil’ bro,” Gabriel said with a small sigh, “looks like you’re chilling with me and Michael as well tonight.”
“Dean, are you alright?” Sam asked quietly from the passenger seat, “You look a little pale.”
“Hey, Cas?”
Michael made an exclamation of annoyance, telling Gabriel to back off of Castiel and to stop teasing him.
Castiel signed some more but Michael shook his head.
Yeah. It's hard for me.
His old high school had not so much been a high school, but more of a place for mentally disturbed children to go to; the second closest thing to going to a mental institution and possibly seeing his brother again for the first time in five years. But he’d been declared normal, after he’d shown traits of being mentally disturbed by the situation that had occurred many years ago. So now, he had been enrolled in a normal high school.
(***)
If Michael and Gabriel noticed how on edge Castiel was, they didn’t ask. But someone who did notice and ask was Dean.
Okay I'm sorry, leaving.
“Mo-!” Gabriel’s mouth was covered quickly by Michael’s hand. He glared at the older boy and said something muffled, which sounds an awful lot like ‘what the fuck!?’
Now was probably the best time to tell everyone than any. Half of the people who would protect him the most were in this room, hell; he even had a good feeling about Chuck.
Chuck looked at Mary with despair, and she whispered the name of the school before the man left the room and made the call. He could hear Chuck speaking in the kitchen, telling police about the situation.
“We couldn’t get it to shut off!” Gabriel exclaimed.
Castiel copied him and repeated the signing again, this time slower;
“We have all night,” Dean said, “and I’m a good listener.”
Castiel woke up that morning with his lower back aching. But it was a good ache. Well, more like it was an ache that came out of a good thing. A thing that made him feel loved and made him feel special.
“Because, dude, if you need help with assignments-.”
(***)
“Have you got any friends here?” Dean asked, “or are you new to the school as well; I don’t believe I’ve seen you around before.”
And then she pushed. She seemed to put everything he had, every last bit of strength and life force into this one move as he put her chin to her chest and clutched Dean’s hand so hard, it actually hurt a little. No sound came out of her as a wet noise was audible between crashes and cracks of the place they all called home by now.
"I'm Dean, by the way." Assuming that he would never see the man again, he told him his real first name, feeling as if he at least owed that to him.
"You shouldn't want to get to know me, Cas. I'm a criminal." He said the last part as quiet as possible since there could always be somebody listening. "I have threatened you with a gun. And a knife."
“I’m sorry that-“ Cas started but Dean wouldn’t let him.
He shoved the voice aside, that told him, that this couldn’t be enough. That he would want more one day. That one day Jo would come up with some other dude, that she wanted to marry and to live with, what was of course totally understandable. That Jo would leave, like everything in his life had always left, because he had moved away or somebody died.
“I didn’t know that you were that stupid, Dean Winchester. Did you really think, that angels showing themselves to humans wasn’t a trap for the most famous hunters these days?” He let the word “famous” sound as if it was poison and Dean could only roll his eyes.
The arrival of Jody and the girls is celebrated and things don't tend to stay as happy and calm as one wished.
“Dean Winchester?”  Gabriel asked, “or Dean Uinchester?”
“I called Dean,” Mary said, “he and your brothers are on their way.”
Castiel would rather be poor and have a decent mother than be rich and have a mother who used her children as an accessory.
“I think we’d feel more comfortable keeping an eye on Castiel,” Michael said, looking towards Castiel for a reaction. He just shrugged – it was the safest idea after all. If Lucifer somehow found out where he was staying, and figured out which room was Dean’s, at least Michael or Gabriel could get a couple of punches in, in self defence. He would be weak on his own and he didn’t know how strong Dean would be against his older lunatic brother.
He wished someone at his new high school would have a massive freak out about the price of food. Then he wouldn’t have to deal with the crappy sandwiches his mother made.
Copious amounts of coffee were drunk that morning from the cafe that was close to the school building - except for Sam, who Dean had learned not to give coffee to the younger boy because the poor guy would start bouncing off of the walls. Out of all of them, however, Sam seemed the most energized so it wasn’t like he needed it.
Anyway, I hope you enjoy this chapter :)
When Castiel woke up, he could sense people around him before he saw, or even heard them. His vision was blurry and everything around him felt fuzzy. He slowly began to remember everything that had happened. The phone call in the principal’s office, running away from everyone and finding himself at the Winchester house and then fainting at Mary Winchester’s feet and all because of...
He got out of bed, put on some clothing, once again smiling, seeing all of his clothing from the night before strewn across the floor messily, thrown uncaringly in a moment of passion, it made his heart swell. He walked out of the door feeling confident. He felt good. He felt alive.
If Castiel could have spoken he wouldn’t have. He was frozen in his fear.
Castiel doubted his mother would care, but it was good to tell her anyway, otherwise, they would probably get into trouble for not notifying her. This could probably be a great situation for her to get even more publicity.
Mary had called later on that afternoon saying she would be in late because there had been a car accident close to the hospital, which she said was a very lucky irony because it seemed most of the victims would be able to make it – and sure enough later on it was on the news. Dean pointed out that he could see his mom in the background, getting a stretcher and helping place someone on there. Castiel could see the look of pride on his face – he kissed his cheek softly and laid his head on the other boys shoulder.
(***)
“I’ll write a note and forge mom’s signature,” he said, “but you’re going home.”
Castiel tried to ignore all the whisperings and the jokes; that retards must run in the family, but it was hard. Especially whenever he turned a corner, he was still worried that Lucifer would be there, waiting for him, blending in with the crowd of students making their way to class. Lucifer would drag him into a broom closet or a bathroom or abandoned classroom. He would raise a knife, and would finish the job he had started.
“I’ve decided to carry around a piece of spare paper and a pen around at all times,” Dean said, “just in case.”
He slowly got out of the bed, not wanting to leave the warmth of Dean’s arms – but he did it anyway, almost regretting it instantly as he felt his feet touch the soft carpet. He padded his way over to the door and into the hallway.
(***)
During the rest of the car drive, they exchanged stories of moments in the car, pranks they’d done, multiple other things. Michael sat in the back quietly, trying to look stern but laughing anyway and Castiel smiled in the front seat, hoping that one day all of these wonderful things would have something to do with him, that he would eventually have these types of adventures.
“Hello?”
Mary frowned, “that’s ‘
“That’s my boy,” he muttered, almost proudly, “but seriously, why so happy?”
“People don’t do good things to go to Heaven, Mr Winchester,” the teacher said. Castiel felt that if this were a cartoon, steam would be pouring from her ears; her face would be read and puffed out, a human kettle.
He heard a click, and turned his head around the corner to see who had entered the bathroom. His jaw dropped.
The bell rang and Dean got up, looking a little annoyed, the same way he had in the morning a few hours after waking up, after he’d confessed his romantic attraction to Castiel. Like Castiel wasn’t saying the things Dean wanted him to say.
As Castiel’s arms tightened slightly around his neck, Dean’s arms wrapped around Castiel’s waist, pulling him closer. When they pulled away, it was only to catch their breath, and then they were kissing again. Neither of them wanted to stop.
“And if you kill him,” their mother said, “then you get a lot of money, you get to leave the hospital, and my reputation will increase-.”
“I’ll be fine boys,” Mary said, “if you must do something, then do the dishes and maybe dust the bookshelf. But that’s all I want you doing – nothing extravagant. You’re guests.”
“Come here,” he muttered quietly.
“But good things as well,” the teacher said tersely.
“That isn’t going to help you, you know?” Gabriel stated, looking amused, “if anything it’s going to put you even more on edge.”
“So why are you borrowing sign language books?” she asked.
Gabriel grabbed the cartoon of orange juice and took a swig out of it, “exactly why I wanted to stick around!” he exclaimed, chucking the cartoon of orange juice back into the fridge. Michael got it back out, making sure to close it properly while glaring at Gabriel.
Castiel looked half way down the hallway, where the principal was leaning out of his office door, looking irritable.
Castiel nodded, hoping Charlie knew that he didn’t really mind as he went and grabbed his own warm pancake and chuck it on a spare plate. He didn’t know what to put on it. There was jam, syrup, and lemon and sugar?
“Either way,” Dean mumbled, “she’s always tired after work and it worries me,” he said, “she’s working way too hard.”
He heard the door shut quietly. His eyes were still closed, and he could feel a presence beside him, which felt too small to be Dean. He cracked open his eyes and looked beside him, it was Sam, who was watching TV with the sound off while he had a textbook open in front of him. When he noticed Castiel awake, he smiled softly at him and closed the textbook politely.
“There’s really no point in making a plan,” Gabriel said with a small snort, “it’s not like he’s some major assassin.”
(***)
Castiel nodded, relieved for an excuse to not sit with the family for dinner that night. Dinner times had been tense, overly so, and it worried Castiel. He didn’t know whether it was because of what had happened at school, what his mother believed about him not going to school, or because of something else. But he sure wanted to find out. He didn’t really plan on going up to his room and studying; he planned on sitting at the top of the stairs and eavesdropping on the conversation. He needed to know what was going on and he knew that was the only way he was going to find out.
Anyway, here's the next chapter. Enjoy - and love me :'3
Michael walked in, carrying a book and reading from it while putting an empty mug that had held coffee, in the sink, “do you want me to clean that?” he asked, pointing towards the plate with melted cheese on it. Mary just shook her head and began rinsing the mug.
“I thought it would be nice to take you out here,” Dean said slowly, “and tell you that Lucifer was caught and he’s been sentenced to be in prison for a good forty years,” he muttered, “couldn’t get a lifetime sentence because...he didn’t actually kill you. But he’s down for violence against a minor and stuff like that,” Dean shrugged, “I don’t know about the technicalities.”
Two: Dean gets whacked in the face with a chair.
He remembered the police coming into his hospital room and asking him for a re-telling of the situation, but not being able to talk.
(***)
He sat up slowly, hissing slightly at the pain but still feeling giddy nonetheless. It was a pain that was bearable, when he thought about last night. He made a strange little giggly type noise which seemed to get stuck around his vocal chords – remembering that he’d had trouble keeping quiet last night and so had Dean.
He rushed towards the toilet as quickly as he could, which was surprisingly speedy, but it helped that everybody was in class and that there was no one to swerve his body around.
He heard another groan and turned around to see Dean slowly getting out of bed, “I hate school days,” he said, “not just Mondays, just school days in general – especially when you have a psychopath running around the place.”
Castiel slowly shook his head,
“Can we not discuss this now?” his mother’s tone turned cold just as the blood rushing through Castiel’s veins seemed to, “this is not appropriate dinner time conversation.”
“She’s helpful around the house,” Mary said, sitting down at her spot at the dinner table, “I can’t say the same about a certain someone...”
“Is it mental or physical?” Sam asked, eyes sparking with interest.
“I hope you have a good day honey,” she said in a sickly sweet voice, kissing him lightly on the cheek. She was wearing a white business suit, wearing a pearl necklace around her flawless neck and a gold and diamond ring. Her hair was in a professional looking bun and she had her most professional looking stilettos on.
“Nirvana,” Gabriel said, “I don’t have this CD.”
Charlie spoke a lot about comic books and how she wanted to apply for a job at a comic book store nearby. Adam called her a nerd, making Charlie roll her eyes at him, though you could tell it wasn’t said in a mean way; but a friendly teasing way. Sam spoke about some teacher who was a pain in the ass and how he couldn’t wait until he was finished in the fresh hell that school was, Dean laughed at him and remind him he still had a few more years to go.
Normally this would have upset Castiel, but he had a burning question on his mind that had been there for the last few days. He got out his notepad, making Dean look at him expectantly. He began writing the question that had been stuck in his mind- it was all he’d been thinking about lately and he’d been waiting for a time where they were alone together.
“We’ll be fine,” Michael said, “I’m sure he won’t hurt us.”
Castiel waved back.
Gabriel rolled his eyes, “not important, anyway, Lucifer had gone out that night for some party and mother found out, Castiel was supposed to be covering him, saying he was in his room studying or something but when Lucifer found out Castiel had failed, he got a knife from the kitchen when he was drunk stupid and then...” Gabriel mimicked a crude stabbing movement, causing Michael to flinch and glare at his younger brother.
Castiel climbed into bed next to him, instantly wrapping the covers around himself and burying himself close to Dean. It was a cold night, so Dean wrapped an arm around him and tried to get as close to Castiel as was humanly comfortable.
The circle is complete. We meet Sam midway through the spell.
SAM (O.S)
(pause)
Cass’ eyes open properly and he sits up. Dean smiles.
Jerk.
He told me he loved me.
Nick didn’t summon the Empty, he summoned
It can only come if it’s summoned. So
A dribble of black, gooish liquid emerges from the wall. It starts to grow larger and larger.
DEAN (CONT'D)
having. It’s in just being.
The Empty stops on it’s crawl towards Sam. Frozen.
A KNOCK at the door.
Did it work?
EILEEN
Looks up to Sam with a worried look. Sam looks near crying.
You did it!
possess me again, I have to know what
Surgas ex abysso, in lumine existas!
Nothing
if we do this, anyone, demon or angel, could
Dean looks impressed.
Let’s just say I was sort of a … catalyst.
Now don’t go getting any ideas. You’re
Dean! I-
Sam looks at the way Dean and Cass are sat. Raises his eyebrows and opens his mouth.
He lodges the scythe in her abdomen. A GASP. She tumbles back.
He leaps up and launches himself towards Cass. Grabs his arm and pulls as hard as he can.
Let me.
You changed me too, Cass. I’m nothing without you.
That’s not going to do anything.
Dean goes for another slice, but she holds her weapon horizontally and the blade merely bounces off the staff.
“Jogging, I was jogging,” Sam interrupted him quickly. Dean could see his shocked and slightly embarrassed expression, followed by a bitchface through the phone. “Are you alright?”
“I can sense one human and one angel, but as you know my abilities are not that good right now,” Cas denoted with a hint of sadness in his voice. “If we get in from the backdoor and not though the destroyed front door, they should not see us immediately.”
He had done this quite a lot in his past. He went to a bar, ordered a few drinks and ended up in someone else’s bed. His ongoing age didn’t mean he wasn’t attractive anymore, on the contrary; he seemed to become more handsome with every passing year. But something was off today. Something inside of him didn’t want to screw around anymore.
“I think, our life is not made for human children. There is a difference you have to admit.” The angels very straight face didn’t give away any fears or hidden feelings he could have had about going to father a real life being, exactly like a Winchester. And if that didn’t equally make Dean proud and scare him, he wouldn’t be John’s son.
"Oh, I'm sure I have the right payment. Or the most convincing alliances, so to say."
“No, I mean, of course, I think she needs a doctor”, Sam started in his lawyer voice again. “But first and foremost, I think she needs somebody who she had trusted before all of this had happened. I mean right now she kind of sees all the bad in her life in Castiel, so maybe we can ask him if he knows a friend or a family member else than him who she was close to in the past.”
“It’s okay,” Dean said not fully automatic and tried to sit up more to be able to better catch the alpha’s expression. This seemed to pull something located on his back and he clenched his teeth together in pain. Damn, those stupid stitches.
“I… I need your help, Dean,” Cas said with his gravelly voice looking down and then at Mia for reassuring. “Mia had her first bad dream, I think and now she is a little bit cranky. We woke up her mother, so we cannot stay and I thought since you have a couch maybe we could stay here.” Before Dean could even open his mouth, the blue-eyed man in front of him hurried on. “I know, you have your own garrison to keep you awake right now but we promise we try to be silent and don’t disturb you further.”
A solution for the witches spell is found. After a few months a new hunt drives Team Free Will into the same city again and they meet somebody, who tells a story Dean does not want to believe at first.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay,” Dean said after a few moments in silence. “That’s pretty fucked up.”
Cas was at his side again at an instant but kept more distance than before.
In the end, he left his hand where it was, after a while even turned it around to intervene their fingers and looked over to the other with the hint of a smile on his face. Cas looked back with blazing bright blue eyes and Dean lost himself in them until his brother cleared his throat loudly.
“Oh yeah,” she said and crossed her arms over her big belly. “Of course, now you want to deny it, but I have the prove right here.” She made a gesture towards her stomach and Dean’s eyes widened immensely. “I tried to contact you, but, apparently, you do not even exist.”
Then suddenly, with a wave of his hand, every demon in sight started to hurl forwards towards the little family, bared teeth and black eyes.
"Watch how your end is being signed, Crowley," Zachariah exclaimed dramatically as he handed over a pen to Castiel. Dean started to actually, physically sweat now despite the cold air that blew in from a broken garage door at the other end of the warehouse. How did his mate plan to get out of this mess after signing the contract? Even if they could contact Sam, Zack's people were probably , and Dean didn't see any chance on breaking it.
“Why did you two marry then?” Cas interrupted Deans downward spiraling thoughts. At the look on Deans face, he explained further. “I mean, you didn’t have to marry and what if you met somebody, who you wanted to have a romantical relationship with.” Was that hope in Cas eyes? No, no chance.
“The moment I was out of our apartment with all my stuff, I realized that I had been waiting for something. All the time, for the last three years or something, I had been waiting for him to ask me to marry him and to settle down. I always wanted kids, but I thought, he wasn’t ready. He still needs one or two years; he is still young.”
What if he could have this, Dean thought. What if he could leave everything behind, have a wonderful family and be with the person, that made his heart flutter and breathing easier. The smile on his face grew unimaginable wider, making his head feel dizzy and all the bad voices recede to the background.
Dean meets Castiel Novak. At his garbage bin.
Judging by the look on her face, she had never in her life heard of the Kinsey-scala. Of course, she hadn’t, Dean scolded himself, just because you aren’t straight, doesn’t mean everybody has to be interested in the subject.
The omega couldn't think of any other place the mysterious object could hide.
“Hey, nobody comments on your, ya know,” Dean tried for a comeback, but he had never been good at those, “sex life.” As soon as it was out, the omega wanted to watch Cas reaction but didn’t dare to look over to him.
Although he promised. Every time he left, the last thing he said to Dean was that he would do everything to come back to them. Sam knitted his brows together the first time but gave up afterwards.
“Grab your gun again and point it at me,” the guy with the blue eyes said in a slow, low voice and Dean did precisely what he said. The other must notice his irritation, he thought until he remembered that only his eyes were visible through the black mask he was wearing.
"That- that is what you caught from that?" The others scent started to smell more and more like frustration, and everything in Dean screamed at him to do anything to please his alpha. Wait, his alpha? Where had that come from?
"I'll take Dean to the backyard while you shower," she said to Cas wrinkling her nose. "You stink." Dean wanted to tell her she was wrong but stopped himself from doing so. Cas smiled weakly at him and turned around. It seemed as if he was doing so to avoid giving in to his primal urges to get closer to the other and Dean found himself in a similar position.
When Cas didn't make a move to proceed further, Dean took his hand and subtly guided it down, what made the other's eyes go wide. He had found a pillow to stuff under his butt, to make up for the fact that he couldn't lift his legs and spread them wider.
She was stunningly beautiful.
As Sam explained his idea of a pre-baby party further, Dean’s thoughts drifted off again, to a dream he has had for a very long while now. At first, he had been sitting with various women on the porch of his own white picked fenced house, but now he was sitting there with Cas and preferable Sam, who lived next door. They were enjoying the late evening summer sun and Dean was holding a little bundle of life in his arms, rocking slightly back and forth in his rocking chair. Another little creature was running around them, occasionally asking Cas to repair the toy plane he had been dropping to the floor every now and then.
“I definitively would love to raise my kids with somebody else, but I don’t have to love him. It would also be okay if he didn’t want to participate in their lives, but it would be easier the other way.” Easier. If it wasn’t easy, why did Dean make it hard?
“All right, all right,” the older hunter tried to reassure her, but it was a lost cause, what meant they had to be quick. Sam wetted a towel and Dean wrapped the squealing infant in it as if it was his everyday job. Maybe he was slowly getting a hang on anything.
“I am searching for Cas- Castiel. He normally works here, maybe you can tell me when is his next shift?” Wow, that even sounded creepy in Deans ears. “I mean, I’m not a creep or something, just looking for a friend who went missing.” Now her eyebrows were disappearing underneath her fringes. Great.
Benny stopped as requested, and Dean stumbled out of the car, even if it got him weird looks from his teammates.
“What is wrong,” Dean asked with a slight panic in his voice. “There’s no screaming. There should be screaming!”
"Yeah, well, something happened to him." Anna's tone inclined that this should have been obvious to Dean, and he swallowed hard. "Haven't you been present to any of the health classes they are putting you through in high school? As soon as a pair of alpha and omega are mated, and you are practically mated since he knew the exact moment you were hurt, I was there, the feelings to each other multiply, no matter if good or bad. As does the intensity of heats and ruts."
He didn’t mind being around her, after all he could always look at his child growing inside of her, but he was usually reminded that he was the guy who was most probably going to kill her soon. It also didn’t help him, that she usually seemed so care free and happy, because it showed a resemblance with a girl Dean had once known and called the sister he had never wanted.
Something about the way she said that seemed odd and Dean looked over at his favourite angel catching him looking guiltily at the ceiling. They definitely had to talk about this later.
Images of him peeing or masturbating with Cas in his head crossed Dean’s mind and he really wanted to say no and act scandalized about the other even asking, but then again, he would die if he didn’t affirm.
was the one with the experience.
“You smell like pie and home and,” Cas answered not noticing the others distress and getting a distant look in his eyes, “sunshine and the sea.” Dean creased his brow, trying to keep himself from purring, but it was no use. He felt himself slick as Cas looked down at him and growled again.
“Hello, Skylar,” Cas said in his grave voice, seeming less exhausted than just seconds ago.
“Dean,” Cas whispered from the backseat to not wake a very asleep Sam in the front. “I know you hate this, but don’t you think we should talk about this?”
Suddenly Dean felt like a teenager wanting to ask ‘do you really think so?’ but refrained from it. His brother didn’t have a lot of experience, but he was a logical thinking man and wouldn’t raise Deans hopes up if he didn’t have any indications for his theory.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The contractions are about five minutes apart. We don’t have much time.” He didn’t say it but Dean could hear it.
"Imagine what little angel/demon babies they would have," Zachariah continued towards Crowley with the face of someone who just won the lottery, "I could raise them and make them worship me and the family business."
The alpha scent was still there, and it made everything seem as if in a haze and too bright and in focus at the same time.
He also had wanted to say something about how he wanted it anyway, and he did, and how waiting was just gonna hurt them, but he didn't seem to be able to voice another thought at the sight of all the hope in Cas eyes.
"We'd find a way," Cas just whispered back, his expression slowly shifting from sadness to wonder. His eyes roaming over Dean's face as if to search for any possible complaint about his following actions, the alpha slowly leaned in himself.
Sam told her what he remembered of the spell his brother had been cursed with and she wandered of to find an especially huge and old looking book. After murmuring for a while and searching for the right page, she came up right in front of Dean and stared him into the eyes.
It was a girl, most likely, he smelled her perfume before he looked up. When he met her eyes, he noticed a hint of wrinkles and corrected his thoughts to: It was a woman. She was actually very beautiful and seemed to be between thirty and thirty-five, but Dean knew in an instant, that he wasn’t into her.
Cas suddenly looked straight into the older Winchesters eyes, and Dean recognised that he must have smelled him. He swallowed before looking down.
They got Mia and Cas let Dean put her into the car seat. The little girl laughed silently at Deans attempt to keep her entertained during the procedure and clutched a stuffed cat to her chest all the time.
They smiled, waved awkwardly at each other as they said their goodbyes and Dean wandered off to his car. He really needed to talk to somebody now.
Cas whole shirt was soaked wet and his breath was coming in short huffs, as he tried to stay as upright as possible. For some reason, he had a bloody streak on his cheek and as a pipe broke behind him and spilled water all over the area, he didn’t even turn around.
Actually, he wanted the other to touch him very, very badly. That was not good. The omega licked his lips unconsciously and stepped another step back, even if everything inside of him urged him to get closer to his alpha.
Dean almost laughed, but suddenly a voice in his head popped up with: “I believe him.”
“Dean,” Cas whispered the others favorite word out of his mouth.
“I like it when you kiss me”, the angel said absolutely deadpan, and the hunter had to look up at that just to see his friend smirk. His boyfriend? His lover?
Shit, Dean thought as he killed the engine and helped Jo out of the car. Saying that he was afraid of his mother in law was a big understatement; he was utterly terrified of her since he had met her after their wedding. He could understand that she had been pissed that her only daughter had married without her being there, but she also had a big collection of rifles and knives and a stare that could possibly make hot springs freeze.
Dean took her and swung her around. In the last two month, he had grown very fond of the little girl and she had already started to call him “Den”.
"What else does it tell you?" Dean asked breathlessly because he couldn't wrap his head around things. How could he have known that it had been that night? Maybe he had talked to the nurses.
Dean tried really hard to concentrate, but seemed to fail, because he needed a few moments to answer. Mia wiggled in his arms, touched his chin with her tiny hand and Dean tickled her stomach in response. Her shy laughter made Cas turn around again.
There was a little voice in the back of the hunters head telling him that his brother and their daughter were in the other room, but the way Cas grabbed the lapels of his leather jacket and basically crushed their chests together erased that thought fast. How he even could breathe when he felt the other’s soft hair under his hands was beyond him. The angel let out a quiet whimper at that and Dean had to break away.
The very small baby smiled even more and held out her arms for the hunter to grab her. He took her and bounced a little on his feet while she had his head on his shoulder.
"Relax, it isn't as if he hadn't given his phone number to me," Dean slightly mumbled the last part, but of course his brother understood him.
But it was too late for that now, as a message on his phone alerted him of the arrival of Benny in front of his apartment. Well, wasn't it a beautiful day to go down?
At that, Cas turned his surprised face to look right into Dean’s eyes. “Yes,” he said and a warm little smile spread across his face and lit it up from the sadness about his wife. Castiel’s wife, Dean thought. He also registered, that their faces were now only about ten centimeters apart and his breath hitched in his throat despite everything.
Cutting the next corner, they were presented with a situationally and also for Dean generally horrifying sight.
The huntress led the way to a room at the end of a long row of rooms, and Cas and Sam followed them, carrying their bags, some of which were containing weapons.
They walked back to Glynn, who was still standing there, crossed arms and all.
"Leave him out of this," which proved to be quite difficult.
There was a short moment of silence in which the omega didn't know how to respond. He hadn't really thought about anything but making out with the guy and keeping him out of danger. And, well maybe he had had a few sex dreams. But mating? That meant for life.
Dean stopped dead in his tracks and couldn’t close his mouth for a few seconds. The guy was heading towards the house on Deans Right and just the way he walked was something Dean wanted to watch on repeat for the rest of his life.
The alpha opened his mouth to say something when Sam got back to the room with three steaming cups in his hands. Of course, Dean only got herbal tea.
That was not anything near the things Dean had imagined. How could this guy be the reason for the illness of his wife? Did he, like, shoot her or something? But no, this was Cas they were talking about. Sweet, innocent Cas, who loved bees and cheeseburgers.
Taking a deep breath, the omega got ready. He hoped his men would not leave him back when he got injured, and for a second Cas' face appeared in front of his inner eye. Maybe he should have called him earlier.
“Hey, hey,” Sam said, stretching out his arms as if to protect the two from each other. “Dean, calm down. Cas, tell us what you know.”
Crowley, a man, who was a little short to be a typical beta, but coped with it by wearing black suits and being a ruthless son of a bitch, emerged from his conversation with some higher ranked drug dealers. He mimicked for Dean to follow him into his office, which the omega took as a good sign since the King of Hell usually loved to scold people in front of everybody.
She chose this exact moment to let out a high-pitched cry, as if she knew what happened to her mother and that the world around them was crumbling down.
(See the end of the chapter for
The relative small room inhabited fifteen people, who were currently sitting in a chair circle. In the middle of them, there was a collage of what Dean could only just identify as creatures from above. One specific, very bad drawing of a four-winged creature caught the hunters eye immediately. With the strict clothing of a tie and white shirt, it reminded him a little bit of Cas, but it probably resembled also every other angel.
“I don’t know, does Cas recognize him?” Sam uttered, just as the angel came up a little bit delayed with: “Rain of god, one of the watchers, but I don’t understand, what he wants here.”
Out of the window Dean had watched the sunrise for a while until they came across a sign, that said “Sioux city 30 miles”. They needed gas, they needed baby stuff and they needed food. There was no better place to buy stuff anonymously than good ol’ shitty Walmart.
“Well, I think you're mother is a very understanding woman regarding the supernatural, so I think we should tell her the truth about Skylar.” Cas knit his brows together, half confused, half concentrated looking. “About us, I'm not familiar with her maybe outdated opinion on “same-sex” relationships and how much you are willing to risk her approval, but I would like to tell her. She has always been nice to me.” Dean didn't want to think about how he had made the air quotes at “same-sex” and not at “relationship” because he had seriously been expecting a gay panic all day long, but it didn't come.
He did this all with a wide smile on his face, though, and Dean got the impression, that he really enjoyed his job. Especially the work with children seemed to make the dark-haired man happy, and Dean felt a strange warmth spread in his chest at the sight.
