“Yeah?” Dean asks, sitting down at the table across from his brother. “Are you going to share with the class, Samantha?”
At that moment, Naomi approached. The group fell silent as she did so, Castiel taking hold of Dean’s hand.
“I'm sorry I was an idiot.” Dean rubs the tip of nose along Cas’s cheekbone. “I'm sorry I waited this long, that I waited until you were cursed to say anything.”
Cas gives a single grunt in reply, and Dean shakes his head. He leans down and moves the sheet away from Cas’s hips with a finger before he tongues at the hickey on Cas’s sharp hipbone, sucking at it gently.
Castiel nodded, and started on his way again. He made his way out into the palace yard, and headed for one of the service entrances, exiting into the streets of the city. He pulled his hood onto his head as rain began to fall, and meandered his way towards the town square, where several guards had begun to prepare the daises, covering the one where the beheading would take place with sawdust and straw to soak up the blood, and arranged chairs on the other where the royal family was to sit to take witness to the event. As he watched, a large, heavy rectangular slab of stone was carried to the center by three men; a deep half moon shaped groove was carved out on the side facing the square, and thick, strong leather cuffs had been hammered into either side of the stone, the nails soldered to ensure strength.
“Dean, I assure you, I will be fine.” Castiel tries to smile at him. “I have been through much worse than this.”
As tempting as it is to stay here, and doze in the little bubble of warmth and happiness, Dean’s bladder disagrees. As gently as he can, Dean extracts himself from Cas’s arms. The former angel groans in protest, his face contorting in displeasure, and Dean leans over to gently rub his thumb between his eyebrows. The lines there instantly smooth, and Cas’s breath evens out as he slips back into a peaceful sleep.
In the near year he’d known Dean, he’d come to understand him in a way no one here did. Dean was, indeed, a wanted man, a thief who had been stealing from the kingdom’s elite for close to six years, along with his younger brother, Sam. But after having been entrusted with getting to know the brothers and their ragtag team of friends and allies, he’d very quickly seen that their thieving was
“I won’t let that happen.” Cas assured him. “Further, the way Bela treated you was deplorable. I would say you responded much more rationally than others in your position may have. In fact, you acted much more rationally than some of the people I witnessed in New York.”
It did not help that the only person who could possibly make him feel even a modicum of joy, could make him feel at ease, could not, under any circumstances, be there.
Dean’s eyebrows raise and he glances at the ex-angel. “Whoa, that's a bit harsh, don'tcha think? I mean, the flower didn't do nothing; it's not its fault it got cursed.”
crush coming on, driving at him at full speed, like his Baby on an open stretch of road. It was hard not to like the guy; he was sweet, kind of a dork, and he just wanted to be treated like a normal person. He was also gorgeous, that much was impossible to be denied.
“Natalia.” Dean confirms, killing the engine. Cas is already out of the Impala, pulling the iris from the backseat. They both check over their weapons and quietly make their way towards the door. Dean holds a finger to his lips, and makes eye contact with Cas, who nods solemnly. Dean very quietly opens the door, peering inside.
Dean internally rolls his eyes and tells his dick to simmer down; he and Cas need to get a move on this morning up to Hastings so they can ice this fucking curse. And if this Natalia Jennings is a witch, maybe ice her too.
The ride back towards the palace was quiet, with both of them sitting in what was honestly welcomed companionable silence. Castiel kept his hands in his lap, though his fingers itched to reach out and touch Dean’s where they rested on the steering wheel.
“A cappuccino,” Bela said. “Extra frothy, and a small house salad, arugula, not that abomination you call romaine lettuce, balsamic vingarette dressing.”
Dean hums. He gingerly hands the rosebud back to Castiel, who slips it into his pocket; it seems wrong, somehow, to just leave it.
“Your astute observation has done us all a great favor.” Naomi praised and Castiel felt a flare of anger at the way Bela smugly preened under the attention. “You will be rewarded for it.”
He led Dean into his bed chambers, and closed the door behind them, setting the latch to lock it. Dean surveyed the room, nodding approvingly.
Eileen slipped her hand in Sam’s, and pressed close against him, using her free hand to sign what Castiel recognized as “
“Hey, you gave it your best shot.” Dean grinned at him. “It’s not your fault I have impecable observation skills.”
Cas opened the passenger door and slipped inside,and Dean took a deep breath before he followed suit.
Just as he’d predicted, he’d been granted entry into Perdition without any fuss, and he’d sworn the guards that had allowed him in to secrecy with little effort. He walked through the halls of the prison, past row after row of cells, the stench of urine and excrement thick and heavy in the air.
“Wait a second,” Dean says after a few lines. He taps the screen. “It says here she'd been in the contest before, but this was the first year she'd won.”
“Oh, strike a nerve, did I?” Natalia laughs again. “I forgot; he’s been bent over for you Winchesters for years. Oh, well. Guess I’ll just have to kill the bastard myself.” She grips his chin firmer, more blood welling around her talon-like fingernails as her magic squeezes his throat harder. “After I kill you, of course. No hard feelings, Dean.”
Castiel ignored the way the guard’s words caused anger to flare in his gut and immediately returned to Dean’s side, sawing at the leather strips with the serrated edge of the knife until they snapped.
“Glad I could help, then.” Dean tried to grin, but the tang of frothy milk was sour on his tongue as he realized the extent to what had just happened.
This time, he knows exactly what he's said, because time comes to an abrupt standstill. Cas freezes, and raises his head, Dean’s dick jumping in protest as it falls from the ex-angel’s mouth, a long, ropey string of saliva connecting the crown to Cas’s lips. Cas’s blue eyes are the size of dinner plates, wide and unblinking.
“You try wheeling an iris into the men’s room and stand at a urinal with it next to you.” Cas bites. “I just want this curse
A hand presses against the straining zipper of Dean’s jeans. Pleasure erupts behind his eyes, and Dean groans and let's his head thunk against the pillow.
“I am unmarried, and do not have a significant female partner,” Castiel says after a moment, and he hopes the woman did not see the look he gave Dean.
for every goddamn thing, like he's still coming to terms with the fact that he's deserving of basic human decency.
” He turns and presses a kiss to Dean’s palm, a tenderness Dean has never known, and looks Dean directly in the eye. “You are not now, nor will you ever be, anything but everything to me.”
Gabe let go of his shoulder, and shoved his hands in his jacket pocket, whistling a song quietly as he walked away towards his own room in the wing adjacent. Castiel watched as he rounded the corner, and then ducked into his own room, leaning against the closed door and let out a much needed breath.
He couldn’t help but feel connected to Dean, like a moth drawn to flame. He didn’t know how to explain it; something about Dean felt
“I’m serious.” He said. “If you need anything, just let me know. I can get you a stripper up in here in ten minutes flat without Dad
Cas obeys, raising his arms above his head. Dean takes a deep breath and tries not to let his hands shake as he takes hold of the hem of Cas’s Metallica t-shirt and pull it over his head, keeping his touch as clinical as possible. He’s touched Cas plenty of times; it shouldn’t be nearly as hard as it is.
The little tag stuck inside the pot says, “I feel lucky.” The flower is a towering bearded iris, a fuschia purple in color with blue and periwinkle layers. Despite the various other flowers in the greenhouse, it’s still a splash of color against the verdant greens of the ferns and palms surrounding it. It stands a few feet tall – forty seven inches, according to the tag – with its pot sitting atop an upturned one, creating almost a pedestal. Castiel cocks his head as he regards the flower over the rims of the sunglasses he'd found in the glove box of the Impala; something about it seems out of place, but he can’t quite put his finger on what it is without the aid of his angel “mojo.”
We've been this unstoppable unit for so long, and what went down, today, between us? I feel like everything that's happened before has been leading us to this moment.” Dean lets out a deep breath. “So yes, we’re gonna tell Sam. Just maybe we should wait until this flower thing has boiled over, yeah?”
Castiel swallows thickly, his hand tightening on the handle of the cart. Anxiety is clawing its way up his esophagus, threatening to suffocate him as the sinking feeling in his gut tries to pull him under.
“Can’t get rid of me that easy, Sammy,” he joked as he pulled away. Sam sniffed and punched his brother’s arm.
Dead silence fell across the crowd as the guard stepped forward and raised the sword high into the air.
“I should probably go into town for them to pick me up.” Castiel muses. “The last thing we want is for Mother to find out I left or for someone who might be watching the gates for a good juicy story about the prince coming home only to sneak out.”
“Typical.” Gabe said. “Anyway, did you get a good look at the bartender? He’s an easy one on the eyes.”
Castiel followed his brother inside, into the familiar plush surroundings of the palace. They walked straight through the ornately decorated hallways until they reached their father’s study, where the door was slightly ajar. Gabe used to knuckles to knock against the thick mahogany.
Castiel said nothing, just allowed his mother to continue to prattle on, only half hearing her as she talked about all the events she was having Hannah help him manage. He found his mind straying back to the night before, how freeing it had been to be able to escape for a little while. How for just a moment, he could forget who he was and the weight that he was carrying in his shoulders, the stifling way his marriage was already pressing against his throat, even when it was not yet a reality.
“‘67,” Dean corrected. “You know your classics. I like that in a guy.” He winked, hoping he wasn’t coming on too strong.
Natalia howls in rage as the iris falls, its stalk bending at an angle that doesn’t bode well for its survival. Dean feels a flash of triumph flare through his chest.
The cell was dark, lit only by a single torch, and it reeked of mildew and rat feces. Chains and shackles hung from the walls and rafters, rusty and disused. In the corner was a pile of moldy hay, presumably to act as a bedding pallet, and a bucket sat in the corner. At the center of the room, a large steel eyelet was bolted into the sandy floor.
“We should get back to the library, and help Sam try to find a cure.” He says, though he’s loathe to end this moment. “The sooner we do that, the sooner we can get rid of that thing.” He nods to the iris, which has been standing in its little cart like a perv, watching them make out for the last ten minutes.
She comes and stands right in front of Dean, reaching out and grabbing his jaw. Her fingernails bite into his cheek as she squeezes. Her hazel eyes are fierce, blazing with rage.
“I said…” He fights against the urge to swallow the words down, against the rising panic in his chest at the very thought of uttering the words in full consciousness. “C’mon, Cas, you know what I said.”
“I’m doing no such thing.” Naomi said coolly. “If you recall, I’m not forcing anyone on you, Castiel. I’m merely pointing you in the direction of suitors that could benefit everyone in the long run. You are being given the choice. But, if you
Castiel closed his eyes and shuffled closer to his bandit. He fell asleep to the steady feeling of Dean’s breath against his chest, and the beat of Dean’s heart beneath his palm.
He felt a light touch on his arm, and looked up to find Dean holding out the suit jacket he’d removed some time ago, a concerned look on his face.
she was and had always been deeply traditional, and had she found out, she would have done exactly what she’s doing now: pestering the fuck out of him. Castiel had chosen to go to a university in New York City, and it had been his saving grace. Castiel loved his country, of course he did; but his life as a prince of Caelum is sometimes stifling, especially at 18 years old when he’d had the entire world at his feet and couldn’t wait to see it all. Going away for university had been the only way he had seen to get away from it all, to see what life was like somewhere away from his tiny corner of the world, to finally, finally be just another face in the crowd. He’d loved that, the anonymity of it all, of being able to go out with his friends and no one recognized him, no one treated him differently for being the prince. He was just Castiel to them.
“Yeah, exactly.” Gabe sat back against the seat and took the flask back from Castiel. “I dunno what I did to deserve finding Kali when I did, but I’m fucking thankful.”
sounds lovely. I’d be happy to accompany you there.” He said. He gestured back towards the palace. “Main Street isn’t far from here. We can walk.”
“Uhh…” Kevin glanced at Dean, then over at Tessa at the time clock, who was looking at them funny. “Thanks, Your Highness?”
Dean watched as, almost in slow motion, Princess High n’ Mighty gingerly picked up the plate of salad, and pushed it off the table. The plate shattered, and the greens squished beneath her pointed toe heels as she stomped a foot down onto the mess.
“We’re gonna figure this out, Cas.” He says, trying to reassure him as best he can. He knows it falls short, but he’s gotta try.
They're native to the temperate zones of the Northern hemisphere.” Castiel explains. “They're a very common garden flower.”
It's uncoordinated, sloppy, and what Cas lacks in experience he sure as shit makes up for in goddamn
“He was alone, so I singled him out. I knew who he was, and I knew that if I could dance with him,” Dean swallowed visibly, as if around the words. “If I could trick him into dancing with me, I could seduce him.”
Castiel shook his head. He knew arguing with his mother was a fruitless endeavor, and would get him nowhere but even more frustrated than he already was. He looked out the window at the passing land below, at the lush fields and shining, reflective bodies of water. As a child, Castiel had always dreamt of flight; he can still remember being seven years old, and praying to grow wings, so he could fly whenever and wherever he wanted. He hadn’t been old enough to understand that even though the name of their kingdom literally translated to “heaven,” neither he nor anyone else in the kingdom were angels, or anything but human. It had been disappointing, and his father had arranged to have him taken in a small aircraft to cheer him up. It had, if only a little.
“Very much,” Cas admits. His voice is higher than normal, and he's already panting. “Please don't stop.”
“I'll grab them.” Anything to get him out of here before he can't keep his damn hands to himself. He turns on his heel quickly and takes his leave, not bothering to think about how his abrupt leave would appear. Anything is better than staying one more second in front of his half naked best friend, whom he is having fantasies of pressing up against the bathroom wall—
Cas set a mug down in front of Dean before slumping down into the chair beside him. “I hope he and Eileen have fun this week,” he mumbled as he hunched over his coffee.
Cas responds by crashing their lips together, hot and hungry. He kisses Dean like he’s laying a claim to him, always has, and Dean loves letting Cas take as much as he wants, loves letting his angel lose control.
“Hello! Can I help you?” An older woman sat behind a small reception desk, smiling warmly at them in the glow of her ancient computer.
“Uh-huh,” Sam deadpans. He lifts the takeout lid of his salad and starts carefully drizzling the vinaigrette cup over his bed of leafy greens and grilled chicken. “And you’re definitely not going to bully Cas into splitting them with you? You know he doesn’t need to eat.”
Cas offered the receptionist a small, tight smile before turning his studious gaze to the figurines on the wall shelves. The woman furrowed her brow, so Dean charged forward with the conversation before Cas’ awkwardness put her off. If they were going to pry into the case here, they needed her to be friendly with them. “I booked a reservation for this weekend. It--Are you guys still open? It’s kinda quiet in here.” Dean glanced around the empty living space. There weren’t any other cars parked outside either.
Sensing another opportunity to interview Susan, Dean smiled his very best ‘comforting the bereaved’ smile. “We’d like that very much, Susan. Thank you for offering.” Then, carefully timed almost like an afterthought, he added, “Oh, and what’s the wifi password?”
"Exactly!" Dean gestures down at the burger. "I'm a meat man and a pickle guy." Sam looks up toward the sky and then down toward the ground below with a sort of pleading desperation. "This is a great burger for me. And don't even get me started on the
They worked in easy silence until the apples were all peeled and sliced. They bickered again as they made the filling, Cas insisting they follow the recipe to the letter while Dean insisted that no, it needed at least twice as much cinnamon. Dean won that round by playing the birthday card. As he rolled out the pie crust, Cas made a few passive aggressive comments about how following the recipe saved the pastry. And when Dean countered by looking him dead in the eye and adding even more cinnamon to the filling, Cas gifted him with a rare laugh that made Dean’s chest swell with smug pride and golden warmth.
“You’re a real bastard, you know that Cas?” Dean tried to glare, but he had to purse his lips to keep the smile off his face. His eyes crinkled at the corners, betraying his amusement further.
The first time it happens Sam is the only one to hear it. They’re alone in the bunker, surrounded by months and months of tireless research. But finally,
Dean hates himself for it. It’s cowardice is what it is. It’s a lifetime of desperately fighting against the things that make him vulnerable. Against
Cas pulled back enough to look Dean in the eye. His eyes were glassy. Dean’s didn’t exactly feel dry either.
…” He trailed off. Cas’ forehead was furrowed in confusion, but he was at least listening, so Dean swallowed down his discomfort and barreled forward. “I thought angels couldn’t fall in love. Except...then you
screams in Dean’s mind, but he can’t. He can’t. What if he’s wrong? What if Cas doesn’t love him like that? What if Cas doesn’t love him at all anymore? What if Dean screwed it up by staying silent and Cas realized he deserves to be with someone who can provide a simple answer to “I love you?” What if--
Cas is quiet for a moment as he stares at the innocuous-looking gold necklace on the table. His forehead wrinkles as he frowns, his eyes squinting in a way that Dean always finds endearing. Dean comes up behind him and rests his hand on the back of his neck as he leans over Cas’ shoulder. “What’s up? Think we missed something?” Dean asks.
Unperturbed, Cas took a small sip of his hot drink and paused a moment in consideration. “I like it,” he declared. “I think I’ll get it again.”
“Well, Jack decided today was your birthday. So, happy birthday.” Dean shrugged a little in a ‘Kids. What can ya do?’ sort of way.
true. But that’s kinda a weird thing for me to say.” The longer he stares at Cas, the larger the warm bubble of affection in his chest grows. Cas looks so worried about him, which is sweet. Cas always worries about him so much. It’s nice to know someone is looking out for him. Actually… The affection shifts, growing warmer. Hungrier. It’s kind of hot, how protective Cas is.
Cas pursed his lips. “I suppose so,” he said, his voice carefully neutral. He turned away from Dean and started roaming the room, looking over the artwork on the walls and the little beachy decorations on the furniture. He came to a stop.
Cas’ hands slid down Dean’s back until they were resting on his hips. “Actually…” His gaze turned wistfully in the direction of the distant beach. “I had a different idea.”
Cas’ expression is impossibly soft, eyes overflowing with love and devotion. He swallows thickly around a lump in his throat and takes the ring from Dean. He slides it onto his finger and stares at it like it’s his own personal miracle.
“I’d tell you to go screw yourself, but you really saved my ass this afternoon, so I’m gonna let that one slide.”
He really, really needs to tell Sam the truth about him and Cas. Hell, he’s been trying to for months! But every time the perfect opportunity presents itself, he turns into a fuckin’ coward.
Dean’s legs hang bent on either side of Cas’ thick arms. The wall at his back is warm from the strange effect of Cas’ wings, but Cas’ body pressed up against his is even warmer. Dean’s toes curl in anticipation at the feel of Cas’ thick, hot cock pressed against his rim. He sucks in a sharp breath as he’s stretched open, slowly and carefully.
But this wasn’t very much, right? Just a light hand on the back of his neck. This was about as innocent as things got!
Sam’s brow furrows so deeply it’s like it’s mining for coal, his unfocused eyes searching the empty space between them like he’s trying to figure out the deep, dark mystery of bacon.
Dean wants to push through the night and get a portal up and running as soon as possible. Sam insists they both go to bed, pleading with Dean that he won’t be able to concentrate on the spellwork to maintain it without at least a few hours of sleep.
flits through his thoughts. Dean smirks and carefully files that idea away for later use without the amulet’s prodding.
Dean gave as good as he got, letting over a decade of longing finally escape through the hot, greedy press of their lips together, through the long trailing kisses along Cas’ jaw while Cas dragged his hands down Dean’s back and up underneath his shirt.
going to mock him for that for the rest of his life, and honestly, coming out is the much better option.
“It was all more than awesome. Awesome times a hundred.” Dean kisses the top of Cas’ head and threads his fingers through his hair.
They were working a case on a college campus when he spotted it. A folding table under a colorful tailgating tent with half a dozen young people, many with an eclectic style and bright patches and buttons brightening their clothes. It was, he learned right at that moment, some sort of Pride awareness day, different from the month of June, but to be honest he hadn’t kept up with that sort of information since his own college days. But when he saw the shirts they were selling in their fundraiser he grinned from ear to ear. A devious plan began to form.
Cas didn’t wait. He rushed to the front door and threw it open. There, getting out of his giant black car, was Dean. Tall, bow-legged, wearing worn jeans and plaid flannel just like in almost every picture of him on Facebook.
Cas leans forward and rests his hand on Dean’s knee, warm and reassuring.  Dean continues, “At the time I’d thought, ‘I can’t do this. I don’t want to live without him.’ Which was stupid because you were already dead. It didn’t matter what I wanted.”
Dean grins from ear to ear as he relishes Sam’s mortification. “Hey now, I thought you were supportive! What happened to ‘I’m happy for you and your burgers?’”
Then, with a deep, resettling breath, she wiped at her eyes with the edge of her finger and forced a cheerful expression. “But enough of that. You’re my guests. You don’t need to hear all of that! Do you need anything while you get settled in? More towels? Recommendations for restaurants?”
Dean chuckled. “C’mon, Susan. Does this guy look like much of a dancer?” He grinned fondly at Cas as he draped his arm over his shoulders. It was ridiculous how much his stomach fluttered from the small action, but dammit, after all they’d been through to get here, Dean had earned a few butterflies. He squeezed Cas’ shoulder even though Cas didn’t really react. Dean was
Dean’s heart skipped a beat. Cute? He gave Cas a sharp, wide-eyed stare, but his brain hiccuped over something else. “How’d you know my name?” Cas pointed at Dean’s coffee cup. “Dean” scrawled in sharpie faced directly toward Cas. “Oh.” Dean chuckled. That mystery solved, he dove back in. “So ‘cute’ huh?” he prodded with his very best charming smile.
Cas doesn’t look so convinced. “The amulet compels the wearer to carry out the greatest fantasy of the one who gives it to them. That absolutely has the potential to be dangerous.”
The ghost growled at Cas. She raised her arm as if to psychically toss him toward the stairway, but right at that moment, Susan barreled up the stairs, a blue canister of salt in her hand.
. “What the hell were you thinking!” he scolds at the end of a cold, silent drive back to the bunker.
The pie was burnt at the edges, imperfect and too full, with filling bubbling out of the slits and leaving sticky syrup all over the top crust. But Dean grinned at it like it was the most beautiful pie he’d ever seen. “Hey, when’s the next state fair?” he joked as he set it on the metal counter to cool and turned the oven off.
dance behind Dean’s eyes as Cas moans, deep and low in his chest, and Dean feels every vibration. He’s trying
“Keep an eye out for anything suspicious, Cas,” Dean muttered as Susan disappeared down a hallway. “Anything out of place or really old. You know, haunted stuff.” Cas nodded, and Dean covertly pulled his EMF reader out of his jacket pocket and flicked it on. It was silent. They both made a pass of the room, pretending to look around.
Cas is having a blast. Dean is carrying bags and lurking in the shadiest spots he can find away from the summer heat while Cas browses. Cas is having an animated conversation about beekeeping with a honey merchant when Dean ducks into a large tent filled with the kind of flowy, bedazzled, polyester shirts he thinks of as “PTA Chic” because they also happen to have a large fan blowing.
Cas bit his lower lip, afraid that he’d inadvertently told Dean to shut up. He tried to focus on the show so he could chime in with his own commentary and pick back up the conversation, but a new message popped up quickly.
“Worried about me,” Dean continues as he works his way up to nibble at Cas’ earlobe. Cas’ breath hitches, and Dean smirks. “You’re always worried about me. Always trying to keep me safe.”
and you’ve already made t-shirts about it?!” Dean brandished the bottle of mustard he was holding like it was some sort of weapon. “You sonuvabitch, I
Cas grabbed Dean by the waist and hauled him against his chest, one hand on the back of his head and the other on his ass, and kissed him soundly. Dean was dizzy by the time they finally came up for air. “You’re right,” Cas growled against his lips, “I’m wrong. But you’re keeping those damn shorts
Cas must have sensed a shift in his posture, because he glanced over to him. “What?” He tilted his head at Dean. Dean shook his head a little and didn’t answer, only let his smile grow as he turned back to the apples. In the corner of his eye, he could see Cas still staring at him, but Cas didn’t press for more, and after a moment he returned to his peeling. When Dean glanced at him again, he was smiling too.
Dean grins and keeps going. “And you’ve gotta admit, a fried egg is a thing of beauty. Give me a good silky, drippy egg all over my burger and I’m a happy guy.” Sam’s nose scrunches up into abject horror. “You get that gorgeous, soft yolk oozing everywhere...It’s creamy and delicious and
“Charlie,” Cas said, and his heart finally restarted, beating so hard he could barely hear his own voice. He cleared his throat and pulled his hand down. “Charlie, I can’t hear a word Dean is saying.”
“Perfect,” he declared as he tipped up his sunglasses to survey his work. He plopped down on the blanket and shucked off his shirt. A quick glance up let him catch the way Cas’ eyes widened for a fraction of a second before his expression smoothed over. Dean wiggled his eyebrows at Cas, but he didn’t see because he turned around like a friggin’ Victorian lady in order to pull off his own shirt before he sat down in front of Dean, facing the ocean. Dean’s gaze swept down the broad, muscular expanse of Cas’ back, and he could barely contain the heat in his eyes and in his grin.
Cas shook his head. “Please, Dean.” With one last glance filled with that strange, heartache-inducing emotion, Cas turned and started walking down the beach alone.
Cas swallowed thickly. His soulmate had beautiful green eyes that crinkled deeply when he laughed. His soulmate built cars and baked bread and loved classic rock. His soulmate looked so soft and tender when he talked about his family. His soulmate was willing to learn how to sew from scratch to help out a friend.
Cas was staring at him with awe and disbelief and so, so much love. It twisted in Dean’s chest, warm and comforting and terrifying in equal measure, and for once Dean didn’t force himself to push those feelings back down. Cas loved him. Wholly, unconditionally, knowing everything that Dean had done, everything Dean had been through. He loved him through all of that, without any expectations beyond what Dean was capable of giving him.
“You know, if this doesn’t work, you could get stuck there. I might not be able to open a new portal.” Sam looks at the pulsating mass of black that serves as the portal to the Empty. Worry is etched deeply into his forehead. “Do you really want to do this?”
“Cas, Dean, what’s going on?” Her eyes were panicked, taking in the cut on Cas’ temple and the iron poker in Dean’s grip. Mist followed her words out of her mouth.
“I am,” Cas said, and he winked, but it was so overdone that it was comically adorable rather than suave. Dean was utterly smitten by it. “Unless there’s some sort of ‘real man’ code of conduct that requires you to ask me out first.”
But the kitchen light was on, and he could hear someone moving around in there. He frowned. Sam went to bed hours ago. Cas too, since he needed his beauty rest now that he was human. Jack was almost certainly engrossed in his newest Minecraft addiction.
Dean dragged his fingers through Cas’ hair and gently pulled him to stand as well. “So whaddya say? Admit I was right, and you can help me take them off.”
And he did mean sharing a bed. Things were moving so slowly between him and Cas he’d be thrilled just to spoon, nevermind anything else. Dean bit back a sigh as he swept over all of the knick-knacks and decorations, hoping for some sort of clue as to the identity of their ghost. “I’ve gotta say, I love the decor. Is all of this your collection?” Maybe a haunted object? Or a cursed one?
“Nah, she’s not gonna let us grill her about her dead partner like that. We’ll strike up a conversation at dinner. That should give us enough time to figure out what’s keeping Marcy here before she attacks tonight.”
“Hello, Dean. Jack.” Cas drags himself into the kitchen with half-open eyes. His sleep-rough voice is adorable. The wild shock of hair standing up on one side, even moreso.
… His eyes shine with arousal, so bright Dean almost wondered if there was a bit of Grace leaking through,
Dean looked downright offended as Cas sat down with a mossy green drink in a clear plastic cup, complete with whipped cream on top and a thick straw.
He’s packed a lunch, because ostensibly this outing is meant to be a picnic, even though Cas is suspicious on that fact alone. Dean never picnics. It doesn’t really matter though, because Dean is too nervous to even consider eating.
Charlie gasped aloud. “Holy cheeseballs, dude!” she exclaimed, while Dean whipped his head around to stare dumbstruck at his monitor. Charlie punched him on the shoulder and threw her arms around him in a gleeful hug. “That’s your soulmate! Cas is your soulmate!” Dean barely reacted. He couldn’t rip his eyes away from Cas.
“You are infuriating, you know that?” Cas’ bright blue eyes flared with equal parts exasperation and desire, making Dean’s heart race.
His heart was racing, and when Dean’s smiling face popped up on the screen, it skipped a beat so dramatically that Cas felt a physical pang. He rubbed at his chest.
Dean’s excited grin faltered as his brow furrowed. Cas must have gotten the sign wrong. “I’ve forgotten a lot,” Cas typed with a rueful shrug.
, every time he bent over, he was angled so his back was facing Cas, highlighting just how little his shorts were really covering.
it. He wants to see his angel in all his power and glory, as much as Dean’s human eyes can experience. “I’ve always wanted--Fuck, who
“Very good,” Cas said with the patient duty of one who was humoring him. “But it will taste much better when it’s baked.” His hand was still wrapped around Dean’s wrist, but Dean hardly noticed. All he could pay attention to was the soft pink color of Cas’ lips as he smiled gently. The dark circles under his eyes, indicating he should have gone to bed hours ago, but he didn’t. He stayed up half the night to bake Dean a pie. To do something kind. Just for him. No expectation in return, just the desire to give Dean a happy surprise on his birthday.
” he demands. His heart is pounding fast. Bi. Sam knows he’s bi. When did he figure it out?! Why’s he bringing it up now?!
Marcy howled in agony as her body sparked and burned. She raised her head skyward as if to escape from the rising flames, but in a flash of heat and bright orange light, she was gone, and Cas and Dean were left standing alone in the room.
Cas couldn’t hold back his smile even if he wanted to. There were a million things that he wanted to say, and as he looked into Dean’s warm, gorgeous eyes, the first words he spoke to his soulmate were the ones he was thinking the loudest. “You’re beautiful, Dean.”
“Yeah I know. But you know how I drag my ass for important stuff.” That finally elicited a tiny puff of laughter from Cas. Dean smiled. “Come on, man. Cut me some slack. Lemme use this as an excuse to nut up and kiss you.”
The silence surrounding them shifted gradually, moving from awkward to comfortable as they settled into something familiar, working side-by-side, not needing to say a word to fill the quiet between them.
"I...I don't know?" Sam has the same terrified expression as when Dean drags him onto ramshackle roller coasters at crappy county fairs. God, he's such a baby about cholesterol.
Cas’ eyes narrowed, but he rose to Dean’s baiting. He wrapped his long fingers around Dean’s hand and maneuvered the bite of apple into his mouth. Dean’s heart skipped a beat as he watched his lips move, watched his tongue flick out to catch a speck of brown sugar. Dean’s pulse jumped into his throat.
The man nodded. “It’s gross,” he said, and the look that accompanied it was so petulant and offended that Dean couldn’t help laughing.
Cas shakes his head and confirms Dean’s fears. “I wanted to have it ready. In case I needed to leave.”
Dean shrugs off the question as he slides the pickle burger in front of Cas and nudges him with his elbow to try it. “Hell if I know. If you ask me, dude needs to have a burger every once in awhile.”
Besides, Cas didn’t deserve someone broken like Dean. And Dean didn’t deserve someone amazing like Cas.
Dean’s eyes never left Cas’ lips as they delicately closed around the straw of his concerningly green drink again. “Ya know,” he said with a teasing twinkle in his eyes as he took a sip from the rim of his paper cup, “my dad always said real men don’t use straws.”
Cas lets out a needy whine and squeezes his eyes shut. “Yes,” he breathes, and his eyes snap back open so he can look at Dean. His next thrust makes Dean gasp in pleasure as he lights up from the inside.
That night Sam was up for hours, doing some very important online shopping. Because Sam wasn’t an idiot. He’d seen the way Dean’s eyes lingered at ring displays in the windows of jewelry stores. Hell, he’d seen the curiosity in Cas’ eyes as he stared too. The writing was on the wall. Sam laughed to himself as he hit the checkout button.
Dean goes stil while Cas tilts his head at the two of them.. “Who says I’m in love with Cas?” Wait. Is
They fell into a long, comfortable silence, each lingering over their drinks. Not for the first time, Dean felt an anxious pressure to speak up. Ask Cas out. Finally push their morning coffee rituals to the level they were clearly inching toward. But just as Dean steeled his nerve and opened his mouth to break the silence, Cas started talking. “So...I suppose ‘real men’ don’t get asked on dates, either,” he said as he innocently sipped at his latte. Dean did a double-take. “I suppose they only do the pursuing, and would be very embarrassed to have someone else ask them out.”
The bitterness had faded from Cas’ eyes, replaced with something that Dean was loath to acknowledge looked a little bit like pity mixed with profound frustration. “So when I came back, you thought there wasn’t anything left to talk about?”
Dean gets a lecherous look in his eye and leans over Cas’ shoulder. “Depends on who puts it on whom, right?”
” Cas gasps, practically a prayer. His hands are shaking as he fumbles with Dean’s zipper, he’s so aroused, and usually Dean would help him along, but something--the amulet--compels him to stay where he is and let Cas do all the work.
Dean looks at Cas. Even in the dim light of the setting sun, his eyes are impossibly blue. His smile is so warm Dean knows he’ll never feel cold again, so long as he can see it every day. Dean beams back and proclaims loud enough for everyone on the beach to hear, “Oh
Cas’ expression softens into longing. His hand clenches at his side, like he’s fighting the urge to reach out to Dean, but he smiles a soft, incredulous smile. “I can stay? You really mean it?”
“You’re so good,” Dean whispers as he pets him. “So, so good, my Cas.” And fuck he means it. Down to his very soul, he means it. Cas is good. Cas is loyal. Cas loves. Why did it take a cursed amulet for Dean to finally realize how badly Cas needed to be recognized for it all?
Dean is armed to the teeth with every weapon and protection spell they could collect on short notice. His plan for finding Cas and dragging him back home sits clearly at the front of his mind. His heart pounds in his ears, fast but steady and strong.
already have some ideas. And I’ve gotta say, they’re some pretty awesome ideas.” Images flash through his head, alongside an intense desire to make them come true. Not that Dean needs any extra convincing, now that he knows what Cas fantasizes about. “C’mon Cas…” he hums, already pulling off Cas’ belt and tossing it aside. “Fuck me against the wall. I know you want to.” He taps the amulet with a knowing smirk. “You can do it, can’t you? Big strong guy like you? Wouldn’t even break a sweat.”
Charlie cocked her head. “You can’t?” She glanced at Dean, who stared at her with deep confusion. The realization struck them at the same time.
Dean shrugged. His fingers tapped against the tabletop. “It is, but hell, why not? Sam gets the week off with Eileen, why can’t we have a little vacation too?”
Cas’ lips were warm against his own, and Dean gasped softly as his hand wound through Cas’ thick hair to cradle the back of his head. His kiss was eager, if not clumsy, and Dean smiled a little as he let Cas take the lead anyway. When they finally pulled apart, Cas’ normally pale lips were flushed pink, and Dean’s soft smile morphed into a huge, affectionate grin.
Cas twisted around and gave Dean and his closed bottle of sunscreen a baleful look. Dean couldn’t help but laugh. “If I get sunburned, you can get your own room tonight.”
Her eyes trail over to where Dean gestured, and for a split second her brow furrows in confusion before she laughs just a little, more incredulous than cruel. “You really want someone like
Their gazes met, and it was like lightning flashed all the way to Dean’s toes. He sucked in a sharp breath.
The silence in the kitchen was heavy. Memories of Cas’ confession weighed down the air, pressing against Dean and keeping him from saying anything more. His own fears choked him. Fears that Cas didn’t mean what he’d said, not in the way Dean wanted him to. And
On a high shelf was a large urn next to an oil painting of a young woman that immediately pinged Dean’s hunter’s instincts. “That’s a lovely painting over there,” he said, catching Cas’ eye meaningfully. Cas turned around to look too.
“That is the most asinine thing I’ve ever heard.” Cas chuckled a few more times before taking a long sip of his straw.
Dean thinks, and without the amulet it’s harder to shake off his insecurities that he doesn’t deserve
Susan’s face melted into a quiet, sad smile. “Yes, that’s my Marcy right there. A self-portrait. She was such a talented artist.”
Dean’s grin only widened. Cas was completely taken by the deep crinkles at the corners of his eyes. Soulmate. This was his
A tingle courses through Dean’s limbs in the telltale sensation of magic taking hold of him. But his mind feels unexpectedly clear. He tilts his head from side to side, testing out how he feels. “I think I’m still me,” he says with a puzzled frown before he breaks into a wide, smug grin. “Cas buddy, if your greatest fantasy is just
Dean’s blush deepened. He cleared his throat and ducked his head. Cas smiled, not even trying to hide how endearing he found everything Dean did was.
“Cas, this is your home, same as me and Sam.” Cas doesn’t look so convinced. “C’mon man, you really think we don’t want you around?” Dean leans against the side of Cas’ truck to ground himself. “Cas, I want you here.”
Yet here he was, baking Dean a pie in the middle of the freaking night. Using his own two hands to make a nice surprise for his birthday. Dean couldn’t remember the last time anyone had done something like this for him. Maybe never. Even Mary’s pies were store bought.
If Cas was ignorant of Jack’s birthday plans before, he wasn’t for long. Neither Dean nor Jack thought to do much to conceal the contents of their shopping bags when they returned home. Or figure out a way to keep Cas from wandering the bunker. So when he stumbled upon the two of them hauling bags toward the kitchen, both Dean and Jack traded suspicious glances.
Cas clicked through a few more photos. Dean, his eyes bright with unshed tears and his smile full of pride, hugging a giant of a man tagged as Sam Winchester at what was obviously a wedding. Dean in a flour-coated apron, holding a sheet pan with a massive loaf of crusty bread on it, looking embarrassed and caught in the middle of rolling his eyes. Dean standing behind a pool table, surrounded by friends all raising their beer bottles in a toast. Dean sitting in the driver’s seat of that same big black car from his header. Dean very obviously dressed up in a LARPing costume, brandishing a foam sword and shield with his face painted like the lead in Braveheart. Cas paused on that last picture. There was something incredibly endearing about this man, traditionally masculine and clearly well-loved, throwing himself wholeheartedly into a game a lot of people turned their noses up at.
“I do,” Cas sighed in weary defeat, pulling another laugh from Dean as he slid off Cas’ lap and stood up.
The moment had never been right. There were always people around. Jack. Sam. So many of their friends, eager to see them and celebrate their victory over Chuck and their newfound freedom. Things were only now starting to quiet down, and still Dean hadn’t worked up the courage to tell him.
, Dean!” Cas yanked the painting off the wall and threw it on the ground, shattering its glass and exposing the paper.
Dean shrugged ruefully for a brief moment before his eyebrows rose with an optimistic glint in his eye. “You wouldn’t happen to know any ASL would you? It’d be a perfect chance for me to practice.”
Dean bit back a groan as he followed behind him with their beach bag. What was he doing wrong? He was trying to be gentle, to give Cas enough space to adjust to the idea that they were
cause problems. He grabbed Cas’ arm and tugged him toward an unoccupied part of the sand. The weather was a little too temperamental this time of year to attract huge crowds, but there were still plenty of people out enjoying the sunshine.
now on his own. After all of the crap they’d been through together, after so many things keeping them apart, he understood why Cas was struggling. Hell, he’d been squashing down his feelings for so long, Cas probably didn’t know how to let himself have this happiness.
“Well we all know Chuck sucked at teaching anything.” Cas rolled his eyes, but Dean caught the tiny smile on his lips at Dean’s antics. Dean grinned as he held the apple and knife in front of him with a flourish. “Like this, man. Don’t slice off half the apple with the peel.” Dean demonstrated while Cas leaned in close to observe him. Dean could feel the warmth of his body practically touching him, distractingly close and smelling like his soap and the cinnamon all over his apron. Dean almost nicked himself. He cleared his throat and hastily shoved his supplies back into Cas’ hands. “You try.”
“Got it. Marcy Daniels. Died forty-three years ago tonight.” Dean flipped his laptop around so Cas could read the news article. “Hit by a car. Right outside this house. Died before she even got to the hospital.”
“Sir? Your name?” The cashier leaned forward, trying to catch Dean’s attention, and time started moving again.
be), Dean spotted a head of wild dark hair at a small table near the window. The man in question was idly scrolling his phone. He took a small sip from his paper cup, made a face, and set it back on the table without looking up. Dean grinned a little. Served him right for corrupting coffee with terrible hipster concoctions. As Dean approached the table, he watched the man take another sip of his cup and grimace again.
“Mornin’ Sunshine,” Dean crooned cheerfully. Cas’ hair was in wild disarray, and between that and his worn, brown sweatshirt and loose pajama bottoms, he looked more like a bear stumbling out of hibernation than a guy just waking up. “Sam already left.”
“Hmm?” Dean took his sweet time straightening up and turning around, a triumphant grin stretched ear to ear. “Thought you weren’t speaking to me, Sunshine.”
The fourth time it happens, Cas doesn’t even hear it. Cas found out about a nearby crafts fair, and all it took was one particularly soulful look from those big blue eyes of his, and Dean was driving them a full hour and a half away to look at homemade pottery and local honey and overpriced tacky mesh wreaths and pretending that the entire atmosphere of the place wasn’t giving him hives.
He looked shattered. His face was crumpled with pain, his eyes dull, deep furrows in his brow. It brought Dean up short. Guilt welled up so intense that Dean almost couldn’t say anything at all. Except, well, that had gotten him into this situation in the first place.
“I suppose that means my fears that you wouldn’t like what it made you do were unfounded.” The shadows behind Cas flare a second before he disappears. When he returns a moment later carrying a large metal bowl filled with birchwood and tinder, his wings are gone. Cas sets the bowl on their dresser and drops the amulet inside. He touches the side of the bowl and its contents light on fire.
“Dean and I will be in the kitchen for awhile,” Jack said seriously, cutting straight to the chase. “Do
Cas twisted around, his face pulled into a scowl. His cheeks were flushed. “Dean! I’m an angel! I don’t need this!”
Cas had to admit he was really excited to talk with Dean, really talk with him. No delays between messages, no worrying about tone. And seeing his face? Cas didn’t think too long on that, because it made butterflies flutter in his stomach, and he didn’t want to start their call looking flustered.
Cas nods. “This is where I returned when Jack resurrected me.” He looks around, smiling down at the flowers surrounding the two of them. The windmill behind him creaks softly in the wind.
Dean set to work rubbing the cream into Cas’ warm skin. “See? This is nice. It’s like a mini-massage.” He made sure to move slowly, almost caressing him. His stomach fluttered with the faintest whisper of excitement. This was the closest thing he’d gotten to action in months, after all. And Cas’ back was nice. Broad and firm and far more muscular than Dean would have guessed. His heart did a little tapdance at knowing that he was allowed to freely ogle now.
Sam knew the time was close. The writing was on the wall. Well, to be honest, the writing had been there for a
“I’ll sleep just to spite you.” Cas scowled, but Dean could see the corners of his lips twitching playfully. With a rush of affection, Dean shifted so that Cas’ bare back was pressed against his chest and Dean could rest his chin on Cas’ shoulder. Cas went stiff against his body, but it only lasted a second before he practically melted into Dean’s hold. Dean wrapped his arms around him as he watched the waves.
“Nonsense!” Dean was already squirting a healthy dollop of sunscreen in his palm. “You can get sunburned, same as the rest of us.”
telling me you did. Telling me that the reason you couldn’t even tell me how you felt was because being happy would trigger your deal and…” He shrugged.
Upstairs their room was somewhat small but airy. The walls were a crisp, breezy blue, the linens bright white. There was even a gauzy white canopy draped around the four-poster bed. Dean grinned. One bed. Surely that was cause for some optimism about tonight.
“You won’t.” Dean smirks as the amulet compels him to add, “I trust you. You’re always so good to me.” Cas dick jumps against his palm. “My angel. My Cas.” Cas makes a strange noise that sounds like he’s choking down a moan and starts kissing at Dean’s neck.
“Cas!” he called out, but he didn’t see him. Dean started walking faster. He scanned the beach for a familiar dark head of hair and the bright orange swim trunks Dean had picked out for him. “CAS!” He was beginning to fear the worst.
And while he waited, he planned all of the ways he would shamelessly rip on Dean once Dean finally owned up to his feelings for Cas. After a decade of being the third wheel between his emotionally constipated brother and the angel he was crazy for, Sam had earned that right. It was what all good brothers were supposed to do!
“Yeah. C’mon, you know they’re great!” Dean says cavalierly, because he’s not going to miss a chance to gloat about the awesome food Sam misses out on with all his salads. “Bacon is, you know,
Dean shook himself out of his stupor as the man politely took his coffee. “Oh. Um. Dean... The name’s Dean.” He twisted his head around to watch the man walk out of the shop.
Dean, however, is doing something even more horrifying. He fills the coffee maker with pumpkin spice flavored coffee and grimaces. But God help him, Cas loves the stuff. And Dean loves Cas, so he'll make him some freakin' pumpkin spice coffee. Though this
“Say it,” Cas said softly. His words were a command, but when Dean looked up in surprise, his eyes were pleading. “Please,” he breathed, almost like he didn’t deserve to even ask, and something inside Dean cracked.
is giving me ideas,” Dean counters with a laugh. He runs his hand against the wall. It feels no different, except for the warmth, but Cas’ breath hitches a little. “So really,
amount of LARP drama. And trust me, that’s the worst kind of drama.” She rolled her eyes. “I’ll talk to you later. Probably before this guy.” She jerked a thumb at Dean before waving in farewell as she backed out of the room and shut the door behind her.
Dean waited while the man ordered a new drink. He tried to check him out, but it was impossible with his oversized trenchcoat swishing around his legs. Well, at least his face was hot. When the barista called out the man’s strange name again, Dean made sure to write it to memory.
Cas’ eyes were full of love as he carded his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I know I don’t have any others to compare this against, but today was a very good birthday.”
Nope, he was headed for the kitchen, where Cas was almost certainly still hiding after stomping off from their argument, sulking over his own book of lore and probably a third cup of coffee.
He leaned in close so he could almost whisper, “Wish I could see it somewhere other than the beach.”
“Uh...yeah.” With forced casualness, Dean turned the laptop so Cas could read a headline from last year:
. Before Dean rescued him from The Empty. Before they wound up in this awkward, stilted Angel’s-First-Romance training wheels relationship Dean found them in.
through.” He watched the way the warm lamplight reflected off his drink. “I...I’m glad I had a best friend through it all. You know?”
Dean gaped at him for a long moment. “You’re fascinating. Horrifying. But fascinating. I’d like to study you.” As Dean said that, Cas nearly knocked over his cup. He hastily steadied it, looking up at Dean and then back down at the table with uncharacteristic shyness. Dean’s stomach did a flip, and he hoped he wasn’t reading too much into things.
things. Against believing anyone could love him. Even with Cas’ confession still crystal clear in his memories, Dean doubts.
But Cas had smiled almost non-stop the entire day, probably more than Dean had seen the entire thirteen years since he’d met him. And yeah, Dean knew why. What was better to do on his birthday than spend time with his kid?
“Dean, please convince me that I have to get on my bus and go into work today. I have a meeting with the biggest jackass in management and I’m very, very tempted to run away instead,” Cas said, exhausted already, as he slumped into what had quickly become “his” chair at “their” table over the past few weeks.
Eileen isn’t far behind Jack, but she takes one look at Dean with his spatula and Jack at the cutting board and immediately backs out of the kitchen. “Sorry! Dunno what you’re saying!” she shouts as she retreats, as if she expected Dean to try calling out orders after her. “I’m gonna shower!” Dean sighs and shakes his head. Probably for the best. She handles produce and a chef's knife the same way she does with vampires and a machete.
Cas and Dean traded knowing looks. Dean shrugged a little. “I wouldn’t dream of it,” Cas assured Jack.
They didn’t even bother trying to put out chairs for the ceremony, not knowing how many of their friends and family would be able to make the long drive to see Dean get hitched to his angel, but in the end it’s a good thing, because damn near everyone came, and they need to crowd in close to hear them over the wind.
Dean swallows down a multitude of answers. He likes sharing the experience with Cas anyway. He thinks the way his face scrunches up at the molecules is cute. It makes him feel all warm and fuzzy inside that an angel --
He is deep into those self-deprecating thoughts when he finds Cas in the garage, struggling to figure out how to change a flat tire on his truck from a Youtube video.
Dean looked around at the decoration-less kitchen, the party hats and the balloons still in their packaging. “Wait, hold on--” he began, but it was too late.
Dean’s profile was pretty locked down, but his header was dominated by a massive black classic car. Cas chuckled at that too. Yes, dreadfully stereotypical.
Sam drops his face into his hands again. “This is the worst day of my life,” he groans as he massages his temples with his fingers.
“It’s for a surprise,” Jack continued, pulling Dean from his thoughts. “Er, not a surprise! We’re not planning any surprises!” Dean barely controlled his eyeroll. The kid really needed to work on his lying. “It’s something you can’t know about until later. So don’t even think about peeking!”
“You need to go somewhere? Cuz I can just drive you.” Dean’s heart pounds, his mouth going dry. Cas wouldn’t need to sneak around for a little errand.
His eyes trailed back to his laptop. Hopefully this getaway would change things, help Cas loosen up and finally see that they could act even a
Cas smiles a little. “You give me a lot to worry about.” He finally settles his hands on Dean’s hips. “So you can tell that the amulet is compelling you to do things?”
“No, too early to eat,” Cas grunts by his ear. “Coffee is enough. It smells delicious though.” He tilts his head down to press a gentle kiss to Dean’s shoulder before he pulls away to slouch down in a chair and finish waking up.
“No,” Cas said simply. Honestly. His bright blue eyes were so close now, but the heartache in them was almost painful to look at.
will somehow curse it and stop it from ever coming true. After all, the thing he wanted most before this was for Cas to love him back, and that didn’t exactly end rosy.
Cas’ cool expression brightened into amusement. “Oh many, many stupid things,” he said with a laugh. “In fact, he’s written an entire book series about the kinds of stupidity men get into while clinging to outdated ideals of masculinity.”
Dean steels his nerve and takes a deep breath. “Do you know where this is?” he asks, fighting the jittery bouncing of his heartbeat to keep his voice steady.
Dean read the line and said something aloud as he dropped his head. His shoulders shook with laughter. “You’re such a dork.”
“I mean, if I put it on you I definitely know what’ll happen.” Dean wiggles his eyebrows suggestively, then winks. “The only thing dangerous would be the spurs on your cowboy boots. Or…” Dean’s eyes brighten. “You put it on me! Oh hell yeah, it’ll be great! I know you have some kinky thoughts going on in that angel brain of yours.” He snatches the necklace off the table and dangles it in front of Cas. “You know you wanna…” he hums.
Dean’s ears burned hot and he dropped his gaze to the table. “‘S just something he said,” he muttered with a scowl.
! Wrapped around him, cradling him. “Fuck, Cas!” Dean whines. He clenches around Cas’ fingers and digs his fingers into Cas’ naked hips. “I’m ready. I need you. Fuck, Cas, I need you so bad.”
“Coward,” the ghost menaced as she took another step closer. Dean carefully backed up. “Can’t even say it. Even when you’re hurting him. Coward!”
And right when he is standing on the cliff, ready to dive into bliss, Cas shouts his name against his shoulder and comes hot and hard inside him. The air around them becomes cold again, and Dean pries his eyes open to see the pitch-black shadow of Cas’ wings arched out on the floor behind him and curving up along the walls, stiff and trembling as Cas pumps into him, filling him with his release.
So Dean didn’t think. He didn’t let his doubts take hold. He didn’t allow his own self-destructive fears stop him. He just acted.
He wasn’t expecting a reply any time soon, so he was surprised to get an answer from Dean just a few minutes later.
“Cas,” Dean sighs as Cas bottoms out inside him. He nuzzles his way to Cas’ jaw and sucks a greedy mark there. “You feel so good, sweetheart. So good. I can’t believe we’re doing this.” Cas begins to thrust inside him, deliciously hot and slick and full. The shadows around him shift and waver in a way that makes Dean wonder if Cas’ wings are trembling with arousal. Dean grins against Cas’ neck. “Does it feel good wrapping your wings around me while you fuck me?”
“If it involves you and me and no clothes, trust me. I’m gonna like it.” Dean settles his hands on Cas’ hips and sways with him gently until he feels the tension ease out of Cas’ spine. He places a kiss on Cas' cheek. “And you know me, Cas! If you think I’m about to do something I hate, just rip the necklace off. I trust you.” Those simple words have their intended effect, and the anxiety in Cas’ expression melts away into gratitude and fondness.
yeah! Let’s do this!” he exclaims as he practically skips toward their bedroom and shuts them inside.
“A surprise for me?” Cas didn’t even seem to notice that the only things in the kitchen were a weird brown blob of cake and a massive mess. He was smiling from ear to ear at Jack with that special, endeared smile parents reserved just for their children. “But I told you I didn’t have a birthday,” Cas said. Which he and Jack had talked about literally hours ago. Before Jack raced off to talk with Dean and plan an impromptu trip to the store before baking all morning.
“If you’re sure,” Cas says softly. He holds up the necklace with both hands and slowly lowers it around Dean’s neck.
Cas tilted his head as he considered his drink. “It does taste a little grassy.” Dean pretended to gag, and Cas rolled his eyes. “Don’t you get tired of having the same thing every time?”
“Yes. It...feels a little like vibrations.” Cas tilts his head at the way Dean’s eyebrows bounce up and down. “You’re getting ideas, aren’t you?” His arms loosely drape around Dean’s waist.
“Alright, I’ve tried everything,” Dean declares as he tosses a small gold amulet and a welding helmet onto the library table, sending a stack of books toppling over. “So far that’s a no-go on angel mojo, magic, and five thousand-whatever degree fire.
“Yes. Thank you. I was able to deduce that myself.” Cas turned back to his disaster. “I was trying to find a video to help fix it.”
Dean shrugs a little as he hangs up Cas’ outer layers. “Who cares! It’s sex! It’ll be fun.” He’s trying very hard to control his own excitement, because Cas has his ‘
obvious too? Shit, well, looks like he gets to rip two bandaids off today. Thank God for the hilarious panic on Sam's face, because otherwise Dean would be the one freaking out here.
he gasped between fits. His hand curled across his mouth as if to stop his laughter from bubbling forth.
As Dean read the message his shoulders shook with silent laughter. He grinned again, and Cas couldn’t help but match his expression. Even through the small screen, Dean radiated so much warmth and light when he smiled. Cas’ stomach flipped when he realized he and Dean were just staring at each other.
He made his way out into the hallway and down the stairs. As he did, he ran into Hannah, Gabriel’s chief lieutenant and one of Castiel’s friends since childhood. Hannah was one of the only people who knew of his feelings for Dean, having caught Castiel sneaking back into the palace late one evening while she’d been on patrol.
A petite, curvy, dark haired woman in a cream colored sweater climbs out of the driver’s seat of the cab. She glances around before she slams the door and strides into the greenhouse.
“If his highness wants me to accept his apology,” Dean said, teasingly, but Castiel saw the way his eyes flickered to his lips, as they were wont to do, “I will accept it on one condition.”
, Castiel. They exist for a reason. Without our traditions, the very foundations of our culture would crumble. It is our job as the leaders of our kingdom to uphold those traditions, to keep the cornerstones of our cultural pride strong. It is a burden all royals must bear, love.” She smoothed his hair one more time and smiled. “Everything will be alright, Castiel. Get some sleep. You have a busy day tomorrow.”
Naomi humphed. “You don’t seem to understand the importance of this issue. Castiel must find a suitable match within six months. I would have begun preparations for suitors to call before, but he was still finishing his Masters in New York, and it wouldn’t do to find suitors for an absent prince.”
Dean was unmistakable, even behind the facade of a mask. He wore a simple but flattering green doublet with matted brass buckles over brown breeches tucked into soft leather boots, though these were in a considerably better state of repair than the ones he usually wore. His mask was stunning: iridescent teal and green feathers splayed out on both sides, large enough to cover the entire sides of his face, with a large fan of vibrant peacock feathers on the crown of his forehead, a glass gem at the center. Castiel’s first thought was that Dean had chosen well; green matched his eyes, and he could not imagine any other bird in all the world that could best for Dean’s personality than a peacock, with it’s vivid feathers very much like the soul of the man Castiel had come to know and adore over the lasts twelve months and cocky attitude. He grinned at Castiel, and if it were any other time but the present, Castiel would find himself melting into it, as he had so many times.
BALTHAZAR: Are you even still alive? Did you gorge yourself on too many first class plane peanuts and falk into a coma? Have you already forgotten all about me?
The entire ride, Bela hardly looked up from where she was typing away at her phone, even when Castiel attempted to clear his throat to gather her attention. Castiel sighed; this day could not get over with soon enough.
“So...let me get this straight...you’re kinda like supernatural bounty hunters?” Brandie winces as the gash over her eye pulls as her eyebrows knit together.
“This is not the facial expression I wore when I smote monsters, Dean,” Castiel rebukes. “And it didn't do anything to me. There is just something about it that confounds me, and I don't know what it is.”
What was worse, Kali’s death had been a complete and utter accident. She had simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time when a toddler, chasing the family cat onto the sixth storey balcony of an apartment building, had knocked over a table, and a heavy, cast iron bird statuette had plummeted over the railing, and had hit the passing princess below in the head.
“So I have a working theory, but we’re gonna have to test it out.” He proclaims. “Dean, find me something we can throw, like a tennis ball.”
He watched the flames devour the colorful feathers, blackening and curling as they shriveled up into wisps of nothing. Just as Dean would; after he was beheaded on the block tomorrow, they would mount his bloody head on a pike to be displayed at the town square, to be pecked at and eaten by birds and insects, the rest of his body burned until there was nothing left. A warning for all those who dared break the laws of Heaven.
“I’m sorry, Sam.” Castiel said. “There was nothing I could do. Dean told them he had snuck in to seduce me. He told them we didn’t know each other.” Castiel sighed. “He was giving me an out, so I wouldn’t have to go down with him.”
“You've been hexed. It all makes sense.” Dean presses on. He looks at Sam. “Remember the rabbit’s foot?”
Yes, the kingdom is named Caelum because it's the Latin word for "heaven." Sue me, I'm not THAT creative. Either way, it is pronouned "kay-lum" and Caelumean is pronouned "kay-lim-e-en," which pertains to anything on a governmental or national level. However the citizens of Caelum are Caelites. So, in case you're confused: when something is Caelumean, it is pertaining to belonging to Caelum's government or traditions, but Caelites are citizens. Cool? Cool.
He turned his eyes away from Dean back towards the others, and he saw Charlie take a step towards Dean after he’d been passed by them, as if to follow. Sam reached out and grabbed her, yanking her back; he pulled her to him and held her against him as she buried her face in his chest and wept, his mouth against her hair as he kept his eyes trained on their brother’s back as he ascended the steps of the dais.
to be flower beds have been reduced to piles of dirt, with broken twigs and leaves strewn across the soil and grass. Castiel crouches down next to one of the flowerbeds and picks up a rosebud, still tight and unopened, from the ground. It would have been gorgeous when it was in bloom, a lovely shade of peach, about the size of his palm, had it not been beheaded from its host.
The song was winding down now, and Castiel felt Dean’s fingers thread into his where their palms pressed together once more.
“If...if you can,” Sam said. “I dunno what you can do, but if you see Dean, tell him I love him, and I’ll be there tomorrow. That I’ll...I’ll see him through this.”
Dean chokes and struggles for air, hands clawing at nothing, fight or flight roaring in the pounding of blood in his ears.
Castiel did not know how long he sat there, crying freely into the cool late summer night air. It couldn’t have been very long; the full moon had not moved from its resolute vigil above him in the sky, illuminating the entire garden in soft light, the white marble of the paths and statues and fountains gleaming like pearls.
“Always.” Cas says, and looks around him, surveying the backyard. It's smaller than the front yard, but Castiel can see that it was immaculately cared for, with close cropped grass and neat rows of flower beds.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t.” Dean shook his head, his voice still pleasant and calm, despite the way Bela was treating him; Castiel supposed working as a bartender had given him years of practice. “But if you’re here with Cas, I’d say you’re probably pretty important.”
He sat the cup down on the table and popped the cap of the pellegrino, making sure to pour it so the bubbles didn’t fizz over; years of bartending had served him well. He moved it towards her.
I toiled and pricked my fingers to the bone pruning and plucking at my rose bushes, making sure they were watered and fertilized, and for what?! For some old hag to just swoop in with a fucking backyard
“I'm scared shitless, man.” Dean admits, dropping his head against the juncture of Cas’s neck and shoulder. “I don't wanna fuck this up.”
“Cas, man, I can't understand you.” Dean says, still rubbing small circles into the warm, flushed skin of his back.
“I love irises!” She says cheerfully as she seats them. “My mother used to grow them in her garden. But, if you don't mind me asking, why are you bringing it in here?”
) when Castiel had still been an angel, since he'd become human - and thus unable to sense his longing - Dean has made no indication of interest in Castiel; at least, no more than usual, and definitely nothing that seems as though it’s going anywhere. He'd welcomed Castiel into the bunker and on hunts with open arms and all the PB&J Castiel could eat; had taught him how to shave with a straight razor (with the grain so as to avoid ingrown hairs); and strip, clean, load, and fire a gun, but he'd never given any indication that he thought of Castiel as anything other than his best friend, his brother in arms.
“I know it’s stupid to say it now, but I don’t...I don’t wanna die. Fuck, Cas, I’m...I’m scared, man.” Dean crumpled against Cas’s chest, gripping the fabric of his waistcoat tightly. “And I know that makes me weak, but I don’t care.”
Castiel knew they’d be keeping Dean in a cell without bars; they’d be keeping him in the lower cells of the dungeon, rather than the prison proper. Castiel found the nearest staircase, and headed down. The stairs were slippery from a thin layer of algae growing on the perpetually wet stones from water that trickled down the mossy walls, the smell of damp earth and stagnant air growing stronger the farther he descended.
“Alright,” Dean says, turning to Cas. “You sure you’re good to drive Baby home? She got you pretty good back there.”
“The thief Dean Winchester will die at noon tomorrow. It is customary that thieves be hung by the neck until dead, but due to the nature of the crimes he has committed over the span of six years, and for trying to seduce a prince of Heaven, he will be put to death on the block.” She looked at Dean. “May G-d show you more mercy than I.”
“Anytime.” Dean smiles back. “It might take a couple days for that wrist to start to feel better. Seriously, if you need help with anything, anything at all - washing your hair, shaving—"
“I came with Dean, to make sure he’s alright.” Sam answered. He took in Castiel’s haggard form and Castiel saw the look that passed over his features when he got closer. He looked around, before finally settling on Castiel. “Cas, where’s Dean?”
“So, when no one is looking,” Natalia continues her tale. “I pluck a petal. A prick of blood and a small sacrifice, and I’ve concocted a simple luck spell. As long as Marjorie was within a few feet of the iris, she was fine. Her luck was amplified. But the farther she got away from it, the more likely she was to...have an unfortunate accident. It was the perfect way to have my revenge without getting my hands dirty, you see.”
“Exactly. Listen to what Castiel has to say. Spare Dean Winchester today, spare his brother, and give them the chance at a fair trial, the chance to plead their case. Castiel wouldn’t lie to you, he wouldn’t do this unless he had a damn good reason, and you know it. If this is something he believes is right,” Gabriel moved then, to stand next to Castiel, who watched him in surprise; here was his brother,
“I’m so sorry you had to deal with that.” Cas’s voice was soft and gentle. “You didn’t deserve that.”
Having made himself clear, he strode away, heading back towards the staircase that would take him back to the main floor and out of Perdition.
He was grateful that the rain called for everyone in attendance to wear cloaks to keep themselves dry; this allowed him to not look out of place, and to better conceal his identity and hide the sword at his hip from view. After having spent several moments taking up different vantage points whilst the guards were too busy with their preparations to take too much notice, Castiel had positioned himself nearest the left side of the dais. Ahead of him, across the platform, he could see the line of trees behind where his siblings were seated. He could see several figures emerge from the path out of the woods and walk towards the open square, and even before they got closer, Castiel recognized Sam’s cloaked figure, and Charlie’s flaming red hair.
“They roughed me up a bit, but I’m alright.” Dean assured him. “Cas, I’m sorry. I never meant for this to happen.”
“Thank you.” Castiel said, and turned towards the looming palace before him. He sighed, the weight of everything barreling down on him at once, and Gabriel slung an arm around his shoulders.
family, just as much as you and Gabriel. I love them all. Some…” He dared a glance down at Dean, who stared up at him, green eyes wide. “In more profound ways than others.”
BALT: You’re telling me that you went through all that trouble to sneak out to NOT get laid?!?! Cassie, I thought I taught you better.
Dean, for once, doesn't complain as he complies with his brother’s request, and grabs several of the plastic and reusable bags Cas and Sam are so fond of. He hands the one holding the three pies he'd bought at the market to Cas, who gingerly accepts it as though it were a priceless artifact. Cas’s reverence for everything is just one of the things Dean loves about him.
He thought of Jimmy, and what he’d say, if he were here. Castiel desperately wished he could seek his counsel.
“I’m so sorry she did this,” Cas said as he dapped at a stray drop of cappuccino that had pooled behind Dean’s ear.
They'd discussed it on the way here, and had decided that the best way to investigate whether Natalia was the witch they were looking for or not would be to pose as botanists, just as Dean had suggested back at the diner, and say they'd found the iris at a local greenhouse and had been directed to her when they'd asked of its origins, as they were interested in cultivating and breeding it. It wasn't solid by any means, but Dean had seemed sure that it would work in a pinch. Castiel hoped he was right.
“Whoa, hey.” Dean sets the package of ground beef he'd pulled from the freezer on the counter and strides to Cas’s side. Cas’s knuckles are white where they're gripped around the handle of the iris’ cart. He hesitates only a second before he reaches out and loosens Cas’s fingers. “Cas, look at me.”
Castiel downed the last of his champagne and watched the dancers on the dance floor, a cacophony of colorful gowns and garish brocade suits as they twirled and stomped about in a dance that Castiel did not think looked all that entertaining to participate in. He’d been approached several times by various people and asked to dance, but he’d declined each time. He’d hoped that no one took his rejections to heart; it was only that balls tended to make him melancholic and much more tense than usual. (Dean had once called him “prickly,” which had caused Castiel to smile.) Lady Bela, in her red gown and matching scarlet lace mask, had been particularly put out, as it seemed, and had asked why he was here at all, if he didn’t intend to divulge in the revelry. Castiel had politely reminded her that he was here because he was one of the princes, and it was hardly in good taste to skip one of the biggest balls of the summer. His sister was the queen, after all. Lady Bela, who was vexatious on the best of days, had now made it her sole purpose for the night to remind Castiel not only what he was missing, but also that she considered herself quite the catch in the courting pool. Lady Bela had been vying for his attention since he’d returned home, and he knew it was hardly because she was in any way interested in pursuing a personal relationship; everything with Bela was about power.
“Shit.” Dean curses. He locks the safety on his gun and tucks it back into his pants. He drags a hand down his face. “You weren’t kidding about her leaving in a hurry.”
It didn’t seem fair, that Castiel could grow to adore someone this much, only to have him stolen from him so violently. He loved Dean so fiercely, the mere thought of being without him was tearing him apart.
He watched as realization settled across Sam’s face, the abject horror in his eyes. He saw Sam swallow, taking in a shaky breath.
Naomi had been telling the truth; nothing in Castiel’s bedroom had been disturbed since the last time he’d laid eyes on it, save for a few minor adjustments to the drapes to reflect the seasonal weather. His bed was plush and inviting, and Castiel was looking forward to sinking into its softness and let it allay the weariness setting into his bones.
Natalia rolls her eyes. “The Winchesters, you idiot.” She says. “Dean here and his brother are the most notorious hunters of the supernatural out there. Pretty boy there,” she gestures to Cas. “Is an angel.”
“Smartass,” Dean huffs out a laugh that quickly bites off into another moan as Cas resumes his ministrations. “Fuck, Cas, don't stop.”
“Of course, Your Grace.” Lydia nodded back respectfully and walked back through the curtain at the front of the plane, no doubt to prepare for landing.
“Are you going to refuse a direct order from your prince?” Castiel growled, voice low and menacing, full of righteous fury, much like the angel he was named after.
“I had to go to the bathroom!” Sam says, holding his hand up defensively. “And no offense, but you aren’t exactly
“You’d have done the same for me.” Castiel said. He smiled at him, taking in Dean’s form. Dean’s eyes scanned his face, dropping down to his lips again, and Castiel unconsciously stepped closer.
“All of the ivy in this garden is descended from a clipping my great great grandmother brought back from a visit to Japan in 1853.” Castiel informed her. “Ivy is the national plant of Caelum, and is even on our family crest.”
Dean answers his silent question by grabbing Cas’s hands, and threading their fingers together. He presses them down into the mattress, and he feels Cas relax into it, squeezing his hands.
There truly is something about this flower that almost seems to be...calling to him in a way Castiel can't quite put his finger on.
“And while I wait for my cappuccino and for you to rustle up some arugula, why don’t you bring us both some
It was a harebrained plan borne of desperation and love, relying completely on timing and chance, and it had the makings of being more a disaster than a success, but it would have to be enough.
” The woman shrugs. “If you guys hadn’t showed up, witch bitch probably would have killed me.” She frowns. “And, not to sound skeptical or anything...but do you guys do this a lot?”
Dean pressed his lips together and nodded. “Of course, ma’am. I’ll go see what we have in the back.”
“Thank you, Sam.” Cas’s voice is so grateful, genuine as though no one has ever been as thoughtful as Sam had been at that moment.
He reaches out his left hand, palm up on the table, and wiggles his fingers in invitation. Cas blinks and looks at his hand and then at the backs of the other patrons who'd given them the stink eye.
“I’m going to go check on that salad for you,” Dean excused himself back to the kitchen like he had a hellhound on his tail, only breathing once he had the doors behind him.
“Not a damn thing.” Gabe looked out the window, and Castiel could see the way he hid the sadness in his eyes by pretending to watch the lights of the city at night as they passed. “That’s exactly why I did it.”
“Dean,” Castiel took him by the arm and dragged him away from the crowd, into a secluded corner of the ballroom. “You
Tessa grinned. “Oh yeah. I’m going to school to be a mortician, AND I spent thirteen years in jujitsu classes. I can handle her, if she tries anything.” She gestured to the salad on the floor. “She even steps foot back in here and she’ll end up like this poor, defenceless salad.”
“I’m not the heir, I’m just the spare, Mother.” Castiel said. “Why does this frankly outdated and borderline asinine tradition have to apply to me too?”
“Cas, wait.” He manages to gasp out as Cas presses his hips down into the mattress with his hands to keep Dean from thrusting up. “Gonna...gonna come if you keep doing that.”
His apartment was nothing special; it had nice hardwood floors and an open floor plan, with arched doorways and a wide, open bay window facing out over the main strip of road. When Sam was in undergrad, he would often sit on the seat and study for his exams. Even Dean sometimes sat there to peoplewatch.
“Castiel, I am not doing this to upset you. I am doing this because you have been given ample time to do it on your own, and you have not.”
“You’re welcome to,” Cas says, somewhat flippantly as he finishes up the card he’s on. “But we just won another $10,000 here, and I’m willing to bet the next two will be winners as well.”
“I am ready to exit.” Castiel said, and without hesitation, the door was opened for him. Castiel dared one final glance at Dean’s sleeping form before he walked out the door.
Swallowing against the pain in his chest, Castiel dropped a kiss to Dean’s temple and gently, oh so gently, extracted himself from the bandit.
“Fuck.” Dean curses. He runs his hand over his face for a moment before he looks back at the article. He drags Sam’s laptop a little closer, reading the blurb underneath the “AWARD WINNING IRIS WOWS JUDGES!”
They don't say anything else as they cross over the city limits into Hastings, and Dean finds the diner where they'd eaten the day before and parks Baby in an empty spot.
“So tell me,” Dean asked, his curiosity getting the best of him. “Who was Princess Bitch back there?”
Sam instructs him to leave the iris where it is, and Castiel steps three feet away; he still catches the ball squarely in his hand before tossing it back to Dean effortlessly.
The two of them walked back into the palace, and Castiel called for Hannah to call one of the drivers to pick them up in ten minutes. Hannah enthusiastically agreed, and Castiel knew she was excited that he and Bela
Natalia barks out a laugh, dark and menacing. Dean’s skin prickles at the sound of it; fucking witches and their evil fucking laughs.
out there is demanding it, and honestly, I get the feeling it’s just better we give her what she wants.” He pulled out his wallet and held out a twenty.
For a moment, there wasn’t a sound to be heard save for Castiel’s own harsh breathing. He glanced down at Dean who had turned his gaze upwards towards Castiel, a look of pure terror in his green eyes.
The crowd, which had been thus far silent in their witness of the spectacle unfolding before them, were whispering. Castiel knew without looking that a great many of them were peasants, poor people that Dean and Sam had helped, but he could also feel the glaring eyes of some of the upper classes who had also gathered to watch as the man who had wronged them was brought to justice, could feel the disdain like a burn on his skin.
“Dibs on throwing!” Dean interjects, a huge grin across his face reminiscent of a gleeful child, and Castiel’s heart does that strange flutter-flip accompanied by the warm pulling sensation he can feel in the pit of his stomach it does whenever Dean smiles like that.
Castiel gasped as Dean was yanked away from him, breaking the kiss. He watched, dumbstruck, as Dean was thrown to his knees by two guards, his arms twisted behind him. A pair of shackles were snapped in place onto his wrists, and the guards pressed down on his shoulders with grips tight enough to bruise to keep him in a kneeling position. A hand was twisted into his hair, and a blade was held to his throat to keep him from moving.
“No one thinks that, Gabriel.” Castiel assured him. “The people of Caelum adore you. All Kings will have their naysayers, but you’re warm, accepting, and love your kingdom. You’re a good diplomat. You couldn’t bring shame to our family if you tried.”
Castiel casts his eyes to the floor, shame flooding his system like adrenaline. “I’m sorry, Dean.” He says quietly.
“Hello, Gabriel,” Castiel returned warmly, hugging his brother back. “It’s good to see you as well.”
if Cas ever found out the real reason. “Our uncle Bobby lives out here. We moved in with him. He owns the body shop I work at when I’m not bartending.”
“You just don’t get it, do you?” Natalia says, hands going to her hips. She paces in front of the desk slowly, her eyes never leaving the terrified woman behind the desk. “I was the
Naomi narrowed her eyes. “It’s hardly my fault you have yet to find a respectable suitor, Castiel.” She said huffily. “Seven years away at university, you’d think you’d have found
“Alright.” Dean agrees, and kisses Cas’s forehead. “We should probably call Sam, let him know we’re alive and headed home so he doesn’t pull his hair out of his head.”
“House salad special,” Dean explained. He did not like where this was going one bit. “Arugula with fresh mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, grilled chicken, avocado, and balsamic vinaigrette.”
Cas doesn't say anything, but he smiles, and Dean wishes he could make him smile like that all the time.
Dean comes, there in their own little universe, tears running down his temples back into his hair, with Cas kissing him and whispering unintelligibly in his ear, and it's better than anything Dean has ever felt. It's the best orgasm of his life, whiting out his entire awareness, intense pleasure coursing through every vein, igniting every cell. In that moment, it's as if Cas is once again remaking him as he did when he pulled him from hell, shaping him with reverent words whispered against flushed skin, imbuing his very being with love and purpose.
“I wish I could stay longer, but I really need to get back to make sure any damage Bela has already caused is minimal.” He said apologetically.
Cas stews in the Impala while Dean makes his phone call to Sam, telling him about Natalia and her disappearance.
“Who goes there?!” Castiel demanded. The gardens were off limits to the ball attendees, reserved solely for the royal family so as to not invite midnight trysts in Naomi’s prized rose bushes.
“That would be my date.” Cas spoke up, and his voice was steady. “She was asked to leave a few moments ago for throwing a hot cup of coffee in Dean’s face.”
No further words were needed. One of the guards fumbled with a set of keys attached to a thick leather cord at his belt, and slipped the key into the lock. They yanked the door open, the rusty hinges screaming in protest.
Castiel huffs, but allows Dean to help haul him to his feet. Mud covers his jeans and t-shirt, and he wrinkles his nose at the sucking sensation it causes when he moves. Sam comes over to the two of them, wheeling the iris behind him, and Castiel feels a flare of relief at its close proximity.
“Caaaaaaaaaasie.” Gabriel sing-songed from the other end of the line. “You got some ‘splainin’ to do.”
Castiel would have melted at Dean’s thoughtfulness and compassion. It was one of the things he loved most about him.
He had kissed Dean. Granted, it was just a kiss on the cheek, one that could almost be considered chaste, but it was a kiss, all the same.
Dean drags Cas back towards him by his hips, pressing him up against the doorframe; one of Cas’s hands finds its way into Dean’s hair and tugs gently, and Dean moans appreciatively; he’d forgotten how
“Shit, Cas,” he said, panic beginning to set in. “What if she tries to come after Andrea? I don’t work here, I’m just doing her a favor, and if she gets bad press for this from some heiress…”
“I think that pretty much covers it.” Sam says. “I think five feet is about as safe as we should consider letting you get away from the iris until we figure this whole thing out.”
As soon as Cas has been divested of his shirt, Dean wastes no time continuing with what he'd been doing, sucking bruises against Cas’s collarbone and ribs as he works his way down.
“Let me.” He says. “Let me show you nothing is ruined.” He looks at Cas for confirmation, to make sure they're on the same page.
“Well,” Cas sighs, still scritching away. “I figured, if my luck is going to suck, I may as well get something out of it.”
BALTHAZAR: Fine, a child’s plastic pail and spade. It will get the job done, it will just take quite a deal longer.
“We’ll make it up as we go.” Dean stage whispers to him, and smiles widely at the hostess. “Table for two, please.”
Castiel nods. He’d done so almost immediately upon finding out that he had been hit with the curse after their experiment in the privacy of his bedroom, but he’d found nothing. He’d checked the iris over thrice, just to be thorough, and had come up with absolutely zilch.
Dean then slowly turned his head to look towards the dais to his right at Naomi and Gabriel, and Castiel saw the moment he realized he was not with them pass over Dean like a wave. His shoulders slumped and he turned his head back to the block, his chin trembling slightly, eyes haunted and unfocused.
“I’m glad to hear it.” Castiel deadpanned. At the very least, his mother had hardly batted an eye when he had come out as pansexual the summer after his freshman year of college. If anything, she’d been delighted; in Naomi’s eyes, the fact that Castiel was not as picky about the sex or gender of his future spouse made Naomi’s matchmaking all the more broad, opened better opportunities for a good match that may not have been an option should the choices have been down to one gender or another.
As he walks towards the closet where the broom is tucked away, Dean ponders what just transpired. Something about this whole thing is ringing wrong in Dean’s head, like a gnat in his ear, and it's driving him nuts. Cas was fine earlier! It was like as soon as they'd walked into the bunker, it was like he'd seen nothing but bad luck—
“Does anybody know what’s up with crazy lady out there? Apparently her ride kicked her out and left her on the curb. She’s
“Dean Winchester!” Naomi breathed. For a moment she just stared at him, as though caught in a trance. “At last.”
“You’re worth more than you have ever given yourself credit for, Dean Winchester.” He says. “The cure called for a sacrifice freely given, and I did not question my choice then, nor do I question it now.” Cas’s hand leaves the handle of the cart, and it reaches up to lay over Dean’s hand on his cheek. Cas leans into the touch. “As for being
“I believe I may have hurt my wrist,” he admits. “And bruised my knee, but I am otherwise unharmed.” He looks at the floor and grimaces. “I’m sorry about the pies, Dean.” His voice is soft, and Dean’s heart constricts for a moment at how forlorn he sounds.
“Your crimes have made a turn for the vile, then,” Naomi said. “It is bad enough that you have been a scourge upon our kingdom, stealing from hard working citizens, but now you do this. You have attempted to use my brother to your own gains, to sully his good name with your perverse games, and for that, you will pay.”
“Did you fall on your wrist again, Cas?” Sam asks, and Castiel notices that he’s rubbing his sprained wrist absentmindedly. He shakes his head.
Castiel watched as his sister and brother ascended the raised dais and seated themselves, Naomi leaning over to whisper something in Gabriel’s ear, probably about the fact that Castiel was not waiting for them, as Hannah’s message would have suggested. He knew they were wondering where he was; surely he would want to witness the death of the man who had sought to sully his good name at the masque the night before?
Cas hisses as he presses against the juncture of Cas’s wrist, where a watch strap would sit, if he wore one.
Dean and his brother did not steal for stealing’s sake. They had started doing it to survive after their father had died, when they were still very young. They’d eventually made their way to the capital, where the disparity between the rich aristocracy and the poor had finally driven them to the vigilante thievery that now reserved them a place in the gallows, should they ever be caught, their nooses generously paid for by the nobility they’d stolen from.
“If I do dance with you, I’ll have you know, you’ll be the winner of a long list of contenders vying for my attention.” Castiel informed him.
Naomi huffs. “Honestly, Castiel,” She sniffed, dismissively, in the way she did when she was particularly put out by Castiel’s inherent need to question the world around him and the rules therein. “Why must you make this more difficult than it has to be? There are several eligible suitors for you to choose from. It needn’t be this hard.”
“More where that came from.” Dean promises, and smiles against Cas’s skin as he begins to follow the line of hair down Cas’s abdomen, pausing a moment to dip his tongue in his navel. Cas jerks with a squeak that was frankly adorable, and Dean bites back a laugh.
“Goddammit, boy,” she could be heard saying between them. “You ever scare us like that again and I’ll hang your ass on my wall, you got it?”
“What, you think I wouldn’t figure it out when you two finally got your heads out of your asses?” He asks, somewhat nonchalantly. “It’s obvious, guys. It’s been obvious for
“I'm sorry.” He says, the shame in his voice loud and clear despite being muffled by the pillow. “I'm sorry, I tried to wait…”
“I’m fine.” Cas says. “But...Sam, I think something is wrong. This...is highly unusual behavior for me, despite my brief existence as a human.”
for finally taking out the infamous Dean Winchester?!” She spits out. “Killing him will be my shining achievement! I’ll
“We'd better hurry, Dean,” Sam says, showing Dean the weather app on his phone. “They're saying golfball sized hail is moving this way.”
Not that anyone would have known it. Kali had had such a natural grace, you'd have thought she’d been groomed for publicity her entire life. She had been charming and sweet, and there wasn’t a soul who’d met her who hadn’t loved her.
Something in his facial expression must have given away his brief lack of cognitive computation, because Cas quickly amended, “Of course, it doesn’t have to be. It’s just that I would like to get know you better, if that’s alright with you. You seem like a very interesting person. I’ve been meaning to come back to the Roadhouse, but with all the publicity meetings and other obligations, I haven’t gotten the chance.”
It wasn’t until the mortician had begun preparing for the body to be embalmed some days later that it was discovered she’d been pregnant.
“What is the meaning of this?!” His older sister, Naomi, the queen, came forward. Beside her was their brother Gabriel, captain of the royal guard.
Since then, hunts permitting, they'd tried to make it a bimonthly affair. It was usually just the two of them, but this time they'd decided to entice Dean into coming with them, though after Dean had rolled his eyes at the stalls and booths lining the sidewalk of the market, Castiel had wondered for a brief moment why. After he'd caught sight of the booth selling homemade pie, however, he'd been sold.
“Hey, shh, it's fine.” Dean wipes his sticky fingertips on the bed and gently rubs Cas’s back. “It happens sometimes.”
“Thank you for your help in this...unfortunate matter, Sam.” Castiel says, gratitude welling in his chest for his friends and their commitment to helping him get rid of this predicament.
Dean nips at the skin, flattening his tongue and dragging it along the entire length of Cas’s solar plexus. The former angel groans and the fingers in Dean’s hair tighten.
“Soup’s on!” Dean proudly proclaims as he sets the large bowl of spaghetti on the table. Cas follows close behind with the smaller bowl of garlic toast, and Sam hands each of them a knife and fork.
“I saw this man sneak into the ballroom a half hour ago and make a beeline for his highness, and thought it best to investigate.” Bela explained. “I would know the hands of the man that stole from me anywhere.”
“Let me make it up to you, then.” Cas said, completely throwing Dean for a loop. “It’s the least I can do, for the way she treated you.”
. I’m gonna stay right here - barefoot, I might add - and I’ll man the books in case something comes up.”
Dean all but drags Cas down the hall towards the kitchen, where he wastes no time whirling the ex angel around and pressing him against the wall in a bruising kiss. Cas returns it in kind, moaning appreciatively.
Dean was going to die tomorrow. He was going to be beaten, spit on, dragged, and held down against the block, hands buckled in thick leather straps keeping him from attempting to escape as an executioner, hooded to preserve his honor, beheaded him. If Dean was lucky, and the executioner’s mark sure, it would be a quick and painless death. If the executioner botched the job, however, or the sword was not sharp enough…
Dean hums, and crawls back up to kiss him. He eases Cas down until he's laying on the bed with Dean leaning over him, elbows framing his face. He presses his hips against Cas’s, and groans when their groins brush together; they're both hard, and Cas raises his knees so that Dean can slot perfectly between them, increasing the friction. Dean languidly rolls his hips and Cas fucking
I’m more important than you’ve ever been or ever will be, and will especially be so if I become the next princess of this kingdom. So best you get some practice in, yes?”
Naomi, for the first time in her life, appeared to be speechless. Here she was, being handed the two most wanted bandits in the kingdom on a silver platter, and the only thing standing between her and them was Castiel, her little brother, the prince.
how it should be: a chance for a stroke of fate, of blind luck, organic and allowed to grow into whatever it wants to be.”
“Looks like it’s Lucky’s lucky day!” She says brightly, grinning as Dean and Castiel set the flower down on the concrete in front of her. “It just got in here last week. It got brought in with a couple ferns, begonias, and African violets from an estate sale. Little old lady, died in her sleep when a shelf over her bed fell and hit her, bless her heart. Her family didn't want any of her plants, so they brought them to us. I'm glad to see it go to a new home!”
The idea of Cas watching porn for getting off and learning how to give a blowjob is frankly the hottest thing Dean has ever pictured, and he's got
They stand on the porch for several seconds, but no one comes to the door. Dean leans over to peer inside the window, cupping his hands against the glass. He shakes his head and turns back to Castiel.
This has been my white whale fic for over two years! It was originally supposed to be set in medieval times where Dean was a thief and Castiel was a prince who had been sent away to recover from the death of his twin brother, but...that never did come to fruition. So, this was born!
Castiel nods, slowly. “That would explain why we missed the hailstorm by mere seconds when I was still in the backseat with it, and why I started tripping when I left it in the library.”
Dean knows he can never be the man he was when he woke up this morning at the ass crack of dawn, the man he was before he kissed Cas in the bathroom, the man he was even just before he pulled Cas into his bedroom and pressed him down on the bed.
water to tide us over?” She looked at the water glass in front of her with disdain, as if plain, uncarbonated water was the most disgusting thing she’d ever seen.
Dean tapped the mask. “‘S why I went all out with this thing. And before you ask, I bought it, I didn’t steal it.”
for it, unable to stop himself from moaning and gasping the other man’s name. Dean has never been particularly vocal in bed, save for dirty talk, but with Cas he can't
“It’ll be okay, Cassie.” Gabriel said, his voice soft and soothing. “Besides, so what if you don’t find anybody and break tradition? Traditions get broken all the time.”
“Alright, let's wash out.” Dean says after a few more moments. He's already half-hard from the way Cas keeps moaning; if they keep this up any longer, Dean’s gonna have a predicament in his pants to take care of, and he'd rather avoid that, thank you
be doing something right!” She turns on her heel and walks back over to Dean, who, despite barely managing to keep his eyes open, struggles weakly against the magic holding his wrists immobile when she grabs hold of his hair and presses the tip of the angel blade below his chin.
Cas smiled. “I have to agree.” He said. “I’ve never been to Michigan. I didn’t travel much when I was living in the States. I went to Colorado a few times to go skiing, and once went to Austin. I even went to Vancouver one spring break with my friend Balthazar.”
“I like you, Dean.” Castiel admitted. “There's something about you that I just can’t help but feel attracted to. I’d like to get to know you better.” He smiled. “Be that in a completely platonic way or not.”
“You should get outta here.” Dean said, as if hearing his thoughts. “Wouldn’t want you to get caught in here with me.”
“Here you are,” Dean gently sat the plate down on the table, pulling a roll of silverware from his apron pocket. “One house salad.”
“That ain’t anybody’s fault,” Dean grinds out, trying desperately to fight against the magic’s hold. He knows he was going to pass out if he doesn’t make her let go. “Doesn’t give you a right to kill innocent people when they beat you fair and square.”
Sam gave Dean a firm slap on the back and said, “We’re headed back to the village. Go get some sleep. You look like death.”
“What kind of person does that?!” Tessa demanded. “She better be glad I wasn’t here; I’d have kicked her ass ten ways to Tuesday.”
“Alright, Cas, we know that having the iris right next to you is when you're at baseline.” Sam says. “So let's try a foot away, then three, then five, then ten. Sound good?”
Dean nearly chokes on his beer, and is about three seconds away from having it come out his nose. He sputters and coughs, setting his beer down on the table before he can drop it. Cas bangs on his back a few times, trying to help him, and Dean gasps for air like a man drowning. He looks at his brother with wide eyes, not daring a glance at Cas.
There's a scar, about an inch long, just beneath Cas's jugular, where he'd cut his Grace from his body during the ritual that cured Dean of the Mark. The skin is silky smooth, with a silver sheen whenever the sunlight catches it just right. Dean rubs his thumb against it, trying not to think about the sacrifice it symbolizes, how it embodies the humanity that Cas welcomed with open arms, all for Dean’s sake. Cas swallows, Adam’s Apple bobbing, and after a second he bares his neck, and the sheer amount of trust in such a simple gesture leaves Dean
“Dean,” Cas says, and the reverence in his voice is clear, resonating into Dean’s very bones. “You won't hurt me.”
They stand in solemn silence over the grave of a woman they’d never met, who’d changed their lives irrevocably. After a few minutes, Cas turns and buries his face in the crook of Dean’s neck, heaving out a shuddering sigh.
Another guard, hooded to protect his identity, came forward and brandished the sharp execution sword Castiel had seen them experimenting with earlier.
He's just slipping his fingers under Cas’s shirt when he feels Cas gasp, and freeze. He pauses and pulls back, looking at Cas’s stricken face.
“I don’t know, some guy!” Brandie throws up her hands in exasperation. “Dark hair, blue eyes! He comes in here sometimes on market days. I don’t know his name.”
Dean took the phone, and typed in his phone number. He handed the phone back to Castiel, who saved it immediately.
. He makes a particularly gorgeous sound when Dean sucks at his pulse point just under his chin, and he catalogues that away for later, and continues his trek down.
“It’s good to have you home, Castiel. We’ve all missed you.” Chuck said and clapped Castiel on the back as they pulled apart. He leaned in closer and whispered, “Your mother annoy the shit out of you yet?”
And suddenly, he realized that it was not a reminder of what he had lost, of what he could not change, but a reminder of his own power, his own resilience, of what he
“That is, until that little old bitch Marjorie Porter entered the contest. She enters and suddenly, the roses that I’d
He walks over to his dresser and pulls out a new pair of boxers and a fresh t-shirt. He tugs them both on before he grabs his dead guy robe from the hook on the back of his door and slips his arms into the sleeves, and ties the sash around his waist.
Cas isn’t a thing, to be owned. The thought that anyone could think of him as such sets Dean’s blood to a raging boil.
Cas cocks his head at him, eyes shining with unhidden hope. Dean throws his shirt and sweatpants on the bed and walks over to Cas, placing his hands on his hips. He leans forward and kisses him, nice and slow. He pulls back.
“Hey, c’mon,” Dean soothes, tracing the edge of Cas’s anti-possession tattoo on his left pectoral, same as him and Sam. “We gotta get a move on. Sam found Natalia Jennings’ address. We gotta head up to Hastings so we can get this whole iris shit cleared up.”
employ drivers, don’t they? Call one of them. What’s the use in paying for a cab when you have a chauffeur at your beck and call?”
“It appears my ride has left me as well as Bela.” He said. “Not that I blame her; Bela was incredibly rude to Lily as we rode here. Not to make this sound like the end of a college frat party, but is there a back entrance we can sneak out of?”
Dean drops his hand onto the seat, and threads his fingers through Cas’s. He glances in the rearview mirror at the iris.
He had also missed his older brother, Gabriel, fiercely. Despite Gabriel being nearly six years older than Castiel, the two had always been very close, despite the fact that they were polar opposites. Where Castiel was quiet, reserved, and somewhat serious, Gabriel was loud, vivacious, and full of energy. Gabriel always had a trick up his sleeve, their father affectionately calling him “the trickster” as far back as Castiel could remember; if something odd or some strange bit of bad luck befell a palace worker, it was almost guaranteed to have been the work of the Crown Prince, without a doubt. Castiel smiles as he remembers the time Gabriel had released a single cricket into the library where they had received private tutoring for much of their childhood. Their tutor, a sniveling, whiny-voiced man named Marv, had damn near had a nervous breakdown, and had nearly pulled every book from the shelves in an attempt to find the wayward insect, if only to make the madness stop. Castiel and Gabriel still laughed at the color Marv’s face had turned when Naomi had walked into to find him tearing apart the royal library.
“So, Castiel,” Naomi said, snapping Castiel back to attention. “I’ve arranged for Hannah to meet with you today to begin going over the preparations for the coming weeks. I just received word this morning that Lord Talbot will be arriving with his daughter Bela Wednesday afternoon at 1 o’clock. You and I will meet them at the airport, and you will get the chance to get to know Lady Bela a bit better.”
Irritation flared in Castiel’s gut, commingling with the worry that the man he loved, the most wanted thief in all the lands, was
“I know that we have not yet discussed the nature of our relationship or where they events that have just transpired will lead us…” Cas says. “And I know that you find intimacy to be publicly uncomfortable, and I am also aware that I am the owner of a male body, and that you prefer females, so I can understand if you'd like to keep this between us.”
He resolved that soon, he would go back to the Roadhouse. He just had to get through Bela’s visit first.
Cas moans again and goes back to kissing and licking his way down Dean’s thick cock, but Dean shakes his head and tugs lightly at his hair. “I want more.” He takes himself in hand and pushes the head of his cock against Cas’ lips. They part easily. Cas’ eyes are practically glowing with desire and need as he watches Dean, always watching Dean, as Dean pushes himself into the warm, wet heat of Cas’ mouth. Dean sighs. “You’re so good, Cas.”
The next message was a very poor quality photo of a desktop monitor that had blue screened. “Charlie fixed my webcam problems, but I can’t have our call tonight.”
Dean swallows thickly. A hundred words crowd his throat, fighting to get out, but his own fears win this round and keep them down. Instead all he can manage is a choked, “Yeah. Yeah, I do.”
Dean shrugged. “Seems as good a guess as any. Violent death. Susan said they were fighting right before. Probably something happened between them that left Marcy pissed off enough to stay in the veil.”
“This whole street is like friggin’ Candy Land.” Dean eyeballed the canary yellow house across the street suspiciously as they made their way to the front door.
Cas gasps sharply in a way that Dean knows means his toes are curling in his sensible shoes. He takes Dean in deeper, his tongue pressed up against his length, and his
sulking about his husband and his dumb opinions and his bullheaded refusal to man up and apologize. Because
And so they set to work. Jack clearly had a vision of what he wanted, pulling supplies from the pantry to add to the disaster cake. He insisted on covering it in a thick layer of chocolate frosting, even though Dean tried to tell him angel food cake didn’t usually need it. It was vital to what he was creating. A full hour passed, and somehow the thing looked even worse than when it first flopped out of the pan.
The woman who spoke nodded. “Yeah, I think so. I saw him walking back toward town, though.” She pointed over her shoulder.
“I love you, Cas.” One step, two steps, he crossed the distance between them and threw his arms around Cas’ shoulders, clinging to him the way he wished he could have before the Empty took Cas away. “It’s you, Cas. It can only be you. It’s only been you for years. I promise.”
Dean breathed a laugh and sauntered his way into the kitchen. He flicked another glance to Cas right before he started rummaging around, pulling open drawers and searching through shelves. “Can never find a bucket when you need it,” he muttered ‘to himself,’ even though there definitely weren’t any in the kitchen. And, purely by
Cas didn’t have an answer to that. He only glared, his eyes flickering with something Dean couldn’t quite figure out. Pain? Longing? Regret?
So Dean tensed. He thought about going back to his room for a gun, but he knew it was almost certainly one of the other men, probably also searching for a midnight snack. Still, he crept as quietly as he could and peered around the corner, just to be safe.
” Cas slammed into the door again. His eyes glowed faintly with his weakened Grace. “Telling you how I felt. And you said--” Another crash; the door cracked ominously. “
“Dude, what the hell?!” Dean charged into their room, anger burning hot as his glare zeroed in on the angel sitting in a chair. “You can’t just go running off like that! You left your phone behind!”
Cas moans around Dean’s cock, his fingers digging into his hips hard enough that Cas’ll need to heal bruises later.
“It’s a Sarlacc Pit!” Jack exclaimed while Dean clutched at the table, doubled-over with laughter. Jack pointed out the pretzel rods jutting out around the misshapen, lumpy hole in the center of the sunken cake. They’d done their best to make the chocolate frosting around it look like smooth sand, but of course it was way too brown. And bits of warm cake kept breaking off while they iced it. “That’s its teeth, and that’s the sand. It’s a Star Wars cake!”
Jack tilted his head at Dean, then the box, before a smile bloomed across his face. “You gave me angel food cake once. I really liked it! Is that why you got it for me?”
Dean marvels at the effortless control Cas has over the both of them. Brilliant blue eyes lock onto Dean’s, and the blazing desire he sees there makes his breath catch in his throat. Cas’ cheeks are flushed with arousal, his lips still swollen and pink. Heat courses through Dean’s body, heavy and demanding and having absolutely nothing to do with the amulet around his neck.
Dean thinks in amusement, right before Cas takes Dean all the way into his throat and Dean forgets his own name.
Dean bumped his knee against Cas’ under the table. “I’d even call it awesome,” he teased, making Cas’ cheeks flush pink. “This Friday? I’ll pick you up at seven?”
Only then did Cas glance over his shoulder and catch Dean’s eye. Dean bit his lip suggestively, his grin widening, but Cas’ cheeks turned lightly pink and turned his head away. He rubbed at the back of his neck. Nervous, huh? Well that was alright. Dean could lighten the mood.
Very slowly, Cas’ wings wrap back around Dean, shrouding him in warmth, as his hips come to a gradual stop. He pops his head off the dark mark he left on Dean’s shoulder and gives him a shaky smile.
Dean furrowed his brow. Did Cas walk back on his own? Irritation flared in his chest as he forced a cordial smile and thanked the woman before jogging back the way he came. He didn’t see any sign of Cas back at their blanket either.
Dean moans Cas’ name as Cas bends his neck to bury his face into Dean’s shoulder. He’s breathing hard now, sucking a desperate mark into Dean’s skin. Every inhale wavers with a quiet sob. His pace is bruising, thrusting into Dean hard and fast, making Dean’s entire body bounce on Cas’ cock as he chases his orgasm. Dean can do nothing except hold on for the ride.
Cas’ lips were cinnamon sweet, his mouth warm and inviting as Dean slipped his tongue inside with a soft sigh. Dean let his hands wander, up Cas’ back, down his thick arms, carding through his hair, and soon Cas did the same. They kissed until the kitchen timer started shrieking at them, reluctantly pulling them apart. Cas’ hair was wild, the flour almost completely brushed out of it by now. His lips were wet and kiss-bruised, their lovely pale pink now dark. Dean knew he wasn’t much better himself. The front of his pajamas were now stained with cinnamon from Cas’ apron. He was almost certain there were floury handprints on his ass.
The thought clenched tight around Dean’s heart as he drove back to the bed and breakfast. Maybe he didn’t anymore. Maybe Cas was getting sick of him. Twelve years in each other’s lives, it was bound to happen eventually.
Cas and Dean’s eyes met, and they both nodded. Dean grunted as he pushed himself to his feet, poker still clutched to his chest. “Susan, stay here. Whatever happens,
Dean stared at Jack. Jack's eyes were wide and sincere and full of love, just like his dad's. And, apparently, just as effective. "Alright..." Dean said with a defeated sigh. Who was he to deny the kid a chance to make his dad happy? "Whacha wanna do for his birthday?"
Cas makes quick work of the clothes he has left while Dean grabs a bottle of lube from their nightstand. “Much better,” Dean says with a satisfied nod. Another amulet-driven impulse pings in his head, making him pause. Making him stop and stare openly at Cas, naked, muscles gleaming, cock rigid and eager, his face blazing with desire, powerful wings stretched out behind him. “Fuck, Cas…” Dean breathes. “You’re--fuck, I want you so bad.” Cas preens under Dean’s praise, flexing his wings until they curve along the far walls. Shifting, breathtaking shadows surround Dean’s vision on all sides.
Once Dean didn’t need to worry about burning the house down, he went looking for Cas. He found him outside, loading up their scattered weapons into the trunk of the Impala.
“Well, would you like to eat here? Usually I don’t serve dinner for guests, but since it’s only the two of you, I can cook up something if you’d like. I honestly wouldn’t mind the company.”
He turned his glare onto Cas himself just in time to see Cas look up. He had on a dark scowl of his own, but it immediately dropped into surprise when he saw what Dean was wearing.
"Okay!" Sam's voice pitches up several octaves. Dean frowns at him, but before he can ask, Sam takes a deep breath and plasters a warm, understanding smile across his face. "You know what? You're right, Dean. After all this time. All those, uh...burgers. I'm glad you've figured out which one you like best."
Despite lust making him clumsy, Cas manages to work Dean out of his lower layers, leaving him standing in just his unbuttoned flannel. They share a small, affectionate smile across the distance between them. Cas’ eyes are electric blue, peeking up at him with smoldering heat simmering behind his lashes. Dean strokes Cas’ hair as Cas leans in and presses a soft kiss to Dean’s growing arousal. One kiss becomes two, then three, then a long, delicious string of kisses against the velvety skin of his cock. Dean sighs in contentment and remains still. Cas likes to do this, he knows. Taking his time, nuzzling at Dean, carefully tasting every inch of Dean’s length while he works him to hardness. It’s almost worshipful.
Dean ducked his head, unable to look Cas in the eye. “Right. Yeah. That’s me, alright.” He swallowed around the hard lump in his throat. The long drive back to Kansas was going to be awful.
Sam snorts. "That's just an excuse to eat more burgers." He spears a forkful of tomato and spinach with a smug little twinkle in his eye.
Dean thought back to that drive, and his little snack cakes morality test. “Yup. That was definitely why.” He snatched the box from Jack’s hand and tossed it into the cart before he could ask more questions. “Let’s wrap this up before Cas wonders why we’ve been gone so long.”
Dean immediately grabbed at the lifeline he was given. “You gonna make me cut my own apples for my own birthday pie, Cas?”
Dean glances around the table. At Sam, his overly long hair plastered to his sweaty forehead, scrolling through his phone as he shovels egg white omelette into his mouth like he's starving for it. At Eileen, a pleased grin on her face as her closed fist moves in a circle in front of her, her thumb pointed down over her stack of pancakes. At Jack, watching her intently as she teaches him a new sign, his fork suspended halfway to his mouth until a bite of pancake falls off it and smacks onto the table, making Eileen laugh.
He stayed put on the porch as Dean crossed his yard in several long strides. Butterflies fluttered in Cas’ stomach as he watched Dean climb the steps and finally,
“You got me,” Dean says with a small laugh. He spreads his arms out with a bit of a flourish, and it’s a relief to say it. It feels
as an apology. Because Dean had nothing to apologize for! He was right, Cas was wrong, end of story.
By the time Dean finishes breakfast, Sam and Eileen have filtered in too, completing their packed table. For a brief moment it’s utter chaos as everyone grabs plates of food and cutlery and coffee and juice, but before Dean can blink everyone is settled, chowing down on their breakfast or quietly drinking their awful flavored coffee. Dean lets out a weary sigh and sinks down into a chair next to Cas with his own stack of pancakes. It’s way too early to feel this tired.
“Show me how much you love my cock,” Dean murmurs, and he’s rewarded by a shaky moan pushing past Cas’ lips and ghosting over his damp skin. “You love it, don’t you? You love making me feel good. Love putting that hot mouth to good use.” Dean isn’t usually much for dirty talk--real, proper dirty talk, not just a few steamy encouragements in the heat of the moment, but with the impulses from the amulet tugging his thoughts in the right direction, it flows out of him easily.
Cas squinted at him and turned his lips down in his own very serious version of a pout. “It’ll ruin the surprise.”
Cas nodded to the camera. Just as he did, the door to Dean’s bedroom opened with a distinct squeak. Cas tilted his head. “Is it working now?” he asked aloud, but Dean didn’t answer.
Cas fumbled with the lighter. “I can’t have you because. You. Don’t. Love me!” It finally lit. Cas threw it onto the painting, sending it up in flames.
Susan’s face crumpled. “No. No we were never…” She took a deep breath and continued in a steadier tone. “She was my business partner, but I loved her. Very much. And I knew she loved me too. So I suppose you could say we were
He stepped in close. Cas raised his hands like he wanted to reach out and touch Dean again, but he hesitated, so Dean settled his hands on Cas’ waist and waited for Cas to rest his hands on the small of his back. “Thanks,” he said quietly. He watched the light in Cas’ eyes soften into something sweet and fond. “For the pie,” he added, the giddiness in his heart making it difficult to stay quiet. He cleared his throat. “I mean, it’s great. It’s…” But Dean didn’t have the words to describe how much it all meant to him. How much Cas meant to him. So he leaned in and kissed Cas again, slow and tender. He smiled when he pulled back, and the grin on Cas’ face made it clear he understood everything Dean couldn’t say.
Something tight and anxious curls in Dean’s chest. “No!” he blurts out, realizing a second too late that it’s
"Yeah yeah, have it your way, Burger King," Dean grouses as he pours himself a mug of coffee. He dumps what's left and fills the carafe with more water.
doing this again later,” Dean says. Cas answers by capturing his lips with his own in a bruising kiss.
Cas reached up and cupped Dean’s cheeks. Dean was saying something, but Cas had no idea what. They would fix that soon, but Cas wanted to enjoy this for just a moment more. His thumbs stroked across Dean’s adorable freckles while Dean’s hands wound around Cas’ waist. They swayed in each other’s space, drinking each other in. Dean leaned forward and pressed his forehead against Cas’. His breath was warm against Cas’ lips, and Cas decided not to wait a second longer to hear his soulmate’s voice. He leaned in and pressed their lips together in an eager kiss. Dean reacted immediately, his hands tightening around Cas and a quiet, desperate sound reverberating in his chest. A sound that Cas could hear!
Cas breathed out a long, frustrated breath and rose to his feet. “I’m...going for a walk,” he said. He folded his arms over his bare chest.
“Yeah we’ve got ourselves the next Cake Boss over here. If the God thing doesn’t work out.” Dean’s voice rippled with laughter. He snatched up the bag of party hats and ripped it open. Cas looked exceedingly tolerant as Dean snapped one on his head with an impish grin. “So birthday boy, whatcha wanna do on your special day?”
“I’m trying to say...I’m bi, Sammy.” With trembling voice and tense shoulders, Dean turned around, everything in his face struggling between wide-eyed vulnerability and shutting down and hiding his feelings. His gaze landed on Sam’s shirt.
“Salt repels ghosts,” Cas replied with way more patience than Dean would have had. “She can’t come into the circle.”
The man looked up in surprise, but a small smile quickly appeared on his face, making his blue eyes look even brighter. “No, not particularly,” he admitted in a shockingly deep voice. Dean let it wash over him, dark and earthy as his coffee.
Sam was still laughing to himself as he rolled up the shirts as tightly as possible and snuck them into the inner pocket of his suit jacket.
Cas was pulling weeds in his garden when his phone buzzed with a message. Cas’ heart leapt when he saw it was from Dean. “Can you Skype?”
Cas nips at Dean’s lower lip, and Dean eagerly parts his lips to let Cas lick his way inside, tongue wet and greedy. His hands
Cas sat bolt upright and nearly upended his popcorn bowl. His heart leapt into his throat as he stared at the simple little suggestion. Skype? A video call? A real, actual conversation with Dean? Seeing his face? Watching his reactions to every melodramatic plot twist of his silly hospital show?
“Well as luck would have it, this particular man would never turn down an opportunity for a hot date.”
“I’m just making a snack,” Cas huffed. His irritated sulk did nothing to cover up the unmistakable suspicion of his body language, nor the panicked flicker in his bright blue eyes.
Sam's expression does a complicated dance that Dean can't even begin to follow. But it suddenly clears into a look of dawning realization, followed quickly by horrified guilt, before it clamps down entirely.
Dean was pretty sure he looked even more nervous, but he’d be damned if he owned up to it. “Hey birthday boy,” he hummed, forcing a flirtatious smile despite the anxiety pounding in his chest. He was going to kiss Cas. God how he wanted to kiss Cas.
“I’m not sure if I should leave you two alone or stay and play interpreter.” Charlie shifted her weight from one foot to the other, barely containing her excitement.
“You’ll get used to it.” Dean could see Cas’ smirk in the corner of his eye. Dean tightened his embrace.
A fierce blush leapt to Dean’s freckled cheeks, and he looked down as an embarrassed laugh bubbled up from his chest. “Jesus buddy, you can’t just say things like that!”
“Are you kidding me?! She doesn’t appreciate him! And she sabotaged his chances of doing that Antarctic neurosurgery fellowship by sleeping with his interviewer!”
That was how it began. Before Cas knew it, he and Dean were in an active online friendship. Dean sent him regular updates on his sewing project, or ran to him for help with issues that popped up. Cas encouraged him along the way and sent occasional pictures of his flowers or bees.
Cas frowned at the message. He should handle this one. Because if he didn’t, Ed would, and his replies would inevitably stir up drama. Not to mention hurt the newbie’s feelings, and Cas would hate for someone to be discouraged from a new hobby before they’d really begun.
Charlie grinned. “You too, pal. Thanks for helping butterfingers here with learning to sew.” Dean made some sort of very animated protest, which Charlie ignored. “You saved me a
So stubborn that he couldn’t even admit when he was wrong. Too stupid to even know how wrong he was!
Blueberries. He should use those up too. Dean plucks them, some eggs, some butter, some milk, and all of the stuff for Sam’s atrocious vegetable omelette from the fridge.
“Of course,” Dean breathes. He holds Cas close, tucking his chin over his shoulder and squeezing tight, like he never wants to let go. He
Dean finally pulls back so he can look Cas in the eye. Cas’ normally pale lips are flushed a beautiful bright pink and swollen, slick with spit. His gorgeous eyes are brighter than the sky and glassy with arousal, but laser focused on Dean. Dean smiles down at him and caresses his cheek. “Oh sweetheart. You are amazing.”
Instead Cas’ eyes spark with an intriguing bit of mischief. “I can take care of that,” he says, and then he lets go of one of Dean’s legs, effortlessly keeping him aloft with just one hand--and
“If you don’t mind my asking, what stopped you?” Dean felt bad for pressing her for information that was clearly upsetting, but people’s lives were at stake. Possibly Susan’s own.
“Fuck, you’re so good,” Dean groans. He rocks his hips, fucking into Cas’ mouth, but tingles of magic give him the impression that that’s not what Cas truly wants. Instead he tightens his grip on Cas’ hair and makes Cas bob his head. Cas flows with the movement easily, his breathing heavy, his hands gripping Dean’s hips like a supplicant at the altar. “So good. Fuck, Cas, I love using your mouth to get off. You look beautiful when you’re kneeling.”
Dean reaches for Cas’ face, his thumb gently stroking across his cheek. He holds up the ring. “What do you say, Cas? Wanna go legit about this?”
Castiel went very, very still. “Of…Of course, Dean,” he said, but his voice was tense and even deeper than normal, like he was doing everything in his power to keep it steady and sure. Dean looked up at his face, but Cas’ eyes were locked on their hands.
“Completely unfounded.” Dean has adjusted to Cas flitting around everywhere with his wings restored, so he doesn’t miss a beat in their conversation. He shifts his way up the mattress to lay his head on his pillow. He’s sore from such a rough ride, but it’s manageable. Hell, it’s kind of hot. He likes when he can feel everything Cas did to him the next day.
Cas sighed heavily. His shoulders twitched, tense, but he didn’t protest when Dean slapped his hand at the middle of his back.
“At what point am I no longer banned from the kitchen?” Almost as if on cue, Cas’ voice called out from down the hallway. “Am I allowed to walk past it? I’d like to go into the library.”
Dean clapped his hands together. A tiny puff cloud of flour ghosted around them. “Alright. Step one done. What next? The apples?” He patted Cas’ shoulder and grinned at the white handprint he left behind. “You peel, I’ll start measuring out the other ingredients.” Dean flashed his most innocent smile, feeling pretty smug that he’d pawned off the least desirable task on Cas. Cas eyed him for only a second, suspicious, before he went to work.
“Yes,” Cas said, but there was a twinge of sadness in his voice that made Dean look up. He was smiling softly, but the longing in his eyes was impossible to miss.
Cas gave the post an obligatory “like” and scrolled on. Soulmates were nice, he thought. In theory. A perfect match dropped into one’s lap without even needing to get to know each other first. He could see why finding theirs appealed to so many people. But truth be told, Cas wished there was a way to discover his soulmate in someone he already cared about, not a stranger.
Because when Dean peeked up at Cas’ face, he was radiating so much happiness Dean’s heart ached from it. Today was the happiest he’d ever been. And perhaps tomorrow, if Dean had anything to say about it, tomorrow he’d be even happier.
They both went tense and still as they noticed just how cold the room had gotten. The lamp on the bedside table flickered.
“But ya know, homemade cake never looks as fancy as the stuff you get at the store, but it tastes just as good.” He slapped Jack on the back. “Put some frosting on this thing, maybe some decorations, and we’re golden.”
Dean grinned as he reached over and plucked Cas’ cup from his hand. “Buddy, for you I’ll give it a shot,” he said as he took a sip from the straw.
“Hey! Marcy!” A ceramic angel went flying through the air and smashed into a framed photo on the wall next to them, shattering the glass. Marcy snarled and whipped her head around. Her grip on Dean’s neck loosened a little, and Dean sucked in as many painful gasps as he could get.
by surprise. Cas pulls back to stare at him. “Please,” Dean urges, because the amulet dropped that idea into his head and he
Dean’s smirk turned into a toothy grin when he heard Cas sigh in frustration and annoyance. He turned around. Sure enough, Cas hastily jerked his gaze away from him and back down to his book. The flush on his face was darker than ever. But still he remained steadfastly silent.
laughing at all of the odd, awkward things Cas said. The way Cas openly stared at Dean in a way he hadn’t in years. The way Cas smiled softly when he did, in a way he
one…" Dean carefully unwraps the second burger. "Is there anything sexier than a breakfast burger?" He practically beams down at the golden-brown bun, the fringes of fried egg drooping over the side, crisp bacon peeking out from under the patty.
a good person. You know that, right? I… You are good.” He needs to say it now, while pleasure and happiness can wrestle his discomfort and keep it down. He’s not sure when he’ll be strong enough to tell Cas what he needs to hear again.
Instead his gaze slid down his dresser to the very bottom drawer. Here he and Cas kept their junk clothes. Grease-stained jeans for working on the car, dingy flannels for digging new plots for Cas’ ever-expanding garden, and of course....the shorts.
“She was my world. I loved her more than she’ll ever know...” Again Susan fell silent, this time lost in thought.
A few minutes later, he got a response. “I dunno man, I’ve watched like a dozen videos and threaded and rethreaded this damn bobbin like a hundred times.” Below was a second message. “And tried a new bobbin.” A third. “AND changed the needle!”
“Are you really sure about this, Dean?” Cas’ wide blue eyes are equal parts concerned and suspicious. Okay, perhaps he’s not fully convinced yet, but Dean knows he can get him on board. “I’m not even sure what my greatest fantasy about you is.”
Dean scowled darkly at the book he was reading. Pretending to read. No, dammit, he was reading it! He was researching this damn case and absolutely
” Dean had never heard Cas sound so pained just saying his name. “You.” Cas scrubbed at his face. His mouth twitched as he struggled to find words for all the ways Dean had screwed up. Was continuing to screw up.
“Not what I meant, Cas,” Dean said, rolling his eyes. “All of it. All the crap we’ve been through. All the crap Chuck put us through. Put
“Because of the Empty!” Dean insisted. Marcy’s form materialized again, and Dean raised his weapon as she approached. “You couldn’t have me because of the deal with the Empty!”
It was only Cas, standing with his back turned to Dean, an unholy mess on the counter in front of him, hunched over watching something on his phone.
“Come on, Cas.” Dean slots his naked hips against Cas’ clothed ones. Cas’ erection is straining against his dress pants. He ruts against it a few times before stepping back. “Get undressed. And keep your wings out.”
The dark shadows of wings dance over Dean’s skin as Cas grabs him by the back of the thighs and hefts him into the air.
Dean huffed a silent laugh. “I’m really terrible following along with tech support. I’ll get Charlie to help later. She’s a wiz at these things.”
you’re...fuck, you being an angel really comes in handy.” Dean chuckles a little, the sound edging into a needy whine as he carefully rocks into Cas’ throat. “I love it. Love all your angel mojo. Love how strong you are, Cas. Fuck, love that you can take anything I throw at you.”
And when the day finally came, Sam almost ruined the moment with his excitement that his prank would finally pay off.
to Dean had him borderline giddy. He was barely through his door when he started to rip off his dirt-covered shirt and kick off his shoes. He grabbed a clean t-shirt from his closet while his laptop started. He pretended like picking out a nice blue one that complimented his eyes was a total coincidence.
“Not your fault,” she said with the heaviness of one who had heard those words hundreds of times. She shook her head. “You’re not the reason she--” Susan cut herself off and swallowed down her tears. Despite her best efforts, a single tear trailed down her cheek.
Dean smiled as warm sunshine settled in his chest. Perhaps it didn’t matter if Dean understood it all, because Cas was happy where he was no matter what Dean thought.
…” Cas stops with a surprised gasp as Dean firmly plants both hands on either side of Cas’ shoulders, right against his shadowy wings.
“I wish I could touch them,” Dean says as he steps even closer. “What would happen if I…” He reaches out and presses his hand to the wall directly over one of Cas’ wings. “Woah, it’s warm right here. You doing okay, buddy?” he asks, because Cas twitched a little when he touched his shadow.
“I thought you knew,” Dean called across the distance between them. Cas stopped and turned to look at him. The bitterness in his eyes made Dean’s stomach churn. “I thought you knew,” he said again. He took a step toward Cas. “For years I thought you knew. But, you know, you’re an angel. I thought you didn’t...I thought you
Dean threads his fingers into the belt loops of Cas’ pants and tugs his hips flush with his own. “You’re kinda hot like this,” he murmurs against Cas’ jaw as he plants a few kisses there.
you! And you may think that by ignoring it and trying to force things back the way they were before that you can lock up that Pandora’s Box again, but you can’t!
The morning before Cas got to meet his soulmate face-to-face was, undeniably, the longest of his life. His house had been scrubbed to an immaculate clean during the week, and he almost regretted not having a task to occupy his time. His clothes had been changed four separate times. His hair was…well it was the best he could manage.
Dean’s heart leapt into his throat, Cas’ love confession ringing in his ears. “Didn’t I stab you?” he joked weakly, deflecting the spiraling nerves that bubbled up in his chest.
“It’s a LARP thing.” Dean followed up with a link to their website. Cas clicked through it with an amused expression. He was familiar with this kind of hobby, but the thought of bow-legged, fish-catching, Midwestern boy Dean getting involved was pretty funny.
“Mornin’ Sunshine!” Dean croons at full volume, like he does every morning, because he’s kind of an asshole and secretly likes the way Cas scowls at Dean’s energy as he makes a cup of his terrible pumpkin spice coffee.
Dean rolls his eyes. Of course he wouldn’t understand. The dude eats low sodium turkey bacon. "I know you haven't had good,
"I’m learning for my sister-in-law." Dean stopped typing to make a sign Cas didn't recognize, followed by finger-spelling. Cas must have been much rustier than he thought, because he couldn’t even follow that, but he realized both had to be her name. Dean's eyes softened as he started typing again. About halfway through he laughed to himself, and the grin stayed in place until he hit send.
“Dean!” Sam shrieks. He lets his fork fall into his bowl and covers his face with both his hands. His voice is muffled, but it’s definitely a tormented whine. “I know this is a tough topic for you, but can you
“I dunno if I ever will,” he said quietly, a soft smile on his lips as he finally got to hold his angel.
Cas held up his hand in an awkward wave. “Hello,” he said, even though he was pretty sure they still couldn’t hear him.
start to move, stroking up and down Dean’s sides. Dean moans a little in encouragement and drags his hips against Cas’, letting him feel his growing bulge. Cas is already rigid in his pants, and Dean can’t help but chuckle under his breath as he cups Cas’ erection and squeezes gently.
“It really is a good birthdate,” Cas said awhile later. “I may have been alive for eons before then, but the day I met you was when I changed...That was when I really started living.”
Dean didn’t reply for almost an hour, and Cas had already gotten up from his computer. It wasn’t until evening that Cas saw it.
Dean can feel Cas’ quiet laugh against him more than hear it as Cas brings up his hand to caress his chest. “I suppose I can be persuaded to share a few things,” Cas says.
“No, uh…” He laughed under his breath and pointed out another one. “Can I have this one? Extra large.” Sam paused for a moment, his perfect plan solidifying further. He grinned mischievously. “Actually, I’ll take a couple of ‘em.”
At least, that was what Dean kept telling himself. Deep down, though, he was afraid that Cas’ feelings were changing.
The initial stretch as Cas pushes into him has Dean groaning into Cas’ mouth. His body is aching for Cas’ cock, thick and heavy, and as Cas fills him the fires of lust roar through his veins. Dean’s not sure if Cas can milk another orgasm out of him so soon, but dammit if Dean isn’t going to try.
Maybe Cas knew that Dean would screw things up if they got together. Maybe he was trying to pull away from Dean, make it easier to break things off when it all came crashing down.
Cas’ face lit up. “Oh, that was my language class in high school!” He raised his hands to sign something, then hesitated. It was so long ago, and he’d forgotten so much. He winced in embarrassment and settled his hands back on the keys. “I’m afraid I have forgotten…” He signed “a lot.” Or...he tried to. He wasn’t sure if it was right.
He made a beeline for his dresser and snatched the keys off the top. He itched to do something, to get up and move. Maybe he’d take Baby for a drive. Maybe go to that new bakery the next town over, buy himself a pie. As a treat. And he’d get one of those bear claws bigger than your head that Cas loved so much.
hard to stay still, to not hurt Cas, but then he remembers he doesn’t need to worry about that. He can fuck Cas’ throat as long as he wants, as hard as he wants. It won’t hurt Cas. Cas doesn’t even really need to breathe.
Dean flipped his book closed with as much malcontent as he could muster and stood up. “I need a break,” he declared to the room at large, and very pointedly ignored Sam’s annoyed “
At the doorway, Dean pauses and looks back. Cas is still blissfully unconscious, his breathing slow and heavy and relaxed. The second Dean got out of bed he snagged all the blankets and cocooned himself in them, but by now his hand is out, searching for Dean so he can wrap his arm around him again. When it fails to find him, it curls around Dean's pillow. Cas buries his nose in it and lets out a tiny coo of contentment.
Dean’s eyes flickered to Cas, who was edging toward their weapons bag. He tried to make the movement quick, but the ghost noticed. With a vicious growl she flung out her hand and Cas went flying into the far wall.
“Yes but you love me anyway.” Cas’ eyes widened before he hastily deleted what he’d typed. Nope, he was
“You don’t think I love you?” Dean choked out between gasps for air. His head was spinning. Cas’ hand on his shoulder helped a lot, but when Dean asked his question Cas quickly yanked it away. “How could you think that?” he said, genuinely confused.
to say what he really needs to say, but he can’t. He fights viciously with his own self-esteem, ripping at it, begging it to let him say more. “Please don’t leave,” he says, small and helpless, and it’s like moving a mountain to say that much.
"Huh?" Jack titled his head at Dean before his gaze trailed over to the bedside clock. "Oh. Sorry. I forgot to check the time."
Dean's not quite firing on all cylinders without coffee in his system, so he bangs his shoulder on the doorway as he rounds the corner into the kitchen, and he swears a blue streak on his way to the sink. He's still grumbling under his breath as he grabs the lid of Sam's shaker bottle from the side of the sink and washes it with as much malcontent as he can muster. Sam always forgets to wash it when he rinses out his bottle, and Dean always has to clean it the next morning so Sam doesn't get yesterday's nasty protein shake crap mixed in with today's. He sets it beside the clean bottle and makes himself some coffee.
Dean grunts in acknowledgement. Words are for after coffee. Sam starts making himself a protein shake without so much as a 'thank you' for cleaning his lid. Hell, he's probably not even aware Dean does it for him.
Dean wrinkled his nose and let out a long-suffering sigh. This guy. This was the guy Dean chose to spend his mornings flirting with. What exactly did that say about
Dean looks over at Cas. And, yeah, Dean gets the question. He’s a grown-ass man wearing cargo shorts, carrying a canvas bag with the most obnoxious sunglasses-wearing beach ball Dean has ever seen, and his hair looks like it's been electrocuted. Dean grins, feeling a rush of fondness for his dorky, criminally unfashionable angel.
Dean can’t help rolling his eyes as he shucks his open flannel, the very last of his clothes. “Dude. When have I
Now it was Dean’s turn to squirm. He made a face, but Cas saw the way he winced a little first. Dean hesitated before he started typing. “Just that first time. To make sure you didn’t look like a serial killer.” Cas arched an eyebrow at Dean, who winked back. Cas’ heart skipped a beat.
Cas smiled back. “Hello, Dean,” he said, and Dean couldn’t help it. He laughed. God, how he loved this angel.
Cas shrugged, not even pretending to be apologetic. “Much nicer looking than your crappy webcam suggested.”
Immediately the hallway burst into chaos. Doors slammed shut everywhere. The knick-knacks and travel guides on the accent table went flying through the air. The lights flickered until their bulbs burst, leaving only the light of the window at the far end to help them see.
“Better leave that attitude at home, bitch,” Dean said cheerfully. “It’s your anniversary, after all.”
Cas shifted. He wasn’t sure if he was pleased or self-conscious that Dean was commenting on his wardrobe. Maybe both. “Are you stalking my Facebook pictures, Dean?”
Cas frowned a little and pulled his hand back from the frame. He glanced around the ceiling and only relaxed when he saw an air-conditioning vent gently humming nearby. Dean shrugged it off and turned back to his laptop. He set right to work searching through the local newspaper archives and breaking into the coroner’s office servers. Finding their ghost was only a matter of time.
“I don’t think that’s necessary, Dean,” Cas said, not turning around. His voice sounded even more gruff than usual, which was certainly saying something.
He clicked back to their discussion thread. He definitely needed to learn more about Dean. “Have you tried cleaning out any lint? Sometimes that can cause issues.”
“Am I dreaming or something? Did you really get normal coffee? You feeling okay, buddy?” Dean had the desire to plaster his hand across Cas’ forehead to check his temperature, but he kept his hand to himself.
Sam paused at the top of the stairs and turned around. Almost like he could sense what was coming, his eyebrow twitched in irritation. Dean hucked a box up to the landing, and Sam fumbled to catch it. Dean flashed a shit-eating grin as Sam read the Trojan label and fixed him with a scowl. “Make sure you wrap it before you tap it, Sammy.”
Sam knew what Dean was trying to say. But he also knew if he so much as hinted that he knew before Dean was ready to tell him, Dean would probably have a breakdown.
Ten minutes of bickering and one triumphant “I told you so” from Cas later, and their mostly correct-looking pastry dough was chilling in the fridge. Somehow Dean also wound up with flour all over his chest and pajama bottoms. Cas tried to give him his apron back, but Dean insisted he keep it on. Any opinions on how silly and domestic Cas looked in an apron were wisely kept to himself.
“It really was,” Cas replies with a contented sigh. “That was… Thank you, Dean. That was amazing. Truly.”
“I dunno what I’d have done without you,” Dean mused around a sip of whiskey. A little more liquid courage. A little more and he could do this.
Cas nodded and made for the door. The lights were flickering again. He and Dean narrowly made it into the hallway when their bedroom door slammed shut behind them. They raced for the stairs and nearly collided with Susan.
Dean thinks of Cas’ face, the way he had smiled as he said he loved him. He thinks of how he was so close to having the one thing he really wanted. How Cas had wanted the same.
The words freeze in the air between them, sharp and strong, wedging themself right where Dean’s anger was just a moment ago.
Cas shrugged too. “I don’t know. If I’m going to spend the rest of my life with someone, I’d rather build a relationship with them instead of getting thrown into it right away.” “Too easy,” he signed, or hoped he signed. After a pause, he typed an addition, “Too weird.”
"Well...I can't fault someone for enjoying a good pickle burger," Sam says slowly. He doesn't meet Dean's eye, keeping his gaze down as he delicately stabs at his salad with his fork. He frowns at the cucumber slice he spears and carefully dislodges it from the prongs. "Especially if they really like, uh, pickles?" Sam cringes a little down at his greens. Dean can't blame him. It's a sad looking salad.
“Right. Yeah. I know.” This was it. This was the moment. Sam’s fingers itched to unbutton his flannel, but he waited. He needed absolute perfect timing.
Dean wanted to prod further about such an unusual name, but he caught a whiff of Cas’ new coffee drink and grimaced. “That smells like grandma perfume. What the hell did you order?”
Cas’ back became hard as marble. He lowered his head. “That’s enough, Dean,” he said softly. His voice trembled with some barely contained emotion Dean didn’t understand.
He also half expected Cas to dive in head first. No plan, not knowing what he was doing, only trusting blindly, the way Cas so often did. Satisfaction rumbled in Dean’s chest when Cas picked the latter.
Still, as Dean finally closes his eyes, he allows himself a small, private wish. He hopes this will be the last time he falls asleep alone.
Sam pops up from his elbows, dragging both hands through his hair as he frees his face from hiding. “I get it, dude. Okay? I get it. I mean...I
Cas’ eyes return to their usual brilliant blue, and he smiles back, warm and grateful. “Thank you, Dean.” His chest is puffed out, his chin raised--Cas is definitely showing off. Dean bites his lip against a laugh, because looking like that? The guy
“Mighty involved snack for two in the morning,” Dean remarked, undaunted. He kept dancing around Cas until Cas had no choice but to either let him see or shove him away. Cas chose the former, though he rolled his eyes spectacularly. There was a large lump of…well something. It was limp and soggy and had large, visible lumps of butter dotted throughout the flour mess. “Baking?”
Cas comes up behind Dean and rests his chin over his shoulder to watch him cook, like he’s too tired to even bother holding up his own head. Dean has to be careful how he moves his arm so he doesn’t burn himself on Cas’ hot mug, but he’d be lying if he said this wasn’t one of his favorite parts of the day. Cas tucked up against his back, sleep hazy and warm from their shared bed, those beautiful blues blinking owlishly as Dean makes food for their family.
Dean quickly smoothed down his reflexive scowl at the suggestion. It wasn’t this poor cashier’s fault she was forced to peddle whatever god-awful, frilly concoction the hippies who ran this coffee shop came up with each month. “Coffee,” he said, a hint of a frown still lingering. “Normal coffee. Make it a large.”
"Jack..." Dean sighed, dragging his hand down his face and sitting up in bed. "We've been over this. You promised not to come barging in here until at least 8:30."
Dean’s eyebrows rose. A smirk started to spread across his face, but it faded as he was typing. He appeared to delete everything he wrote and start again. “Honestly I’m just shocked to see you in something other than a doublet and pantaloons.”
Sure enough, there he was at the table. And sure enough, the pot of coffee Dean had made barely an hour ago was empty. Dean scowled at it, feeling irrationally annoyed that Cas hadn’t made a replacement pot even though Dean didn’t even
Dean first focused on wiping up the mess of cinnamon Cas had made when Dean came in and startled him. Once that was done he chanced a glance to Cas, who was mangling the hell out of his apple with the paring knife. Dean tisked at him. “Man, what’re you doing? You’re gonna peel off your own skin!” Dean reached over and yanked the knife from Cas’ hand. “Who the hell taught you how to use a blade?”
Cas’ mouth twitched in a wry smirk. “Not all guys. But definitely guys with profile pictures of themselves holding up a fish like they’re every dating app cliche.”
Cas swallowed thickly and tried to ignore the way his stomach twisted itself into excitable knots. He was getting ahead of himself. “Let me grab my laptop. Skype keeps crashing on my phone. I think the last update messed it up.” He followed up with his username. His blanket was tossed aside as Cas leapt up to grab his laptop from its bag. While it turned on, he settled back on the couch and muted the TV so he could better hear Dean’s call. With hasty and uncharacteristic self-consciousness, Cas dragged his hand through his hair a few times in a failed attempt to make it a little less messy.
“We made a cake!” Jack bounded over to Cas and practically dragged him to the kitchen counter. “Do you like it?”
look like my Marcy?!” Susan nearly flung herself into the circle with them. She clutched at her chest, casting her terrified gaze around the room.
And before Dean knew what hit him, Cas grabbed him by the arm and hauled him down onto his lap. Dean laughed in victory as he clung to the table with one hand to balance on the tiny stool. Cas planted a hand firmly on his ass to keep him in place.
“Pity,” Dean tsked as he drank his coffee. His heart panged in disappointment, even though it had no real reason to.
ever want to let go. Cas is slower to react, but when his arms finally wind around Dean, he breathes out a soft, sobbing gasp and clings to Dean. Dean turns his head to bury his nose in Cas’ hair. “Of course I do.”
“CAS...TEAL?” A second barista next to her called out a strange name. He looked down at the cup again. “A rose pink white chocolate mocha latte for Cas-teal?”
It was the first post Cas saw when he opened Facebook. It was an old college friend, with a wide, disbelieving smile on her face and her arms flung around a man and his dog. Countless reactions congratulated her and commented on their cute meeting. Apparently she helped the man chase down his escaped dog, only to realize that neither could hear the other person’s voice shouting. Cue their surprise and delight, and a hasty kiss to seal the deal and grant them the ability to hear each other’s voices, before they caught the dog together.
With an affectionate smile lighting up his flushed face, Cas steps back so Dean can get a good view. At first, nothing happens, but then the lights flicker, and the hair on the back of Dean’s neck stands on end. Cas gently rolls his shoulders, and his eyes fill with blue-white light as a pair of massive black shadows unfurl on the wall behind him. His wings arch out, glorious and awe-inspiring, covering every inch of the wall and then some, arching up along the ceiling, curling down along the floor.
“My angel,” Dean sighs, and Cas chokes out a broken, muffled sob of wanton need and starts to swallow around Dean’s dick like he needs it to live. Dean bites his lip against the intense pressure desperately clamped around the head of his cock, but he can’t last. In an instant he’s coming, hot and thick, straight down Cas’ eager throat. Pleasure pulses through his body so intense he’s afraid his knees might give out, and he throws his head back with a helpless groan as the last of his release is swallowed down.
“I like seeing you out of the trenchcoat,” Dean said, now using both hands to stroke up and down Cas’ skin. Cas tensed again. “I mean, you look good under all those layers,” Dean said hastily, afraid that the reminder of his waning Grace was too painful. “When did you get so beefy?” Dean slid his hands up to Cas’ shoulders and then down his thick arms. He squeezed them playfully as he shifted closer, letting his knees bump against him.
Susan smiled. “Well, if nightlife is your thing, there are some great spots within walking distance.”
. When ya got bacon in your burger, it automatically makes the burger a hundred times better. Can’t get enough of it!” Sam groans like he’s in pain.
Dean grinned from ear to ear and elbowed Cas. At Cas’ inquisitive eyebrow, Dean nodded his head to a shelf full of long-haired, sad-eyed blonde angels. Cas rolled his eyes while Dean laughed to himself.
Dean’s next message was through Messenger, not the sewing group. “You sew period costumes and you’re a beekeeper? You definitely have the weirdest hobbies.”
“Any caffeine is fine,” he assured her as he and Cas took their mugs. “So Susan, what is there to do around here? You know, other than what Yelp says. The insider’s scoop.” Dean winked as he took a sip of his coffee.
