Light flared from his extended hand, and Bill howled in agony. Too soon, it was over, and Cas rose, leaving Bill a huddled mass on the floor. He turned to Dean.
On those nights, Cas would put down his book, close his eyes, and step lightly into Dean’s mind.
The choices you make. And you made the choice, that night in Saginaw, to… to—”
Cas’ hands found his; he intertwined their fingers.
loved in return? To have unfettered love pouring out of Dean’s eyes, and know that it was all for Cas? Cas knew he could spend the rest of his long, long life trying to catalogue, to define this feeling, and he never could. He didn’t even try. He breathed it in. Basked in it. Felt the tears lining his eyes and let them come.
Then, “I never knew any of that.”
Dean felt his belly clench, desire coursing through him. All his life—all those women he fucked—he’d had to gentle himself, keep himself leashed, so he wouldn’t hurt them.
Cas kept his silence as they drove to a motel outside of town, but he took the lead in asking the man behind the front desk for a room. If Dean couldn’t be trusted to talk to Cas, God only knew what he’d say to a stranger.
Cas shook his head, fighting a smile. “Only you could find that funny.”
“How ‘bout that?”
Bill clapped him on the shoulder. “I insist.”
“So I never did it. Never even let them see that I could have. They wanted me to be pretty and submissive, so that’s what I was. But the whole time—the whole damn time, Cas, I was watching them. Their faces, the way their eyes moved, the way their voices sounded when they talked to me, their scars. Their tattoos.”
“To play with an axe.”
“You’ve never deserved it quite this fucking much.”
And he wanted to be marked right back.
“Sorry. Lost my train of thought for a second. You want a beer?”
In the dream, his eyes were always alight with agony, as though the dream forced him to feel all the pain he’d fought to deaden while in Hell.
They hadn’t lingered in town any longer than it took to wipe down Bill’s house and dispose of the body. It wasn’t hard—they’d both killed enough monsters posing as seemingly upstanding citizens to know how to leave the local police no trail of clues leading back to them. As soon as they were done, Dean led the way to where they had stashed Baby several blocks over, and they tore out of town and into the mountains. Neither of them spoke.
Dean took a deep breath. And another one. Then, staring into the worn motel carpet, he said, “If I tell you this… if I tell you this, you have to swear to me you won’t tell Sam.” He met Cas’ eye, then. He still looked afraid, but that fear was now locked in an ironclad determination. “If you tell him, you’re done with us—me and Sam. I mean it, Cas, I’ll never speak to you again, I swear to God. Never even look at you. Understand?”
Cas cocked his head, narrowed his eyes, and just like that, the insight came.
“Yes,” Cas said. “It does. I’m glad he’s dead too.”
“—bedroom.
“Stand
Dean came up behind Cas, wrapped his arms around him, and kissed his neck. There it was again—another overwhelming flood of happiness.
“Can’t be anything too bad,” Dean said cheerfully. “I got into Heaven, didn’t I?”
“We don’t do this. You don’t do this. You don’t kill humans.”
“Dean, I—”
“Hey!” the mechanic working on Baby called. “You’re all set. I can get you rung up over here.”
“You asked Billie to
“You planning on staying out here all day?” Dean asked.
Cas blushed, looking shyly at Dean. Dean’s green eyes were twinkling, and then he burst out laughing. He buried his face in Cas’ shoulder, shaking with laughter. Sam laughed too.
“Because we’ve met before, you and me. Once. Outside Saginaw. I was a kid.”
Cas blinked, looking confused. “I wasn’t joking. I really have evolved.”
“Because I want to know why you’re going to kill that man.”
“Why the hell not? Purgatory—that was a turning point for me, I think.”
“The world is better off without you.”
Dean blinked at him, then down at the man who had just, for the first time all night, gone white as a sheet. Dean looked back at Cas. “You can?”
“What kind?”
Cas slumped in his chair, idly running his finger along the embossed title of his book.
The words had echoed, unfading, as he’d stood dying in Sam’s arms in some random-ass barn. A barn not unlike the one he’d been standing in so many years before, on the night he’d met the creature who would one day utter them.
, he realized.
“Dean?”
But then… then Bill would still walk this Earth. He would remain unpunished for what he had done to Dean and to all the others. He wouldn’t be, at this moment, stretched out on some demon’s slab, undergoing an eon of torment for each of his sins. A world where Bill was still free couldn’t be better than this.
“I see you’re already letting him redecorate,” he said to Dean.
“Holy shit.”
“You’re weak, boy. Soft. You think I don’t know what you are? You’re gonna get yourself killed—get Sammy killed—and for what? You’re weak…”
Dean broke, throwing his head back and roaring with laughter. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he panted, wiping tears from his eyes. “I’m sorry, Cas, but you have to admit that’s so ridiculous that it’s funny.”
Next time. Dean swallowed. So maybe this wouldn’t be a final goodbye then. He’d wondered, the longer Cas stayed away, whether the angel had been glad to be rid of him—whether he would come back, as he always did, but only to say goodbye for good. Whether his new life at Jack’s right hand had made him realize that whatever feelings he thought he’d had for some messed-up human were really just the confusion and adrenaline of all the battles they’d fought together, building up until it seemed like there was something there that wasn’t.
Dean took another breath, shook his head sharply, and began:
Dean’s voice broke the silence. “Actually,” he said, “I do feel better in one way. Or I’m starting to.”
“I missed you, Dean,” Cas whispered. “Every moment. Every second, I missed you. I’m not gonna miss you anymore.”
“Ah, man, I spent thirty years out on the haul.”
it to go. He’d been imagining it since long before the angel had shown up outside his cabin tonight, and almost constantly since. But he felt the last scraps of that old fear inside him—the fear that someone might find out his true desires and think him less of a man for it. That he couldn’t be strong, and brave, and masculine if he were to let himself be dominated by someone else. He didn’t know how to ask.
A mixtape.
“Shit. I should’ve known you’d turn out to be a queer. You liked it too much. Makes sense you’d get yourself a strong one like him, too. I remember how you liked it when—”
Oh yes, Cas knew what it was to love, though it had taken him years to work out that that’s what all those confusing sensations added up to.
“Holy hell.”
Without turning, he said softly, “Cas. Where the hell have you been?”
It was slow and soft, the kiss. A whisper of a touch that stood in stark contrast to the thunder rolling through Dean’s whole body. But he held himself still, not wanting to go too fast, to frighten away this doofus he’d only just found again.
Until one night, when he emerged from a particularly gruesome version of the dream. It had been Jack on the slab this time, screaming about all the various cruelties Dean had shown him through his life. Dean had been weeping—violently sobbing as he cut into the boy. Cas knew full well the guilt Dean held onto for how he’d treated Jack. Both Jack and Cas had forgiven him for it a long time ago, but Dean couldn’t forgive himself.
“I won’t let you do this, Dean.”
“Yeah, man, I was pretty messed up. You know how I was with Jack at first—I think I blamed him for you dying. I couldn’t bear that he got to be alive and you didn’t I just. God, I was so mad and lost and I just couldn’t figure out how to climb my way out of it. Came across Billie during a hunt and asked her to just end it. She said no, and good thing because I found out you were back that same day.”
, and on some level the tattoo shows that. Can’t separate myself from that one without becoming someone I don’t want to be. Suppose that’s true of the handprint too.”
“After…” he stopped, swallowed. “After the Empty took you, I had the dream every night. Always you. For weeks. Listing all the shitty things I’d done and said. All the ways I’d pushed you away, just ‘cause I was too chickenshit to tell you I loved you. Hell, to tell myself I loved you.”
“Yeah. Continuously, off and on, for a few decades.”
Poetry. He liked poetry best, but he didn’t understand half of it. All he knew was poetry made him feel the way old rock and roll made Dean feel. He liked that.
He didn’t know how to cope with all he was feeling. His true form was vast—far larger and more complex than the compressed form he’d shown Dean the night before—but somehow there was simply no room within him for the happiness he felt now. It had taken over control of his body, this happiness. He didn’t know how to make his lips stop smiling, to banish the butterflies from his stomach. To shake the sensation that he’d changed more in the last twelve hours of his life than he had in the millennia that came before.
“Don’t worry Cas—lots of boys find they can’t control themselves when they go through the Big Change.”
He turned then, and looked at Cas, a light in his eyes that Cas had only ever caught bare glimpses of before, when he’d turn to find Dean watching him. Whenever it happened, Dean would turn away before Cas could try to decipher it, and Cas would be left to wonder what the look had meant, and if he had imagined it, and why it had made his heart pound in his throat.
“I tell you, man,” Dean said. “This place… the moment I saw it, I knew it was
“No—God, please, no. I won’t—NO…” And so on. And whispered between the pleas, a name: Alastair.
Dean did look at him, then, and gave a wry smile. “Hell, Cas, killing ourselves for each other? That’s kind of our thing. Funny, isn’t it? Always so willing to give something the other one would never want.”
Cas reached his door to the den first—it was dim, lit only by a floor lamp and the flickering of the TV. Bill was in a recliner facing towards the TV and away from Cas. Cas scowled when he saw the old spaghetti Western he was watching. Dean loved Westerns. Bill didn’t deserve them.
Dean blinked in disbelief. “Well, damn.”
“You expect me to feel sorry for you? Poor little monster, can’t control himself?”
“Well, it’s a Bible thing.”
“Why.”
He unfastened the pants at last, pulled them down, and…
Cas nodded, still not meeting his eye. Dean rolled his eyes, “Come here, man,” he said, walking forward like his heart wasn’t pounding, and wrapping Cas in a hug like he hadn’t been longing to do just that for a long, long time.
He stayed silent through it all, because if he knew anything about Dean, it was this: when his chin was set like that, and his eyes were that hard and unyielding, there was no point in asking him a damn thing.
“I’m with you, Dean. Let’s go.”
“You won’t,” Dean answered. He surged forward and punched Bill square in the jaw, so hard that the bigger man staggered back against his recliner. Bill pushed himself up, but didn’t move against Dean. Dean waited, fists up, then pushed forward with a left hook to the other side of Bill’s jaw, and a jab to the abdomen.
Dean nodded. Cas leaned back in his chair, resting his head against the back. He closed his eyes, and within a moment, his body began to glow. Ribbons of silver arced out of the body and then back in, coalescing and rising up to form something resembling a human shape. The figure stood, leaving the vessel behind and stepping a few steps away.
That molten pit inside Cas shifted, expanded. “I’ll never tell,” he said, and he meant it. Nothing was worth losing them. Him.
Dean smiled, pressed a kiss against his forehead, nodded. “Let’s go home,” he agreed.
“Dean,” Cas replied, voice muffled by the kisses he was trailing between Dean’s shoulder blades. He pressed his forehead onto Dean’s back, pumping faster and deeper into Dean, his breath coming short.
Cas raised an eyebrow. “Can’t say I blame you.”
“I’m almost sad we have to leave, aren’t you?” Dean asked.
“It better,” Dean grumbled.
Cas cocked an eyebrow. “Couldn’t have put it better myself,” he said. Then a shy smile spread across his face. “Garth and his wife volunteered to be guinea pigs for the spell. It was hard on them but… they’ll be ready soon. They’re coming to Heaven, Dean.”
His face, though…
Cas was quiet so long that Dean wondered if he was going to respond at all, but he couldn’t bring himself to look over at him.
“What? No.”
Cas would kiss his forehead and hold him late into the night. At some point, he would get up, stretch his legs, pull a chair up to the bedside, and read his poetry. Keeping his watch.
An echo of a time when everything between them was still unsaid.
He stopped himself before he could say
Cas paused, thinking. “Imagine taking a nine-volt battery and trying to fill it with all the power of the sun.”
“Archangeling?” Dean shrugged. Cas said, “I’ve actually been spending a lot of time in Purgatory, since you mention it.”
Dean breathed deep again, and nodded. He looked down at the carpet again, and his eyes took on a faraway cast—like he was seeing something that Cas couldn’t.
Cas stepped forward, into Bill’s line of sight. Bill met his eye, and Cas let him see—in the set of his jaw, the ice-blue of his eyes—that this angel had no mercy to offer him. To his credit, there was a spark of fear in Bill’s muddy brown eyes. Then they flicked to Dean, then back to Cas, then back to Dean again. A cruel grin stretched across his face.
He added up all these feelings, noticing another twist in his gut when he saw Dean clap a mechanic on his shoulder and burst out laughing at something he’d said.
“You know what the worst part was? Well… one of the worst parts. Even then, I could’ve killed any one of them. Big as they were, strong as they were, scary as they were…I’d already taken down bigger, and stronger, and scarier. That was how I kept myself sane, while it was happening. I’d be lying there, counting out how many moves it’d take for me to get the knife out of my shoe and into their windpipe. But I couldn’t. Because Sam was sick and the last thing I needed was to bring the cops knocking at our motel room, asking about a trucker found dead with my fingerprints all over him. And even if they’d let me off, they’d have told Dad and Sam what I’d done, and… I couldn’t handle them knowing.
“Hmm?”
Or maybe he really had meant a brotherly sort of love that day in the bunker. But the way he’d looked at him. The things he’d said. That hadn’t felt brotherly to Dean.
No shock this time, but the feel of the angel’s eyes on him still sent a burst of energy searing through him that was all too human. It made him want to run, to sing, to fight, to fuck. It made him want to flex. He was still shirtless, for God’s sake—it made him want to rip off his jeans as well. Made him wonder, not for the first time, what Cas looked like beneath all those layers. What he felt like. What it would feel like to hold him in his hand and feel Cas rise at his touch. He wanted to know the taste of him. The way his hair would feel between his fingers, the way his earlobe would feel between his teeth. The way his hands would feel as they pushed Dean down onto the bed.
“Three times,” he muttered, almost to himself. “It happened three times…”
They turned together toward the kitchen, so they could slip out the back door and into the night.
“What?”
Cas looked at him, then quickly looked away. Dean knew he should probably put on a shirt, but he liked the thought that those spots of color on Cas’ cheeks might be because of him. “I thought it was polite to wait to be invited in,” Cas rumbled.
“You’re so beautiful.”
He was smiling more freely now, watching the angel more freely. Thank God for beer. Everything felt a little less terrifying with a couple in him. Cas smiled back at him, and Dean felt his heart pick up in tempo.
He knew now, better than he had before, what it was to have his own mind breached and violated. He vowed never to let himself cross that line again—especially not with Dean.
“You mean
Dean grinned.
Dean gave that tiny smile again, and Cas’ heart stuttered at the sight. “I don’t know,” he answered. “Should I? I don’t think I really expected to. I’ve exacted revenge more than the average guy, and I don’t think I ever actually felt better afterward. I’m glad he’s dead. Does that count?”
With a quick nod to Cas—Bill’s first acknowledgement that he was even there—he went off to see to Baby. Dean walked over to the register and let Chris check him out, but at no point did he take his eye off Bill, who had ducked under her hood, had his hands in her engine. There was something in the narrowing of Dean’s eyes, the twist of his mouth. Cas thought it might be revulsion.
Cas got Dean’s jeans undone, and Dean tried to crawl off him so he could shimmy them off. Cas was faster. Stronger. He shot up, until they were kneeling face to face, slid his hands into Dean’s jeans and gripped his ass. He kissed him deeply, letting one hand—one finger—dip lower.
But Dean wasn’t turning away now. Cas’ mouth fell open a bit—he couldn’t look away.
Dean crossed his arms, leaning against the doorframe. “You probably should,” he said.
Castiel leaned against the wall of the garage, wishing he could just leave. Hot and cold didn’t bother him the way the humans felt it, so he wasn’t pouring sweat the way everyone else in the garage was. But that didn’t mean he couldn’t feel the stuffiness of the air—the way it felt stale and thick and tepid against his skin.
Other times, Cas would look at Dean and inspiration would strike. It would be like looking through a window—he’d see a truth that Dean was trying to hide spelled out clear as day. It had happened that night in the barn, the first time they’d spoken. He’d seen the set of his face, the way he turned away from the being who had given him salvation, and realized all at once.
“Both times.”
“With a crack in his chassis. Yeah, I remember.”
At long last, as they rounded a bend high up on a mountain, he tried again. “Dean.”
Love. Dean… Dean was saying that he loved him. Loved
“How is your family?” Cas asked after a while, sounding almost shy.
Bill looked down and laughed. “Glad somebody does. I was nineteen and stupid, and figured this would be a good way of convincing Sarah to marry me. Didn’t work.”
He heard the angel walking toward him from across the room, but he didn’t turn. “I told you,” Cas said. “It was a long transition.”
Cas’ mind flashed to the ugly anchor tattoo on Bill’s arm, and that molten pit inside him began to curdle.
He stopped when the music stopped—he’d reached the end of the album already. How long had he been out here? He propped the axe head-down on the stump and leaned against the handle, chest expanding and contracting.
Dean watched Cas look out over the valley. “Can I ask you something?”
Dean swallowed.
Dean looked away, clenching his jaw against the wound he could feel opening up in his chest. “You said you loved me, Cas. If you didn’t mean it, or if you were wrong, or… or if you changed your mind, I can understand that. But we’ve been through too much together for you not to have the balls to come tell me to my face.”
“Really?”
“Exactly,” Cas managed to answer, while Dean slammed him flat on the bed. Dean straddled Cas, grinding his hips against his cock while he unbuckled his own jeans. He felt Cas’ fingers against his and left him to the task. Dean leaned forward and kissed the angel hard, digging his fingers into the hard muscle of his shoulders.
“Yep. A long transition.” He turned then, letting eighty years of hurt show in his face. Cas was standing halfway across the kitchen, looking lost. “With long breaks in between—long enough for you to remake Heaven, devise a spell with Rowena, save the good monsters from Purgatory, and learn to make fucking sunflowers. But somehow—”
myself. And do my best to push away the feeling.”
He forced himself to hold Cas’ gaze while the angel processed all that. Cas swallowed, smiled a little, looked away. Dean grinned and dug into his hamburger.
Cas beamed. “I know,” he said. “That part never gets old. The creating.” Cas raised his bottle in a cheers and drank deep. Dean lapsed into silence, watching his new crop of sunflowers slowly shift and turn to face the sinking sun.
He felt better. He’d never really been into exercise before, in life. He hadn’t needed to be. Who needed to go try to out-douche the bros at the gym, when there were monsters to chase, buildings to break into, and vampire heads to be lopped off? Sam was the one who felt like he needed to run and do that yoga crap on
Bill had finally sputtered into silence. Dean’s voice rang out to fill it. “You know what else you have in common with those monsters, Bill? You’re clever. You’re determined. And you’ll always find a way to follow your nature.”
“I won’t, Dean. Not until you tell me why.” He took a breath. “If I like your reason, I’ll let you go.”
“You don’t seem surprised.”
Cas smiled. “You haven’t changed either. Except you seem happier.”
The knife in Dean’s hand would flash, mutilating his victims further, but the blood that coated him wasn’t just theirs. With every word they said to him, a fresh cut would open up on Dean’s own body, oozing blood down his arms, his legs, his face. Soon the only clean skin to be found on him was in the tracks his tears made through the blood on his cheeks.
“How long do they say it’ll be?”
Dean’s face twisted onto something ugly, something hard to look at. “That man,” he ground out, “is not an innocent.”
“What do you mean, you want to see me?”
“Cas,” he said softly. “
for the burgers?”
Cas was watching him now, wide-eyed, an awed smile on his face, and Dean realized:
A swooping in his midsection might be nerves or the nearness of someone he loved.
could you have asked her to kill you, Dean?”
Dean grunted an acknowledgement of the truth in that. “Right.” Then he perked up. “Why not both? Picture it: garage in the front, bar in the back. Like the mullet of small businesses.”
But Bill wouldn’t, and all at once, Cas saw what he was doing. He knew he was going to die. He even welcomed it. But he was going to try to break Dean in the process. He knew, somehow, in the way that monsters always know how to cut the deepest, that Dean would add the act of killing a man lying prone at his feet to a long list of sins he felt he had to atone for. And in that small way, Bill was going to win this fight.
Once, when Dean was fourteen and out on a hunt with his father, John was injured. He sent Dean back to the car to drive into town for help.
Cas shrugged. “I can heal, can’t I? This is just… the opposite of that.” Dean was listening now, considering. Cas took a step toward him slowly, as though he was trying to calm a panicked animal. “He’s never been a man. Not with the way he preys on the weak, not with the way he won’t even bring himself to fight you fair. Let’s take away the one part of himself he values and then leave him to rot.”
“Yeah, you died. You died because of me. Because I got us into an unwinnable situation. But then you came back, and didn’t think to come and let me know I could stop killing myself with that guilt? The guilt that your feelings for me
Dean’s blinked several times, willing his mind to process what he’d just heard. “Garth—he’s coming
He picked up what looked like a laminated badge hanging from a lanyard. It was too dark, and Cas was too far away to read what was on it.
He felt scared for his father, sure. But that fear was crowded out by another feeling, shaken into life by the rhythm of the motor. Dean felt alive, unfettered. He felt his heart pounding out a tattoo in his chest, but rather than being afraid, he was
of all that.
“You said you’d killed her. You said I was safe…”
Dean let out a bark of laughter. He shook his head, smiling. “I have no fucking clue,” he said.
Let me see who you are.”
“Dean, I’m serious.”
“But sometimes, we needed something I couldn’t steal. Like when Sam got really sick, and I needed money for a doctor. Turned out just to be strep, but I didn’t know that at the time, and he was being all dramatic—I managed to convince myself he was dying. Or sometimes I was just too… I was too young to get a job. So I needed to find a way to get money.”
Cas gave a crooked smile and shrugged again. “You tell me.”
The living room area took up the front half of the house—the ceiling here sloped upwards to the peak two stories up, bolstered by massive wooden rafters. The back half of the ground floor consisted of a huge kitchen to the left, and a dining area to the right. Huge windows lined the back wall, but the curtains were covering them now, since the sunset was about to send light streaming into the house.
Whatever it was that Dean had to say, Cas dreaded to hear it.
He breathed deep, letting it crackle through his body until he felt wide awake, ready for battle. He realized that Dean was watching him warily. Unsure, maybe, how Cas would react to this news—unsure if Cas would see him differently. It would be just like Dean to think this story might have reflected poorly on him.
Dean would close his eyes, shudder, sigh. He’d turn to face him then.
A smile devoid of any humor slashed across Dean’s face now. “What can I say? I’m in the mood for trying new things.”
The dread was all-consuming now. Cas could feel that molten pool in the pit of his stomach sending icy tendrils through the rest of his body, leaving him cold and keeping him still.
Cas smiled. He opened a path for Sam through the flowers, and began the first day of eternity with his family.
Cas was here. He could just be happy about that.
Dean bellowed and charged, ramming Bill’s abdomen with his shoulder, sending the man careening up and over the back of his recliner. He stalked around the toppled chair and stood over Bill. “Stand up. Stand up, and fight.”
Cas blushed. “Yeah, well, it didn’t come easy.”
Dean shrugged. “Not me. I had every scar I ever earned when I got here, and for a while after, too. At some point, they started disappearing. Couldn’t figure out why, until after Dad and I finally patched things up. See, he’d apologized for everything before, a bunch of times, but I never could forgive him. ‘Til one night, we were all sitting around his and Mom’s fire pit, and he made some stupid joke, and I just looked at him and realized—he’s just a person. Even then, after all that time, I still expected him to be a superhero. To be able to do and be
Dean pushed up from his chair, ignoring the ache in his eyes. Cas’
Cas surged forward, grasping the sides of Dean’s face in a grip that hurt. He crushed his lips into Dean’s, drinking deep after millennia of thirst. He drove Dean back across the kitchen to crash into the counter, and Dean let him.
Bill went so still Cas wondered if he had stopped breathing. “Oh,” he said finally.
Emotions may still be a mystery, but authority was something that angels understood intrinsically.
“Cas, you—” he reached out a hand to touch him, and Cas flung out a hand, a stream of his power whipping out and launching Dean across the room to crash against one of the columns.
“I had to ask.”
, Dean thought, as he climbed the steps to his porch.
He could feel Cas watching him intently. “How is it having them both?”
They would scream when Dean cut into them, but worse was what they said to him between the cuts. The way their eyes would burn with hate and disgust when they looked at him and said their peace.
He hadn’t
“Good,” Cas answered. “I don’t plan on being done with you for a long, long time.”
Another flood of happiness washed through him. God, was there no end to it? He bathed in the happiness. Drowned in it. He never, never wanted to come up for air.
Cas kept his eyes trained on his knees. “When Jack brought me back from the Empty, he brought me back as an archangel.”
Bill doubled over, clutching his stomach and wheezing from his bruised and broken mouth. But still he didn’t move.
Cas confronts Dean as he prepares to go after Bill.
The trench coat came off first. Dean peeled it off with one hand, while his other palmed the back of Cas’ head, holding him steady while he licked and sucked just beneath his jaw. Once free of the coat, Cas’ hands slipped under Dean’s t-shirt, tracing each muscle and line. They rose higher and higher, until Dean had to raise his arms and let the shirt come off. He lowered them, just to take Cas’ tie in hand.
Dean and Cas confront Bill.
“You—you love…”
Dean looked up then, eyes wide and almost—almost frightened, but too proud to show it. The way a fourteen-year-old boy might have felt long ago, alone in a dark parking lot.
He’d lean forward and whisper in Dean’s ear, “Come with me. You don’t belong here.”
Bill sprawled on the floor and gave that broken grin again. “No.”
Cas watched him now, white-knuckling on the steering wheel as he drove them up a steep incline, and wondered if he’d let his own wrath get the better of him. He’d come a long way since he’d found the Winchesters, but sometimes Cas still found himself falling back on old habits—and he’d been taught from his earliest days that, when an angel is wronged, the proper response is to smite the one who wronged them.
Cas nodded once, firmly. “Gladly. He was a monster, hunting children in the night. You rid the world of those monsters, Dean, you don’t need to apologize for it.”
Disgust twisted across Dean’s face, and his breathing came rough. “Do you remember me?” Bill didn’t answer. “
“Tell me why.”
Bracing himself, trying to relax, Dean leaned forward and took as much of him in his mouth as he could. It was nowhere near far enough, but he heard Cas let out a tiny cry of pleasure when he pressed up against the back of Dean’s throat, and Dean fought to hold it for as long as he could, cupping the shaft with his tongue and feeling his own cock twitch in pleasure at the pleasure he was giving Cas.
Again.
he’d choose this spot, of course. He’d designed a few different places for him. A Kansas-like prairie. A quiet, wooded lake. The beach he’d always talked about retiring to. He’d put them near the various places where the people Dean loved had set up their homes, hoping that would make it more likely he’d find them.
And maybe that’s true. But they—and you—can help what they
“I could have fucking
He opened his eyes to see Cas’ bright blue eyes, shining with welling tears, a smile on his face that looked almost holy. Dean had seen the smile before—the first time Cas had told him he loved him. The day he’d died. Then, he’d been plagued by confusion and self-loathing, knowing that a creature as good as Cas had no business loving someone like himself. Now, he just let the smile fill him, fuel him. Maybe he’d never really believe that he deserved it, but he wasn’t as foolish now as he’d been. If Cas was willing to put up with Dean, even for a day—willing to give him love and accept Dean’s—Dean wouldn’t waste a single goddamn second questioning it. He would just accept it. And be grateful for it.
He fell silent. Cas had long since released the pressure holding Dean into his seat, but Dean didn’t move, lost in thought and memory. Cas, too, had gone quiet. It wasn’t that he didn’t feel anything, because he did. He felt so many things. He felt a vast, echoing sorrow for Dean. For the child he’d been and for what those men had taken from him. He felt a boiling anger for John, and even—unfairly, he knew—for Sam, for the parts they had played in driving Dean to believe he’d had to do this. For giving him no one else to turn to. He felt that old, familiar need to reach out and hold Dean and to tell him he wasn’t alone, though even Cas knew that now would be the worst of all possible times to make that move.
Dean sucked in a breath. “Goddammit,” he whispered. Then louder, “Goddammit
He raised his eyes slowly to meet Cas’. He could have laughed at the panic in the angel’s face, but just at this moment nothing seemed funny. He smiled, though. Because everything in this whole world was good tonight.
. You tried to
“As much as I ever was a child, yeah.”
Dean nodded. “Just—just do me a favor and remind me from time to time that I did the right thing.”
The real you. Your true form.”
Cas was there, still in his old vessel, arms hanging uncertainly at his sides. He narrowed his eyes, cocked his head. “Dean… a cat had nothing to do with me being here.”
“If you’d seen it when you were alive, it would’ve killed you.”
“I thought you loved me, Dean. You were supposed to love me, but you left…”
Cas sighed. “Dean,” he said softly. But Dean shook his head sharply, and Cas lost his nerve. The silence gathered and intensified for another hour, as Dean barreled down the mountain roads as though he was being pursued by something he was desperate to outrun.
it? Some new bell and whistle of angelhood?”
“Dean, I—”
The polished wood porch stretched the length of the house, scattered with rocking chairs and edged with more carved columns, this time covered with objects and emblems that only Dean and those he loved would understand. The amulet Sam had given him. The Colt. Baby. The First Blade. A rabbit’s foot. An angel blade. A tie hanging backwards.
“More practice at what?”
He was leading the way over to a couple rocking chairs, so he didn’t see the bashful look that crossed Cas’ face at his words. They settled in the chairs and watched as the sun began to sink towards the mountains in the distance. Dean took a swig from his beer.
Dean smiled. “He did deserve it. Took me a while before I really understood all the reasons why. Took him a while too. But we kept at it. I’ve been trying to reckon, see, with all the things I tried to push away and not think about when I was alive. All those things that were making me miserable, and so fucking angry all the time, because I never bothered to
Bill took a breath. “I always figured one of you would do me in—in the end.”
What was left was something feral.
Bracing himself, praying that Dean wouldn’t push away, Cas let his cheek rest against Dean’s hair, his lips just grazing the outer shell of his ear. Cas wasn’t happy—how could he be when Dean was in such pain?—but he couldn’t help the way his heart felt too big inside his chest, his skin felt too hot any place it touched Dean’s, his mind scrambled to remember every detail, every moment of
Dean nodded. “You. Yep. You got the basics down.”
His release welled up within him to fill the cracks between these feelings, until there was nothing left. No more room inside him. All the shame and doubt and self-hatred of his life was crowded out by these more perfect feelings, until he thought he would burst.
“Most people get here and immediately wish for a mansion or a penthouse or some elaborate treehouse or something, just because it’s something they never had in life. This cabin, though, it looks like it really belongs to you.”
” he demanded, stepping closer, and bringing the gun up to aim at Bill’s chest.
He raised his gun and fired.
After he and Dean finally came clean to each other about how they felt, nights in the bunker became even better. There was less solitude. Much less quiet.
Dean instinctively looked down at his chest, but he’d finally relented and put on a t-shirt against the cooling air. He raised an eyebrow at Cas, who shrugged.
,” Dean spat. “Was the last of the three. He found me at the dark end of the parking lot of that truck stop outside Saginaw, and he was just as friendly and just as chatty as he was today. Made me think he was an ok guy—for a pervert. A safer choice than some of the others I’d seen. But as soon as he had me in the back of his cab…” Dean didn’t go on, but the look in his eyes, the muscle ticking in his jaw, said enough. “After him, I knew I’d sooner starve than do it again.”
now? God, it
“I’m going out, Cas,” he said, throwing his bag on one of the beds and digging around in it for something. Cas swallowed when Dean pulled out a massive knife.
His eyes were starting to water when Cas pulled back. He knelt down too and crushed his lips into Dean’s, whispering “What the fuck” whenever he came up for air.
“Stand up,” Dean ordered. “Cas, let him up.”
He stopped short. Cas watched as Sam took in his half-dressed state and his rumpled hair. He looked again at the yard, then up at the window to Dean’s bedroom, and a smile began to stretch across his face.
“Spoil sport,” Dean grumbled.
Dean grinned, leaning back in the chair. “You seem like the same old Cas to me. Brave and weird and awkward and—”
now that he’d loved this nerdy angel with all he had, ever since Cas had turned from Heaven just to help him. Maybe before. Admitting it to himself was more than he’d been able to manage for a long, long time—until the day his whole heart had stood before him with shining eyes and spent his last minutes alive telling Dean that he was good and loving, before plunging into a void that, for all he’d tried until the day he died, Dean didn’t have the power to pull him out of.
“It’s been too long, Cas. Come on inside.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, eyes looking out across the mountains, watching fingers of light creep in from the east. “Those three nights… I told myself at the time that I could handle it, that I could just do what I had to do, and then head back to Sam. Leave it all behind. But they fucked me up, man. It took me a long time to realize how much. But they fucked me up.”
Cas was unyielding. “Law enforcement had decades to take care of him and they didn’t manage it.”
,” he cried out without meaning to. “Fuck, Cas…”
Dean grinned. “Just taking in the sights.”
“Why?”
Dean felt those words ring out in his soul the way they always did. The way they did when he went to sleep, when he swung his axe, when he drove his car. It never left him alone, the memory of that gravelly, beloved voice saying what Dean had never even admitted to himself that he wanted to hear.
Cas hand gripped tighter around his cock, and Dean groaned at the friction of his palm and the press of his fingers. He felt
Cas started, pushed away from the column and raced to the far end of the porch, but not before Sam could yell, “Dean! What the hell did you do?”
Dean smiled. “Good. Sam and Eileen have got a house on the next ridge over—maybe a ten-minute walk. They didn’t build theirs though. Would have taken their attention away from reading all the lost lore books they can find and talking to ancient hunters about how they managed to kill werewolves before bullets were a thing.”
Cas frowned, finger absently etching a circle around the mouth of his bottle. “Just my angelhood, but yeah.”
“Dean—”
Dean laughed too. He tried to think of something clever to say, but his mind felt scrambled. He felt Cas’ stubbly cheek nestle between his shoulder blades, and sighed. They lay there for a long time, listening to the rain pounding against the windows. Dean hadn’t even noticed when it started.
I had a mountain of shit to work through, Cas, and I needed you there for it. Where the hell were you?”
But all those feelings were muffled, shunted to the background to make way for what had come surging up out of that yawning pit in his stomach, filling him with the kind of focus and purpose he hadn’t felt since the days when he’d been sure he was a noble warrior of God.
Slowly, reluctantly, he began to untangle himself from Dean. It took a few minutes—their arms and legs were intertwined and even in his sleep, Dean seemed reluctant to let Cas go. But soon enough, Cas was up, working the kinks out of his back and neck. He leaned over the bed, kissed Dean on the forehead, and left the room, grabbing his pants and putting them on along the way.
“I had to shake the hand of the man who drives that beauty,” the man said in a raspy voice. “Not every day my garage gets a lady like her in here.”
The house was small, but Cas was surprised at how clean it was. It didn’t feel right that someone like Bill should be living in a clean place. Cas wanted him in filth and squalor. Something to match the evils he’d done.
Cas imagined he could see the words, so long unsaid, hovering between them, shining in the new day’s light. Dean looked at him and smiled, and Cas thought he looked ten years younger than he had the day before.
He knew it was juvenile, and probably came from all that toxic masculinity Sam was always warning him about but—he felt a raw pleasure at being the first. He ran his thumb hard up the underside of the shaft while he sucked on the head, then wrapped his fingers around the shaft—God, they barely touched—and gripped, pumping hard.
He pulled back, hating every inch of distance between them, watching Cas’ face carefully. The angel was as flushed as Dean felt. His eyes were a bit dazed. He blinked once. Twice. Then his gaze met Dean’s, and Dean watched as something seemed to crack open inside those blue eyes. All those years of control shattered in an instant.
Dean was quiet for a long time. Then, “So to stop the dream forever, all I have to do is…”
His body tensed, his muscles flexed. He pressed back into Cas, who was pounding out a frantic rhythm now, and reached back to find Cas’ free hand braced in the covers. He laced his fingers with his and gripped tight as the release crashed over him, racing out from his core to each far corner of his body. He roared, rolling his eyes back as Cas’ hand grew slippery on his cock.
He was silent for so long, Cas though he might not answer. Then, “The human kind.”
“But—but you were a
Cas laughed quietly. “You know what I think?”
Dean laughed. “Women.”
“No.”
Cas’ hands slid up Dean’s chest and clasped the back of his neck—fingers threading through his hair, thumbs stroking the stubble on his jaw. The way he’d imagined a thousand, thousand times. Dean’s arms snaked around Cas’ back, holding him tight against his body until Cas could feel exactly how much Dean desired him pressing into his hip.
It slammed into Dean, shoving him across the room and into the room’s only threadbare chair. Dean thrashed and struggled, but the force was too much for him. He went limp, but the look he shot at Cas was pure, murderous rage.
He leaned forward, closing the gap between them, and pressed his lips to Cas’. Cas froze, consumed by the fire that laced from the point where Dean’s lips met his through his entire body. They stood still, lips touching, fists clasped between their chests, as though afraid that one move would spook this newborn thing between them and send it running to a place they’d never find it again.
Cas. Long time no see. Have a good night?”
“Wait, are you telling me that good monsters can come to Heaven now? And be cured of their… monsteriness?”
Cas climbed the stairs slowly, running his fingers up the polished wood railing, and then up one of the carved oak columns that supported the roof. Dean tried not to watch his trailing fingers.
“I’ll squint.”
But, he reasoned, he could admit to
Dean couldn’t smile around the stretch of his mouth, but he let a wicked gleam enter his eyes as he flicked his tongue, hard, against the underside of the head. Cas let out a groan. Dean watched him close his eyes and clench his jaw as he worked his tongue along Cas’ shaft, deeper and deeper. He’d pull back, let his tongue play lightly on the tip, then plunge in a little deeper.
When Baby had broken down in western Colorado, Cas had thought Dean’s grumpiness at not having the parts to fix her would be the worst he’d have to deal with. Dean objected on principle to having to call a tow truck for the Impala.
“Why waste time with stairs, I always say.”
Dread.
Cas sighed. “The others had billions of years to get their power under control before they ever had to try to fit themselves in a human vessel. Jack kept this one safe for me, because—well, I suppose I got used to it. But it was a long time before I could wear it without ripping it apart.”
Cas waited for Dean to appear in the opposite door. In the meantime, he scanned the den and the rest of the house that he could see for any sign of anyone else, but all signs pointed to Bill living alone. Good. Cas hoped he was lonely. His eyes flicked back again and again to the beefy forearm and hand he could see resting on the arm of the recliner, the barest glimpse of that tattoo peaking from beneath his rolled-up sleeve.
“Why are you doing this?” Bill asked, breathing heavily.
A hitch in his breath might be shock or delight.
“You know, when we were growing up, that our dad used to be gone for weeks at a time. Sometimes months. When he was out on hunts.”
Dean didn’t miss the shadow that passed across his face. He pulled back his hand, but stayed leaning in, trying to read the angel’s expression. “It was awful, wasn’t it?”
“Three times… twice when I was thirteen and once when I was fourteen. Three times we needed money, and I—I did what I had to do.” He took a breath. “I found the nearest truck stop, and I turned tricks.”
“I can erase it, if you—”
Cas nodded. Dean made his way back into the kitchen, not noticing that the angel he left behind looked just as breathless as he felt.
Cas nodded. “That’s understandable.”
Dean sagged against the column. Watching him. Feeling suddenly tired. Always backing away. Always coming so close and then giving up. Did Dean have to be on the verge of death for Cas to admit that he cared? Or was that the only time he did care? He sighed and walked over to the table to gather the plates.
Dean looked down at the man, at the fear in his eyes, and nodded. Bill moved now, scrambling backwards across the floor, until he hit the wall. With a thought, Cas reached out with his power and held him there. He approached the man slowly, making his face the stoic, holy terror it always used to be. He crouched in front of him.
He felt Cas smile through his own lips. Cas’ tongue flicked, running a shivering line across Dean’s upper lip.
“I said what I said.”
He was tall—the crown of his head nearly brushing the ceiling. His wings spread wide enough that one tip touched the wall, and the other pushed past the columns into the living room. His body was roughly the shape of a man, but he wasn’t
But, somehow, he’d never really settled.
Dean rolled his eyes as he laid slices of cheese over the burgers. “That’s all you got from that whole speech?”
“So, why did that stop?”
” Cas squeaked.
But all he could give him was space and silence.
Dean kept walking, breathing hard, but with clear eyes at last. The wildness that had set in as he watched Bill put his hands in Baby back in the shop had gone out of them now, and he simply looked tired. Bill continued his ravings as they made their way through the kitchen. Cas had just made it to the door, when Dean stopped, looking at something on the table.
Reluctantly, Cas released the pressure on Bill.
He let out a little groan at the sheer size of him, and before he knew what he was doing, he’d sunk to his knees before him. He took the angel in his mouth, almost losing control at the taste of him. He heard Cas gasp, and looked up to see him leaning his hands against the counter, staring down at Dean, white-faced.
Dean had driven the Impala with his dad in the front seat dozens of times by then, but this was the first time he’d ever been behind the wheel solo. He peeled out onto the main road and floored it, feeling Baby’s purr through his whole body.
“You know what else you have in common with them?” Dean asked, his voice calm and measured. He was standing in the door to the den now, silhouetted in the flickering light of the TV.
“You gotta stop calling me an idiot,” Dean mumbled, feeling his cheeks burn.
Cas’ eyes bored into Dean. There was definitely a tension in his body that hadn’t been there before. He hadn’t moved a muscle and the smile on his face was still easy, but there was something in his eyes that was anything but.
He bent his chin and kissed the crown of Dean’s head softly. No. He would never know how to put all that he felt now into any kind of sense or order.
“I’m dead—what’s the worst that could have happened?”
Cas smiled, glad he wasn’t the only one. Then a thought struck him. “Wait. I forgot to say. I love you too.”
“It could still hurt you. Maybe even blind you for a while. Maybe permanently.”
Dean slammed on the brakes, swerving across the deserted road towards the edge. For a wild moment, Cas thought he was taking them over and into the abyss, but then he caught sight of a sign for a scenic overlook and realized Dean was whipping into a tiny parking lot clinging to the side of the mountain.
Cas put his head in his hand, laughing softly. “Thank you, Dean. Always so helpful at putting things in perspective.”
Cas nodded, still looking at where Dean’s hand had been. “Hurt more than anything I’ve ever felt. All that power in me. Remember how quickly the Leviathans ripped me apart? That was
Cas nodded. “Once we got Heaven in some kind of order, I couldn’t stop thinking about all those monsters who lived good lives, never hurting anybody, just to end up in Purgatory. Like that shapeshifter grief counselor you told me about, or the werewolf girl you knew. Didn’t seem fair. But I couldn’t very well let them loose in Heaven when they might be a danger. Your appetites don’t just go away when you die,” he added, looking pointedly at Dean’s burger and beer. “So—I’ve been working with them. Rowena and I—”
you. I could have damaged you so badly you’d never be able to speak or fucking
Because Dean knew those shortcomings better than anybody. And he loved him anyway.
Dean turned back to Bill. “Guess that’s my cue.”
“What are you doing?” Dean said. “Fight me.
Dean pulled away just a hair, and met Cas’ eye. Cas could feel the smile break and stretch across his face, and Dean gave an answering smile, like something important had just been confirmed. As though on cue, they surged together once more, but this time neither of them was still.
Cas blushed again, and Dean decided there wasn’t a better feeling in Earth or Heaven than making the third-most-powerful being in the universe blush. He eyed him, drumming his fingers on the table.
Cas’ eyebrows shot up. “Ditto? What do you—”
“Don’t worry,” he said, his voice like two stones grating against one another. “I can make this painless.” He paused. Gave a tiny smile. “But I won’t.”
Cas was happy for him—he and Sam so rarely gave Dean the chance to talk like this. But he felt something else, too, watching Dean connecting with all these men in a way that Cas couldn’t.
“Well, shit, this is embarrassing,” Dean whispered, blushing to hear his voice crack. “I’m just—I’m just glad. I’ve missed you, Cas.”
Cas smiled, but obligingly fell silent. He still watched Dean though. Dean imagined he could feel Cas’ gaze sliding over him like silk—or, hell, maybe it wasn’t his imagination. God only knew what an archangel could do.
. Like it was made for me.”
He led the way up the path to the cabin and heard Cas trailing behind. He tried to gather his wits as he went. He’d known this day would come—even as the years had stretched on in that weird-ass time warp way of Heaven, he’d known Cas would come back. Cas always came back.
. You absolute
“As a cosmic energy wave, myself, I take that personally.”
“You used to be,” Dean continued. “Been having this dream ever since I came back from the pit—used to be, I’d cut you up almost as often as Sam. The things you’d say…” Dean closed his eyes, took a breath. When he opened them again, he kept them fixed on the ceiling.
, Dean thought.
But goddammit. He wanted Cas inside him.
That these were the very same tears that had been pushed away the night a fourteen-year-old boy had stumbled from the cab of an eighteen-wheeler. They’d been pushed down and down, to a deep, cold place at the core of him. Hidden away, unshed all these years, for fear that letting them loose would reveal to John, or Sam, or some other human that demanded Dean’s strength, what Dean had done to earn them.
He’d go up to the garage, run his fingers along Baby. He’d sift through the various treasures gathered by the Men of Letters, cataloguing them diligently in Sam’s database. He’d kick his feet up in the library, reading an old diary of a Man of Letters or, more likely, a book from the local library.
“There’s something wrong with you,” Cas muttered into his hands.
Cas nodded. “Oh.”
Cas nodded once. “Let’s go.”
It could have been minutes or hours later when Dean grew quiet at last. Still, he didn’t move, just breathed long and deep, letting Cas bear his weight. More time passed, and the mountains before them were turning gray and blue in the pre-dawn light when Dean finally stirred, let go of Cas’ arms, and sat up, blinking blearily at the view that was slowly becoming visible.
But now that they were at the auto repair shop, Cas found himself missing Dean’s sulking. Here, Dean was in his element. The grease-covered men who worked there had flocked to Baby when she’d rolled in, peppering Dean with questions about her. Questions Cas couldn’t even begin to understand.
He heard Cas take a breath to say something, then let it out again. He watched the angel out of the corner of his eye. His eyes were flicking around, as though searching for something to say. They landed on the pile of wood.
Dean mumbled in his sleep, stirring. His hand shifted down Cas’ chest, coming to rest near his navel. A thoughtless, casual movement—but it was enough to send desire streaking through Cas all over again.
I stayed away because I love you with every wasted part of me. With my grace and my mind, and God knows I would love you with my body too if you’d give me half a chance. I stayed away, because I thought if I came, you might send me away again. And I couldn’t—” He faltered, putting a hand to his abdomen as though to steady himself. “I didn’t change my mind, Dean. I couldn’t if I tried. I love you.”
Bill shook his head. “No.”
Dean sighed and smiled, and was horrified to feel the corners of his lips trembling. He closed his eyes, feeling tears press against his lids. He tried to turn away, but Cas took his face in both hands. He kissed Dean’s lips and both his eyelids, now limned with tears.
more—than average angels. They were made to help God to shape and form the universe. We were made eons later out of the scraps of energy that were left. We were just muscle, when you come right down to it. Jack brought me back because he needed help and guidance—”
He groaned, leaning against the column, shaking his head to try to clear away the light and the impact. By the time he could see reasonably well again, he looked up to find Cas, back in his vessel, charging at him from across the room.
up. But I wouldn’t listen. Then I got here and within ten minutes I’d clocked him right in the jaw.”
“Right. So. I kind of exploded.”
“Which time?”
“Fuck that,” Dean said, pressing his lips to Cas’ pulse. “I waited long enough.”
The night that Cas had joined Dean along a lakeside in Dean’s dream was a long, long time ago. Before the Leviathans had hijacked Cas’ mind and body to do unspeakable things. Before Lucifer had leashed him, kept him quiet and sedate while he set about raising hell on earth and in heaven. Before Cas had wandered among the shattered pieces of his own mind, unable and unwilling to piece them back together for fear of what he would have to face when he did. Before he’d learned of all the times that Naomi had broken and brainwashed him—before she’d nearly forced him to kill the man he loved more than he had ever loved himself.
It was easy to see where the agony came from. The person on the table was different every time, but always someone that Dean loved. Sometimes it was Sam, sometimes Bobby, sometimes Jody, or John, or Claire, or Kevin, or Lisa. Sometimes it was a person that Cas didn’t know—like a beautiful young Black woman, or a short man with shaggy brown hair, or a little boy with a ring hanging on a chain around his neck. Sometimes it was Benny.
Cas’ mouth was bone dry, but he forced out, “Why?”
“I think my dad got me a picture book to explain what was happening—maybe Jack could pick one up for you somewhere.”
This one was hard to write, and may be hard to read if you've experienced sexual trauma. It's tough to strike the balance between the satisfaction of a revenge fantasy and the reality that revenge doesn't actually fix everything. Still, I wrote like five different drafts of it, and just had to decide to go for it and post. I hope you like it!
The car skidded to a halt, and Dean turned it off and vaulted out of it, slamming the door behind him. From inside the car, Cas heard him let loose a bellow that echoed off the surrounding mountains. His body bent nearly in half with the force of the scream. It went on and on, fed by decades of helpless rage, until all at once, it petered out. Dean straightened, staggered a step or two as though off-balance without the weight of that scream holding him down, and then sank down to the ground, his back against Baby.
doing things, making things. I like cooking. And I do it, frankly, better than whatever cosmic microwave oven you’ve got cooking things up for people. No offense.”
Cas scowled, but his lips twitched too. “Didn’t feel so funny when my every atom was being reforged in the fires of creation.”
Dean looked up again, eyes streaming. “He’s got a real subtle touch when it comes to landscaping, huh?”
Cas wanted to ask what had happened three times, but he held himself silent. It was a common mistake people made with Dean—not giving him the space to speak the hard truths. That always took him more time than it took others, as though he had pushed some things down so deep that they had further to journey to find daylight. Cas was determined to give him that time.
, Cas.”
“Like I’d have let you go anywhere else.”
“I would float there, burning—drowning in the power. Melting into it. Everything that had been me just… melting away. Becoming something new. And the whole time, I was terrified that… that the crack in my chassis wouldn’t be there on the other side. That I’d become just like they’d been—another standard-issue archangel. Cold and distant and too damn powerful for their own good or anyone else’s.”
“I didn’t leave, Dean, I
He focused on the feel of Cas’ lips, the hard strength of his body between Dean’s knees, the thrum of energy he thought he could feel just beneath his skin. He tried not to focus on how he didn’t yet know how this was going to go.
,” he leaned his head back and declared into the air. Within a moment, a pair of Ray Bans appeared on his face. “Ready,” he said, grinning.
Dean ignored him, checking the bullet chamber of his gun. He sighed and reached back into his bag, pulling out a box of ammo. He started to reload.
There was a breathless moment. Dean pressed his forehead into his fist, willing himself to relax, and then Cas was inside him. Dean cried out in pain and pleasure, feeling himself stretch to fit around Cas. His fists gripped the comforter, his shoulders rippled and flexed, his breaths came ragged.
It was easy to let themselves in. Dean picked the lock of the front door, and Cas slipped a trace of his power into the lock of the back kitchen door, until it quietly unlatched.
Dean looked, and his face went blank for a moment in shock. Pooling out from the house, stretching to the edge of the ridge and around the sides of the house for as far as they could see, were waves of flowers in full bloom. Sunflowers and daisies and pansies and tulips and roses and irises and bluebells and flowers that Cas couldn’t even name. They climbed and twined atop one another, seeking the sun. Rose bushes snaked up the columns of the porch. The breeze coming up from the valley ruffled the flowers, bringing with it a heavenly smell.
“Cas, let me go.”
“That fear, I could logic my way out of usually. Being gay, or… bi, or whatever. It’s not contagious. I know that. But the other fear was worse. I’d want a man and start to think… start to wonder if maybe I’d really, on some level, wanted it. That all those years ago, I’d had these thoughts and these desires, and I didn’t know what to do with them because God knows I couldn’t have talked to my dad about it, and so I went down to those truck stops, because I wanted it. That’s what they’d said, what all three of them said again and again while they were… They all told me I wanted it. That I liked it. But I
He wasn’t clothed, and Dean couldn’t help but notice that his body’s resemblance to a man’s extended… far. His mouth went a little dry, and he hoped Cas couldn’t see where he was looking through the sunglasses.
Cas slid his hand down Dean’s chest, past his bellybutton, past his belt. He laid his palm flat against the front of Dean’s jeans, grinning when he felt Dean rise up against him. He gripped, rubbed through the denim. “Anything worth seeing?” he asked.
He chewed, rolling his eyes back in pleasure. “Never gets old,” he said, his mouth full. “I mean maybe this isn’t real food or whatever, but you can’t tell me it ain’t delicious.”
Cas fought off a sigh. If reading his own emotions was hard, reading the emotions of other humans was all but impossible sometimes. Especially Dean’s.
He was glad Dean had chosen this one, though. Cas would enjoy spending his own eternity here with him.
Cas didn’t bother to hide the concern in his eyes as he watched the muscles tighten around Dean’s eyes and the cords in his neck grow taught, heard his breathing turn rough and ragged.
