and the fifth floor was no easy hike. Still, it had been cheap and within their meagre budget, so Dean couldn’t complain too much.
“Read it later,” Castiel mumbled, sliding a hand under the covers and thoroughly capturing Dean’s attention. “Sex now.”
To his horror, Castiel could feels his cheeks slowly turning red. He took another sip of his wine and cleared his throat. “A shame.”
Dean sighed and wrapped his free arm around Castiel. “I’m sorry too. I shouldn’t have yelled at you when you were trying to help. Here, I picked us up some sushi, and before you get anxious about spending money we don’t have on takeout, I, uh, actually just got a second job.”
He disappeared into the back before Castiel could ask anything else, and he returned to his tea, taking another sip. He only looked when some off-key singing drew his attention and Dean stalked from the kitchen holding a tray and singing Bon Jovi at the top of his lungs. A grin spanned his face from ear-to-ear.
“I’m getting too old to climb this hill,” Dean grumbled, trying to catch his breath. “We need a clandestine meeting place at ground level.
“It brings out your eyes,” Dean murmured, taking a step back and returning to the kitchen without another word.
Dean agrees and they work in silence except for the turning of pages and an occasional question from Dean. The pictures show more of Castiel’s childhood than Dean had expected. It’s like he can see the change from a happy, excited child to one that just had his world ended when he turned eight. Even when he’s smiling, there’s a sadness in his eyes that Dean recognises from his own family pictures.
“Hey, buddy,” he greets softly. “What’s up? I thought you were sorting through your family albums tonight?”
“You ever think that’s why he didn’t ask? I wouldn’t want to go out with someone who felt indebted to me. Upsets the balance.”
They’re silent until they get back to Castiel’s, and it’s a few whiskeys before their tongues loosen again. Dean realises belatedly that this is the first time they’ve gotten drunk together, and he raises his glass to new experiences.
Castiel nodded. “Nothing he did was ever good enough. They called him a disappointment. They were ashamed to have him as their son. Why wasn’t he more like me? What he endured… I can’t imagine how hard it must have been. I’m surprised it took him this long to leave.”
He tuned out all the instructions for how to burn the herbs, knowing Dean was paying close attention. Castiel couldn’t shake the feeling that this was a big mistake. That their relationship was going to suffer no matter the outcome. But he was equally as tired of Dean being constantly harassed by his family to look for his soulmate. If there was even a chance of putting an end to that, Castiel would take it. For Dean.
“It’s a pleasure to have the great Castiel Novak in my restaurant,” Dean smiled, setting down a plate and a small jug of a dark, viscous liquid in front of him. “I’m honoured. I’ve been trying to get you here for years.”
Dean grinned, and Castiel felt warm arms slide around his waist, pulling him close. “Well, in that case, maybe we can negotiate a future discount when I call you to arrange our date?”
“You can collect your belongings from the front, minus the knife. I’ll make sure you get some bus fare and the address of a shelter somewhere in town.”
With a brief nod, Castiel attempted to school his thunderous expression. Dean was being deliberately unhelpful and it was absolutely because of the parking incident from last month. Castiel refused to take the blame for that, so if Dean wanted to be petty, he could do so.
Dean hesitated. He could let it go and not push, it wasn’t unreasonable that the apartment wouldn’t be put immediately up for another lease. The owner might want to clean it or redecorate or any number of reasons. But from the startled look on Castiel’s face, there was something he wasn’t saying.
When Castiel pushed open the door to Morning Sunshine on Thursday afternoon, he was surprised to see Dean already behind the counter, smiling expectantly.
“—that you were her teacher? Yeah.” Dean clenched his jaw and looked away, and Castiel felt his mouth go dry.
But Dean looked disheartened by the price so Castiel reluctantly handed over a couple of folded bills, already readjusting their bills for the month in his head. They should be fine, as long as he was frugal until his next pay check.
“Well gee, thanks,” Dean huffed, his brows knit together with mock-offence. “I’m not gonna scare off the damn critic, Charlie. It’s fine. It’s just a little conversation between courses. This is how I am, I’m
“I’ll just get your wine for you, sir, and be back to take your order.” She disappeared for a few moments, leaving Castiel to glance around the restaurant.
Balthazar shrugged. “I don’t have the faintest idea. I’ll figure something out. Now out of curiosity, is that tall, handsome stranger lurking outside the door looking for you or me?”
“I know that,” Dean spat. “Forgive me for wanting to mourn the fact that I’m gonna spend the rest of my life with my boyfriend acting as my nursemaid.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, his cheeks pink. “Because he doesn’t really want to go out with me. I just shut him down the first time he asked, and he’s turned it into some sort of game.”
It was over too quickly, whistles blowing and guards shoving their way into the fray. Castiel grinned, his teeth all bloody as he was pinned to the floor and handcuffed.
Castiel closed his eyes, feeling despair and resignation flood through him. Dean still wanted to end things between them, he hadn’t changed his mind. There was nothing else he could do, this plan had been his only option and it had failed.
Castiel frowned and reached into his pocket, pulling out his schedule. There was no doubt about it, it said 221. Which meant either the person inside was in the wrong room, or they’d been double booked. He knocked on the door, opening it and sticking his head inside.
“I don’t have a –” Dean cuts himself off and swallows, trying to process everything, and then feels his anger surge again. “What is this, a divine intervention? You think you can just scare me with this shit and then I’ll make better choices? Because if this is where I’m gonna end up, in a wheelchair for the rest of my life and no Cas, then consider my lesson learned.”
“A tiramisu charlotte,” Dean explained. “It’s a three layer cake of a light coffee sponge, chocolate ganache and whipped mascarpone mousse, surrounded by lady fingers and topped with chocolate-coated espresso beans.”
Dean clenched his jaw and said nothing, just stared directly through Castiel as if he wasn’t even there.
He turned to see Dean in his tuxedo, looking uncharacteristically nervous. His tie was all askew, no doubt from where he’d been tugging on it all morning. Castiel sighed in mock-exasperation and reached out to fix it for him.
Dean raised his hands, shaking his head with an easy grin. “Nah, man. I don’t have a preference, the one on the left is cool with me. I’d be an ass if I came in and demanded you cater to my preferences. I’d like to avoid all that and hopefully we can get along.”
“Honestly, I’d really appreciate it,” Dean admitted, moving the suitcase to one side and leading the way down to his car. “My mom was so convinced that I’d forget something I’d need later. I’m pretty sure she packed up our entire house.”
Charlie burst into the kitchen, her eyes wide. She’d been too busy attending to her tables to catch Dean since his little conversation with Castiel, but she needed to talk to him now.
Charlie fixed him with her best not-amused look. “Yeah, you better hope he thinks so too, I’m gonna be pissed if I’m out of a job because of you, Winchester.”
Castiel, who had been looking around the shop with suspicion, now focused his attention on the owner, noting the name badge that identified her as Charlie. She didn’t look like his idea of a charlatan, but then, if it was so easy to identify a finagler then nobody would ever be duped.
He turned the Impala around and headed across town to the apartment Castiel had leased. It was his safest space outside of the restaurant. That was probably where he’d be.
“The sweetbreads, absolutely,” Dean admitted, stroking his chin as he thought about it. They were one of his bestsellers. “The pigeon is good but I think I would have suggested the turbot. The jus gras is to die for. Purely a matter of personal preference, of course.”
He glanced up when Dean left the kitchen, to see him clutching a silver cloche, covering whatever his dessert was meant to be. Noting the huge shit-eating grin on Dean’s face, he could only assume that whatever the dessert was, it was going to surprise him.
Castiel screwed his eyes closed, waiting for the scent of burning to hit his nostrils. It did, but it was quickly followed by a strong scent, of oregano, sage, lavender, lemon notes. His mind began to wander, transported back through his life, first to elementary school, then to high school, then to freshman year of college.
“What prompted you to make that choice? It seems like something you enjoyed, you’re still touching the scars on your fingers.”
Seeing the server approach, Castiel set down his menu and picked up the wine list, glancing over it briefly. Since he’d be sampling mostly red meat that evening, he selected a nice Barolo to accompany his meal. He smiled politely at the server, a redheaded woman who had a slight pinch between her brows despite her perfect smile. Her eyes remained on Castiel’s face as she scrawled on her notebook, as if she was trying to place where she recognised him from.
Castiel jumped, his heart thudding in fright. He’d been so wrapped up in his tears that he hadn’t even heard the sound of his best friend arriving. Truth be told, Castiel hadn’t expected to be found here. He’d only stumbled upon this hill accidentally when the sidewalk had turned into grass and he’d lost track of where he was.
“I can’t.” The sheen of tears disguised the flicker of pain on Benny’s face, but as Dean blinked the moisture back, he knew the resignation he found there instead would haunt him for a considerable amount of time.
Dean turned away, couldn’t bear to see the honesty reflected back at him. It was easier to accept that Cas had chosen to leave him behind if he got to blame him for it.
had been the last thing he’d made for Castiel before the bombshell had dropped about him moving away. To Dean, it represented the last moment of true happiness he’d felt, before it had all been ripped away from him.
. Is that bitter?” He sighs, suddenly looking very weary. “I dunno, it just really got to me today.”
Dean knelt, reaching out tentatively towards Castiel, making sure he could see Dean’s hands so he wouldn’t be startled. “Cas, what is it? Are you sick?”
Castiel’s hand slipped from Dean’s hair and he touched his cheek, feeling a tear slip down his own cheek against his best efforts. “Dean, you’re the only person in my life that has always been by my side. What makes you think I could be happy without you?”
Castiel shrugged. “No, I’m here for good this time. My contract finished and I decided to come home. I’ve been back a month or so.”
“He stayed for you,” Dean said simply. “He loves you and he didn’t want you to think he resented you.”
Tentatively, he knocked on the bathroom door. “Cas?” he called out. “Do you want me to head out for a few hours? I can go to the library and let you handle this however you want to.”
Castiel breathed out but didn’t immediately reply. Dean was worried about his reaction, since he knew Castiel was struggling with being unable to help with the bills anyway. Still, the pressure was off now so Castiel could keep looking without the prospect of losing their apartment.
Dean was the most beautiful shade of pink he’d ever seen. Not as dark as cerise or as bright as magenta or as pastel as candy floss. But somewhere in the middle and all three and it was breathtaking. But even amidst the new colour, Castiel could see the edges of Dean’s silhouette tinged with spring green.
Castiel let his hand slip away and he looked down at the town. In the darkness it was almost impossible to see, but for the lights. Signs of families settling into their nightly routines.
Dean swiped at his own eyes, taking Castiel’s hands again, refusing to give up now that everything was out in the open. “It was the only way you’d believe me. The only way you’d let it go.”
Charlie approached shortly after she returned to the dining room, a slightly guilty look on her expression. “Chef has requested to personally bring your food out.”
There was a lot more he wanted to say, but they were already getting a lot of attention, so Dean closed his mouth and just shrugged one shoulder awkwardly. From the softening of Castiel’s expression and the crinkles around his eyes, he seemed to understand.
“I’ve made them once or twice over the last couple of years and they never tasted right. They didn’t taste the same way you made them. I want to see what I missed.”
Dean closed the door behind him, stepping into the room and not taking his eyes off Castiel’s body. His tongue swept as his lower lip and Castiel moaned wantonly, feeling downright
It was somewhat different to synesthesia, where colours could be associated with people or objects. No, there was a certain amount of detached empathy in Castiel’s world spectrum. The letter ‘S’ didn’t come with an association of navy blue, nor any other colour for that matter. The colours were emotions.
Dean barks out a bitter laugh. They’re even commiserating at the same time, for the same reason. Freakin’ soulmates, man. “That sounds perfect, Cas, but I don’t have my car. I started the party early today.”
Dean had been pretty good about protecting him from being pushed around so far, but he couldn’t be around all the time. Their schedules were too different to facilitate that. Castiel’s older brother, Gabriel, had moved with him too, but where Castiel was a social outcast, Gabriel was a social butterfly.
Silence met his words. Well, that was a promising sign at least. Castiel had another job interview today, maybe this one had been successful. Finding a job that he could balance with law school was difficult, but necessary. Their savings were running out quickly and Dean’s salary alone wasn’t enough to pay the bills.
“Oh, we’re back to Novak now?” Castiel interrupted, turning his face away from Dean to shield himself from the look on Dean’s face and to hide how much that stung. “Yeah, that sounds about right. Guard and inmate. I don’t know why you didn’t just hold me down and take what you wanted –”
“They told me I wasn’t welcome at home anymore. That they’d be cutting me off financially and they’d have the rest of my stuff shipped out. I’m going to have to get a second job. I have scholarships so it shouldn’t affect that.” Castiel sniffled. “So much for my ten-year plan.”
“No, I…” Dean coloured and rubbed the back of his neck. “I actually started making more worksheets so I could focus on listening to you instead of talking at my own class. Lame, huh?”
Castiel was feeling a little more relaxed after two amazing courses and the same number glasses of wine. He was sated, not too full. There was still room for a little something sweet, although he wasn’t sure he’d be able to manage the full thing. And yet, he would be insane to turn down the offer of a dessert cooked by the head chef. Dean Winchester certainly knew his trade, creator of all  dishes included on the menu, so to have something solely cooked by him was a privilege few were afforded.
Benny shook his head, rolling his eyes. “Dean decided to give away free takeout coffee to every customer today. His brother graduated from law school today
Dean opened his mouth to give an angry retort, but Castiel wasn’t finished. “No. I think you’ve said quite enough. You’ve explained the situation and you’re more than welcome to take my parking space on Mondays until your own gets assigned. But let me make something quite clear: if you
Dean entered the room, eyes immediately scanning. Castiel noticed the way his eyes crinkled and the corner of his lips tugged up as their gaze met, before Dean broke eye contact to hang up his jacket.
Dean stood at the pass, surveying the kitchen with satisfaction. Everyone knew their stations, knew exactly what they were doing. He was startled when Charlie burst into the kitchen with a new order, but he reached out to take it from her, ignoring her excited babbling. He was used to it by now.
“They’re coming.” Dean’s face was defiant under all the dirt, but there was something very akin to fear in his eyes.
“I know,” Castiel replied, fiercely. “Just as I love you. I don’t need you to be made for me, Dean. I never needed you to be my soulmate. That’s why I never wanted to know. I’m happy with you. We might not be a perfect fit, but we fit perfectly enough. That’s good enough for me.”
Castiel hesitated, out of sorts with the uncharacteristic civility between them. A light flush appeared behind Dean’s freckles as he watched, and Castiel felt himself blushing too. He opened his mouth to apologise for everything that had happened between them, but the moment was over as the next class began to file in.
Until the pipes in the English Department building froze and burst, flooding the entirety of the ground floor with icy water. None of the offices were damaged, but the lecture halls were inaccessible. The subsequent rescheduling of classes was a disaster. The English department were just shoved into empty classrooms that could have resembled oversized closets, or on opposite sides of the campus so everyone had to sprint to get to their next class on time.
Castiel tilted his head back and laughed. “You’re not even thirty, Dean. Besides, this isn’t a clandestine meeting place anymore. We’ve got thirty guests and a minister arriving in a couple of hours to set things up.”
Since it would be rude to do anything else, Castiel dug in. It was probably rude not to savour the textures, the subtlety of the herbs and spices that Dean had someone managed to balance perfectly, but Castiel was suddenly aware more than anything that he was starving. Saltines simply weren’t cutting it, and the reintroduction of something flavourful into his system had him falling upon this soup like it was his first meal in weeks.
Dean tore his eyes away from Benny’s all-too-knowing gaze, his jaw clenching reflexively. “C’mon, man. Don’t… don’t do that. You know I don’t make that dish anymore. Too many memories.”
He held a metal ladle over the flame, warming it, before splashing in a touch of brandy. He returned it to the flame for just a moment, before setting it alight. The flaming brandy poured over the crêpes, and Dean watched as the fleeting flames roared high and pink, before slowly dying out.
,” Castiel wasn’t sure why he was spilling all of this, but the words were coming unprompted. “I missed you.”
Gabriel let out a scornful laugh, harsh and broken. “Yes, they do. I’m the black sheep of the family. You’re the only son they’re proud of.”
A moment later, he recognised it as the beginning to a Led Zeppelin track, and opened his eyes, looking around for its origin. Everyone in the tea shop turned in his direction, glaring. Befuddled, knowing the music definitely wasn’t coming from him, Castiel rose, looking under his seat and discovering the source of the disturbance.
Benny nodded, and got to his feet. “I understand. I think I should go. Maybe… maybe don’t call me for a while. Let me wallow.”
Castiel gave him a blank stare. “Should that mean something to me?” He asked, bluntly. “I’m very busy, Professor Winchester, so if you could come to the point?”
Dean wondered when he started seeing metaphors for his life everywhere, and if he’d one day he’d resemble those last dying flames, a shadow of what he once used to be, alone.
“Shit, I’m so sorry!” The man hurried forward and knelt, picking up the scattered papers. There was no form of organising to his work, he just tried to get everything into a pile so it was off the dusty floor. Castiel sank back into his chair, knowing that he would spent at least an hour sorting that back into order. Great.
Castiel laughed, stepping forward and touching Dean’s cheek, gazing into his eyes. “I can’t even tell you how sweet that is. You’re the most thoughtful boyfriend in the world. I’m not ace, Dean.”
The sketchbook was pushed aside and forgotten, and for the first time in Castiel’s life, the spectrum around him passed by unheeded in favour of a colour that was all his own.
“What are you doing here?” He asked, trying to crowd Dean backwards so he could close the door behind them. Despite being recognised as an adult, Castiel was all too aware of what his parents thought of Dean, and had no intention of letting them see him.
The fear kicked in full-force when he finally boarded the plane with unsteady legs. Looking around he caught a glimpse of his husband’s dark hair, but Castiel was gone before Dean could call out. Dismayed, because a little support would have been appreciated, Dean showed his boarding pass to the blonde flight attendant that was currently smiling expectantly at him.
“You didn’t. I made some fettuccini,” Castiel hummed, ducking past Dean to grab a chopping board, scraping minced garlic into a frying pan. “You had lots of flour and eggs, so I figured I’d make up a dish I used to serve in the restaurant. Pasta with shrimp, mushrooms and bell peppers in an alfredo sauce. There’s also a garlic flatbread in the oven too.”
The sun shone down on the old oak tree, thin beams of light streaming down between its leaves and illuminating the ground below.
Dean just shrugged, almost as if he was waiting for Castiel to catch up. Which he did, a few seconds later.
“Come back after school’s out,” Charlie shouted back, too busy to even stop and pay attention to him, scrawling information on cup after cup. “I’ll make sure there’s a special left for you.”
“I can do it,” Dean straightened up, with a resigned nod. “I have to do it. We’re gonna enjoy our vacation together.”
“I’m sorry.” Dean rasped, straightening his uniform. “You were right. I should have heard your side of things.”
Castiel leaned forward and inhaled deeply, trying to identify the various aromas that tickled his nose.
true,” Castiel objected. “I did want him to stop hitting on me. I do believe his reasons were shallow.”
“I’m sorry,” he blurted out. “Dean, I’m sorry for everything I said to you. I was unquestionably rude. I would have told you right away the next time I was in, but then I got sick…”
Castiel straightened to his full height and turned his reddened, but furious eyes on his parents. “Then go.”
He waited patiently, sipping his third – and last – glass of wine. A lot of ethics had been broken here today, but he wasn’t all that surprised. He’d been wary of reviewing this restaurant in the first place, the reason he’d refused to for so long. A lot of his review could only be ethically correct if he disclosed the special treatment he’d been afforded. Of course, he took his job seriously and was honest to a fault. His critique would reflect that completely.
It had been a complete surprise when he’d been accepted into Stanford. Both his plan to apply and the improvement of Dean’s grades had been quite a recent development. He had to set an example for Sammy, after all, and if that only bettered himself in the long run then that was a bonus too. It was different, to not have his mom or Sam around him every day, but it would be an experience too. A chance to be independent, to meet new people. Starting with his new roommate.
He would have risked everything back then for Cas. So why was the thought of a flying metal deathtrap the one thing that was threatening their happiness?
“I’m good, brother, Andrea’s gonna get her brother to pick me up, we’re headin’ up her cabin for the weekend.”
He didn’t bother with plates, just handed Castiel a knife and fork and gestured to the pan. He didn’t watch Castiel take the first bite, cutting into his own crêpe, but he did look up when he heard the sigh.
“I love you too, but your love for me doesn’t mean you have the right to mock my completely practical ten-year plan.”
Anguish twisted Castiel’s stomach into knots. He stared down at the flyer, already beginning to relent. He could refuse Dean nothing, even at the expense of his own misery. He could tell Dean hated the idea of taking extra shifts and possibly allowing his classwork to suffer for it.
Dean didn’t mind the colours. Didn’t think it was weird that Castiel’s gaze was drawn to everyone they passed, mesmerised by strangers at inopportune moments. In fact, he almost seemed to find it
Castiel tilted his head, squinting as he tried to gauge Dean’s sincerity. “Alright,” he agreed, cautiously. He looked down when one of the cups was held out towards him, staring at it in confusion. “What’s this?”
Dean locked eyes with Castiel as he unbuckled his belt, but instead of approaching the bed, he settled down in the chair by the desk. Still, he never tore his eyes away from Castiel’s, even as he freed his own cock from his faded jeans. Castiel made a sound in the back of his throat and stopped his motions, grasping the base of his shaft as he felt his balls beginning to tighten. He wouldn’t come, not yet.
Unlike before, Castiel smiled at his approach and greeted him softly, with familiarity. “Dean,” he smiled, peering at the plate in his hand. “That smells good.”
When the flight attendant who had gone through the safety procedures came to check on his seatbelt, she stopped dead with a look of alarm.
“How would I touch you?” Dean pressed, leaning back in the chair almost casually as he wrapped a hand around himself. “How do you imagine me touching you?”
“Okay,” Dean began slowly, pulling back and taking Castiel’s hands. “What would you like me to do? Are you… what do they know?”
Dean cut him off. “I’m gonna lose a couple of toes in a second, can you buzz me in and yell at me inside? It’s freezing.”
Castiel’s jaw clenched. He was attempting to be polite, and Dean was just shutting him down needlessly. “I see. Well, I hope we weren’t too much of an inconvenience. I will contact administration for next week.”
Castiel’s voice cracked and despite his own worries about their dwindling savings, Dean felt himself soften. “It’s not your fault. You’ll get a job. It didn’t have to be this one.”
“I figured you’d be here. Listen, Cas, I need to get something off my chest,” Dean strode into the room briskly, confidence in every step. “Because this has been bugging me since the first time I laid eyes on you and I can’t fight it anymore. I… you see... oh, fuck it.”
He thought no more about the bakery as he arrived at work, and when his first graders arrived, he was far too busy to spare Morning Sunshine a second thought. But as he left school that afternoon, he found himself moving with haste.
“Wait, why do you feel love?” He asked, head tilting to the side in curiosity and with a glimmer of hope. They hadn't really expressed how serious this relationship was yet, but Castiel had fallen hard and fast from their very first date.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel mumbled, getting up to kiss Dean’s cheek awkwardly. “I didn’t mean to push you. I’d rather we made it work here, I was just trying to be practical.”
He closed his eyes, inhaling deeply, and was just about to take a sip when he was startled by the abrupt sound of a drum beat and loud, accompanying music.
I’m overqualified. I don’t want to make a career out of flipping burgers six days a week, I just want a means of paying my half of the bills while I go to law school.”
They parted and Dean pulled back just enough to press his forehead to Castiel’s. “You’re still gonna have to pay for that,” he murmured fondly, but his eyes betrayed his amusement. “No freebies.”
Castiel ignored him, passing some crisp dollar bills to Charlie and pushing a few singles in the tip jar. “I don’t know why I keep tipping you,” he told her. “You subject me to this every day. You could just not tell him I’m here.”
“What was with the rush this morning?” Castiel asked, the smoky flavour of the tea rolling over his tongue pleasantly. “Did you get a good Yelp review or something?”
Dean managed a small smile. “I don’t know if I can do this, Cas. I’m freaking out and we’re still on the damn ground.”
He parked the Impala haphazardly outside and jogged up to the building, scanning the numbers and hitting the only buzzer that didn’t have a name. He was so cold, even in this brief moment of exposure to the snow, his teeth were chattering and his nose felt like it was about to drop off.
“C’mon, it’ll be fun,” Dean tugged Castiel towards the storefront. “Don’t you want to find out who your soulmate is? Who you’re fated to be with?”
He sat back, satisfied and very full. This had been a very successful visit, and he would be lucky if he didn’t have to unbutton his slacks for the taxi home. Flagging down Charlie, he asked her for the check as he wrote more scrawled notes in his book. He’d type it all up when he got home and it would hopefully hit the papers by the morning.
Castiel didn’t reply. No, he didn’t have a death wish and he was going to have to find a way to square things with Crowley once this was done. He’d painted a target on his back, but he’d done so for a reason. Ultimately, Castiel didn’t have a plan for when they let him out of solitary – otherwise known in these parts as White Wings. Castiel didn’t know where the name came from, nor did he care. Maybe it was because both solitary confinement and the hospital ward stretched out from the main prison building at an angle, almost like wings.
“I’ve left you more soup in the fridge,” Dean told him, setting the water down on Castiel’s nightstand. “I don’t want to see you at the bakery until at least Monday, hear me?”
Dean desperately wants to pull him in for a kiss again, hands itching to feel the soft, dark locks of Castiel’s hair between his fingers, so he stands up abruptly to quell the urge. Glancing wildly around the room, his eyes fall on the picture albums, two thick tomes laid out on the table.
Castiel returned his nose to the pillow and inhaled once more. There was the undercurrent of sex beneath Dean’s scent. Sweat, semen, an overall hint of musk. Dean had left in quite a hurry that day, clearly he hadn’t had time to focus on laundry before they’d left. Castiel closed his eyes, trying to remember the last time they’d had sex.
, it was called. A vibrant shade of green. Dean hadn’t been convinced but Castiel had sold him on it by telling Dean that it was his favourite colour, almost the exact shade of Dean’s eyes.
“The best,” Dean agreed, setting Claire down and taking her hand. “And there’s some waiting especially for you right now.” His attention shifted back to Castiel. “Thanks for waiting for me. I hope I didn’t put you behind too much.”
“It would be if I were pressing charges,” Dean replied conversationally, setting the coffees down. “That one has milk, that one has sugar. I’ll take whichever you don’t.”
He wanted to travel, to explore countless sights and landmarks and experience various cultures. He took the extra flights because he wanted to see it all.
But instead of saying any of this aloud, he nodded and rolled up his sleeves. The crêpe batter was something he’d made a thousand times, so he just lost himself in the process. Sifting flour and salt, making a well in the centre for the eggs, adding milk once the mixture thickened. Next, he zested an orange and added it to the mixture, along with some sugar to sweeten it.
Castiel flushed and got to his feet. Was it warm in here? It was definitely warm in here. Maybe he’d left the heat on. He knew he hadn’t, but was trying not to get too caught up in memories. Castiel pulled off his tie, opening a few of the buttons on his shirt and laying his jacket across the chair neatly. Dean and Sam were on their way back from hunting down a chimaera in Missouri, so it wasn’t unreasonable to assume that Dean would want him to sleep here tonight. They’d been parted for a few days and Dean was riding the high from a successful hunt. No doubt they’d end up right back in here shortly after he returned.
Castiel fixed him with a long gaze and then eventually nodded. “Very well. I handed over the reins to my sous chef indefinitely.”
“What were you going to say?” Castiel dug his heels in once again, now refusing to let Dean drag him away from the store. He might not want to go in, but he knew if they left, he’d never find out what Dean was about to say. “Tell me.”
The door to the classroom burst open and Gabriel strolled in. His usual trademark grin was gone, his expression solemn except for a slightly manic look in his eyes. He scanned the classroom, his gaze finding Castiel easily. His head jerked back towards the doorway, signalling for Castiel to follow him.
Dean felt a hefty weight in his stomach, and he tried to push it down. So what if he didn’t want Castiel to go? It wasn’t about what
say. They weren’t soulmates. They weren’t meant for each other. They were meant for other people, but life had gotten in the way and fate clearly had other designs for them.
“I was thinking of starting a fight club. Although I kinda broke the first rule now, so I guess I should give up on that idea.”
“But you’re not going to,” Dean finished his sentence, disapprovingly. “Get in the car. You can stay at my place for tonight. We’ll get you set up in the shelter tomorrow.”
There was a moment of awkwardness, where Castiel could see Dean brace himself and knew the answer to the question before Dean even opened his mouth.
He sat on the mattress gently, aware that this was Dean’s living space, not his own. Despite their change in relationship status over the last few months, they still kept separate bedrooms for when they wanted to be alone. This room was solely Dean’s, although Castiel found that they both slept here together most of the time. His hands splayed across the blankets, appreciating the softness of the material. It felt nice under his hands. He knew from experience it felt nice against his skin too, when he was splayed out, thighs parted, and fingers curling around the blankets for purchase–
Dean cooked the crêpes through one at a time, placing a sheet of greaseproof paper between each one until he ran out of batter. Then he started on the sauce.
After his mom had died, Dean hadn’t said a word. Castiel had a vague memory of their teacher in kindergarten saying something about him working through his feelings. Lots of Dean’s former friends had abandoned him, too young to understand his grief. Castiel, at least according to his parents, had toddled up to Dean with some paper and crayons and chatted enough for both of them. They’d been inseparable ever since.
Castiel bit back a smile and inclined his head. “Well, in that case, who am I to disappoint him? I’d be honoured to shake his hand if his food is as good as rumours dictate.”
Two hours later, he heard the grating sound of the bolt, and the door opened. He recoiled from the bright lights, his eyes struggling to adjust after the darkness. The guard who entered said nothing, just eyed Castiel disapprovingly.
Dean sighed and trudged back to the locker room to collect the rest of his belongings. A couple of beers and he’d feel better.
It’s been that way for as long as he can remember. His parents had assured him it had been that way since birth, that there’s nothing wrong with him, but Dean doesn’t feel that way. Seven billion people on earth, all with soulmates.
A strange look passed over Dean’s face as his gaze drifted from Castiel to Gabriel and back again. “Coming right up,” he said at last. “Do you want lemon or milk with your Earl Grey?”
He hissed as he hardened fully under his own palm, the stimulation not enough through the material of his pants and boxers. Castiel bit his lip, guiltily. He shouldn’t, not here. This was Dean’s space.
So Dean had invited him to move in. Temporarily, until Castiel got back on his feet. They’d get him set up with another job if he couldn’t go back to the restaurant, but that was a last resort. First and foremost, they’d needed to deal with Castiel’s ex.
Castiel shook his head, but he looked hopeful. “Not yet. I was here to pick up something for dinner.”
Flushing, Castiel tore his eyes away from his brother and glared at a particularly annoying looking tree. “I
Dean’s fingers laced with his own, drawing his attention. Castiel squeezed lightly. “You’re not going to make me go with them?”
Dean sighed. “I guess you’re right. It was just a thought. The money would make such a big deal and it means I don’t have to work the graveyard shift when I have class the next day.”
Sam fished it out of his pocket and opened the sleek velvet box, showing Dean the beautiful platinum wedding ring, studded with diamonds. Dean sighed with relief, letting the sight of Castiel’s wedding band calm him.
Not just because he liked snow – which he did, he was like a child whenever there was a sprinkling of snow in Kansas – but because of what it meant.
Castiel stood, straightening up to his full height, refusing to be intimidated. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I have never sabotaged anyone’s vehicle, and I don’t even know what your car looks like.”
Cas was right, he’d made it this far. What would be the point if he got off the plane now? He’d have wasted the money he’d bought on the ticket, wasted everyone’s time. He’d be letting himself and Castiel down. Besides, Castiel did this all the time and the whole point was to experience the things his husband loved. Flying was just one more thing to add to the list.
Dean shrugged. “You didn’t answer my texts, so I stopped by your place. Gabriel told me your parents had been fighting with him again, and I guessed you’d be here.” He hesitated. “You want to talk about it?”
Castiel laughed, seeming more at ease with the conversation as he followed Dean outside. “That’s kinda cool. Where are you from?”
“I can make something out of what you have,” Castiel waved him away, all but shooing him out of the kitchen.
“I only ask,” Dean cut him off, talking loudly. “Because you rushed out of there before I could introduce you to my friend, Charlie. Her girlfriend couldn’t make it today.”
. I don’t know how you haven’t scared him off yet but the fact that you haven’t should speak volumes. He’s gonna be there, Dean.”
“Five minutes, huh?” Dean comments, draining the glass in one and gesturing for another. “You excited?”
“I didn’t know you sold soup here,” Castiel blinked dumbly. His stomach rumbled but he held off from digging in.
Uncertainly, Castiel looked around for a free spot. Thankfully, he knew the protocol and pulled up at a meter. He wouldn’t have to pay, but the meter was on the opposite side of the parking lot to his office and Castiel felt inconvenienced. He was incensed that someone would have the audacity to steal his designated parking space when this was a faculty only parking lot. All lecturers were given the option to pay for a parking space out of their salary if they drove. The only staff members who refused travelled via public transport. The only reason for someone to steal his stall was if they didn’t want to pay. It was unacceptable.
He laughed as Castiel groaned, ruffling his hair as he walked behind him. A few more days and then all they could do was wait for the results.
“I have your book,” Charlie continued, babbling as she set the bottle down. “It was so fascinating, and I know that Dean, that’s the head chef, he’s obsessed with your reviews, he reads everything you ever print. Oh, I’m sorry, I’m talking too much. May I take your order?”
He had this whole speech planned out, but the words fell away from him as the innocent question he’d just asked had backfired spectacularly.
“Yeah, I love her like she was my own,” Dean admitted. “Jody brings her by every week and she tells me all about her week and I let her make a batch of cookies to take home.”
“It’s knockin’ off time. You know, the time I go home to my beautiful wife and you go to the hospital.” Benny told him pointedly. “Novak will spend a night in the cells and he’ll be processed in the morning. You can give your statement tomorrow.”
When the server – Charlie, Castiel noted from her nametag – returned with his wine, Castiel reached for the glass, swirling the burgundy liquid and holding it under his nose, inhaling deeply. He took a small sip, allowing the subtle flavours to envelope his palate. Rich, full-bodied, exactly what he wanted. He could even taste the rose tar and the dried herbs in the undertone.
It was a big campus and after their last conversation had left them on bad terms, they had no reason to go near each other. They weren’t based out of the same building so the chances of a random meeting were extremely unlikely.
Castiel could feel Gabriel’s eyes on him, but he wasn’t quite able to meet his gaze, preferring instead to keep his eyes on a crack in the sidewalk. He knew his brother was just looking out for him, but he just wanted to be able to pick up pastries and coffee —from the only place in a thirty mile radius that sold palatable coffee—without being hit on.
Dean gritted his teeth and silently wished every kind of pain on Mrs. Novak. As far as he knew, Castiel had nothing to do with her anymore, but to be ashamed of her own son because he didn’t have a soulmate? Dean couldn’t imagine something like that. He pulled Castiel into a hug, burying his face in his neck.
Dean sighed and brought Castiel in for a hug, immediately wrinkling his nose and pulling back. “Okay. You’re taking a break now, don’t argue with me,” he added, as Castiel opened his mouth. “You’re not going to be retaining anything until you take care of yourself. That means taking a shower, having some food that isn’t a power bar and caffeine from that twelve pack of Red Bull I
A beat, and then Castiel threw back his head in laughter. “You know, I was worried about the same thing. I came here to get your reassurance that
“You do belong there.” Dean felt truly at a loss for words. “I can make changes, Cas. We can redecorate if that’s what you want.”
Castiel nodded, an almost wistful expression on his face that faded to disappointment when Dean didn’t say anything back.
“I’m not sure yet. I’ll call you as soon as I’m settled. Six months. Maybe a year, tops.” Gabriel nudged Castiel to one side, easing him out of his way so he could get into his car. He pulled back from the embrace. “You take care of yourself, you hear me?”
Shifting his way to his other foot, Dean’s cheeks coloured. “Uh, yeah, I figured maybe we got off on the wrong foot yesterday, and I wanted to apologise.”
“Bullshit!” Dean snapped, his temper flaring out of disappointment. “That’s a load of bull, Cas, and you know it. You’re telling me there’s not a single other flight attendant that can fly to Barbados for the next week instead of you?”
On Dean’s first day, he’d walked into the administration building almost neon yellow with happiness. Castiel had followed him, brazenly trying to mix the shade until Dean had noticed him. The resulting explanation had seen Dean staring at Castiel, thoughtfully.
Dean clenched his jaw in anger and opened his fist, letting Castiel’s cravat slip from his fingers. “They took the Bastille a little under an hour ago and freed the prisoners. Then they put the Governor's head on a spike.”
At least Dean looked as taken aback as he was with the abrupt introduction. Neither of them had clearly expected to be pushed into interacting so suddenly.
They turned and Charlie was standing there with a broken wine glass at her feet, staring between them with wide eyes.
“You could have told me.” Castiel pulled his hands away from Dean and dried his eyes. “Instead you made me believe that this was all my fault.”
Dean was overjoyed to have Castiel living with him again. Even though they’d only really spent a few nights apart, he’d hated every second of those nights. Even coming home from work felt miserable on the days where he and Castiel had opposing schedules. Instead of having a warm body to crawl under the covers next to, he had cold sheets and a silent house.
The evening was cold, like the chill that had settled in Castiel’s stomach as he climbed the hill. When Dean had called and asked to meet him here, instead of either of their homes, he knew something had to be wrong. The second phone call had confirmed it.
Unsure if he would survive a physical onslaught if this was the verbal equivalent, Dean held his tongue and waited to see if his fiancé would run out of steam.
He can see when the realisation dawns on Castiel’s face, although it’s marred by wariness, the tentative hope shines brightly beneath the surface. “We don’t know that…”
Bitter thoughts of a failing marriage kept Dean awake all night. At around 4am, he gave up on sleeping entirely and quietly padded to the kitchen to make some coffee. He’d just poured himself a cup when Mary walked into the kitchen.
Dean noted the immediate tension wracked through Castiel’s body and the way his jaw clenched as he shook his head. He immediately wanted to know more about who lived in that house now. “No. I don’t have an address.” He closed his mouth and refused to say anything else, refused to answer any more questions and stood stiffly through a pat down. He didn’t speak again until he was bundled into the back seat of the car.
“Lies. They were pressed against me all night and they were anything but toasty. If I didn’t know better, I’d swear you refrigerate them before coming to bed.”
“Yeah, we shared a classroom,” Dean cleared his throat and offered his hand. “Although we’ve never been formally introduced. Cas, was it? Or do you prefer Castiel?”
“Maybe it’s my turn to be doing the tasting,” he teased, bursting into laughter as Castiel shoved at him, throwing an arm over his eyes.
Dean nodded, leaning back to show Castiel the fastened belt and trying his best to relax. “You should go back to work, I don’t want you to get in trouble.”
Dean could do nothing more than stare at the printed ink, his heart thudding wildly in his ears. What? Was this meant for him? How many Castiel’s could there be? He lowered the newspaper slowly, his eyes wide in shock.
Castiel was already stalking towards his brother, and he heard rather than saw Dean get up and follow him. He felt a rush of affection for his best friend, even over all of the confusion and anxiety he was feeling. What was so urgent that Gabriel had just driven here and stormed into his classroom. Was it something to do with their parents?
“I’ll be waiting,” Castiel promised, leaning in and brushing their lips together sweetly. He couldn’t bring himself to pull away immediately, leaning in for a second, lingering kiss and only pulling away when he heard a squeak and the sound of breaking glass.
Her objection was lost as Dean’s eyes once again turned to him, surprise clouding his expression. “Don’t be an idiot, Cas. You’ll be killed if you stay here.”
“You were never going to see me again anyway,” Dean sighed. “We’re not the same, Cas. You’re a fool if you think it didn’t matter that you’re a
“No pastry today?” Castiel shook his head. He didn’t think anything rich or indulgent would help with the headache that had been pounding in his skull since Sunday morning.
Dean swallowed, feeling a small amount of embarrassment and shame. “Yes and no. You know about my parents. All I had was Sammy. I stayed with him, I raised him while putting myself through college. Then his acceptance letters started turning up and he’d gotten into Stanford. He didn’t apply for any of the local colleges, and it felt like he was running out on me.”
“Oh, um…” Castiel trailed off and skimmed his eyes over the glossy page, eventually reading it. He froze, shoulders locking with tension. “I have to be honest, I’m a little confused. I agree the money would be great, but...”
Castiel nuzzled into Dean’s neck and pressed a few sucking kisses there, trying to thoroughly distract him from the review in the morning paper.
A freshman student to Castiel’s junior, Dean was actually the same age as Castiel. He’d started late, due to the loss of his parents forcing him to abandon his dreams of college in favour of raising his younger brother. A scholarship had put Dean’s dreams back on track now Sam was applying for colleges himself.
“I suppose that depends on how you look at it,” Castiel replied eventually, his voice tight. “I made the decision, but is it really a choice when it’s the only option? You must be an excellent detective, to have me all figured out so quickly.”
Nobody is really sure how the timers work. They’re etched into the skin from birth, small black digits on the wrist that count down until the moment that person meets their soulmate.
They separated naturally, chests heaving from the adrenaline rush, and Dean pressed two gentle pecks to Castiel’s lips as he withdrew. Castiel’s hands slipped away from his shoulders and he looked at Dean, almost fearful of what would happen next.
The weekend had passed again before Castiel felt he was fully recovered and could once again venture out into public.
The sound of the door closing made Dean smile but he didn’t turn around, just kept focusing on washing the remainder of the dishes from the previous evening. The campus dining halls left a lot to be desired so they’d stopped at TAP for some burgers and an obscenely huge brownie.
“So take the lease, and you can move out when you’re ready, whether it’s in six months or six years.”
Dean just hung up, rubbing his palms over his face, feeling the metallic scratch of his wedding ring against his face. It left a bitter taste in his mouth. He was tired of Castiel never being home. It hadn’t been like that at the start. If Dean was honest, he knew what the problem was. He just couldn’t fix it.
Dean kissed the top of his head and pulled them down so they were lying together on the bed, Castiel’s head still on his chest. “I’m guessing they didn’t take it very well.”
Castiel opened his mouth to reply but only a sound of longing came out. He wanted Dean, he wanted to reach out and touch him, but he exercised restraint. “You,” he rasped, pausing to exhale, a shuddering breath. “Always you. How you touch me.”
Dean’s head snapped around to look at her and he stalked to the door, eyes narrowed as he looked over at table twelve. There was no doubt about it, that was absolutely Castiel Novak. He pursed his lips, thinking.
“No,” Dean admitted, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “I guess I’m not. I’ll see you in a few minutes?”
“I wouldn’t say disappointed,” Castiel corrected him. “Confused, maybe. But it’s… different. He doesn’t hit on me anymore. He talks to me like I’m just another person.”
Something seemed to get through to Castiel, because he slid into the back seat of the car, clutching his pack tightly. “It’s not that I don’t like you,” he muttered. “I just don’t understand your motivation and it makes me uneasy.”
The line was all but gone and Charlie had already left for the day, but she’d kept her word. Benny served Castiel his tea—Lapsang Souchong, today—and promised to bring the special over to him if Castiel wanted to take a seat.
Grumbling, Dean got up to go and dig out the takeout menu and hid his smile as he dialled the number. Tomorrow they’d make a plan but for tonight, they’d eat pizza and cuddle. Castiel and his ten-year-plan would be fine. Dean would make sure of it.
Castiel peered at the small domed dessert with a curious expression, tilting his head curiously. Whatever it was lay on a crumb base, and had been covered in a bright blue mirror glaze.
Benny scoffed. “Sure you didn’t. Get on your knees with your hands behind your head and don’t even twitch. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you. Do you understand?”
Castiel shook his head. “Not for another hour. I wasn’t going to get on it anyway. The shelter is full. No beds. The nice redheaded woman at reception called for me. I told her I’d crash with a friend.”
“Sorry, sorry,” Dean panted, bent double as he tried to get his breath back. “Got here as quick as I could. Misjudged how long the walk was. Hey, sproglet. Ready to come to the bakery?”
Dean swallowed and felt something unknot in his chest that he hadn’t even realised was there until he could breathe again. “What if I’m a bad husband?”
Dean took a step back and Castiel took a deep breath, feeling like he could breathe again now he wasn’t overpowered by Dean, the touch of his hands, his addicting scent.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean sighed, his heart aching as he got up to heat up the rest of the leftovers. “When was the last time you actually ate a full meal?”
“Do you have your key?” Dean cut him off abruptly. He wasn’t giving Castiel false hope that this argument was over, or that he was intending to let this go. He was mad, he had a right to be. Castiel was choosing work over his family, over Sam. That wasn’t okay, and Dean had no intention of pretending it was.
Dean rolled his eyes but didn’t argue. He did pick up the pace though, not wanting to be caught in the rain any longer than he had to. Rounding the corner, his gaze fell on a dark shape huddled up against one of the buildings. He caught Benny’s eyes and gestured with a nod of his head.
Dean softened and reached across the table to take Castiel’s free hand. “That’s not gonna happen. I’m careful and you know Benny has my back. Let’s talk about something happier. You know Benny’s cousin Elizabeth is coming to town? She’s looking for a new apartment. I figured we could point her in the direction of yours. It was spacious and cheap right?”
He might not have seen Dean cry before, but Castiel had seen him upset, and he knew Dean had problems with talking when he was grieving.
Castiel nodded, smiling softly. He took the opposite side of Dean’s bed, crawling in next to him and laying his head on Dean’s chest. Absently, Dean found himself playing with strands of Castiel’s hair as they lay in silence. He knew Castiel well enough to know that there was something else he needed to get off his chest and was building himself up to it.
Dean still wouldn’t look at him, so Castiel narrowed his eyes as he waited patiently for Dean to speak. “You know what my dad is like. I just… wanted proof so I could stop him needling at me to find a girl to settle down with.”
“Cassie, for someone with such sage dating advice, you really are hopeless. Any fool with a brain could see that he’s interested in you.” Balthazar tutted.
With just those words, Dean’s heart sank. It wasn’t the words themselves that brought about the melancholy feeling in his chest. No, it was the tone in which the words were said, filled with a resignation that was all too familiar at this juncture. He didn’t even need to ask why Cas was calling when he should be home within an hour or two. There was only one reason.
“I didn’t mean to get you in trouble.” Castiel whispered, pulled an apologetic face, wincing at Benny’s sudden flare of temper.
He set Castiel boots under the radiator, switching it on. It wasn’t cold exactly, but Dean knew Castiel must be freezing. When the sound of the bathroom door opening and closing drew his attention, Dean headed up to gather up the wet clothes. He replaced them with some sweatpants and an oversized t-shirt that used to belong to Sam. It would be too big for Castiel, but it would keep him warm.
And that answered every question Castiel had. Why Dean had argued with him, told him that Castiel was just another stuck up aristocrat, that he never wanted to see him again. While it didn’t surprise him that his parents had taken steps to remove Dean from his life—they’d never made a secret of their feelings towards him—it was like a blade to the chest to hear that Dean had let them. That he’d been party to it.
“Nah.” Benny snorted. “Sam goes to Stanford. Dean ain’t one for flyin’ and he didn’t want to take the time off to drive to California. You ain’t never seen anyone as proud of anythin’ as Dean is of his kid brother. He’s a good guy, you know, if you gave him a chance.”
“Exactly. A guest. Not a charity case,” Castiel interrupted. “I’d like to do something to earn my bed for the night. Besides, you just found out I was a chef. Are you really going to turn down the chance to try my food and decide if I’m any good?”
Castiel shook his head again and shifted closer so his head tilted, resting on Dean’s shoulder. “Stay?”
Dean could feel the rage building up inside him at the injustice, the disgusting actions of someone who claimed to love the man sitting opposite him. This was abuse, pure and simple, and this douchebag of epic proportions belonged in a cell.
The man flushed, setting the haphazard sheaf of papers onto an empty spot on Castiel’s desk. “I’m Dean Winchester. I teach Physics.”
He stared blankly at the ringing phone, wondering how to silence it. When the song progressed into the unmistakeable wailing of Robert Plant and the glares of the surrounding customers became more pronounced, Castiel flipped open the phone to seek a way to end the call and his subsequent misplaced embarrassment.
There’s someone in the passenger seat: a pale woman with dark hair and matching eyes. Dean is positive he’s never met her before, that she wasn’t there when he got in his car, but he can’t shake the familiarity that he knows her. That he’s seen her face in his dreams.
And why wouldn’t the universe do this to him today, of all days? When his heart was open and raw and he was wearing his vulnerability on his sleeve for the world to see, like a big freaking parade float that announced just how fucked up he was.
Dean laughed, long and loud, his eyes lighting up with merriment. “I gotta admit, that wasn’t the reaction I pictured. I didn’t cross a line, then?”
“No offence, man. Tea just isn’t my thing. No judgement here,” the man on the other end of the phone added, hurriedly. “Could you just hand it over to one of the staff there and find out when they close? I teach at KSU and I can’t get back there until my last lecture finishes at six.”
It’s the first time he’s asked. They’ve both discussed their broken timers a handful of times, but they’ve never talked about this. About when they’d first realised they were different to every other person alive.
the perfect husband since we were eighteen and now we’re just making it official. So if someone like you can be worried about not being good enough, then I know these kind of nerves are normal.”
meant the entire staff would know the second she was out of his sight. With a sigh, he nodded to let her leave and pulled out his notebook. Well, there was no point in being discreet now after all.
“I’ve seen love,” Castiel objected. “It’s usually pink or pale red. It’s never been… that colour. That shade. That brightness.”
Benny folded his arms, pursing his lips at the terrible impression of his accent. “And I stand by that assessment but that don’t mean I wanted to chill my ‘Bayou bones’ to the core while I’m on duty. If anythin’ this is your fault, Mr. I-Don’t-Want-To-Leave-My-Precious-Car-On-The-Street-So-Let’s-Walk-From-Here. Now we have to trek back to the damn car in torrential downpour.”
“Ah, you’re one in a million, Cas.” He tells Castiel the street name and hangs up. In no time at all, Castiel pulls up in his crappy gold Lincoln Continental, and Dean smirks. The car is godawful, but there’d been no talking Cas out of buying it. He loves the damn thing.
In the end, Castiel lived in his apartment for three months before agreeing to move back in with Dean. They were both ecstatic, although Benny wasn’t too pleased that he had to help move Castiel’s belongings right back where they came from so soon. Even so, he was happy for them and approved completely of their decision to live together.
A matching glimmer of hope in Dean’s eyes showed him he was on the right track, but the smile tugging at Dean’s lips implied that wasn’t the right question he should be asking.
Fury flooded Dean’s body. How could anyone do that to their kid? How could they look at someone as good and kind as Castiel and decide to cut him out of their lives because of who he loved?
Castiel could accept the logic in Dean’s words, but the confrontational way that his colleague had burst into his office meant that backing down was not an option. Dean had crossed a line, and Castiel wasn’t going to stand for it.
“I’m not pushing!” Dean exclaimed, throwing his hands up in exasperation. “Have I ever said that you can’t move out? Didn’t I tell you that I would help you move your stuff and get Benny to come too? You want to run away so bad, Cas, I’ll help you do it, but don’t get mad at me for trying to understand why.”
Castiel laughed again and pecked Dean on the lips. “I’m sure you do. But I much prefer you like this, in a dashing suit. What time is Sam getting here?”
No response was given, save for the door slamming shut behind Dean as he stalked out of office as viciously as he’d entered.
Right. The reason Castiel hadn’t seen Dean in nearly a year came flooding back and his eyes widened as he glanced backwards into the house, to make sure his parents hadn’t seen him. After their fight on Valentine's Day, after Dean had pushed him away, Castiel’s parents had vowed to have Dean arrested if he ever came near their family home again.
“Yeah, well we can’t roll back the clock, no matter how much we want to.” It took all of Dean’s strength not to let his voice crack, and he still couldn’t make himself turn around and face Castiel.
“I can help you. I can speed things up, make it so you don’t have to live through everything you put Castiel through. You can remember your relationship as it was, without seeing him grow to resent and hate you.”
Could he do it? Was he brave enough to get himself onto an airplane to save his marriage? Picturing a life without his husband almost made Dean double over in pain, so he already had his answer. Of course he could. It wouldn’t be easy, but that nausea and fear would fade. He’d recover. Getting over the love of his life wouldn’t be so easy to bounce back from. Dean rose, kissing his mom on the top of her head.
Castiel had no time to rise as Dean walked around the desk but then cool hands were cupping his cheeks and the warmest, softest pair of lips were pressed to his own. All the earlier intensity returned and Castiel felt like all the breath had been knocked out of his lungs. His eyes fluttered closed, powerless to do anything but give himself over to the sensation of desire and attraction while his fingers found purchase in the collar of Dean’s jacket. He pulled Dean closer, parting his lips.
When he got back to the dorm, Castiel was alone, sitting on his bed silently. “Parents gone already?” Dean asked, dropping his bag. When no reply immediately came, he turned to look at Cas and noticed the silent tears running down his cheeks. “Cas?”
“Yes, I’m here. I’m, uh, I’m actually in your room right now,” Castiel confessed, biting down on his lip when he realised what he’d said.
“We’ll figure it out,” Dean promised him with a warm smile. “I’m not worried, Cas. I think we’ll manage just fine.”
Castiel didn’t answer, just curled his knees against his chest, looking anywhere but at Dean. It was obvious that he didn’t want to tell the truth.
They reached his car and Castiel stood in front of the driver’s seat, blocking Gabriel from getting inside. Even from here, he could see all of Gabriel’s belongings scattered in the back seat and overflowing from the trunk. He wasn’t kidding around.
People actively changed colour depending on their primary emotion. Castiel could walk down the street and see a woman change from a vivid cerulean to a muted tangerine and back again as she passed by a particularly persistent panhandler, or a man whose entire silhouette lit up golden yellow when he received a call from his fiancee. The colours were everywhere, often as fleeting as the emotions they represented, and Castiel was enthralled by it all.
Castiel looked down at his food, suddenly really interested in twirling his noodles. “I already did.”
Dean cleared his throat and approached her. “Hi. My brother said you sell this… packet of herbs that you burn that helps you identify your soulmate?”
Castiel could think of a million replies, but Dean was right there and he didn’t want to lose this opportunity. He caught his lips in a burning kiss, fingers biting into Dean’s shoulders to stop him escaping. Closing his eyes, Castiel gave his everything into that one kiss, determined to make the most of what would surely be the last time. Because any moment now Dean would shove him away and disappear –
The pounding on the oak door was sudden, loud, and showing no signs of stopping. The unrest within the city had left all of the aristocracy and nobility within Paris feeling uneasy, and the abrupt banging on the door only further served to leave an unsettled feeling in the stomachs of the residents of this particular household.
He left the room, and Dean listened to the sounds of his footsteps padding up the stairs sadly, wishing there was something he could do.
“As I was saying, some of you might have previously studied Byron in the past, perhaps one of his more famous works, ‘She Walks in Beauty’ for example?”
Gabriel sat down next to him, but it was still a moment or two before Castiel was able to look up, taking the tea and cupping it in his hands.
“I’m tired,” Castiel’s words interrupted the red haze descending behind Dean’s eyes. He was forcing himself not to track down Castiel’s ex-partner and arrest him. “And it’s late. If it’s okay with you, I’ll turn in? It’ll be nice to sleep in a bed again.”
Benny murmured his agreement, sympathy evident in his tone. He hung back as Dean approached the bundle of clothes, clicking on his flashlight.
, Cas. We were both in that hospital on the day I was born. We were probably in the same freaking room. This is why our timers have never worked, Cas, because we met before we could even read them.”
Castiel watched expressionlessly as his parents listened for the first time, rushing up the stairs to pack whatever they could carry.
It meant he could go back to work at his restaurant, and so he had. The difference in Castiel once he’d started working again was unbelievable. He glowed. Even when he worked ridiculously long hours, coming home after midnight with sore feet and aching limbs, he was smiling. Dean hardly recognized him from the shell of a man he’d found on the streets three months ago.
Folding his arms, Dean leaned back in his chair and caught Castiel’s eyes. “Okay, answer me this. If you were to sit the bar exam right now, do you honestly think you’d fail?”
“Sir? You can’t stay out here. C’mon, I’ll buy you a coffee and we’ll find you a shelter for tonight.”
. He’d know that gravelly voice anywhere. Castiel always sounded like he’d just drank a glass of the smokiest whisky, laced with jagged shards of broken glass.
“The apartment is perfect, though,” Castiel sighed. “I’m never going to find one as good for the same price.”
Castiel swallowed, averting his gaze. He had a look of a deer caught in headlights and was obviously struggling to answer. “I’m still leasing it,” he whispered eventually.
Silence. Dean knew he’d hit the nail right on the head. Castiel was overpreparing because he hated the idea of not having control. This was the last part of his ten-year plan. Four years for college, four years for grad school and now, finally, he was sitting the bar exam. His parents had almost taken away that plan when they’d disowned him and cut him off financially, but they’d both busted their asses to make it work. To fail this exam would devastate him.
“Oh. That’s… that’s great. Make sure you leave enough time for class, I know your workload is pretty heavy and balancing two jobs with that is–it’s going to be rough.”
“I’m honoured,” Castiel replied dryly, twirling his own pasta around his fork expertly. “Thank you for this. For allowing me to cook for you, and for inviting me to spend the night in your guest room. Not everyone would be so accommodating, especially after I attacked you.”
“Hey, what’s this one?” Dean frowns at a picture. “You’re just a baby, but you look… sick? There are tubes everywhere?”
Everything was set to be perfect. The beers were chilling in a cooler between them as they sat in Dean’s backyard, the grill heating up, waiting for the lovely filets Dean had chosen especially. A domed fire pit sat between them, the orange glow of the flames a lovely match for the sky as the evening began.
Castiel smiled, reaching out and pressing a finger to Dean’s lips to shush him. “The dessert was perfect and you were great. I’d have to include this in my review anyway, you knew that. I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you that I was coming.”
Castiel scowled, refusing to be baited. “You know I love you. But I thought we agreed that we didn’t want to find out if we were soulmates. That the way we felt about each other was enough.”
Dean crouched, the light illuminating startling blue eyes that were staring flatly at the wall, tears mingling with raindrops. Against his common sense, Dean felt his heart soften for the poor soul that had found himself in such an awful position. When he’d grown up, Dean had Sam and the Impala. He’d never been truly homeless and he’d never been so alone that he’d had nobody to turn to.
“That’s not it, Cas. I didn’t stick around to hear your side of things, because I knew that if I did, I’d change my mind. I’m in love with you, asshole. When you’re not doing stupid things like attacking
Castiel nods, pouring them both another drink and grabbing a thick envelope of pictures. “Gabriel found these among my dad’s old things. He said it was better I kept them in case he lost them. Just slide them in the right places, they should all have dates written on the back.”
“Alright. Use whatever you need and if you have something in mind, I can head out the store…” He trailed off as Castiel was already shaking his head, opening the fridge and then the cupboards, cataloguing what was there.
He returned to the kitchen, a wide smile on his face and returned to work. A little while later, Charlie stuck her head in the kitchen and called for him.
When the bell rang, Castiel dismissed his class and hung back to speak to Dean, fielding questions by reminding students of his office hours. Halting in front of Dean, Castiel rubbed the back of his neck, searching for the right words.
Castiel groaned but it was all good-natured as he followed Dean downstairs to get another box. “So what’s your major? Do you have a plan yet?”
With nothing to do, and his appetite slightly returning, he made the decision to return to Morning Sunshine. Some tea would do wonders, and he had the added bonus of looking sniffly and pathetic when he apologised, hopefully softening Dean’s demeanour towards his unforgivable rudeness.
There must have been something in his voice that told Dean how close he was, because the next thing Castiel knew, Dean was right there. A warm hand wrapped around his own, guiding his strokes, while Dean’s lips met his. He licked into his mouth, nipping at Dean’s lower lip a little harder than intended. A muffled moan was lost into the kiss as he came, hot white ropes of come covering his stomach and sparks exploding behind his eyes. He stroked himself through it, his body going limp and relaxing back into the mattress.
“Let me get this straight, you’re telling me the hottie baker hasn’t hit on you once since you shut him down completely, and you’re disappointed by that?” The look on Gabriel’s face was one of frustration and clearly read that he thought Castiel was an idiot.
He ducks out of the bar before she can reply, closing his eyes for a brief moment and trying to fight down the ache in his chest. After all this time it shouldn’t hurt anymore, but he can’t help it. He tries to fight it, but he can’t help but check his wrist as if the timer would change.
Gritting his teeth, Castiel took a deep breath and counted backwards from three. “I see. Do you know if there’s any other classrooms free in the building that I might set up in?”
“Castiel, please get in the car. I have a spare room. You can spend the night in a real bed, eating real food and take advantage of my shower with the amazing water pressure. Are you really going to turn that down just because you don’t like me?”
Castiel straightened up, his jaw going slack in surprise as Dean jogged up to them, sweaty and out of breath. What was more, he didn’t seem to be at all stunned by Castiel’s presence, almost as if he’d known to expect him here.
Castiel reached out and took Dean’s hand, bringing it to his lips. It would be hard, but he could do that. For Dean.
Castiel raised his eyebrow and stepped into the room. He left the door open so he could see if anyone arrived at his office and perched on the end of Balthazar’s desk. “Avoiding responsibilities? Ah,” he nodded as realisation struck. “Your date with Anna. I assume it didn’t go well?”
He looks down at his phone and sees that Castiel is calling, for the fifth time. Dean flips his phone, effectively silencing the call. He drains his glass and gets to his feet, dropping a wad of bills on the bar. A little unsteady on his feet as he steps onto the pavement, Dean leans against the wall to try and shake it off, closing his eyes.
“I’m not pressing charges,” Dean mumbled. “He was clearly frightened out of his mind. Did you hear how much he kept apologising?”
“The special is very sweet today,” Dean reassured him, correctly guessing his hesitation. “White chocolate and caramel. You’ll like this better. Trust me.”
She smiles at him, like she knows something he doesn’t. She looks sort of familiar. “You’re welcome.”
His shoulders tensed, Dean walks down the street, ignoring the bitter winter chill. He hadn’t planned on stopping for a few drinks, but a crappy day at work means he now had to walk home and that isn’t filling him with any joy.
Dean shook his head. “Not everything, Cas. You know how important emotion is to cooking. They didn’t taste the same, because when you made them yourself they weren’t made by…”
Fists balled in the front of his shirt and his back impacted with the wall hard enough to make his teeth rattle in his skull. Dean’s face was so close to his, close enough to kiss, but Castiel didn’t lean in. He just kept his eyes averted, refusing to look into the green eyes that would undo his resolve.
“Why are you outside my door, lying on the floor?” Dean asked, fingers fumbling for the light switch and flicking it on.
Dean hung on quite well until the engines started. Even the stewardess going through the safety procedure wasn’t too much for him to handle. But the rattling vibrations of the engines in the cabin had Dean white-knuckling the armrests, his face pale and drawn as he hummed ‘Some Kind of Monster’ to calm himself down.
He spent the night in his childhood bedroom, staring at the posters of muscle cars and half-naked women and thinking about how far he’d come. How he’d fought his dad for his relationship with Cas, survived his parent’s divorce and a minor reconciliation before John had passed of a heart attack. He thought about how all of Castiel’s brothers had told him he was no good, to stay away because he would only break Cas’ heart.
paying for a space,” Dean bellowed. “I’ve been here three weeks, dude, I took over for Bobby Singer, but he never officially cancelled his reserved stall so there’s been a delay in assigning me his old one. I got a list of available spaces to park in temporarily and 108 is where I was told to park in on Mondays, because you’re not scheduled in. I stuck a sign in my back window with my number so if anyone got here, they could call me and I’d move. But I guess you figured you’d be a dick instead, huh?”
Castiel gave a gentle smile, soft and adoring and it helped Dean relax. “I feel like I should be asking you that. Do you think that with my ten-year plan, I didn’t consider every angle when you asked me to marry you? No matter what happens in my future, Dean, being with you is the one part that I will never want to change. I love you, and I’m in this for the rest of our lives. You have nothing to be worried about.”
Dean pulled him into a fierce hug. “You will. And if you don’t, that’s okay too. You can’t help how you feel, Cas. And I’m here for you no matter what.”
“It was great,” Castiel admitted. “Good amenities, great kitchen. Lots of space, and it’s in a pretty good neighbourhood. Close to the restaurant.”
Castiel hums distractedly, before leaning over for a look. “That’s my tenth birthday. Gabriel took me to the carnival. We had lot of cotton candy and then went on the big rollercoaster and I threw up everywhere. My mom was so mad, but we had so much fun.” He smiles, wistfully.
Panic gripped him as he fumbled for any reason at all why he’d felt the need to run out of Dean’s birthday party. Anything that would stop Dean from hating him forever.
“Yeah,” Castiel sighed, already regretting his actions. He pushed the box containing the charlottes towards Gabriel, knowing it would just leave a bitter taste in his mouth that would have nothing to do with the coffee. “I know.”
He took his time making up the bed, giving Castiel space to cook while Dean ensured he had everything he needed. A spare toothbrush. Deodorant. Freshly laundered pyjamas.
“That’s the second time you’ve called me a dick today and it had damn well better be the last.” Castiel warned him, his voice low. “I didn’t see your sign, which was an honest mistake.
Castiel looked pleased that he’d asked and nodded. Dean took the opportunity to lean in and press his lips softly to the corner of Castiel’s mouth, lingering for just a moment.
Green was grief. Grief manifested itself in the most varied shades, Castiel had noticed. Depending on the level of pain or anger, grief could appear from a pastel mint green to an eye-straining lime. It also tinged other colours. People who experienced a huge loss always had their colours tinged slightly green. Even when they were happy, their sunflower hues never managed to shrug off the tinge of sage.
“Okay.” Castiel’s hands were trembling with anticipation, so he balled them into fists. “You still haven’t said how this could apply to us.”
“I can assign you an extra paper but you have to understand that I don’t expect to hear that your grades are suffering in your other classes because you’ve taken too much on for me,” Castiel told Alex gently, reaching for a paper.
“Gabriel, I’ll have to call you back,” Castiel said, after a long pause. “Hello, Dean,” he added quietly. Dean watched the path Castiel’s cell phone took from his ear to the pocket of his dumb ass trenchcoat and wasn’t sure that he had even hung up properly.
placed her gloved hand on Castiel’s shoulder in a gesture of comfort. “My son, make your farewells. We must prepare.”
Dean was caught up in his thoughts, but not so caught up that he missed the sight of Castiel huddled up in a bus shelter. He pulled up at the side of the road and lowered the window, looking over at him.
Surprised, Castiel paused for a moment. “They close at five thirty on Wednesdays. Did you say you’re a professor at KSU? As it happens, I teach Literature there, and I’ll be back within the hour if you’d like me to bring it. You could retrieve it from my office at six?”
“Here.” A bowl was placed in front of him, a spoon laid beside it. Castiel could smell something wonderful and savoury, a mixture of lemongrass and warming spices, and from the steam coming off it, it was hot. Slices of freshly baked bread adorned the side of the bowl, slathered liberally with butter and Castiel privately thought he’d never seen a more enticing meal.
Dean could hear the loss and regret in his tone and reached out to gently squeeze Castiel’s shoulder. He didn’t know what to say that would make it all better, so he offered comfort in the gentle touch and considered it a win when Castiel didn’t shrug him off.
Balthazar shrugged. “Not exactly. Oh, heavens, she’s coming this way. Excuse me.” He vanished before Castiel could say another word.
His eyes fluttered closed as the flavours danced across his palate. A burst of zingy citrus ricotta hit his mouth first, almost aerated in its lightness. That was quickly followed by the luscious sweetness of the peach curd that left a fresh feeling as it faded. The scone crumbled beautifully in his mouth, not dry and not too dense. It was sweetened with honey, a different kind of sweetness that almost overpowered everything else that had come before, but not quite, instead marrying the flavours.
With a long-suffering sigh, Castiel stepped into his own office and if the door swung closed a little vigorously behind him, it was absolutely an accident.
The roar of the Impala’s engines caught Castiel’s attention and he floundered. After he’d run out of Dean’s place, terrible excuses about a prior engagement on his tongue, he hadn’t expected to be followed. But it was clear that Dean hadn’t been fooled by his lame mutterings at all. Not that Castiel had expected him to be.
“I should go. Thank you again.” Castiel mumbled, grabbing his briefcase. He felt oddly disappointed as he left the room without a backwards glance.
Gabriel fixed him with a pointed look. “You’re telling me you’re not convincing yourself that the reason you feel weird about not being hit on is because you’re grateful the guy had some common human decency? Come on.”
Dean laughed again and Castiel’s heart leapt at the sound. “Well in the case, can I interest you in blowing this joint and maybe accompanying me to dinner?”
Dean opened his mouth and closed it again, his mouth turning dry and all of the blood rushing sound at the heated look in Castiel’s eyes. “I don’t have candles and stuff to make it special yet,” he murmured, apologetically.
They’d become fast friends since then. Dean found a companionship in Castiel that he hadn’t even realized he’d been missing. They had fun together, educating each other on their favourite movies and trying new experiences together. Dean had eaten snails for dinner a few nights ago – they were delicious until he found out what they were – and Castiel spent some time each night listening to the Zeppelin mix tape Dean had made him.
A warm hand touching his cheek was the only reply. Dean looked up at the tender touch, only to find Castiel’s blue eyes only inches away from his own. He licked his lips, trying to find the words speak, but soft lips covered his own and swallowed anything he might have said.
, Cas.” Dean snapped. “I’m going out to get some groceries for dinner, stay in here and mope if it makes you feel better.”
“Damnit!” He swore, snatching up his winter coat and grabbing for his car keys. If Castiel had gone out in that blizzard in only a trench coat, he’d catch his death. Even Dean wouldn’t brave that kind of weather on foot.
Dean didn’t answer, just spun on his heel and disappeared into the back. The kitchen door shut silently behind him and Castiel was left with all eyes upon him.
Castiel laughed, and picked up one half of his scone, the filling spread thickly across the fluffy surface. “It really does look amazing. I’m sure everyone will love it. It might even tempt me away from the daily special on occasion.”
Nobody knew where he was. He’d told Castiel he’d been coming straight home from work but then he’d gotten that phone call –
There was an intake of breath and the unmistakable sound of toiletries clattering into the sink, and then his new roommate emerged from the bathroom. Dean was surprised by how normal he looked, having expected the worst. The guy was of similar height to Dean, wearing regular sneakers, faded jeans and a plain t-shirt. His hair was dark and stuck up at all angles, and Dean spent a second wondering if it was artfully tousled or uncooperative bedhead.
They were jetting off to college in two days time, both of them accepted into Georgetown—Dean being pre-med, and Castiel being pre-law.
Castiel could admit that he liked that far more than he should, on a purely platonic level, of course.
“I followed you from school. I tried to call out, but you didn’t hear me. I guess I was too far away.” Dean shifted awkwardly. “You should tell someone, you know.”
Castiel reaches for the dropped photograph and reads the caption with a frown. It doesn’t seem to have registered, although he seems to recognise the date.
His words were vague, but he knew Dean would understand. Moving in together had been impulsive and expensive. While their tiny student apartment was now perfect, it had taken a lot of time and money to get it that way. Both Castiel and Dean had been forced to take on extra hours, but they were still going to find this month and the next difficult. It would be a struggle to make ends meet, but if they could weather through it, they would be fine from there on out.
“Implying I took advantage of you? Damnit, Cas, this was a consensual relationship, don’t you dare make it sound otherwise. I loved you. I still do.” Dean’s hands slowly loosened their grip, but he didn’t back up.
“I know that,” Dean snapped, but he sank down into a chair wearily, tugging at his stupid bow tie. “I know, Sam, but… this is so final. Like, what if Cas changes his mind and he doesn’t want to be with me anymore? What if I’m a terrible husband and I don’t make him happy anymore? He’d have to file for divorce…”
“Sounds great. See you later,” Castiel called back, throwing his jacket and letting the door swing closed behind him. He didn’t stop rushing until he reached the street and then he breathed in a huge sigh. The cool air burned his lungs, but each exhale calmed him. When the pressure in his chest eased, Castiel forced himself to start the trek to the library.
Dean avoided his eyes entirely. “I didn’t do it as a favour to you. I simply thought it would be an inconvenience to the students to fruitlessly follow you around for a spare classroom.”
As Castiel turned to face his boyfriend, the greeting he was forming died on his lips and he found himself reaching for his sketchbook.
Castiel’s stomach lurched. He pushed away the feeling of horror, guiltily. This was about Dean. “There’ll be some sort of scholarship or financial help you can get for having a dependent—”
Even now, in his early twenties, the colours were still new and exciting to him. The walls of his crappy studio apartment were all decorated with blocks of colour, each new shade that he encountered found a place on his wall, after hours of attempting to recreate that shade until it was perfect. Just like he was right now, he often spent hours out in the quad, filling in what amounted to an abstract mosaic with his watercolours. Castiel mixed and diluted until the colour matched exactly what he could see, and only then was it added to his sketchbook.
“I’m so sorry,” Dean whispered, and there was a soft kiss pressed to his knuckles. “Sam was sick, we didn’t think he was going to make it through the winter. I had to, Cas. I’m so sorry. It was the worst choice I ever had to make.”
was Castiel’s home and he would never need a back-up plan again. Dean’s gaze dipped to the ad below and he froze, reading the words printed there.
He was back at work today, and at the top of his priorities was stopping by Morning Sunshine, for a quick fix of coffee and something delicious and sweet. Castiel usually preferred the less-sweet flavours, but after a week without his daily treat, he wanted something sugary and amazing.
The only sign that Charlie knew what had transpired between them was her hand slowing as she reached for the sugar. “Yeah, want me to get him?”
. He was already looking forward to telling Castiel that the monkey brain dessert was more preferable than the snails he’d served up. He’d be teasing, of course.
“But you can’t deny there’s an imbalance in our relationship,” Castiel replied miserably. “I don’t want to live with you because I never managed to get back on my feet. It’s your house and I’m just a guest there. When we move in together, I want it to be
He barely finishes his sentence before he gets a lap full of Castiel. The table tips over behind them with a crash, but neither of them notice. They’re too busy clinging to each other, pressing kiss after kiss amid tears of joy.
“He’s my brother.” The tears came all at once, unbidden. Castiel couldn’t stop them if he tried and he didn’t even have the strength to attempt it. “I just don’t know what I’m supposed to do now. How I’m supposed to forgive my parents when they drove him away.”
The unpacking and painting and shopping could wait for tomorrow. Tonight, Dean planned to celebrate the return of Castiel to their home and they were heading out to dinner at a restaurant they both had been wanting to try. Dressed smartly in button downs and a nice jacket, Dean stared at Castiel across the table, smiling happily.
“It’s cool. You don’t owe me an explanation, Cas.” The overwhelming need to just leave and remove himself from further humiliation was too much, and Dean cleared his throat. “Anyway, I better… good seeing you.”
“No,” Dean cut him off, his voice hardening. “No, I’m being perfectly reasonable. This relationship isn’t going to work if you have one foot out the door from the very start.”
“Behind you, Chief,” Benny replied loudly, setting down the pan beside him and ducking out of the way as the garnishes arrived.
He was aware of Castiel looking at him after a moment, and he looked up. “Is there something on my face?”
Castiel stood and looked at Dean bitterly. “It was the only way I could get you to come and see me. You broke things off with me and then vanished. You don’t get to do that.”
Castiel jabbed Dean with a pair of chopsticks. “It’s not gross. Besides, it’s better than drowning everything in soy sauce. It’s too salty.”
Dean stared at the fire pit, and chose not to hear the sound of Benny leaving. He sat in the yard long after the darkness fell around him. His eyes fixed on the last sparks of the fire pit, the fleeting flames that still lingered long after the inferno had gone.
What truly cemented things for Castiel was completely unrelated to Morning Sunshine. The bell had long since rang, signalling the end of the school day. Castiel had helped his students with their hats and bags and seen them off safely into the hands of their parents.
The faint buzzing of his phone was almost a welcome relief from his guilt, although he flinched when he saw Dean’s name on the display. He couldn’t possibly know what Castiel was contemplating, but the coincidental timing was disturbing to say the least.
“Dean,” he moaned as the bedroom door opened, his eyes flying open. He was there, alone, Castiel could sense whenever Dean was nearby. Sam wasn’t in the bunker, no doubt Dean had made an excuse to send him off for a while. Maybe he made his own excuses, Castiel didn’t care. He parted his thighs wider, waiting for Dean to approach him.
It was only a matter of time before Gabriel found out about the bullying and rained Hell down on them, but Castiel didn’t want that. Gabriel wouldn’t be able to fight his battles forever.
Ever the gentleman, Dean insisted on seeing Castiel inside and making sure he was comfortable. Castiel now thoroughly felt the efforts of his excursion and crawled under his covers fully dressed, while Dean went to get him a glass of water.
There was a small delay before Dean replied, but his voice was lower, gruffer. “Are you remembering the last time we were there, Cas? About how good it was? How hard I fucked you?”
A knock on the bedroom door startled Dean. He swiped at his eyes angrily, ridding himself of the tears he hadn’t even known he was shedding.
“You were pretty out of it when it when we found you. Checked out mentally, almost. You on any medication? Prescription or otherwise.”
“You want to come over to my place?” Dean asked, eventually. “My dad will help patch you up, then your mom will never know.”
Castiel looked like Dean had just swept the rug out from under him. His blue eyes, that Dean loved to stare into, were foggy and filled with pain. “How can you say that?”
Dean realised, and the deep fractures that Castiel had left in his heart were momentarily replaced by new ones, cracks and chasms that belonged entirely to Benny.
“Fine,” Dean sighed. “Just busy, you know? Lots of paperwork right now, not a lot of patrolling. Benny says Andrea is pleased. She worries when we’re out late.”
“I’m not mad,” Dean assured him. “I’ve been trying to get you to come visit me at work for years. I should get back to the kitchen. I’ll see you at home?”
Castiel took the bag and began to sort through it, but when the rest of the words registered, he blinked up at Dean. “What?”
Castiel’s cheeks flushed an even deeper red and he slowly relaxed his grip as he began to stroke his cock again. “I… you’d tease me. Play with my nipples. Bite my thighs. You wouldn’t touch my – my cock, not till the end. You’d use your fingers on me instead. You’d start slow, make sure I was nice and stretched and ready for you. You’d fuck me the way I like it, pulling my hair and marking me.”
The scraping sound of a key in the lock drew Castiel’s attention away from the textbooks in front of him. He frowned at first, irritated by the disturbance, but then he registered exactly what the sound was and the frown was replaced by a soft smile. His roommate was home.
“Unfortunately not. But my chefs are an extension of me and they are more than capable of attending to your every need,” Dean replied smoothly, giving Castiel a daring wink.
Castiel winced in sympathy. Professor Ketch had a reputation for being blunt and rude and wasn’t well-liked. “Well, I know something that will make it all better,” he teased, pulling back from the embrace to pick up a bag and shake it enticingly. “I stopped by Ellen’s after class and picked up some pecan pie.”
If Castiel hadn’t been sitting, he would have almost certainly collapsed, his knees weak from the kiss. His head was swimming when Dean eventually withdrew, grazing his lips over Castiel’s one last time before pulling back completely.
Dean thought back to the steaks he’d planned to have that evening. It wouldn’t feel right sharing that meal with Castiel.
They had both enquired about changing their schedules, limiting their number of credits in order to pick up extra hours at work. Castiel worked at a used bookstore and wasn’t too offended by the extra shifts. Dean, who worked seasonally at a fast food outlet just off campus, wasn’t exactly thrilled with the idea of flipping burgers two extra days a week, but he’d understood their financial situation necessitated the temporary sacrifice.
The millefeuille was delicious, the flavours subtle and balanced, and more than made up for the exertion of ordering it.
Dean shovelled another forkful of food into his mouth, but everything now tasted bland and slimy. He forced himself to swallow, setting the box to one side. His appetite was suddenly long gone.
Before Castiel could apologise, Dean turned and stalked off down the hallway, tossing one of the coffee cups in the trash passive-aggressively. Disappointed in how poorly that interaction had gone, Castiel turned towards Balthazar’s office to find his friend staring at him in exasperation.
“Dean,” Castiel’s voice is warm, affectionate, and it tugs at Dean’s heart. He’d met Castiel a year or so ago, and knows that if there was anyone he would ever choose to be his soulmate, it would be Cas. He likes all of Dean’s music and movies and puts up with his drinking. He’s always there when Dean needs him.
Anger flared inside Castiel, replacing the hurt that had risen at Dean’s poor opinion of him. “Of course not. You know I’ve never felt like that.”
have expectations of an amazing first time. Because I’m going to make sure it’s super special for you.”
Castiel, to his credit, took the time to think over his reply before he spoke so the words would come out right. In that time, neither of them looked at the other, both preferring to study their abandoned appetisers.
“Cas,” Dean repeats, taking his hand. “I don’t regret it. I just think this is something we need to do sober. I want this, but I want it to be because we feel like this about each other. Not because there’s nobody else. You know?”
He pursed his lips and left, his steps hasty as he hurried to work. It was nearing eight, and he had a few things to prepare before his class of eager first graders arrived for the day.
As if to taunt him further, the bartender’s sleeve rides up as she pours the whiskey bottle, displaying her timer.
Castiel brushed his fingers along the bark until they reached the familiar etchings. His initials and Dean’s, carved almost ten years ago now. While Castiel regretted their secret act of vandalism, damaging the beauty of the magnificent oak, there was something profound and warming about the eternity of their story. Their initials would still be here long after they were gone.
He reached out a hand in invitation and Castiel stood, his knees shaky, and took it without hesitation.
“We’ll figure it out,” Dean promised, “if it comes to that. Which it won’t. Come on, let’s get you another plate of food and then we’re watching TV. Scooby Doo is on somewhere.”
Grabbing one of the other boxes, Castiel faltered a moment at the weight, but he heaved it into a better position on his shoulder. “Pontiac, Illinois,” he grunted. “So not too far from you. You weren’t kidding about your mom packing up your entire house, I think I just found the mini-fridge.”
Dean was giving him an out, a way to save face. By addressing Castiel’s issue without actually addressing it, he was giving them a means to avoid the long overdue conversation they’d yet to have. As everything clicked into place, Castiel felt smaller than an ant. The redhead was a lesbian. She wasn’t Dean’s girlfriend. Dean wasn’t interested in her.
“Tessa.” It’s an answer and an avoidance of one, all at the same time. She seems to recognise this. “I’m here to help.”
“Here, let me take those,” Castiel’s hands tightened at the words. “I’m gonna put your jacket in the laundry and find somewhere to dry your boots. You head upstairs. The bathroom is the second door on the right. Put your clothes outside and I’ll leave you some fresh ones.”
Dean turns his face away, leaning away from his boyfriend’s touch. “Please go. I’d like to be alone for a little while.”
Castiel kept his eyes fixed on Dean’s, unwavering and unflinching. Almost challenging him. Dean’s mouth opened and closed a few times as he seemed to struggle on how to reply.
Dean talked him through it, how the herbs would burn to ash, and a subtle scent would rise from the ashes and trigger three distinct memories that would help them identify their soulmate. It was a novel idea, quite romantic, Castiel supposed. But he didn’t need to know that Dean was his soulmate to know that he loved him with everything he was.
As she and Dean made plans, Castiel felt himself wonder how he could have been so wrong about Dean all this time. He’d misjudged him, but now he knew better. He wouldn’t make that mistake again.
Dean didn’t even seem deterred by Benny’s scowl, the grin on his face not wavering for a moment. “Benny, stop grumbling, you’re scaring my customers.” He turned back to Castiel and shrugged. “He’ll get over it. Mind if I sit?”
Dean leaned back in his seat and Castiel flushed as he realised he was telling Dean his business. “You do a perfect job with all that. I could never get the balance right if I tried to bake myself. I just know the kind of flavours I enjoy.” He changed topics rapidly. “I hear congratulations are in order, anyway. Your brother?”
As he took his regular seat, Dean disappeared and return presently with a tray, laden with a plate and a cup of tea. Castiel’s eye was instantly drawn to the dessert. It was some sort of bun, or scone, already spread with cream and some kind of fruit preserve. Yet everything Castiel knew about Dean told him that it would never be something so simple.
Castiel raised an eyebrow at the interruption, glancing around for the speaker amidst all the giggles. “Yes, Mr. Crowley, Byron was well known for his sexual proclivities. He also wrote poetry on occasion. Does it make you feel inadequate, knowing he was able to solicit such companionship
Castiel closed the door to Dean’s bedroom behind him with a soft exhale. The atmosphere changed immediately, and he felt himself relax in a way he hadn’t all week. This was like coming home. He recognised even the minute details of Dean’s room without having to look too closely. The array of guns on the wall, the scent of leather and gunpowder and a little bit of motor oil that usually lingered on his clothes from when he worked on the Impala. There was also a clean smell, a freshness that betrayed exactly how much Dean liked his space to be clean.
Mary smiled wryly, pulling her thick robe tighter around herself to combat the early-morning chill as she sat down opposite. “You think I can sleep when my son is in pain?”
Castiel didn’t reply immediately, raising his eyebrow. He’d expected to be recognised before he left, but he hadn’t expected it to happen quite like this.
“It’s not lame.” He fell silent, searching for what to say. “I’m sorry for how rude I was when we met. I’m not good with social situations. I knew you were… that you meant to… with the coffee,” he finished lamely.
Dean shook his head. “I thought about that already. I can’t uproot Sam from his life, not when he already lost my dad. He has friends here, he’ll need them. I gotta think about Sam. Maybe college is something I can look at in the future. I… I guess it just sucks that it’s not something I get to experience with you.”
All except Dean. His fist clenches and his eyes sting with the familiar pain that there’s nobody on earth that is meant for him.
“What are you thinking?” Dean asked, curiously. “You’ve got that look on your face like you’re thinking of something sappy and poetic.”
Castiel surged forward and kissed him, fervently and with his whole heart. With carefree hearts they tumbled down into the grass together, laughing and kissing. “I love you too,” he whispered against Dean’s lips.
Castiel tried to signal for Charlie to stop, but it was too late. There was the sound of clattering out the back and then the source of Castiel’s daily irritation burst through the door from the kitchens. Great. The baker was seemingly oblivious to the flour that was smeared all up his cheek, but it did nothing to hide how attractive he was.
Dean calling after him was unexpected, so Castiel’s hand fumbled as he opened the door again, raising a questioning eyebrow as Dean turned back to address his class.
“We’ll figure it out. Whatever you need. I know you’re not ashamed of me, Cas. To come out to your parents without knowing how they’ll react is a big step, okay? You don’t need to suddenly be ready for that when they’ve dropped this surprise trip on you. So if you want time, then you don’t gotta tell them we’re dating. We can just be friends.” Dean promised.
The slight temperature and sneezes scuppered any chances Castiel had of apologising on Monday. Developing into a full-blown fever, Castiel was bedridden for the first half of the week and only on Wednesday did he feel well enough to get himself to the doctor.
“Sure,” Dean agrees easily, throwing back the second drink, shooting her a sideways smirk. “One more for the road, so I don’t take your attention away from your soulmate? I better get home.”
With a nod of acknowledgement, Dean turned back to the dishes and kept his tone light. “So there was something I was going to ask you about.”
“I don’t drink coffee,” Castiel replied matter-of-factly. He felt awkward, refusing the obvious gesture on Dean’s part, but he didn’t want to lie and take the coffee when maybe someone in Dean’s faculty would appreciate it more. Recognising that his words could seem as a dismissal, he opened his mouth to clarify, but Dean cut him off.
It didn’t feel like home anymore, like the warmth Castiel’s companionship had brought just upped and left when he did.
Inside, Dean watched as Castiel hovered in the doorway, kicking off his shoes and taking off his jacket. He looked soaked the bone and his teeth were chattering. Dean softened.
Castiel pulled away from the touch, positioning his back to the counter so he could watch Dean, annoyance twisting his expression. “I’m asking you not to push me on this.”
Dean floundered, as if Castiel had put him on the spot. He looked like he was about to answer, but then his jaw clenched with defiance. “Well, how am I supposed to know that?”
“That would be nice.” Castiel smiled, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. “I don’t know anyone here yet so I’d like it if we could be friends. Would you like a hand with moving the rest of your stuff?”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel replied softly. “I didn’t mean to startle you.” He looked more human out here, his shoulders slumped and patches of his face shrouded in shadow where the streetlamps failed to reach.
Dean shrugged. “There’s plenty of hot water, and there should be clean towels in there already. Take as long as you like and use anything you need. There’s a spare razor in the cabinet if you’d like to shave. Come find me in the kitchen when you’re done.”
He hid his grin when Castiel looked guilty and rose, dropping into Dean’s lap. Unable to help himself, Dean slid his arms around Castiel’s waist and pulled him close for a kiss. “If it’ll make you happy, babe, you can always eat the last of my tuna.”
Dropping to his knees, Castiel pulled Dean into a hug. Fear tendrils spread across his insides, pushing the chill through his body. He’d never seen Dean cry before, not once in all of their years of friendship. He didn’t ask what was wrong, knowing Dean would talk in his own time. Castiel didn’t even tell Dean that he already knew, that Sam had told him, just saved the words for when Dean was able to speak.
Castiel sighed as he sipped his tea, the scent of warm spices and an unmistakeable rose undertone creating a satisfying sensation of bliss. This, this was what he needed. Three hours of grading college sophomore papers on Dickens might sound like sheer hell to some people, and they’d be right. For all he loved teaching Literature at KSU, it was clear some of the students had taken the wrong kind of tips of Dickens – who had been paid by the word – and used the most complex sentences for the most basic point. It was a little tedious at times.
It would be all too easy to take him to bed and undress him, to make love to him and then carry on as if nothing happened, as if he hadn’t been gone for the last few years. As if they’d never broken up.
Dean managed a shaky nod, words failing him completely. The significance of the date had eluded him completely, and he couldn’t believe that this had happened. Blinded by tears of happiness, Dean reached out and cupped Castiel’s face, guiding them together.
“I know,” Castiel whispered, carding his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Sam called me. Who’s looking after him now?”
Castiel lowered his head, pulling back his hairline to show a thin white scar that would have been almost invisible if Dean hadn’t been looking for it.
“Of course,” Dean replied automatically. “I’m an early riser but I’ll try not to disturb you. Your room is all made up. Goodnight, Cas.”
Silence met his words and Dean hummed, sliding off his coat. It had been around three months since Castiel had moved in with him. After that first night, Dean had driven him to the shelter but had been unable to leave him there. The sight of the communal rooms filled with cots had been pitiful and Dean wished he could make a difference for everyone there. While that wasn’t possible, he could make a small difference for Castiel.
This was only their second week of living together, after being paired up in freshman year and sharing a dorm, they’d struck up a firm friendship. Castiel would say that unequivocally, Dean was his best friend and the most important person in his life. Therefore, it had only been a logical step that they would move in together now they were seeking external living arrangements, far away from the distractions of the student dorms. No parties, no screaming in the halls, no RA checking up on them constantly. Just Castiel and Dean. Alone. Together.
“I don’t have time,” Castiel whines, getting up to grab some Doritos, unable to wait for the lasagna to heat up. “Dean, I don’t have time to take those kind of breaks, do you know how much I have left to review?”
Castiel saw the moment Dean’s eyes zeroed in on him and the way his face lit up with interest. He sighed, and intercepted the baker before he could embarrass him in front of Gabriel. Just because he’d confided in his brother, it didn’t mean he wanted him to have a front-row seat to Castiel’s daily humiliation.
“Don’t stop,” Dean told him firmly, kicking off his boots and shedding a layer of flannel, agonisingly slow. “Tell me what you’re thinking about, Cas.”
Castiel finished his tea and told himself that he wasn’t allowed to be surprised or disappointed that Dean hadn’t attempted to get his phone number.
“Yes, Chef!” His kitchen chorused, and Dean’s eyes flickered from the appetizers station and Balthazar working hurriedly, to the meat station and Benny. He nodded, mostly to himself. Castiel’s food was in good hands, Benny was one of the best chefs he’d ever hired, and Balthazar was more than capable.
“You make that sound like it was an easy choice. It was my dream job or the love of my life. It tore me apart. I chose to take the job because I knew I’d regret it for the rest of my life if I didn’t.”
Castiel smiled at him, starting to head into the bedroom. “Didn’t you just say it would be amazing because it was with me? I’m sure that works both ways. I’ve got three hours before I need to be at the library, Dean. Are you coming?”
Dean slumped on the couch of their suddenly stifling apartment, the heel of his free hand pressing into his eyes as if to prevent the impending migraine from a long-time argument taking hold. He felt weak, a pressure in his chest draining all of his energy. This happened so often now, Castiel hadn’t been home longer than a few days in the last three months.
“Coming!” Dean called, and then he was pushing his way through the door, wiping his hands on a towel.
“Excuse me,” he began, startling when he saw that Dean was standing at the front of the classroom and he let out a long-suffering sigh. “Professor Winchester. I was wondering if I might have a word.”
Dean made his way to bed after completing his nightly rituals, but shortly after he’d slid under the covers, his stomach rumbled. His thoughts wandered longingly towards the beef and broccoli he’d abandoned earlier, and the more he thought about it, the more he wanted a snack.
He spat in his palm and wrapped a hand around himself steadily, despite his trembling thighs. His cock pulsed in his hand, hot and heavy. A soft sound of want escaped him as he tightened his grip just a little and began rocking up into his hand. Castiel wasn’t trying to get himself off, Dean had told him not to come yet. This was just building the anticipation.
“Oh, no, I’m done for the day,” Castiel assured him. “I was actually going to head along for some tea, but if you have your hands full—”
He hung the phone up awkwardly, staring at it for a moment before pocketing it and reaching for his tea. He pulled a face at the temperature. Cold. Pursing his lips, Castiel rose to order a fresh cup. He’d even order something extra fancy, in defiance of his supposed colleague’s condescending tone about Castiel’s favourite tea shop. Thinking about it again made him grit his teeth, and he pushed all thoughts of the rude stranger out of his head as he headed to the counter.
The profound nature of the words echoed around them in the silence, crackling with energy. For the first time since Castiel had arrived, their eyes met, charged with a tension that had always hung between them. They were teetering on the precipice of something huge, something that would change and define them.
“Thank you. This lecture was important to finals and it would have thrown off my schedule if I’d had to cancel.”
“Friday maybe?” Castiel suggested, thinking over his schedule. “Gabriel expressed a want to cover an evening rush again for practice, so I could take the night off.”
“Dean,” he corrected automatically. “You can call me Dean. I’m not a cop right now. Just… a friend.”
She ushered her companion forward and Castiel stopped dead as he came face to face with Dean. He looked amazing in his black tuxedo, fitted from every angle, his hair brushed neatly and his stubble trimmed tidily. He was undoubtedly the most beautiful person in the room and the abrupt meeting made Castiel feel a little dizzy.
“Special of the day. A flourless dark chocolate cake, filled with pistachio cream and honey streusel topping. Glad to see you’re looking better.”
Dean winced and pulled the headphones out of his ears as he turned to see a very irate, stressed-looking Castiel. If he looked past the furious expression aimed in his direction, it was clear to see how ragged Castiel was. He had bags under his eyes, his hair greasy and stuck up at all angles, and his hands were shaking as he gestured angrily in Dean’s direction.
He’d just gotten back to the kitchen from the basement and was perusing his cupboards when there was a cough behind him. Dean jumped, whirling around and hand automatically flying to where his gun would normally be. His heart thudded even as he registered it was Castiel, clean and with damp hair and freshly shaven. “Jesus, we need to get you a bell or something, Cas.”
Dean agreed, although he still felt the burning disappointment that Castiel still planned to go ahead with his idea of moving out. It had been six months since he’d taken the apartment, and only a month since he said he felt ready to move out. Their relationship had blossomed, loving and healthy. Dean had never been happier, and he was sure Castiel felt the same. To him, it felt like they would be taking a step backwards if Castiel moved out again. It wouldn’t be that long before they’d end up taking the next step and living together again.
Castiel gave him a watery smile, not fooled by the casual offer, but Dean hadn’t expected him to be. He knew Castiel would fight him about paying for things like this in the future, but tonight was different.
Castiel tried his best to look sympathetic but he knew he was failing miserably. He’d already given his opinion, that asking a colleague out on a date was a terrible idea when you worked so closely with them. Yet Balthazar had ignored his advice and asked Anna out anyway.
A soft smile on his face, Dean left him to it, heading up to make up the guest bed. He should feel wary about leaving Castiel alone in his kitchen with access to an abundance of knives, but he didn’t. Even without the gun in his waistband, Dean knew he had nothing to fear. That Castiel wasn’t the type of person to hurt someone on purpose. The knife thing had been an accident, nothing more.
“Right,” Castiel remembered, nodding thoughtfully. “Well, we’ll figure something out tomorrow. We can compare schedules and see when we can make it happen.”
, they’d make him switch schools. For the second time. Castiel had started at the fancy private middle school across town, but he’d been miserable there. His friend Dean had gone to the local middle school—where Castiel was now enrolled—and he didn’t want to move someplace else. He wanted to stay with Dean.
No response. Dean’s gaze sharpened as the homeless man didn’t even acknowledge his words. He edged closer, squinting through the heavy rainfall to the unresponsive man and then shrugging back at his partner.
“Now, now, Castiel, isn’t that quite a biased question?” Dean raised an eyebrow at him, his smile turning into a brief smirk as one corner pulled up higher than the other. “You’re in my restaurant, all of the dishes are no less than perfect. Surely you wouldn’t expect me to talk down some of my dishes and suggest you should have ordered something else?”
“Eat,” he instructed, sitting next to him to make sure Castiel ate it all. His actions received a glare from his fiancé, but Dean didn’t care.
“I didn’t know at all. My mom… she was ashamed. She covered my wrists, never mentioned the word soulmate in front of me. The first time I heard it was at school and nobody could understand how I’d never heard of soulmates. My teacher made me roll up my sleeve for the demonstration and gave this almost horrified gasp. I was so humiliated.” Castiel’s cheeks burned. “I think I was almost eight, and there was this big thing that I didn’t know about.”
He paid no attention to the other half of the classroom, too caught up in his own teaching. If he had, he might have noticed the attention Dean was giving him, hanging onto every word Castiel said.
“Cas, come on, cut it out, I’m trying to read,” Dean laughed, but he tilted his head to the side to give Castiel more access, in direct contrast to his words.
The door closed and Castiel was plunged into darkness. The cell held nothing more than a lumpy mattress, a sink and a toilet. A small roll of toilet paper that was more like sandpaper than two-ply. Castiel didn’t care. He just settled on the thin mattress. Now it was just a matter of waiting. It wouldn’t be long.
He found his friend by the drinks, pouring himself a few fingers of a very expensive-looking brandy, dressed in a fine suit jacket with an expensive looking cashmere jumper underneath.
He abandoned all thoughts of ice cream in favour of just getting the hell out of the store. The evening air was welcome, and even in his lightweight button down and t-shirt combination, he felt stifled. Leaning against the hood of his car, he tilted his face up to the sky and tried to get his emotions under control. He just needed a minute.
“No, they’re perfect. I just… can’t understand why I can’t make them right. I did everything you just did.”
Castiel lectured quietly but with no less passion than if he’d had his full classroom. He commanded the attention of all his students as he talked about the origins of the Romantic poets. Coleridge. Shelley. Keats. Byron.
“You can try to make sense of my situation all you like, Officer, but not everything fits neatly into a box.”
“Well, do you?” Castiel asked, hesitantly. “This is your last chance. If you run away after Gabriel gets here, he might shoot you.”
Castiel leaned in and gently pressed their lips together, before pulling back and ducking his head shyly. “I should probably wait for the ceremony before we do that again, huh? Are you still worried?”
As he pulled open the door, Castiel’s heart skipped a beat as Dean stood before him. It had been almost a year since he’d last seen his childhood best friend and first love, and for a moment nothing but happiness enveloped him. He hadn’t changed much at all, really. Same green eyes, same countless freckles, same dirt smudges across his cheek—
“Thanks. Always knew Sammy would make it. I never had what it takes for college myself, so I never worried about it. We didn’t have much growing up, but I knew I’d find the money for him to go no matter what. Of course, he made that pointless by getting a full ride.”
Castiel pushed open the door to Morning Sunshine Bakery with only a mild amount of hesitation. His concern was pushed aside to be momentarily forgotten as warmth washed over him from the interior. The scene of sugary sweetness, fresh pastries, and freshly-brewed coffee assaulted his senses and Castiel inhaled deeply.
“Hmm,” Castiel mused. “And your chefs? Do I have the honour of your personal culinary prowess today?”
The breath knocked out of his lungs, Dean shakes his head. Castiel could never resent him, Castiel loved him. Always had. Even though Dean is sometimes a jerk and drinks too much and never talks about his feelings. It’s this stupid job, working for Sandover Bridge & Iron Inc. is too competitive, puts too much on him and he’s a far cry from the carefree student that Castiel had fallen in love with. Some days, Dean doesn’t even recognise himself.
“She’s not the only one,” Castiel muttered, digging into his appetiser. “I’m not even a criminal and I could have seriously hurt you the night we met. I have nightmares that you get hurt.”
“Well, that rather answers that question, doesn’t it? Maybe I should actually start listening to your advice, Cassie, if you can charm a tall drink of water like that.”
But Castiel had asked him to stay away, so Dean stared fiercely at the books and tried to study. After a few hours, he gave it up as a bad job and packed everything away. He hadn’t heard anything from Castiel and he wasn’t sure if that was a good sign or a worrying one.
There wasn’t much call for conversation on the ride back to Castiel’s apartment. The sounds of classic rock that Castiel only vaguely recognised punctuated the silence between them that would otherwise have only been broken by Castiel’s occasional direction.
“How do you know all this?” Castiel cringed as his mother joined them in the entry hall, having overheard every word of their conversation.
The years fell away between them as they stepped towards each other. There were no signals, or words spoken, but in unison they fell into each other’s arms.
“He insisted,” Charlie pressed. “I’m sure it’s not meant as an attempt at influencing your review. Dean always says his food speaks for itself. He just wants to meet you, is all.”
Castiel looked at Dean, observing his beautiful green eyes. His freckles. The dirt smudges that were still smeared across his cheek. “Yes,” he said eventually. “But it’s right here.”
Dean nodded again, relaxing his grip on the arm rest slightly. The weight in his chest felt lighter now, the knowledge that Castiel would always be there for him bringing clarity as it pushed away the fog in his head. So when his husband joined him again and buckled himself into the next seat, Dean reached out and clasped his hand tightly, not out of fear, but out of love.
He worked through the papers, engrossed in his work, his red pen flying over the paper, notes scrawled in margins. Castiel was so lot in his grading, he completely missed the knocking on his office door. He didn’t look up until the door pushed open, the subsequent draft sending a section of his already-graded papers scattered around the room.
Dean didn’t bat an eyelid, barely waiting for Castiel to finish the sentence before he waved dismissively. “I’ve been in this classroom every week since the beginning of the semester. I assure you that I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be.”
Castiel was grateful that none of his lectures were too far away. The Applied Sciences building was just next door so he didn’t have a hefty trek. When Tuesday rolled around, he headed for Room 221, briefcase in hand as he prepared for his lesson on the Romantics. Most of his students usually waited inside the classroom for him, but today they were all waiting outside, looking confused.
She waves her hand at the shattered dashboard of the Impala. Immediately, the hands of the clock begin to tick, faster and faster until they’re whirring at an impossible speed. Dean stared, transfixed, until -
“Of course I did,” Dean snapped. “You wouldn’t understand, living here with your titles and your money, you’ve never had to worry about where your next meal was coming from. But you’re judging me for joining a movement that promises me a better life?”
A flicker of pain crosses Dean’s face, but it’s smoothed out almost immediately, to be replaced by his regular charming smile. “Something like that,” he says. “Good luck with your soulmate. I hope they’re everything you want them to be.”
Dean leaned back against the chair with a sigh. It was like getting blood from a stone. “This will go a lot smoother if you just answer my questions. I’m not trying to trick you, I want to understand your circumstances before you got to where you are now.”
Castiel stared at him across the table and Dean could feel the weight of the calculating gaze. “Thank you,” he said eventually.
Stunned, unable to believe this was really happening, Castiel could do little more than nod. He stared at Gabriel the entire time he was in sight, watching the car drive away until it rounded the corner and was gone. Castiel didn’t truly know how to react in that moment. His chest felt hollow, lost, his attempts at breathing didn’t seem to fill his lungs with enough oxygen.
Castiel didn’t reply at first, just returned to eating his lasagna. The plate was clear but Castiel didn’t move, just looked at it forlornly, as if wondering where it had all gone.
Castiel’s lips parted in surprise. Was that true? “I hadn’t realised you were listening. I hope I wasn’t interrupting your own teaching.”
Castiel turned to give a quick glance at the doorway and paused when he saw Dean staring at him, holding two paper cups and shifting awkwardly. When they made eye contact, Dean gave a tentative smile.
Any more words they might have uttered were lost as Castiel closed the gap between them again, abandoning his dessert in favour of a far sweeter feeling.
She immediately set to her task of making the tea, and gave no impression that she was about to call for Dean as usual. Castiel wasn’t sure what motivated that choice, whether she was taking pity on him while he was sick, or if Dean had told her not to.
A twinkle in his eye, Castiel turned his attention back to the chef. “No, I’m just not allowed to tell you if I think it tastes good. Technically. You’ll have to wait for the review to be printed.”
Dean was lost for words. His face was burning with embarrassment, but he couldn’t feel bad when Castiel was standing there, looking gorgeous with an emerald green bow tie and an expensive tailored suit, staring at him with love and adoration. He leaned into the touch when Castiel raised a hand to cup Dean’s cheek.
They laid still for a long time, until Castiel’s stomach growled loudly. It startled a laugh out of both of them and Dean tapped him on the nose. “Wanna get pizza? I’m buying.”
“I smell… lavender. And citrus.” Castiel looked up, his heart thudding loudly in his chest, and found Dean smiling across at him with a pleased expression.
When they broke apart, he was staring at Castiel with awe and a little bit of heat. Slowly, Castiel’s hands unknotted from his hair and he cleared his throat.
Castiel glanced over the menu with a raised eyebrow. As the most renowned food critic in the Midwest, he’d seen his fair share of extravagant menus. Some of them had delivered on it, others had not. This one was promising, and he had high hopes it would deliver the absolute perfection he had come to anticipate in his line of work.
Dean gaped, and then his face slowly went red as he took a deep breath. He was about to unleash hell, to ask Sam if he was out of his mind for even suggesting such a thing. How could he ever change his mind about wanting to spend the rest of his life with Castiel? The smug expression on his brother’s face stopped him short.
“I think it’s highly unethical and will skew the results for the student in question,” Castiel replied, and when he saw Dean’s shoulders slump, he felt guilt adding to the weight in his chest. He truly didn’t think he had the strength to pretend to be in a relationship with Dean. To feign everything he wanted, for Dean to ask him that, was the cruellest thing Castiel could ever imagine.
A ringing cell phone. An ancient one at that. Castiel may have been out of touch with modern technology, but even he knew that phones hadn’t flipped open since the early 2000’s.
His hand stills on the next photograph and his mind goes blank. Wait. Was it possible? He pulls out the previous photograph and flips it, swallowing as he looks for a caption.
His eyes flew open wide as he let out an audible gasp, his slacks tighter than they had been a few seconds ago. Now he remembered, and he was ashamed that he’d almost forgotten. That had been one of the most amazing experiences of Castiel’s life, and he’d experienced millennia. Idly, Castiel palmed at his crotch, remembering the way Dean had shoved him face-first into the mattress, claiming every part of his body.
