Castiel stared at Dean, softening sadly as he listened. His shoulders fell and he fished out and tugged on his own boxers, then scooted across the seat to tilt Dean’s chin toward him. “Dean, look at me.” Dean did, and Castiel leaned in to press a soft kiss to the center of his forehead. He withdrew slowly, and said, “We’re not cursed. We can call it anything you want. I’m with you.”
Cas hummed and smiled. “That’s true,” he conceded. He opened his eyes and rolled to face Dean, mirroring his position. “But you never write letters.”
Dean smiled unconsciously squeezed Castiel closer as the wind picked up, suddenly gusting and chilly. The candles flickered out almost in unison, leaving only the lantern. “Means I’ll never stop worrying about you either. So I got no room to argue.”
“Navassa Island,” said Castiel, and he tugged on Dean’s hand a little to lead him forward through the sand, closer to the waves. “Jamaica is to the west, Haiti is to the east, and Cuba is north. South of us is the Caribbean Sea for about five-hundred miles. If we went in a straight line from here, we’d be in Columbia,” Castiel said, rambling for a bit, clearly enjoying himself. “It’s uninhabited. There’s a lighthouse that three people used to live here to keep going, but it’s automatic now. I—turned it off for a while for us.”
Rowena smiled and cast a glance over her shoulder at the shelves of books. “Fret not, Dean-y. I’ve plenty to keep me busy.”
Dean stared up at him, and Castiel stared down, messy and panting and drenched in sweat. Finally, Castiel leaned down to bruise his lips against Dean’s, again and again, and Dean wound his fingers into Castiel’s hair as Castiel slipped slowly, carefully out and collapsed on top of him.
“I don’t know,” Castiel answered, too seriously. When Dean blinked at him, he winked back. “Have to check my calendar.”
“You first, bitch,” Sam answered, smiling wide. He drained half of his champagne and then turned to his cake.
“Listen, I’m not good at this,” Dean interrupted. “I never have been. And if we—if we do this thing for real, say it out loud and make it true, I don’t know how that works,” he confessed. “I don’t know what that looks like, Cas. This is uncharted territory. What I
“And I was literally a demon,” said Dean. He sat down beside Rowena and extended his arm. “So here you go, fresh from the tap.”
Castiel mirrored Dean’s sound, sucking hot, gentle kisses down the length of Dean’s neck, When he reached the curve where it met Dean’s shoulder, he let go of the blanket and spread his left hand over Dean’s hip near the waistband of his still-unbuttoned jeans, his right hand lifting to trace two fingers across Dean’s jawline to his ear, then down the invisible line his lips had drawn.
“Oh, interesting. Your Nephilim’s still powered down.” Michael tilted his head in genuine interest. “Tell me—Jack, was it? What’s that like?”
"No, Dean--you think you know. But I want you to understand. I need you to know some things about me. About my life before you." Dean is silent. I remove my hand, fold it with the other in my lap. "Is that alright?" He nods, and again, I let my eyes close. I hear him shuffle, turn to watch me. I love thinking about his eyes--so green and bright and heavy--watching me.
Dean blinked back his shock and Sam’s lips turned up into a silent, satisfied smirk, that only grew larger when Castiel, having misread the situation, answered, “I believe it’s been eight, or six, if we logically subtract the years I was—”
“Great,” he said, sliding into a seat on Castiel’s other side. “Like a damn baby, believe it or not.”
With a rush of wind, Michael disappeared, leaving the room in stunned silence. The shadow of Castiel’s wings disappeared as they folded back into the dark, the blue light receding.
“Just kidding,” said Dean’s voice, though it wasn’t Dean. Michael rolled his shoulders and folded his arms, grin spreading as he stared down Castiel. “Did you really think that would work on me? Castiel, you’ve lost your touch.”
“Oh, sure,” said Jack. He grinned at Dean, then turned to Castiel, setting the raw meat aside on the table. “How are you feeling, Castiel?”
“How do we know when we got it all?” asked Sam, pausing the extraction. He looked up to Rowena. “And how do we know which grace belongs to Cas?”
Dean sipped his beer and moved around to the couch, sinking down and patting the seat next to him. “You sound disappointed,” he said, cautiously.
“It’s a lot,” said Sam, understanding. He was quiet for a few moments, watching Castiel, and then he drained his beer and stood up. “Look—if you’re okay for now, I need a few hours of shut-eye. I’m not retaining any of this research, and if you’re good—”
“I did,” said Dean, voice rough. He settled into a free seat with a groan and looked Sam over. “Have you slept?”
Castiel pulled back and opened his eyes to stare down at Dean, pupils lust-blown, lips red and wet. “What is it?” He blinked, then started to turn over. “It got so dark…” He sat up and looked out toward the lake and inhaled sharp and low. Dean sat up beside him and smiled.
Dean smiled. “C’mon,” he said. He pressed a quick kiss to Castiel’s lips and turned for the kitchen. Quietly and a little off-pitch, Dean began to sing to the now former angel, peeking over his shoulder as he did.
“Michael killed him,” said Dean, shaking his head. Unlike Sam, he didn’t bother concealing the ache of resignation in his voice or his own tears. They rolled down his cheeks so freely and steadily that they left dark spots of moisture on the collar of his shirt where they fell. “Michael k—” he gulped. “Michael shot him in the head and it’s on me. Cas is dead and it’s my fault.”
The cops stopped her at the caution tape, but it was all well enough; there were witnesses hanging around, and Claire was decent enough at faking sympathy to get them to talk. Sam watched her disappear into a small throng of onlookers, and then turned to peer after his brother and the angel, and the icy way they walked, far apart and speechless, towards him.
Dean noticed, and blushed. “We should uhh—clean up. Get back. Time is it, anyway?” He reached to snag his shirt from the floorboard and found it heavy, still soaked. “Crap.”
Castiel’s eyes trailed from Sam to the rearview mirror as he spoke, where he briefly met Dean’s green gaze. It was quick as a blink, but Sam didn’t miss it.
“I’d like that,” Castiel answered. He sunk his hands into the pockets of his borrowed jeans and his smile grew. “When?”
Castiel hummed against Dean’s lips and pushed his hands up Dean’s back, pulling him down close. He kissed back feverishly, parting his lips in breathy little gasps that sucked the air from Dean’s lungs, sent Dean’s head spinning. The wind gusted again, and Dean shivered, goosebumps prickling his arms. Beneath him, Castiel was warm and writhing, and the contrasting temperatures somehow made him shake harder, though he tried to ignore it—sucked Castiel’s bottom lip into his mouth and grazed it with his teeth. Castiel moaned in response and crooked a knee into Dean’s side, then used that as leverage, flipping them so Dean was on his back, Castiel on top.
“It’s going to take some time,” said Sam gently. “But you’re here. You’re safe, and we’re real. We’ll remind you as often as you need. Forever, if we have to.” He paused. “We’ll all get anchors,” he decided. “Things you can touch and know are true.”
Dean paced back and forth in front of the table in the library, watching the witchy version of a petri dish full of dull rocks in the middle, covered by a protective glass dome.
Dean looked back at Castiel with his eyebrows raised. “I was going to say asleep,” he said. “But okay.” He sighed and brought his hands up to cover Castiel’s, still on his cheeks, and shut his eyes hard. “Man, I’ve got the worst damn headache…”
Dean watched Castiel openly, listening in silence, and then with the angel’s last word he smiled. “Glad you’re enjoying yourself.” He stared at Castiel a moment longer, then began to shift himself. “What about this?”
Castiel rolled his eyes, snagging his trench coat from where it had been resting for days, slung over the back of a kitchen chair.
“Y—es?” Castiel croaked out haltingly, regaining himself. He looked from Jack and Sam to Dean, who cut his gaze aside and nodded once, but otherwise didn’t look up. “Yes,” said Castiel more certainly, straightening his shoulders.
Sam blinked at Castiel, staring at him a moment, his phone abandoned. “It’s heartache,” he said simply, almost in awe. “You’ve never—you don’t feel that as an angel?”
With a word, Dean’s hands were rendered useless, his body going slack. It was as if every bone in his body had turned to jelly.  He dropped heavy as a rock, paralyzed, to the floor, head cracking hard against the concrete. In the corners of his eyes, the already dark warehouse grew darker, black spreading over them like a blanket. He was aware of a few things: the throbbing, claw marks still oozing on his cheek; the bloody shirt, clinging to him coldly; the sensation of something warm trickling through his hair, pooling beneath his head. Dean’s ears were ringing, but through the buzz, he heard Sam calling his name, something snarling, Claire’s yelling, and a gunshot.
Castiel glanced behind him and sighed. “Looking for anything on archangel grace.  It’s frustrating. Most of this I already know just by virtue of being an angel.”
“Not a problem,” said Dean, his words gentle. He kissed Castiel’s hair again, and while he was there, Castiel tilted his head up to press his forehead briefly to Dean’s.
Sam snorted. “Yeah, okay.” He took the chair on Dean’s other side, clapping his brother loudly on the back as he settled.
Sam snorted. He relaxed into his chair and happily watched the scene play out in front of him. He was beginning to finish off his own beer when he hesitated with it on his lips, then looked to Dean. “What about a ring?”
“NO!” the wolf engaged with Claire bellowed, which afforded Claire the in she needed. From beneath the body of the slain wolf, Dean watched as the blonde hunter flashed across the floor to the gun that had apparently been wrangled away from her. She was impressively fast, and impressively accurate: as the grieving wolf lit out for Dean, Claire fired, hitting it squarely in the back.
Castiel landed face down a few feet from Dean. He scrambled on his hands and knees for purchase, and Dean rushed forward to jerk him to his feet, then stepped possessively out in front. “What do you
“Never in a million years did I think I’d see my big brother married,” Sam began, glass in the air. “Much less married to a—”
Rowena smoothed the front of her dress. “I’m working on a hybrid spell,” she said. “One we can use to isolate poor Castiel’s grace from Michael’s so we can work the extraction spell.”
The men were ready to leave not long after, and Sam made a point to leave Dean and Cas alone a little longer than necessary for some grace-healing of their own while he packed up the car.
When he was gone, Dean let his façade shrink. His shoulders fell and his hard face softened as he stepped toward Castiel. “Cas, I—”
“Sam,” Dean interrupted, tone warning. Castiel replaced his hand on Dean’s knee beneath the table and squeezed.
And there was; Sam unlocked the cabinet and pulled out the jar that held the syringe of grace, carefully setting it down on the table. Like oil and water, the graces had separated: Michael’s gold-tinged grace heavy on the bottom, Castiel’s bright blue on the top, just as Rowena promised. Sam grinned and grabbed a couple vials, then angled the needle of the syringe down into one of them. Slowly, carefully, he pressed the plunger, pushing wisps of Castiel’s grace into the vial until only Michael’s golden grace remained. He corked Castiel’s vial and set it aside, then pushed Michael’s grace less carefully into the second vial and sealed it as well.
“She is,” Dean conceded with a little laugh. Relief flooded the sound, but he bottled it up quickly. “Where are you, Cas? Are you okay? We’re coming for you. We found a way. I’m sorry—I’m so sorry, Cas, I—”
Castiel hummed and sank back into his chair and combed his hand back through spikes of his still damp hair. “You wanted to talk?”
Dean felt himself choking on nothing and tried his best to swallow it, but he was sure Castiel could see his Adam’s apple bob with the gulp. The room felt suddenly hot and electric, almost as if Castiel still owned his wings and he was flexing them, filling every inch of space with power. A chill of anticipation shivered down Dean’s spine despite the heat and settled in his stomach, wanting. Dean was trying to come up with an answer that didn’t give in but also didn’t push Castiel away when, on the other side of the bed, his phone buzzed—and he was secretly grateful for the interruption. He cleared his throat and tore his eyes away from Castiel, cheeks red, to check the message.
“Won’t be long,” Dean assured, nodding, as he turned to begin slowly walking through the rows of musty pre-owned goods, 80’s pop music thrumming lowly through a radio back at the front desk.
“Mmm, no, this won’t do,” said Michael dully. He unclenched his hand and Dean heard Castiel hack and cough. “I want you to see this, Dean. I want you to suffer.”
“Of course I do,” Dean said, almost offended. He drank in Castiel’s bared chest. “I don’t want you to think—It’s not just sex,” he protested.
“She’s just being a brat, Cas,” Dean said, relaxing his shoulders, though the tension stayed in his creased brow. “Since we’re—y’know. Pretending to be a thing.”
Dean’s thoughts stilled as he turned the corner to another aisle and was greeted by rows upon rows of vinyls and, opposite those, old turntables. He blinked at them, then down at his watch, then loped down the aisle to poke his head out the other side.
Dean’s stomach swam again, but this time it was full of electricity instead of acid, butterflies instead of bile. He lunged forward to claim Castiel’s lips in a hard, warm kiss, pulling the breath from his lover’s lungs. “Of course, Cas. I want you however I can have you.”
“Duuude…” said Dean, though he was holding his own head. “This is why Chuck didn’t want people here.”
The robotic female voice blurted up from Sam’s phone. He stared down at it, then looked up at Castiel. “I forgot to hang up.”
Dean woke on day 7 of Castiel’s humanity to find the other half of the bed empty. He rolled to his back and stretched, mumbling to himself, “So much for the honeymoon phase.” Dean slipped from bed and started across the room, pointedly keeping his gaze away from the desk and the pile of records stacked on top, now without a player to make them useful. He showered quickly, brushed his teeth, dressed, and made for the kitchen.
“You’re too young to remember her, boy,” said the old man with a chuckle, beginning to slip the records into a paper sack. “America’s darling in the forties and fifties. A real doll. Bluest eyes you ever seen. They knocked you flat on your back.”
“I can’t—I can’t tell,” Dean said, and stumbled backwards. “You gotta check. I can’t, I can’t, Sammy, not again, I can’t—”
“I’ll be in the Dean Cave,” said Dean, waggling his eyebrows a little. He squeezed Castiel on the shoulder and then turned for the door, waving Sam and Jack into the hallway and pulling the door closed behind them.
Dean relaxed against Castiel and let out a slow breath, closing his eyes, savoring the warmth of Castiel’s skin. “I know,” he said softly. He reached up to trail his fingers slowly up and down Castiel’s arm over his chest. “I just forget sometimes. How—I dunno—ancient you are. Powerful. I know you’re an angel, but I don’t always process what exactly that means.”
“You’re gonna have to prove it to me,” said Dean. “Something I couldn’t make up in my head to convince me it’s you.”
He could smell the scent of coffee wafting lazily in from the kitchen. He walked down the hall and could see Sam—or rather, a projection of Sam—reading in the library. Mary’s voice called to her son from somewhere, and Sam rose to find her, walking straight through Castiel’s non-body and disappearing around the corner.
Castiel moved to get the empty cups, but Dean reached out and caught his hand, saying, “Don’t, it’s okay—” before he realized himself and quickly released Castiel, dropping his hands to his lap.
I remember being at a shoreline. Watching a little gray fish heave itself up onto the beach, and an older brother saying, 'Don't step on that fish, Castiel. Big plans for that fish.' And we were given our assignments--builders, soldiers, healers--guardian angels, planets and parts of Heaven we could rule--" I pause, open my eyes to wink at Dean, "Saturn technically belongs to me. Some cultures figured that much out. In Greece, they called me Cronus, though the myths they wrote about me are truly only myths. In Egypt, they knew me as Horus; many in the Hebrew faith called me the Father of Time, or the Angel of Solitude and Tears. The latter, I suppose, proved somewhat true, but--Dean."
“Just—be patient with me,” said Dean. He dropped his hand to take Castiel’s. “M’trying. But it’s hard, between the Michael nightmares, the nightmares about you…it’s hard.”
Sam glanced over at Jack and Castiel, and Castiel shrugged. “Fair enough,” he said. “How’d you get the grace?”
“We call upon thee, Belial,” Rowena repeated, and the blood in the goblet began to hiss and steam, though they were not destroyed. “And ask humbly for infernal communion. Commander of dark legions, King beneath the bellows of the Earth, Belial, we ask and await your presence with gifts of blood and bone. Belial, we seek thee and thy power!”
“Shh—stop,” hushed Castiel, shaking his head. “It’s alright, Dean. I’m not upset.” He stopped cleaning and switched out the blood-soaked gauze from Dean’s worst cut for a clean one, then set about wrapping a large piece around Dean’s knuckles to hold it in place. He held it down and snagged the tape with his free hand, ripping a piece off with his teeth to stick the bandage down. “I saw it, too.”
Despite himself, Dean’s prodding did manage to elicit a small smirk. “The archangel grace is—it’s more than I’m used to. I can control it when I’m in control, but…I don’t know. It’s a little like being drunk.”
"Yeah, I uhh--don't want to talk about it," Dean grumbles, head hanging forwards again. "I'm glad you're here, Cas," he adds. The tightness in my chest releases--opens like a flower inside me, fills my gut with TV static. I still have the most difficult time figuring out what words to use. Humans are so complicated. So wonderful.
“Yeah, bring it here,” commanded Dean, though after a look from Sam he added softly, “…please. Give it to Sam.”
.” He looked up to Castiel, who wat watching with that blue intensity, and when it became apparent the angel wasn’t going to speak, he continued.
“Guess again,” said Cas. No—Cas’s lips didn’t move. It was a voice behind Cas, disembodied. Cas looked petrified, frozen.
At first, the archangel grace rattled in Castiel’s bones, almost as if he was vibrating—like an earthquake or the shockwaves after an explosion, and somewhere in the human part of his consciousness, he was briefly reminded of videos Dean had shown him of nuclear weapon tests in Bikini Atoll. Castiel wondered which component he might be: the warhead or the earth that caved beneath it.
“I didn’t,” said Cas, a wide grin splitting his face. “But we’ve played this game a hundred times, and that’s always what you say when I guess wrong.” He propped himself up onto an elbow and shrugged. “It was a gambit. Looks like it worked this time.” Dean stared at him, slack-jawed as his anger drained, and Cas tilted his head, narrowed his eyes. “Now you try to guess what I’m thinking.”
Castiel looked back up at Dean and searched his eyes. “I feel helpless,” he finally said, softly. “Useless. Like a child.”
“Let me get everything ready and we can start in an hour,” Rowena answered quietly. She looked up at Sam. “Where are we doing this, Samuel?”
Castiel stood and moved out of the way, pushing back his chair. “We can go look for one together. Maybe a heavy-duty one.”
“He’ll realize what a dick he’s being soon if he hasn’t already. He probably already knows and he’s just embarrassed.”
Dean shook his head. He swallowed. “Was a dream, I guess,” he said lowly, cheeks coloring. “God, I’m so stupid.”
“But—wait,” Dean faltered, leaning back in his chair. “What’s Belial’s deal? How do we get him out, first of all, because you know what happened last time we broke something out of a cage in Hell,” he said, holding up a finger. He lifted another. “And second, what’s to say he’ll even help us? What’s stopping him from doing exactly what Michael wanted to do?”
“I just can’t lose you again, man,” said Dean, suddenly serious again. His fingers dug into Castiel’s back. “I’m barely keeping it together with the nightmares. I can’t—”
“And then Michael brings me here, and I see—” Castiel cuts himself off, and unintentionally, his wings finally unfurl from his back in a massive, bright blue wave. Dean’s eyes widened, but Castiel didn’t relent. “So now, Dean, if you love me, if you have
“What are you not telling me?” demanded Dean. He leaned forward and grimaced at the movement, but reached out to touch Castiel’s other cheek, swiping away the rest of the grace. Dean pulled back to look at the blue light swirling off his fingers, then disappear.
The song faded out and the album ended, filling the room with the soft clicks and static hum of vinyl, but Dean and dream Cas didn’t part. Castiel watched as the couple ceased their dancing and stood still, lost to time and each other. The breathy sounds of kisses mingled with the skipping static, and the very air was like electricity. Dean and dream Cas worked themselves into a slow passion—gently biting and sucking and pulling the breath from each other’s lungs. Dream Cas leaned away and reached for Dean’s hand, backing up towards the bed, blue eyes a cold fire.
“I went to get something to eat,” said Castiel softly. “For the hangover.” He shook his head gently at Dean. “I didn’t want to wake you.”
“What? Cas, no,” said Dean, blinking out of his contentment and sitting up to look at Castiel. He closed his hand around the angel’s shoulder. “That was the best I’ve—it was perfect,” he said, leaning to replace his hand with a soft kiss to Castiel’s arm.
Castiel had Dean’s belt and jeans undone and was pushing his hands into Dean’s boxers, fingers squeezing Dean’s hip. He broke away from Dean’s lips to start trailing kisses and nips down Dean’s chest instead. He pushed Dean’s back to the table and was biting the skin over Dean’s his hipbone, about to relieve Dean of his clothing, when he suddenly froze in place. “Who else is in the bunker?”
“Hey, Jude,” Dean began to sing into Castiel’s hair, soft, low, and a little off-key. “Don’t make it bad. Take a sad song and make it better…remember to let her—him into your heart, then you can start to make it better…”
“Glad you’re feeling better,” said Sam, smirking. He followed Dean’s gaze to Castiel’s back, then cleared his throat again. “Hey, Jack,” he called over to the kid still seated on the other bed. “Why don’t you come with me? We’ll stop wherever looks good to you. More than one place, if you want.”
The room fuzzed into view slowly, in shades of dull red, as Dean opened his eyes. “Mmph,” he grumbled into his pillow, the red slowly taking shape into the brick wall of their bedroom in the bunker. He sighed through his nose and closed his eyes again. “S’my line.”
“Right…” said Dean, hesitating, his cheer fading. “Are you good, Cas? Like really good? I—” he cut himself off and the reality of the last hour settled in. He stared at Castiel’s back, his shoulder blades through the t-shirt, eyes wide.
Jack found an empty spot and set about his task, and for a moment, the kitchen was quiet except for the sounds of knives on cutting boards, the sizzling of vegetables in a pan.
“So anyway, Cas isn’t dying,” said Dean. “He’s grieving.” Silence hung heavy in the kitchen, and Dean pushed up from his seat. “You know where to find me,” he said, and then on the way out, “Get some sleep.”
Sam pulled out his gun and took aim for one of the sprinklers on the roof of the warehouse. “Go, Cas!” he yelled, and fired. The sound of the gunshot echoed loudly through the warehouse and brought the artificial storm; water started spraying instantly, getting heavier as the system connected to the other spigots. Dean didn’t move, but the light in the room began to dance itself into darkness as the fire was smothered.
Castiel smiled in spite of himself, a swell of pride puffing up his chest, and he nodded. “That’s true,” he said, easing the car down the road once more. “They weren’t born knowing what they know, even though sometimes it seems that way. They had to learn and grow just like everyone else. Just like you will.”
“Just after midnight. Twelve-seventeen in the morning,” he answered, rummaging through the fridge. “What would you like to eat?”
Jack grinned and passed Castiel a slice, and then Sam, before cutting his own. “I’m very good at following directions.”
The light spit them out hard in Eden, and neither landed on their feet. The first thing Sam did, still on his hands and knees, was vomit up the breakfast he’d just eaten.
Dean snorted and shook his head, smiling awkwardly. He looked down at nothing and after a moment, his face smoothed over seriously. Dean licked his lips and looked back up to Castiel. “How about now?”
Castiel watched as Dean contorted oddly, wrestling with the wet fabric to try and clothe himself. He grinned and followed suit. When they were both fully dressed, they climbed over the front seat—avoiding the rain outside—and Dean drove them home in comfortable silence, classic rock on the radio, rain pelting the hood, their hands clasped easily on the seat between them.
“You’re right,” said Dean, and Castiel bristled. Dean swallowed and shook his head. He stepped into Castiel’s space and hesitantly reached for his lover’s cheek, as if asking permission. “No, I—I’m sorry. I was—”
“I love you too,” Dean answered. He lifted his other hand to Castiel’s cheek and drew him back in, parting his lips into another, deeper kiss.
“I guess he just doesn’t think it’s, I dunno, practical or something,” said Dean with a shrug, unconsciously mirroring Sam’s posture. “He just like, mojos them clean or something.”
“You,” said Castiel. He reached his hand down between them to palm at Dean’s hardened length, lined it up against his own, and Dean gasped.
“That’s a good idea,” agreed Castiel, though he didn’t look away from Dean. He dropped his hand from Dean’s cheek and gingerly slipped it and his other beneath both of Dean’s hands, lifting them up to inspect the damage.
“Yes,” said Castiel, sighing through his nose. He was quiet for a time, thoughtful, until they reached the caution light at the edge of the town limits, the yellow lights blinking for no one at this infant hour. He slowed to a stop anyway, letting the engine turn over and putter. “We’ll find a way to get your powers back,” he said. “I swear we will.”
Dean looked over Castiel’s shoulder at the mess of research and glass. “Why don’t you take a break from this, huh? Clear your head a little. Watch some Netflix or something.” Castiel nodded, and Dean smiled. “Hey,” he said, reaching up once more to brush Castiel’s hair back. “I love you.”
When Cas is under Rowena’s spell, and Dean is so gentle with him in the bunker, takes such care to wrap him in blankets, lets his hands linger just a bit too long on the angel’s shoulders.
“I know,” Dean whispered back. He leaned his head against Castiel’s, turning it so his face was buried in his hair, and Dean closed his eyes, breathed in the scent, and savored it. “I know.”
Finally, after an hour, Dean turned off the paved road and onto a dirt one, tires spitting up a cloud of dust in their wake. Castiel fell back into silence and alternated from watching the landscape slope slowly downwards and curiously watching Dean, and Dean mostly watched the road, navigating around bumps and potholes, but stealing glances over at Castiel when he thought the blue-eyed man wasn’t looking. He smiled to himself, satisfied, when Castiel’s eyes grew large and excited as, around a bend, the earth opened up into a large, glittering lake.
It turned out, Claire explained, the PTA was more tight-knit out of need than of friendship or school spirit. A chatty nurse in the witness crowd had told Claire the whole story: two years ago, the quarterback (who wasn’t yet the quarterback, but was a promising football player with his eyes on college scholarships) had driven drunk after a party and killed a girl out for a late-night run: Jessica Mathers. At the time, his mother was running for state senator, and her husband—the campaign manager, seemed to think it would be disastrous to her poll numbers if word got out—not to mention their son’s scholarship hopes would be dashed before they started.
With a happy sigh, Dean kissed Castiel back and released his hand, sliding his own up Castiel’s arm to cup the angel’s jaw. They kissed slowly, deeply—dove in and retreated over and over, testing every angle, tasting each other’s breath.
“Dude, what?” Sam rolled his eyes, turning back to Dean, who was doling out dollar bills to the cashier.
“Yeah,” echoed Dean, too tired and overwhelmed to emote more than that, though he allowed a seed of relieved hope to plant itself in his chest.
“It hasn’t been that long,” he continued. “Between your missing grace, Rowena’s spell, the holy oil…you’re still on the mend, aren’t you? Not at full power yet. I bet you’re not even at half power.”
“What?” Cas said, blinking at Dean. He turned to Sam, then, and asked with total sincerity, brows knitting, “Is my math incorrect?”
“Yeah,” said Dean. He smirked and shook his head, then downed the rest of his beer. He dragged a finger absently up and down the side of the empty bottle a few times, watching Castiel with a fond smile. Castiel blinked at him, expression going blank.
“Okay. Fine,” said Sam. “It’s late. I’ll work on dissecting the hex bag in the morning. Meet me at the library?”
“Thank you,” said Rowena with a little disingenuous courtesy. She grabbed her bag of magic and looped it over her shoulder. “Goodbye, boys. If you need anything else, don’t.”
” Dean growled, slamming the button again. The station changed and Dean glowered again, but left it be. “So, pie milkshake?”
Sam smirked. “Years. ‘More profound bond?’ Yeah. Years.” He drained his own glass and held it out to Dean for a refill. “Anyway, you never look at me like you look at him. Hope you never do.”
Dean winced a little at the stinging of the alcohol but sniffed and shook his head. He answered lowly, as if embarrassed, “With Michael, it was—I didn’t have one here. I had one there. Realizing that is how I figured out it wasn’t real.” Dean’s stomach sank, and he sighed. “Cas, I’m sorry—that was your gift. I didn’t mean—”
“I hear you, man. I do,” answered Sam. He ran a hand through his hair. “But if it goes south—this is uncharted territory for you. We don’t know how it’s going to affect you. If we go in and that’s our only ace…”
The room descended into an uncomfortable silence. Jack searched the faces of Sam and Castiel, but Sam wouldn’t look up, though his jaw physically twitched. Rowena was making a show of being unconcerned, examining her fingernails, but she was far too interested—they weren’t painted. There was nothing for her to observe. Castiel finally moved over to Jack and laid a hand on his shoulder.
Before Dean could react—before he could even blink—Michael appeared at his side. In one more disorienting split second, Michael once again grabbed Castiel by the throat and disappeared them both back to the yard. The realization hit Dean all at once—steamrolled over the most broken, haunted places of his soul—all the parts Castiel had been helping him put back into place.
“I love you,” the angel repeated, edging himself across the couch. Without permission, he gathered both of Dean’s hands in his own, and he could feel the speeding pulse beneath their skin. “And I don’t know what that looks like either. But I’m willing to try to find out. If you are.”
Dean reached up and wrapped his fingers around Castiel’s wrist, just below his chin. A small smile turned the corner of his lips. “Don’t think I’ve ever said this in my life,” he said, “but I’m one lucky son of a bitch.”
Dean smirked as he settled into Castiel’s chest, barely stifling a yawn. “Who’s the chick-flick-lover now?”
” Dean’s features didn’t change, and after a moment of staring, Rowena rolled her eyes. “Honestly, Dean, did you never have a geology class?”
“That’s my cue, then,” said Dean, bumping Castiel’s bicep with his before standing up. “M’gonna clean up.”
Dean gasped and tried to sit up, but something slammed him—no, pulled him—immediately back down, his head hitting an uncomfortable pillow. An attempted kick of his legs proved ineffectual as well; something was binding his ankles. Dean let out a frustrated, panicked groan and jerked his whole body again, and once again, to no end. His eyes widened and roamed the fluorescently-lit room, trying to get his bearings. Slowly, his racing thoughts peeled away into familiarity: the white tiled walls, the stark metal furniture, a series of cabinets, one emanating with the blue glow of grace—the medical room in the bunker. Dean sucked in an irritated breath and flexed his hands into fists, ignoring the pain that shot through his knuckles, and then bellowed, “Sam! SAMMY! I swear to God, Sam!”
Dean burst into the empty house, shoving the door so hard it cracked against the wall and shattered the silence for him, enough that he grumbled back to Castiel, who was inspecting the new dent in the sheetrock, “What was the bitch’s name? Mathers?”
Dean cleared his throat. “No, I—I do. I love it, Cas. Just surprised.” From the boom box an upbeat song drifted gently on the wind.
Dean snorted and lifted his head all the way up, his brows raising incredulously, opposite to Castiel’s furrow. “Come on, seriously?” When Castiel shook his head, Dean rolled his eyes. “I remember stuff too. You wanted me and Sammy to bow and call you ‘God.’”
Castiel beamed at him. “Of course. Want some champagne? I think it’s technically sparkling wine, since it’s not from the Champagne region of France. But that’s really not very important, I don’t think, because the chemical processes are so similar, and from a molecular standpoint, they’re really…” Castiel trailed off to blink at Dean, who was staring back at him with another goofy, contented smile. “I’m rambling again.”
“It does,” Dean smirked, lighting the other two. He set one beside him and the other at the foot of the blanket, then fished around in the duffle bag again, pulling out a beat-up hiking lantern and an oil can and lit it too, placing it behind them in front of the cooler. “Okay,” he said, satisfied.
Castiel’s mouth fell open and he stared at Dean, then down at the ring in his palm, frozen. He sat this way for a long few moments, gaze alternating between the ring and Dean. Dean looked away and cleared his throat, and Castiel shook himself out of the shock. “Dean, you’re…are you asking if I’ll marry you?” he asked, voice low.
Faster than he’d moved since before he lost his wings, Castiel pulled up to Michael and pushed the tip of the blade against his throat. “You don’t know me at all.”
Castiel pressed his lips. “My grace—my own grace—has been failing me for some time now,” he said. A sign for a county road turnoff approached in the distance, and Castiel slowed to turn. “More slowly than the archangel grace is burning out, but with Chuck—God—gone…” He trailed off, swinging the car’s long body left across the other lane to rumble it down the empty street. “My wings should be the least of my worries,” he finally finished.
Instead of fighting back, Dean simply passed over the glass and sighed, nodding. “I know,” he said. He set his own glass on the desk and unscrewed the whiskey’s lid. “It’s just…” he trailed off and stared at the ice in his glass, then slowly began to pour. “It’s not new. But now it’s real. And that—that scares the hell out of me, Sammy.”
“Awesome,” said Dean, unconvincingly. “Let’s eat.” He broke his gaze away from Castiel and reached down to the alarm clock radio on the nightstand, pushing a button. Immediately, a power ballad rang out:
“You’re impossible,” said Cas. He sighed and released Dean’s wrists and sat back on his haunches, straddling Dean’s hips comfortably.
“Let’s lower him in,” said Sam simply, nudging Dean by jostling Castiel’s legs just a bit. Dean nodded started shuffling sideways. When they were on either side of the tub, Sam asked, “Ready?” and when Dean nodded again, he slowly sunk Castiel’s legs into the water.
” He lingered there a moment, then leaned back just enough to look at Dean. When he spoke again his voice was gruffer than usual—almost frightened. “I know you worry, but—could you learn to be okay with this and want it too?”
They fell into a comfortable silence, Castiel watching the water, Dean lounging on the blanket. “It’s quiet,” Castiel finally said.
Sam withdrew his hand, and Dean reached across the table without being asked to tie the wound with a bandana from his pocket. “Thanks,” Sam muttered when his brother finished, slumping back into his chair. “So, what now?”
The alarm clock’s bright red numbers pierced the darkness of Dean’s bedroom, mocking him with a silent 4:17 AM. He lay atop the covers, as he had for the past three hours, fully clothed and anxious, unable to sleep. He’d finally left the library around midnight, marginally satisfied that purple Seal of Solomon crystals had begun to crust over the meteorite stones. Rowena had assured him, once again, that there was nothing more they could do for the moment, then retired to one of the bunker’s empty rooms.
“Okay, yeah, but not so much faster that giving me ten minutes to eat breakfast is going to make that much of a difference.”
He stopped in his tracks and his face faltered when he saw the way the two men stood—Castiel leaning against the table, Dean halfway across the room, but reaching out. Sam came behind him moments later, holding two drink carriers: one of milkshakes, one of sodas. Sam made eye contact with Dean across the room, and some brotherly link made him understand the situation in a second.
“I do, in fact,” said Rowena. She reached for a small, burlap bag and shook it, a rocky sound coming from within.
“Don’t say it,” said Sam, shaking his head. His eyes were watering, threatening, but for Dean’s sake, he forced the tears back. He returned his hand to Dean’s arm. “We don’t know that.”
“Yeah,” said Dean, grinning. “You wanna get the tortillas out? Throw the beers and some ice in a cooler while I finish this?”
“Of course we do,” said Castiel with a smile, answering for both himself and Dean. “You did all this yourself?”
“And somehow, I don’t care,” said Michael. “But you keep up that pining, Castiel. Dean’s doing just fine without you. Or with fake you. Take your pick. Like I said—I don’t care, and I’ve got things to do.” He lifted his hand to wiggle his fingers, and the smile that twisted Dean’s lips was anything but Dean’s. “Bye now.”
The real you. You were there.” He slowly swung his legs over the side of the bed to settle his feet on the floor and face Castiel, though he wouldn’t look him in the eye. He grimaced with the movement.
Dean ran his tongue over his teeth, lost in thought. Distracted, he pushed his toes absently against the desk and threw his leaning chair off balance. The back legs scraped out from under him with a dull, scratchy squeak, and in a second flat Dean was on his back on the floor, the chair slapping it with a loud crack.
Sam glanced from Dean to Cas, sighed, and nodded towards the roped-off area—a wide intersection—where a body bag was being lifted onto a stretcher. “Apparently, Linda Sailers got up from her desk where she works, in that building,” Sam pointed to an office building across the street, “Waited until the light was green, and walked out into the intersection.”
Castiel stared a moment longer, then smiled a little. “Alright,” he said, and stepped back into Dean’s space. This time, he was far more gentle. His hand returned to Dean’s hip and his other settled, carefully, at the back of neck. “Is this alright?” he asked softly.
“Adiuro vos!” Rowena’s voice shouted from somewhere in the darkness, and bright bolts of light shot toward a startled Michael, who dropped heavily to his knees as they wrapped around his ankles and wrists.
“Will it always lead to this?” asked Castiel, breathless. He felt himself hardening in his sweatpants and reached around behind Dean to sink his hands into the back pockets of his jeans and pull him closer.
Dean watched as Sam unshackled his ankles, then spoke again when his brother moved up to his wrists. “If it’s not the first time I’ve woken up, how long have I been out?”
“I didn’t answer,” assured Sam. “I haven’t since you guys had your fight. I’m on your side, and Cas’s. You know that.”
At the mention of Castiel’s name, something slipped loose in Dean. The finger in the dyke of his psyche that had been so precariously protecting Dean’s sanity from the floodgates was removed, and the dam didn’t just spring a leak; the walls came down entirely. It all came rushing back: Michael’s twisted reality, the bright light and charred wings of Castiel’s death, Sammy jumping into the mouth of the pit, his mother burning to ash on the ceiling, all the minutiae of everything that was done to him and that he did in Hell. The things that haunted him—the feelings Dean had forced behind that dam for years and years and years—descended on him. Like a flood of locusts and water, drowning him and consuming him all at once.
“Nothing,” said Dean, abandoning the bottle to scratch awkwardly through his hair. “Just—I dunno. This is good.”
“You can’t seriously think we’d consider that, Rowena,” said Sam, folding his arms. “He’s our best friend and we’ve already lost him too many times.”
Dean watched him disappear into the hallway, the soft rustle of the angel’s trench coat reminding him of missing wings.
Castiel’s face fell. He didn’t need to hear a name. He nodded once, lips twisting into something sour as the grace pulsed through his body once more. Jack stepped around the corner into the library and over to the table, settling the box between where Castiel sat and Sam stood.
Dean’s hands went to his throat as his voice seized again. A piercing, high-pitched ring blew through the hallways of his mind, and he fell to his knees, hands pushing against either side of his head. In the warehouse, he didn’t know it, but his physical body was screaming.
“I want you to leave Dean,” said Castiel, staring intensely into Michael’s eyes, a blue light reflection of his own. “Or I will end my life and end us both” Castiel backstepped and flipped the blade around, pressing the point to his chest.
“Of course I don’t,” said the Michael creature. “But you do.” When Dean didn’t answer, the voice continued. “These fantasies have been keeping you complacent for me, but time’s up. You let your guard down long enough for me to get what I needed to return, and, well, here I am!”
Dean must have actually fallen asleep eventually, because a few hours later he woke to the sounds of shuffling and opened his eyes to see Sam and Jack already up and bustling around, packing up the last of their things.
Castiel watched the slumped figure of Dean for half a second longer, then yelled over to Sam, “Put out the fire!” He pulled the vial of grace from his pocket.
With that, Castiel pumped himself harder and let go of his resolve, giving himself over to sensation. He abandoned Dean’s pleasure for the moment and instead braced his hand on the floor, curling slow and deep into Dean for the final few thrusts, and then he was coming, his climax shaking his whole body. Before he came down completely, he reached back beneath Dean and stroked him hard and slow, and before Castiel was all the way finished with his own orgasm, Dean was coming too, crying out into the t-shirt bunched on the floor. Castiel held him through it, and then he slipped carefully out of Dean and collapsed on the blanket beside him, both of them sex-drunk and out of breath.
He and Michael stood at the edge of a cliff that spread the world wide. Mountains rose up around them in shades of soft greens nearby, growing blue and gray in the distance. To their right, the forest continued, sloping down into the canyon, and to their right, around a curve of rock, a massive waterfall frothed over the edge, down into a clear blue river half-obscured with a soft, white mist that caught rainbows wherever it escaped the shadow of the valley and touched a ray of sun. Far below, on the riverbank, a cluster of rust-colored deer drank and waded in the shallows where the water was calm.
Dean snapped his jaw closed with an audible click and leaned away. He glanced over his shoulder at Sam, who shot him a tired glare.
“Just about finished,” said Sam. And then, “We should turn on a fan or something. Fumes are killing me.”
“Call an ambulance,” is Castiel’s only reply. His stomach lurched; nobody needed to tell him he was the one who did this. He could tell by the way Sam and Claire lingered arm’s lengths away, the way they watched him like he was a bomb.
Dean and Castiel made it back to camp, and a still sleeping Sam, a few hours before the sun rose. They bedded down together to catch a few hours of sleep before dawn, and with Castiel in his arms, Dean slept more deeply than he had in weeks despite the hard ground and chilly night breeze. When he did finally wake, it was to the morning sun through mottled leaves gently warming his face, and the light, cheerful songs of foreign birds. He was alone, but for once, that didn’t frighten him. He stretched and rolled over, immediately finding a small pile of strange-looking fruits. Dean reached over and palmed one—a bright pink, apple-sized fruit covered in soft spines—and sat up, squinting off into the near distance to spy Sam and Castiel sitting and talking near the waterfall and the cliff. He smiled to himself and pushed to his feet to stride their way. They didn’t hear his barefoot approach over the waterfall, and Dean hovered a few feet behind them, listening contentedly and picking at the rind of his fruit.
Castiel reached up to touch his face, then like Dean, looked down at his fingers, covered in substantially more, and newer blood, than Dean’s were. “Oh,” he said quietly. “That’ll be the pressure.”
Dean grunted. “Dead or locked up. We needed an archangel to wield the blade to give us a real shot at either.”
Castiel’s easy smile faltered as he stood, and he reached up to touch at the corner of an eye. Sure enough, a droplet of blood appeared on his finger, and he nodded at Dean.
“Damnit, Cas,” Dean whispered, shooting up from the table. “You’re gonna have to finish this yourself. I’ll be back,” he said, still texting.
“It’s umm—it’s great,” said Dean as they neared the blanket. He stopped at the edge, eyeing the champagne and sad chocolate strawberries.
Once inside, he closed the door gently behind him and locked it for good measure. He set the mortar and pestle down on his desk and drew in a deep breath, wiping his palms, which had grown suddenly sweaty, on his jeans while he went in search of a piece of Castiel. It didn’t take him too long—within a few minutes, he found a single, dark hair stuck to one of the pillowcases on the bed. Something about it made his heart lurch. Dean twirled it between his thumb and forefinger, watched the light glint down the thin strand, and wondered when this particular piece had been shaken loose. Maybe it had just come out naturally in sleep; maybe it had broken free one of the hundreds of times Dean ran his fingers through Castiel’s hair in the morning, or while his lover slept, or while they were tangled up in each other, lost to the rest of the world. Dean decided he preferred the latter. It gave him some kind of agency, a hint of control, and he strode across to the desk and dropped it gingerly atop the herbs in the bowl.
Sam snorted. “Fair point.” He hung up the call and made another. “You know, whatever it is, I’m sure it’s nothing.”
“Sam,” said Dean on an exhale, blinking away the fog to face his brother. His heartbeat retreated from his ears to his throat, and suddenly, each beat pierced him with the cold knife of grief. “Cas is—”
“There’s not going to be a wedding!” Dean yelled, interrupting. Jack’s smile slipped away, as did Sam’s, and Dean shook his head, doing his best to swallow his embarrassment. “We’re not going to have a wedding because we’re already married.”
“Is this alright?” Castiel kissed into Dean’s shoulder, his fingers still following the line of his lips.
“STOP!” he roared, and almost instantly all the sounds of love and static were consumed by a deafening, high-pitched ring. His vision started flaring with a bright blue light around the edges, and soon it obliterated everything—but not before he caught sight of a very startled Dean look up over his bare shoulder and straight into Castiel’s—the real Castiel’s—eyes.
“I dunno,” Dean said, swallowing guilt. “I had that for months. I don’t know if I could give it up.”
Dean fished his keys from his wet jeans in the floor and stretched long over the front seat to put them in the ignition, then cranked it. The Impala rumbled to life, and Dean subconsciously smiled at the sound. He turned the heat on full blast and was settling back into the backseat to gather up his clothes when he caught sight of Castiel, smiling softly and staring. “What?”
“Sam’s fine,” said Castiel, consoling. “He’s just gone to check on Claire, back at the house. She broke her leg.”
“This is perfect,” he said, squeezing Castiel’s hand. “And I’d be happy to stay here forever—or until the hot water ran out, anyway—but I’m pretty hungry, and Sam’ll have the grill going by now.”
“Umm,” said Castiel, reaching up to the front seat to check his phone. “Almost six-thirty.” He glanced back to Dean, head tilting. “What is it?”
Dean was silent. Castiel lifted his gaze from Dean’s hands to find his eyes. He stared into them, searching, and Dean searched back. Castiel released one of Dean’s hands and lifted his own, tentatively, to cradle Dean’s cheek. Dean’s breath caught in his chest, and Castiel could feel his heartrate pick up. “Even your face is cold,” he said lowly and rose from his knees just enough to seat himself on the edge of the tub, facing Dean. “And your lips are still blue.” Castiel held Dean’s jaw and swept his thumb over his bottom lip, and Dean, already shivering, shivered harder. Slowly, he angled himself forward, first bumping the tip of his nose with Dean’s, then closing his eyes and dipping his chin. He parted his lips against Dean’s in a careful, tender, lingering kiss, breathing warmth against Dean’s cold ones. He melted into Dean, a burn rising in his chest that had nothing to do with what archangel grace remained, and Dean leaned into the kiss.
Sam glanced up from an old tome he was perusing when Dean shuffled in. “Oh, good, you found breakfast.”
Dean collapses on the hotel bed, but he doesn’t seem to remember pulling Castiel down with him. He doesn’t remember—or at least never mentions—swapping gentle kisses with the angel until they’re both consumed by sleep. When Dean wakes up, Cas is already brushing his teeth. He drops the angel off at work, and Cas watches as the Impala roars away, Dean not knowing the angel’s heart is riding shotgun.
“Things have seemed off between us since the gas station incident,” said Cas, running a hand through his dark hair.
“Good, that’s great,” stammered Sam, and he started to stand, but Castiel motioned him down. “Want uhh—coffee, anything?”
Castiel and Dean swapped breathy, dirty kisses and stroked each other into a frenzy until the music clicked off and the only sound was their panting and groaning, the whispers of each other’s names and
Castiel nodded. “Yes. Verses I always found lovely, but never understood why before you. The words of King Solomon and his bride, adoring one another.” He smoothed his hand up into Dean’s hair. “It’s like worship. It’s holy…” He trailed off, drawn to Dean as if by a magnet, unable to keep from kissing him.
Dean gulped and let his head roll back against Castiel’s shoulder again. He stared briefly at the roof of the Impala, then closed his eyes. “Cas—” he started, sounding miserable and defeated.
“Not cool, Cas,” he said into the phone before hanging up and tossing it aside. He glared at the road like it was offensive and propped his elbow against the lip of the window, pressing his knuckles into his temple.
“Worried, I know,” Castiel sighed. He brought his hand up and clasped it over Dean’s, leaning into his palm. “But I needed it. I can’t stay locked up all the time.”
“Don’t,” said Castiel softly, shaking his head. He in turn moved towards Dean. “I shouldn’t have gone without telling you.”
“I remember…” started Castiel thoughtfully, scratching gentle patterns up and down Dean’s back. “Hmm,” he grinned, and then doing his best Dean impression, quoted, “Cas, get out of my ass.” Dean groaned out an embarrassed laugh, and Castiel leaned forward to kiss his shoulder, then continued scratching. “Everyone makes mistakes.”
“Rest, Sam,” said Castiel. “I’ll keep watch.” He crossed the few feet to the exit and stepped out onto the sidewalk, closing the door behind him.
This whole fic turned out so much differently than I thought it would--and so much longer! Thanks for sticking with me. <3
“I understand,” said Jack, though he went quiet. They drove on like this for a few miles in silence, slowly weaving through golden grasslands that, in places, were taller than the car. “Where do we go, if we die like this?” he finally asked.
Dean watched, completely content, as the two of them and Sam began loading up their plates. Jack, excited to show off the human tastes he’d acquired in the six or so months since he’d lost his powers, stopped Castiel at every turn, making him taste a cooked sliver of onion, then a raw one; a bite of burrito with cheese and without; complain that they’d forgotten guacamole. Sam even joined in, passing Castiel a whole jalapeno pepper. Dean fixed his own plate in silence, wedged a lime down into his beer and smiled with anticipation as Castiel took the pepper, sniffed it, then crunched into it whole, biting it off at the stem to take the whole thing into his mouth—which caused Dean to choke on his drink.
“I don’t have a choice,” said Castiel. “If you go into things like this with any doubt, you’re that much more likely to mess up. I have to believe we’re going to get him back or there’s no point trying.”
“Just—hang on, listen,” said Sam, holding up his hands. Dean shrugged, and Sam continued. “In the War of Heaven and Hell—the one where Lucifer led his rebel angels against God—other big demons and angels led their own factions against each other.” He paused and looked up to smile briefly at Dean. “Castiel led one,” he said softly, ticking his forehead toward the book. “There are pages about him in there too, later on. That’s the garrison he used to mention.”
Quickly, Sam ducked back into the shadow of the stairwell, stopping when his back hit the wall. He glanced down the dark stairs, then back up, and he was about to interrupt when he watched the couple collapse and dissolve into laughter. Sam couldn’t help but stare a moment longer, smiling with warm vicarious joy.
“So think of it like a snow globe,” said Rowena. “Right now it’s all shaken up. Once you’re finished, Samuel—which will be any moment now—” she said, checking Castiel once more. “We don’t need the jars just yet. What we’ll do is store the syringe upright for a spell and let it settle. You’ll know it’s done when it looks like oil on top of water—Michael’s gold grace distinct from Castiel’s blue. Then you can slowly push them into their respective vials.”
“Last time I was human,” Castiel started softly, looking up from his palms, “Dean dropped me off at work and I felt this twisting pain in my chest when he left. I hated it. I didn’t know what it meant.” He cleared his throat and looked away from Sam. “I thought I was sick. But now I feel it again. It’s almost physical, and it turns so quickly from hurt to anger. It’s…jarring.”
“Alright,” said Castiel, bewildered. With the sound of the water gone, the music carried in more clearly. Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail… He heard Dean open and close a few drawers, the sound of rustling fabric, and then the bedroom door open and close before he pulled himself out of his trance. Castiel stepped out of the shower onto the cold tile, the cool air hitting him like a brick. He looked down at the ring on his finger and his arm—still covered in goosebumps—and smiled.
“It doesn’t,” said Castiel simply, though his gaze slid back to Dean, where it remained as the brothers spoke.
Dean’s heart leapt into his throat, but he tried to keep it down, asking, “Talk about what?” as he pried open a beer and passed it to Castiel, then opened his own.
“Can’t say for certain. Perhaps a week, maybe a wee bit more. Come now, have I ever failed you before?” Rowena trilled. Dean rolled his eyes and made to leave, but she stopped him. “Oh, Dean?”
he thought again, fleetingly. Finally, when Dean finished, Castiel shook his head and sighed through his nose. “I won’t let you break,” he said. “Though if anyone ever deserved to fall apart, it’s you. I—I’m
“So like, how long have you guys been together?” cut in the high-pitched voice of the cashier as she bagged Dean’s pork rinds.  All three men went silent.
Dean shook his head gently and leaned down to claim Castiel’s lips. “No,” he whispered into the kiss. “This is a miracle.”
Castiel didn’t take a break. As soon as Dean left the bunker, he returned to digging through the lore. Dean meant well in telling him to watch some TV, he knew, but he also knew it was a leisure he didn’t have. The grace was burning in him again, and every now and then he could see its light ghost beneath the skin of his hands and forearms.
“No, no, no,” Dean repeated, voice lowering from rage to panic when he was pulled. “He can’t—he can’t be,” he stammered. “He can’t—Sammy, I can’t—”
Jack pressed his lips but nodded, and when he went back to arranging plants, Sam turned and slipped back inside, dialing Dean’s main number once more, just in case. When it went straight to voicemail, he growled out a message, and then he began going down the list of every burner number they had.
“You’re exhausted, man,” said Dean. “We all are. I mean, look at Jack. Kid’s so beat he can barely stand up.” When Jack didn’t respond, Dean knit his eyebrows. “…he might be asleep now.”
Castiel rolled his eyes and let his hands drop to settle comfortably at Dean’s hips. “Like I said,” he mumbled, ducking his head to kiss Dean’s neck. “Insufferable.”
He tried to push the fear away and give into his lover, but it spread through his body like a permeating smoke, touching everything.
“Yes,” said Castiel gently. “On both counts.” He ducked down and kissed Dean gently on the lips, repeating again as he pulled away, “I’m with you.”
“That makes sense,” said Sam, and his face looked more at ease than it had in months, despite his brother’s state on the other bed. “I’ll go on a run. Cas?” He turned to look at Castiel, then Dean. “How is he?”
Castiel watched for a while as Dean walked into the light on the water, his fair skin radiant in the moon’s silver glow, and he was reminded of something the angel Naomi said years ago, the same sentiment Michael most recently repeated: He was fallen; he was lost. His mind buzzed with the words of the prophet Job, and as he gazed at Dean, he said aloud, but softly, to the wind, “If I have looked at the sun when it shone, or the moon moving in splendor, and my heart has been secretly enticed, and my mouth has kissed my hand, this also would be an iniquity to be punished by the judges, for I would have been false to God above.”
Michael finally stopped walking when he hit the edge of what used to be the circle of fire and smiled. “This isn’t over,” he said darkly, and tilted back his head. A stream of blinding light poured from his mouth and shot quickly through the nearest window, disappearing into the dark. Dean’s knees gave out beneath him, and his evacuated body crumpled heavily to the floor.
“You know it,” answered Dean. He leaned in to claim another bruising kiss, pulling Castiel’s bottom lip between his teeth and eliciting a moan from his lover before he backed away, winking.
Castiel attempted a smile, but it fell flat. In that moment, he looked as tired as Dean had ever seen him, his head falling into his hands.
Dean smiled again and closed his eyes, not sleeping, but content to listen as the tape settled on something gentler with flutes and soft acoustic guitars. The train finally passed and the car once more rumbled down the road. He was nearly asleep again by the time a few songs had played through but was jarred from the easy comfort of the music and the Impala’s vibrations when the tape suddenly stopped, then started again a few moments later at the beginning of the song that had just ended. Dean didn’t think much of it until, minutes later, the song was rewound and replayed a second time, and then a third. He opened his eyes and looked over to Castiel, now bathed in darkness, one hand on the wheel, the other hovering near the tape deck.
“Well, any sexually transmitted diseases Jimmy Novak may have had were healed when I claimed this vessel,” said Castiel, completely deadpan—unbothered. “So it’s unlikely you’ve got one now. Though when I have my grace back I can check your—”
An uncomfortable tingling started at the base of Dean’s neck and traveled up into his brain. Bright blue light flashed once, and settled like a pool of water in the back of his mind—still present, but subdued.
“The most famous of them,” said Castiel, raising his eyebrows, “You know from Greek mythology as the goddess Persephone.”
He let his fist go slack. Let the blade clatter to the cold stone floor. Everything in him went suddenly raw; the unwelcome fingers in his mind ceased their tinkering. It was only him, and Dean, and horror for the things he’d done. He wanted to reach out for the hunter, and this time, he didn’t stop himself. He could’ve healed Dean with two fingers to the forehead, but that didn’t feel right; he wanted to feel him, feel the jawline piece itself back together beneath his touch, feel Dean’s cheek pressed to his palm. So he did.
remember my name,” Michael crooned, tilting his head at Dean. He turned his body, dragging Castiel along with him by the neck so Dean could see the pain on his lover’s face. Michael pressed his free hand to his chest in mock offense. “And here I was thinking you’d moved on.” He clicked his tongue through the poor woman’s mouth. “Glad to see I was mistaken.”
“Don’t be a spoilsport, Feathers,” she trilled, releasing the vial into Castiel’s hand. “Just trying to lighten the mood. You boys are always so dramatic. D’you know what we call you lot?”
“Dude, what happened with Cas?” Sam demanded as soon as Dean arrived at the library the next morning.
“Why haven’t you killed us?” Dean demanded, panic rising in his throat, coming out of his mouth in a shaking rage. “You could have ended us all in a second flat and just
“That’s not what I said,” answered Rowena curtly. She watched Sam’s blood trickle into the goblet until it coated the herbs and resins in the bottom, then released it. “That’ll do, Samuel.”
“Because I don’t want you to get dead again!” said Dean, breaking out of his quietude into a yell. He put his hands on his temples. “Shit, Cas—you’re such a child sometimes! How do you not get this?”
“They prefer you too,” said Sam, sporting a cheesy grin. He cleared his throat. “Jack misses you. I think even Rowena might. But that’s bec—well, uhh.”
“Right,” said Dean with a low chuckle. He shrugged. “Okay, well, I feel like I went ten rounds with a freight train and lost, I’m thirsty, I’m freakin’ starving, and I have a headache that I don’t think aspirin is gonna fix.”
Rowena smiled and held up her palms, turning to click slowly away. Sam watched her until she disappeared, then looked to Dean. “What did we talk about?”
“Uh-huh,” said Dean. He snorted and stared at Castiel, looking him up and down. “Okay. Hang on, buddy.” Castiel did as he was told, but only loosely. He looped an arm through Dean’s and leaned heavily into his side. Dean grinned and carefully let go of Castiel with his other hand and reached quickly for the doorknob, trying to turn it and push it open before his lover had a chance to collapse. He’d barely toed it wide enough to get through when Castiel swayed forward on his feet, forcing Dean to scramble. “Woah—alright, Cas…” he began, then sighed to himself, “I’m too drunk to take care of a drunk.”
“In your head,” Castiel began awkwardly. He tried to glance away, but Dean’s hand slipped out of his hair to tilt his chin back up.
Castiel blinked away from the fireflies and turned to stare at Dean, head tilting. When he didn’t speak, Dean stuffed his hand down into his back pocket and pulled out the little paper sack. He stared at it as he continued. “I—m’not any good at this. But if you—I want you. I want you to know that I want you, here, always. Not just here. Here…with me. Specifically me. I umm…”
Castiel’s voice cut through the red haze of Dean’s anger and fear. He looked up at the man in the doorway, his terrified expression, and his own chest heaved. Hot tears spilled down Dean’s cheeks, and he became suddenly aware of the throbbing pain in his hands. He meant to say Castiel’s name, but instead, without meaning to, he simply croaked, “Are you real?”
“And that’s what you got,” she answered, voice even. “I can’t help if you slept longer. That was you, not the spell.”
Castiel pulled the blade from his chest and sealed the wound with his palm as he sprinted for Dean, his wings and all the neon blue fading from view as he hit his knees beside the prone body. “Dean!” he yelled, checking for a pulse. The purple glow disappeared, and Sam was behind him in seconds.
“Oi, leave it be!” Rowena chastised, finally looking up from her book. “It takes as long as it takes. Do you know the time frame for the formation of a garnet?”
“Shhh,” Castiel mocked, and Dean shook his head, shutting him up with another bruising kiss and stroke of his fist.
Dean snorted again. “Ahh, no harm done. C’mon.” He tugged at Castiel’s hand and dusted as much sand as he could from his feet before sinking cross-legged on the blanket. He snagged one of the strawberries and took a huge bite as Castiel sat down beside him, smiling goofily. “Wha’s duh CD?” he said around a mouthful.
Dean, and I don’t mind and I don’t regret it, but at least the last time I was human I got to go outside!”
Castiel’s breath caught, and he whipped around to the hunter most directly in his line of sight—Claire, as it were. “She’s not casting a spell,” he growled, voice echoing across the room. “She is the—”
Dean blinked away the shock, then looked up to Castiel, grinning like an idiot. “Sammy’s gonna be pissed.”
“It was a truly moving toast, Sam,” Michael said to the younger Winchester without breaking his eyes from Dean and Castiel. “And Jack,” he said, turning to wink. “Great party.” He turned again, holding out his vessel’s slim arms, palms to the sky. “A party I’d be happy to let you get back to as soon as you give me what I want.”
All but the witch looked more than a little worse for wear: dark circles hung beneath each man’s eyes. Sam and Jack didn’t appear to have brushed their hair or bathed in days, and Sam and Dean were both sporting short, scruffy beards.
Castiel kept staring, his gaze leveled on Dean’s, and he read the truth of it in his eyes, carefully, more than once, before reluctantly agreeing. “Alright.”
“Course you do,” said Dean. “You like rabbit food. Hey, get a couple pies too. Apple, of course. Blueberry, cherry, blackberry—”
“Thank you,” said Jack. “Sam and Dean tell me the same thing. But I’ll be alright if we don’t.” He looked at his palms, rubbed his thumbs over his fingertips. “I feel useless right now. But Sam and Dean aren’t useless, and they’re human too. They’ve just had practice.”
“Any moment,” Castiel finished for Sam, and stepped over the charred line in the warehouse floor. He kneeled before Dean, who was still slumped forwards oddly on his knees, head hung. “I’m sorry for this, Dean,” he said gently, and closed his eyes as he lifted two fingers to rest against Dean’s temple.
“I used a simple telekinetic spell to lift it from his pocket while he had his fingers in poor Castiel’s noggin,” she confirmed.
Dean held his ground, lining up the she-wolf in his sight as she neared. When it was centered, he pulled the trigger—but nothing happened. The hammer didn’t click; it was jammed. It didn’t happen often, but when it did, it was usually the worst possible moment. The phrase,
, comingling with the breeze in the trees and the sound of Castiel and Jack calling back and forth to each other, directing the other where to go in their game of catch.
“It’s also our best hope,” argued Castiel. Jack tried to interrupt, but Castiel stopped him. “And this is
Something low and desperate vibrated deep within Dean’s chest and he bucked his hips against Castiel, then turned hard with his shoulder, rolling until Castiel was beneath him. He straddled his lover, reaching down to hastily, clumsily fumble with the button of Castiel’s jeans. After three failed attempts, Castiel smiled and shook his head, placing a hand over Dean’s, then undoing the jeans himself. Dean took the hint and rocked back to shuffle out of his own jeans and boxers while Castiel stripped of his. When he’d finished, he looked down at Castiel’s thinned body beneath him, bathed in moonlight, and his breath caught in his throat.
Dean blinked over at the door and locked eyes with Sam, who gave him a nod as well, his eyes large and sad. Dean nodded back, and then sighed. “Right…right,” he said softly.
“It doesn’t have to be that way,” said Rowena, chiming in again. She leaned forward in her seat. “The archangel grace will buck up Castiel’s own grace. Like your footballers and their steroids. And with Michael still siphoning off his own grace for the spell…”
“It’s not so much—goodness, Dean, could you stand any closer?” she answered, shooing Dean away with a wiggle of her fingers before tucking a twist of red hair dramatically behind her ear. “I need my space.”
“I was dying,” Castiel said, his voice darker than he meant it, his whole body tense. “I was dying from a stab wound from a Knight of Hell, and
Sam caught the sack with a little rustle and eyed Dean carefully before he set his glass aside and began to unfold it. He opened his hand and carefully shook the bag. Sam’s eyes widened as simple, plain silver ring landed coolly in his palm. “Dean…”
“What?” said Dean, snagging his drink again. “Oh, yeah. Today. Well, yesterday. Whatever” He picked up Sam’s glass and handed it over as well. “Gift for Cas,” he added shyly.
Castiel pushed back onto his haunches, seating himself on Dean at his deepest yet and propelling himself upwards with his knees and the muscles in his thighs. He lifted his arms, exposing his own long torso, and wound his hands into his own hair, head thrown back as he bounced hard on Dean’s length while Dean’s slick hand pumped his own erection in time.
only a few weeks old. I’ve had time to let it settle, and then the night you came to me through the dark mirror…all that time, you must have thought Michael had killed me, and all that time, I knew you were coming for me. The recent past has been very different to us, Dean. It’s alright that we’re processing it differently.”
Castiel returned the smile, beaming with something like fatherhood as he watched Jack replicate the sigil once more, then check a small book of warding sketches and move on to the next. He turned to observe Sam and Rowena finishing up more sigils on the other side of the cheap, cramped room.
“Yeah,” Sam nodded. He smiled a little. “You can’t tell him I told you, though. You have to act surprised.”
“Right,” said Dean with a soft, bitter chuckle. His eyes broke from Castiel’s and he lowered his head into a hand. “Yeah, well. You were wrong.”
Castiel stared down at Dean, unblinkingly, and then made a rather obvious show of rolling his eyes. “You’re insufferable.”
Finally, tucked away behind two orange-stickered players was a modern-looking turntable with a green sticker. Small, electric—not quite authentic, but it would do the job. Didn’t need anything fancy, anyway. And for thirty bucks? Why the hell not. He pulled it out and set it on the floor beside him, then turned and started quickly skimming through the crates of records, searching the labels. Pop, classical, new age, rock and finally, on the bottom shelf, three crates labeled ‘classic rock.’
"Just need some sleep," he grumbles, turning to shuffle and stumble down the dark hall. "Thanks, Cas. For coming home."
Sam and Jack slid into seats, and Dean slid them each a beer as he settled in himself. Jack spoke up next, face brightening a bit as a beer settled in front of him. “What do you mean?”
“I know you,” Michael said, but faltered as Castiel pushed the blade harder, the point drawing a trickle of blood and light. “You can’t contain it,” he hissed to Castiel. “My grace will burn you alive.”
“Why would he do that, Sammy?” Dean could feel the dam of heartache breaking, giving way to rage, but he didn’t try to stop it.
“We’re on another world,” said Michael flatly, coming to a halt. He turned to face Castiel. “A prototype of Earth. One that God left free of his human experiment.” A smile twisted Michael’s lips, and for once, Castiel thought it didn’t look malicious. The archangel breathed deep, and spoke on the exhale, “Beautiful, isn’t it?”
Sam and Dean stumbled down the hall, gripping the walls for support. They made it to their rooms just barely. Dean was unconscious the moment he fell face-first into bed.
“That sounds irresponsible,” said Castiel, lowering his brows. “Sam said you should be watching yours.”
“Not often,” countered Castiel. He watched Dean carefully as they fell into a brief silence, and without asking, Castiel reached up to Dean’s shoulders, turning him so his back was to Castiel’s chest, and Dean let him. Castiel scooted across the seat to lean against the door, pulling Dean with him to rest against his chest. He wrapped his arms around Dean from behind and sighed into his hair. “You can tell me anything, Dean,” he murmured.
, followed by a long list of porn and erotica titles. Dean rolled his eyes at himself and deleted the search again and pulled up Netflix instead, putting on Full Metal Jacket for the hundredth time. He watched absently and was distracted within a half hour, folding his hands across his chest and leaning back to stare at the ceiling. He muted the movie, closed his eyes, and sighed through his nose, remaining that way for a few minutes to enjoy the moment of relative peace and quiet after the last few days of chaos. When he finally opened his eyes again, he looked over to Castiel on the bed, still sleeping, and asked aloud softly, “What can humans do that angels can’t?”
Dean swallowed hard, his face hot beneath Castiel’s hands. “Song of Solomon?” He wondered, his voice barely rising to his lips.
“Close in half an hour,” said a gruff voice from an old, balding man at a fluorescently-lit counter as Dean stepped inside, ringing bells on the door.
“Yeah, I like a picnic,” said Dean. A fond smile crept its way to his lips and he glanced aside to see the same look on Castiel’s face, beaming with something like fatherly pride. “How ‘bout you and Sam finish what you’re doing and go set us up a table and chairs out back?”
Castiel stared at Michael skeptically until the archangel shrugged and spoke again. “This is what I want for your world. For all of them.” He began walking, and this time, Castiel begrudgingly followed along. “Everything in perfect equilibrium. Everything in it working flawlessly in sync.” He glanced back at Castiel and winked. “Balanced.”
“So you’re looking for a second,” said Dean flatly. “Because we’re not even considering that. If Michael senses it when we open the rift, he’ll kill Cas if he hasn—"
Sam cleared his throat and lifted the coffee pot to tap it, and when Castiel nodded Sam meandered on down hallway toward the kitchen. Castiel turned around and looked back at the books with a sigh, returning to his chair. Another half hour at the table and he found himself suddenly hating both the chair and the table, and he dragged a stack of books into the floor and sat cross-legged, making a semi-circle around himself with the volumes.
“Cas, careful,” said Sam behind him. He held a gun, and Jack an angel blade, though they all knew neither would do any good.
Angels could heal wounds and ills, even rouse the dead with enough power, but there were rules: they could hop through time, but they couldn’t stop it moving. Castiel wished he could kiss those lines away, and he tried—pressed his lips to their lengths in a soft flurry, directed all his energy to removing them—but they remained, and he realized his own vessel was aging as well. He lay back and stayed close to Dean but lifted his hands to look at his palms—so much more calloused and harder than they’d been when they belonged to Jimmy Novak. Castiel had known for a long time that this was
“Dean…” began Castiel, reaching out to touch him on the shoulder, but Dean didn’t relent. He shook Castiel’s arm off.
“Yeah,” said Dean, vaguely out of breath. “Almost made me fall in the shower.” He scratched the back of his wet hair, moving his gaze suspiciously away from Sam’s. “Any idea what caused it?”
Dean nodded. “Just follow my lead,” he said. “Go slow.” Castiel nodded back, and very carefully, Dean guided one of Castiel’s fingers inside him, sitting back. He bit his lip through a little moan, then took Castiel’s arousal in his hand once more, pumping slowly. “Give it a minute. Then put the other in.”
Dean moaned and bit down on Castiel’s fingers without meaning to, bucking his hips up into Castiel’s warmth. Castiel flattened his tongue and dragged it up Dean’s length, and Dean parted his lips to moan louder. With his fingers free, Castiel slipped them down to Dean’s hips and under, and began to press gently at his entrance. Dean threw back his head and closed his eyes, spreading his legs to give Castiel better access, and after a moment Castiel began to slowly push one finger, then the second, inside. A filthy noise tore from Dean’s throat, and one hand bunched around the blanket below him, the other winding itself into Castiel’s hair.
With the last word, the hissing stopped, and the flames suddenly returned to their normal height. A silence, broken only by a sharp intake of breath from Sam, as if he’d been holding it, fell heavily over the room, and a chill swept into the air, settled on the occupants’ shoulders like stones, holding them to their seats.
“Yeah,” said Dean, finally. He cleared his throat, and after a few more moments, he changed the subject, attempting to rekindle the mood. “Hey, how was the weather, Sam?”
“Dean, stop,” said Castiel, cutting him off. “Look at me. Please?” Dean finally lifted his eyes; his face was lined in guilt. “None of this was your fault. None of it. You were trying to survive however you could. And it doesn’t matter now. Because you’re here. I’m here. This is real. We’re together, and this is all real. And it hurt to see that, of course, but like I said before: if I hadn’t I don’t know if we’d have ever made it here. But I did, and we did. I’m yours. You’re mine. Forever. This is real.”
Dean held his breath as he hurried to his room. He closed the door behind him, just in case, and went to pull open the desk drawer, withdrawing and then pocketing a small, brown paper sack before he set off once more for the garage.
Castiel must have felt it too, because he panted out a soft, “Wait,” to Dean as he gave another push inside. Dean stopped, breathless, and looked down at Castiel. “Put your hands on my hips,” Castiel instructed. Dean did, and then Castiel said, “Sit up.”
“Good,” said Cas, and stilled himself to lean forward and give Dean’s lips a peck. “Good things do happen, Dean.”
Dean snorted. “Shut up,” he gently teased. He mustered a small smile and sat back on his haunches, straddling Cas’s lap, and cupped his hands over the ones on his cheeks. “I don’t know, man. It was weird. It was
Dean straightened and looked around, shaking his head. “What’re you even still doing in here?” he said. “I told you to take a breather, man.”
“We need to regroup,” Sam finally said after a few minutes of uncomfortable silence. “Figure out a plan.”
“I’m okay with complicated,” answered Dean, sliding into the chair. Seated on the other side of the table was Jack, and he put the record player box on the table and pushed it his way. “Think Cas’ll like it?”
Dean rolled his eyes and began stripping out of his damp top layer, cheeks flushing. “Dunno what you mean, Sammy.”
Dean set off, and Castiel trailed behind him curiously, melting ice and the leftover beer sloshing with a dull rattle against the inside of the cooler with his steps. “What are we doing?”
The War Room table was covered up in books and papers stacked so high, Dean almost didn’t see Rowena seated behind a pile of them.
Dean did as he was told and finally blinked his eyes open. Castiel’s face swam blurrily into view, and as his vision adjusted, Dean noticed that the blue of his eyes was somehow bluer and brighter, like clear ocean ice on a cloudless day.
“Yeah,” echoed Dean, glancing back to Castiel as well. He worked his jaw for a moment before he stood up and stretched, setting the laptop aside. “How’s research going out there?”
Dean placed the phone on the table, trading it for a few strips of bacon. It vibrated as he munched, and he read the notification without picking it up.
“It really is,” said Dean, stepping back once he was satisfied with Castiel’s pillow. “Or that god-awful suit.”
Dean rushed forward then as well, fully expecting to move through Castiel’s form as if he really was a spirit. Castiel must have believed the same, because they both appeared equally shocked when they bounced off something cold and flat and hard.
Dean dug a beer from the ice and let the cooler lid thunk closed, obscuring Sam’s next words. He turned around just in time to see Castiel smiling as Sam pulled a glowing blue vial from his pocket and reach to pass it across the table. Relief flooded every cell of his body. He was hoping, selfishly, that this meant he and Cas didn’t have to have their talk when the relief was pulled from beneath him like a rug covering a pit. There was a cool rush of air and suddenly, he was falling—or, no, he only thought he was falling.
Dean stared at Castiel in silence, his jaw slack. After many long seconds, he pushed himself stiffly to stand and took a step towards Castiel, a hand reaching out instinctively, and he drew in a breath as if to speak. “Castiel—”
Castiel only once broke the kiss longer than the space of a breath—just long enough to whisper against Dean’s lips, low and clear, “I do.”
That snapped Dean back into the present, and he shook his head to throw a small smile over his shoulder at Castiel, pressing play. “Is what it is,” he said as he fidgeted with the volume. A few seconds later, a voice sung out from the speakers,
Castiel smiled. “I know.” He held out his hand, and Dean laced their fingers together, letting Castiel lead the way to the kitchen.
“I’m fine,” said Dean, swatting Sam’s hovering hands away. He felt the blood drain from his face, but it wasn’t from sitting up too quickly. “Cas…” he breathed low and tried to stand. When he did he swayed on his feet and Sam caught him, but Dean pushed his brother off and ran, staggering, across the garage to the Impala, where the passenger door still stood open.
“We’ll get it started then, shall we?” said Rowena, and said to Jack. “Do it in exactly that order, and say it just like we practiced.”
“Kiss me with the kisses of your mouth,” said Castiel against Dean’s lips, breathy and desperate. “You, whom my soul loves.”
“Alright,” said Castiel, and his eyes narrowed in confusion. He leaned into Dean’s space and inhaled. “You smell like whiskey.”
Dean’s blood ran cold. The voice that came from Cas wasn’t Cas. The heat that had been sustaining him was suddenly ripped away, and he opened his eyes to find himself not on top of Cas but face down on the dirt, fingers digging not into Cas’s hands, but the cold earth. He blinked and scrambled backwards. There was no grass, no sunlight; the hillside was bare and the sky gray. A bitter wind gusted suddenly out of the north, and there were no leaves to rustle—the bare branches of ghostly trees cricketed together like nails on a chalkboard. His jeans were zipped; his hands blue with cold. At the top of the hill, the Impala was on blocks, dull and covered in rust.
“Because that’s the point right now,” Dean countered. He fished his keys from his pocket and slid into the Impala, starting it, but not yet closing the door.
“Nothin’ to be ashamed of, Sammy,” said Dean, taking Castiel’s hand again. He glanced over and winked at his lover. “She’s not bad lookin’. You do have a thing for gingers.”
Dean exhaled a shaky breath and collapsed atop Castiel once more. “Tell me what you want,” he whispered, halfway broken.
“I’m alright for now, thank you,” said Castiel. Jack simply shook his head, mouth too full of cake to speak.
His own words were cut off by an unbidden moan, and he bit his lip. He thrusted into Dean again and began to stutter, and then Dean was coming beneath him, loud and long and beautiful. Castiel held on until he finished, stroked him through, and then released Dean to wind an arm around his back, pulling himself impossibly deeper with one last thrust and then he was coming himself, a broken sound of pleasure tumbling past his lips. His hand slipped off the steamy window, leaving a series of broken trails.
“The power has been flickering because they’re having sex,” he said matter-of-factly, “And Castiel can’t control his…” Jack slowed when Sam gave him a look equal parts horrified and warning, and then finished carefully, “…borrowed grace.”
“Yep,” said Dean again, waving blandly as Sam disappeared. “You want a beer?” He asked, and then, noticing Claire was still present, amended, “Either of you?”
“Thanks for being here,” she started, clearing her throat. “Especially in light of—well. You know. I’ll get right to it: Alan and his wife disappeared this morning. Their son is one of my students. He said—they were found a few hours ago, I—”
“Glad that’s settled,” said Sam. “Let’s get going. Mr. and Mr. Jones, you have a PTA meeting in an hour.”
“Make a choice, boys!” called out Rowena. The purple haze in the room warbled a bit as she focused her attention on the third set of spell items, which started glowing yellow. “I’m starting the final spell!”
Castiel walked close to Sam and sighed, explaining quietly, “He needs to feel useful. Without his powers…”
“You’re not a good liar yourself,” snarked Castiel gently. “And anyway. I can always tell when someone’s telling the truth. Remember?” He pointed above his head, and quoted Dean with a small smirk. “Halo, wings, harp?”
"Because," I smile at him, and lean forwards, tipping my forehead to his. We stare at each other, and my heart is racing--and I don't know why I've waited so long for this. "Angels see all these things, have all this power, but humans? You get the best thing. And we get jealous. You get love. I found it--found you. And I'm selfish."
Dream Cas stared back just as fiercely, and Castiel recognized the look. The tightness in his chest gripped him harder, squeezed until there was pain—and that was familiar too.
“Cas, I can’t—I don’t want—I can’t fight with you right now.” His voice wavered. “I thought I’d lost you, this whole time, I wasn’t sure and—I wanted to believe, but—God, Cas. I can’t fight with you. Not now. Not when I have you, and—” Dean swallowed and looked away from Castiel, out over the dark cliffs, but Castiel pulled his chin back.
The first half of the drive was anything but quiet. Jack asked Castiel a million and one questions about his own Nephilim grace, how they might get it back, and what it would mean if they couldn’t, and what it was like to be a human. Dean likewise answered questions about what he remembered from his time with Michael: killing the Devil, dressing like a “douchebag,” bits and pieces of the travel, that sometimes it felt like being strapped to a star.
Tracking Michael had been the easy part; the archangel was proving to be rather ostentatious with his fashion. Within a day of commandeering Dean Winchester’s body Michael had used one of Dean’s credit cards to make nearly two thousand dollars’ worth of purchases from high-end clothing stores. Why he didn’t just take them Castiel wasn’t certain. Perhaps he’d been living in the apocalypse world too long, or perhaps he was trying to blend in and lie low—disappearing in the middle of Saks Fifth Avenue in Manhattan was sure to draw attention, and Castiel suspected attention was, at least for the moment, the last thing Michael wanted. He’d want to take stock of this new world, do some scouting and planning before he made his power play to control it.
He circled the “downtown” area, then again, and then again, aimless and buzzing with nervous energy. Finally, on something like the tenth lap around the square, Dean finally pulled into a parking space in front of the book-comic-music emporium and cut the engine. Once inside, he made a beeline through the racks of books toward the back wall—the music section—and began perusing their small selection of record players. The good ones weren’t cheap, and the cheap ones weren’t good, but he finally settled on a mid-tier turntable that folded itself into a metal suitcase—clips, handle, and all. Dean eyed the box and smiled. He could practically hear Castiel’s voice in his head calling it
“Hey, what’s wrong?” said Sam, meeting him at the kitchen’s entrance, face knit with concern. Behind him, Cas stood still clutching his coffee cup, wearing the same expression.
“Nothing has changed, Sam,” said Castiel. He’d left the spell book open on the table, and now he closed it and slid it to the side. “There’s nothing in here about removing archangel grace without also removing my own,” he continued.
“Dude, they’re fine.” Sam’s voice broke through the worried haze of Dean’s mind. He sat at the library table, every gun he owned spread out before him. The first few in the line were whole, as were the last few, but one in the middle had been carefully disassembled, and he was cleaning the parts meticulously.
A brightness spread across Castiel’s face, and Dean couldn’t help but grin in return. “Good,” the angel answered, and leaned forward to pull the hunter into a careful embrace, grazing his lips across the healing scars on Dean’s cheek as he did. From his proximity, he could feel the heat radiating into Dean’s ears.
Dean broke away to look down at Castiel, and the angel stared back up at him, his blue eyes wide and bleeding. The color drained from Dean’s face as he touched his cheek and found not tears, like he’d though, but Castiel’s blood.
“If that means you’re a coward then so am I,” answered Castiel lowly. He sighed through his nose and finally lifted his free hand to settle it gently on the back of Dean’s neck. He drew Dean forward to rest their foreheads together, closing his eyes as he continued. “But you don’t get to lock me away because you’re afraid. And I won’t do that to you.” He paused. “We’re not Rapunzels.”
“Hey, two for one sale,” Dean Winchester said, flashing a shit-eating grin over his shoulder at the angel in the trench coat behind him. He proceeded to snag four, not two, bags of spicy pork rinds.
Dean shook his head and smiled. “I’m not mad, Cas. It’s okay. I get it. And like I said—I’m not exactly upset over it.”
“And we’re not letting him die again,” said Castiel. “It’s not an option. And we’re certainly not going to be the ones to drive the knife.”
“It doesn’t matter,” said Castiel, tugging at Dean and shifting so that they were once again seated as they’d been in the car—Dean between Castiel’s legs, back leaning against the angel’s chest—and he wrapped his arms around Dean, still holding his hands. “I love it because you gave it to me.”
Castiel stared at the table for a few minutes longer, sipping on his beer. After a while, he suddenly rose and abandoned what remained of his drink, striding down the hallway full of resolve. A few feet before he reached Dean’s closed door, Dean opened it in jeans and a t-shirt, ruffling his wet hair with a hand. He blinked at Castiel and the look on his face, and started, “Cas, what’s—”
“Okay,” said Jack, and the smile slipped from his lips, brow knit in concentration. “Because of you, all of you, I have a family,” he started softly. “And I love you. All I want is for you all to be happy, and with you guys together, it feels like that might be something real. Thanks for getting married,” he ended awkwardly, finally twisting another grin.
An instant later, Dean hit his knees on the grass in the backyard, gasping through a wave of disorienting nausea. “Sam?” he growled.
“It might be, yeah,” said Dean. He swallowed. “But we’re too beat right now to go through with it either way. We’ve been going nonstop looking for you, man. And I don’t—it’ll make you mad.”
“Great,” sighed Dean. He leaned his head forward to rest his forehead against the cool lip of the tub, squinting shut his eyes.
Sam beamed a nerdy smile and shook his head. “No kidding,” he confirmed. “Anyway, Belial and Michael battled each other for days, and Belial was besting Michael at every turn, just wearing him down. He went in to strike the final blow that would have ended Michael, and the only thing that stopped it was God himself stepping in.” Sam reached over and turned the book’s page, sliding his finger down to another paragraph. “God showed up with an army of angels to stand behind Michael and turned the tide. He’d already locked up Lucifer, and quashing Belial was all that remained to ensure Hell’s surrender.”
“No, hey—come on, man. Look at me,” pleaded Sam. Castiel lowered the book and met his gaze, and he continued. “I heard what Michael said about that grace you swallowed. And something’s obviously up with you and Dean—”
The meeting ended after about an hour, and Dean and Cas got to work making small talk, gleaning what details they could about the disappearances from the other parents. When Dean heard a snippet of Castiel’s conversation with a parent behind him (“You have a greyhound? Are you aware many of them are only capable of thinking in ovals?”), he decided it was time to go.
Shoeless, Dean looped his fingers into Castiel’s beltloops to draw him back down, crashing his lips into his lover’s and rolling his hips, pulling a small moan from somewhere deep in Castiel’s chest—and then he went rigid.
The angel nodded and his shoulders relaxed at Dean’s touch, his gaze sweeping back out to the dark sea. “I worry.”
They pulled into the hotel parking lot and stopped with a screech. The sky was beginning to fade from black to a dull, dark blue with the approach of sunrise. Sam nodded at Cas in the back, who still held Dean’s unconscious body, and exited quickly, loping up to the hotel room door. Rowena wasn’t far behind, though she moved with much less haste. Sam had unlocked the room and disappeared inside before Cas had been able to move out of the car.
“This witch is powerful for one so young,” he whispered. “Whatever spell she’s using, she’s able to control angels, too.”
“Yes, I—” Cas began. He looked down at his chest and touched it as if to make sure he was solid, then looked back up at Dean. “Yes, it’s me. Is it really
Dean made his face carefully blank, and asked, trying to hide the dread in is voice, “Do—you want a wedding?”
Dean bore Castiel slowly to his room, then settled him gently to the bed, where Castiel flopped backwards instantly. “I don’t sleep,” Castiel mumbled, “But this might come close.”
I feel Dean shudder beneath my touch, but he doesn't withdraw. He doesn't blink. Does he realize he's begun to cry? I don't know. But I don't bring it up. He'd hate it if I did, and I love that I know that.
“Good,” Castiel sighed. “Sometimes I—when you remember what I am, sometimes I do too. And I remember that there was a reason angels always used to introduce ourselves to humanity by saying,
“Oi, careful! That’s Polygonatum, more commonly called Solomon’s Seal. The spell doesn’t work without them.”
Claire left early the next morning after getting one last shot of grace-healing from Castiel. She said Jody’d be worried if she was gone longer, even though she’d known where Claire was.
Castiel looked down, almost bashfully, and he smiled back. “Burritos now, I think,” he said. “Burgers for dinner?”
“I don’t have a record player,” Dean repeated. “I don’t use vinyls. We never stayed in one place long enough to—it was always cassette tapes. For the Impala. I use cassettes.”
Dean stared in hesitation. Finally, he shook his head. “Nah. Too easy. Fake Cas would know that too. Gimme something else.”
Dean smirked. “Nobody does.” He reached out and set a tentative hand on Castiel’s knee. “You hungry?”
“Nothing,” Castiel murmured into Dean’s skin. “I just—it sounds silly,” he said, “but I can’t ever seem to be close enough to you. Sometimes it’s like any space is too much space.” He paused as Dean’s fingers tensed on his back, pulling him somehow closer, and then he whispered, “And we spent so many years already fighting back the urge to touch. So much time.”
“That’s true,” said Castiel, his heart swelling again. “I sometimes envy humans that they never had wings to lose. It would make this easier in many ways. But harder in others,” he said, admitting. “Part of me knows that either way, my fate is inevitable.”
“I told him to crash a couple hours ago,” said Sam, toasting Castiel before taking a swig. “That spell did more of a number on him than he wants to let on. Where’s Dean?”
Castiel withdrew his hands to his lap as Dean began to lean forward, watching him carefully. Dean held eye contact until his lips were a breath from Castiel’s, and then he grinned. Instead of kissing him, Dean dipped his head down below Castiel’s jawline and pressed his lips to the side of the angel’s neck. Castiel inhaled with a little gasp, and Dean felt him shiver as goosebumps began to ripple across his skin, so Dean went further. With the next brush of his lips he sucked a gentle kiss into Castiel’s neck, then repeated the gesture, slowly moving lower until his mouth reached the curve of his shoulder, and Dean let his teeth just barely graze against the dip. Castiel let out a slow sigh, his heart beating so hard Dean could feel his pulse through his lips. He smiled against the angel’s neck and started to withdraw, but Castiel’s hands flew up to his shoulders, holding him in place.
, then sighed. Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes for a long moment, then deleted the words. He retyped,
“Oy, boys, we’re ready!” she called over her shoulder, smoothing the cloth. Dean and Sam came around the corner moments later, each carrying two chairs, one under each arm.
He sent it and sighed. Sam was still staring at his phone, waiting for Dean to respond, when he heard the telltale creak of the bunker’s door swinging open. He walked around the corner to find a sweaty Castiel slowly descending the metal stairs, feet thunking heavily despite his light running shoes.
“Are you alright?” called Jack from across the room, where Sam had instructed him to stay. “It felt like an earthquake…”
“No,” said Dean, shaking his head, his voice rising again. “No, because I was worried. Aright? Is that what you want to hear? I was worried about you, Cas, because I can’t—” he cut himself off, his voice strangling.
Right around the half hour mark, a buzzing interrupted the shitty tune. Dean sped the Impala to the shoulder of the road and slammed it into park, thumbing open the message from Castiel.
Sam sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. “We’re not gonna let that happen. Dean’ll be back any minute, Rowena’s coming—all of us together will figure something out. We will.”
The drive, thankfully, wasn’t far. Within ten minutes they were screeching to a halt at the edge of the warehouse. Dean had shed his Fed coat sometime during the drive, and was out of the car in seconds, tucking guns into his waistband and loading his pockets with clips. Castiel slid an angel blade into the hidden holster in his sleeve, and Dean slammed the trunk.
“Good, that’s good,” said Dean, exhaling. “Hey—you okay for thirty seconds while I run to the car? I got you a present.”
“No! I’ll do it,” said Jack immediately, and abandoned his own cake to pop the cork too quickly, sending it flying off across the yard. A little foam ran down the bottle’s neck, but he wasn’t deterred. Within a minute, he’d filled each of the four glasses with champagne and passed them around, and sat down to look expectantly at his party guests.
While they talked, Dean left Castiel’s side and moved around the kitchen, collecting utensils and cookware. He quietly gave Sam instructions, and within a minute or two, the brothers were beside each other at the counter, chopping vegetables, elbowing each other and bickering like everything was normal.
?” said Sam, shaking his head. His cheeks began to flush even in the purple darkness settling over the valley. “
” Jack beamed, and a warmth spread through Dean with the realization that this was Jack’s first experience with Funfetti.
Late that evening, Castiel was lounging comfortably in bed, shirtless and cozy in flannel pajama pants, reading the paper when he stumbled across what might be a case: a possible haunting at the local morgue and crematorium. He leaned forward and pulled the cap of his pen off with his teeth and spread the paper on the bed between his knees, moving to circle it. As he did, Dean opened the door and stepped into the room, smiling when he caught sight of Castiel.
“Yeah, okay,” said Dean, both Winchesters stepping to join Castiel. “I can dig hiking.” Sam snorted and Dean rounded on him. “What?”
“It’s not a problem,” Castiel answered. He smiled and crooked a brow, settled his hand over Dean’s on his cheek. “When, though?”
Dean drew a long breath in and held it for a moment, watching Castiel in the strange light. A smile split his face again. “Alright,” he said, and stood, offering a hand to the angel. “Just in time for breakfast.”
“You’re welcome,” said Castiel, his eyes lighting up. “It’s not much,” he admitted. “Most of it was already in the Bunker. The champagne and strawberries were at a store in town. So was the CD.”
“Knock it off, Cas,” Dean snapped. “We’re not going to have a real married fight while we’re fake married.” He blinked at his own statement and shook his head once, pulling open the car door and sliding in.
“Shut up,” Castiel growled low, glowering at Michael. He stole a glance behind him, and saw Jack staring wide-eyed, and a now very-much-awake Sam Winchester staring as well. Unlike Jack, though, Sam didn’t look surprised. He looked heartbroken.
“It does,” agreed Castiel. “I remember Epicurus. He was a brilliant mind. Wonderful orator. Just…” he shrugged again and looked over to Dean. “Blasphemous. Never mind that this was before Judaism, much less Christianity.”
Dean’s heart stuttered and he snapped up to look down at Castiel, who was staring up at him, blue eyes wide. He didn’t look the least bit tired. “Cas! Hey, hey are you okay?”
“What are you thinking?” Cas finally asked, tilting his head. “I promised not to read your mind, but when you get like this it’s tempting.”
Castiel listened, watching Dean in sad silence. When Dean lingered over the quiet boom box just a bit too long, lost in thought, Castiel finally spoke up softly. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
“It’s not ideal,” said Castiel. “But from what I know of Belial, he’ll think you backed out on the deal if Michael isn’t here.”
Castiel was shocked awake and he bolted up in bed with a gasp, looking around to get his bearings. When he found Dean on the floor, arms and legs akimbo, he tilted his head and narrowed his eyes. “Dean…what are you doing?” he grumbled lowly, then reached up to touch his temple with a frown. “My head aches.”
“Aye, that’s it,” said Rowena. “You’ve got to touch to travel together, so take hold of Samuel’s arm.”
you’d find me. I was afraid you’d find my corpse, or that you or Sam would get hurt or die trying, because—well, you’re both incredibly reckless.”
“Fair enough,” said Sam. He looked up to Dean and cleared his throat. “So, Cas, we should talk now that Dean’s here.”
Dean squinted at the red numbers of his alarm clock on the nightstand. “Almost ten. Kid’ll be up soon.” He snorted and looked back to Sam. “He hasn’t been human long, but he took to that teenage sleeping-late thing pretty quick, huh?”
“Alright, well, I’ll make it until then,” groaned Castiel. He moved his hands, curled back into fists, to the table, and growled as he tried, and failed, to stand.
our plan,” grumbled Castiel, still pacing. He crouched to touch the ash left by the circle of fire, rubbing the black between his fingertips.
“You’re…acting weird,” Dean countered badly, clearing his throat. “M’gonna get dressed, okay? Show’s over.”
Castiel didn’t answer. Instead he pulled his face away and opened his eyes to stare into Dean’s. The song faded out into something quieter, slower, and Castiel tilted his head forward to drag the tip of his nose down the bridge of Dean’s. He hovered there for just a moment before dipping his chin down to press his lips gently to Dean’s.
“I have something you might want,” Dean answered. He balled a fist behind his back and pressed his nails into the flesh of his palm, steeling himself against this demon who was—somehow—more frightening than Lucifer had ever seemed to him.
Dean looked over at Castiel, and when their eyes met, they smiled at each other through their panting.
Castiel took a deep breath. He felt dizzy with the drop spreading out behind him, felt his heart hammering in his chest. “Yes, they are flawed,” Castiel muttered through clenched teeth. “But they’re better than you think. If you just ga—”
“Think about where we are, boys,” Rowena said, smiling. “Did you ever ask why Michael made New Orleans his home base?”
All three men immediately turned and gripped their weapons, suddenly again on high alert. The slow click of heels echoed through the room, and out of the shadows stepped a small, red-haired woman in a long black dress. Rowena smiled and held up a small vial that emanated a bright, silver-blue light.
remaining grace,” he said. “And you’ve brought it outside your bunker’s warding.” He looked Sam up and down, almost hungrily, and licked his lips. “It’s like a beacon, Sam. Always wanting to come home. I knew the second you walked outside.”
“What’s our cover?” Claire interrupted, limping up to the pair and the unconscious man. “They’re on their way, and we look like hell.” In punctuation, she spits out a spray of blood.
Dean took Castiel’s extended hand and pulled himself up, then tugged the towel more tightly around his shoulders. “B-bite me, Cas,” he chattered out.
“Suppose it could,” said Rowena, then held up her hands when Sam shot her a look. “But it’s not likely! Jack’s body used to hold something like grace. It can hold the spell.”
“That’s not at all mathematically correct,” said Sam, but he still took the coffee. “You said—what, two days here, a week there?”
“I remember what it took to get here,” said Cas. He reached for Dean’s hand, picked it up and held it between both of his own. “What we sacrificed.”
“Jack,” Castiel started. “We can’t decide what Dean would want because we know what he’d say: that we should just stab him with the archangel blade.”
“I love you,” Dean whispered back, and licked into Castiel’s mouth, rolling his hips at the same time.
“Cas’s eyes are bleeding,” said Dean, controlled. He released Castiel’s arm. “What’ve you got, Rowena? We need to end this.”
“Everything good?” asked Sam, looking over the table full of occult items in the harsh, fluorescent light.
“Okay,” said Sam. He closed his eyes and focused, then clamped his fingers down around the seal. The pair disappeared from the library in a flash of purple light.
“I’ll allow it,” Dean sleep-slurred back. He shifted, turning his head to face Castiel, squinting open one eye. “Time’s it?”
Nobody spoke, so Rowena cleared her throat and cut a look to Dean. He caught her glance and cleared his throat, rising slowly.
Castiel was standing still in the shower, his hands by his sides, face upturned into the hot water. Dean quirked a little grin and knocked lightly on the wall to signal his approach. Castiel lowered his head but didn’t open his eyes. “Hello, Dean.”
“Thanks,” said Dean. He cleared his throat and moved to sit up again. He pointedly avoided meeting Castiel’s gaze as he settled himself slowly against the headboard.
But whatever this monster was wasn’t fitting any profile they’d seen before; instead, it was fitting multiple: at the morgue, Sam (who had been correct about probably not having to teach: he spent a day showing science videos to a freshman bio class before they brought in someone more qualified) reported bodies drained of blood, missing hearts and pituitary glands, and even hex bags in stomachs. The boys and Claire pored over lore, but kept coming back to the same conclusion: it had to be more than one monster, and the theory was that a witch was behind it all.
“Come on, baby bro,” said Michael, sneering. “It’ll ease your mind.” He paused, considering, then shrugged and added, “Or it won’t.”
