made him happy, but there were still plenty of holes. Large ones that left him hollow, left him wondering what he was even fighting for when he woke up in the morning.
“Yea, yea,” Steve replied, coughing a few times as he struggled to stand up. While they had escaped the flames, Steve could feel the throbbing heat encase his left side, ugly bruising already appearing on his skin.
“Will you quit it with the goddamn note! You have to understand; I can’t have you running off without telling anyone.”
“Hey, hey,” Steve replied, grabbing Tony’s hand, and pulling it away. “It’s alright, it’s okay,” he soother, pressing a kiss to Tony’s temple. “Everything’s going to be okay.”
“Don’t you ‘Ms. Potts’ me,” she snapped. “You have a lot of nerve showing up here, Joseph Grant. Or should I say The Captain?”
Barnes sighed, getting up from his chair and walking over to Tony’s bar, reaching for a water pitcher also laid out. Tony saw as the other man fumbled with the glass and liquid, clumsy with only having the use of one hand. Barnes poured himself an ample amount before sauntering back to Tony. “You’re right, I don’t. Because I was wrong about you. I told you what kind of man I thought you were, but I was wrong.”
Steve sighed inwardly, balling his hands into tight fists. “Bruce ordered dinner for the team, a team of which, you are included. I promise your lab will still be here after dinner.”
“Clint!” Tony cried. The blonde tried to dodge, but to no avail, thrown clear of the lobby and through the connecting wall.
Natasha’s voice startled him right out of the bench. He wiped his eyes quickly, trying to compose himself. When he turned around, he found himself faced with not only Natasha, but with another unfamiliar woman.
A sharp rap on the door not but a half hour ago had pulled Steve from his sleep, his body curling protectively over Tony’s as the door opened. Seeing Bucky and the look in his eyes had Steve tensing for a whole different reason.
“Oh, nothing to say now?” Clint sneered. “I’ve sat through three days of you blabbering into my ears, and now you’ve got nothing to say?”
Iron Man dropped the robber back to the ground in a heap, scoffing. “Oh, sure, you’ve got him,” he said as he crossed his arms defensively. “I just took him out for you.”
“Jealous?” asked Tony with a raised eyebrow, glancing down to where The Captain was still holding his arm. The Captain blushed furiously, dropping Tony’s arm as if it were fire, and taking a few steps back.
“Yes, you can. But Tony Stark doesn’t have friends. So what would he be doing with a cop like you?” When Phil didn’t answer, Fury continued. “I’m sure you know all about Stark’s recent entanglement with the mob community, namely The Commandos.”
Against his better judgement, Steve rushed over to the door and flung it open. There stood a hulking man wearing a tailored black suit, phone pressed to his ear, with dark skin, and piercing eye –
He wasn’t wrong. It was if the small town of Casey was set upon collecting as may world records as they possibly could.
Falcon’s wing suit trailed quickly after the rouge helicopter. “Shouldn’t you be getting ready?” Falcon shouted over his shoulder while keeping up with the chopper.
Stark huffed out a laugh, but Steve managed to see a faint blush. “You’re welcome, asshole,” he groaned.
The masked man dropped the purse immediately, backing slowly away from Steve. He reached behind him and pulled out a gun from his waistband with a shaking hand. Steve sighed inwardly, raising his shield a little higher.
Steve cracked his eyes open, grateful when he was met with a muted light instead of a blinding one. His vision was soon blocked off by his friend, Steve blinking rapidly until the concerned face drew into focus.
Oh, right. He could bicker with Bucky another time. Steve paused, thinking how best to phrase his conundrum. But, let it be known that Steve Rogers was never subtle, so he just blurted out, “When was the last time we had sex?”
When the two blondes looked back to him, he continued. “Why go looking for the man, when we can bring him to us?”
But worst of all, Tony Stark was complex. That after being all of those things, the man still managed to remind Steve constantly that he was the best out of all of them. Like after a rough mission, Clint would find himself with a better bow, Natasha better armor, or the team would find brand new comm units. Once Natasha let it slipped that she liked to read, and the next day, Tony had outfitted the tower in a luxurious library, including all of the classics that Natasha loved. In each of the different languages she spoke. Steve knows that Tony is the one that always makes sure that Bruce’s favorite teas from the Middle East are always in stock, one already brewed for him after the Hulk was needed on a mission. Tony even managed to procure Steve’s old motorcycle from the Smithsonian, leaving it down in his workshop for Steve to work on whenever he pleased. Steve sometimes wondered why Tony had never made the final leap to full-fledged Avenger; the man did so much for the team. Balancing the team’s PR, their tech and living arrangements, not to mention large amounts of charity donations for innocent victims of their foes, Tony Stark would do it all.
Steve felt himself drop his weapon, staring at Stark at disbelief. "Enough to believe me about my little problem?"
“I’m not wrong! Having cold pizza the next day is as good as, if not better, than when you eat it fresh!”
When he left the service and moved to D.C., Sam had promised Riley one thing: that he would live his life to make him proud. Live the life that Riley had gifted him but didn’t save for himself. At the time, Sam had thought working at the foundation was the right answer, but it turned out it was just a stepping stone. A stepping stone to the underbelly. To the world riddled with corrupt politicians and leaders, damaged policies, and shady dealings.
Stepping back in the hallway, she eyed Sam immediately. Ward waited until they were both in front of him before guiding them back to Fury’s office. Sam was still watching her out of the corner of his eye. Carefully, she leaned a hand out in front of her, making sure her body blocked the view from Grant.
“Obviously whoever it was, was hoping that this would happen. This couldn’t have been Bruce,” answered Steve.
Hill bit her lip as she nodded. She walked forward slowly, almost as if she was afraid to approach. “We were able to recover the actual victims from the acquired target list. You need to know.”
Steve snorted. “The meaning is in its opposite. ‘Go Ugly Early’ means ‘Come Pretty Late’. Workers would whisper it in during store hours, and the customers that recognized the code would know that the bar would be open that night.”
“I listened to a few of them on my way up here,” Fury continued. “I was particularly keen of your bonus episodes.”
Loki wheezed out a laugh. “He’s involving too many people. It won’t be long until Pierce finds himself dead by his so called friends.”
Steve scoffed, dropping back down onto the bench, warm water splashing around the pair. “There it is,” he muttered, shaking his head back and forth, smile still plastered on his face.
Bucky looked down, looking as empty as Steve had ever seen him. For the second time, a good friend tore out of his grasp coldly, and stomped away. Steve could only pray that they would forgive him.
Tony knew he couldn’t stay here. He had work to do. His company was in shambles after the kidnapping - he didn’t even want to think about the stocks - and from what Pepper had shown him, the competitive market was a disaster.
Clint shot the man a glare over his shoulder. “You’ve wasted enough of our time to show that you really can’t.”
He sent the command for JARVIS, tossing his phone away. There was a split second that nothing happened, but Steve moved anyway, a burst of adrenaline pushing him up towards the window. He felt his skin being pierced, shards of glass that remained in the windows cut him as he crashed thought, but it was negligent, as a rumbling sounded, the only warning that came before a wall of heat roared behind them, sending them crashing out of the warehouse.
But no matter how different they were, they were all the same. They were good. They were heroes. They were what Steve wanted to be when he grew up.
But it didn’t matter. Here, laying in this queen bed, he’d never been more aware of all the empty space around him.
“Me too. I’m coming as well.” Sam, also catching onto the silent argument between Natasha and Bucky, chimed in.
She slapped the sandwich out of his hand. “I just got back from class; I wanted something quick,” she shrugged.
Tony landed a good punch, clipping another man with an elbow, intent on pushing away. A cry of pain had him freezing in his tracks as he watched Steve fall to the ground, out cold. Tony raced forward, towards the fallen man, but hands were grabbing him again. He struggled, pulled, yanked his way closer to Steve until he felt a small prick in his neck, everything slowly fading to black.
Tony nodded. “I think we can spring for a few days. As long as this dog manages to stay out of my stuff.” Lucky had, unbeknownst to Clint, wheedled his way under Tony’s arm, the brunette casually scratching under his chin. Steve was shooting Clint a smug look that screamed
“It was my job to know,” Steve hissed pulling away from Sam. “Go. Find him,” he snapped. “Bring him home.”
After walking for a while, Tony finally found himself in the midst of Hell's Kitchen. He passed easily through streets crowded with hungry tourists, cutting through back aalleyways. It wasn't long until the crowds had thinned out, leaving only the occasional resident passing by. A few more blocks and Tony strolled up to his final destination. He pulled out the keys he had grabbed from his office, unlocking a car on a small side street. Tony had, over the course of some years and with the help of Happy, deposited cars over different parts of New York if he ever found himself unprotected and in need of a fast get away. Or, in this case, a discrete way to get around the city.
The door stood slightly ajar, the light pouring out onto the floor. Steve hadn’t been in his office when he left. He was in the gym.
Steve rubbed at his forehead. How the hell was he supposed to answer that. It’s not like he had really been focusing on anything, except for the gun, and the cold, the cold,
“You don’t think I know that?” Steve hissed at his friend. Tony came up behind him, placing a comforting arm on his back. “You think I’m happy with this arrangement?”
Sitwell rewound the tape, playing it again, the other three occupants of the room leaning forward as if trying to see more clearly. “Look! He moves! Right there!” Sitwell pointed to the screen, showing Pietro move his head slightly as Sitwell sits down. “Listen, I don’t know how he does it but there’s no tack before he moves, and after he moves, there’s a tack. Coincidence? I think not!”
Tony flashed him a grin. “You like? Had to gut the place myself. Howard’s style didn’t really fly with me. Now, it’s a perfect paradise to escape for a few hours.”
“He’s not, look,” Tony pointed. There, barely visible through the smoke and throngs of other cars was a single van, bright yellow letters painted on the side.
Sam was silent for a moment. “Of course, Steve. But I’m with Bucky on this one. You can’t go down to the station.”
Crude metal clamped over his arms, pinching his skin, but Tony paid it no mind, instead focusing on the wires that connected to his arc reactor. “Are you sure this is going to work?” Yinsen asked.
“Cap, calm down. It’s just me,” a steady voice filtered through his ears. Steve’s vision, still swimming, managed to lock in on Sam, the man seemingly unaffected by his violence, even as Steve had his gun aimed at his chest.
“Um, thanks. I think.” Bruce answered, starting to poke at Stark’s wound as the engineer continued to bombard him with questions. Bruce answered each one politely, working with steady hands, only stopping to gently readjust Stark's position as the man blabbed animatedly about something Steve could never hope to understand. He could see the excitement reflected in Bruce's own eyes as he worked a neat row of stitches into Stark's arm.
Steve leaned down and buried his nose in Tony’s mop of hair. He had used Bucky’s shampoo this morning. Steve wasn’t sure if it was the actual scent or knowing that it was one of theirs, but Tony using either of their products always ended up smelling better on him.
Steve squeezed his hand one last time before pushing Tony towards the door. “Later,” he agreed, cocking his gun.
Tony shouted in alarm, picking up a lamp to use as a weapon. When he whirled around, he groaned. “Goddamn it, Steve. What the hell?”
His heart clenched at the thought of the other man, the EKG singing in response. He had to get out of here; he had to get to Clint. He remembered the phone call, he remembered Clint's frantic tone. Clint had known something was wrong and had been rushing in head first to go get him. Actually getting shot, however, was more of a blur. He had felt the blinding pain, of course, that had him on the ground within a blink of eye. But all Phil could focus on was the screaming; not everyone's - bullets firing always had the knack of sending the public into a blind panic - but his screams.
Bucky shifted to his stomach, eyes fluttering open long enough to catch a glimpse at his alarm clock.
Not waiting for an answer, Bucky pushed his towards the stairs, Steve stumbling to get his feet beneath him. He contemplated, as he walked up the stairs, if he should shower in the communal showers instead of his private bath in his room. He didn’t really want Tony to see him like this, covered in unmentionables.
“Anyway,” Stark continued with a flourish of his hand, standing up gracefully. “Rumlow had a military background. I’m gonna meet with one of my informants and see if we can dig anything up there. Even if HYDRA has pull in the NYPD, their power can only go so far.”
“Then give them Stark; use him as bait. HYDRA was going to kill him regardless, you might as well use him to your advantage. Draw them back out and then finish them once and for all. You want to find peace, Captain? This is how.”
Everything was pounding through his head. Being able to access any information was both a blessing and a curse. Tony had found himself seeing things he didn’t want to.  If he wasn’t caught in nightmares of being left in space, his brain was littered with images of Steve getting beaten to a pulp by the Winter Soldier, or HYDRA pointing a gun at Steve’s temple in the streets of Washington.
Steve hadn’t felt the first tears spill over his cheeks, only feeling the pounding in his brain as it replayed ‘
He let the car crash into some trash cans, and stumbled out. Trying to walk failed, as one of his legs disappeared. “Wait! WAIT!” Bucky screamed into the night. “I’m here!”
Tony rolled his eyes. “The potential merger deal? Don’t tell me you didn’t read the schedule,” he said with false dramatics.
Steve shot Sam a dirty look. “This isn’t the first time Tony’s muted JARVIS from answering my commands.”
There was a short silence, Steve no doubt trying to think of anything that could have happened in the span of leaving the building and walking to the car. “Tony?” he prompted.
If that meant that he got his ass handed to him every once in a while, and be chastised for being an immature child? Fine.
Tony didn’t even bother with a reply, looking back at the scene in front of him, eyes darting as he took in each part. “Can I?” Tony asked, shooting a questioning glance at Steve. Another smart retort died on his lips, and Steve just smiled, nodding. He’d seen this happen a few times with Tony. It was strange seeing him this way, a man usually so proud and domineering, now shy, and almost nervous. It was a habit that Steve hated. One that spoke volumes of a broken childhood. One absent of love.
“Good man,” Tony beamed. “Come on, gang,” he continued, pulling on Steve’s arm as he led the group past Yinsen to the back of the shop. “The real fun’s through here.”
Also, yes, I absolutely used the MCU actor names as their witness protection identities. I have the creativity of a walrus, don't @ me.
Steve turned back to Sam. “Don’t beat yourself up. You couldn’t have known. No one here blames you, so you shouldn’t either.”
“I’m his history teacher, Mr. Sitwell,” the man sneered back, crossing his arms. “Your son keeps putting thumb tacks on my stool!”
“Don’t bother,” The Captain sneered. Tony shivered - he'd never heard the man sound that way, even when they first met. “There’s nowhere for you to run anymore.”
Clint had always looked up to Steve, thinking of him as the brother he never had. Well, Clint had actually had an older brother at one point, but Clint wouldn’t hesitate to choose Steve every time. They were a family: Clint, Steve, and the rest of The Commandos, each of them easily filling up the holes in the others’ hearts.
His shoes clacked loudly on the linoleum floor under him, the angry voices of the press conference slowly slipping away.
Tony pulled his hand away. “Well, glad we finally got that out of the way. Come on.” Tony led Steve up to his mansion. “I guess if you’re here to protect me, the least I can do is give you something to eat.”
stood alone. It wasn’t a warning; it was a signature. That’s why Clint couldn’t find them. They were using code names; they probably hadn’t used their real names in years, and if they had, they’ve long since deleted them from existence.
“Not now, Bucky.” Steve held out a hand to stop his complaints, rubbing at his temple. Clint frowned at Steve’s appearance. It had been a rough month on everyone, Steve especially.
Whatever. Desperate times call for desperate measures. And it’s not like he could have gone about it any other way. Well, any other way that wouldn’t end up with his arrest headlining the evening news.
Steve found himself stumbling on the steps. “No,” he stated, mostly to himself. “I really wouldn’t.” He bit his lip to try and stop him from smiling as he raced up the rest of the stairs to catch Tony. Trailing back into the main room, he found that everyone had regathered around the police scanner.
“Dance with me,” he murmured over Pepper’s shoulder, not even waiting for a reply before dragging her into the throng of swaying couples. He could see the slight shadow of uneasiness pass over Pepper’s face before it was gone, replaced by a fake amusement that she’d mastered years ago. One that was eaten up constantly by both the paparazzi and the boardroom.
Clint wasn’t big on history, but he knew for a fact that the Roman Empire didn’t even collapse this hard. The crew, if he could even call that even more, was in shambles. Some had left, making Clint’s insides burn with anger. Of course, Steve always left the option open for people to leave if it got too much, but no one ever took him up on it. Until the explosion happened, and people’s loyalties started dropping like flies. Some of them - ones that Clint would never think in a million years would walk away from this life - didn't even have the courage to say it to their faces, opting to drop off the face of the map without so much of a trace. Steve, as always, let them go, welcomed it even. But Clint was furious. The fact that as soon as things went wrong, they just slipped away was enraging. More than ever, the family needed to stay together, to draw strength from each other.
“Not how you ended up in my backyard, dumbass, how the hell did you end up on this side of the country? Last time I checked this was a big no-no.”
He could feel the heat of Bucky’s gaze on his neck. “What did you say?” the other man asked quietly.
Steve gaped, head snapping around the surrounding patrons in the room. Was this a trap? Bucky had warned him about this, back when he threatened to walk into a simple precinct when Tony was kidnapped. And now here he was, in the NYPD
Tony thought viciously to himself. He placed his mug back under the coffee machine, ready for a repeat performance the next day. Then, Tony went to go stand in the hall.
Barnes surveyed the frozen wasteland. “There!” he shouted, pointing in the distance. Sure enough, Steve’s familiar figure stood out against the white ice, standing with who Tony assumed to be The Red Skull.
Steve walked out to the factory. Another job. He stared out at the white tarp and frowned. He checked his watch again.
Barton shook his head. “No. The Monger isn’t HYDRA, he’s only working with him. Some sort of criminal consultant. No, Loki didn't mention him much. Instead, he let another name slip. I think it’s the guy running HYDRA now.”
Barnes rolled his eyes. “How about we skip that and we just get to the part where you shut your mouth?”
“Tony,” Steve breathed, sitting back on his heels, giving the other man a small, private smile. Tony hated that smile. It always did funny things to his chest.
Two bodies, slumped against each other lay right in front of the main doors. Their pristine clothing and white lab coats were almost indistinguishable underneath the river of blood that surrounded them. A flash of plastic against the sun had Tony noticing the SI badges the two currently wore. The damage that was done was immeasurable; Tony wouldn’t be able to figure out who they were if he tried. In between the two lay a sign, hand written in blood. Tony felt his knees buckle, The Captain’s strong arms barely catching him in time as he read the sign.
under his breath. They clashed back together, both of them fighting for dominance, trying to take everything they could from the other. Tony could feel Steve’s erection burning along his thigh and Tony moaned, already reaching down to grasp it in his hand.
no reason for The Captain to take any interest in him, because he didn't have anything to offer. The Commandos have had a steady stream of weapons come in for years. Tony was never able to confirm which arms dealer they were working with. If that had fallen through that The Captain was in the market for new digs, Tony had a feeling he was the type of man that would raid Tony's shipping warehouses before snatching the CEO and asking for permission. It shouldn't be for information either. Even if The Captain was looking into someone in Manhattan, Tony had heard more than enough about his fearsome crew to prove that he didn't need any help in that regard. He had once heard that Romanoff broke a man only using a single nail file. So, unless The Captain has gone rogue and left his team in the dust, it shouldn't be either of those things, and no reason for Tony to be wasting away in some basement.
Sam heard Steve walk up behind him, clapping a hand on his back. “Thanks for understanding, Sam. I can’t imagine how hard it is for all of you.”
Tony skimmed over one of the many new scars that littered Steve’s pale skin. “I take it this was the reason for you delay?”
Yinsen shot him a dirty look, but dutifully walked over to the computers. “I’ve got the algorithm all set up,” Tony continued. “Start the virus and it should get into every bit of tech they own: computers, cameras, electronic locks, you name it.”
"Thank you all for coming," he started. "I know there are a lot of questions that you have, surrounding my disappearance. Trust me, I have a lot of the same ones. And we could sit here all day, going back and forth, making accusations, throwing out theories, scribbling anything worthy to print on your papers. And you can do that. But on your own time, and not with me." he paused, taking in their amused faces.
There were a million things that coursed through his mind, excuses to delay the inevitable, but Steve ignored them. He’d faced certain death before, but astonishingly enough, he was more worried about what way on the other side of that door. Maybe it was knowing that regardless of what happened, he would still be there, and have to live with the consequences.
Steve sent a glance to check the empty highway before looking back to his companion, being met with another Tony classic. The ‘
“I got off the phone with Steve,” Bruce continued. “He said Tony was cold when he was shot. As I’m sure you know, most people usually describe it as a burning sensation.”
Which was, of course, enough noise to startle Tony away, the man shooting off the stool and down to the ground. Steve rushed around the island reaching forward to Tony who looked up at Steve with wide eyes, hands unconsciously reaching for his chest.
Steve wasn’t sure how long he stood there, collapsed in Bucky’s arms, while his friend hummed an old tune his mom used to sing to him when he was sick. It was so achingly familiar, Bucky always there to save him, to protect him. Even from himself.
“You can watch baseball whenever,” chided Natasha. “This was good for you; I was worried you were getting out of shape.”
“Alright, listen closely,” Steve started, reaching down to grab and pen and notepad, showing it into his client’s hands. “But I can’t. I’d like to tell you to take a copy of your policy down to Norma Wilcox on- ”
Steve just hummed, focusing on the meat in front of him. “That’s great,” he answered. God, he was so tired.
“Oh please, like you know anything about structural stability,” Tony snapped. “You just wanted to go out and play hero again!”
“Okay,” he said, pulling away from Tony as to not overheat him. “Let’s go get, Bruce. Maybe he’ll have some ideas on how to get your body temperature- ”
Rogers watched in horror as Natasha unlocked the door to her house. The address where Rogers was supposed to go.
Three pairs of eyes snapped back over to Clint. “I-I mean. He hasn’t dealt with me yet. Won’t know how to read me.”
Rogers heart was pounding as he entered Natasha’s home. She was sitting on the couch smoking. When Rogers entered, she looked up at him with fearful eyes.
Clint snorted as he fell into step besides Bruce, the man leading him further into his half of the lab. “Both, I suppose,” he finally answered.
It didn’t take Steve long to figure out that Clint had the same mindset as Tony; the whole ‘I’m just going to put on a front so no one can see how worthless I feel’ thing. Steve always makes sure he tells Tony that he loves him every day, stealing kittle kisses, making him blush. Anything to convey to Tony that he was everything to Steve. Of course, Steve had attempted before they were even together. Whether it be listening to Tony ramble on for hours about things Steve couldn’t possibly understand, make sure Tony’s opinion was heard at team meetings (no matter how outlandish).
“That you get to make the cross-country road trip?” Natasha asked. “No offense, Steve, but I don’t envy you. Sure, I want to see everyone, but I don’t think I could spend that long locked in a car with Tony.”
They could both see it, the end on each horizon. HYDRA was closing in, backing them into a corner that was surrounded by FBI. The rock and the hard place that would eventually be the death of all of them.
“I knew that we were already prepping with our back up plan after Washington; I just didn’t know it was you.”
Tony glared down at the car battery that sat in his lap, wires almost innocently connecting to the center of his chest. Tony bit his lip hard, trying to stop the tears that threatened to spill over his cheeks again. It was a good thing Yinsen had bandaged his chest back up. After a less than stellar first sighting of the mangled mess that was his torso, Tony didn’t think he could bring himself back to look at the monster he’d become. The only thing that had been keeping him sane the last few days is that he had potentially saved Steve’s life. Tony shook his head. No. He
Steve shifted, taking a few steps farther away from the intimate moment between him and Natasha. It was a pain he could relate too, one they all could. No one was happy about the agreement they had with Fury. The gang was the only real family they had left. He could understand the idea of witness protection – after Pierce and Stane were taken out of the picture, it wouldn’t be hard for the rest of HYDRA to put the pieces together on who was involved. So, he agreed with Fury that they needed to drop off the grid for a while, for all of their safety. What he didn’t agree on was the fact that they needed to do it all separately. They worked better as a unit; they would be able to protect each other, just like they’ve done in New York. But keeping them all together also made them a threat. And Fury knew that.
“Come on,” Bucky said into his ear, pulling Steve gently towards one of the bedrooms. “Something tells me you won’t have trouble sleeping tonight.” Steve went without hesitation, still too caught up in his friend’s warmth. Steve should have realized what Bucky was doing; he did it all the time when Steve was nothing more than a twig. Steve was too passionate, too head strong and stubborn. He would bottle everything up until he just about exploded, getting Steve caught up in way too many fights. Bucky would take him home and clean him up each time, pestering Steve to take better care of himself. It wasn’t too long before Bucky started to provoke him, getting Steve to fight him, let the weaker man get in a few punches, both tiring Steve out as well as keeping him safe from picking a fight with a stranger. Turns out some things never change.
And suddenly, Bucky was furious. Furious about the whole thing; about their stupid arrangement, about stupid Florida and stupid Mrs. Danowitz, about stupid Steve and Tony. “You’re just going to leave me here?” he hissed. “I’ve been here for months doing what I was damn told, and now I have to stay here? While you and him get to fucking come and go as you please?”
“Well, we do now! Or might, I’m not sure. This is why I need you to scope it out for me, see if there’s anything there," Tony answered. "Shouldn’t take any more than a week. Come on, when’s the last time you’ve had decent fish and chips?”
“Trust? No. Deal with? Yes. Besides we don’t really have a choice now. He’s our only lead to getting any information about HYDRA.”
Steve furrowed his brow as he traced the outside. That didn’t make any sense. Tony hade finished the renovations from the New York invasion years ago. So unless the Tony had an experiment go wrong, there was no excuse for the-
Lunch had come and gone, dinner as well, but Tony hadn’t even thought about going back home. Usually, when needed to get away, he would lock himself in his lab at the tower. However, seeing as there was still a possibility that it was still being overrun by an aggravated World War II relic, Tony had opted to hide out in his lab at the Avengers base in upstate New York.
Tony dragged him to a door, one that Steve had originally thought to be a closet. However, when Tony opened it, it revealed another slim hallway. The two walked down back across the new level reaching yet another door. Tony nodded to Steve, gesturing for the other man to open it.
Tony tried to control his breathing as he filled up another cup. His hands were shaking so much that the old coffee spilled all over the table.
Steve smiled lightly but Barnes interrupted before he could respond. “What are we gonna do about Stane?”
He let himself be dragged behind bars, only to be pulled back out and start over. It wasn’t until he started spending longer on the inside than out there, that Sam started to take stock of his actions. What was he even doing there? Was it even helping? Will it ever be enough?
Steve rolled his eyes, trying to play himself off as carefree. “Yes. Now go on, get your beauty rest.” Bucky patted him on the shoulder before walking out, finally leaving Steve alone.
“He says he’s driving, Tony,” Natasha laughed. “God forbid he gets pulled over for talking on the phone while operating a vehicle.”
“No time, Barton,” Tony interrupted. “He’s still out there and he has my reactor. Knowing him, he has a whole line of prototypes to try out.”
He pushed that thought from his mind, focusing on pulling Steve to dry land. Bucky huffed, yanking Steve’s dead weight the final few feet, out of the shallow water and onto the shoreline. Once Steve was secure he collapsed like a pile of bricks, gasping for a deep breath.
Which is how he found himself walking down to the expansive cellar, down the dimly lit hallway to reach the set of rooms they’d set aside as cells. While Steve didn’t know exactly where Bucky was, he let the muffled groans and fists hitting skin lead the way.
Tony laughed as he took off down the hallway, listening to the pounds and shouts of The Captain trapped in the other room.
“Someone trying to beat the crap out of your boyfriend?” Clint grimaced, his face throbbing. “Technically, I was, so let’s just call it even, huh?”
Tony flopped back down on the couch, groaning. He always did well under stress, always able to keep control. Hell, he had a whole childhood with Howard to prove that. But right now, Tony could almost feel the runaway train he was on. Honestly, if he had told himself a month ago that this was where he was gonna end up, Tony probably would have brushed it off as his usual drunken rants.
“They will be back,” Yinsen pushed. “And something tells me that they won’t be as generous as they were last time. We need a plan.”
Stark looked back at man in the chair. “Well, dead man tells no tales,” he quipped, stepping over to him. “So I guess I’ll just do the talking for him.” Steve watched as Stark pulled out his phone before snapping a few close ups of the man’s face.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Because every time you go out, you come back with your arms full of abandoned scrap claiming that you need to save them from rusting in the streets.”
He heard Tony snort softly. “Classic,” the man whispered, no doubt only intending for the comment to be heard by himself.
Barnes finished unwrapping his hands and sighed again, looking up at the lofty ceiling. “Come on, Barnes. Your best friend could be could there getting killed right now, and- ”
Then Steve was laughing, a deep rumble from his chest, and leaning forward, catching Tony in a deep kiss. “I love you,” he smiled, eyes crinkling.
The silence that followed Steve’s outburst seemed more deafening than the previous shouting. It was always moments like these where Bucky saw how Steve was never cut out for being a mob boss. That he was meant for something more than that life he was currently living. He was so passionate, and had so much to give the world; it seemed that hiding in the shadows and living a life of crime wasn’t one for him. But the fact that it wasn’t meant for him and he was doing it anyway was such a Steve thing to do. Bucky always knew the real reason Steve was born past his due date was because he was too stubborn to come out of the womb.
Tony laughed, a bunch of bright charms dancing in the wind, his face scrunching up like a sly raccoon. Steve couldn’t help but answer the infectious smile, pulling the man closer. Maybe it wasn’t the future they’d planned, but at least Steve still had him. As long as he had Tony, as long as he had his family, he’d give up being a superhero any day.
Clint beamed at Steve. "Nat caught wind of a huge score. Word on the street is that Hammer is trying to drive a huge weapons deal with some other mob. Her sources said that they're still working out the kinks of the deal, so the weapons are just sitting around in some storage facility."
Pepper where the hell were you?! You have a real problem not answering your phone when I need you to. You are going to be the death of me.”
But it never came. One day turned to two, to three, to weeks. His days had been filled with nothing but Tony, healing with him, smiling with him, laughing with him. Living with him.
The other brunette offered something almost resembling an agreeable smile. “But you’re not like him, are you?”
The other man grinned in response. “Hey there, Cap. Tony,” he nodded before greeting the kids the same way. Sam was dressed as he always was: a simple shirt and jacket combo complete with a pair of jeans. That, and of course, his custom made backpack that Tony had created to house his wings.
“How about I push some buttons and reveal your face to the world?” Tony asked, pulling out his phone.
Dear God, did the man look horrible. His face was tight and drawn, a white pallor fixed behind red rimmed eyes. His clothes were rumpled, covered in blood and God know what else.
All three men leaned forward, looking at a blurry Loki talking with a hooded figure in an alley. Clint squinted, his eyes failing to try and get a face from the shadowed figure. “Stark get a face from this guy?”
Loki's continued cries were met only with silence, the pleas slipping away into nothing as Pierce led Stane into his office. He gestured for Stane to sit, Pierce himself walking around to collapse into his desk chair.
Steve shook his head. “He didn’t say anything to me. Maybe he wanted to work on finding out who was attacking his warehouses? But Tony’s a multitasker. If he had another thing to take care of, he would just take that time away from sleep instead of skipping work.”
Looking around, Steve could only guess he was in some run down building, virtually indistinguishable in New York. It was completely empty except for the chair he was in, another chair across from him, and some barrel pushed off to the side. It was dimly lit, moonlight barely seeping in from the large windows along the far wall. Steve sighed, trying to stay relaxed. He was no stranger to playing prisoner, even if that meant getting beat around a little bit. His team could come. Tony would come, he knew it.
JARVIS had been scouting the locations for the past few days, collecting data from the cameras and online sources. Tony had to be smart about this. If the explosion taught him one thing, it was that HYDRA was a much bigger threat than he had anticipated. And, with the lack of muscle on his side, Tony had to try less than conventional routes to ensure a victory. Not that he was worried. Tony had won more with less. Besides, he got to do things his way now; there was no doubt in his mind that he could find the heart of HYDRA by the end of the week.
“I thought you were going shopping?” a voice came from the couch. His roommate, Bucky, laid sprawled out on the furniture, gray eyes flickering momentarily to Steve’s empty hands before they slid back towards the television. He was already in his uniform, donning even his jacket and shoes. No doubt the man was waiting until the very last second until he had to leave for his
“You’re right. Stark getting involved in all of this could be… troubling. The way he's running things right now has him helping us against HYDRA, but let’s be honest. I don’t see the man lying down on the wire for us any time soon. He needs to be the smartest guy in the room: find a way to help, but also have an escape route.”
It was too soon before Tony was pulling away, his eyes almost black. Steve almost whimpered, trying to pull the other man back in. Tony huffed out a small laugh, the warm air bouncing off his lips before he dragged Steve back into a surprisingly gentle peck. “Later,” he winked at Steve. “Don’t you have work to do right now, soldier?”
He hadn’t planned to start his workout so late; when he woke up this morning, Steve was in utter shock.
He didn’t know how deep HYDRA went, he didn’t know how long Fury would drag it out. He wasn’t even sure that if it ever ended, they’d be able to come back as if nothing had happened. He couldn’t even be sure if they would all survive.
“No,” Barnes interrupted. “Steve doesn’t know I’m here. How I even got out without him knowing is a miracle actually.”
“How was he?” Steve’s voice was harsh from disuse. Then again, it had been a long time since he’d stopped asking questions, just relying on his fists to do the talking.
Barnes just sent him an unimpressed look from where he was perched on the bar, taking a swig of the alcohol left out, straight from the bottle. “Easy, Princess,” he chided, once he’d pulled away from the lip of the bottle.
"What I did?" Loki sneered. "I hate to be the bearer of bad news, Stane, but Pierce is the one who bombed out your little operation down in the sewers."
He was correct that the lack of trust was detrimental to them all - they'd been so bust trying to stay on opposite sides, they didn't realize that they needed each other to keep the other from drowning. Turns out literally, Tony thought with another shudder.
Steve stared at the closed door as Thor walked up behind him to place a comforting hand on his shoulder. “I take it that was not supposed to have happened?”
“But those are risks we never took before!” Barnes shouted. “I know you agree with me; there is no way in
Thor, being as powerful as he was, had access to many locations across the entire city. It would take Clint weeks to check them all. And that was time that Clint didn’t have. But, having to deal with a delirious Steve drastically changed the options. Thor would have had no choice but to choose the closest location to get Steve somewhere safe.
He never thought he'd ever be in a position that he'd have to use Steve's own words against him - then again, he'd never seen Steve like this, and then again, he'd never seen
Steve needed to get his men out of there, regardless of the cost. Who says he needs a gun to do that? Leaning to the left, he snatched up the lid of an industrial barrel, holding it against his chest.
Also, what team are you on? I'm a heathen, and I'm on team #burntmallow. Golden brown marshmallows are good, but nothing can beat the crunch of a burnt marshmallow on a S'more.
Steve scoffed at his own thought. He could barely go a day without pissing Stark off; it's not like he was going to stick around after this mess with HYDRA was cleaned up. Steve watched as Bruce wound a tight bandage over the wound, the doctor, nodding at Steve.
“Still,” Steve continued, pulling Clint from his thoughts. “What if someone did catch you? Clint, they could have thrown you in jail! The FBI could have broken our arrangement with everyone and- ”
But that voice called to him. Mocked him, as it did over the computer just a few days prior. Steve walked up the stairs slowly, finally meeting the gaze of the man once called family, the mole of the SSR.
Sorry to throw you guys through some loops; just got to keep you on your toes and pretend that I'm a legit and fancy author.
Tony snorted. “So, last night in paradise,” he said. “You got any plans tonight? Want to play some checkers?”
“Listen,” Tony said, facing Barnes again. “I need a couple of hours, just enough time for me to schmooze for some extra cash for my company. I’ll be home before you know it.”
Almost on auto pilot, Tony reached down to help him up. The man looked positively horrible. Dark bags of restlessness lay on sickly skin, under weary eyes. Tony could feel the fingers that were latched on his shoulders trembling, shaking the layers of clothing that barely clung to Coulson’s emaciated body. And good Lord, was Coulson wearing a hoodie? Tony always assumed hell would freeze over before he saw the man in anything besides his uniform or a stiff suit. But it was close enough, seeing as the man wearing sad hoodie was supposed to be dead.
"Tony, my boy," Obie started, clapping a hand against his shoulder. "The board and I will handle this. You just do what you do best, and keep that brain running. Show people that we can still deliver in the middle of a crisis, okay?"
Steve’s vision dragged in and out of focus, black dots dancing in front of his eyes. He could feel himself take shuddering breaths, but couldn’t hear them over the ringing in his ears. He squeezed his eyes shut as tears started to form from the plumes of smoke around him.
But he knew Barnes didn’t see it that way, and he never would. All he saw was him walking away from his family, leaving him to the vultures of the United States government. And that was nothing he could forgive himself for.
“I’m sure it was such a hardship living in a mansion on the lakeside,” Steve snorted. “You’d think you would have been able to take better care of yourself,” he added without thinking twice.
“You’ll shove your fist so far up my ass that every time I open my mouth in front of a mirror, I’ll see you giving me the finger. Yea, I’m aware, sir. It won’t happen again.”
“Are you nuts?” Tony hissed. “What the fuck is wrong with you? How could you squeal on the family like that?”
Bucky clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Then trust that we wouldn’t change our minds either, Steve. It doesn’t matter how bad this is going to get for us. We’re not leaving. It’s time to get your head out of your ass, because you’re stuck with us. You might as well work with us.”
“I’m not saying that,” Steve sighed. “All I’m saying is that we both have to make sacrifices if we’re going to raise him.”
“That’s not the point Steve! I waved it through security. If I hadn’t done that, they would have scanned and found the bomb in there.”
Steve walked over the left, dumping Stark into an available chair. “Sit. Stay,” Steve snapped while pointing at the chair.
Please comment! Even though we are deep in the heart of this story, I'm still throwing in new names and new plots. If there are characters that I haven't mentioned or one you want to see more of, let me know! Most of my story follows crudely alongside the MCU, so if there are certain scenes that you want me to delve into, let me know! This is a very collaborative story. Know that I do read your comments and ideas and try to mix them in to the current backbone I've constructed. So let the ideas flow! I'm more than happy to hear your creativity/critique. (I'm always available on Tumblr as well if you wanna chat there!)
She spent years lecturing him – whether it was said with frustration after piecing him together after scraps in an alley, or comfortingly as his thin frame shivered under hospital sheets, fighting off the latest infection.
Tony working with HYDRA would explain the whole Hammer situation. Tony had no idea that HYDRA would know about The Captain showing up to raid Hammer’s warehouse. Unless The Captain thought that Tony would know. Unless The Captain thought that he was the one that told HYDRA.
Steve didn’t take waste a moment; he quickly flipped Rumlow over, fighting back harshly. He could see Rumlow reaching for his gun, but Steve never gave him the chance.
Unless it was a little above their pay grade. The Commandos might have weapons and secrets, but Tony still had more. And that was because of wealth. Money can go a long way in this type of business, and Tony was more than thriving.
Steve took off running. Hiding behind a car, he saw past Steve run into his apartment complex. Only to hear shots fired.
Steve couldn’t help but smile, thinking of Tony, forever loyal, defending his secret to the very end. “It’s alright, Tony,” Steve said, loud enough for Tony to pick him up over the other end of the call. “I need you to tell the rest of the team about the file drops.”
Iron in the blood. Tony called to it, changing it, poisoning the body. That’s how Obi died. That’s how Rogers will die.
“What’s wrong with me!” Tony yelled. “You’re planning on sending me off like some crazy to a mental hospital!”
That was Steve’s voice. Soft reassurances that were whispered in a darkened room as they clung to each other. Tony could still smell the soft, clean linen of Steve’s shirt. Could still faintly hear someone running down the hall, while someone else clanged around in the kitchen. Maybe Howard was right. Using his heart was a weakness, but it was worth it every time. They were worth it.
Tony hummed but continued to eye him warily. “Whatever,” the brunette replied. “You can’t keep me here, Cap.”
"It was one thing to shelter myself from the military news cycle, to never really see the destruction that I was creating. But to be there first hand, seeing my creations in the hands of civilians,
Phil shivered at the dark tone. That wasn’t Clint. That was Hawkeye, The Captain’s deadly eye in the sky. It always managed to surprise Phil that Clint could change like that, like a flip of a switch. Gone was the easy going farm boy, replaced with a deadly threat that stalked through alleyways. “First Calvary Church. Queens. Find Steve. Bring your boys home.”
Which was why Tony was currently running full speed back to the cemetery. Knowing The Captain, he’d unleash his full pack of blood hounds once he knew Barnes was alive; Tony knew he wouldn’t have much of a window to escape unnoticed.
Steve couldn’t help the shudder that ran through his body. Olivia put a hand on his shoulder. “Let me finish.”
“He’s right, Tony! We sat here like chickens with our heads cut off looking for you and none of us even thought to look down!” cried Steve. “How long did you sit there, just waiting for us?” Steve continued, looking down as tears finally slipped down his cheeks. “I promised I’d protect you,” he whispered, cupping Tony’s cheek. “And I couldn’t do it.”
People made a move to stand, but a hand from The Captain had them instantly back in their seats. “I’m not finished. As we get deeper into this, you have to understand that there will be a lot of dangerous times ahead of us. Now, I have had the pleasure of working many years with each and every one of you. Everyone here has earned my respect and friendship tenfold; you are the bravest and best people that I’ve ever known.” Tony slunk back in his chair, feeling embarrassed. Like he was walking in on an intimate family moment.
No, all he could focus on the job. And right now, his job was protecting the family that he could. He was too late for Bucky -
Bucky looked at him questionably, but after a quick glance at Steve’s office, the man deflated. “No. Absolutely not. You cannot be serious.”
There was a movie playing on the screen in front of him, muted, silent explosions playing out across the screen. Steve paid it no mind, however, much more intrigued with watching his fingers sink through silken locks of Tony’s hair, as the man lay sprawled across his lap, tapping idly on a tablet. The only sounds emanating being the faint taps o Tony’s fingers against the glass screen, the occasional sigh as Steve pressed harder into his scalp, and dull banging from the kitchen, where Bucky was in the middle of cooking dinner. Steve had no idea what he was making, but it smelled heavenly. With Bucky’s knack for ‘stress cooking’, Steve knew that he and Tony were in for a treat after what had happened today.
Steve burst out laughing, leaning down to press his head into Bucky’s side. The shaking from Steve’s shoulders seemed to rock the whole bed, the quaking increase as time went on. It was then when Bucky realized that Steve was crying, not laughing.
“Easy, Katniss. I only was in critical condition last month. But you’re right. Wait a second, what the hell am I doing?”
“When it’s safe for you all to return to New York, your deal will be renegotiated,” Sparky parroted, as he always did when Clint badgered him for an update. “And
"I don't know why," he continued, cutting Tony off. "It's not that I wasn't, because God, Tony. When you left, I couldn't...I was so horrible to you. And now this? Look at what I've done to you. This is all my fault. If I never sought you out in the first place, none of this would have happened. You would have been safe. I'm so sorry, Tony. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm- " Steve broke off with a quiet sob, pressing his face into Tony’s hair.
“Keep the focus on me,” Tony answered. “So far, they haven’t been interested in anything besides me and my weapons; we need to keep it that way. If they start wanting to poke around The Commando’s secrets... I know I’m not strong enough to hold it in forever. They’ll break me eventually.”
Bucky laid the photos out on the table. “Stark got these from CCTV footage from the city. Steve’s been meeting with Loki.”
Pierce had once heard that the SSR had managed to infiltrate the Pentagon. They were everywhere and nowhere, always ready.
Tony glared at him, mouth begging to scream at the man, plead, berate, anything. Ask him why he did this. Ask him how. He was family. He was
“It’s time for you to pull your weight. You promised me Stark wasn’t going to be a problem anymore, but yet he is.”
There was a possible lead. A man that may know information about another HYDRA base. Natasha could get through to him.
“The area’s still populated, and the last thing we need is the sound of bullets attracting unwanted police attention.”
Clint already started to show signs of worry – for good reason – and Steve couldn’t look away. Maybe he should have let Bucky tell him. Hell, even Tony. Give him a gun, and he could walk into any room, no matter the odds. He wasn’t scared of the violence, he secretly craved it. But this? He didn’t have the stomach for this; the ability to admit his failure.
He had spent days going over the entire scene in his head, torturing himself over and over agin to find something,
Tony snorted. “Figures. We take down worldly powers every month but leave it to the Average Joe’s to take us down.”
“No,” Steve argued. “The SSR never stored any of that information on computers. Computers can be hacked, paper can’t. If anyone ever caught wind of the paper trail, we could always just burn it down.”
Tony’s tongue ran over his digits, leaving no skin untouched. Steve watched in wonder, feeling himself grow impossibly harder.
Tony took another swig of his drink. “I think a lot of people out there would disagree with you, Barnes.”
Steve pulled Tony against his chest, pushing his nose into Tony’s dark locks. “I don’t know. We’ll find him,” he promised, kissing Tony’s head.
The four of them nodded, walking towards their respected jobs. “What about me?” Bucky asked. Steve bit his lip. It was still a struggle for Steve to let the man out of his sight each day, wanting nothing more than to lock him up to keep him safe. But their friendship had been so strained, with Steve fretting constantly over him, and Bucky fuming over Steve’s mother henning.
Clint jolted, body spasming in his bed. “Alright, you win,” be grumbled, blindly feeling around his nightstand for his hearing aids. He jammed them in and sent a dirty glare to his new dog. “What, do you need to go out?”
he thought to himself, imagining Steve pile deeper with each thrust. “More,” he gasped. “More, Steve, please, I need- ”
Dumping the van in the back alley, Bucky hoisted Clint over his shoulder, stumbling into the speakeasy. Adrenaline pulsed through his veins as he charged down the stairs, his ears still hearing nothing but echoes of gunfire and Clint’s screams.
give a shit, to what might happen to The Captain and The Howling Commandos. In the end, there was only one thing that mattered: getting himself out of this alive.
“Again?” Clint reached forward and snatched the photos, looking in disbelief at a very familiar blonde standing next to the Norwegian. “But we asked him about what happened with Loki; he said nothing was going to come of it!”
Clint snapped in response. “Why don’t you do something useful like find info that will help me catch the culprit before I start shooting everyone until I find him myself. Spoiler alert; I’m going to start with you.”
Steve shook his head, ignoring the smaller man to look around Natasha’s apartment. “Nice place,” he commented, but his eyes hardened on the sandwich sitting on the kitchen table.
Phil just shrugged. “Crispell showed up. I heard the door and assumed it was him, so I thought I’d hide. Figured you wouldn’t want him to catch me lounging in your bed.”
It was a slap to the face. When he was young, with the name Steve Rogers still fresh in his mind, Tony wasted countless hours haunted by the unknown. He pictured Steve alongside his dad in every way shape or form: working with him, laughing with him, being
Steve shot up like a rocket, his eyes wild as they darted over to the door, his grip tightening on Tony’s hand while he-
The Captain reached forward and grabbed the man by his shoulders. It seemed as if he was just as distressed as Tony about hearing the confirmation of HYDRA, if not more so. “Who the hell are you?”
That thought made his pause for a moment, looking down at his hands. Did he want this? Here he was, sitting with the people that had, last month, aimed loaded guns at him at the very same table. Was he ready to break bread with them?
He saw Steve slump in relief, grin growing on his face. “You do understand that’s kind of the point, right?”
He pushed another button to open the gangway, smoky air filtering into the cockpit. Steve grabbed his shield and took a deep breath.
Steve was almost startled at the wave of protectiveness that washed over him. Even though be only knew Tony a short time, Steve couldn’t help but be entranced by the man. He was a fireball of energy, and Steve had become attached like a bug to a lamp. The way he raved on and on about his projects, how his quick wit managed to throw Steve through a loop. Steve wouldn’t let anyone touch Tony.
Clint rolled his eyes, sliding forward to stand up, listening to his joints pop. “What can I say, Stark. I’m a classy broad; I expect to be wined and dined. You got a bathroom in this joint?”
Any control Steve had maintained was long gone, the blonde dancing between whispered curses and choked gasps as Tony brought his body up and down.
yes, it’s making me hot,” he snapped. “You guys are like a pair of industrial space heaters,” Tony continued. “And normally I love that! It’s like being wrapped up in a big, sexy, muscly burrito, but I just can’t anymore. I feel like I’m suffocating with all this heat. I just, I can’t sleep with you anymore. I can barely handle cuddling on the couch before I feel like I’m melting.”
Tony’s barb was cut off my Steve’s lips, the man licking back into his mouth. Tony hummed at the comforting familiarity. He jolted when he felt Steve grip his cock, stroking his thumb gently across the tip. Tony moaned, unable to help pushing into the touch, but stopped when the shift of his body caused a pain in his rear, a reminder of Steve’s large finger – fingers, now,
Tony shrugged, wiggling them slightly. They were healing slowly, but healing none the less. Tony still had to leave most of the delicate work to Yinsen, but it wouldn’t be long before the bones and stitches would be completely mended.
Tony sobbed, his body scalding and eager for release. But then Steve was pumping him again, once, twice, three times, and Tony was gone, semen arching up between the two of them. Tony felt like he was on fire, heart galloping and veins singing. Within that moment, everything disappeared, until all that was left was Steve. All he could feel was Steve. Tony fumbled blindly until Steve’s mouth was back on his, and he sighed in relief, intent to ride the high straight to oblivion.
Phil found himself standing frozen, mouth gaping open for the second time that night. The call wasn’t long, but Phil soaked up every detail; the man didn’t even have time to respond before the man had hung up the phone.
Steve was ready to ask again before Tony shook his head vehemently while pushing closer to Steve, as if burrowing further his chest. “No,” came the muffled reply. “I don’t want it.”
But Tony didn’t have that. Tony just had a voice on the phone telling him to stop asking. Steve tightened his hold on Tony, cradling him against his chest, listening to his steady heartbeat sync with his own. “Never again,” he whispered fiercely into Tony’s ear.
That’s why. Tony remember her boasting about her being a rising star; Tony had been more interested in the curve of her backside.
“I’m sorry, I must be missing something, still,” Steve interrupted. “You bought some buildings for some scones?”
Tony’s eyes softened immediately, a shy smile gracing his face. “Lucky for me, I guess,” he answered softly.
“Tony, there’s people waiting outside for me. If I get seen anywhere near you or The Captain, they’ll bring us all in.”
do in New York. First thing he did was stop at Riley’s sister’s place. He didn’t go in to visit – that door had shut long ago. He stood across the street, watching a tired mother check her mail while Riley’s nephew – at least four years old by now – ran circles around her in the lobby. Sam could hear him giggling, his golden hair shining under the building’s lights. Logically, he knew that there was a higher chance he took after his father, but Sam liked to imagine a smaller Riley in his place, running about his backyard, toy airplane in his hand.
Tony wanted to argue, but he didn't, just nodding himself. There were another answer as to who could have played the bomb-starter - one that seemed to have a knack for eplosions - but Tony kept it to himself. It wasn't as if Rhodey hadn't thought the same thing. But he was right, that was a problem for a different day. He was home, out of that hell-hole, and was
“I was never that subtle.” Sam ran a hand over the phone, feeling the weight of it in his hand. It was like being handed a glass of ice water in the desert.
When Steve said nothing, Rumlow continued. “I’d like to see you hit anything farther than fifteen yards away. Useless piece of crap, that is. Now this?” He pointed to his gun. “This is a work of art. It’s got range.” Rumlow started to twirl the gun between his fingers.
“What?” Pierce didn’t even bother turning around to face who was addressing him. His worker’s nervousness screamed bad news.
was engraved into the lower casing. When did she even have time to put this together? He had just seen her hours before. To get this done, she’d have had to march straight down to R&D for them to throw something together immediately. Knowing Pepper, that’s exactly what she did.
He looked down when he heard paper crinkle under his feet. There, under his heel, was a crumpled photo of Barton, laughing as he leaned into Coulson.
Steve could feel the heat rising in his cheeks as his brain caught up to how he looked at Tony’s feet. Steve huffed before yanking on Tony’s arm to help him stand up straight, trying to tower over Tony as much as possible. “Please,” Steve replied, eyes giving Tony the same treatment. “I think we both know who’d really be on their knees.”
Following the steps up carried into what used to be an old telegram office. The boys had torn the place apart, taking out everything expect the long sturdy table where the old machines used to sit. Mismatching chairs and stools were pulled around it, making the perfect meeting place for the whole crew. The back wall was nothing more than a makeshift kitchen, Bucky stealing from the main electric lines to keep an always crammed full refrigerator and small oven running. Walking all the way to the back of the room led to the small door for Steve’s office.
“There’s nothing back there. Beattie couldn’t have been here more than an hour. Once Delmar didn’t show up he probably got cold feet and ran.”
The door flung open, Raza stomping into the room. Yinsen stepped in front of Tony who was struggling to get up. “Leave him alone!” Yinsen cried. “You’ve asked too much of him already; his body needs time to recover.”
“Well, yeah, you know the benefit of having our own podcast is that we can make our own schedule. I mean, a bunch of popular ones have seasons and shit, and take time off for the holidays. And you know, we’re not exactly on the trending list, so if we wanted to take some time away from it, no one would mind.”
“You think I wouldn’t pay the price for you all either? This protection thing, well, it’s basically prison without bars, so why does it matter? Hell, prison might have better food. At least I’ll make some friends there,” he added with a smile.
“No,” Steve cut him off. “That is the only thing that is keeping me afloat right now, Rhodes. I will believe he is alive until I see otherwise.”
Steve watched as Bruce’s eyes turn an alarming shade of green. “You listen to me. This man right here is my friend. If he dies on this table, you’re going to have to deal with me.”
Tony couldn’t help the laugh that escaped him that time, hands resting against his abdomen. “Oh, that’s rich. What a stupid asshole, leaving his weapons just lying around. Do me a favor; don’t be afraid to get creative. Nothing paints a more beautiful picture that a well-timed explosion. And of course I’ll get the added pleasure of seeing a few priceless looks on his prick face. Honestly, it’s a win-win for everyone.”
I may or may not have added a new character in this chapter that I might revisit later on in this fic; I'm not too sure yet. Did you catch them?
A middle aged woman gaped at Clint. “What?!” Her head snapped towards the alleyway. “I don’t see anyone. Who?”
Iron Man huffed again before patting Steve’s cheek gently. “I have a previous engagement.” With that, Iron Man shot off form the ground and taking flight, the suit dipping gracefully through the skyline before disappearing completely.
Tony watched as the other brunette slipped away, the door closing gently behind him. Finally alone, Tony turned his attention back towards Steve. He was still very pale, almost fragile looking huddled in the blankets. Tony could almost see the faint resemblance of that small broken boy that he’d seen in the photos from The Captain’s old office. He looked young like this. Without his eyes open, there was no way to see the weariness and heartbreak he carries in his stormy orbs.
When Tony got a hold of his bearings, he heard a sickening creak. Looking up, he saw the support beams groaning under, the stress. Tony barely had time to gasp before he was crushed under falling rubble.
The agent shot him a dirty stare. “I’m investigating. I’m not sure if you’ve heard, but this is an active crime scene.”
Clint rolled his eyes but obliged, leaning the pair back towards his place, listening to the events of their road trip. He wasn’t surprised; he knew that any of them, least of all Steve, would not take well to elongated separation from the family. He yearned to be a part of it as well; to see Bucky wearing shorts, Sam putting together a homecooked country buffet, Natasha laughing with little ones as they danced across the room. But he knew why he couldn’t and hearing the stories secondhand was more than enough for now, filling him with joy and a slight pang of wistfulness, thinking of his family surviving the only way they could now.
Which of course, was the plan, before three SUV's came tearing out around the corner, screeching on their brakes in front of the Sharma shop. Steve immediately placed himself in front of Tony, throwing the first punch before the first assailant had finished opening the door.
Steve leaned back in his chair, biting his nail. HYDRA had the upper hand, and they definitely knew it. It was wearing on Steve’s nerves. He liked to be in control,
“Fury.” That single word stopped Tony in his tracks, his brain already whizzing back to a previous conversation that he had with Steve. “Listen,” Steve continued. “I can’t imagine what this is like for you, and if you tell me you want to go and kill him right now, I’ll drive you there, but just maybe…” he trailed off.
Bucky wasn’t exactly sure why. He could scream himself hoarse with all the reasons that he should just run. He didn’t know where he would go, but it didn’t matter. Each step out there was one step closer to finding the rest of his family. Any punishment the FBI could dole out would pale in comparison to the long days he spent in an empty house, wondering if everyone he loved was alive. He’d been so angry with Tony, with
“You know, for as often as we have this talk, it doesn’t seem to be getting any easier,” retorted Steve.
Tony couldn’t catch his breath. He could hear people shouting from inside the building but nothing comprehend. He looked into the flames again, eyes getting impossibly wider.
Fury sat down, and looked at Steve. “Why the hell are you wearing those old-timer clothes? You know we don’t have a dress code here.”
“No, not that, but we’ll come back to that later,” Bucky replied. “But I’m meant the whole thing. You were all over the place.”
Tony felt himself nodding, but didn’t warrant any other response. For the past half hour, the two men had been dancing around small and awkward conversations. Turns out, it had been so much easier when the two were just being hostile to each other. Now that they were working towards a common goal, there wasn’t a lot to say.
He hadn’t seen much of her after his announcement. He was trying to lay low at the speakeasy to remain out of the public eye, while Pepper was trying to put out fires at the office. In fact, the only time they’d gotten together was when Tony replaced his arc reactor earlier that day – and hadn’t that gone swimmingly.
It wasn’t until Steve was able to sweep his legs, causing Stark to collapse in the street, that Steve finally got a full look at him. Stark looked up at him with wide eyes, chest heaving. His suit was in disarray; rips had formed from tearing through obstacles, mud and blood splatters littered the fine cloth from their scuffle. The brunette locked eyes with Steve, his face hardening to give a stone-cold glare. “Well, go on.
Clint looked away, stinging tears starting to drip down his face again. “Stark,” he bit out before adding a wobbly, “
Clint scrambled out of bed and over to the window, swearing when he saw who was now standing in his driveway. Lucky whined again.
Loki’s eyes swiveled over to Tony, Steve stepping forward slightly, as if unconsciously trying to stop the threatening gaze. “Ah, Anthony. It’s been a while, hasn’t it? Now this,” he jeered, nodding towards Steve. “This I didn’t except. Since when did you join back up with this motley crew? Offer you something you didn’t have yet?” he drawled.
Pierce rolled his eyes, scoffing. “If you thought you were leaving that warehouse with all of your men intact, then you really are naïve. I’ll reimburse your loses; it’s not like these nobody’s are hard to replace,” Pierce drawled, eyeing Drumm, who was still trying to make himself disappear in the corner.
“The only thing we can do. Bruce and I will stay with Steve to see if we can get him talking. Everybody else, you need to start canvasing. Get in touch with your contacts and find us something useful. Got it?”
What the hell would The Commandos think when they come back to find their home destroyed, Tony and Barnes nowhere to be found?
But they didn’t. They won. The Captain saved the day, Clint got the girl - well, the man - and HYDRA was gone.
“Pentagon officials, mostly,” came the reply. “We’re thinking that HYDRA had a contingency plan. They put all the riskier targets at the beginning of the list. If there was ever a chance that Project Insight wasn’t completed, they’d still have gotten HYDRA’s biggest opponents out of the way,” she finished softly.
Steve returned to a silent apartment. He immediately walked over to his safe, quickly pulling the rug away. Opening the safe he found all of his silver in place, and no Bucky. On one of the bars was a splatter of blood.
thinking that he wouldn't be blindsided this time. And yet, HYDRA still managed to be three steps ahead. It was almost as if he'd learned nothing.
Tony stood up from the bar in a huff, walking over to the couches, flopping into the cushions. He could smell a faint whiff of Natasha’s perfume. Maybe he should call Pepper again, see how things were going. It shouldn’t be taking this long, right?
“You have one from Mr. Stane regarding a business deal,” JARVIS started. Tony rubbed at his temples. Back to work for only a few days and Obie was already breathing down his throat to get him to start dealing to the mobs in New York. If anything, he was more adamant to decline. The last thing he needed was to get involved with another mob. For all Tony knew, he’d probably end up working for another one of Howard’s prodigies.
Tony could see Steve biting his lip to keep from laughing. “Relax. He knows about me. So does Pepper. I had no choice, really," he continued. "It was either tell them my life story or Pepper would blow my brains out.”
“How is this possible,” Tony whispered, mostly to himself, eyes darting over Coulson’s form. “You’re alive?” Tony couldn’t help the shaking laughs that bubbled out of his chest. “
Sam jumped into action immediately, his wings slipping out into their full span as he flew into the air, catching the plate easily and landing with a tucked roll. The kids squealed in delight but Tony shot him an unimpressed look.
“I’m not gonna let that happen,” Steve shot back confidently. Just because Tony didn't want anything to do with them anymore didn't mean that they were going to cast him to the side. Steve was serious about the job he offered Tony - back when what seemed almost a lifetime ago. And after what he'd done for Bucky, Steve would always be indebted to him. The least he could do was ensure that he always had someone watching his six, even if from the shadows.
it meant. Steve couldn't help but slump in relief knowing both Clint, even Stark, would pull through. Bruce started to pack up his med kit, but Stark kept on talking, with no end in sight. Steve rolled his eyes, shoving pain killers in Stark’s face.
The man nodded his head. “Yeah. Not like it was hard; Stark left the information floating around for basically anyone to find it.”
Progress, to say the least, was almost nonexistent. Tony could only manage a few steps with Barnes before he’d have to lean against the wall, pain radiating all over his body. Tony had thought the sewage path was long before, but he knew he’d been across an entire country faster than the time it took from them to traverse the passage.
Bucky opened the front door and ushered the pair inside. He turned to see both Steve and Tony take in their surroundings, checking over his new house carefully. Bucky frowned at their silence.
Steve was just another soldier from WWII. He sat in the bloodiest trenches, fought through the dirtiest battles. He killed Nazis.
But that could wait. There were more pressing matters at hand. With Thor’s declaration last night, Clint had shut down yet again. Just as he was starting to make progress, the confirmation of Phil’s murder was not something that the archer needed to hear. The last Steve saw of him, he was retreating back up to the vents. Steve knew Natasha was still looking out for him, making sure he remained in the compound in case Clint got it in his head that he needed to go on a suicide mission to the precinct.
“Now?” Tony gasped as Steve jammed a thigh between his legs, Tony unable to stop himself from rutting against the hard plane.
Steve took off running, hearing Rumlow’s curses reverberate down the street. He stopped to take a look at the piece of map her ripped off. It wasn’t the whole thing, but Steve had managed to grab a part with an address on it. Steve knew that him future self would go to all three locations to find the Iron Man. All he needed to do was wait for him at this location, and kill him while he’s there. Then Fury would forgive him, and he can live the rest of his thirty years out in peace.
Steve watched as Tony’s fingers dug into the arms of his chair. Could he really let Tony do that? Stark Industries might have started with Howard, but it flourished because of Tony. The brunette barely talked that side of his life with Steve, but he knew that it was still an important part of him. It had always been a part of him. Just last week, Tony had been manic, whispering excitedly to Steve about the new avenues the company was going to explore now that they shut down their weapons division.
Steve charged forward grabbing Tony’s hips and spinning the other man around, pressing their lips firmly together. He swallowed Tony’s gasp, hands digging more firmly into his sides as he felt Tony slump against him, responding eagerly. Tony’s hands ran across Steve’s back, one trailing up to yank at the bottom of Steve’s hair and the blonde groaned, reaching down to hook his own hands under Tony’s legs, tossing him onto the kitchen island.
Hammer stared incredulously at Obadiah Stane. Of course, he was still in shock that the man had wanted to meet with him in the first place. Sure, they were all in cahoots with Pierce and HYDRA, but it was an enemy of my enemy kind of thing. Because technically, he and Stane were competitors; they both wanted Stark gone, but at the end of the day, they’re doing it for their own reasons, and one would eventually turn on the other. With Stark gone, Stane got control of SI, and Hammer had a chance to finally get out from the shadow cast by Stark’s brilliance.
Everyone was waiting for the inevitable really. The team had turned on every news channel, every radio station, to see if they could find anything out about Phil, if he was alive or not. But they found nothing; there was just nothing. Of course, Pierce was still running the show over there.  Steve knew that man would just try and brush everything under the table. As for now, the team was just waiting. Waiting for Clint to wake up. Waiting the screams to start again.
“Because that means the cockroaches that survived have nowhere else to hide,” answered Bucky. “They’ll have to come up for air if they want to avoid the cops. And I’ll be there, graciously waiting.”
After the ‘events’ of Afghanistan, Tony had gotten in contact with Nick Fury. He had always talked about the Avenger Initiative, but Tony never thought that it would ever solidify. Now he was housing the entire team.
Everyone scrambled to get weapons and heck the base for any infiltration, but Steve paid them no mind. Inside, his head was shouting at him,
“I could ask the same for you,” responded Steve, leaning down to search for the lost pencil. Steve heard Tony snort as his movements kicked his pencil farther under the desk and out of sight. Steve shot Tony a final glare over the desk before sinking down to the ground for more reach.
Instead of trailing off with the rest of his crew, Steve said behind, gun trained on the main door that led down from the restaurant. There was no way in hell he’d let anyone through that door to his family. There was no way he would fail again. If HYDRA wanted in, they were going to get a hell of a fight. He felt his heart beat slow, the predator emerging to protect what little family he had left. He could barely hear his crew shouting ‘
“How many times do I have to tell you, call me Susan. Now, don’t worry about bringing anything, just yourself is more than enough,” she leered, before patting his backside, getting
“My men waited until he left. I took precautions; I’m not an idiot,” Pierce hissed. “Besides, it's better this way. The best way to get to The Captain is through his crew.”
Steve rubbed his hand over his face, exhaling loudly. They’d come so far; there was too much at stake now. It was so much easier when they were on their own sides, when they were on their own. The jumbled mess that they made together kept Steve’s brain spinning, even getting him to question his own allegiances.
“Wait,” he added, stopping Clint in his tracks. “We need to kill him, and I have an idea how. I need you to put on the gauntlet and shoot it at mine.”
Bucky looked over to see paramedics swarming the downed man. Logically, Bucky knew that if Coulson had survived that gun spray that he was in the best hands possible, but that didn’t make his choice any easier. Coulson was basically part of the crew; he couldn’t just leave a man behind.
The war in the Middle East started to make a lot more sense than whatever battle he was fighting here.
"Great,” Sam frowned. “Knowing out luck, we’ll be shipped to buttfuck nowhere North Dakota. I don’t do the cold weather man.”
Sheet metal doesn’t stop bullets, Cap! You are either the dumbest motherfucker around, or you’re just plain crazy.”
He didn't need more time. It was time to spread his wings, as the phoenix that had clawed his way out of the ashes, out of the sewers. Let them look. Let them see him, truly see him for who he is. He will not cower, not bend, nor break. He will stand before them today not as a broken man, but as one reborn. Obie was right. They will be talking about this for months.
Even with the meal in his mouth, Clint could still hear the rumble of Tony throat trying to form words. He felt a small smile tug at the corner of his lip, watching at Tony’s increasing frustration at the speed of his chewing – turns out even his own body couldn’t keep up with that mouth. “I’m just saying,” Tony continued, as he washed down the rest of the burger with his drink, “everyone needs closure. And if your version of closure is flying thousands of miles to murder a foreigner with a weapon from the Paleolithic Era, I’m game.”
“Speak for yourself,” Bucky said next to him, dropping an unconscious agent to the ground. “I think we’re almost done here.”
“We’re stronger together, you know that, right? I’ll keep you safe, you keep me safe. Square deal?” he heard Tony say on the other side of the door.
He opened the door and stepped aside, relishing in the squawk that Tony let out, scrambling to get behind Steve as Lucky came bounding out of the door. Steve, of course, melted on the spot immediately, bending over to pet the excited dog. “Look at you!” he crooned, scratching his fingers through Lucky’s dirtied fur. He really should give him a bath; the dog had a knack for ending up in the mud as much as Clint did. “Aren’t you just the sweetest thing!”
in the Iron Man suit, was holding up the other half of the debris by himself, muscles straining in his under suit.
Tony looked at the fierce smile that Steve was giving Rhodey, then back over to his friend that seemed hell bent on inspecting the weapon. “I’m sorry,” Tony blurted, eyes continuously snapping between the two. “How do you know each other?”
Seeing a street light in the distance, Tony walked to the exit, away from Barnes, away from his problems. Tony shivered as he walked; the adrenaline gone from his body and the harsh temperature freezing Tony’s sore bones.
Hill nodded slightly. “When I last checked in with you, you had three seconds to switch out the cartridges.”
“Tony? Tony, you in here?” Steve walked into the large lab of Avengers headquarters, carefully pushing a stroller full of a dozing Peter.
“Just the two of us?” Steve pushed, frown echoing Bucky’s. What was Tony trying to say? It wouldn’t be the first time that Tony has gone overboard with a gift – and it most certainly won’t be the last – but “
Olivia stood up. “Keep the photo. And remember. The saddest of stories have the best of endings.” She squeezed Steve’s shoulder before walking away.
Tony’s head snapped up, hitting it on the lamp on his desk. “Shit,” he mumbled, rubbing at the already forming bump on his head. He gazed up at Pepper, her red hair pinned back perfectly, as usual. She had her bag in her hand, like she was ready to leave-
He knew that voice. He could hear Bucky hiss out a protest, but Steve charged in. He didn’t see anyone, nor was he immediately shot. Of course, his vision was limited, the entirety of the SSR files stacked in neat rows on the main floor. There was a slight movement that caught his eye, a figure looming on the open balcony, above them.
“Of course,” Fury agreed. “More than that, I need those files out of HYDRA’s hands for good. You’re the only one who has seen all of them. I have a lead on where Pierce would keep the physical files. I need you there to make sure they’re all accounted for.”
The weapon was pointing at the door before Tony could protest, Steve’s chest heaving as he looked for a potential threat.
“Are you kidding me? One Stark weapon is worth more than a whole warehouse of Hammer’s shit. He hears that I ‘forgot’ about some boxes, he’ll be racing to snatch them up. That man would probably sell his soul to get five minutes alone to tinker with my guns. We’ll use their own plan against them. Hammer will send some people to pick it up, and- ”
“Three months ago, you were dying of a disease that shouldn’t have gotten to this fucking century, of course I had JARVIS keep an eye on you. I
Behind the trees, Steve held his breath. After seeing the figure walk away he relaxed, head swimming. He tried to get his bearings, but to no avail. His body needed more serum; it craved it. But Steve had no more serum on him.
“I’m gonna stop you right there, Cap,” replied Tony, finally looking over at Steve. “Because it’s never just dinner with you. After dinner, you’re going to say, ‘
Steve would like to think that Bucky would just take off through the second story exit with Clint and flee, but he already knew that wasn’t going to be the case. Those two would be flying back down the stair any minute now, regardless of Clint’s injury, to help their boss out. They were loyal like that. They were stupid like that.
Steve had nothing. He was on his last clip, their cover was being blown to smithereens, and there was no possible way to get the any of the exits without getting a few rounds pumped into them.
He heard voices, but he was unable to make out what they were saying. Someone was touching him, hands gently dragging over his chest. Bucky wanted to squirm away, say fuck off, anything, but he couldn’t.
“I missed a lot of things about you, Rogers, but your complaining was definitely not one of them,” she said, pushing the rest of her sandwich back his way. He took the hint and sat back down and began picking idly at the crust. “Why did he do it?” she asked. “Fury. Why did he let you go to Tony?”
Steve reached out and grabbed Tony’s hand, placing a small kiss onto his knuckles. “Come on, that campsite isn’t going to search itself.”
Although there was no one in it now, Steve could already see the signs of his crew moving in. There were already extra combat boots thrown in the corner by the door, a few scattered guns on the table left to be cleaned, snacks littering the bar. Steve couldn’t help but smile. Although it may have looked like just another mess to someone, Steve knew the true meaning. When they were on the run, his crew always kept their bags packed, ready to move at the drop of a hat. But here, it was the exact opposite. Because they knew it wasn’t temporary. Because they knew they were home. “Thank you,” he responded, sincerity dripping in his tone.
“You can personally send me to prison if you don’t find my findings satisfactory,” Tony hissed. “We’re not lying.”
Steve rubbed the back of his neck, face flushing in embarrassment. "We had a breakthrough. We don't think it's HYDRA going after the warehouses. We think it's a bunch of smaller mobs doing the targeting."
“He’s in shock, Clint. You can’t expect him to bounce back from everything,” said Bruce, walking out of the room they were keeping Steve. Bruce didn't shut the door completely, leaving it cracked open. It was a habit they'd gotten into, setting the door open just enough for them to catch a glimpse of Steve as they walked by his office. Just to make sure he really didn't do anything stupid.
Tony sighed, eyes sweeping the room idly, trying not to think of the ropes rubbing along his wrists.
Bucky was floating. Or maybe he was drowning. In the end, he didn’t really care. Anything to get him far away from the flames.
he reminded himself, clapping Steve’s shoulder and squeezing it tightly. “Thanks, Cap,” he answered quietly.
He stuck around in D.C., working for the new foundation – it was the least he could do for his best friend, the man for whom he owed his life.
“The deal I made with him. I would supply any information proving Pierce’s guilt and involvement with HYDRA, and in return, I would be absolved of the requirement to testify to any and all of The Commandos whereabouts and crimes, both past and present. The times that I did have to include them to use as evidence against Pierce, well, don’t worry about it. I got you all immunity. They can’t touch you.”
Tony was already out of the bed, clawing on a shirt, Steve chucking him his pants. “How am I gonna get rid of him? If he knows where this place is, he’ll want to come in.”
Almost. Tony could see the stubborn locks of hair that refused to fall in line, a result of his incessant tugging. He could still see a faint flush on chiseled cheeks, matching Steve’s kiss-ridden lips. He looked so startlingly young in that moment, but no less handsome. But in a flash, it was gone, the veil dropping back into place as Steve slipped his jacket on. Gone were the bright eyes and boyish grins. Only The Captain remained now.
Barnes laughed before pressing down farther on the gas pedal. “Turn off here. He should be straight ahead!”
The man nodded, tucking the phone away before tugging out a badge, handing it over to Steve. Steve took it gingerly, looking down at the ID, the FBI badge shining underneath. “Special Agent Fury,” the man repeated, gesturing at the license, where the same name was typed neatly on the laminated card.
But Stark didn't answer. He looked past Steve and right at Bucky, who was leaning against the door. "Nope. No info until you call your guard dog off."
“Tony,” Steve murmured, pulling the man off to the side. “You don’t have to do this. We’re working together now; I’m not going to lose that chance again. I trust you, which means I trust your people. Yinsen can know my name.”
Steve blinked, looking up to find a very worried Tony Stark looking back down at him. “Oh thank god.” Tony reached down and pulled Steve up against him.
“Load the cars,” he said to Clint, watching over the final preparations for leaving. The plan was fairly simple; it basically had Tony written all over it. But, for once, Steve found himself in complete compliance.
Clint saw red, immediately charging his friend. He wasn't sure what his plan was, maybe his anger just needed some for of an outlet. They'd spared plenty of times in the past; maybe Natasha would let him blow off the steam and frustration that was consuming him. How he ended up crying into her arms, he’d never know. They were on the ground, Natasha’s arms wrapping around his shaking figure, drawing him into a comforting embrace. Gentle fingers pushed through his dirty hair as Natasha shushed him softly. “
"I'm sure you're aware, Captain, that a bounty has been put on Mr. Stark. But not for his weapons, not this time. It was because of you, Captain. You see, new word on the street says that you're not enemies, but the closest of friends. Now, I'm going to ask you again. What is your name?"
“We should move now,” Steve added. “The Red Skull is out there; we should automatically assume that he knows I survived, which means it probably won’t take long before he strikes again.”
“Okay, okay,” Pepper relented, hand heading back to his chest. Tony breathed out a sigh, leaning back in the chair, trying to get comfortable. In the background he could here Barnes arguing with Wilson.
Tony’s mouth filled with blood as he bit his lip, unwillingly picturing a defeated Steve behind bars, just out of reach.
“Two groups,” Fury answered gruffly. “One to arrest Pierce, and one to secure the files. I’ll take some of my men to handle Pierce, but we’ll need you and your people to make sure all the files are accounted for.”
Tony, in mature retaliation, threw the empty mug at his head, the cup shattering against the wall as Barnes dipped back out of view, the other brunette cackling as he did.
“Alright then,” The Captain said with a nod, walking back towards the office door. “Time to call a family meeting.”
But it was gone now, almost as if it was never there to begin with. But he knew it was still in there. Somewhere, hiding behind the current warm glow. The cold had claimed him. Who knows how much of himself he’d gotten back. Who knows how long it’ll be before the cold comes to take him back again. He couldn’t go back. He couldn’t. The frozen depths the hell he never knew existed; the calm, dark waters an endless pit of despair, as the silence drove him insane. He jolted, trying to latch on to the warmth, the comfort, praying,
Steve smiled, looking back down at Tony’s pale face. “He’d find a reason to yell at me anyway,” Steve responded fondly.
Which is where he was now. He needed to find his future self. If he found him, Steve still had time to kill him, and he could get out of this whole mess. Fury would forgive him.
“Don’t try and defend yourself,” retorted The Captain, his grip tightening on his gun. Tony's eyes were glued to the finger resting on the trigger; one wrong word and its all over.
“Are you suggesting that you’ll do something illegal?” Fury responded, his eyebrow arching in challenge.
Steve huffed out a laugh. She knew Tony too well. “He did start off withdrawn, Ms. Potts, but even he didn't want to take any chances with HYDRA. Not after what they were capable of when he wasn't invested. He’s been a real asset in hunting them down; Tony’s provided endless data, weapons, not to mention the speakeasy- ”
flashed on the scrolling ribbon beneath the newscaster, as he rambled on about the bodies found. He had sprinted all the way down to the precinct, a fool's errand, praying that the program had been wrong.
“How exactly are we gonna deal with this?” Sam piped up. “Because, Steve. The Chief of the NYPD? I know we’ve taken on a lot of challenges before, but this….we’re in over our heads.”
When he opened his eyes back up, Steve found himself faced with his younger self. Blond hair tussled in the light breeze, blue eyes wide and doughy. He stared back at him, mouth slightly agape. When he saw him go for his shield, Steve flipped around, letting the shield hit the gold still strapped to his back. He recovered quickly, and when he saw himself reach for the shield, Steve knocked him out.
“Just, relax for a second, and let us explain.” When Bucky didn’t answer, Tony continued. “Steve isn’t scot free, he’s supposed to still be on lockdown, just like you. Why Fury decided he could stay with me is anyone’s guess. But this plan on coming to find you was already in the works before Steve showed up. He’s only here because I knew he would tie himself to my front bumper if I tried to leave him at home.”
Steve stared down at the man, his body radiating pure fury. Without a single word, he stuck his hand out towards Thor, one that was quickly filled with the hammer. Not waiting for the man to try and bargain again, Steve swung the hammer around, hitting him square in his right shin. The man howled, the force from his shout almost tipping his chair over. “Huh,” said Steve, looking down at the hammer.
“Yes, you do,” Barnes said with a roll of his eyes. “You just want to do what you always do and avoid talking about it. The Commandos are falling apart; people have already made off for the hill already! Steve’s got the whole place on lockdown and won’t let anyone out of his site. I had to have Barton squeeze me through air vents to get out. We’ve got no leads, no info, nothing. We’re all just sitting around waiting to die at this point!”
The blonde was frustratingly patient, even when Tony saw him screw his own eyes shut, sweat starting to bead on his red forehead. Even like this, he was still stunning. Tony could see him shaking, the teasing pleasure driving his insane. But yet, he forced himself to hold back, letting Tony chase his own enjoyment first. It wasn’t enough.
Pepper crouched down in front of him. “I’ll bring him back in the morning, I promise. Please, Steve. Let me help you.”
Barnes put down his glass and turned to face Tony. “I’m here offering an olive branch, Stark. I know you’re a proud man; hell, you might be just as stubborn as Steve. But I know you’re smart, and you and I both know that we’re not going to get anywhere divided like this. I’m here because I’m returning a favor to the man who saved my life. Because you can talk game all day, but I think you know that you need us too. It’s my turn to help you now.”
Steve froze, his blood curdling in his veins. “I knew it,” Steve said, mostly to himself. I knew it, even though JARVIS told me- ”
Across the street, Tony eyed a general store. He was working his day job, so he hadn't brought his own gun to defend himself - which given the threat of HYDRA out there (and now apparently The Captain), it probably wasn't the smartest move. But hey, Tony was a law abiding citizen; or at least trying to convince people that he was. That meant that he would have to get creative if he wanted to escape. The convenience store would be his ticket out of there. Tony took a deep breath before shooting out across the street, sprinting to make it in the shop before he was gunned down by The Captain’s eye in the sky. He burst inside, barely giving him time to relish in the fact that he hadn't been shot again before quickly ducking down a side aisle, looking for ideas.
Pepper’s legs buckled, the assistant falling down into her chair. How she still managed to do so gracefully after the load that had just been laid on her was incredible. Steve could see her face crumbling, no doubt the same look on his face at some point this week.
Clint was looking at him with wide eyes, but dutifully broke his gaze to look at the paper in front of him. “Uh, well,” he started. “I’m not sure we ever finished last weeks question.”
“I don’t know,” Clint shrugged, stretching languidly across the couch he was on. “It’s nice here. I think I like the whole billion dollar business thing you’ve got going on here.”
Just some adjustments here, some info there. I never sell full sets of Stark weapons to these people. I mean, they’re
Phil shrugged. “I understand that you’re upset and you’re worried. I just think it’s very interesting that you can claim that what he did was foolish and put the family at risk, when you’re here doing the exact same.”
“I’m better this way,” Tony said with a small shrug. “I know the suit is shiny to look at and it has cool toys, but now I can be like you guys.”
The only solace he got was through Tony. Bucky knew at least he was alive. It was the only time that he’d found himself ecstatic that Stark was a public figure. With the scandal surrounding Stane, there was no way the FBI could keep Tony Stark out of the limelight. He’d appeared in a few press conferences right after everything happened. Some bullshit about how he would be taking some time for the company, working alongside the government to clean up the mess that Stane started.
Sparky crossed his arms. “Because I’d like to hear what you have to say for yourself. Why did you get into it with that customer a few days ago?”
“I need it out of the way,” Tony clarified. “I want you to reach down and gently lift the wire out.”
“I don’t think he’s ever been,” Natasha said. “I just know he just likes the idea of it, and that’s enough for him.”
Pepper sighed softly. “I’m saying, that an email like that only could have been made if the hacker was already through the firewalls. It could only have been made if they worked here.”
“Need some help there, Cap?” Tony teased lightly. Steve dutifully ignored him, cursing inwardly as he knocked his head against the inside of his desk. Maybe he was more tired than he thought.
Tony’s eyes fluttered, muttering a few unintelligible words. He shifted slightly against the pillows, wincing slightly as he jarred his middle. “But-but I was dreaming,” Tony whispered. “I didn’t…I don’t understand.”
Tony usually got away with tinkering in his lab at home, but Pepper wasn’t having it right now. Thus leading to the argument last night.
He looked across to Stark, who was typing furiously on his phone. Even after these weeks of working together, Steve was nowhere closer to understanding the enigma that was Tony Stark. It seemed that, besides his initial hesitation, Stark was fully invested now. He always seemed to be working, exhausting his resources to get a lead on HYDRA. Steve could see the faint dark rings that lay under the brunette’s eyes, the chestnut orbs going a little dull themselves. Each passing day, Stark seemed to look more and more grim. Not that Steve could blame him; he didn’t doubt he looked exactly the same.
It was hard, seeing Steve that way. So on the edge, so ready to jump in front of a bullet, just waiting for someone to load the gun. He really had been ready to die that day. That part of Steve was so lost and dark, and even now it still managed to come back and haunt Bucky. He shuddered, remembering Steve’s outline on the ice, before shots rang out and the river swallowed him whole.
Bucky elbowed Clint in the side when he felt him shift next to him again. “Will you quit squirming?”
Not long after their talk with Laura, Steve and Tony made the decision to go back to the forest where everything happened. It was there best lead at finding Clint. Steve had called Natasha as well, sending her to Clint’s usual hideouts just in case.
“So what, we’re just going to come away as friends, now?” Pierce scoffed. If the past few months had taught him anything was that his gamble in using the foreigner's services had caused him nothing but problems. He'd ended up with a false address for one of the SSR's precious file drops, and his one connection to The Commandos - who was working in his own damn office - was now dead.
Steve was an enigma; Tony couldn’t get a handle on him. Steve just sat there listening to Tony ramble on and on, all with a small smile on his face; like he had wanted to be nowhere except for where he was. And of course, Steve had regaled Tony with stories of growing up a sickly kid. How he would run around the alleys taking on guys three times his size; Tony found it absolutely endearing.
Steve grabbed her hand, and pushed them away. “I’m gonna give you some money. I’ve been stashing my silver, I’ll give you half. You and your brother Clint can get out of here.”
Stark held his hands up in surrender, but Steve had seen the side-eye he was giving. “I didn’t say anything.”
“Because he knows how much we don’t trust the guy,” answered Bucky. “Because he’s actually considering something Loki has to offer.”
Tony thought to himself. He was already on edge, his body coiled tense as a coil, charge reverberating through his body, the current looking for an outlet to expel the energy. He had been brought into the station plenty times before, sure. He was never worried though; it wasn't like they could pin him with anything. Any evidence of his less-than legal hobbies that could ever be considered incriminating were constantly screened and destroyed by his eye in the cyber sky, JARVIS. But being here, right in the wake of everything that was happening with HYDRA? It couldn't be a coincidence.
"You don't understand, I need to see Mr. Stark! Get out of my way!" Tony stumbled immediately, tearing off in a run.
Tony pulled at Steve’s sweater, the other man getting with the program to pull it over his head. Tony duked his head immediately, pressing his ear against warm,
Pepper frowned at his smile, the same hand that had dug just into skin now coming up to gently cradle his neck. “What’s wrong?”
Sam nodded. “He was just where you said he’d be. Bastard couldn’t resist not going after the SSR’s secrets. And don't worry,” he added, looking to Steve. "He didn't get a single thing."
“Buck? Hey, look at me; you’re safe now. It’s alright now,” Steve’s soothing tone whispered against his ears, his friend’s arms squeezing his shoulders.
Which, with a little digging from Romanoff, led to the Ten Rings. Maybe the Ten Rings were acting as the fist of HYDRA - Loki had let it slip that The Monger had been working with HYDRA, so it would make sense that the manpower of The Ten Rings be utilized. It would definitely explain the recent attacks on his business.
Tony leaned back towards Steve, patting the cold cheek gently. “Steve? Come on, Steve, up and at ‘em.” When the blonde refused to answer, Tony got more frantic. He pressed his body against the sleeping man, praying that his body heat was enough to keep Steve breathing.
Alexander Pierce drummed his fingers impatiently on his desk as he watched Obadiah Stane waltz into his office.
“What?” Tony asked. He was too focused on the overwhelming silence in the speakeasy. No chatter, no laughter. There was no TV playing, no grumbled arguments as darts hit the board, no clinking glasses or weapons being cleaned. Logically, Tony knew that this was for show, and that the crew was still somewhere within the building, but being presented with the very thought of being alone without them was enough for a sharp pain to thrum through his chest.
“Tony,” Steve said quietly. He couldn’t recognize his own voice. Tony said nothing. “We need to talk,” Steve continued.
Steve didn't move, as did the rest of his crew. "Gesture means nothing to me when I know all the trouble you can cause without a weapon."
“Baby, you know why we can’t do that,” Tony replied, starting the car, his heart throbbing in his chest. Pietro was always more withdrawn, never quite fitting into status quo. Tony could relate, of course, what with his advanced brain and snarky attitude that had landed him in a few too many fist fights. Being a parent now, Tony wanted the exact opposite for his son. But he wasn’t normal; none of them were. Even if the other kids didn’t know about his ability, his silver hair and shocking blue eyes turned heads wherever he went.
This time it was Tony who snorted. “That was Howard, for you.” He turned to look at the other man. “You remembered that?”
Sam walked towards him slowly, hands up in the air. “Cap, you’re not in the right mind. Give me the gun.”
thought Clint. Bucky was never a fan of Stark; even when the other man had started to warm up to the rest of the crew, him and Bucky were always at each other’s throats. It was like watching Animal Planet, with the two of them constantly trying to prove their dominance to Steve.  But Clint could understand how Bucky could go through a minor reevaluation after his apparent enemy drags him from a burning building and becomes the main reason he’s still living.
Tony swallowed around the lump forming in his throat, ignoring the pain throbbing just behind the arch reactor, opting to continue with his daily routine.
Clint shook his head, resting his arms on the back of a chair. “I followed half-assed leads for week. I could probably find more information about you than these people. Someone went through a lot of trouble to make sure it looked like they never existed. And now that HYDRA’s involved? It can’t be good. I mean, they
Steve watched Tony from down the hallway, the engineer babbling quickly on the phone. The hand not attached to his cell was gesturing wildly, coupling well with the bright animations flashing across Tony’s face.
Steve could feel the heat of some of The Commando’s gaze on him from across the room. This is not how he pictured this conversation going. “Look, even Bruce gets to go!” Tony shouted, gesturing to where the doctor was packing up his things.
“No,” Steve interrupted. “Natasha brought these men here. Someone could have seen. We’re not safe anymore. After I finish with Loki today I want us gone.”
He never found his answer. And when he was finally released, Sam found himself straying from his usual path, taking one that he hadn’t thought about in years. He wasn’t sure what he would do in New York, what he
Steve let his head fall forward onto Bucky’s shoulder. Even when he had nothing, he still had Bucky. “Thank you, Buck. Really.”
Steve stood for a moment in the silence, feeling nothing but unease. It was never quiet here. Tony was always mumbling to JARVIS or yelling at one of his bots. Coffee was always brewing and hard rock was always booming against the walls. If Steve didn’t already know where he was, he would have been totally convinced that he was in the wrong tower.
“Listen up fucker! I have shot and buried three trespassers in the past year! So I don’t care what hobo sob story you’ve got. I get a dozen a week, pal. It cuts no cash for me. But if you show your face here again, I will cut you the fuck in half!”
he thought to himself. Getting out alive was a pipe dream now - at least he'd be bringing The Rings to hell with him.
“Stay safe,” Clint whispered in return, staying on the phone until he heard Phil hang up. He thumped his head against the wall, letting the New York chill breeze over him.
He walked inside, and saw the younger version of himself sitting at his usual booth. Looking down, he could see blood covered gauze covering his arm.
Steve didn’t want to play her game today. He looked up at her, staring into her eyes. Like kaleidoscopes. Mesmerizing.
He was moving so quickly, so caught up in the battle, trying to beat a record set by Thor, that he didn’t hear the Captain’s orders.
Tony gave a small nod. “Umm, well help yourself, I guess.” Tony gestured around him. “You can use whatever, set up wherever.”
Tony scoffed, wiping his eyes. “It turns out that going on national television and shutting down my weapons division doesn’t mean shit if my CFO is still selling under the table.”
Steve was definitely surprised when Tony had kissed him. But Steve was stupid if he said he didn’t feel the pull of physical attraction, the tension that was in the air whenever they were together.
Bucky was moving before he could think twice, gathering his friend in his arms. He felt Steve wrap just as tight around him, a familiar heat engulfing him.
Memories of the burning sun disappearing behind shell casings and burning debris filled his mind. “Don’t.” His voice was hoarse.
Tony walked down the stairs slowly, heart in his throat as he tried to spin a possible explanation in his head.
Tony was very adamant about his position on Asgard, one that he lectured on immensely. Hell, even Thor knew what he thought of them. Tony shuddered at the memory, how years ago him and Thor almost brought both of their companies toppling down to the ground.
“The answer’s no, buddy. If you think for one second that I’m sticking my neck out for what seems to be your own problem, then you’ve got another thing coming.”
“Umm, your bedroom is through there, and the bathroom is connected too it as well. Like I said if you hate everything, I won’t take it personally. Pepper always says that my sense of is not everyone’s cup of tea,” said Tony, rubbing a hand on the back of his neck.
he added, cutting off Clint’s scathing remark. “You will continue to follow the rules set up for your current agreement or face the consequences. Need I remind you that the rest of your crew will have to pay the price as well; every time you bend the rules, you’re making a decision for the rest of them.”
“What’d she say?” Bucky asked, unable to keep his curiosity at bay. Stark sighed, walking down the final steps to the landing, heading straight over to the bar. “Wilson was right,” he shrugged, rubbing at the back of his neck. “Steve wants them to check the rest of the stock piles.”
But that didn’t stop the nagging in the back of Bucky’s head. Probably the same nagging that had Tony making call after call to Steve. The file drops, they were everything to Steve. It was all he had left of the SSR, and it was something that Bucky had thought he would never give up. Steve defended those files more than a dragon would protect the last of his own gold hoarde.
He ran back into the house, grabbing his gauntlet. “Who’s there?” Tony shouted into the night. He saw someone start to come out of the shadows. He readied his repulsor. “Stop right there, I will shoot you!”
It wasn't as if he didn't agree with it, it was just surprising. Clint had had inclinations that Steve swung for both teams, but he'd never brought it up with the other man. When he first started with The Commandos, Clint had just assumed that he wasn't
Pepper looked down at his chest again, then down at her hands. “Oh, no,” she said shortly. “Absolutely not, no way, Tony. You can’t ask me to do this.”
“I’m not gonna give her up. I’m gonna save her.” With that Rogers leaned over, and smacked Steve’s head on the counter. “You called them here, didn’t you?!” Looking outside, Rogers could see some SHIELD agents head towards the diner. Rogers pulled Steve up, throwing him to the floor. In the tussle, Steve managed to rip part of the map from Rogers. Rogers kicked at him again while firing at the SHIELD agents entering the diner. “Hop a train, get out of here! I need you alive!”
Tony hummed in response, but didn’t offer any other instruction, intent on burying his head into Steve’s neck. Steve didn’t push while he started to trek around the house, idly poking through the lavishly decorated rooms to find one with a bed. He walked up the stairs, murmuring quietly to Tony as he did, but Tony never responded. All he could do was focus on the steady heartbeat echoing through the chest he was leaning on.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Don’t be an ass. I just take walks, Steve. I’ve got to come to terms with my disability.”
“I do feel that The Captain holds your safety as his top priority, Sir. It’s about time someone did.”
Tony watched him and his lifeline go, leaving him to suffer in silence. Was this really it? He’d pictured himself dying alone, lying in a pile of sweat many times, but usually it was with more hookers and booze. It didn’t seem to bother him before, but now? People depended on him, his family did.
Steve hopped up from the ground, looking at the criminals facing him with their weapons and cases full of stolen money.
“Because that means you’ll have to come back here and get it after you use the bathroom. Because you can’t leave without it.”
he wanted to yell at his hardened employer. “In Manhattan? What the hell was he doing here?” Pierce looked back at the other man. “Surely he couldn’t have caught wind of our plans.”
Clint rolled his eyes, jumping up from the chair. “Oh that’s rich. I already know that I’m the weakest link on the team. If I had told you guys about this, you wouldn’t hesitate to send me packing. You don’t have to lie to me.”
Clint lifted up his head to glare at her. “Out of shape?! My body is a fine tuned machine, thank you very much.”
Tony groaned, head flopping against the pillows. He’d gotten completely sidetracked. Damn Steve and his distracting self. No, damn Phil. This was all his fault. Of course that man could be a complete cockblock without even being present.
“I know what he said. But this,” Tony said, pointing back at the picture. “This makes him wrong. And this makes him very much in danger. Come on, we’re leaving.”
“Delmar didn’t give us much. All I got from him is that the man who delivered the bombs to SI should be at this address.”
Steve closed his eyes. It was no one’s fault but his own. Tired eyes flicked back open as Steve moved on to the second page.
The Commandos had been their saving grace. Not just for Steve; Bucky found himself unbelievably codependent on the rag-tag group of criminals they threw together. They were the glue that held him and his best friend together, and by all accounts, are the very reason they’re both still alive today.
First, continued thanks and gratitude for keeping with the story. You guys are amazing and I love you all. I'm glad to see you guys are still hanging on even even as this story gets more climactic. Hopefully we'll get all these boys reunited soon!
“Deal?” Anger roared inside him. “Obie, I told you, I fucking told you. What did they owe you? Why do this?”
Steve watched as Tony continued over to Bucky to give him the same treatment. “Want me to pull the fire alarm so you don’t have to sit through the whole meeting?”
It was a mutual decision to end things, all on good terms. It was almost like nothing had happened. Some days Tony wished it had worked out; that Pepper could be his other half.
He didn’t have the keys anymore, but Tony had all his cars coded to him anyway. His brain had more important things to worry about that where he last put his car keys. Tony started up the car and began pulling away when he saw The Captain tear out of the building after him.
Steve threw him the brochure he found at a rest area that they’d previously stopped in. There had been a full wall of these pamphlets, small towns putting their achievements on blast in hopes that some desperate tourists would stop through. There were plenty of other places that Steve could have taken Tony – places that he was sure to have enjoyed more – but there was something about this town that was so utterly ridiculous that he couldn’t get out of his head. Besides, there could be plenty of chances for him to go on cave tours. How many more times was he going to be close enough to see the World’s Largest Mailbox?
“Now,” Stark said, standing up from the table, “we wait. It won’t be more than a few days before Hammer decides to move, if your girl is convincing enough. I’ve got eyes on the place, you just place a few men there and we’ll be right as rain.” Clint watched as Stark tapped idly away at his phone. “Well, my work here is done; time to do more important things.” He waved a hand carelessly at Steve, not even bothering to look up from his phone. “You know how to contact me if there are any problems. See you around, Cap and mutts.”
And what was worse was that Steve didn’t seem to expect anything else in return. He never got angry when Tony never said it back. It was like Steve was more than happy to keep giving, handing Tony piece after piece until there was nothing left of him.
“Hey!” Tony spun around to catch the car keys that were being thrown at him. Tony saw The Captain point to his car that he drove over to the warehouse with Odinson. Tony sprinted over to the car, not even commenting when The Captain sidled in to the passenger seat.
Coulson just sighed, and headed towards the door. “They’re your problem for now. Don’t do anything stupid.”
Which is what Steve was trying to remind himself as he stood there gaping at the brunette. “What do you mean, no?”
Bucky wasn’t much different. He was closed off; didn’t talk too much, and when he did, he would ask for someone to pass the liquor. Clint couldn’t blame the man, he couldn’t blame Steve either. Their world had been ripped from them so many times, it was only a matter of time before it became too much.
Tony sighed, tossing the phone back to its unconscious owner. With any luck, the man wouldn’t remember their interaction at all. Even if he did, Tony knew that he and Barnes would be long gone by the time that he came too. For as much of a pain it was to deal with Strange's people, Tony knew that he had heard nothing but the best about them. After all, they ran a monopoly in a market that they created themselves. New York was teeming with criminals, and criminals were teeming with chaos. And even criminals need doctors.
Clint stumbled across the alleyway, cursing into his phone as he was greeted with another voicemail. His hands shook as he typed in Steve’s number again, newfound adrenaline pulsing through his body.
“Yea. Pepper’s handling everything back at SI. I also had Happy look into the remaining firemen still hanging around. Everyone else checks out. They’re safe.”
But he was wrong. The colors were wrong, the colors were gone. Gone like the toy soldiers, that he kept safely in his desk. Nothing more than a blackened, melted pile of plastic now.
What immediately caught his gaze, leaving him frozen on the couch, was the huge collage that sat across from him. Pictures for every occasion filled Tony’s eye line; some taken recently while others showed the signs of age. Newspaper clippings were tacked alongside them, telling the tales of the Captain and his men. It was so domestic; almost as if a proud dad had taken their A+ reports and put them on the refrigerator for everyone else to see. The rest of the wall was covered in artwork, obviously the work of The Captain. The scenes took many mediums, ranging from thick sketch pads to scraps of paper to napkins from a random diner, as if Cap had grabbed whatever was around to catch the perfect moment. It was so real, so
A beep from Tony’s computer almost had the man jolting out of his chair. The engineer scrambled over to the monitors, eyeing the new information.
Natasha, bless her heart, knew to stay silent as the minutes stretched on, allowing Steve to stew quietly. However, it wasn’t long before he felt his phone buzzing constantly against his leg in his pants pocket. He grit his teeth, knuckles whitening as he tightened his grip on the steering wheel. He didn’t have time to explain everything to Sam; Tony would take care of it. His mind was too tunnel-visioned, running theory after theory as to how someone, most likely HYDRA, finally got their hands on secrets he’d been hiding all those years. As the buzzing persisted, Steve huffed angrily, reaching into his pocket long enough to silence his phone.
“You’re a disgrace,” was whispered at him, but Steve didn’t care. His eyes never left Tony. Never left the fact that his eyes were open and he was breathing. The guards threw him back into his chair, retying his hands behind him. Not that it mattered. Tony wasn’t putting up a fight.
Steve eyed her shirt again. It was Clint’s; at least, he was pretty sure. Not that he ever remembered Clint wearing it, but he didn’t know anyone else who owned clothing with that many holes and stains. Didn’t matter, it still looked good on Natasha. Even after all these years, he’s never figured out the full extent of their relationship; Bucky knew about as much as he did. Of course, both were too chicken to ask, more than content to be left with their questions.
That must have gotten the attention of the rest of the strike team, because Steve heard them pounding up the stairs. Steve barely had enough time to bring his shield up before more bullets were piercing into his apartment. Unable to find a way out, Steve crashed through his window.
“How hard is it to find one man? Coulson has to be out there somewhere. The man’s was shot, it’s not like he’s going anywhere anytime soon. And yet somehow, he has been able to avoid our gaze for weeks now.”
He was Tony Stark. He could find anyone and their mother with a flick of his wrist. He could dismantle government agencies if he wanted, hell, even a small nation if he put his mind to it.
He could already see some men dispatched on the floor from Clint, but Steve kept pushing forward. From the look of the place, Steve already knew it was too small to hide all of HYDRA, but there would be enough to hold answers that he and the team were desperately needing.
Tony looked up at his still smoking company. “I don’t know, but it can’t be good. I need to get back in there.”
Realization hit Clint like a ton of bricks. “The speakeasy,” he whispered. The group was moving in an instant, scrambling to load the vans. Tires screeched and horns honked as the crew sped back to their home.
Steve looked away quickly. “He’s nobody. Now. I was honest with you; you have to be honest with me. What do the numbers mean?”
Why the FBI would be interested in past Army operations was anyone’s guess, but it wasn’t that surprising. If Steve had learned anything about the government and how it worked, it was that everyone had their claws in each other, a messy web of bribes, secrets, and lies, somehow holding up the foundations of one the world’s largest superpowers.
He'd been so careful not to let anything slip - the name Steve Rogers was a relic. No one was supposed to care bout him. He was Pierce's for the taking. While his brain was screaming at him, he tried to remain unfazed. By the way Stane was smiling at him, however, Pierce knew that he had failed. “Who?”
While Tony had gone around jabbing at The Captain’s apparent ‘need’ for him, it was really Tony covering up his need for The Captain. And then Thor had shown up, and it had all gone to shit.
After a sizeable hole was formed in the bots chest, Tony turned off the blowtorch, letting the metal cool before diving in hands first. Without the sounds of the blowtorch, the silence in the lab was deafening, but Tony made no inclination of turning on some music. His head was already pounding; the last thing he needed was him having an aneurism from AC/DC coupling with the agony that was already swirling inside his brain.
“Who knows what goes through their heads,” sighed Tony. “Alright,” he continued, patting Bucky on the back. “You’re all done. Don’t go too crazy; my baby needs time to adjust to your Neanderthal body.”
But that’s life. It didn’t matter what happened, the world would still turn. Why not just buck up and turn with it?
The jet they’d taken – the one they use on all of their longer journeys – was large enough to be equipped with stacked bunks, and even a bathroom. Steve couldn’t remember how many times he’d thought about grabbing Tony and dragging him over to the small washroom or the cots with only a mere privacy sheet, pride be damned. People joined the mile-high club all the time; in fact, he and his boyfriends joined a few months ago, so it wasn’t that much of a big deal, right? Sure, Natasha might stab him, and Clint had already threatened to crash the plane, but it didn’t stop Steve from thinking numerous times that it was worth the risk.
“I told you, this shit builds in your chest,” Tony said. “And at first, I thought it was just the heat. It’s like a constant itch, right below your skin. It’s fucking irritating and it makes me twitch, so I thought that was it. That’s why I couldn’t sleep, but
Steve moved slowly, his feet shuffling loudly against the floor. Even with the thick layers piled around him, Steve could still feel the heat from Tony’s hand on his back as the smaller man guided him into the next room. Tony led him over to a herd of chairs, carefully ushering Steve into the most padded one. A sharp throb coursed in his chest, reminded of their gathering table at their old house, now only ash and dust. Steve let out a soft groan as he all but collapsed into the furniture, wanting nothing more than to be back in bed, ignoring the world for a little while longer.
“The stock dropped another five points today. We need to make a move soon, Tony. The board is all over my ass- ”
Tony tried to shrug indifferently. “What did you expect? I’m done with you people. What Rogers does in his spare time is no concern to me.”
He walked back to his office slowly, his thoughts heavy. He trusted that Obie would get the job done, but he could only pray that he get it done it time. He cracked open the door to his office slowly, intent on calling Pepper when the sudden burst of activity on his security man’s radio stopped him.
“While the hell did you agree to that?” Bucky cried. “How the hell are we supposed to take care of each other?”
With one last yawn, Steve got out of bed in search of his new lover. When he walked back downstairs his heart jumped into his throat.
Steve ran alongside the gurney with Peter clutched to his chest, not caring when he heard yet another angry shout as he ran into a new nurse. The doctors on the other side were shouting numbers that he couldn’t understand, an alarm was blaring loudly though speakers, Peter was still bawling into his neck, but Steve only had eyes for one man.
Tony felt his eyes soften. He understood. If anything, Clint was just another version of himself, constantly weighed down by his failures, trying to prove that he’s not the monster he thinks he is. Tony knew that if anything ever happened to the team, it would destroy him. Wanda’s vision proved that. Clint must have been shattered, thinking that Tony was dead. Tony just about started crying himself when he heard Clint’s quiet mantra of
“I don’t want to hear it,” he said, cutting Steve off. “I already heard enough from Phil.” God, the amount of time he griped to Clint about ruining
It all made sense. Thorpe had wanted to use his fake vibranium to scam the market, making him rich. The other eight code names probably coincided with whatever task they were given.
“You’re just realizing that you aren’t just living for you anymore. It’ll take a while to get used to, trust me. It’s like any other addiction; the first step is admittance,” joked Tony with a small chuckle.
“Uh oh. I know that look.” A calloused hand reached up to cup Steve’s face, and Steve didn’t hesitate to turn into it, placing small kisses into Tony’s palm. Tony pulled him down for a real kiss, and Steve couldn’t help but sigh into it.
Of course, the logical part of his brain tried to convince him that they didn’t know if Tony was even here or not, but Steve tuned it out. Tony had to be here. He just
Clint charged over to the driver window. “Please, lady, you gotta help me. I saw a man with a gun in the alleyway!”
Clint had forced himself to read this one however. About one week into searching, Clint realized that the list of nine names was getting him nowhere. Either these people didn’t exist, or they were so far off the grid, that they were impossible to track. It was only when he flipped through the files for the millionth time that he caught a break.
“You caught me,” Steve said with a roll of his eyes, tugging Tony back down to lean across his chest. Silence descended between the pair, the quiet only broke by the crackle of the dimming fire, and an owl sounding from deep in the woods.
Even days after the attack, Steve and his men were still left picking up the pieces. Clint had been out trying to round everyone up, slowly trying to knit The Commandos back together. It wasn’t going smoothly, however, as it seemed over half of their organization was still missing. Even Natasha. Normally, Steve wouldn’t worry; it wasn't as if they didn't know how to take care of themselves. But with the threat of HYDRA, Steve wanted nothing more than all of his people under one roof again. He needed to make sure he wasn't responsible for any more deaths; he couldn't bear the thought of more of his family's blood on his hands.
It was the first time they’d been alone in days – they’d only managed to find time as Tony had basically dragged him into his office to talk. In the days following Stane’s unannounced arrival, the team had been a sporadic mess, trying desperately to get some foothold of a lead on HYDRA. Natasha had hit the streets to see if her contacts knew anything about The Monger, Steve and Bucky had locked themselves in the basement to try, unsuccessfully, to get any more info out of their remaining prisoners. Even Barton had gone out to see the twins. All the while, Tony was either sequestered to his lab with Bruce to find something that would keep Stane happy, or he was being whisked away by Pepper to try and put out the fires that SI’s recent statements had made.
“It doesn’t matter. We need to go out the back anyway,” replied Tony, pulling Clint to the rear of the building.
Tony was made of iron. His father was weak; Tony was a survivor. He’d had an entire life of people trying to take him down. And Tony always rose from the ashes. This was no different.
He heard Bucky snort next to him, knowing his friend probably followed along on the same train of thought.
Steve didn’t hesitate; he took off down the alley. Steve manages to squeeze in between a truck before in backed into a loading dock, effectively separating himself from SHIELD.
Sam’s voice was calm, as it always was; a lighthouse shining through the night to keep him on course. Steve didn’t want to hear it. He’d rather sit back and wait for the storm to take him. Ignoring the question, Steve watched Hill pacing in the background, phone pressed tightly against her ear as she know doubt scrambled to find a team to come in and sweep the place. It was foolish; it was impossible to tell who was left anymore. Who was on their side anymore.
“I have a feeling that dealing with Steve today is gonna be worse,” a new voice said. Both Clint and Bucky turned to find Sam filter in the room, pulling up another chair to sit with them. “Steve’s pissed, man. Which, usually would be a good thing, considering that means he’s doing something other than moping, but it’s pretty bad.”
“Gotta love a man who has his priorities straight,” Steve smiled, wrapping an arm around Tony as they walked to the dining room.
Steve couldn’t tell if the man had seen him or not; the figure remained in one place as Steve walked carefully out to him. Each step was painstakingly slow; the ice made no protest, but Steve wasn’t taking any chances.
He risked another glance at Tony, relieved to see the other man was smiling. “You remembered that, huh?”
The man patted his cheek. "I intend on doing just that. You see, you might be willing to sacrifice yourself to stay quiet, but tell me. Are you willing sacrifice your friend?"
It's not that he didn't get it. From the pieces of relayed information he got from Bucky, the situation between Stark and Steve was a hell of a lot more complicated than what he first thought. Hell, if he were Stark, he probably wouldn't want anything to do with them either. Clint just had to hope that Stark was a better man than the rest of them, and would fly a white flag with his head held high. They definitely couldn't fight a war on both sides - they obviously couldn't even fight one on the one side. Bucky was right; they we're going to need Stark. Steve was out of control, the whole family was breaking apart. They'd all agreed that they could swallow their pride and crawl back to Stark - now, they were just hoping that he could do the same.
The priest barely had time to finish before Steve found himself with a handful full of Tony, familiar lips molding against his. Steve sighed into the kiss, bringing his arms around to bracket Tony’s smaller frame. Steve could hear the cheers of their friends, the other heroes, but the pounding of his heart tuned them all out.
