he tried to place it. It wasn’t pleasant by any means, but it wasn’t something he’d call a stench.
Strange said, stepping away so Steve could sit up.
he cried. Ty turned, an eyebrow arched.
The doctor snapped her fingers.
Bruce looked at each of them quickly, not willing to look Steve in the eyes, he hated those puppy dog eyes. Steve disagreed but everyone else knew he had puppy dog eyes.
Clint continued.
she directed towards Strange.
Bruce capped another test tube before sliding it into its foam slot.
He looked so pathetic and in need of help, that Tony felt he had to reach out. They could maybe get him to SHIELD medical and find some way to communicate. He didn’t seem malicious, just in need. Glad that JARVIS had to have told the others about the lost contact by now and would let them in the basement, Tony decided to take the risk and grasp the stranger’s hand to help him up.
Tony moved onto the edge of the hospital bed to grasp Steve’s hand. Steve didn’t lift his head.
The familiar sound of a gun safety turning off broke the killer’s concentration.
he sighed deeply.
Clint heard Peter gasp softly.
Of all things to cross Steve’s mind, he was thinking about how much Tony hated other people to see his chest. It was a useless thought. Phil had never wished more that he knew anything about the medical field besides first aid. Clint ignored the pain in his side as he sat up to look across the room. Phil glared at him, but he didn’t care. He needed to see his friend still breathing after that. He had just been thinking about how he might prefer being in the hospital while Tony was stuck there too, but then things had gone to shit so quickly.
He tried to meet Tony’s eyes. They were half-lidded and completely glazed over. This close, Steve could see the way his chest stuttered. Tony blinked hard, before looking at Steve confused and out of it.
They both sighed.
He gestured for Tony to take a seat in it, even though Tony was sure the dick knew he wouldn’t be able to get himself into it. Tony thought it best to humor him, so he attempted to stand, using the chair for support, but as he stretched out to reach the chair, his ribs were having none of it and he fell back with a hiss. The Mandarin laughed gleefully and grabbed Tony by the neck, slamming him into the chair. He kept his hand around Tony’s throat longer than necessary, smiling darkly as Tony feebly scratched at his hands, desperate for air. Tony was shocked at how strong the man was on top of everything else; why had he had other people doing his dirty work? He could have killed Tony himself a long time ago.
The Mandarin's face twisted into a hideous mask of hatred. He punched at the bubble while one of his rings glowed, and Tony could see a ripple effect on the bubble where he hit. He was shouting but there was no sound from out here. Tony watched in fascination as Strange started chanting a prayer of sorts and the man in the bubble panicked. The panic didn't last for long as he slowly fell to his knees, then prone and still.
(See the end of the chapter for
They walked along a stone path. It was agreed that flying would make finding their way to Castle Nightmare harder, since the sky was chaotic, but the paths each led there if you followed them on foot. Tony scanned the environment as they walked. The sky, if one could call it that, was a yellowish-orange with random blobs of black rolling through it. Paths of rock criss-crossed through it, seemingly at random, but were all suspended in the air, and Tony could find no actual ground far below. The colours just went on forever in every direction. Flying gargoyle like creatures flew by in small groups, but ignored them. Boulders with glowing purple stones on the outside would zoom by like meteorites, narrowly missing collision with the path, or Steve once.
Please say yes, give him this one thing.
Peter blushed.
Tony muttered.
Steve explained to everyone’s groans.
he admitted finally.
he held Steve’s hand to his chest, making sure Steve could feel Phil’s chest rise and fall. Slowly Steve’s color returned and he opened his fists, though he felt blood trickle from where his nails had gone in too far.
Tony shrugged again.
He waited until Peter was meeting his gaze.
His mind blanked and his eyes closed. He could feel the presence of Strange in his head, but nothing more specific than that. It was over as quickly as it started and he shook his head to clear the feeling.
Tony’s voice was beginning to grate on her ears. Wanda rubbed her temple, holding a hand up.
The archer shook his head in disbelief, returning to his work. When Tony put it that way, it seemed almost logical, but Tony always managed to make crazy things sound logical. The man had burned himself with sparks from a device he needed to live like the risk was a non-factor. He was bringing this up next time Cap or Phil tried to harass him for being reckless. Tony made him look like the most cautious man alive. He decided to put the image of Tony pulling out the reactor out of his head. It was playing over and over in his mind, and Clint wouldn’t have thought he’d be so affected by a simple action like that, but to him it had looked akin to someone stabbing themselves or something. And that was his friend, his family member. All of the Avengers probably subconsciously equated the blue light in Tony’s chest with him being alive.
Jenny didn’t seem to notice.
He stepped back, and let Peter take a look. The blood moon was plenty visible without the telescope, of course, but this was more fun. Plus Steve had convinced them to make is a nighttime picnic. Tony settled onto the blanket beside Steve while Peter fiddled with the telescope. They held up their wine glasses,
Steve chuckled and pressed another kiss to Tony’s brow. “And you weren’t kidding when you called it tragic. It’s a beautiful story but...once a year? That’s terrible.”
“No...stop it….stop! Please...Obie!”
“No...I just...I…”
He’s falling….why is he falling? No...no not again. Please not again…can’t…….
“Okay...okay. I need you to breathe, alright? Tony?”
“Steve.”
He had to die….
Steve’s brow furrowed at the sudden exclamation. “What? You...you wanna leave?”
Steve chuckled. “You’re welcome, and I love you too. Now come on. We better trade that purple sticker for some real bandages or Clint is never going to let you live it down.”
“See you on the other side, my love.”
“That’s the part that confuses you?” Tony asked incredulously. “Not him throwing them back up again? Years later, and all still miraculously whole, by the way.”
He held out for as long as he could, until he sighed and presented his pitifully bandaged hand.
“Good,” Steve cut off Tony’s rambling. “Good, that’s great. Okay, so...get me out of these things. We’ll fill in the others and get your plan going.” He turned his gaze up to his restrained wrists above his head expectedly, deciding he could take a moment to marvel at the beauty of Tony’s strength in the suit. It never failed to spark something heated and intense to watch those hands that could be so gentle when touching Steve’s skin do something so powerful when--
“Can you tell me another one?”
Steve gave another yank at the restraints, his eyes beginning to burn as desperation took over. “God damn it, Tony!”
“You wouldn’t be the only one.” Tony took the hand that had been caressing his cheek and held it in his own against Steve’s chest. It was another moment before his face lit up when an idea came to him. “We could go.”
Steve let his head fall back till it rested on the cushion behind him and slowly chewed the piece, taking his time and letting his own warmth melt it a bit to allow the taste to reach every corner of his mouth. It had been reduced to little more than a thick, chocolatey syrup before he finally swallowed it down with another appreciative hum. He didn’t even open his eyes as he broke off another piece to push between his lips to start all over again.
He felt the weight of the missile just over his shoulder, carrying it through the very city he was trying to save.
“Fucking finally!”
Tony’s eyes narrowed. “Not rusty, just...a little out of practice.”
“No yelling? No lecture, no ‘You can’t go punching people like that, Tony. We’re public figures. We have to set a standard’?”
“Oh my god.” Steve gingerly held Tony’s fingers in his own, looking over the deep red-turning-dark skin with deep concern. “Tony, what did you do?”
Tony sat and grumbled as he waited for Happy to bring the car to a stop and come around to open his door.
Tony opened his eyes. “What?”
Tony’s lip curled slightly in the corner with a light scoff. “Steve—”
“What’s up, buttercup?” Tony asked a little breathless. “I was just getting into it.”
“I...I was just saying that you’re back. From the thing at the hospital.”
The words were out of his mouth before he’d even realized he’d spoken.
So many beautiful lights…why was it so dark?
“Okay. Yeah, penthouse. Do we still have gauze and wrappings somewhere?”
He must have shivered because only seconds later, the jacket he still had in his vice grip shifted again. Panic made another annoying comeback at having it taken from him but it dissipated once he realized it wasn’t being taken, rather it was twisted before he was suddenly engulfed in its sheltering warmth. He wasted no time in pulling the jacket up and over his head until he felt buried in it.
“Uneventful.”
Neither said anything more for several long minutes, silent save for Tony’s still gasping breaths.
“I love you.”
“I mean it was great. Yeah, great kid. I just meant uneventful as in….nothing else happened.”
“So which one was your favorite?”
Steve was quiet before he huffed out a breath of laughter. “Well damn. The gods didn’t screw around back then, did they?”
Steve felt a sudden rush of panic and before he knew it, his hands were around Tony’s wrists. “Wait!”
How could his best friend do that to him? He’d seen first hand how much he’d been affected by “The Incident” - as people seemed in favor of calling it, like not calling it what is was, a fucking alien invasion, was going to make it seem any less horrible.
He couldn’t take his eyes away. How could he?
It was Tony who pulled away first, winded but with a satisfied smile cut across his face, before he finally opened his eyes. It took a few moments of rapid blinking for his eyes to adjust after having the blindfold on for so long, but once Tony’s eyes settled on Steve’s face, his smile widened and Steve didn’t bother holding back his own in response.
Quiet….there’s nothing…..no lights...no beating….no air….
Tony removed the glove again, though it seemed the sandpaper had been replaced with razors this time, and made quick work of slapping on the bandage over the broken skin. He held out his hand to observe his less than perfect work. Because the abrasion was right on the crown of the knuckle, the bandage had to go up and over the joint awkwardly, not quite giving it the coverage it probably required.
Steve used the quiet to again glance over the stars, trying to see what Tony saw when he had looked before for that brief moment when his face had seen wonder and beauty before it was overshadowed by the pain and the fear. All the stories and history and memories and--
He loved hearing Tony speak like this. Most of the time Tony went on some triade, it was about some crazy night in college, or a party that ended not at all flatteringly, or even about some project he was working on and lord knew Steve couldn’t follow any of the common day slang or technobabble if his life depended on it.
Tony couldn’t do anything but nod, the throbbing in his hand intensifying as he tried to unclench it.
Tony has a flashback/panic-attack when faced with one of his biggest paranoias.
Tony pulled away, just enough to mutter into Steve’s mouth, “I love you,” before kissing him again, not letting Steve utter a sound beyond the agonized whimper he couldn't manage to hold back. “So much.” This kiss didn’t last much longer before he pulled away again, the distinct taste of salt passing between them as he continued on to pepper kisses across Steve’s face. “I love you so much. I-- Fuck, this isn’t fair,” he hissed, the fingers in Steve’s hair curling in tight against his scalp. “I wanted…damn it, I was really looking forward to…to us, to...I really wanted this...” Tony fumbled over his words, had to catch his breath with a painful-sounding hitch. “God, Steve, please tell me you know how much I...how loved you are. Tell me I didn’t epically fuck that up, because...everything. You’re
Only then was he was able to take a deep lungful breath, unencumbered by panic and fear and terror, surrounded in Steve’s smell and warmth. He finally felt safe again.
His footing stumbled under him when he stepped away, one hand still gripping his chest which still burned, everything still hurt, still didn’t feel right.
“That’s the one. He was a great hunter. Artemis--”
“Rhodey put you up to this?” Tony asked, nearly tossing off the jacket in his surprise before remembering what was on the other side of it and tightened his grip, pulling it all the closer as he focused on keeping his breath in it’s newly acquired normal rhythm.
The way Rhodey had said it, like he was truly and deeply saddened that his friend had lost that comfort, had made something deep in Steve ache for the engineer. He’d spent that evening tossing and turning, trying to picture Tony as Rhodey had described. It was difficult to imagine that of a man who seemed in constant motion and who could only be described as eccentric on his best days, but he tried anyway.
Tony’s brow furrowed. He hadn’t….Unless….
But Tony’s smirk only grew into an incredulous smile. “Honey, you’re talking like I don’t know all this already. I trust you. You know I do.” His smile wavered slightly, though Steve could see he tried to hold it still. “At least I thought you did.”
Steve knew he was walking a precarious line. On one hand, he could be helping Tony to take a positive step in a direction to help him recover a lost comfort. But on the other, he could just be sending Tony deeper into his paranoia and adding yet another string of psychological scars to Tony’s already heartbreakingly notable collection.
He watched as the doctor – number four, if he was remembering Bruce’s descriptions correctly. It was another few minutes before the baddie of the week was finally revealed, something he and his friend – no, companion – kept calling Cybermen. Though the more he watched, the more he wondered if Dr. Doom wasn’t a also a fan of the show, considering there were a suspicious number of similarities between these Cyber-whatevers and the Doom—
“What?” Steve asked hastily, eyes wide and instinctively looking for injury. “What, did I hurt you?”
“Not to mention there’s an entire pile of it back there on the count—”
And that seemed to be all either of them was going to say on the matter as they continued to stare at each other, right up until Tony took a lungful breath to announce, “Right.”
Destruction and wrath, silent in the vacuum of space and….
“I just wanted to get that back for you,” Steve went on, completely unaware of what he was evoking within the man beside him. “I wanted to help you, and I thought that…”
“No. No, don’t do this. Please don’t--”
He gave his head a good shake for that. No. He’d come this far, he was not backing out now. For better or worse, this was happening. Tony deserved to at least be given the chance to fight to gain a little piece of himself back, and Steve was determined to help him through every swing.
“Less than sixty seconds. He stepped in just as you were asking.”
“Well,” Steve placed his glass down solemnly, “it can be hard sometimes, spending time with a child who’s sick.”
Steve had felt like an absolute heel when Rhodey had had to painstakingly spell it out for him, something that should have been – and was, now that he objectively looked back, god he was an idiot – exceedingly obvious.
“Baby, I’m right here. You’re safe! I swear!”
Tony just smiled in that way that made Steve’s chest tighten under the weight of the love and unyielding desire he felt for this man, and slowly slid his arms around Steve’s neck until their lips were all but touching.
But he just continued on, needing Tony to hear this and believe it unconditionally. “Just listen. Please. I need you to trust me and know that I will always be here for you, and I will never, ever let you fall. Alright?”
Steve nodded again. “Good.” He took a breath and reached forward to take Tony’s hand again, gently peeling the fingers away to ease the pull on the skin. “We should get some alcohol on that cut. I think our first aid kit is in the bathroom.”
Steve paused a moment in his reach for a glass from the cabinet. “Really?”
“I did.”
Steve started walking over. “How did it go?”
That was a very good question. One Steve scrambled to find an answer for. “I…Just, let me say something first?”
Steve went quiet, then there was a sigh. Careful fingers slowly dug their way under the jacket, not actually lifting the sides but just enough for the digits to slide under and touch the side of Tony’s hand as they gave a comforting slide back and forth across skin.
Tony glared at the placating tone but his blush made it not nearly as intimidating as Steve was sure Tony had intended.
With a smile so big it was a wonder his face didn’t split in two, Steve leaned down to press a kiss into Tony’s hair as he whispered, “I’d love to.”
Tony jerked back to awareness, a scream on his lips and the sound of the Hulk’s roar still reverberating through his skull. His lips were wide open and gasping in….
But as much as Steve wanted to stay pressed against Tony like this, he wanted more to get Tony out of here and somewhere safe, regroup with the team - what was left of them, he thought, pressing his face further into Tony’s warmth as the pain of that settled in him like a steel ball - and find a way to destroy that which had taken so much away from them. Steve forced himself to pull away, thankful Tony took the cue and did the same, not sure he would have been able to resist the temptation to push his nose into Tony’s hair next.
The hissed curse and an array of limbs near catapulting themselves over the back of the couch were Steve’s only warnings before he suddenly had a lapful of Tony, who promptly took Steve’s face between his hands and kissed him, skipping right past chaste and going right to tongue. Lots of tongue.
Tony could only gape as he ran that over in his head a few dozen times before it finally managed to set in. He had once wondered at what point it was that people stopped the falling part of falling in love. It had to end at some point right? So why then did it seem like he was always falling deeper and deeper in love with this man?
Before he knew it, the bar was devoured and he was licking off whatever had melted and stuck to his fingers.
“Tony?”
And so he’d gotten to planning. He’d waffled between doing something big and extravagant or something small and intimate, needing it to be perfect but not at all knowing how Tony – or rather Tony’s psyche – would react to either.
And felt he cushion beside him shift and move. Steve almost didn’t want to look, too afraid of what oddity his apparently insane boyfriend was partaking in now, but his curiosity got the better of him and he slowly turned his gaze to see the Tony Stark…fluffing and rearranging couch cushions.
“Tony, please just...Just let me...I won’t let anything happen to it or to you. You know that. You know that! You’re safe, sweetheart.”
“Tony,” Steve asked sternly, “you don't hit people without good reason. What did-”
“He used to, though. Look at them, I mean. It wasn’t too terribly often. I could probably count the number of times I’ve seen him do it on both hands, and it definitely happened more in California than here. But often enough for it to be a damn shame that he can’t anymore. Because I cannot think of any time I’d ever seen him more still or tranquil than when he was sitting under a clear night sky and just…looking up.”
Tony opened his eyes at that. He couldn’t see past the darkness that the jacket provided him, which he was perfectly fine with, but he was surprised enough that he did anyway.
“Finally.” Tony’s hands wasted no time in sliding from Steve’s and going right for the blindfold.
“Yeah….I guess it is.”
“However, once a year, on the seventh day of the seventh month, all the magpies in the world take pity on the lovers and form a bridge across the river so they may be together, if only for a single day.”
He could feel Steve’s confusion in the hesitant way he brought his arms around Tony in his usual hold, but once they were there, Steve held Tony tight against his body, one big hand cupping Tony’s head through his jacket.
Didn’t really matter anyway, because Steve’s attention was more focused on the triangular sweet held in his hand. He took no time in opening the package and snapping off the first near-black pre-cut triangle from the bar.
There was a pregnant pause as Tony swallowed heavily past the growing tightness in his throat, hoping he’d be able to say now what he’d never been able to say to anyone else before.
“You made a little boy’s wish come true, protected him from further harm, and, knowing you," he added with a teasing smirk, "you're most likely already planning on setting up a trust for when he goes to college so you can hire him in the future. I think you set one hell of a standard today.”  Another press of lips. “If anything, I am even more proud of you than I was before.”
“Mm,” Steve hummed. “It’s always the good ones, isn’t it?”
Tony hadn’t realized he’d been crying until he felt a thumb wipe a tear across his cheek. He looked up to see that Steve had pulled the jacket up high enough to cover the both of them so they could see each other for the first time since…
Steve continued to watch him through his second go-around until Tony, mission obviously not yet accomplished, did the same to the fridge, the oven, the dishwasher…the garbage?
“I’m so sorry, Tony. I never should have brought you out here. I never meant to…”
He had to get away.
“I thought that if I was with you, if I was the one who exposed you to it again, that you would feel safe enough to let me help you through it. But I guess--”
“Yeah, well. If you’d give up whatever idea you have in that scheming head of yours and let me take this damn thing off,” Tony made a vague gesture toward the fabric covering his eyes, “we wouldn’t have to worry about all that, now would we?”
He’d never understand how Steve did that. Pepper had always had her own way of pacifying him, bringing him from a heightened sense of agitation and bringing it down to a manageable level so he could think and work, but it always just built right back up far sooner than either of them would have liked.
Steve’s expression shifted from furious to horrified. “You already…”
Anyway, here's the next chapter. The second half of this chapter is not beta-ed, so I would love some comments on your thoughts of the chapter.
Steve had never been much for sweets. Partly because he’d never really been able to afford any as a kid, but also it was a bit of a danger to his health. Simple sugars never really seemed to agree with him much. He’d learned that lesson after he and Bucky had spent the better part of two weeks saving up what they could from odd jobs around the neighborhood, then pooled their earnings together to buy the biggest pack of gummy bears they could find. They’d proceeded to sprint home, break open the bag, and gorged on them ever so slowly, savoring each tough, chewy morsel.
“NO!” Steve shouted, pulling against the restraints again, his skin all but searing for having lost Tony’s touch. “Stop! Tony, please!”
Steve led Tony till they reached the edge of the blanket, squeezing Tony’s hands to indicate they’d arrived.
He almost forgot how much it stung. It had been a while since he had punched someone outside of the armor. It's no picnic.
He heard the others crying out as they fought, as they were hit, as they struggled, as they tried not to die.
In the end notes, you can find which movie the quotes are from....though I'm sure you'll recognize them anyway XD
A painful jolt spread through his limbs as the fear grew and the air around him danced just out of reach...
..he sounded so far away. He had to find Steve. Had to...to make sure that he…
He pinched the tips of each finger to pull the glove loose, each tug feeling a bit like sandpaper against his skin. It took a few seconds, but when he had it off it was a bit of a relief. Until he looked at it.
Steve chuckled and shook his head as he took another drink of—
He started and peered up at hearing his name in the familiar robotic modulation, only then hearing the sound of repulsors as beautiful lines of red and gold lowered in front of him. A wave of relief hit him so hard he lost his breath a moment before he tried to pull at his restraints again, if only to get his hands on the man hovering in front of him.
“Excuse you?”
“Ahh..” Tony hissed and jerked forward from the counter where his hand had started to pinch between the counter and his body.
Steve pressed his lips to Tony's lightly. Then again. And again, until they stopped separating and basked in the feeling of the other, the warmth, the concern, the intimacy.
And instantly fell in love.
But something caught Tony’s eye before the words ever came to fruition.
Steve opened his eyes to see his boyfriend walking in, tablet in hand, with a smug smile plastered across his smug face, vaguely wondering if Tony interrupting his chocolatey bliss moments was going to become a habit. Not that he minded if it got his the same reaction it had last time.
And it hurt.
Tony took a shaky inhale and continued. “She’d take me outside and show me the constellations, tell me the myths and stories from all over the world. So, on clear nights when I can actually see them in the city…it’s….I can hear her voice again.”
When he didn’t feel Tony’s hands move from their places on his waist and neck, Steve looked back down at Tony. Whose eyeline hadn’t left Steve’s face.
Suddenly that thought he’d had of being used to Tony always surprising him seemed impossible and not at all desirable. He hoped he would never be used to it, if only because this feeling, right now, was so fulfilling and so Tony that he couldn't ever imagine his life without it.
“I found you,” Tony sighed, sounding just as relieved as Steve felt. He wasted no time in getting his arms around Steve as best he could, given the restraints, with one arm wrapping around his waist while his other hand went to the back of Steve’s neck to hold him against his chest.
“Okay, how-”
“Captain Rogers is taking a shower, sir. Shall I alert him to your arrival?”
“You know I can’t.” Tony’s voice went whisper soft as he drew their faces closer together. “And neither would you.”
“I do feel safe with you. That’s not what….” Not at all sure how he could explain, he took a moment to regroup and pulled Steve’s hand up to lay an apologetic kiss to his fingers. “But this...it’s….”
“You have to know that I never meant to hurt you. I just….I was trying to help.”
Steve started at the interruption. “You...what? Did what?””
Steve could only stare at Tony, who was obviously trying his best to hold back his anxiousness at the thought of doing this all over again, for several seconds before he felt a swell of pride and furious protectiveness and doubtless love grow in his chest until he was sure he’d burst from it.
“It’s here. Right here. It’s still there, I swear. See?”
“Course I did, Hap. I know how to punch.”
“She…We didn’t spend much time together, but if Jarvis was ever out sick or it was a particularly clear night...”
And Steve, being Steve, couldn’t allow that to continue. So he’d gotten to work, pushed through his tech-illiteracy, and spent every spare moment he had away from Avenging and from SHIELD – and that he wasn’t spending with Tony – researching. He hadn’t gotten very far until one particularly frustrating evening, a window popped up on his tablet. Which was odd since Tony’s adware removal program was legendary – he’d had almost every major tech conglomerate practically panting after him for it for years – but upon reading it and realizing it was exactly what he was looking for, he had a sneaking suspicion that was proven true when JARVIS crooned from above, “Best of luck to you, Captain.”
“You really think you’re gonna be able to hide that from Cap?”
“Are you okay?”
The irony that Maria Stark knew her little boy would enjoy a tale of a father being bested by his son was not lost on Steve, and he was certain that it hadn’t escaped Tony’s notice, either, but if Tony was going to leave it at that, then so was Steve.
“Hey! What? Nothing!” Tony swung around, making sure his hand was behind him and doing what he could to sweep the wrappers over, hidden behind his body..
Tony released his grip on the jacket with one hand and took up Steve’s retreating one, pulling it under the covering with him and holding it close to his chest in a loose embrace, letting Steve touch the reactor through his shirt, the strongest display of trust that he was capable of.
He sat back and pulled at the foil to slide out the unfinished chocolate.
“Wow,” Steve intoned quietly after a bit of silence, almost afraid to break the moment. “That’s incredible.”
Steve’s brow furrowed as he began to fill his glass with water from the tap. “Was something else supposed to happen?”
“Really?”
“Tony?”
“Yeah, yeah. Just wanna make sure you didn’t forget.” Happy looked back down as the light turned green. “We hardly spar anymore, you know? Now that you got your superfriends to train with.”
It was a mere three fistfuls in that Steve’s hands began to shake, and his heart felt like it would beat out of his chest at high speed, and no matter how big a breath he took, it felt like there just wasn’t enough air in the room. In the end, it had all ended with Steve sucking down his inhaler after one of the worst asthma attacks he’d ever had. From then on, he’d made a point to stay away from sugar – gummy bears, most especially (though he’d still peered forlornly at the gaggle of children that would rush to the candy shop each day after school).
His whole body trembled, his breath coming even faster still, at the thought of trying to move. He didn’t want to open his eyes, he didn’t want to see. He didn’t want to feel--
“Are you saying that I should have sat back and did nothing?”
Tony sighed. “I’ll think of something.”
“Well, whatever you said must have been something right. I actually ran into him in the kitchen eating breakfast.”
“But no one knew about it,” continued Ward. “How would they know to file a report about information that no one knew about?”
“Well, I seem to be getting mixed reviews on my performance,” he answered, wiping a hand across his sweaty brow as he eyed the traffic lights sway in the wind. Weather in the city was always a menace, but none more than summer. Each day had a person feeling like they were melting into the concrete, but even the nights, even after the sun long disappeared from the sky, did the weather continue to reign. The humidity hung in the air like a damp rag, and the city-folk would sweat and groan, and pray for winter. On the worst nights, on nights like this, the ocean would answer their prayers, and send a harsh breeze up the harbor and in between the buildings. It would blast over skin-soaked clothes and chill anyone right down to the bone, bringing with it the salt of the sea and the threat of a storm, enough to make anyone pray for the sun again. It was a vicious cycle.
“I know a place,” Tony replied.
“I want people at the train stations, bus stops, everywhere! Bring Steve Rogers to me, I don’t care which one!”
good. That all these months Tony was just cozying up to The Captain, gathering intel for HYDRA. That everything was one big show. Tony knew it was complete bullshit.
“But, Tony,” Obie’s voice filtered into his head. “Your father- ”
Nothing answered Steve but the harsh wind. There was no way out.
A metal grip finally had him stopping in his tracks.
He finished in the bathroom and continued his journey to the kitchen, pausing only to slip on a pair of underwear he passed on the floor. It was routine that had him flicking on the coffee maker, routine that had him reaching into the fridge for a breakfast of yesterday’s cold leftovers, routine that had him sitting in silence, listening to the faint clicking of the ceiling fan above him.
Tony moaned, flopping dramatically on her couch. “As if you read my mind,” he said. “I would love nothing more. Hand her over, Romanoff,” he added, making grabby hands at her laptop sitting on the coffee table. “I was born to be petty.”
“Artificially flavored is not the same thing, and you know it!”
“This is on all of us, not just you.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony whispered into Steve’s chest.
“Yesterday what?”
Steve’s heart constricted at the tone. Somewhere, his mother was rolling over in her grave at the thought of Steve basically robbing the older generation. A harsh blare from his phone on his desk pulled the blonde from his thoughts, the man reaching for the tech on autopilot, blank look adorning his face.
Tony’s mind raced as he felt warm blood slide down his arm. Tony spun around, trying to locate Barton, but it was no luck. The streets were crowded, the buildings pressed close together. Tony would have an easier time finding a needle in a haystack than finding the sniper. He darted to the left suddenly, hoping that the awnings branching from the buildings would supply cover from the sharpshooter.
Tony glared at the other man. “Really? You’re gonna do this now?”
The Captain smiled widely. “I’d like to finish our conversation.”
thought Clint.
“Well figure it out,” Natasha tried to placate, but Tony could see the slight furrow in her brow. “We always do.”
“Of course,” Tony replied, wriggling closer. “Not sure why you thought this was a one-time occurrence. I expect to be wined and dined.”
Tony paused, shooting Natasha a mischievous smirk over the laptop screen. “Let’s get it,” they said at the same time.
He still couldn’t figure out how Steve did it; how he brought them all together. They were all so different, so
right. Whenever he thought that he’d had enough, life had a way of reminding him that he wasn’t in charge. How the hell did it come to this?
“You’ve gone too far this time. This isn’t a game, kid!”
Obie rolled his eyes. “Be serious, Tony.”
Steve snorted despite himself, his hand wiping away at his nose as he stifled. “We’re in a real mess, Buck.”
Tony looked away, not able to answer.
Bucky’s breath hitched. That couldn’t be true. Could it? Steve’s name had been a trade secret ever since the SSR was finally taken out. It was Steve’s idea, but it was the one that guaranteed their survival. If HYDRA had known that the SSR’s shining star had survived the final fallout, they’d barely live to see the sunset. It was better this way; constructing a new identity until Steve had enough forces to take out HYDRA once and for all. When everything was said and done, the pair realized it was just easier to keep up the charade. The looming name of ‘The Captain’ gave Steve the street credit he needed to raise The Commandos to the top tiers of New York’s mob scene, and no one on the outside ever found out about the valuable secrets that Steve still had access to.
The two men entered the elevator. “JARVIS, Captain Rogers floor.”
Someone stepped into the living room. Natasha. She was wearing leggings and an oversized shirt, hair tossed up in a messy bun. Everything about it was so casual, but Steve didn’t know if it actually was, or if Natasha had spent hours trying to look that way. Knowing Natasha, it was the former. She managed to look good in anything; she could probably wear the hell out of a garbage bag if she wanted.
Uh oh.
Tony jolted at Steve’s question, as if he was in a trance. “You did all this?”
“I don’t think it’s that. I mean, hell, the guy may have more issues than all of us. He’s had a whole life of people using him and then leaving him out to dry; I’m pretty sure he’s just worried that we’ll do the same.”
“Yes, you will,” she snapped back, giving the metal-armed man an unimpressed stare.
demanded The Monger.
“Please, her death wouldn’t even make the front page. Want to know what the headline last week? Some guy shanked someone with a fork over a baked potato.
"Exactly." Steve stood up and grabbed his gun, making sure it was loaded. His whole crew was in today; there was no reason for it to be so quiet. Steve checked and made sure that both Bucky and Clint were ready in case he needed back up. Getting a nod from both men, Steve burst from his office, gun raised and ready to -
But there was no time now. There was no time for that good man, that Steve Rogers.
Clint frowned as he stared into the phone. “That doesn’t sound good.”
Tony yanked Steve closer to him in answer, tilting his head back as far as he could, while his own hands roamed the blonde’s expansive back. In truth, Tony had made multiple attempts at getting in Steve’s pants since his return from captivity. After an unspoken agreement of the mob boss spending each night in his bed, Tony had thought he wouldn’t have had to put in too much effort. But boy, was he wrong.
“I need you to keep them focused. Pierce can’t win, you can’t let him. You and the team need to take him down. And,” Coulson added with a shaky breath, “I need you to look out for Clint. If he’s as bad as I think he is, I need to know that there will be someone in his corner.
Natasha hummed. “Not a fan of that.”
Loki had the gall to laugh at them. "So, you've thrown together some half ass truce to take me down? Please, you two won't make it through the day before taking each other out."
Tony gaped at the man. “Manhattan.”
“I’m really fine, Barton,” Tony continued to argue, even as he stripped to put on the new clothes. “After all, I didn’t take an unscheduled bath in the river today.”
We still make them. And they still hurt.
is going to stand in my way.”
It was good to know that the man was getting a kick out of Tony almost having a heart attack.
Tony looked away, opting to play with Steve’s fingers instead. “There was a bomb,” he started. “I used it to my advantage.”
“He’d have gone whether or not I gave him permission. Better just try and get him to keep his head on straight.”
“Barnes!”
Don't worry, many explanations are coming in the next chapter, so hang in there!
So he did. And now it was happening again.
“We need to talk.”
“-interrupt for an important bulletin. A high-speed pursuit between the NYPD and armed gunmen is underway, traveling northbound on Maiden Lane.”
“Here?” Tony asked. “You’re going to sweep me off my feet in the middle of the boondocks of Illinois?”
“Subtle,” she said.
Tony rolled his eyes. “The potential merger deal? Don’t tell me you didn’t read the schedule,” he said with false dramatics.
By the time Thor was finished, Steve could see the man struggle to hold on to consciousness, his head, moving to each side before flopping down into his chest. Steve gave Thor a nod when the other man looked at him, giving him the go ahead to remove the gag.
Steve sighed softly. He knew Natasha had made the right call. SHIELD was compromised; that meant everything had to go. But Steve found himself wondering if they were ready for the backlash. But not right now. That was a problem for another day. There were more pressing matters, like-
“Why would they? You didn’t think you were that high up on the totem pole, did you?” Barton responded. “It doesn’t matter. We need to get you out of here; my boss isn’t done with you.”
Oh my God we finally made it; the boys are back together.
“Obie, I- ”
“Exactly,” Fury agreed.
Looking back, he could see agents scrambling around, trying to catch them, but they were no match for Barton’s speed.
Rhodey hummed, bending down to pick up the gun that Steve had dropped when he’d basically jumped Tony. “My flight’s not until tomorrow. I’m sure I can pencil it in.”
Tony Stark should have remained a stranger.
I already had my 'oh shit' moment as I was writing this, knowing I'd be leaving you with this cliffhanger. But, what else is new. I've accepted my role as Satan, and I hope you can forgive me. So, enjoy? (laughs nervously as I back away towards the closest door)
Look where that had gotten them.
“I know, but it just got me thinking, you know,” Bucky trailed off, giving Steve another look, like he wasn’t sure what Steve was going to say in response. “Maybe you should take a break.”
had her phone out before they left the store. Knowing Steve’s luck, it’ll be trending by later today.
“So? Well, you’re my boss, and we’re dancing, and I’m in this ridiculous dress.”
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Alright then, hot shot, let’s see you do it!”
Tony chuckled to himself as he slipped over to his computer, tapping away to bring up the location. JARVIS brought it up without a single command, and as he reached below the desk, Tony pulled out his padded suitcase that he originally brought the computer in, and slipped the tech and the acquired location inside. He grabbed the suitcase and dragged it back into the office, rummaging through the desk until he found some spare clips from his new,
Steve thought, stomach dropping. He’s barely had time to grieve the loss of the rest of The Commandos, and now Steve was going to drop this bomb on him.
They’d done it, and Steve got to wake up every morning and remind himself that it wasn’t another life.
“You’ve hardly touched your food. Do you want me to get you something else?”
“That was a spring break well spent,” Tony smiled. “You have to admit, they were pretty cool.”
By the time Steve’s gaze fell to his feet, a whole network of spider web cracks had emanated from the bullet hold, the ice lurching and groaning under the stress of Steve’s weight. Steve tried to move back, but the fast shift caused the ice to split right down the middle, the blonde forcing himself to freeze before he caused any more disruptions.
Thor knelt down next to the little girl. “Go on; tell him what you told me.”
“Steve, wait!”
Steve blushed.
“Bed,” Tony gasped, pushing back into Steve.
“I’ve never been more sure about anything else, Pepper. I have a responsibility to see this through. For my family.”
“What about Stark?”
Natasha rolled her eyes at the two of them. “
Tony nodded slowly, his eyes softening in understanding. “No one should have control of you but yourself.” Tony grabbed at Steve’s hands, pulling him back down onto the mattress.
“Well, Stark ran off with the computer holding all of the other potential HYDRA locations,” Sam sighed. “Looks like we’re back to square one.”
Tony tried to take another step forward. “Steve, please.”
this not be home. For a large part of his life, this was all he had, but it was also all he wanted. How he’d ended up in New York, how he ended up calling New York
And then, silence. The pounding was gone. There was just Steve.
Clint pressed his ear closer to the door, but there was just nothing. Oh wait. There it was. A small hitch of breath. Clint bit his lip, taking a chance to crack the door open to peek inside.
“Is that everyone?” Sam was waiting at the bottom of the stairs, another two men slung over his shoulders.
“Never heard of you.”
really, but Steve listened to every word, taking in every second with the man that he loved. Eventually Tony dropped off to sleep, curled into Steve’s chest.
Tony flipped him off as his friend sauntered from the room.
“Where does it burn? T-there’s some cream here I can put on,” Steve managed to stammer out.
kind of face.
When he felt the slight give of his hole as he pressed Steve back in, Tony sank down, letting gravity do the rest. He was lying if it didn’t feel like Steve’s member had grown two sizes since it had last been in, the new angle exceedingly ruthless on him. But it was immediately worth it, seeing Steve clench his eyes shut, head thrown back in a silent scream.
Steve tried not to soften at Tony’s admission; every time Tony uttered those words would turn Steve’s insides to goop. It was also a dirty trick, and Steve saw right through it. “Nice try,” Steve smiled, dropping a kiss on Tony’s scowl. “We’re doing it. And taking a picture at each one.”
“That man ruined my life. He’s trying to ruin yours. I won’t let that happen.” Steve turned back around to face Tony. “I just want to live my thirty years in peace. That’s all. I want my life back. He took it; and I’m going to get it back.”
“Go to bed, kids. You’ve still got school tomorrow.”
Natasha shot him a dirty look. “You two can’t be in there. You’re letting him get to your head; we’re not gonna get anywhere like this.”
Barnes surveyed the frozen wasteland. “There!” he shouted, pointing in the distance. Sure enough, Steve’s familiar figure stood out against the white ice, standing with who Tony assumed to be The Red Skull.
He walked back to his office slowly, his thoughts heavy. He trusted that Obie would get the job done, but he could only pray that he get it done it time. He cracked open the door to his office slowly, intent on calling Pepper when the sudden burst of activity on his security man’s radio stopped him.
“He’ll kill the other two first. Put off dealing with me.”
Steve stood in the lower bowels of the speakeasy, staring at an unconscious Loki. The man had a nasty head wound, blood dripping down his pale skin. He had been bound to a chair, positioned directly under the singular hanging light bulb.
The voice was slurred, as if drunk, and Steve turned in time to see his third favorite Tony face – nose scrunched with lips in an adorable pout, and sleepy eyes that blinked awake. The brunette rubbed a hand over his face before turning to look at Steve, a look still so soft and open that if Steve didn’t know any better, it would be impossible for him to believe that this was the same man who ruthlessly reigned over New York’s underground. His fingers twitched for a pencil.
Loki continued to stare blankly at the other man. “You’re HYDRA?”
“Well, Mr. Stark. If you’re going to think of a plan, I suggest you do it fast, because it won’t be long before they bring in another hat. With the head still attached.”
Tony just pulled away, gliding down the few steps from the podium. With a final glance at Steve, he could see the blonde jerk his head to the right, mouthing ‘
Tony closed his eyes, trying to regulate his heartbeat. Somewhere inside, the rational part of his brain was trying to calm the raging storm in his head. The Captain had only known Tony for less than a month; obviously he would have needed a dealer before this shit storm. Tony had never thought twice about it. Maybe it wasn’t even the fact that The Captain and his crew dealt with Asgard, it was just the point of rubbing it in Tony’s face.
But he did. The man just kept smirking into the mirror, like he knew that Steve was watching them. The one thing that he managed to grit out was “Hail HYDRA,” making Steve’s blood boil.
Clint couldn’t help but smile, raising his hands slowly before turning around to meet a familiar face. “What seems to be the problem, Officer?”
By the time the medical team had gotten down to Tony, Steve was inconsolable. It had taken five agents to finally pull him away his husband, and even then, Steve spent the rest of the time trying to get back to him. While Sam had been helping him get a handle on his PTSD, Steve knew that there would be no way anything could save him from this nightmare: Tony lying motionless in a pool of his own blood as Steve sat and watched helplessly.
Tony found himself trekking by the East River, the waves from the water echoing loudly as they pushed to shore. Tony pulled his hat down farther, drawing farther off the main road. Not that it mattered; there was virtually no one out there, but Tony wouldn’t dare let his guard down. It seemed like forever, but he finally managed to find what he was looking for. There, hidden among the shoreline and littered beach was an old storm drain, rusted out and filled with litter that it had managed to catch from the river. With the recent surge of environmental protections, storm sewers like this hadn’t been used to push sewage into the river for years, but even still, no one thought twice when passing it by.
Tony rubbed his head, still throbbing from his latest encounter with Pepper. God, that woman was insatiable. He stepped into the elevator, sighing in gratitude for finally being in solitude.
“Right,” Bucky huffed. “Meat shields, it is.”
“You haven’t been yourself since the incident,” replied Stane.
“I brought my own soldiers, Fury,” Pierce smiled. “They’ll come.”
Steve shook his head. “I haven’t at all,” he confessed. “I had a large target on my back. If I started using them as the SSR did, everyone would figure out who I was in relation to them eventually. I figured it was easier for me to let them collect dust.”
Tony clenched his eyes shut, not wanting to see Clint’s reaction. “But it was my fault. He died because I didn’t wasn’t cooperating.”
Clint put his head in his hands as he lost control of his breathing again.
Rhodey furrowed his brow. “It doesn’t matter. You’re home, now. That’s what counts.”
Barnes faltered with the gun. “Cap, I- ”
Steve did not have time for this. Tony was still in the building, and potentially hurt. He pulled as close as he could to Stark Industries, leveling out with the gaping hole, and flipped on auto pilot. He smashed in the coordinates for the home base, feeling the quinjet start to turn around to head back to base.
Tony huffed dramatically as he looked up from the project in front of him, turning to face Barnes. The man was trailing the outskirts of his workshop, unconsciously walking the perimeter of the glass-walled room. It was like watching a tiger at the zoo, prowling behind his cage; all that power bottled up behind iron bars, just waiting to be released.
“Yinsen?” He tried to grate out. The man mustered up a small smile, his eyes crinkling softly behind his glasses. “Where- ” Tony started again, but Yinsen cut him off.
Pepper looked down at his chest again, then down at her hands. “Oh, no,” she said shortly. “Absolutely not, no way, Tony. You can’t ask me to do this.”
“Shit, shit, shit,” Tony whispered to himself as he jammed the key into the ignition. He could hear The Captain yelling at Barnes to get in the car. Tony saw the two men run towards their own car in his side mirror as he started to pull away.
That's all it took for Tony Stark's world to be turned upside down.
Delmar furrowed his brow. “What?”
Tony’s barb was cut off my Steve’s lips, the man licking back into his mouth. Tony hummed at the comforting familiarity. He jolted when he felt Steve grip his cock, stroking his thumb gently across the tip. Tony moaned, unable to help pushing into the touch, but stopped when the shift of his body caused a pain in his rear, a reminder of Steve’s large finger – fingers, now,
Steve paused, looking at the blood stained floor.
“I know,” Stark replied, finally returning Steve’s smile. Steve just snorted and moved to sit next to the man.
Steve watched as Tony bolted out of the kitchen, no doubt to either head back to his lab or out to SI. He frowned, not liking the fact that Tony got so worked up over the sound from a loaf of bread.
“So?” Tony pushed again.
“Where you off to?”
Steve’s mouth descended onto his wildly, his body sandwiching Tony against the hard surface. Tony tried to keep up, but Steve was frantic, movements jerky and uncoordinated, as if he wasn’t sure where he wanted to be touching Tony most. His mouth dominated Tony’s, each kiss leaving him dizzier than the last. Steve’s breath was warm as it landed on Tony’s skin, his hands gentle but firm, roaming over the length of Tony’s body. It wasn’t long before Tony was able to zone in on another pillar of warmth, radiating against Tony’s hip.
Tony woke up to pounding at the door.
the familiar voice replied.
Steve typed.
That caught Steve’s attention. “Yea, Bucky mentioned it to me. Some new boss in the future?”
Tony shot a hand out to grab Steve’s hip, stopping his movement. Steve’s eyes blew open, pupils blown, but already searching for Tony’s discomfort. Before he could air his concerns, Tony grabbed at Steve’s shoulders and twisted, yanking the man down to the bed, Tony smoothly sliding on top of him.
“What are you thinking?” Pierce smiled.
“Okay,” he said getting ready to go.
Steve didn’t reply, just continued to stare blankly at the ceiling. Natasha curled back up around him, and began stroking his hair, soothing him for the whole hour.
"Well, that was fun," Tony finally said, breathlessly, still flopped against the chair. It was probably subconscious, but Tony swore he could start to feel his body reacting to the new reactor. It was like getting a new battery, literally, and Tony was the Energizer Bunny, rearing to start banging on his drum again.
He had confronted Obie, of course. And Obie had just smiled softly -
Another pause for Tony’s response. “I just told you,” Natasha sighed. “Steve wants you to tell them about the locations. He isn’t going to be pissed at you for spilling the beans.”
“Lucky for us,” Hill continued, “Fury shut down the security measures on the building. It’ll be easy for us to get it. All you have to do is check and make sure all the files are accounted for and your job is done.”
Fresh tears poured over Steve's cheeks. "Why?" he asked brokenly, voice cracking.
Tony frowned. “You on house arrest?”
I sure hope so. One million thanks again to everyone reading; you the real MVP. Remember, I'm always a sucker for comments! I'd love to hear what you think/want.
He could be
It was only when Tony faced off with Barnes that he figured out it was still for show. Tony knew that there was no way that Barnes would let him live if given the option to put a bullet in his brain. It was sheer relief; Tony almost dropped the act right then and there as the weight of the world was lifted from his shoulders. But no, he continued, retreating back to SI.
“I don’t understand,” Sam interjected. “What does this have to do with Tony Stark?”
“Extremis is like living with an active volcano under your skin. The shit even looks like lava, Steve, so
“What’s your excuse,” Sam snapped, shoving him slightly. “You run outta muscle?”
Tony snickered into his hand, flopping to lean against Steve’s chest. Sam waited for the pair to explain themselves.
“Are they?” Tony hissed.
"You may not make the same mistake twice, but that doesn't mean that you didn't make a different one." Tony reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone. "Tracker's built in."
“What?” asked Bucky. “What is it?”
“If I wasn’t going to talk to him, I sure as hell am not saying anything to you, Stark.”
Tony didn’t add.
But then Riley died.
“What about us?”
“How many people have this in their system?”
“What? Tony, no, you can’t- ”
“If we aim them at each other, the beams with join, condensing and collapsing on itself to create a small explosion.”
"Who else could it be? Anyone who made a move against Stark would basically be on a suicide mission," Clint retorted.
“You want to know why I was smiling when we went on that run with Sam?” Steve asked. “Not because you came with, or that you kept up with us. You were wearing those socks Bucky got you for Christmas – you know, the ones with the llamas in sunglasses? You pulled them all the way up so everyone could see and wore them with a pair of holey boxing shoes. You spent the whole run singing incorrect Marvin Gaye lyrics to make Sam crazy and making silly faces at babies in their strollers. The whole time, all I could think was how goddamn funny you were and how much I loved you,” he smiled. “And your grays? I fucking love your gray hairs. I miss them, actually. The ones right by your temples. It’s a reminder that we’re getting older, yes, but we’re getting older
It wasn’t as if Fury’s declaration should have been shocking. It was easy enough to assume that HYDRA managed to find the files – although he still wasn’t sure how yet.
This one, however? This one took the cake.
Phil hummed, shifting around in the bed, trying to get more comfortable. The drugs were seemingly wearing off if the dull throbbing that had bloomed against his side was any indication. “Maybe I wrote one too many parking tickets.”
Steve made a move to grab it, when he heard voices coming from the door. Steve ran into the bathroom just as the men returned. Peeking around the door, Steve saw Rumlow reach back down into his safe and take out more silver.
“Where is he now?”
“No. It’s our way out of here.”
Tony pulled away from Steve. “What? No, I’m not leaving you here.”
How could they have missed this?
“All right, show’s over,” Steve said as he pulled Stark up and brought him into his office. He helped Stark lay down on his couch, ignoring the man’s whining. “I promise Bruce will be here when you wake up,” Steve huffed.
Natasha shot him an unimpressed gaze. “You going to tell me anything I don’t know, or are you just going to whine?”
“It’s Sam,” returned Dugan, nodding to the door. “He’s in there right now with Fury.”
So, it was true. Tony’s accusation. Fury had dabbled with the SSR in the past. To what extent, he had no idea, but maybe Fury was more invested in getting his hands on these files than he thought. Steve nodded numbly, watching as the eye-patched man turn sharply, this trench coat flapping, as he made his way to his own vehicle.
Bucky frowned, pulling into the back alley behind the speakeasy, slipping into a parking spot. Stark had hopped out before the be had put the car in park, Bucky unable to do anything besides trail behind him.
Tony swallowed thickly, eyeing the tree line again. It was beautiful enough to be a postcard. Tony liked to imagine him walking out here each morning to find Steve stretching the view, his golden hair shining in the morning rays of the sun. A stray tear slid down his cheek.
Like when he felt the sun trickling in through his blinds in the morning. It was that first sip of tea pushed gently to him by careful hands, the soothing liquid gliding easily down his throat. It was a soft Russian lullaby, keeping his nightmares at bay. It was a pair of comforting hands on his shoulders; whispers reaching his ears, one offering guidance, the other cracking jokes. It was a laugh, so merry and contagious, that it put Santa Claus to shame. It was a constant presence to his left; a strong force to hold him up whenever he felt like crumbling. It was a soft smile and bright, crinkled eyes, white teeth flashing brightly against a computer’s glow.
The Captain was right. He had to be.
“Sorry,” Tony blurted. “I didn’t mean- ”
Tony sighed, contemplating not telling Steve, but there was no way it wouldn’t bite him in the ass If he didn’t. “It’s a magnet,” he answered simply. There, not a lie.
“Yes,” Hill replied. “Think of it as a bastardized version of the super soldier serum. Once injected, it can rewrite your DNA for enhanced abilities. It you survived the procedure, that is.”
“Can you at least make it look like you attempted to eat this?” Bucky pushed the bowl closer to Steve, who was staring at the wall of pictures in his office, just like he’d done for the past few days. “Come on, man. Nat made this, and if I go back out there with the full meal, she’s gonna kill me. And yes, you heard right.
Steve stared up at the brownstones in front of him. Tony was right about one thing; there was a ton of natural light. He was sure that it would look absolutely stunning for the inside, the floor to ceiling glass looking out over the rest of Brooklyn. Steve would work from a simple easel, looking on recreating the bridge he could see out the window in front of him, his mind quiet, while Tony tapped away on a tablet, soaking up the sun like a cat on a settee with a few potted plants that surrounded him. Bucky would be clanging around in the kitchen, no doubt trying some new recipe he found online. Some of the windows would be open so they could hear the foot traffic down below, but more importantly to catch whiffs of coffee and scones from the shop down the block.
“This is not the time,” Barnes snapped, but he could hear the faint shouts from Wilson on the other side of the phone. Something was very wrong.
“But you came anyway.” The voice was tired, defeated.
“I missed a lot of things about you, Rogers, but your complaining was definitely not one of them,” she said, pushing the rest of her sandwich back his way. He took the hint and sat back down and began picking idly at the crust. “Why did he do it?” she asked. “Fury. Why did he let you go to Tony?”
He’s part of the reason Tony is out here.
“He’s got a point,” Tony replied.
“Not yet. As soon as Tony and Bucky get home, tell them to give you locations on the SSR file drops. Bucky knows where some of them are, and Tony knows how to find the rest. I need you and Barton to check all the local locations and make sure that everything is still there. Understand?”
“You get on a train, you get the hell out of town, you- ”
Tony felt his eyes soften. He understood. If anything, Clint was just another version of himself, constantly weighed down by his failures, trying to prove that he’s not the monster he thinks he is. Tony knew that if anything ever happened to the team, it would destroy him. Wanda’s vision proved that. Clint must have been shattered, thinking that Tony was dead. Tony just about started crying himself when he heard Clint’s quiet mantra of
Tony floundered, chest spasming before he was bringing his other man up, jamming one of Clint’s arrows into his sides. The man screamed in pain, immediately releasing Tony. Tony sucked in a gasp greedily, trying to push himself away. He looked and saw Obie roar, yanking the arrow out of his side. He saw Clint behind him, gauntlet on his uninjured hand.
Natasha tutted quietly, slowly pulling her supporting hand away. Emily made a distressed noise but after catching Natasha’s raised eyebrow, she puffed out her chest and moved her hands to first position with a determined look on her face. The wobble of the supporting leg was still there, but Natasha just focused on the Emily’s chin, growing confidence raising it with each passing second.
“What?” Tony asked. He was too focused on the overwhelming silence in the speakeasy. No chatter, no laughter. There was no TV playing, no grumbled arguments as darts hit the board, no clinking glasses or weapons being cleaned. Logically, Tony knew that this was for show, and that the crew was still somewhere within the building, but being presented with the very thought of being alone without them was enough for a sharp pain to thrum through his chest.
“No, Steve,” Tony huffed. “I’m serious! I’m hot, like
“-eve?” Tony tried again.
Wait, if Rhodey was really here, then that means-
Steve sighed, opting for toast. He couldn’t help but smile softly down at the sliced bread. It was nice to find something familiar. If sliced bread had made it this far, so could Steve.
Steve snorted. “Well, there’s no arguing that.” Steve stepped back, letting the man breathe before charging forward and thrusting the knife into the meat of his thigh.
“The price of comedy,” Tony sighed.
Tony kept stepping back while yelling at a dangerous looking man. One wrong step and Tony ended up on his back.
here. Where are you not?”
“Steve, Tony is pumped full of enough drugs to keep him out of it until tomorrow morning at the earliest.”
While Steve had thought about this moment lots of times, never once had he pictured kissing Tony in the middle of a firefight. In fact, it probably wasn’t a good idea, considering the kiss must have looked downright awful. Steve’s force almost pushed Tony on his ass, the movement causing Steve to catch more chin than mouth. When Tony finally got with the program, their noses bumped and teeth clacked as they tried to press further upon each other. There was no push and pull, just take, take, take, as the two men fought for dominance.
Steve drifted for a while until his brain managed to catch up with him again. It occurred to Steve that Tony had never given him an answer about coming on board to The Commandos.
Steve gaped at the man. “You can’t be serious.”
Steve scoffed at his own thought. He could barely go a day without pissing Stark off; it's not like he was going to stick around after this mess with HYDRA was cleaned up. Steve watched as Bruce wound a tight bandage over the wound, the doctor, nodding at Steve.
The strange alien claiming to be a god. The one who laughed the hardest at times, but remained the most stoic at others.
“At ease, soldier,” Bucky said, grabbing his gun, tugging it down.
Steve just rolled his eyes, making a beeline for Tony, only stopping once his hands got close enough to wrap around his hips.
“God forbid we double check,” Bucky replied with a huff.
life! It’s about the future, it’s about Peggy- ”
Bucky nodded. “Want me to follow?”
Coulson sighed. “The FBI.”
The Captain hummed, but didn’t say more on the matter, most likely mulling it over in his head.
Steve sighed, sitting down on one of the long benches by the office. Rumlow took a seat across from him.
-------------------------
Clint beamed again, charging past Thor. “Tell everyone! I know where to find them!”
“Home?”
And everything had gone right on track. The public bought the bullshit, Tony successfully leaking the files. The actual ‘response’ to the plan? Not so much.
Tony blasted off, heading back up to the destroyed office.
“Are you mad?”
Without a response, the woman was gone, closing the door behind her.
A sigh.
“Smart move,” Tony replied, smiling into his glass. Another silence fell over the two men. Tony sighed. “Alright, Barnes. You have my attention. Why are you really here?”
“You can, and you will,” Tony finished, pulling away and leading everyone back into the main room. “It’s the safest place we could be right now, and you know it. There’s a sewer entrance as well, most likely used for smuggling in beer, if you don’t want to walk through the store. I’ve outfitted every entrance with fingerprint scans as well; there is no way anyone can get in who doesn’t belong. Oh, and JARVIS will keep an eye on things.”
The other brunette rolled his eyes. “You can’t be serious.”
“I don’t need your pity, Stark,” Barton snapped.
“Well, I guess we better not give him any time to finish then,” replied Natasha, glancing over at Tony.
“What if he got trigger happy?!”
Steve roared, watching as his hand twisted the knife into the other man's arm.
Clint snorted, turning around. “I would watch what you say about old men with hair like that.”
“Wait for me,” Steve whispered against his lips. “I’ll be there.”
“Tony,” Obie sighed. “We’re a team, you and I. I’ve stood beside you for years, and never blinked an eye. I even stood by your drunk ass when you busted into a board meeting and tried to demonstrate your rocket powered roller blades.”
Sam shook his head but dutifully backed towards the door, stopping the music from drifting out of his phone as he walked by. “I’ll be back later,” he promised to Steve before slipping outside. A heavy silence weighed between the two that were left, Steve feeling his heartbeat pick up. He hadn’t seen Hill like this. Not since Fury died. Well, Fury didn’t really die, so that face could mean anything. Somehow, that made it a lot worse.
“I would be careful, Mr. Stark,” replied Raza. “My men don’t have the same restraint I do.”
Tony pulled away, shuddering at the cold space that now surrounded him. He shrugged, disassociating. “I should’ve known. I should have seen this, but I was so blind. Not anymore,” he vowed. “I’m going to kill him myself.”
“Come now, brother. Your warriors need your guidance.”
Tony leaned away from Bucky’s arm, putting his tools down. “Anyone hurt?”
“What about him?” Steve frowned.
Steve sighed, finally turning around to face his companion. Bucky was leaning against the other shelf, shooting Steve a dirty look. “What are you complaining about?” Steve asked.
Stark huffed out a laugh, but Steve managed to see a faint blush. “You’re welcome, asshole,” he groaned.
Steve furrowed his brow. “I don’t understand.”
“No, no one said anything," Tony answered sullenly, looking down at his hands. "I already knew.”
The blonde clenched his jaw, his arms crossing. “Did you want something or did you just come here to taunt me?”
Steve leaned farther over Tony, his tears falling from his cheeks to mix with the blood on the floor. Peter was wailing now, as if he himself felt the anguish his father was in. He could hear footsteps, the sounds of the medical team rushing to his side.
Loki flashed him a shark like grin. “Intimidation won’t work on me, Pierce. Besides, both us know that I’m not the one who should be afraid.”
It would be just his luck that he ran into Steve. Literally.
“Tony,” Clint breathed. “Is that?”
“Your way will just give us another dead body!”
“It smells,” Pepper whined.
“Tony?” Steve would be a few feet away by now.
“Do what?” Steve asked, tilting his head in confusion.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “He was here?” He turned toward Clint. “Grab some people and search the perimeter. He couldn’t have gotten far.”
Clint furrowed his brow. “Why would HYDRA do that?”
Obie had said.
“Or it’s a trap,” Bucky cut in.
“I don’t care; it’s too risky. Until we have a better handle on our current situation, we need to lay low. That means,” Steve continued, looking at Dugan, “no more bar fights. No more flirting with government officials or disasters like in Budapest,” he said, flicking an eye from Sam, to Clint and Nat. “And that definitely means no drunken displays at Coney Island.”
“Just wanted to see if you needed anything,” Sam answered defensively. “When was the last time you ate? Slept?”
“And who the hell are you?”
Clint was cut off my Steve pulling his gun out and shooting the two prisoners between the eyes.
Tony slammed his knee on the underside of the dash when he jumped straight off his seat. “Fuck!” he shouted, moving his hands to cup his leg, while his head snapped around to the back of the car. “You need to stop doing that; my heart literally can’t take it.”
well, should never have happened.
Steve smirked. “Lucky bastard.”
he thought, looking back at Coulson. Tony bit his lip, chastising himself, as he felt another rage boiling for an entirely different reason. “Who took you?” he asked, clenching his fists. “Who took you, Phil? Tell me, and I promise you that they won’t make it to see tomorrow’s sunrise.”
And if it was bad for Tony, it would be absolutely dreadful for Steve. Steve had confided some of his deepest secrets to Tony after they had gotten together. Things that Tony wanted to forget every day. Like the fact that because of the super solider serum, Steve didn’t get knocked straight into unconsciousness when the plane crashed. That he sat there, under a fallen beam, trapped, just waiting. Watching as the ice slowly formed around his body, the cold seeping into his bones. Wondering when he would take his last breath.
It was a question that Steve had asked himself many-a-times in this century, but like always, he never had an answer for himself. All he could do now was hope he still had enough to pick up the pieces and move forward. He briefly caught Bucky’s gaze, the other man praying the same thing.
Tony whirled around, gasping in relief as he saw Clint crawl towards him, one arm cradled against his chest, definitely broken.
Barnes blinked up at him sluggishly, his eyes barely focused enough to lock onto Tony’s. “Steve?”
“He was singing,” Bucky whispered. “It was muffled through the sack, but I could hear the tune.
“Steve,” he whispered brokenly as Tony's body stilled. “My name is Steve Rogers.”
It wasn’t surprising that Romanoff was the one to speak up. That woman knew everything. “I’ve heard whispers. Just a shadow that deals with the Ten Rings.”
“Why?” Tony snapped, glaring back at The Captain. “Even if HYDRA is still out there, why is that my issue? They never made a move against me once. You, on the other hand, are in big trouble. This is your problem, not mine.”
Tony’s stomach clenched. It didn’t matter what he said; he could use any and every excuse under the sun and he would still lose. His eyes fluttered open, meeting Steve’s gaze. There it was again. That look.
“So testy,” Loki smiled. It looked even more terrifying with the new look that he’d been sporting. His face was ragged, hair in a tangled mess. His clothes were dirty, almost stale looking, no doubt from being locked in the same room for weeks. It just made him look more menacing. “I said I couldn’t help you in here. I can help you if you let me go.”
“Hi,” the man answered, quirking a smile, as if nothing were wrong.
“- I repeat. All units, we have a 10-55, now confirmed at Stark Industries- ”
Wake up. Go to the factory. Kill the target. Dispose of the body. Eat at the diner. Get the serum. Hit the club. Repeat.
Tony took another swig of his drink. “I think a lot of people out there would disagree with you, Barnes.”
Tony clenched his jaw, whipping around to face the ghost. “You have no idea what you’ve done.”
“And why do we own these buildings on said street?” Bucky asked, looking up at their new purchases. “I mean, Steve and I could just paint and cook at the tower.”
“You alright in there?”
Clint shrugged. “I should’ve as well.”
Steve found himself smiling, letting out an exasperated huff.
"Are we sure about this?"
“If anything happens to you, I can’t- ”
“No need, hot shot, I got this. Alright, J, let’s do this.” Steve watched as both Tony and the suit lifted the concrete slab over their heads and chuck it to the side, as if it weighed nothing more than a sack of potatoes. Tony then grabbed remaining chunks of structural rebar onto the pile of rubble without a second glance. “We good, J?”
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Well, I’m almost sorry too.” Tony rushed forward, pulling the WD 40 out from his back pocket aiming right at Barnes’s gun. The oil spray coated the gun and Barnes’s hand quickly, the other man cursing as he tried to pull his gun away.
“Cute,” said Clint. “What happened to scheduled visits, huh?”
The Captain had sighed.
It was said quietly, but it still shattered through the ominous silence like a freight train.
Natasha sighed. They were no closer to getting to Loki’s scepter. The boys’ usual ‘let me prove how manly I am by berating you to a pulp’ interrogations were proving fruitless.
“What are you saying?” asked Steve.
“Says the man who dragged me all the way out to this hellhole to ask a question he already knows the answer too.”
he thought wildly, his eyes immediately opening in the murky water. The blonde had jumped right next to him, but Steve didn’t exactly have the best track record with the river. Someone must have been smiling down on him, however, as his hands brushed against Steve’s side almost immediately.
“Nat, what the hell?” She found herself faced with an angry Clint and Tony.
“You’re just realizing that you aren’t just living for you anymore. It’ll take a while to get used to, trust me. It’s like any other addiction; the first step is admittance,” joked Tony with a small chuckle.
Sure enough, the last of Hammer’s men was taking off down the stairs to the exit.
,” Bruce agreed. “There’s no bullet and no exit wound.”
Tony’s eyes were red, his voice raw with emotion. Steve wanted nothing more than to bundle him up tightly and bring him back to bed, to shield him from all of their problems. How had this happened again? He had been so focused on Tony’s health that he didn’t step back and realize that the medicine
The man hung up his phone, and ran a hand through his dark locks. In doing so, he made it more disheveled, but somehow even more perfect. His black hair accented his tanned skin, vacant from a single blemish. And his eyes. Steve was immediately transfixed with those piercing brown eyes, almost like molten amber; the kind of eyes that could take anything apart with a single look. Of course, his look was not complete with perfectly trimmed beard, encasing a confident smirk. Steve knew that smirk anywhere.
“This place is huge,” mused Sam.
Tony could almost feel the whiplash. But none of it mattered when blue eyes met brown. Distantly, a gun clattered to the floor but Tony could barely hear it over his heart pounding in his chest, his veins singing.
“So I’ve been told.” There was that smile again.
“Tony, Tony, you can’t afford to be this naïve.”
“Yeah,” he smiled. But when Tony leaned in to seal the kiss, Steve shot a hand up, pressing his chest back. “If you came to bed last night,” he finished. “Or the night before, or the night before that, or the- ”
Steve looked at Tony, both men nodding their head in agreement. “Done.”
He chose his steps wisely, all while his sharp eyes scanned the rubble. The small fires that remained attacked Clint’s lungs, but he didn’t let that deter his search. There was no way that he was leaving here without Tony.
And, not that Tony would ever admit, this switch was almost necessary. The original reactor was clunky, a constant weight on his chest that each breath jostled. And while Bruce had told him it would take him a while to get used to his diminished lung capacity, he knew it was more than that. Each day drained more and more from him, the power source seemingly taking energy straight from him. And as exhausted as he was, each night he lay awake with no rest in sight. Laying on his back resulted in wheezing gasps for air as he tried to breath around the crushing mass resting on his chest. But he couldn’t turn over, as the bulky cylinder stuck out from his chest just enough to catch on clothes and leave him unable to lay on his stomach. Every night ended up with him curled in the fetal position on the edge of the bed, shock still, and without a restful sleep.
Tony breathed deeply, weighing their options.
“Guys, come on- ”
listen to me!”
Tony shook his head. Steve swallowed around another wave of grief passed that through him. Instead, he plastered on a smile and walked over to Tony. “Here, I’ll teach you how to make them. You’re going to love ‘em. I’ve never been able to manage a double decker S’more, but that engineering degree you have might actually come in handy for once.”
“Okay,” Steve said, checking over his work one final time. “We’re ready to go.” He shook the negative thoughts from his head and opened Tony’s door. The man was slumped as far down in his seat as he could, his upper body contorted like a pretzel for his legs to stretch out and press against the glass of the windshield. Steve had fussed at him multiple times about putting his shoes on the dash, so he took this, along with the smug look on Tony’s face, as a silent retaliation for having to wait. “You are such a child,” he snorted.
“You kidnapped your own CEO?” Pierce asked, gaping at the man.
Clint took off down the alleyway, charging straight into the street. Horns blared, but the man refused to move, standing his ground as a car came to a screeching halt in front of him.
“Some random guy comes in to the station claiming that Tony Stark is missing. You think they’re going to accept that without asking questions? They’re going to want to know how you know, what your connection is to Tony, and where you were when he was missing. We have no cover story for you. How long before they match you with Joseph Grant?”
"But-but that wasn't me!" Loki cried, jumping up to rush to the bars separating them. "It couldn't have been. I was still escaping The Commandos' compound!"
“All this fuss over a stolen truck?”
“Yes, Sir. It seems that there are signatures coming from each of the entrances to the warehouse.”
Phil’s lips tugged into a smile. “It's hard. I mean, I know what you guys do. I hear it when the reports come through the precinct. It’s tough not knowing when I wake up every morning if that will be the last one I have with him. Sometimes I just want to lock him in the house, but that man is just too damn stubborn. I just have to trust that he knows what he’s doing.”
But Tony didn’t have that. Tony just had a voice on the phone telling him to stop asking. Steve tightened his hold on Tony, cradling him against his chest, listening to his steady heartbeat sync with his own. “Never again,” he whispered fiercely into Tony’s ear.
That’s when he saw her. Chocolate brown eyes with equally dark hair shown in the dim lights of the bar. She stared right at Steve, lips curving into a small smile.
Steve remembered cradling her lifeless body against his, sobbing into soft hair, cheek pressed against chilled skin. He remembered porcelain skin, lips stained the same color as her blood, and eyes – eyes once bright and full of life gone, clouded by a dull substitute.
Steve sighed. “Bucky, you know what I’ve done to you all this past month. I wasn’t worth- ”
“Don’t be like that,” Tony replied with a roll of his eyes. “I know you miss him.”
Tony felt Clint scratch the top of his head. “Whatever you say, Mom,” he whispered. Tony barely heard the man slip through the door before he was already out.
“Tony,” Steve hissed, ears going red. “Not in public.”
Over the phone, The Monger managed to sound even more menacing than usual. However, his calm and controlling voice was doing Pierce no favors today.
“And who do you suspect?”
“No!” Tony cut him off sharply. “It’s not that,” he reassured, giving Steve’s knuckles a quick kiss. “We’ve had this conversation already – you’re the only person left that has to forgive yourself for that.”
“You don’t have a choice,” answered Yinsen.
“I’m just saying, if I have to get called out to the field in the middle of the game, at least they could have made it difficult,” drawled Clint, collapsing on the plush couch in front of him.
“I can’t see what you throw together next time.”
“It’s just something that will have to tide us over until Tony and I come up with a better plan,” said Steve. “We’ll be able to keep tabs on each other, even though we’re… not at home.”
“Well, usually, I’d make you take me to dinner first,” chided Steve, looking down at how they were positioned.
Steve felt his knees give out, the man falling to the ground with a loud crack.
“Must be my Brooklyn charm,” Steve smirked.
“You bat people around like a ball of yarn until they leave you alone,” Bucky answered, crossing his arms. “God forbid you let anyone in when something’s bugging you.”
Natasha spun around, but Clint wasn’t met with anger. Just a curious stare, which of course pissed him off further. Natasha cocked her head to the side. “You’re upset; you should go see Phil.”
“You mentioned it once,” Steve lied. “When you were all drugged up.”
“What
“Who?” Natasha questioned.
Natasha ignored the voice and assembled it in silence. She cut in half before bringing it over to the kitchen table and glaring down at the sandwich that looked as sad as she felt. Taking a bite was just as unsatisfying. Natasha threw it back down on the plate, gaze shifting to the refrigerator, where she knew she had a bottle of wine chilling. She’d barely put her hand on the fridge handle before shouts sounded from the other side of her door, in the hallway.
But Bucky didn’t hear him finish as he found himself staring down at his left arm. Or where his left arm should have been.
-------------------------
“Of course. Come on, grab his other arm.” Both Tony and Barnes reached down, grabbing Steve by each of his arms.
“Ward, you and I both watched as an ambulance picked him up on scene and drove off with him," Pierce hissed. "He can’t have disappeared; he has to be around here somewhere.”
The man sent Clint a blank stare. He was dressed casually, thick work pants with flannel that would make him as distinguishable as every other man in the surrounding 100 miles. His stance, however, always gave away his hand. The air of superiority followed him with every step, his gait firm and practiced.
He had been happy with Tony. If only he had move time with him. Get to tell Tony that he loved him at least one more time. Get to hold him in his arms one last time.
Steve walked over to the window, finding himself staring down at the main room of the speakeasy. The windows were high enough up that it got overlooked from the ground floor, but still managed to give a vantage point for the entire bar. “I guess whoever was in charge back in the day wanted to keep an eye on the guests,” said Tony, walking up alongside him. “I thought you’d appreciate being able to do the same.”
Rogers sucked in a tight breath. “Tony, I- ”
Bright flames seared into his memory, his sharp eyes taking in every blaze. But he didn’t look away; Clint refused to look away.
“Are you nuts?” Tony hissed. “What the fuck is wrong with you? How could you squeal on the family like that?”
Tony shoved Coulson out of his grip, stomping a few steps away. He couldn’t look at look at him, couldn’t
Tony bit his lip. “Where we should get dinner?”
He picked Steve up, and well, saved him really. Said that if Steve was going to start over, he would as well. Picked up odd jobs when they weren’t at school. Anything to keep them afloat until their new life changed forever.
Clint smirked, already disassembling his bow. “I’d like to see that asshole be able to fire a gun after that.”
“Uhh, yes. Yes, I do. And unfortunately for you, I am
“What’s it to you?” he grumbled, going back to fiddling with the part.
we do?”
Tony frowned. “And what about you?”
“It happened to you, it doesn’t have to happen to me! You got a picture, let me see her! Show me the picture and as soon as I see her, I’ll take off in the other direction. I’ll marry someone else! She’ll be safe; she’ll be out of your memories then. Just give her up.”
He risked another glance at Tony, relieved to see the other man was smiling. “You remembered that, huh?”
Leaving Barnes at the sewer, Tony staggered along the river walk, thanking every deity when he ran into a jogger.
Another chuckle.
But Steve was here.
It was over.
Steve looked away from Tony, sitting up, winging his legs over the far side of the bed.
“No, man! Treachery just said that things will come together like they should. We each know what we need to; we can’t risk giving information into the wrong hands.”
Steve snorted, looking back at the lab entrance. His phone chimed again.
“A nice sentiment, Barton, but you shouldn’t have gotten involved.”
It was late, and there was a steady breeze, but Steve wasn’t cold, feeling Tony lay next to him in the bed of the truck, surrounded by pillows and blankets. Dinner was somewhat undercooked, and dessert was a disaster, but Steve never remembered smiling as much as he did.
Or like now, where Tony was almost chastising himself, each nervous jerk of his hands a negative reinforcement as he pushed himself to find a solution. It was as if his brain was shouting at Tony clearly in the room.
Steve roared, surging up to wrap his arms around Tony, securing him in his waist. Tony’s own wrapped around the back of Steve’s neck, holding on for dear life. He pushed down as hard as he could, meeting Steve’s desperation. The wildfire in him was burning, out of control, and Tony just took it, letting his body be covered in flames.
“Captain Rogers is not available at this time, but he did leave you a voice message.”
“And we care why?”
“You are ridiculous,” Steve laughed, leaning down to kiss his smirk away. “Wanna feel it again?”
It was well written, if Clint said so himself. There were a lot of theories buzzing around on who started the massive fire on Mr. Davidson’s farm – none of which pointed to Clint; he was no amateur. That being said, people out here loved nothing more than gossip, and current theories ranged from a group of local drunken teenagers to another alien visit. That’s right, another. The alien idea was surprisingly popular – part of the reason that Clint liked the news story so much. When Clint had read about the startingly large amount of people that thought this was a sign of an alien apocalypse, it had him in stitches, a printout of the article proudly displayed on his fridge.
Rogers smiled to himself, and quickly printed the results.
Steve.
Most of SI’s main floor had been blasted, the glass walls shattered. He could see FBI agents sheltered behind cars for cover, each popping a few shots off at an unseen target. “Hey!” Tony yelled.
“No, it’s not pity!” Tony tried to interject. “I’m just saying that- ”
Steve watched as Clint then slid over to the officer, smiling softly. “Phil?” Clint tried to get the man’s attention, but Coulson only had eyes for Steve. He was out of breath; who knows how far Coulson ran to get here. He looked flustered, putting Steve on edge. Coulson doesn’t get flustered. And he sure as hell wouldn't be caught walking around the base of The Commandos in broad daylight. Something wasn’t right.
Romanoff looked between the two of them, giving a small smile when both men kept their mouths shut. “I’m glad we had this talk. Now that that’s out of the way, let’s deal with this.” She pointed back to the man in the chair, but shot her arms out when the other two men stepped towards the chair. “Oh no. We’re doing it
“Looking forward to it.”
” Steve quoted. “That’s not my point, Tony. I just- ”
He saw Steve smile as he hopped into the passenger seat. The drive back to the speakeasy was silent, but comfortable. Tony couldn't keep the sappy smile off his face as Steve grabbed one of his hands about halfway through the drive, gently rubbing shapes into his skin. Tony parked a few blocks away, opting to walk the last few leaning against the hard plane of Steve's warm body.
This was his future. A future with Tony. A bright and shining life with his best friend by his side in the field, and lover curled up next to him at home.
Tony stared at the door, guards shouting on the other side as they started to thump against it. “Good point.”
“Mrs. Danowitz,” Bucky started, but was cut off.
The Captain stared at Tony, and for a few tense moments Tony thought he was done for. But with a flash, The Captain’s cool demeanor returned and he brought his gun down, tucking it back in the hem of his pants.
Steve brought a hand up, wiping at an errant tear that Tony hadn’t notice slip down his cheek. Tony sniffled, giving Steve a final once over. “Go save the world, hot shot,” he croaked, tucking the key into Steve’s breast pocket. “Dinner is at 7:00,” he added, tapping a hand over where the key sat. “So, don’t you dare be late.”
Steve groaned, and quickened his pace, rounding the last corner before coming up to his apartment complex. Complex being the polite term, as it looked more like it belonged in the ruins of Chernobyl instead of the heart of Brooklyn.
came Clint’s screech.
“He want to rub everything in our face?”
Coulson hopped up, standing between the two of them. “You and Pietro can go now, Mr. Stark. I’m sorry for the trouble.”
When Steve was little, he would wake up every morning, rising with the sun, and crawl out his bedroom window. The fire escape was rusty and old, but that didn’t stop the small blonde from scurrying up to the roof of the apartment complex each day.
his brain played on a mantra as he fumbled with the last few buttons. It wasn’t the first instance that Steve had gotten caught up in hero work, but today was the one day where that couldn’t happen. And it did anyway.
“You have no one to blame but yourself,” Steve responded. “No one’s forcing you to buy that crap, let alone buy it at every single station we stop at.”
“Fine,” Tony relented. “I’ll, uh, go pack up some things, and head over for the night.”
Steve wasn’t expecting that. It wasn’t supposed to be this easy. Tony Stark was never one to walk away from a fight. He'd once seen the man bicker with a hotdog vendor over the quantity of napkins he was given. “Fine?”
He sprinted to the nearest corner, pay phone in sight. He didn’t have any change on him, but that didn’t matter because he didn’t know any of The Commando’s numbers by heart anyway. That didn’t mean he didn’t know where he could find help, however. Tony quickly picked up the receiver and smashed 0.
“Tony, I’ve been looking for you everywhere, you scared me half to death!” Steve reached for him and Tony didn’t have a chance to blink before he was wrapped up in familiar arms. “Are you hurt?” Steve continued. “Did anyone touch you? Tony, talk to me, sweetheart- ”
Tony spun around to face the older man. “Well, I’m just assuming you were yelling at me for something.”
“Because he knows how much we don’t trust the guy,” answered Bucky. “Because he’s actually considering something Loki has to offer.”
“Not without finding Pepper,” Tony murmured, continuing his search.
Steve rolled his eyes but still looked amused as he leaned down to give Tony a long kiss. “Good morning,” he said as he finally pulled away.
Fury let out a deep sigh. “I see Stark has been rubbing off on you.”
“I don’t understand.”
Steve finally pulled into the driveway as the sun was just starting to dip behind the neighborhood’s houses. A pounding headache throbbed against his skull, his ears still ringing from the incessant car horns and screeching tires of rush hour.
“So, just passing through?” he asked. “Taking in the natural splendor that is Arkansas?”
Time passed. Maybe. Maybe time doesn’t pass for the dead.
The agent shot him a dirty stare. “I’m investigating. I’m not sure if you’ve heard, but this is an active crime scene.”
Will be changing be handle to just_another_cliffhanger. (Just trying to lighten the mood with the dad jokes. Don't hate me.)
“Did you kill him?”
“All of you? Why do you get out of meeting with Nicky?” Tony retorted.
“Pierce leaving this building is not an option,” she said. She eyed the agent posted in the door, watching him scroll through his phone with a bored expression, clearing uninterested with the other occupants in the room.
“And you’re the one who told me I should do something! That I should do what I think is right, not what Steve tells me; especially when that fucker is about to do something dumb. Well, this is me, doing something.”
The blonde’s hair was disheveled, eyes wide and red-rimmed, covered in-
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve pinched his nose with his fingers. With a small groan, he started to make his way back to the exit, until Bucky pulled him down another hallway.
"I could not pinpoint your exact location of meeting with The Captain because you kept traveling past the last available footage. The Captain picked his spot wisely, Sir."
Tony sighed.
Two bodies, slumped against each other lay right in front of the main doors. Their pristine clothing and white lab coats were almost indistinguishable underneath the river of blood that surrounded them. A flash of plastic against the sun had Tony noticing the SI badges the two currently wore. The damage that was done was immeasurable; Tony wouldn’t be able to figure out who they were if he tried. In between the two lay a sign, hand written in blood. Tony felt his knees buckle, The Captain’s strong arms barely catching him in time as he read the sign.
“You better have a good reason for coming in here, Barton,” Steve sneered.
Under public pressure and the financial burden of an ever mounting series of lawsuits, the government initiated a superhero relocation program. The Supers were granted amnesty from responsibility for past actions in exchange for the promise to never again resume hero work.
Steve clenched his jaw.
“Yeah,” Clint conceded.
“What the hell?” hissed Pierce.
Tony ignored him. He held his repulsor up high, a faint whine sounding as it charged. “Now!” he yelled. There was a split second before he saw a flash of bright light, Clint’s beam heading straight towards him. But it never hit, Tony’s own beam meeting in the middle.
“You heard me. You can’t tell them you saw me.”
Steve was sat at the edge of the bed, head down in defeat, rubbing at his hands nervously. “Hey, there,” Tony greeted.
“A nightmare waiting to happen,” she added.
Steve's chest lurched at Clint's tone. He didn't want to ask; he'd
It wasn’t Clint.
But he had managed to eventually find a familiar tower in the skyline, The Captain and his problems slipping farther away.
Tony moved his head minutely against his chest. "Hmm?"
Fury looked stunned. “You do realize what you’d be giving me? You, your company; as soon as word gets out about this, it might all be over.”
But Tony wasn’t listening anymore.
“Sam?” Steve asked, stepping out of the kitchen. “You alright?”
Fury frowned, running a finger over his bottom lip. “Nothing of use,” he admitted. “We know he’s a supplier. We have reports of him dealing with New York’s worst, but we can’t get close to ID’ing him, because anyone who can is already dead.”
Clint nodded, already pushing Tony towards the door. The run back down the stairs was slower; Clint’s gash slowing him down as well as Tony’s shaky legs. When they reached the bottom floor, the men stopped.
Fury was not going to be happy.
The Captain huffed out a breath. “We’ve heard a few rumors. Not a lot, just a tip here and there, but it was enough to… catch my curiosity.”
Now that was another problem. Steve had promised to never let Tony out of his sight again, and now it was their first time back in the field since the last incident, and Steve had already managed to put Tony in danger.
Clint had learned early on that the Captain didn’t have a fight or flight response. No, Steve had the fight
“It’s my handler,” Clint said. “Stay inside and stay away from the windows.”
Despite Barnes’s calm demeanor, Tony broke off with a shout, his face almost bright red from exertion. He knew Barnes had it out for him, but this was just insane. They were on the same side here; why the hell were they still fighting?
He had spent days going over the entire scene in his head, torturing himself over and over agin to find something,
"Why am I not surprised? Sure, you might be right. HYDRA is probably still out there. But what you've forgotten is that I didn't care the first time they were around, and I sure didn't want to care now. It was never my problem! But you've just made it my problem." Tony broke off, thinking of Happy's still form. The Captain just stared back at him. "What, nothing to say? HYDRA never once came after me, but now all of a sudden they're attacking me and my people. And why is that? Maybe because some fucking airhead decided that I could help dismantle them a second time. Someone knew you met with me, Captain. And now they think I'm working with you. They should be after you, but
While Clint thought that The Commandos were some of the strongest people he'd ever met, he knew that each of them suffered from the same weakness: each other. It wasn't as if it was an easy fix - Clint knew that they were stronger together, but he would be blind to see that it couldn't be used as their biggest downfall. It was strange, as when they'd first collected as thieves and murders, it would have been laughable to Clint that he would consider them family, let alone trust them. But here he was, years later, so interwoven with the rest of the group that now he couldn't imagine leaving any of them behind. Steve was not immune to this affliction; recent events solidified that he was in the same boat as the rest of them: he would do anything to protect them.
A sharp knock on the door alerted both of the men, Maria Hill quietly stepping through the threshold.
Bucky blinked. “I’m sorry?”
“I figured that they would have been too busy finding you,” Phil answered sheepishly.
“If you recall, I didn’t get to the files either. The Captain played both of us, and I don’t like losing.”
Tony got out of bed and walked over to his door, waiting.
Steve didn’t look happy, but he finally relented. “Fine.”
Steve made a move to bolt back up, but Tony pulled him back down. “It’s ok, Clint took care of it.”
It was difficult, laying on his back, being caged in by Steve. It wasn’t long before he realized that his eagerness was causing him to make zero progress. He heard the blonde laugh softly before taking pity on him, helping Tony shred away the cloth. Tony tried to shoot him a dirty look, but stopped when he saw the fond smile that the man was giving him.
“Oh, I forgot that you were such a decent person yourself.”
Steve woke in parts, slowly coming around to the warm cocoon he’d surrounded himself in. It was dark out, the pale moonlight peeking in from in between the window curtains. He hadn’t realized he was that tired, but he had been too antsy to sleep while on his way to South Carolina, and once he saw Tony, well, he couldn’t seem to help himself.
“Obie,” he replied. “Obie, please, stop this. It’s over!”
“Then
Steve contemplated about telling Tony about the explosion, but decided against it. Tony had enough on his plate; he needed to help his people right now. Besides, Steve trusted FRIDAY to tell Tony about the explosion at headquarters. Once he knew Pepper was safe, Tony would come and help Steve.
Something you may have noticed: Unfortunately, I don't think the Iron Man suit will be making an appearance in this story. Although it is completely badass, and I would love to write it, I don't think it will fit in. Here's my reasoning:
Steve stared as one of the thugs went over and picked up a hammer. The other cut Tony's bound hands, stretching one out in front.
Another day had gone by and his mystery killer still had yet to show up. Tony shuddered at the fact that somewhere out there, this man was coming for him.
But they weren’t gone; HYDRA was still running through the streets of New York. And Clint could see it was killing Steve. Sure, everyone in their right mind was nervous, but Clint hadn’t seen Steve like this since that one time everyone thought he and Nat were dead after agreeing to help Sam with a ‘little family problem’ in Budapest, Georgia. What a disaster that had been.
, Steve thought wildly. An engineer was nothing without his hands. There was no way Tony could survive without them. He knew Tony thought the same if they way his wide eyes and shouts to the guards meant anything.
All he could remember was fire and smoke.
Tony decided that it was in his better judgement that he not argue with that. He stepped off to the side of the room, leaning against a cold wall to watch the show while The Captain remained at attention in the center of the room, waiting to be the first thing their prisoner sees when he wakes up.
“I am. Anthony is no better than his drunk of a father; regardless of whether or not he had found out your little secret, he would have still left you and your crew out to dry as soon as your usefulness had run out. This whole time you thought you were using him, when it turns out, it was the other way around. Stark's are taught to care for one thing: themselves. He wasn’t your friend, Captain, he never was. He was just using you as a human shield, sending his puppets out to do his bidding while he stays safe at home.”
“It’ll do, for now,” Tony shrugged. “I will say, Coulson, I was much looking forward to heading to Nevada. I told Steve that I would take him out on The Strip.”
“So we’re just locked up here until the end of time? Steve, look at you. You’re falling apart.
“Clint, you’re alright!”
And there it was again. The silence. Steve could see the range of emotions flashing across Stark’s eyes until there was nothing left. Emptiness. Just the hollow face that Steve had seen the first time he met Stark. The one that he hadn’t seen in weeks.
“What’s our play?”
Clint deflated. “Come on, Cap. We just got here, surely we can- ”
It was almost surreal, how fitting Bucky’s new arm was. The shiny metal contrasted greatly with his pale skin, but the size and movement just flowed with the rest of his body. It was if it was just paint covering an actual, flesh arm. Steve had never thought of it until he had seen Bucky’s arm, but Tony was one hell of an artist, in his own way. While of course, Steve had been worried over the initial installment, what with Tony and Bruce having to connect the arm to the nerves in Bucky’s upper shoulder, he knew it was all worth it when he saw Bucky’s eyes light up as he picked up his rifle again.
“So this is?”
He felt Steve shift forward, his blunt tip pressing against his hole. He felt the slight burn as his head went in, already feeling more full than he was with just Steve fingers. He felt Steve’s heat entering him. But not once did he look away. Inch by inch, Steve slipped further into Tony’s body. He went slowly, stopping at every gasp and hiss, allowing Tony to get used to his girth. He pushed for what felt like a lifetime, but Tony didn’t mind. All he could think about were those blue eyes, lovingly staring down at him.
Tony just shrugged. “Na, I think you would. But at least security will know who to be looking for. Now give me your shoe, Barton. You promised to spend the day with me. I’m not gonna let you ditch now so you can continue on your life’s mission of being a bed hermit.”
Steve nodded slowly.
“business to run, things to build. You know,-”
wrong. But here he was on the floor of another dirty warehouse, a bombed out car, and an injured bodyguard.
Sometimes it still surprised Steve, finding himself in moments like these. To be honest, when he was awakened from the ice, he was certain that he would never find a sense of happiness again. But it had been a few weeks since he and the rest of The Avengers had moved into Stark Tower, and Steve had finally found peace. It was weird at first; each of them were so different, it was almost impossible to see any of them working together, let alone living together. But they all fit, each member a unique puzzle piece seamlessly creating the perfect picture, the perfect team. Steve found footing with them, like they were his own personal lighthouses for when he found himself lost in the abyss of his memories. The funny thing is, Steve could find himself a new family here. A new home.
get out of my way and let me try and save him.”
Tony shrugged. “Not my fault I’m smarter than everybody else. Besides, Barton, you should count yourself lucky that I’m on your side. Someone’s got to keep you out of fire from the Norwegian police when we make our little field trip – wait. Does Norway even have police? Do they use vikings?”
Across the street, a man with curly hair and glasses searches for his keys with one hand, groceries balanced in the other.
This one was laced with a certain disappointment. Not as common, Steve had found. He and Bucky had been friends for what seemed like a Millenia, but Steve could still count on one hand the number of times he knew Bucky had been disappointed in him.
“Just this last time,” Steve placated. “I’m sorry that you couldn’t trust us enough to tell us what was going on.”
I’m so sorry, I really didn’t -”
“People are staring,” she said, looking over his shoulder.
Clint smiled at the concierge before exiting his motel, slipping his bag over his left shoulder. Two days there was long enough; he needed to move on.
There were a few murmured 'Mr. Stark's', but Tony held up a hand, and the room once again fell silent.
Clint was just as important to Steve. Clint was their lighthouse, their safe haven when they got caught too deep in the world. Clint always knew what they needed, before they even asked. Always had a ridiculous idea for Tony to start for when he was plagued by ghost of his past; always had a new thing for Steve to try for when Steve found himself wishing he died in the ice. Clint never saw them as everyone else did. Never saw them as alcoholic playboys, or washed up national icons. He only saw them as a friend, as family.
“Phil.”
“Oh, so this is my fault?”
Rogers bit out a watery chuckle. “Only you could sound so impervious to being a hero.”
Steve glanced up, not enough to catch Tony’s eye, but enough to see his figure. The smaller man was pacing around the room, harshly wringing his hands with each turn. It was strange seeing Tony this way. Sure, Tony always seemed to have some flurry of movement about him – an explosion waiting to happen, the reaction barely contained behind bars, roaring inside like a furnace as he prowled around – but this was different. His movements were jerky, almost erratic, like a single cog was out of place in his assembly line, and the machine was still trying to function despite the broken part.
The fiery redhead walked over to the two men with grace, but her face spoke volumes of harsh annoyance. “If I have to sit through any more of this pissing contest, someone will die. And, oddly enough, it probably won’t be the guy we brought here to kill.”
Dragging Steve back to the car was painstakingly slow, what with Steve’s weight and Barnes' own stumbling. When they finally reached the vehicle, they laid Steve in the back, Tony tucking his jacket over him again before crawling in behind him.
It was home.
The fireman nodded. “Oh course.” The fireman started to walk back towards Stark Industries, his hand slipping into his uniform checking that his pistols were still in place. The fireman grinned.
Stane raised an eyebrow. “What are you asking me to do?”
Steve would be lying if he said he hadn’t seen any worse wounds, but that did nothing to quell the tight fear and crushing guilt that sat in his chest. Stark had been lucky, that's for damn sure. By pushing Steve to the side, the bullet had just managed to clip him on his left arm; just a simple through-and-through. But it still landed Stark with a lot less blood then Steve would’ve liked; a sickly sheen of sweat covered the smaller man, his eyes getting more unfocused by the minute.
It was Tony.
There was only one way HYDRA could have known he met with The Captain.
Tony took a deep breath and leaped over their cover, glowering at Obie. “There you are, you little rat,” he hissed, charging at Tony. Tony sprinted to the left, barely dodging a blast that landed behind him. He barely caught Clint dart the other way, running towards Tony’s other dropped gauntlet. Fate must have had it out for him because all of a sudden he was tripping over a piece of fallen ceiling careening to the ground. He scrambled to get up, but then Stane was there, delivering a sharp kick to his ribs.
“Well, no shit, Nat! A bomb went off in there!”
“Absolutely. They have nothing else going for them.”
Tony nodded mirroring Yinsen’s with one hand, the other clutching his life support, when the door bust open, five armed men filling the empty floor. Behind them, a bald man with dead eyes and browned skin stepped in. When he saw Tony he smiled, his fingers playing idly with a ring on his hand.
“I’ll find a way to deal with Stark,” replied Steve.
Tony was silent for a moment – too long, in Steve’s opinion. As if he was still figuring out if there was a right answer, one that he and Bucky wanted to hear. It was a stark reminder that as resilient as Tony was, he was just as fragile. Left flailing in the wind one too many times to know the difference between happiness and acceptance. Or more rather, the importance of the difference.
“No, you’re not!” Steve shouted. “You don’t get to do this, not now,” he hissed. “I will not let this happen again. Fuck your reasons and fuck your pride. Come on,” he added, reaching his hand out. “Let me take care of you.”
“Yes,” Bucky answered firmly.
“Because Tony Stark plastered The Captain’s identity all over the internet.”
Natasha sat in the middle of the dance floor stretching. She always ended up here when she felt herself slipping. Tony had been surprised when she asked him to build her one, but Natasha was grateful every day for it. She could lose herself in here; the music taking her away from her past, away from her life.
“They were my family too!”
People shoved past each other as they grabbed everything they could carry. Guns were loaded and boots were tied before everyone was running out front, piling into huge vans. Sam sped down the street, listening to Tony’s clipped directions. Steve watched as Natasha handed Bucky an already loaded gun so he wouldn’t have to fumble with his one arm. Thor looked gravely out the window, his fingers dancing over his extra ammo pack. Steve felt Tony nervously tap his leg in the car, the blonde shooting a hand out, placing it on his knee.
-------------------------
The only solace he got was through Tony. Bucky knew at least he was alive. It was the only time that he’d found himself ecstatic that Stark was a public figure. With the scandal surrounding Stane, there was no way the FBI could keep Tony Stark out of the limelight. He’d appeared in a few press conferences right after everything happened. Some bullshit about how he would be taking some time for the company, working alongside the government to clean up the mess that Stane started.
Rogers looked back down at Steve’s arm. “That must have hurt. Gotta give it to you though, it’s pretty clever.”
With one final head shake, Stark scoffed. "Figures." Steve watched him press a couple buttons on his phone, before he held it up. Steve watched in awe as an image was projected from his phone and onto the far wall in front of them. On the screen, Steve saw what looked like camera footage by the warehouse where he brought Stark to that morning.
“I have something to show you!” Tony was practically vibrating in the elevator, fingers twitching as he impatiently waited for the doors to open again. The elevator had barely stopped before Tony grabbed Bucky and Steve pushing them into the closet roadster.
Steve looked at her and nodded slowly. “As I was saying, my grandfather lived a hard life. The war had cost him his family, his life, his belief in his country. So he came here. He told me when I was little how he found a job sweeping up hair in a barber shop. Little did he know that one day he would own it. That’s how he met my grandmother. She used to walk by the shop every week.” Olivia smiled. “He said it was love at first sight. It wasn’t long before they got married and had my father. Then my father got married and had me.”
“So?”
needed to speak with. But they could wait.
“Oh, so you’re just a kiss ass then, are you?”
Clint kicked a small rock, listening to it echo as it skipped down the alley. “But it’s Friday. You promised me steak and potatoes.”
A sharp knock roused him from a peaceful slumber. By the way Steve instinctively curled around him, he wasn’t ready for it either. Wasn’t ready to face the world again, wanting to stay in the small oasis they’ve created for themselves.
Sure enough, the silence was once again filled by a few shouts, followed by what Steve was sure was Thor gunning the running men down.
“And that I would never forgive myself if we did the same,” Bucky finished with a sad smile.
Tony jumped, his hand going instinctively to cover the arc reactor, the other raising the socket wrench defensively. He stuttered to a halt, however, when he was met with the steely blue eyes of his husband.
Bucky shook his head. “But…but Steve said.”
“Wait!”
“Correct. They were the only thing standing between them and a war between another mob, or even the cops.”
“I’m sorry, was that supposed to be English?” Steve asked with a smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t flatter yourself, I can hold off,” Tony snapped. His eyes trailed down Steve’s body and he couldn’t help but smirk. “But can you?” he questioned, looking at Steve’s large cock, colored almost an angry red and steadily leaking.
No, to him, this would just be a shiny replacement.
“Oh. Um, that was, uh. Thank you, I guess,” Tony stuttered out.
But Fury had taken it away. Apparently this time was filled with even more problems than the past. So much for a bright future. Fury had assembled a team, the Avengers Initiative. Steve had met them: some master assassins, a god, and a literal rage monster. And Fury wanted him to lead it.
Bucky frowned. Stark was never the one to initiate their meetings. It was usually just Bucky showing up, desperately trying to bring the other man back with him. If Stark was the one reaching out to him, it probably wasn’t good.
“Look at this,” Loki continued, sneering at Thor. “Defending the enemy. If only father could see you now.”
“Come on, Phil,” Clint whined into the phone. “Can’t you call in sick?”
He wasn’t surprised when he woke up alone.
“Just alright?” Steve pushed with a knowing smile.
Most of those voices didn’t come back after that day. They lived and fought with a military face, and they died with one too. Those that survive the war, well, they keep it on too. It might be because they’ve worn it for so long that they don’t remember how to take it off. More likely it was because it was a face for the battlefields, and there’s no greater battle than the one they fight when they get home.
“Yea, yea. But we’re not done talking about this.”
Pepper paled. “Well then who did?”
“What are you going to do?” he heard Thor ask.
“Don’t you dare say her name,” Tony snarled.
“If you still want us,” Steve replied.
Yinsen’s voice snapped him out of his thoughts. “Now, we wait until it cools,” Tony answered. “And then, if my math is right, which it always is, it’ll power this,” he finished, pointing to the small circular object he had started to tinker on.
If there was ever a slim chance that he would see the rest of the crew again, he’d bet on those two.
“Stark.”
“Has he been answering your calls?” Steve tried.
Tony’s brain flew into overdrive, the smaller man scrambling back up and away from Barnes. Barnes rushed forward instantly, his hands a flurry of movement as he tried to subdue Tony again. Tony knew there was no way that he could out power Barnes, but it was a good thing that he still had a final trick up his sleeve.
While Steve had thought that would be the end of it, he found himself face to face with Clint three days later.
“I assumed so,” Fury responded. “Because of that fact, while the SSR had collected a multitude of secrets, more than enough to keep the government happy, it’s not exactly up to date. I’m sure it doesn’t mention have most of your current employees, or you for that matter,” he added, pointing to Tony.
“I never wanted to be him,” whispered Tony. “Maybe that’s why I was such a disappointment to him.”
He fled to America after the war, dying of a heart attack ten years ago.
Steve watched as Sam walked back out. He pushed his face into his hands.
Water poured down his throat, Steve’s eyes snapping wide open. He sputtered yanking himself away, and it was too cold, too cold,
“Don’t knock it till you try it,” Tony replied, leading Steve and the others into the small store. The restaurant was empty, but it was still pretty early in the day. A singular man stood behind the counter, wiping it down with a cloth. Seeing the other enter his shop, the man stopped, greeting them all with kind eyes hidden behind wired glasses.
Pierce rolled his eyes. “Oh, don’t be so dramatic. It’s not like you don’t have your own personal agenda.”
“No, I don’t want to hear excuses. You were too caught up in downing more HYDRA agents than Thor, you couldn’t even be bothered to be there for your own teammate. Natasha could have died, Clint!”
Shrill beeps sounded in the room, the warnings echoing throughout the room, bouncing from wall to wall.
“Yes, I do. But you didn’t. You came back for me.”
Yinsen scrambled over to the door and peered out the small hole. “Oh my God,” he uttered.
Tony stared down at them until realization hit. “Oh, of course. I’ll bring these back for Steve, and- ”
“I’m sorry.” Tony’s voice jolted Steve from his thoughts. “That came out harsher than intended.”
“Still nothing?”
“What are you asking me to do?” Clint asked blandly.
Loki leaned back in his chair, picking idly at his nails. “You left me no choice.”
“That’s because it’s never been done before. No bullets, no reloads, no anything. All the power comes from that,” he added, pointing to the half made miniature arc reactor.
Tony closed his eyes. "How bad?"
Of fucking course.
Steve had been so lost in his own head, he wasn’t surprised when he found himself alone on the common floor.
Tony patted his shoulder. “Not a problem, Spangles. Listen, I’d love to stay and chat, but Pepper might actually kill me if I go in today.”
Just a few keyboard clicks seemed to take ages; time that he didn’t have. He could still heard shots in the distance, so Tony took that as a sign that Yinsen was still out there and still fighting. A small ding form the computer sounded and Tony knew it was working, if the flickering lights were any indication.
Now his flock had spread thin, and there was nothing he could do about it.
There was a small stretch of silence before the rapid-fire shouting was back, even louder than before. Steve winced at the number of expletives coming over the receiver.
It was the same old song and dance; one that Tony had lost too many good suits too. If anything, it was just a hassle, and a waste of a perfectly good afternoon. Sometimes Happy, bless his heart, tried to mix it up once in a while so at least Tony could get some enjoyment out of it.
Tony stared at him blankly. “I’m sorry,” he laughed. “Mr. Boy Scout himself wants to blow our duty off for a night on the town?”
“I thought about that, but no. Trust me, we’d be able to tell if someone else had been digging into their bodies.”
“You should see that porch,” Natasha drawled. “I have a lovely view of the power plant.”
Tony shrugged. “But I came anyway.”
But it didn’t need to be pretty. It just needed to catch someone’s attention.
Steve knew that smile. It was the same one that Nat would wear whenever she wanted Steve to make a bet with her. So far, he hadn’t won a single one. “You gonna make me sit here hours while you shop as payback?”
Finally, the elevator dinged, and two men stepped out, guns already trained on Fury’s office. HYDRA members, no doubt there to finish them off. She saw the moment the pair of them caught the faint rustlings of Sam wrestling with Ward.
Steve loved Tony’s smile, especially when he was the one who made those tempting lips curve up so captivatingly. It had happened so rarely when they’d first met, that the few times Steve had seen one drawn out by Rhodey or Pepper or JARVIS and the bots, he’d decided that he wanted to be the reason Tony smiled like that.
Steve kept his eyes on Tony, never letting them stray from the beautiful image he cast in the suit. It was an image he was more than familiar with, one he adored and could never tire of. He knew every curve, every dip, every sharp line and soft edge intimately, could draw it from memory with absolute precision, had found himself doing just that over the years hundreds of times, countless hours spent on painstakingly capturing every detail. He knew this armor well, and the man within even more so.
“Just make sure you get some ice on that.”
Steve could only return the embrace by burying his face in Tony’s neck. He took as deep a breath as he could manage, almost trying to keep a piece of Tony within himself and hold him there, willing Tony to never leave his side again. If only…
Tony couldn’t help but melt into it, letting his shoulders ease until he was pliable under Steve’s hands, his thoughts fuzzy and formless. For a moment it was perfect. A moment that seemed-
“But you will?” Tony asked, cutting him off.
“Are these...did you hurt yourself?”
“Tony, wait!”
Steve watched as Tony’s gaze darted to something just behind the soldier. He waited with baited breath, willing his arms not to tighten further around Tony’s frame in anticipation of the worst reaction his mind had conjured up during his sleepless night before. He watched the smile slowly slide from Tony’s lips, a stone of dread dropping heavily in his stomach.
“Hey.” Tony looked up at Steve who was suddenly in front of him. “You did a good thing today. You made a little boy very happy.”
Tony groaned. “No.” It'd be pretty conspicuous if Tony didn't want to join him and he couldn’t very well step into a shower with his hand the way it was. He knew he couldn’t hide it for too long, but at least maybe for tonight. Just tonight, he could hold off a lecture. He wasn’t in any mood.
This took a lot longer than I thought it would to get up.
Steve pulled at his restraints; pulled until he could feel the muscles in his arms and back nearly rip to shreds, but he kept pulling.
Tony smiled at the jealously miffed tone, mocking expression and all. He supposed he had been ignoring a few spots of training here and there, trading the close combat sparring for agility training with Thor, target practice with Clint and a few well-built bots, and strategy simulation exercises with Natasha and Steve. All of it in the suit. “I guess there is something to be said about getting back to the basics once in a while.”
It suddenly dawned on Tony that he had gone to the hospital to visit a Make-a-Wish kid who he had made a prosthetic for. Apparently his wish had been to build something with Iron Man (and how that had touched a part of Tony he wasn’t sure he was ready to deal with yet) so he’d made seventy percent of the arm and helped the kid, Miles, assemble it and add in a repulsor replica that shot out nurf-like darts with suction cups at the end. That most certainly would not have been uneventful.
Well, he may at least be able to use this time to his advantage. “How long has he been in the shower?”
Even the sound of the repulsors firing at full strength to carry Tony through the skies was not enough to drown out Steve’s screams as he was left helplessly watching his very heart fly away where he couldn’t follow.
Steve knew that if Tony could, he’d have been blinking up at him in confusion. For now, all Tony could do was furrow his brow under the fabric. “Why?”
“You didn’t tuck your thumb, did you boss?”
He wanted to talk to her. Hear her voice. She always made him feel better. She could make this better. Pepper, please…
- just as he’d been instructed. He recited equations in his head, theories and algorithms of projects he’d finished and ones that were still in progress. He counted out every inch of the Iron Man suit, recalling every dimension with perfect accuracy. Imagined himself in his workshop, surrounded by his bots, and his machines, and his Jarvis, and his holograms - his own little safety net.
“Yeah, well when you can’t see any of the view and the company won’t say anything about anything, it makes the time feel double. Scientific fact.”
Tony leaned away but didn’t let go, and Steve was grateful, despite the loss of heat. Steve carefully watched the expressions crossing Tony’s face, ready to jump in at the first sign of panic. He’d prepared for this, readied himself for how much it was going to break him to see Tony in such distress.
. Please tell me you know that. Please--”
“Yes.” It was out before Tony could stop it.
Steve was standing in the doorway to their bedroom in a pair of sweats with a towel around his shoulders. “You’re back.”
Tony sucked in a breath and released it, along with all of his reservations and defensiveness, and added with a softer tone, “...but it really is beautiful story.”
He brought the jacket back up so both their faces were covered again. “Hey, no it’s okay. I didn’t mean to...you don’t have to--”
A nerve-wracking tightness coiled in his chest with each new step, and a small part of him began to consider turning Tony around and frog-marching him back to the car under the guise that this had all been some practical joke to massively waste his time—
His breath slowly returned back to a normal rhythm, the numbness having steadily leaked out of him only to be replaced with a stiff ache which was, in all honesty, much more familiar. He began to take stock of his every limb, starting with slipping his fingers through his shirt between two buttons, running the fingers of his free hand along the cool steel and pleasantly warm glass of the rector. After a moment of feeling the almost non-existent but no-less reassuring humming vibration of the machine at work -
Steve’s grip loosened – only then even realizing he’d grabbed him so tightly – and rubbed his thumbs along Tony’s pulse points apologetically. “You remember what I said a little bit ago? When I said I’d never let you fall?”
“Yes I would.” Steve knew it was a lie, even before he hissed the words through his teeth, but he had to try. He had to stop this--
Tony was so beautiful when he smiled.
Tony smirked resignedly. He couldn’t say he was surprised at the question. He’d pretty much walked right into it and he’d known it the moment the words were out of his mouth. It was something he hadn’t really given much thought to. Each story meant something to him, each one having painfully carved out its own special little place in his memory. Trying to pick a favorite would be like picking a favorite between Rhodey and Pepper. Not at all something he would be even remotely capable of.
A plume of fire...an explosion…
“Jesus, that sounds so stupid out loud.”
Another silence fell over them.
The lights are fading…..
The engineer opened his mouth, but JARVIS’s voice intoned from the suit before he could say another word.
“I’m just saying the sooner you get ice on that, the less it’ll swell. Least that’s what they say, I never really notice a difference.”
“You’re right,” Steve said with a solemn expression. “Every cliche in the book.”
Pepper was his anchor.
“I’d say so if you’re gonna be going around punching people like that. You’re getting rusty there, boss.”
Tony shook his head. “I mean thank you. I mean I do love you, but also thank you.”
The elevator started ascending. “Under the bathroom sink, sir.”
He took very little comfort in the knowledge that if it did end in a grand failure, he could maybe spin it in a way that he could blame it all on Rhodey.
, how much this was going to break Steve. And god-fucking-damn Tony Stark for being more tormented about how his actions would affect others, rather than be upset that he knew what he himself was about to face all alone.
“Oh.” Steve’s muscles eased and he let go a breath of relief. “Okay”
Steve wasn’t quite sure what to do with that answer given the man’s actions. He opened his mouth as though he actually knew an appropriate response, but then closed it when he realized that there really wasn’t one.
They resumed their previous actions of Tony cautiously stepping forward with his hands outstretched, both of which were gently but firmly grasped in both of Steve’s who was guiding him through wherever the hell they were.
“Hmm?” Tony hummed absentmindedly as he stepped back to admire his work.
“Tony?”
He’d been expecting panic, fear, a healthy dose of betrayal, had plans of action ready to enact for any combination of these. Now….
“As if that big squishy teddy bear would ever so much as steal candy from a baby, much less eat it,” Tony chuckled and nuzzled his nose across Steve’s chest. “Anyway, needless to say, that was hardly Mom’s favorite story. Too much gore, not enough feels. I think the only reason she even told it was because she knew I’d get a kick out of it.”
And when the helmet slid back into place, only after Tony looked up and gave Steve his favorite smile, one he knew was always meant only for him, Steve would swear he could hear his very soul shattering within him.
“Your thumb,” Happy repeated from the front seat, glancing back at Tony in the rearview mirror. He held up his hand in a fist, thumb outside along the other fingers. “You left it out, right?”
Steve sighed and shook his head earnestly. “I couldn’t do it. I mean I would,” he added quickly, as though he was afraid of upsetting Tony with the hypothetical confession. “I absolutely would wait if it really was the only way to see you again, but...one year would be hard enough. Two? I’d lose my mind.”
Tony was silent for a moment before he burst out laughing in complete disbelief that that was the descriptor that Steve chose to emphasize, simply because he knew it would make Tony smile. He pulled himself up the few inches to press his smile against Steve’s, sharing the last laugh between them. “Pretty sure the story’s old enough to have been the very origin of the term ‘cliche’.”
“But we should be able to see them as early as June. If you...You know, if you wanted to come back then.” Tony closed his eyes as his breath hitches in his throat. Shit, now his own heart felt like it was about to start beating out of his chest at the thought of seeing that sky again. Breathe. In...out….
His hand went to his chest but couldn’t feel anything, his fingers numb and aching and malfunctioning and…..where was it? It has to be there. He needs it. Where is it?!
Tony didn’t so much pull away as just let go.
“We need to retreat, just for now. Do damage assessment, see who’s still in a fit state to fight and figure out how to dismantle--”
“This looks like...Did...you hit someone?”
Happy shook his head and he made the turn to pull into the garage at the Tower. “Just a long way of saying rusty.”
“Are you feeling okay?”
“Tony!”
They laid there silently, just feeling each other and sharing warmth between them. Tony took a long breath, letting the familiar smell of Steve seep into him, settling whatever residual unease was left over, replacing it with something rounder, something more substantial and consequential. Something he could hold onto and feel grounded.
“Just a bit further,” Steve appeased with a smile, though he was more than grateful that Tony couldn’t see just how shaky and nervous he knew it was.
Fucking magic. Alien magic, at that. Because just one wouldn’t have been enough. “Of course not,” he muttered darkly with another pull.
Which, of course, is when Tony decided to walk in from the other room, only to stop dead in his tracks and openly stare at Steve – who had also subsequently frozen mid-lick.
The warm ache in his chest grew and he felt his jaw tense with an emotion he hadn’t let himself feel in a long time. He suddenly felt so much closer to his mother than he ever remembered being. They had never had too much in common. But they’d had this. And it had been enough for as long as they’d had it.
Tony’s face was downcast as he stepped away, the gauntlet once again wrapping around his hand, repulsor shining bright and unwavering, as the suit lifted him up till he was hovering a few feet in the air.
And with a perfectly valid reason. After using up the very last of his battery-powered heart – “That’s not how it works, Steve, my heart is perfectly ‘me’ powered,” he heard Tony’s echo reiterating for the hundredth time, but when Steve had seen the reactor dark and silent as Tony laid motionless in the middle of the buckled and thoroughly wrecked street, that had been exactly how it had felt – to carry a nuclear missile through a magic portal into an alien universe to save the planet and the billions of souls on it, any sane person would have a high probability of gaining a phobia or two.
But it wasn’t enough to tear Steve’s gaze from Tony’s face or the look in his eyes. Peaceful. Quiet. A little sad, but nostalgic.
“Tony.” Steve’s hands came up on either side of Tony’s face, gently tilting it up until their eyes met. “I..” He leaned forward to press a kiss to Tony’s forehead. “..am very…” his cheek, “...proud…” his nose, “of you.”
His whole body gave another trembling shudder as a biting wind blew past.
He shifted to grab the remote from the table, making the wrapping from the chocolate in his lap shuffle loudly. Right, he still hadn’t finished it.
“Well, let’s at least wait until we get back into the city. I am not ruining this moment with Fury’s pissed off stink-eyepatch.”
“Tony, please! Just look at me, I’m right here! Let me help you!”
He was. He was looking.
Steve finally nodded slowly and Tony readied himself for the scolding, the lecture of how he can’t be so reckless, that it was irresponsible and pig-headed, and then sigh with that ‘I’m so disappointed,’ fall of his shoulders.
?” he asked, the oddly shaped syllables sounding much clunkier on his tongue than Tony’s elegant pronunciation.
A shock of pain through his knees. No air. His chest hurt…
“I never really cared much for stargazing.”
“Do you um…” Tony cleared his throat before he continued, “Do you know the story of Persephone?”
Now all his mind seemed able to focus on was how beautiful Tony looked like this. He still had yet to look away from the illuminated spectacle above them. And it was a spectacle. Steve had made a trip to this spot once before to speak with the manager of the nearby observatory, and it had been just as stunning then, too, a dark mantle sweeping across the sky, studded with pulsing diamonds.
Steve took the one long stride back till he was close enough to wrap his unoccupied arm around Tony’s waist and pressed a kiss to his lips that put the previous kiss to shame.
Steve heaved a sigh as he turned back to his chocolate with a resigned, “No reason.”
No….dust...dirt?
Tony said nothing.
Tony could have - and did, if he was being honest with himself - fallen in love with Steve all over again for the non-committal hum he offered, leaving the decision to divulge any further completely in Tony’s hands, demanding nothing of him and patiently waiting for Tony to make up his mind on the matter.
The very next day, Steve found a rather healthy supply of the black triangular prisms neatly stacked into a perfect pyramid on the kitchen counter. Steve would have complained about the fact that Tony could have used that five-hundred+ dollars on something far more worthwhile if Steve himself hadn’t been the very reason they seemed to disappear so quickly – and it certainly didn’t escape his attention that the pile was restocked nearly twice a week.
Tony hadn’t even noticed that Steve had been rolling his thumb over his back until it suddenly stopped. Steve’s arms coiled tighter around him, his usual reflex whenever Tony spoke about his parents, as though he alone could protect him from the memories. Some days, Tony almost believed he could.
“I’m sorry, honey.” Tony let his brow fall forward to press to Steve’s. “I’m so sorry.”
“‘Just a bit further,’ he says,” Tony mutters, his hands tightening around Steve’s as he steps on a bit of uneven ground. “What, the five hour drive and hour long walk wasn’t enough already?”
No pressure.
His thought stream was cut short by a series of banging and shuffling noises coming from behind him. Turning to look, he saw Tony in the kitchen apparently doing his level best to open and close every drawer, cabinet, and cupboard in the room. Twice.
He felt his breath hitch as he watched Tony’s eyes fell in remorse, and he knew Tony well enough to know that it wasn’t for his own pain, but because Tony knew, he
“But love between celestials and mortals was forbidden, so when the princess’s mother, the goddess of all, heard of their union, she forced the princess to return to heaven.
Steve’s hands went to grasp Tony’s hips out of reflex, but once he got his bearings and stopped wondering what the hell was happening (because who the fuck cares?!), he pushed back into the kiss with just as much ferocity as Tony was giving. Tony certainly was the better kisser out of the two, but Steve was no slouch in this area and he was more than happy to prove it.
Steve turned back. “What’s it?”
