Castiel frowns. “You don't like wine? I was saving this bottle for my first paycheck.” He stops when he sees the car. “She’s yours?” he asks, giving the roof a reverent caress. “I’ve seen this car almost every day and wondered who she belongs to.”
Castiel rolls his eyes. “There’s no point agonizing over it, and certainly no point in rehashing the past. I should live in the present since I’m lucky enough to share it with you.”
Castiel sits up stiffly. He’d been slumped over a table in Bobby’s library. A huge, dry tome split down its spine lies open before him. There’s a pit in his stomach, but he insists, “I don’t eat.”
He spent most of the time after work this past week helping Daphne move out. When her things were gone, he had to fill in the bald patches, and one of his living room projects was to put up a book case where the TV used to be. Or maybe he should get a TV after all. He never really cared for it, but Dean had put him onto some interesting movies and shows. He wouldn’t mind exploring Netflix by himself a little longer. After all, he had little else to occupy his time outside of work anymore.
“Wouldn’t say that. More like they got the least control during a heat. Makes them more likely to be assholes is all. No matter what anyone tells you, that’s not a free pass.”
Castiel grins and orders for them both. There’s a flush high on his cheeks already. He takes a huge gulp of his third beer, and looks like he’s steeling himself. His eyes get real wide and he says, “I have a confession, Dean. I was worried about tonight. I was afraid you’d misunderstand and bring Sam with you.”
When Castiel wakes up dust motes are swirling in the buttery beams of sunlight that slant through the gaps in the moth-eaten curtains on his bed. It’s beautiful. The world is still, in fierce betrayal, so beautiful. He sought the most desolate squalor to hide in and still so much beauty shines through the cracks defiantly. Dean is alive.
By the time Dean finishes, a not-quite smile tugs the corners of the (former, Dean reminds himself) angel’s lips upwards. His bandaged arm lies forgotten in his lap. He slowly flicks through channels, always coming back to the damn infomercials.
Dean is gorgeous. Of course he is, Castiel snaps at himself. He’s certainly older than he was in the first picture, but he’s aged like fine wine. The smile on Dean’s face is gentle and welcoming. It goes all the way up to his eyes. It’s a pity the picture is in black and white. Castiel wants to kiss the crows feet and feel the prickle of the stubble sanding Dean’s jaw against his lips. Dean looks good. He looks… happy. Relaxed. Looking at the picture Castiel aches to be with him.
“Dean is following a similar case,” Castiel says, ignoring Dean’s muttered curses. When he looks up, he finds that Dean has swung into the parking lot of the motel he’d checked out of barely an hour ago.
“There will be beer at ours,” Dean offers. The seconds tick by, and Castiel doesn’t reply. “Look, I know it’s weird,” he starts. “You don’t have to–”
“I have to agree with Sam,” Castiel murmurs, refusing to look away even when Dean gives him an annoyed, betrayed stare.
Still does, but like hell is he gonna admit that aloud right now. Though he has a horrible sneaking suspicion that he doesn't need to at this point. It’s probably clear as day. There’s a stricken sort of silence in the room.
This isn’t going well. “Winchester.” Dean fidgets. “You know, I spoke to Bobby Singer when I came in here last, so he knows all this stuff. It’s kinda– is he in? I just wanna ask if–”
Castiel squirms uncomfortably. He knows it’s more than likely that Dean is trying to cheer him up. The incessant flirting isn’t anything serious. Or real. But it hits too close to home right now. Castiel decides he’ll just lie about having fallen asleep the next time they talk. He doesn’t feel like continuing the conversation much anymore.
“You’re such a dork.” Dean groans in put upon embarrassment and buries his face in Castiel’s neck, and Castiel finally relaxes. He smiles and winds an arm around Dean’s middle, pulling him closer.
“Uh uh, don’t even try to chase me out. I want deets.” Charlie collapses into the chair in front of his desk. “Dean won’t tell me anything. And you haven’t been responding to my emails. You’re killing me, man.”
Castiel licks his lips, one hand straying to rest on his thigh. He wants to touch himself, but he’d rather work Dean into a mess first. That’d teach him to keep springing this sort of thing on Castiel.
Sheriff Mills rolls her eyes. Her voice softens as she cups his cheek and adds, “You don't have to do everything alone, alright? We’ve got you. Small town like this– we gotta have each other's back.”
“I made a promise,” Cas says calmly. “I’m here to help my friends. I’m willing to be civil for their sake. Aren’t you?”
“Right,” Dean mutters, wiping a sweaty hand on his thigh as his heart pounds. “Anyway, well, that’s me. And,” he forces himself to look at Cas, who, of fucking course is looking back at him, wide-eyes and earnest. “We’re roommates.”
The smooth planes of muscle, like the ones in Dean’s arms– yes. Castiel pushes Dean’s hands up above his head and kisses up the inside of Dean’s elbow, along the smooth underside of a bicep to his shoulder.
“I remember you, kid,” Bobby says gruffly. “Look, it’s nothing personal, but that position’s already been filled.”
Castiel hedges. He and Dean had decided to let Charlie stew in it a while for meddling. But… he and Dean had also decided that Castiel was a terrible liar. So Dean wouldn’t hold it against Castiel if Charlie prized the truth out of him in person.
Castiel loses his nerve. He sets the phone down on the nightstand and turns away. He shouldn't reply. But it buzzes a few seconds later, and then again, and he’s drawn to it inexorably.
For a moment, Dean panics. He knows this is personal. He knows Crowley’s had it out for him. He knows that trading shifts with Meg had pissed Crowley off, but it went beyond that. This is what Dean for getting too drunk at the unofficial work Christmas party (they’d all piled into Molly’s and split the tab) and (allegedly) making out with the boss. He’d gone and pissed Crowley off, and honestly, the smarmy bastard had just been waiting for the opportunity. The only reason Dean hasn’t given notice here is because he’s waiting for Singer Auto to give him a start date.
Dean smiles, eyes tired and fond. Even the quirk of his lips is lopsided. He stops rubbing Castiel’s back. His fingers settle over the hill of Castiel’s shoulder and he squeezes gently.
“Yes, and this isn’t the first time.” A notable example was when he pulled Dean out of Hell. “I’m usually able to heal myself.”
“You two– you figured it out.” Instead of guilty, Charlie seems smug. “You were trying to make me sweat for it. You two were in cahoots!”
When Castiel led his garrison into the fiery womb that bred demons, the ground quaked and burst open. Flames licked up the black walls as they split and tore. Souls fell away into the yawning maw of the pit. A crescendo of screams. The most horrific scenes of torture. This was the ungodliest place. The antithesis of creation.
“Just– out. Anywhere but here.” Sam fumes, but instead of leaving, he turns around. “How long are you gonna keep this up, Dean? You can’t chain me here. You’re gonna have to trust me at some point.”
Two weeks ago, he’d volunteered himself and Cas to help Sam. It had been his idea. And at the time, it had seemed like a good one. And it still was. For Sam. For his class. Dean watches as Charlie attempts to tame Cas’ hair for a few seconds before giving up, and jogging back to join Sam behind the cameras.
Lucifer roams the earth, and the other Angels will not hear the cries for help. They will not come. God is in the wind, even more unreachable than the Angels. And Castiel has thrown in his lot with two very mortal, very human hunters. They’re well and truly alone, with a price on their heads. What is Castiel supposed to do? There’s no protocol for this. He has no idea where to begin.
“We need help,” he says, all alpha authority. He weaves back to let Dean step out of the car. “Two of my men are dead, and those kids are all– there were too many casualties on the inside. We had no choice but to gun them down. You two got any idea why this is happening?”
Under normal circumstances, the store relies on employees volunteering to take the holiday shifts. And under normal circumstances, Dean’s usually by himself for the holidays, so he’d rather be working. Getting paid extra doesn’t hurt either. It’s usually a slow night, and he gets to hang out behind the counter and point people to the booze or back out the door because CVS still doesn’t stock emergency turkeys.
“Jo says you’re not getting out of the Thursday shift at CVS,” Ash calls, sticking his head out from the back room of the coffee shop.
“What do you mean, for now?” he demands hoarsely. “You’re gonna run out? Are you telling me that every now and then you need to recharge your batteries but now this celestial charger or whatever’s boarded up in Heaven?"
He thinks back to the picture, to the warm, smooth lines of the man’s torso, to the big green eyes, to the soft, beautiful mouth… to the strong jaw. God, he was gorgeous. He finds himself smiling fondly as he thinks of their conversation, of the way he’d laughed at some of the exchanges, of how much he’d genuinely relaxed and enjoyed himself.
Castiel bites his lip, waiting. The seconds tick by, and for the first time he feels frazzled about the time. He doesn't normally deviate from his schedule much. And it seems so silly to be wasting his time over this. Texts to someone he was never supposed to know. And yet he does. He knows a lot more about this stranger than he does about Daphne.
Castiel relents. “Okay. Let's get you fed,” he sighs, but then he tugs Dean’s head back a little roughly by his hair, just rough enough to make Dean pant. “Then it’s my turn.” He picks a spot low at the juncture of Dean’s throat and bites and sucks until he draws the blood up in a blossom of a bruise.
Why is it so easy for Dean to make him relax and forget? Already, the tight, panicky grip in Castiel’s chest loosens. The teasing makes the corners of his lips tug up slowly. A large, irrational part of Castiel wants to know, without the ambiguity of texting, if Dean feels the same way. He can’t, though, because that’s how it ends. Instead, he ends up channeling the affection as gratitude.
Bobby sighs, thoroughly put upon, and snaps his book shut. “Frickin’ christ. You’re really gonna do this. Probably ‘cuz you don’t have the parts.”
“Not a literal stairway.” Dean rolls his eyes. “Can you just unlock the damn door? My hands are a little full.”
Dean pours the shot, considering the options. He hates pineapple if it’s not in a pina colada, but Cas doesn’t care for orange juice.
There’s a chill to the air, the first unfurling tendrils of winter. Castiel sits outside Dean’s door, his back to the wood, and gazes into the middle distance. When his body starts to ache, he gets up, and goes to bed.
They’re all shitty friends. Castiel deserves better. Actually, Dean’s pretty sure this is his job. They haven’t sat down and talked about it in any certain terms, but he doesn’t think Castiel is the kind who’s in it for some friends with casual non-penetrative sex deal. So, Dean’s almost ninety-five percent sure he’s Castiel’s boyfriend. And so planning this dinner was his job.
Avocado salad. There's some chicken in there, but the bright, buttery lime green splatter dominates the plastic bowl in front of him. It makes Dean think of life in Palo Alto through Sam's eyes. Some hippy hybrid yoga, followed by a kale smoothie, followed by this bullshit washed down with a coconut milk latte. Probably. Dean's not sure, so he assumes.
In which I realize that I have a terrible posting schedule (but maybe I just want my subscribers to wake up to a nice email notif?)
“I thought you were weird. In– in a good way. Different, I guess? And I thought you were a teacher, because you were talking about art history or something, and you were just– brilliant. You sounded really smart. A little snooty, even. I wanted to impress you, so I tried to pretend I knew what I was talking about. And even though it was bull, you listened. Like what I said mattered. And I thought you were fucking awesome for that. And then–” he tried to kiss Cas. But Dean doesn’t say that out loud. He looks down, and his clears his throat. “And the rest is history, y’know?”
Dean shakes his head. He opens his mouth and realizes he hasn’t thought of a lie. Castiel watches in some amusement until Dean asks, “Can I spend the night?”
Castiel exhales sharply. Charlie looks worried. She puts a hand on his shoulder. He forces himself to nod. “I made a mistake.”
“Are you alright?” Castiel asks, holding a hand out to help Dean to his feet. Dean nods, still gasping. He takes Castiel’s hand. He’s covered in blood. Some of it is from the Croat, but there’s a new, ugly cut just below his hairline.
“This your angel warding?” he asks, thumb brushing skin as he traces the Enochian letters. “’S kinda hot.” Castiel can hear the smile in his voice.
Oh. Castiel stares at his phone stupidly. He tells himself he doesn’t know why Dean is clarifying that particular notion. It’s not because Castiel has ever asked. Of course he’s wondered. That’s not the point.
Castiel stands. Chuck's words prick at his chest. It's an emotional response. Castiel hurts. He is hurt. Then why is the pain physical? Why is it so heavy and cold in his chest?
We made it to the end, folks! Had to write that little smut scene. I painted myself into a corner with that sexting tag. As someone who has never sexted before, it was kinda nerve-wracking. If you've sexted before, or have some idea  of how it's supposed to go, let me know how I did?
(Which was the only reason Castiel forgave the merciless teasing. That, and he knew it wasn’t malicious. Dean’s laughter was a defense when he felt too vulnerable. Besides, Dean tended to make some convincing reparations with his mouth.)
“Just let me fix your hand, okay?” Dean reaches for the remote and Cas’ gaze flickers to it, then the small, ancient TV. Score. Dean bites back a smile as Cas steps in and backs the door shut.
They clink glasses and swallow the liquor in unison. Cas exhales sharply, then clears his throat. His eyes are a little glazed, and his lips are shiny. He sips the small cup of pineapple juice slowly.
It’s a little awkward when they run into Lisa at the IHOP a block away. Well, it’s awkward for Dean. He’s pretty sure Castiel has no idea that Dean’s slept with her. And Dean intends to keep it that way. Castiel is oblivious to the tension. Lisa just smiles all professional-like, and seats them at the booth. Castiel yawns as he peruses the menu seriously. Looking at him is almost enough to relax Dean.
Castiel feels something primal in him rear its head. He doesn’t recognize the sound he makes. Whatever it does to the expression on his face must be good, because Dean’s cheeks get pinker and his lips fall open, and he wants it so badly– he wants Castiel back.
Castiel frowns, trying to focus on the widening trajectory of Dean’s palm, shivering as a calloused thumb traces the sharp ridge of a hipbone. “I don’t understand.”
And then Dean sets him alight. Castiel forces himself to breathe, closes his eyes and tries to memorize the path of Dean's lips, the blazing trail Dean carves up his throat, over the crest of his chin, sinking into the softness of his own mouth. Castiel drinks him in like sustenance, every shared breath purer than grace.  Purer, certainly, than the putrid rot at his core. The cannibalized patch job.
“Cas, you know,” Dean implores. “You know we’re not gonna find the answer in here. There isn’t one. “
It had hurt to turn Dean down, especially since he knew Dean probably took it hard. Dean felt things so keenly, held it close to his chest, and almost never let on just how much he was affected. Not at first. In fact, Castiel was fairly sure he only knew that about Dean because texting provided enough of a buffer for Dean to be a little vulnerable. That, and Castiel was a stranger. He didn’t judge Dean.
"A home wrecker angel, wow," Chuck murmurs. He shakes his head as if to clear the thought away. "No, but I mean the angels. Your brothers. They've hung you out to dry."
“Stupid sununvabitch,” Dean mutters, working quickly and efficiently. Something clatters in a bowl. The agony recedes to a dull throb. Dimly, Castiel realizes that Dean has fished the bullet out. His hands are red with blood– Castiel’s blood.
“Alright, okay, stop.” Dean heaves a breath, looking angry. “Bobby’s keeping tabs on him, helping him out. In fact, he’s probably calling ‘cuz Bobby just told him all about this mess. He’s not alone. He’s just not with me. We don’t work well together. Now drop it.”
The waitress eyes them nervously as they leave. She doesn’t smile. Dean makes sure to tip her handsomely, and winks on his way out. He calls Bobby and catches him up on the Heaven situation as he drives to the police station. It’s barely two minutes away.
It’s the only explanation. Charlie is the common link. Castiel thinks back to Charlie’s raving about meddling when he told her about Dean. He thinks back to her coercion to respond to Dean’s initial text, and consequent disappointment when Castiel didn’t seem to take the bait. She was behind the whole thing.
It’s then that Castiel notices that Risa and Jack are lying prone and unresponsive on the ground. He checks Risa first. She’s still breathing and her pulse is strong. Just unconscious then.
Castiel shifts in bed, getting more comfortable as his half-hard cock twitches. He’s tempted to massage it into an erection, but he stops himself. He needs both hands at the wheel if he’s going to get Dean off first.
Castiel freezes for a tense moment, but his shoulders sag and he manages a rueful smile. “That obvious, huh?”
Castiel goes to stand by the car. If he can’t leave, he won’t be forced to listen to unnecessary conversation. Dean ducks out a few moments later, eyeing Castiel warily, but he doesn’t say anything. He slides in behind the driver’s seat.
The automatic doors slide open before Dean can reply. He lifts his head to greet the customer, smiling when he recognizes the person. His heart does a stupid flip at the sight of the familiar shock of dark hair. When he looks back at Jody, she’s got an eyebrow raised, and he struggles to pretend he’s not blushing.
They’re at the door to the lobby, and Dean leans back against the wall beside it. He’s wondering if he should lean in and try for a kiss when Castiel lets go of his hand and takes a step back.
“Did I– no.” Dean grits his teeth and sits up, looking wild and unpredictable. Torn between wanting to flee and attack. His skin glistens with a sheer film of sweat. “I asked you to come over here. It’s the end of the world, Cas. Fuck. Me.”
Castiel leans forward and kisses his cheek. “I know what you meant. We were too drunk to consent. I was quite enthusiastic, but– it was actually your idea to wait, and I think it was the right decision. The futon is too uncomfortable to inflict on anyone so I let you have my bed. I’m sorry, I should’ve probably left a note explaining everything.”
“We’ll find him, and we’ll look after him because it’s what Cas would want. But trust me, Sam, the second he even thinks about hurting another person, I will end him,” Dean says. Sam sighs, but remains silent.
“Dean, you can’t carry him inside by yourself. Let me help,” Sam says. Dean set his jaw and shakes his head once. There’s a confused rush of anger and sadness on Sam’s face.
Kaia and Claire immediately plop into Jody and Donna’s laps, entirely too old to do such a thing, while Alex and Patience stand behind their mothers, watching fondly. Jack stations himself behind Dean’s chair, hands on his mama’s shoulders
“I’m serious. You raised me. You fed me, made sure I had clothes to wear, always put to bed somewhere safe. Hell, you even helped me with my homework as best as you could. You put yourself between me and Dad, even though he expected you to do everything he said. You took way more shit from him than you deserved just so I wouldn’t get it. And you were so proud of me when I got into Stanford, even though Dad told you you weren’t supposed to be. You’ve died for me, Dean. Multiple times. You’re more of a parent to me than anyone else has ever been. So, yeah, I may not call you ‘mama,’ but happy Mother’s Day,” Sam says, the unspoken I love you lingering at the end.
“You did what you had to do that time. You did the right thing. Castiel knew we needed him and I’m sure you were forgiven. There’s nothing you could have done this time, but I know you would give anything to have him back. I’m sure he’s already forgiven you everything. Please don’t be too hard on yourself. Losing Cas is already going to be hard enough on you. Please don’t make it worse,” Sam is pleading now. Dean wants to smile at how well Sam knows him, but he can’t bring himself to do more than press his lips together in a futile effort to stifle a sob.
“Hold on, Claire, Jack is trying to tell me something,” Dean interrupts Claire’s semi-hysterical rant about Kaia.
“He was only a human then. His wings wouldn’t have shown up. I thought I had lost him for good that time. I think he wished I had let him die instead using Gadreel to heal him. I know you probably wish I had let him die instead of letting Gadreel use your body. But, Sammy, I couldn’t. I just couldn’t,” Dean’s voice broke. Fresh tears blurred his vision. Castiel’s peaceful face turned watery at the edges.
“I just realized I forgot my - ” Sam breaks off, slapping his hands over his eyes. “Sorry! I didn’t see anything.”
Cas stares at the depths of the murky brownish substance, and Dean’s about to force it down Cas’s throat himself to get this torture over with when Cas finally swallows the potion.
“You didn’t need to,” Cas says, glaring down disapprovingly at Dean’s suspiciously empty coffee cup.
You’re old as dirt. How have you never seen the Pacific Ocean? It’s amazing. I spent my first day here just staring at it for hours. The water was fucking cold, though.
Dean chuckles breathlessly. “But that one time with the hooker - I could’ve spooked you with a strong breeze.”
Dean holds up his hands. “Since I’m pretty sure their ‘content expert’ is someone who killed too many people and got kicked out of med school, yeah, probably. Food?”
“I didn’t need to,” Cas says primly as he flips his menu to inspect their vegetarian offerings with minimal interest. “You have a distinctive tone of voice when you’re going to ask me about new sex acts we haven’t tried.”
Cas straightens, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, and Dean has never seen anything hotter. “Was that satisfactory?” he asks, his voice raspy from the workout.
Cas sets the frog down on his desk in the study. He picks up the small rug and shakes loose any dust and debris. As he sweeps the whole mess into a pile, he says idly, “I suppose you need a name if you plan on staying.”
Cas has just made a new pot of coffee when the door to his diner bursts open with a flurry of patented Winchester chatter.
“Fuck,” Dean rasps, transfixed by the sight of Cas’s sure hands working open his belt buckle. “Who knew you were such a kinky son of a bitch under that trench coat?”
Dean doesn’t respond at once. Eventually, he murmurs, “It’s different for me too.” He raises his head, probably squinting up at Castiel. “With anyone else I’d think that was a line.”
Dean makes his way back to his dorm alone. He texts Benny as he tries to throw together a costume, something that will make it past Charlie’s apparently rigorous Halloween standards.
At the continued silence, Cas says, a little irritated, “In the original fairy tale, the princess throws the frog against a wall.”
“Hey, Cas,” Sam says sheepishly, straightening from where he’d been rummaging around the dead tree in the planter between the porch chairs. “Look, I know this is going to sound crazy - but have you seen a frog around?”
Dean runs his hand down his face. “Jesus Christ. Can’t you go kick them out? I’ve just spent the past ten hours on the road, man. I’m beat.”
Castiel positions himself at Dean’s entrance, and it takes everything he has not to bury himself to the hilt in one thrust. Instead, he watches Dean’s face for any sign of discomfort as he eases his cock inside in a restrained, amazing, agonizing push. “Fuck,” he murmurs as he bottoms out. Dean feels so wet, so tight, clenching around him - it’s going to take him a moment to get himself together. All he feels, all he smells, all he can
for him to think about during a dry spell. Like his fantasies about fucking Ginger from Gilligan’s Island. Or hatesex with Bela Talbot.
Cas shoots him an unimpressed look before he shimmies down Dean’s body so his face is more in line with Dean’s crotch. Thank god Dean doesn’t need to memorize this for spank bank material; any recollection would hardly do it justice - the feel of Cas’s hot breath over his cock, the way Dean’s heartbeat is thundering with anticipation, the expression on Cas’s face like Dean is the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
“Of course,” Castiel says matter-of-factly. “That’s one of the most compelling aspects of tribute bands, when they flip the traditional male-alpha dynamic of the original, and how they translate that into their own act while keeping the whole performance authentic to the creators. It’s a fascinating process to watch and study.”
family introductions since you apparently already know Sammy, and he’s the worst out of all of ’em.”
Sam scowls. “It had a resurgence after the angels came into the picture.” He casts a sidelong look at Cas, who’s apparently absorbed in reading a note from Vancouver, British Columbia.
“No, Jack,” he repeats, his tone steely, “if Wart wants you, he will initiate contact himself.” He sets Wart down in the middle of the kitchen table, out of Jack’s physical reach.
But none of that mattered because every step of the way from Castiel, mighty Angel of the Lord, to Cas, their friendly neighborhood angel-man, he never hinted he’d be down for a quick roll in the hay... or something more serious.
A light flush creeps over Cas’s cheeks. Score. Cas coughs, clearing his throat. “I inherited it from an old family friend.”
For weeks after Jack was born, Cas remained hypervigilant for signs of the hordes descending. He at least expected the Winchesters to work their way around the wards and safeguards he’d set up.
“I’m not bustin’ out the champagne,” Dean grumbles as they enter the city limits. “I can’t believe he made my baby a
“Does this school have Model UN?” Castiel asks. “I was looking to set up a chapter at Carver before I switched positions.”
Cas’s fingers clench around the bars. “How in God’s name did you make anything weird after dinner with Benny?”
“Hey,” Dean’s hand flies to Castiel’s forearm, “Wait.” He twists out of his grip, fumbling in the dark.
Dean wrinkles his nose. “That reaper really screwed you over, didn’t she? Look, just because you got shanked, doesn’t mean all sex winds up with an angel blade-”
“They’re going to dinner,” Dean tells Cas, unashamedly punching the air with his free hand. He reads his watch. Crap. “Gotta go. Crowley wants reservations for nine.”
Dean freezes, crouched awkwardly between a standing and a sitting position. “What partner?” he asks as he plops down next to Bones.
“Nobody,” Cas says, “but I’d like to think animal shelters and cancer research is more important than accumulating interest in a bank account or funding a superyacht.”
“No matter how your story started out,” Sam says slowly, “you won. And it seems like you did a lot of good along the way.” He gestures to the pile. “More than just saving people from monsters.”
Jack’s vision hasn’t come to pass yet. There is still pain and hunger and hate. But if Cas learned anything in the past six months, it’s the value of patience.
“I’m almost positive these are my thoughts since I got hit by the spell,” Cas says quietly. He points at his ribs - “Kill the witch.” His bicep - “buy a present for Claire’s birthday next week.” His left arm - “Do the laundry tonight because I am out of socks and shirts” He sighs. “Whatever the spell did, it doesn’t seem malicious - merely irritating and mildly embarrassing. I was going to research a way to break it in the morning.”
it’s a stupid feeling.” He swallows. “Even if I were to make it down to Tillamook with or without Jack, there’s no guarantee I would be able to kill the werewolf in time. After all, I ran away from my last hunt with my tail between my legs.”
“It gets better for you too,” Cas says in a low voice, and he doesn’t need to look behind him to sense his Dean freezing in place. “You have a home. You’re in control of your own life.”
Satisfied, Cas moves forward with breakfast. But he’s barely given Jack three bites of potato before the spoon wiggles out of his fingers and glides across the table to bounce off Wart’s head.
Feeling slightly lighter, Cas closes his computer and picks up Wart’s bowl. It’s time to take the clothes out of the dryer.
Donna’s surprise party at Fizzle’s Folly is well underway by the time Aaron extricates himself from a lively discussion with his Head of Department and Rowena MacLeod, Edlund's chemistry teacher. Aaron will never,
“Hey, Castiel,” Daphne interrupts, “Dean was telling us the funniest story about you from way back-”
Rain pours down in sheets the next day, so Cas sets out the pots and pans to catch the drips from the leaking roof. He pulls up a few online videos on fixing shingles and ignores his feelings of inadequacy. Jack needs a roof that doesn’t drip water into their home, so Cas has to supply this for him.
Castiel stares. “If you’re hungover, why are you here at -” he checks his watch “-seven in the morning?”
Dean sighs, rubbing his temple with the heel of his hand. “It’s just like, I don’t look like a traditional omega, so I figured I might as well try for the alpha roles.” He swallows. “’S a win-win situation. I look the part and the characters are better - what’s the downside?”
Dean snorts. “You don’t have to tell me twice. You haven’t hit rock bottom until you’ve had a turkey TV dinner at the Royale Motel in Scranton, Pennsylvania, on Thanksgiving.”
Castiel’s head snaps up. “Bad?” he repeats, faintly horrified. He sits up, staring at Dean, but Dean seems utterly sincere in his belief that his body is anything but sublime. Castiel frowns. “I was not lying or exaggerating when I said you are the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen.”
Castiel carefully transfers the dirty plates to the sink. “Getting along with him isn’t the problem,” he says darkly.
“Chuck tried to write about a bunch of thieves before he got to us. They all told him to fuck off.” One corner of her mouth raises in a small smile. “But not us. We all have red in our ledger, but Benny and I see this as a way to get some of it wiped out. Get the whole story out there.”
Cas doesn’t give an inch. “Patience, love,” he murmurs, one hand splaying possessively over his abdomen.
“A big deal of what?” Castiel calls to her, but she’s alreadydisappeared out to the front of the cafe.
James’s lips press together. “Thank you,” he says to the hostess, his tone clipped. “I’ll wait there.”
Cas’s whole torso inflates with the depth of his sigh. “No,” he says, but the word is muffled and has zero conviction behind it.
“Hopefully Tracy killed the other witch for encroaching her turf,” Dean sighs as he throws the motel keys down on the table and sets her laptop down with a shade more care.
With the new burst of Dean’s heat-saturated scent, Castiel only manages a few more wild thrusts before he empties into Dean and finally lets his knot go, tying them together like the perfect lock and key.
Bones is objectively a great dog, so Dean has no problem dog-sitting when Sam gets tapped for a week-long business trip. Dean hauls Bones’s bed, toys, and crate to his place, and bribes him with Dean’s special hamburger for a good first night sleeping over in a strange place.
Sure, she’s a little disappointed Castiel is clearly off the dating market. But, bonus, she has blackmail material on not one, but
Cas swipes his thumb along the title Dean wrote out, his forehead furrowing. “Do you want to come inside?”
Dean plucks out the rest of his fries and balls the wrapper against his hip. He lobs it in the dumpster. “No, I get it. I’m complaining about things that most people would kill to have.” He glances towards the mouth of the alley, his mouth set in a thin line.
Castiel turns back to him, eyes narrowing in confusion. He is about to ask about the change in mood, when Dean speaks up.
Dean’s scent spikes with anticipation, and Castiel can practically taste the slick in the air. He shrugs out of his flannel and lets it flutter to the floor.
“Because of their bandit masks,” Dean says, pointing to the question circling Cas’s hip, “around their eyes.”
Dean purses his lips, the last niggling doubt itching at the back of his mind. “Have you got proof that Chuck is pulling a fast one on us?”
“Gesture?” Dean echoes, “What the hell are you on, man? I don’t kiss random dudes because I feel bad for them, Christ.”
The exhaustion of his rut is getting to him. Still, his cock stands at half-mast from watching Dean, mostly naked, sucking peanut butter residue off his fingers. Castiel is frankly torn between bending Dean over the counter and taking him for a third time that night, or dropping off to sleep at the counter. As a perennial student, Castiel has had excellent practice falling asleep sitting up.
Dean could not possibly have heard what he thinks he did. But the timing is right - for once. He spins around, practically losing his balance thanks to the booze he already drank.
“At least I’m not doing it by myself anymore,” Cas says, cupping Wart in his palm and gently tipping him into his bowl for transport. He stacks the bowl on top of the small laundry pile and hefts the whole load into his arms. “I have you, and I can’t tell you how grateful I am.”
“I’m not waking up my girlfriend to answer a question you could just ask the guy yourself.” Sam pauses. “You know how much trouble I got in last time I interrupted her beauty sleep.”
Cas jumps like he'd just been zapped and stares at Dean, his blue eyes wide. “You almost sold your soul? When?”
Jack, already crawling his way towards them, pauses as Wart disappears into the leaves. Frowning, he squints up into the branches.
“Jack,” Cas repeats, gentler this time, “you can’t use your grace like that. If someone wants to spend time with you, let them come to you instead.” He takes a seat, bowl of sweet potato in hand. “If you force them, all you’ll end up doing is forcing them away.”
“Dude, I get that you have high expectations, but I’m not a teenager anymore,” Dean says. “I can get it up like max three times in a whole day, and, even then, that’s only with good pacing and a lot of time on my hands.”
Cas licks his lips, his fingers tightening around Dean’s. Slowly, he shakes his head. “A verbal confirmation, while nice, is not necessary.” He glances down at their clasped hands. “But hopefully, you’ll feel comfortable telling me someday.”
The smile slides off Kelly’s face. “Jody!” she says, spinning around to meet their Principal, holding a paper cup of coffee, and trailed by what looks like half the Edlund High teachers.
Castiel doesn’t know. Well, he knows it is a stereotypical omega trait to like housework, but he has no idea why Dean would whisper about it in a back alley like he’s confessing to defrauding an elderly relative. “And that is bad because…?”
Cas’s mouth sets in a hard line. “Despite my feelings for you, I am not yours to command. I will be going with you.”
Teeth gritted, Dean pulls out of his parking space, muttering about how long it took him to find it in the first place.
Castiel frowns. “Maybe I should run a club? Daphne has Amnesty International, Dean runs GSA, and you have Debate.”
After Lisa, I went off the rails. Tried to fuck you out of my system. Instead, I just got sick. Exactly what I was so afraid of. Karma for being such a dick to you, probably.
Then again, if Cas was a normal vendor, Dean wouldn’t have gotten to the point where he would have felt comfortable calling up his favorite leatherworker for a favor like this.
“Hey!” Kelly protests automatically although Dean is, unfortunately, right. But it’s not her fault everyone else on staff at Edlund High doesn’t know how to have a good time.
Lips locked together, Dean blindly backs them both up to the dark shape of the bed. All higher function flees Castiel’s brain as he gets Dean beneath him for the first time.
Daphne glances at her watch. Jody gives them a half-hour to get their affairs in order, but Daphne doesn’t mind staking out her seat in the Teachers Lounge early. She can save two of the precious few non-wobbly chairs for Kelly and Aaron.
By the time Aaron finishes off the rest of his beer, Daphne’s still one cosmo short, and it’s been at least twenty minutes since he saw Dean and Castiel.
“Yeah,” Dean says in a tone that clearly conveys he’s thought of this possibility before. He runs a hand through his hair. “It’s just - what if I take one of these roles, and it gets all this attention ’cause I’m in it, and it flops?”
“So,” Dean says, eyes dancing, “you can take the nerd out of the classroom, but you can’t take the classroom out of the nerd, huh?”
“It’s fine,” Castiel says wryly, not the least embarrassed by his state of undress. His old prep school tended to spit out boys who had no shame at all when it came to nudity or boys who had a panic attack if they had to take off their clothes. Castiel came out of that crucible decidedly on the former end of the spectrum.
“I’ve called for the burgers on several occasions at other locations,” Cas assures him. “It tastes as good.”
Finally, Dean shuts off his desk lamp, grabs his laptop just in case, and heads up to Naomi’s floor.
Amused, Dean throws him a long, considering look. “You’ve got one hell of a poker face.” He unceremoniously shovels the rest of the fries in his mouth and balls up the wrapper. He tosses it with practiced ease into the waiting dumpster.
“It was just easier if I stayed behind.” Cas reddens, his gaze dropping to his knees. “Your truth, Dean,” he reminds him.
Cas breaks it first, the uncomfortable itch between his shoulder blades setting in that flares up after going too long without conversation. “I’m glad I could break the curse.”
“Take it from a grifter - that’s the same thing in the end.” Dean scowls. He can feel Castiel’s warm breath against his cheek. It’s extremely distracting. “What do we do now?”
“Hey, it’s Dean - Dean Winchester,” Dean says, turning the collar around in his hands, marveling at the craftsmanship. “The dog collar just came. It’s perfect.”
“Yes,” Dean says testily. “You’re hot, and I’ve jacked off to this exact scenario a bunch of times - so, yes, ‘already.’”
You, with your stupid sweaters, your dumbass interruptions to every movie, your ability to see the good in everyone, you ruined me for everyone else. You sunk your teeth so deep in me, I’ll never get the taste of you out of my blood.
Dean throws him a funny look. “Yeah, you. You told me to get my head outta my ass and go for movies I actually want todo-”
“Maybe he told you his name was Carver Edlund,” Castiel cuts him off again, eyes narrowing. “Either way, he is going to double cross you and whoever else is working for him.”
. Dean’s never been able to convince him to go to a frat party - he’s not even sure Cas even knows where frat row
Dean opens his eyes. He almost thinks his body isn’t working properly, that his eyes didn’t open at all, but the Empty is just pitch-black. He pats his hair, and thank god the blood stayed in Hell while Dean was zapped out of there. He checks his jacket, feeling for the handle of his angel blade.
Silence falls between them, and Castiel glances over Dean’s shoulder, tentatively scanning for the people who caught his attention earlier. Plenty more would have approached Dean if he hadn’t slipped away to Jo’s latte, waiting for him; Castiel would bet his job on it.
Cas shrugs, but his response gets cut off by Marv waving for his attention. Holding up a finger to Dean, he slips out from behind the bar and refills Marv’s coffee. He obligingly listens to Marv drone on about his most recent crop of little starlets he commands with an iron fist at the local community theater.
“Benny,” Dean says grimly as they step over bodies. “He was supposed to just watch Jo’s back, but my guess is that they knew he was coming.”
“Jack likes mashed sweet potatoes,” Dean cuts him off in a carrying voice, “and he’s reading at a first grader level because he’s a nerd, like you.” Without a warning, he all but shoves Jack at Sam, who scrambles not to drop him.
“You invited me,” Dean says cautiously, and what he wouldn’t give to have that drink in his hands right about now. “Remember?”
On Saturday, they head to the park. Dean tosses a frisbee and Bones goes apeshit for about fifteen minutes before collapsing in a blonde heap of fur. Dean nudges him with his foot, but Bones doesn’t budge. Goddamn dog had to decide he had enough
Castiel’s grip is just the wrong side of firm - a man with something to prove. Internally, Dean recalculates his plan to include Castiel, conventionally handsome, with a C-Suite office. Powerful men like him, they often have the strangest insecurities. It’s all about sniffing them out without getting caught.
Dean shrugs. “I mean, I’ve been in my fair share of bar fights. Nothing’s more satisfying than knocking out an asshole getting handsy with a waitress.”
Dean glances up from his desk at Daphne’s acknowledgement. “Hey,” he says slowly, his eyes flicking from Castiel to Daphne and back again. “What’s up?”
It’s sky blue, soft and supple, and about the width of two of Dean’s fingers. Slightly thicker than Cas’s usual work. The name
Dean fumbles with his keycard to beep them in, and he quickly gets out of the car. “I live around the corner,” he says shortly. He tosses his keys to the valet, glaring at the red-vested girl the whole time, and doesn’t wait for Castiel to follow him down the street.
Dean throws his head back laughing. “Dude, I’ve been flirting with you since the first day of class.”
Like, if Dean had gotten the slightest whiff that Cas was down with gettin’ down and dirty with Dean as his last hurrah (which of course he didn’t), Dean would never have bothered with that stupid den of inequity. As hilarious as the outcome was, he would have gone for a little something-something for himself before the end of the world.
Dean turns to him in surprise, and Castiel would give up that free sandwich Jo offered him to be able to scent what exactly Dean is feeling. But, after a second that stretches into an eternity, all Dean gives him is a quiet, “Thanks, Cas.”
“I am not making you do anything,” Cas says. He lifts one shoulder in a half-shrug. “I have realized by now making a Winchester do anything is an exercise in futility.”
“Not on cheat day,” Dean tells him, lifting his empty cup. He turns to Jo. “And I wasn’t complaining at all. Cas was actually telling me about tribute bands.”
When he takes back, a stranger is bending over Bones, squinting at the dog like he’s never seen one before.
Dean takes a large step away from the pile of half-opened mail like it just started emitting Sam’s toxic post-Chipotle farts.
I don’t know how to say this in person, so Sam suggested writing it down. I didn’t tell him what you were, just that we had a fight.
“How come she doesn’t pull this shit with you?” Dean grouses to Benny as he counts how many twenties Jo left this time.
“Who the hell are you calling old?” Sam demands. “You watch Jeopardy! every night and your favorite food is meatloaf.”
Dean thought he’d made a compelling case: as their executive assistants, Dean and Cas knew their schedules down to the minute. They knew everything from their food allergies to their sleep apnea (Crowley) to their late-night Amazon impulse purchases (Naomi). Most importantly, they
“I’m not going to harm you,” Cas says gently. “I only assume it would be easier since my stride is longer.”
“We haven’t done that,” Dean says, frowning as he peers over Sam’s shoulder at the computer screen. The glare from their giant penthouse windows of Austin’s Fairmont Hotel makes it difficult.
“Good luck,” Novak calls to his back, and Dean almost flips him off before he remembers he is a good fucking person.
Dean huffs a dry laugh. “All from my brother. He’s a grad student now, but he did his undergrad there too.”
Dean automatically grimaces at the mention of feelings. But, hell, he’s not a teenage girl. He can man up and be there for his best friend.
Cas blinks, his confusion written all over his face. He gets up and walks to the bars separating them. “What are you talking about?”
The hostess scans her sheet of names, shaking her head. “There was a reservation for Winchester at four PM, but that’s it.”
reasonably attractive new hire, and everyone is acting more like gossiping, horny teenagers than sane, I-am-responsible-for-multiple-children, teachers. Luckily, Jody’s the principal and expert in wrangling children and adults of all maturity levels.
But Dean pushes away from the table, shaking his head. “No, no, no,” he repeats, hands balling into fists at his side. “Of course it’s the goddamn spell.” He shakes his head, feeling like the shittiest, lowest person on the planet. No fucking wonder it was too easy.
“Rowena’s attack dog spell!” Dean explains wildly. “It killed that girl Rowena was trying to recruit for her coven, but when she hit you with it, you didn’t die.”
Dean cracks up. Wiping at his eyes, he grabs another letter at random. “We’d better get going on the rest of these. The faster we read ’em, the faster Sam can reply.”
To Castiel’s surprise, Dean doesn’t get the glazed-over look most people do when he explains his field of study. “So what kind of music are you talking about?”
Dean drains his latte. Swallowing, he says, “Me neither.” He throws the cup in the open dumpster and turns back to Castiel. “I haven’t dated in a while, actually,” he says in a low voice. “Couldn’t risk being seen with an alpha and reminding everyone of what I’m not.”
They doze tied together, only waking up as Castiel slips loose and Dean drips a wet spot on the bed underneath them.
“So, I assume this is about the emails most of our board and senior executives received yesterday?” Amara says as she settles back into her seat.
No unattached drifter Christmas for Dean this year, with his unexpected business trip to Peoria. Normally he’d be fine with getting sent out on assignment - he spends three weeks out of every month on the road at his current job - but this was his goddamn week off, and he’d had plans for
Castiel climbs back to Dean and reaches for the hem of Dean’s tee shirt. He gently lifts it above Dean’s head, capturing his mouth in another kiss once they’re both completely bare.
“Believe it or not, I have been asked many weird questions before,” Cas says dryly over Dean’s laugh. “Hazards of the trade. What is your weird question?”
Sam had picked up chatter on the web about Gabriel running with a whole crew of thieves, each with their own specialty. He fell off the map soon after those rumors died.
"Hey," Dean says, hovering on the threshold of the door, "I didn't ask you out because of the spell, right? I'm not gonna wake up in a month wondering who the hell you are?"
“Not before you. I’ve,” Castiel pauses, thinking over his words, “never felt this way about a partner before. Being with you - it’s different.”
Cas rolls his eyes and ducks down underneath the counter for the stack of takeout boxes. As he gently lowers the slice of pie inside, he tells Dean, “This is for you. I assume you will be too busy to eat dinner at a reasonable hour too, so here.”
Dean moans as Castiel licks up his neck, lips pressing hard against his scent gland, where the smell of aroused omega is strongest. As Dean writhes under him, Castiel scrabbles at Dean’s belt buckle, growling in frustration as he fails to locate the clasp. He can’t see a damn thing, but he’d rather set himself on fire than leave Dean’s side to find a light switch.
in terms of fitting in with normal people stuff. Dean suggested they go on an honest to God date about two weeks after that went down - dinner at a fancy place in Salina. He even looked it up on Yelp. But, naturally, Cas had to ask ahead of time what usually happened on a date -
Kelly presses a kiss to his forehead and turns back to Castiel and Dean, who look more like two students caught passing notes than fully grown men. “Well?”
“Not off the top of my head.” Castiel pulls out his phone to look it up. He reads aloud, “Ghostfacers, directed by Ed Zeddmore, written by Harry Spangler. Starring Maggie Zeddmore and Alan Corbett.” He pauses, trying to remember the details. “I think they both were omegas. I’m sure there are more films like Ghostfacers out there for you to make.”
“I mean the angel’s been cursed with a love spell,” Rowena says with deliberate slowness, like she’s giving a command to a particularly stupid lap dog. “Was it not obvious?”
Cas sighs. There’s only one bed in this whole house. “Kelly’s room,” he tells Dean in a clipped voice.
that now,” Castiel corrects. “I don’t go anywhere. I don’t have any social media accounts. I - I once accidentally ate hallucinogenic mushrooms-”
Kelly laughs, a tad hysterically. “Probably. I - well, nice running into you. I need to go - my son’s wandered off, and I need to find him because I am not a terrible mother.”
Dean snorts. “Not everyone wants their bedroom to channel their inner 15-year-old kid. Your place looks like an actual adult lives here.”
“Aha!” Sam spins the computer around, the porn tabs banished to the void of Dean’s browser history. “The fans reached a milestone last week.”
I’ve been hearing stuff, Cas, and I’m scared out of my fucking mind. About men who live like us. They’re getting sick and dying and nobody knows why.
Sam peeks through his fingers. “Okay, but still, my bad -” His eyes widen. “Are those Scooby Doo boxers?”
Dean gapes at him, trying not to get his hopes up. He can picture it with alarming clarity, him behind the bar, Cas sitting off to the side, pouring over the books or a translation for one of Sam’s kids.
“I will always come to you when you call,” Cas says, throwing Dean the most sardonic look he can muster. “It’s
Dean hums his agreement. “Hopefully, she’ll pick out some decent ones, and I can get something set up for after Two for the Show wraps.”
“Impatient,” Castiel murmurs as he crawls back up Dean’s body. “Don’t you know by now, foreplay is one of the best parts?” Before Dean can snark back at him, he lowers his mouth to kiss him.
Castiel, still buried tongue-deep, groans as Dean clenches tight around him. He licks him through the aftershocks, smiling as Dean’s hole twitches and spasms with oversensitivity.
“Yes, I know who you are,” Castiel continues as Dean lets his surprise show on his face, “I’ve been following you and your brother for a long time - do you know how many people you’ve scammed who bought packages with Mountaintop Insurance? Fifteen, with claims totalling over fifty million dollars.”
Dean gapes. “Did you seriously -” he breaks off, apparently unable to voice the rest of his thought. His face turns an impressive shade of crimson.
Chirping angrily, Wart makes a wild leap for the stroller, but Cas has already started pushing Jack out the door, so Wart lands with a despondent slap on the floor a few inches too short. He croaks what must be frog profanities as Cas carefully shuts the door behind them.
Dean leans in closer, whispering in his ear, “Doesn’t bother me much. Whaddya say to giving the peeping toms a show, then?”
Dean demands as he takes off his coat. Head aching, he just had a grueling day of pathophys and epidemiology & biostatistics and spent the past hour daydreaming of vegging out on the couch. But he barely stepped across the threshold before Cas was on him, yammering on about a spell gone wrong.
Castiel tilts his head to press a kiss to the top of Dean’s head. “In that case, sweet dreams, Dean.”
Jo steals Dean’s wallet no fewer than seven times while they plan the heist, sometimes in the elevator up to the hotel room where they’re doing the planning, sometimes from the short walk from the elevator to their room. “If you don’t want me lifting it so often, you shouldn’t make it so easy,” she says, sipping at the coffee she paid for with Dean’s petty cash.
Whatever Dean had been expecting as Cas’s deep, dark secret, kinky sex acts were not on that list. In all the times he’s tried to picture Cas’s sex life, he’s only come up with a big fat blank. Cas has never dated the entire time Dean has known him. Honestly, Dean would’ve thought he was a virgin, except he hangs out with that Meg Masters, who would never be caught dead in the vicinity of any virgin unless it was to make a ritual sacrifice.
“In the flesh,” Gabriel says, preening a little. He points at Dean. “You’re the new grifter? It’s eerie, almost like looking in a mirror.”
Dean stalks into the motel office, fully prepared to get through this interaction with the fewest words as possible. The sooner he gets his room, the sooner he can get the hell out. He spotted a promising roadhouse on the way in. Hopefully they’ll have a V-Day dinner special and more than a few desperate regulars looking for a stranger to spice things up.
Castiel lets the door slam behind him, unable to hold back his corresponding smile as Dean lights up to see him.
Cas goes, a bemused expression on his face. “Like this,” Dean murmurs, positioning Cas on his back as Dean rolls to his side. He reaches down between them, wrapping his fingers around Cas’s cock. It’s been a while since he’s done it to someone else, but handjobs aren’t exactly rocket science.
As Castiel pushes open the door, Dean is waiting outside. Dark sunglasses shield his green eyes, and a violet bruise blooms over his left eyebrow. As the alley door slams shut behind Castiel, Dean winces. His left hand holds a half-empty paper container of french fries.
But this thing with Cas is so new - rescuing Cas from the Empty, telling him haltingly and not in so many words Cas could have what he wanted after all, doing their weird not-dating thing that works for them. Dean can’t be sure they’re on the same page about this.
“Of course,” Cas says, like he finds Dean’s doubt amusing. “I’ll need the dog’s weight and any preferences you have for the piece.”
When Jo next ducks her head into the kitchen to tell Castiel that Dean will swing by in fifteen minutes, Castiel gets to work. He awkwardly sidles behind the front counter and maneuvers around Ruby and Kevin, nearly knocking Kevin’s elbow as Kevin attempts some elaborate leaf pattern.
Face falling, Castiel reins in his disappointment and rejection as best he can. “No, not unbreakable,” he echoes, his voice hollow.
They keep walking and turn a corner. Down the hallway, Dean gets the briefest glimpse of a body-armor wearing security guard striding towards them before Castiel yanks Dean back around the corner. He shoves both of them into the first open door, a closet full of empty safety-deposit-like boxes.
Dean’s so used to studying Cas’s normally stoic face for signs of what he’s really thinking, it’s easy as pie to key into Cas’s tells now. He grins as Cas lets out a little surprised gasp, adding more pressure as Cas breathing speeds up. As Cas shakes apart, Dean kisses him through it.
Cas sets down his own burger. “It looks like we might be pulling this off after all, which made me think about my own dating life.” He exhales a slow breath. “I haven’t had the time to date since I took this job.” He eyes Dean carefully “I don’t think you have either?”
At their blank faces, Dean swears loudly. He pulls out his phone and dials, waiting with mounting impatience as the phone rings.
The man, Castiel Novak, by the smudged nameplate, glances around, like he’s waiting for someone else to call him away. When nobody appears, he says awkwardly, “I’m sorry, Mr. Winchester, but your room isn’t ready yet.”
Castiel loses it as Dean lets them into the vestibule of his loft-style apartment building. He crowds Dean against the row of mailboxes, crushing their mouths together. Dean makes this delicious noise of surprise against his lips, and his blooming scent clouds Castiel’s senses in a heady haze.
Dean can put on his big boy pants (figuratively, since the pajama pants he’s currently wearing are covered in hotdogs and are the most comfortable pants he owns) and tell the naked guy to take a hike. Or ask for his number.
Dean crosses his arms over his chest. He throws another calculating glance at Cas. “He’s not writing love songs or grabbing a boombox, so he’s obviously not cursed.”
“Anywhere we can put him down?” Dean asks, an apologetic tone to his voice. He kicks at a broken piece of crib with the toe of his boot.
Dean inhales a sharp breath. He’s made it this far; he can’t chicken out. “No, I - this is for you,” he flips it hand-first to Cas.
“Okay, but,” Dean starts, rolling his eyes at Cas’s butchered Star Wars reference, “Yoda’s a lot of things, but applicable to the real world without space lasers, he is not. Sometimes the only thing you can do is try, dude.”
“Fine,” Rowena says airily, to Dean’s complete surprise. Maybe she’s not such a heinous bitch after all. “I’ve had my fun. It’s like taunting a small child - at some point it becomes all rather repetitive.”
Dean coughs, trying to drag himself back to the present, to what Cas is actually saying. “This number good?”
The photogenic Pacific Northwest scenery blurs past, but Dean pays it no mind, concentrating on the road.
So now, Cas only stops Jack from using his powers if they cross some other rule. His grace is a tool, neither bad nor good. It all depends on how he uses it.
Dean’s mouth is soft and surprised under his. Hesitant only for a split second, Dean finally kisses back; his gun-callused hands are gentle as they cup the hinge of Cas’s jaw.
It’s his last goddamn night in this apartment building. If this all blows up in his face, he’s going to be across town tomorrow, enjoying a cold beer and his first-ever dishwasher.
“If you’re looking for something to eat that’s not a whole meal,” Cas starts, fingers tapping nervously on the cover of his paperback, “there’s a pie stand off Southport, near exit 41?’
Dean breaks away from Cas’s mouth to kiss at the hinge of his jaw, tonguing Cas’s pulse point as Cas gasps for air. He works the skin between his teeth, not enough to bruise or hurt, just enough to show Cas he means business.
Cas turns his head so he can glare balefully down at Dean with one brilliant blue eye. “Todd refilled the soda machine incorrectly. We had to reimburse ten customers who poured the wrong drinks despite the clear signs indicating the buttons were temporarily incorrect.”
“Did you eat breakfast?” Cas asks, slightly revulsed but entirely unsurprised as Dean inhales half half of the fries and a quarter of his burger in record time.
Cas whirls around, his face a mask of frustration and an emotion Dean has never seen before. “I did, and you know what? They screwed me. And, please forgive me, Dean, but I am tired of being used and used up, over and over.”
“There’s a reason I never told the company to pursue you, your brother, or a select handful of other people who have stolen from Mountaintop’s clients very hard, even though I put the pieces together a few years ago,” Castiel says calmly. “No matter how you spend the money, it can’t be worse than where it came from.”
Kelly said he was being paranoid when they picked a pediatrician four towns away, but Cas had to err on the side of caution. If angels, if demons, if the
“My full name is James Castiel Novak,” Cas says, flushing. “James - that’s what I go by professionally. My family calls me Castiel.”
He got all the way here, and he’s going to be wandering around like a moron until the Empty comes back and all the prayers in the world won’t save his ass -
Dean can practically hear Cas roll his eyes through the phone call. “Come down to Naomi’s office when you’re done. I’ll order burgers just in case they come back to work after dinner.”
“Oh, well, it’s all yours then,” Dean says, blushing to the roots of his hair as he gestures to the now available men’s room.
Aaron grimaces. “I nearly walked in on them having sex in the bathroom at Donna’s surprise party last weekend.”
“Every day, that vision of Dean happy seems farther and farther away.” Cas blinks hard. “All the books say parenting is stressful, but I doubt any of the authors ever raised the most powerful being in existence or told him he can’t have applesauce for three meals in a row.”
“He’s a little more than that, so you can lay off the beans,” Dean says with a ridiculous confidence in his voice.
When Cas returns with it two weeks later, Dean finds it engraved with Cas's initials to mark what’s his.
“And I have come to the conclusion that there is nobody I would rather spend all my new free time with but you,” Cas says, plain and honest as anything.
Cas nods jerkily. “I know, and that’s fine.” He tries to take a step back, but there’s nowhere to go since he’s already backed himself up against the door.
“Daph was just telling us about her plans to do a joint project between GSA and the Amnesty International club,” Dean says. “Cas says he’ll come to GSA next week.”
Dean tries for a mocking leer, but it comes out more like a dopey, hopeful smile. “You wanna get it engraved? Put up in neon in the Dean cave?” he asks, eyebrows raised as excitement courses through his veins. Cas loves
“I also personally put it in jeopardy more than once,” Cas mutters. “I trusted Crowley to steal Purgatory. I trusted Metatron to bring peace to Heaven. I trusted Lucifer to take out the Darkness.”
like dwelling on the people you hurt? In my line of business, I don’t hurt people through a computer screen or charm them until they actually ask for it themselves. It’s just me and them, until it’s just me.”
“You could say so, in a sense.” Cas raises his eyes to meet Dean’s, face softening, and Dean’s going to hurl for real this time. Cas continues, “There’s not much in my life I keep from you.”
Dean makes a face. After a pause, he says, “My parents said they were true mates, but it wasn’t… pretty. No Hollywood romance between them.”
“No, - look,” Dean says impatiently, “I was just wondering if you wanted to celebrate the no vacancies thing.” He pushes a few fries around his plate. “With me - later.”
“Yup,” Dean says. “The Spawn of Satan himself. Say ‘hi’, Jack.” Grinning, Dean takes Jack’s wrist in between his thumb and forefinger and flops Jack’s fist around in the barest approximation of a wave.
Wart goes positively deranged as the princess wakes up from true love’s kiss. Hopping wildly and croaking furiously, he knocks over the spray bottle and nearly smacks Cas right in the face. Cas catches him in time.
Daphne looks too, and there’s no mistaking what Dean and Castiel were doing. Their lips are swollen from kissing, and, weirdly, Castiel’s tie faces the right way. Daphne snorts. Probably because he didn’t tie it himself, for once.
Castiel makes his way forward, keeping his gaze firmly on the line of people waiting to see Lez Zeppelin. With each new face he passes, a new ball of dread fills the pit of his stomach. He must be getting closer to Dean, but the scent is only growing stronger too.
“Sammy looked it up. This place runs on the intentions of the most powerful being here,” Dean says, screwing up his face as he tries to remember the specifics, “That’s how the cosmic Jell-O put everyone to sleep. And why it was so mad you woke up. When you got that zap of nephilim mojo, you could challenge it for control.”
Dean’s laugh cuts off with a wince. He raises a hand to his head. “Christ, last night was a mistake.”
Technically, Castiel needs a celebrity acquaintance as much as he needs a free bag of cat food (he doesn’t have a cat).
Cas raises his gaze, the corners of his mouth lifting into a sly smile. “Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy-”
“Go!” she actually flaps her hands at him. “One more try won’t kill you. C’mon, you know you’ll regret it if you don’t try…”
But, in college, Castiel found music and his calling. And all his faults didn’t matter nearly as much.
Dean zeroes in on his mouth. He pulls them flush together, one hand wrapping around the back of Castiel’s neck, the other at the small of his back, to close the distance.
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Dean get to his feet and walk over to the bars separating their cells. “I mean, I didn’t feel it with her.”
Sometimes, Cas despairs of Dean Winchester. He has to be the most boneheaded human in existence with the greatest destiny in all of creation.
For one night, Cas fooled himself that things between them had changed. Dean let him drive the Impala back to his place, and Cas fell asleep on his couch embarrassingly early into an Indiana Jones marathon. But, in the morning, Dean mentioned nothing of the previous night. He quietly made them breakfast and made smalltalk over pancakes.
“Keep talking medical to me, Dr. Sexy,” Dean says, half-amused, half-exasperated. “Are you gonna come to dinner with me or not?”
Said friend occupies himself by splashing between the two pans collecting the water leaking from the ceiling with unrestrained glee.
Wart leaps over the threshold, likely nothing but a green blur of movement to human eyes. The frog sizes up the situation quickly, hopping up into the stroller seat.
I guess I just have to know, are you as pissed off as I am about this? Not pissed at you, just pissed at everything.
But before Dean can leave, Castiel says quickly, “That’s not the way I see it. Your specific frustrations aren’t universal, but hardly anyone’s are. Society is inherently unfair, and it’s understandable to be angry about it.”
Castiel is elbow-deep in suds when Jo plunks a medium to-go cup on the edge of the sink. “Thank you?” he says, bemused.
Logically, Cas knows the frog can’t pass on anything harmful to Jack, and it's been such a long day. So, with shoulders slumped in defeat, he marches them both upstairs for bedtime. He doesn’t have the energy to argue this one.
Dean shares a loaded glance with Castiel, and Kelly has no idea how she missed the whole couple thing. Eventually, he says, “After two f-” he glances at Jack, “-friggin’ years, he finally got sick of cold feet in my bathroom.”
Sorry I yelled over the phone yesterday. It’s just hard, you know? Doing this with you, seeing each other every few months, hiding it from everyone, from Sammy. It’d be one thing if we could live as confirmed bachelors or some other bullshit, but you live halfway across the goddamn country.
Edlund faculty members, and possibly a pinch-hitter babysitter waiting to happen. Not bad for a shopping trip with a four-year-old in tow.
Dean, still half-standing, half-leaning over him, frowns. He falls back to his seat with a thump. “Because you weren’t going to do it first?”
Castiel throws him a look for humoring him, but Dean ignores it as he stuffs half the sandwich in his mouth. “I see you don’t reserve back-alley table manners for a literal back alley.”
Cas steps forward, and Dean can practically feel the weight of Cas’s gaze on him. Dean doesn’t turn around; he can’t. He can’t look at Cas and know it’s the last time he’ll be seeing that half-exasperated, half-smitten expression on his face.
I think I’m going to take that job in San Francisco. It’d still be trucking across the country, so I’ll probably swing back around to Chicago at some point.
Castiel sets down his tub of dirty dishes. “He nearly peed himself when he had to tell you he dropped a tray of scones over the floor last week,” he says flatly.
Christ, are they filming a porno in there? A whole new series of feminine moans filter out the door, rising in pitch and volume to nearly a scream.
Once Cas told him about his business trip to his neck of the woods, Dean had taken one look at the numbers on his arm counting down and did the math. He would meet his soulmate smack dab in the middle of Cas’s window in Chicago.
Dean rakes his gaze up and down Cas’s face, looking for a break, for a tell - even though he knows he won’t find any. “You saved the world. A couple of times by now.”
“Lemme know if I make a wrong turn to get to 105,” Dean says. He steps on the gas as he turns off the dirt path and onto North Cove’s main street.
Dean stood, buck naked in his own bathtub, feeling more naked than he ever has in his life. He cleared his throat. “Yeah,” he said after a beat, “a lot’s been going on.”
“I’ll come find you immediately after I’m clean,” Cas promises as he twists around to turn on the shower. He sticks a hand into the spray, testing the water temperature. He grimaces at the cold - it usually takes a few seconds for the heat to kick in.
Dean steps closer and presses a kiss to Cas’s stubbly cheek. “Yeah, no problem. I know how it is after a hunt.”
“Seriously?” Dean asks, staring at Cas in horror. “You couldn’t have made the solution, like, Led Zeppelin lyrics?”
Dean ignores her in favor of the painting behind the bar. He doesn’t have a crap ton of art expertise, but he’s picked up a few things. A lot of money travels in the high-end art circles, and Dean has stolen a painting or five before. This
Castiel’s brow furrows. “Purchasing home goods?” He gets to his feet. “I was searching for a suitable bathmat when I found Jack.”
“I think I’m doing the right thing, but how can I know for certain that he won’t grow up like his father?” Cas shakes his head. “Dean raised Sam, practically on his own, and he was a child himself. It shouldn’t be this hard for a being my age who has watched countless generations of humans raise each other.” He swallows. “And yet it is.”
On the way to Amara, Head of Securities for Mountaintop Insurance, Dean passes dozens of cubicles, all full of people eating at their desks. He doubles back and finally lucks out with an empty office.
Castiel goes bright red. It’s a good color on him. Brings out the blue in his eyes. “I - well, that is to say - I am not - it’s complicated?” he fumbles.
Dean yanks at his own tie, leaving it askew and pushes Castiel out the door. He stumbles out after him, giggling. “Jesus, babe, I told you -
“Retribution for billionaires, war profiteers, and Wall street bankers,” Castiel lists rhetorically as Dean’s mouth falls open, “who take advantage of millions of foreclosed homes?”
Cas steps tentatively into Dean’s room, his face weirdly apprehensive. “That’s not what I meant at all.”
He feels more than sees Dean shrug. “He’s this super smart professor or something. What the fuck would we talk about?”
Dean’s voice carries through the doorway, uncharacteristically high. “’S it time for the meeting already?”
Castiel frowns as the overly sweet apples hit his tongue. He can barely taste the coffee underneath all the other layers.
Dean studies Castiel closely. He shows no outward display of lying, but those can be overcome (Dean is a walking, talking example of that). “I have no idea-”
“But that wasn’t enough to sway you before,” Cas says carefully, in case the conversation drums up any lingering reasons to kill his charge. “You and Sam always knew he was an innocent, but you still planned to kill him.”
But Dean finds Cas in the library, sitting more or less where he left him before Dean had his little wallowing session in his bedroom.
So far, he’s bought three collars from Cas. Forest green. Jet black edged with impossibly fine black lace. One made mostly of white lace over a thin strip of leather, entirely for show and no hard play.
Dean grabs Castiel’s hand and practically drags him around the next corner. “See,” he mutters, “this is why you shouldn’t trust an accountant to do a grifter’s job.”
Dean stomps down all the way down to the vault where they keep their most skeevy ingredients. He finds Sam and Rowena bent over a brass bowl. Their clothing is intact, thank god, but Rowena's hair has like three red curls out of place and her lipstick is smudged, so she’s the most mussed Dean’s ever seen her.
Upstairs, Cas shushes Jack with a few murmured words of comfort, lifting him out of his crib and carrying him to the changing table. Jack, used to the routine, is only a little fussy, so Cas makes quick work of cleaning Jack up and bringing him to the kitchen for breakfast.
“We don’t have the necessary supplies to keep a pet,” Cas says, exasperated. “And who knows what sort of bacteria and diseases it may carry.”
Dean snorts. “Maybe six years ago when I was doing B-level flicks and trying to meet as many people as I could. Now I have a back-to-back shooting schedule and hangovers if I don’t pace myself.”
He’s conscious of things grabbing for him, hands and claws and teeth, but he pushes through them with ease. The sounds of battle erupt all around him, a cacophony that beats alongside the pounding of his pulse as he gets closer. Black smoke twists past him, keeping time with his footfalls. There’s no identifying features, no way to know for sure, but he hears a voice somewhere in his head that sounds a lot like Meg’s telling him to hurry the fuck up.
Sam moves quietly, one hand in between Dean’s shoulder blades, the other on his arm. “Dean,” he says, and his brother stirs but doesn’t open his eyes. “Dean, let's get you to bed.”
There’s frustratingly no real indication that they’ve traveled any distance save for the burning in Dean’s thighs and lungs. Eventually though, a light on the horizon starts to swim into view. It’s familiar, somehow. Still too far away to say for sure, but his heart leaps into his throat in that unique way that only ever follows in Castiel’s wake, so he’d hazard a guess that it’s his.
The first angel falls for his misstep and all but impales itself on the angel blade. The light intensifies, gutters, and then disappears along with the body back into the darkness. He sneers at the other two, “So you can die here, huh?”
After they’d rushed home, they found Dean on the floor of the dungeon, blood staining his jacket, eyes somewhere far away. He didn’t say a word when they came in, just slowly looked up at Sam and let a shaky breath slip from between his lips.
Before Dean can even process what he’s doing, Cas plunges a hand into his own chest, and screaming through gritted teeth, wrestles out a ball of pulsating, living light. He holds it between them for a second, almost unsure, and then tosses it to the portal. Jack snaps his fingers, the rift seals definitively, and then Cas collapses bonelessly across Dean’s chest like a puppet whose strings have been cut.
He’s giving Sam the pieces, and Sam goes to work slotting them together. Here, there -- no, this one. He’s starting to see the image, but he’s afraid to look at it fully. His stomach churns. Dean lets out a laugh, but it’s a ruined, treacherous thing. “He told me.” He sucks in a breath, ragged and staggering. He has to take several more. Tears run down his face, hot and fresh and fast. “Told me the truth.”
Back at the bunker, Sam offers him one sad, sheepish glance, and disappears with Eileen into the relative darkness of the hallway. He watches after them for a beat, unsure of what to do with himself. Eventually he pours himself a drink, and then another when he finishes the first. He traces their initials on the tabletop with his index finger, eyes blurry and unfocused. Around drink number three, he pops open his pocket knife and starts carving Jack’s name where it belongs.
Closer now, Dean sees Cas strung up like he’s been crucified, black tendrils holding him aloft by the wrists and ankles. The Empty had wanted to make an example of him, a warning, but all it does is light a brighter fire in Dean’s gut. He snarls and pushes his body past it’s breaking point, desperate to get to him, desperate to take him home.
“The Empty,” he starts, but the rest of the explanation gets caught up in a small, choked sob. He scrubs a hand over his face. “Took him.” Sam knows there’s more. He waits. Minutes pass. Dean toys with the rim of his empty glass. Eventually, he whispers, “He made a deal to save Jack, apparently. Said The Empty would come for him when he had a moment of -- I don’t know -- true happiness, or whatever the hell that means.”
Several emotions flash across Dean’s face at once. Guilt, shame, sadness -- for a second, even anger. He deflates with a small laugh, and shaking his head, says, “Good things do happen, Cas.”
Dean almost hugs him. He almost runs and wraps his arms around his stupid, small little shoulders, but he stops himself at the last second. “Son of a bitch,” he breathes, shaking his head. “It’s good to see you, Gabriel.”
The archangel is screaming something, but the rush of wind in his ears makes it impossible to hear. He catches bits and pieces. “Your grace” and “let go” he thinks, but then the portal Jack created starts to grow larger in front of them, and Dean loses whatever else might have been said to the pounding of his own heartbeat.
His eyes are closed, eyelashes fanning across his pale, slack face. Wherever he is, he’s dreaming. He’s far, far away. Dean clambers to a stop in front of him, screaming his name, but Cas makes no indication he’s heard him. He takes him by the shoulders, shakes him soundly, but nothing changes.
In the kitchen, after he explains where he found him, Eileen asks what he thinks Dean was holding. Sam hesitates, and then slow and fumbling signs - “I think it was a mixtape.”
Dean looks at him for the first time, and Sam almost wishes he hadn’t. There’s no light in his eyes, red rimmed and swollen as they are. There’s nothing in him, at all. But he nods, he breathes. He doesn’t fight him.
Balthazar inclines his chin towards Gabriel slightly, but his eyes never leave Dean’s. “Heard there was a visitor -- could scarcely believe the whispers when they said it was
but Gabriel grabs him by the shoulder and forces him back to attention. “Dean!” Gabriel’s wings shift restlessly on either side of him, massive in comparison to his body. “We’re going to cover you. Just keep heading towards the light, okay?”
Gabriel grimaces. He shares a look with Anna, who nods, and rallies the others to her side. Balthazar appears and grabs Dean by the shoulder. “Hang on,” he clips, and then they’re in the air, soaring so fast he’s not sure even the Impala could hope to match it. He cranes his neck desperately to one side, warm relief flooding through him as he clocks Gabriel and Cas a few feet away, gaining speed.
Dean takes a breath and sets his shoulders. Another flash of energy and -- Zeke? No, Gadreel. The woman next to him looks familiar, as well. Hannah, maybe. He shakes himself free of his thoughts and looks at the light on the horizon, a sudden resolve replacing any anxiety. With a signal from Gabriel, he takes off at a sprint.
Sam thinks of Cas in the backseat of the Impala, where he thought no one else could see him, eyes tracing the line of Dean’s shoulders, the shell of his ear, the tilt of his smile, over and over and over again. His stomach pitches and sours. He looks to his hands. This is all Dean can muster, it seems, because they both fall silent after that for what feels like another hour. Sam is trying not to think about Eileen. He’s trying not to think about Donna, Charlie, and everybody else they just lost. He’s trying not to picture the ruined look on Cas’ face as he finally told Dean he loved him.
Angel blade in one hand, the demon killing knife in another, he stands at the entrance and takes a deep, steadying breath. A small smile twitches at the corner of his mouth. “Hey kid, will you tell Sammy I’ll be right back?”
“We’ll get him back,” Sam says, surprised at the hardness of his own voice. “We’ll get them all back, Dean.”
Balthazar loosens his grip, and then Dean’s on his bedroom floor, skidding across the concrete hard enough to bruise his forearms where they fly out to try and brace his fall. He looks up just in time to see Cas come through after him in an inelegant heap. Jack, from where he had been standing vigil in the corner, raises his fingers to snap but Cas screams -- “Wait!”
For a long time, Jack says nothing. Long enough that Dean starts to grow noticeably uncomfortable. Amara, from where she’s carved a space for herself, says -- “Balance.”
Dean rolls his eyes, and then he’s leaning over Cas, lips against his lips, hand over his heart. When he pulls away, his eyes are shining, but there’s a peace in them Cas doesn’t think he’s ever seen before.
Dean doesn’t move, so Sam gets a hand around his waist and drags him up onto the mattress, instead. He burrows into Cas’ pillow without any fuss, his hand flexing protectively around a small black object he’s holding against his chest. Sam tries to take it, afraid whatever it is will break, but Dean’s grip is vice like. He refuses to let go, even black out drunk and dead to the world. Giving up, he works Dean’s boots off one at a time, pulls the blanket up around his shoulders, and leaves quietly the way he came, flipping the light off as he goes.
He slides into the seat opposite of his brother, pours himself a modest drink, and says nothing. They sit like that for what feels like forever, until Dean finally clears his throat. Sam eyes the whiskey bottle dubiously. It’s empty, now. He raises his gaze to meet Dean’s steadily, but Dean is staring at his hands folded on top of the table in disbelief. His mouth opens and closes a few times. No sound comes out. He shakes his head, as if to clear it.
Over the course of a few rounds, Chuck tells them that book is being temporarily kept in the vaults of Mountaintop Insurance, where Chuck used to work until a year ago until they fired him for working on his book on company time. At least, that’s what it says on paper.
Cas lets out a surprised laugh. “Of course not. I didn’t even think - well,” he falters, casting a sidelong look at Dean, “I’m not disappointed. Believe me.”
Cas bangs his fist against the bars, and Dean jerks around in surprise. “In case you haven’t noticed, I haven’t gone anywhere,” he says once he’s sure Dean is actually listening to him instead of whining asinine arguments to the wind.
“What do you mean, ‘love spell’?” Dean demands with a fleeting glance at Cas, who’s gone red in the face. Dean doesn’t blame him - between the hooker with the daddy problems and the stabby reaper, he’d be leery of anything vaguely love-shaped too.
“’Course I didn’t force you,” Dean says bitterly. “You were always flitting off to Heaven or Bumfuck, Nowhere, to rescue a cat from a tree or whatever. I figured it was stupid to even try.”
Jody shakes her head, throwing him a bemused look. “I’m pretty sure everyone wants this started with and over as soon as possible.”
Jody jerks her head towards Daphne and Kelly, heads ducked together and clearly already back to it. “Watch out for ‘em. They’ll get you sucked in gossiping about the new hire.”
Cas raises his head to keep Wart in view. “I wonder if you miss the frogs back where you came from. Does your species form strong social attachments?”
Dean can make good on all those what ifs that have been plaguing him for years. “Tattooed on my ass?”
Naked guy is even hotter up close. Tall, but not as tall a Dean, lean but with enough muscle to make things interesting.
“And, regardless, your ‘hookup’ skills wouldn’t be relevant, anyway,” Cas says quietly, lowering his hands. “I’m not interested in… coupling.”
Confused and irritated, Dean takes another look around. Above the bar, a chalkboard clearly proclaims Happy Hour from 4:30-6:30 PM. Dean ducks his head, scowling into the remains of his drink. He probably overlooked the sign before because of his single-minded quest to get shitfaced like a freshly-dumped senior at prom stuck next to the spiked punch bowl.
Dean smiles tightly. “Nothing gets past you, does it?” He sighs. “You’re kind of right. Anyway, we found the witch and followed her home. It would’ve been a case of the hunter’s wham, bam, thank you ma’am special, but she got the drop on us.”
“I got that one for myself, thanks,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. “There are more words on your back, did you know that?”
Rowena pats him lightly on the arm. “What a gentleman,” she simpers as Dean pretends to hurl behind her back.
Face hardening, Dean turns on his heel. “You were right about one thing. I guess I do have more important things to do than staying here with you.”
Castiel’s skin is on fire everywhere Dean touches him. Drunk on Dean’s heat-fueled scent, he settles between Dean’s spread legs and blindly feels for where Dean wants him most.
Dean hitches a grin on his face that probably wouldn’t fool a blind person. “So, apart from that, how come you’ve never come to me for help? I don’t wanna brag, but I’m kind of an expert in hookups. Sam’s kind of hopeless. He can’t get a chick into bed without her dying on him.”
Dean shakes his head, his adam’s apple bobbing with the force of his swallow. “No guests, scheduled, no.”
Dean doesn’t keep him in suspense for long. He makes his way down the street, shoulders hunched, and head bowed. Gaze fixed on the dirty sidewalk, Dean doesn’t make eye contact with anyone as he turns the corner.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Next time you’re over at my place, we’re gonna watch Star Trek.” As soon as the words leave his mouth, he blushes furiously and averts his gaze.
Dean grins back. “At this point all you gotta worry about are mommy bloggers spotting that shitty anchoring job.” He points to where they jury rigged two tethers to the bench seat. “They’re brutal, lemme tell you. I thought Samantha could be bitchy during his time of the month, but one time, EightPackMommy-”
“You look remarkably more put together than last time,” Castiel says as he leans against the doorway, watching Dean sip at his drink.
Cas’s mouth sets in a thin line. “What do you want, Dean? I did as you asked. I told you the spell could only latch onto my feelings for you.”
Cas heaves a weighty sigh and finishes off his own glass of whiskey. Without another word, he half raises from his chair, reaching around the table lamp, to pour them both a second round. “I suppose there is a bit of a relief in finally saying it,” he says in a low voice. “I can’t be with him, but there is a certain amount of happiness in it being known, just being seen.”
Cas swallows, dragging his gaze back up to meet Dean’s wide eyes. “The reason I didn’t tell you about the love spell was because it couldn’t make me love you any more than I already do.”
Cas taps on the bars separating their cells, staring around the bland, grey cubicle. “I’m not going to tell you I told you so, but -”
Sam pockets his phone, and Dean grabs their half-empty drinks. Together, they make their way over to where Chuck and his companion are settling in their own booth.
“I’m not saying you can’t be in a relationship,” Jody says with a sharp look. “Just don’t… advertise it.”
“Sam and Dean were imprisoned by the government - which is a whole other story - and I thought I knew what I was doing, but I couldn’t find the vampire.” He shakes his head. “I asked the wrong questions, or I asked the wrong people - either way, I failed.”
“Really,” Sam says flatly as he reaches for the illustration. He whistles as he takes it in. “Nice light composition. And what are you talking about? We watched Scooby Doo like three days ago in the Dean Cave.”
After Sam confirms he’s in the system, Dean makes his way to Amara’s office. Through the glass, he a woman behind the desk and a man seated in front, next to an empty chair. Dean raps his knuckles on the door. “Ms. Tenebris?” he asks, willing himself to keep his gaze on her instead of flicking back to the unknown entity.
“I was happy to,” Cas says, and, in the background, Dean hears scraping and hammering noises. “I hope it fits.”
Dean shrugs. “My agent sent me a few pages of another action flick. The producer wants me for the big, dumb Alpha Lead.”
Dean huffs. “Yeah. I have a bunch of shirtless scenes, so that means three months with the diet coach from hell.”
“I should have known you wouldn’t have given up on your plan so easily,” Cas mumbles, half to Dean, mostly to chastise himself.
Cas’s shoulders slump. “I did warn you, you know,” he murmurs, trying to pass Dean on his way towards the door.
Cas, still suspiciously silent, shoves both his hands in his pockets and stares hard at a spot of the floor between his feet.
After they talk, one thing leads to another, and Dean has to show Cas for himself how well his collars fit. To foster professional pride. But there's nothing professional about the way they make out like teenagers in Dean’s bed.
things like that now) to Montreal with Eileen. Why Sam didn’t go somewhere with a beach and little umbrella drinks makes zero sense to Dean. It just proves that Sam is still capable of being a freak even after Chuck stopped pulling their strings.
“You bet your fucking ass it was nice,” Dean retorts. He bites his lip. “You really wanna do this? With me?”
Their relationship had stayed strictly professional until Cas’s actual car broke down on some random highway in California. Dean had tried to talk Cas through the repair himself, but it was no use. Cas either didn’t have the equipment for the fix, or Dean didn’t diagnose the right problem. Dean was about to hang up, when Cas had asked, clearly embarrassed, “Would you please stay on the line? I have this irrational fear of being murdered in the middle of nowhere where nobody can find my body for proper rites.”
Cas is blinking at him in confusion, wearing the same frumpy suit and rumpled trenchcoat when the Empty took him.
“I’m not surprised,” Cas says as he gestures Ambriel closer and hands her Dean’s meal order so they can keep talking.
Aaron and Kelly share a loaded look. Aaron is the first one to speak, “I think we’re good this time.”
Jack crawls closer, and Wart graciously endures a few pats to the head with the sense of a job well done.
If you want to call, my phone number is on the other side. No guarantee I’ll be home to take your call since I’m usually driving around, but it has to be faster than snail mail.
Two weeks ago, Dean got passed over for a promotion. He left work early for the first time in weeks, lazed on his couch for a few hours catching up on all the Dr. Sexy he missed staying late at the office. In a stink of his own BO and misery, he slumped into the shower.
“No harm, no foul,” Dean says with a little grin. “I got my caffeine fix eventually, and that’s what I really care about.”
I’ve never seen him like that before. And he thanked me-” Cas breaks off, pressing his lips together. “It’s been a long time since Dean thanked me for anything,” he finishes.
Dean cuts him off. “Don’t even think about it,” he says, tension radiating out from every word. “Zip it. Don’t even look at me.”
When Dean embarrassingly couldn’t think of a single thing people did on dates except eat and have sex, Cas went to
Aaron not-so-accidentally knocks his elbow, loudly, into the door as he turns to face Jody et al. “We didn’t see you there,” he says conversationally.
“Yeah, but,” Dean says, his voice petering off with embarrassment, “that didn’t mean you liked my movies.”
“So how did Chuck find you, anyway?” Dean asks. It’s just him and Jo in the hotel room, as Benny had left to make his own lunch, and Sam had taken off for a local Starbucks to launch a vicious phishing attack on anyone with an @mountaintop.com email address over the age of 65. The television plays some informercial on mute in the background.
“You’ve been researching how to be a parent?” Cas asks, intrigued and more than a little pleased. He’s mostly unfamiliar with online blogs, since he much prefers print sources.
Cas nods, his face resigned. He makes a shallow cut just below his adam's apple, and his grace slips out, smooth as silk. Almost too bright to look at, it spirals above them fluid lightning against the backdrop of the Empty’s darkness. His grace keeps going and going, and they both watch it, transfixed.
“I told my agent to tell them to shove it where the sun don’t shine,” Dean says cheerfully, “but they threatened her with a giant check, so she sent it my way anyway just for shits and giggles to tell them she did.”
Fucking great. Dean crumples the receipt and shoves it back in his pocket. With his luck, James will probably want to meet in the restaurant on the first floor, the fancy-ass place with the steakhouse burger and truffle fries Dean would actually sell his soul for.
“The majority of America liked your last movie, Dean,” Castiel says dryly. “Either that, or you have a very hardworking and wealthy mother who poured a hundred million dollars into ticket sales.”
He still sends Gabe a card for the holidays, and usually Gabe sends him back candy samples from wherever he’s vacationing for the winter.
“Oh yeah, it’s a doornail,” Dean says quickly, flashing a reassuring smile. “It’s just - how to break it. It was, uh, pretty specific.”
Dean tacks on, apparently unable to help himself, “It’s like you want him to hate humanity - feeding him that crap with no warning.”
“It’s the best pie I’ve ever had,” Cas continues. “They make the crust with lard and use entirely local ingredients-”
“And kick the asses of homophobes everywhere,” Cas adds with a slight dip of his head. He frowns. “Charlie said violence was a key component of any superhero mythos.”
Castiel’s eyes widen, and Dean almost laughs at the expression on his face. Like he thinks Dean is absolutely insane.
“Sure, man,” Dean said, mostly grateful he didn’t have to stick around and have some heart-to-heart with a stranger that was apparently meant for him. Whatever the fuck that actually meant.
Cas’s expression takes a swift dive from embarrassed to mortified. “And friends,” he tacks on. He takes a step closer, staring at Dean’s face in wonder. “But you’re also my soulmate.”
By the third flight of stairs, Castiel finally remembers Dean has been dieting and training to be in optimal physical shape for the past month, while Castiel’s most rigorous exercise consists of moving dishware. For god’s sake, Castiel doesn’t even know what floor Dean lives on.
At the sight of Wart in his bowl, Jack lets out a squeal. His eyes glow gold, and Wart chirps in alarm as he zooms across the kitchen.
Dean continues, “It wasn’t hard to read between the lines. You’re miserable out here by yourself with only a baby for company.” He gestures around the drafty, leaky house. “Come back home, Cas.”
Dean laughs giddily. “Should’ve known you wouldn’t beat around the bush. Not your style.” He jerks his head towards the bar. “I think I see an open seat. You wanna have that talk now?”
Pursing his lips, Cas offers his hand out. “There’s not going to be much more excitement down here,” he says, jerking his head up the stairs. “I can transport you back upstairs.”
“Seriously?” Dean asks, craning his head as he looks around. It certainly doesn’t seem like it used to be owned by a French wine type of person.
“And in the next second, you threatened to chuck me back in,” his Dean says casually. “Mixed signals like that can give a guy a complex.”
Dean wanders out as Castiel is slicing up a banana onto slices of bread slathered in peanut butter at the white marble-topped kitchen island. He’d cleared a little space for his plate, but it’s mostly covered with unopened mail, weighed down by a surprisingly heavy statue of an orange blimp.
It’s the kind of peaceful Cas has only felt before in the Impala, driving back to a motel from dinner immediately after a hunt, the Winchesters sated and tired, Led Zeppelin playing at half-volume from the speakers.
Away from the limelight, Dean apparently favors soft-looking flannels over worn tee shirts and jeans. In one hand, he holds a half-depleted sheaf of french fries. Stunned, Castiel doesn’t immediately hand over the reason for his presence.
Dean hesitates, but none of his carefully honed warning signals are going off. Castiel seems nothing but genuine. “Steal the copy of The Divine Comedy.”
“Stay,” he commands Bones, shooting him a warning look, which Bones ignores. He doesn’t look like he’s going to popping up to run a marathon anytime soon, so it’s probably okay to leave him for a second to grab Sam’s frisbee.
“You’re not broken,” Dean swears loudly, his anger flaring. “You’re… better. A new and improved God Squad, far as I can tell.” He narrows his eyes, daring Cas to talk shit about himself one more time.
Cas deftly plucks the flailing Wart out of the air. He holds Wart in his palm, petting his back soothingly with his thumb. Once Wart has calmed some, Cas tells Jack firmly, “You can’t summon Wart whenever you want him.”
Jack didn’t enjoy his time at the pediatrician for his six-month-old checkup, but the nurses assured Cas that was normal. He could mostly sympathize with Jack: Cas himself had been stabbed a few times, albeit with an angel blade and not a DTaP-filled syringe, and it was an experience that was far from pleasant.
“Come on,” Cas says, glancing up at the cloudy skies. Only six fifteen in the morning, and Cas is already looking forward to when he can put Jack to bed. It’s going to be a long day.
“You’ve got all those languages crammed in your brain, serious hand-to-hand skills - I could teach you all I know about cars, and you can add that.”
coming from behind the door. Not like the pained bathroom sounds like Great Aunt Rachel gets after too much dairy. Porn sounds.
“Are you hungry?” Cas asks rhetorically on the way to the kitchen. He drops off the baby bag on the table and sets Jack down in his highchair. It’s nearly seven at night, an hour after Jack’s usual dinner time.
Cas nods stiffly. Dean and Lisa were together for almost a year - a short period of time, for some people.
He shakes his head ruefully. “God, I have no idea if you’re even listening. But I guess that’s why they call it faith, right?” He smiles out into the darkness. “You showed me that, you know. I didn’t believe in any of it before I met you. I mean, I believed in family. I believed in the mission. But that’s not what you were talking about when you said I had no faith.”
“The spell has been nullified,” Rowena announces smugly. “No need to pay me. Samuel has already seen to my… reimbursement.”
“I mean, he is in your yard,” Sam says sensibly. “He had to know that was a possibility.” A pause. “D’you think he might be a witch?”
Jo elbows her way to the front. “Goddammit,” she says, sounding completely unsurprised as she stands next to Jody. “Really, guys?”
“I have no idea,” Cas says as he gets up and heads into his room. He emerges with a spindly metallic doodad in his hands. It’s delicate hands sway slightly even though there’s no breeze in their apartment. Cas glares down at it. “According to my measurements, we’re about a quarter of the way there.”
Dean scowls as he catches his mistake. “Don’t get ahead of yourself, Casanova. First Star Trek. Then Swayze. Maybe Hobbits.
Rowena turns around to face him. “And I thought this was going to be a challenge,” she chides. “Really, Samuel?”
Jack, sniffling, cranes his neck around to keep Cas in view as he opens the refrigerator and pulls out a few plastic containers of Jack’s food. “What do you think, Jack?” Cas asks, holding up the applesauce, mashed carrots, and sweet potato. He doesn’t have to wait long before the apple sauce goes sailing out of his hand to land awkwardly on the tray in front of Jack.
Hurrying through his morning routine, Castiel can’t help resenting Dean a little. If only Dean hadn’t chosen a profession where his literal job is to be whatever his audience wants him to be.
He told as much to Mary in that bar, but there’s no way he could ever impress how hopeless, how worthless he felt the entire time he was in Lancaster, Missouri.
Dean, almost instinctively, scoops Jack into his arms. “Hey, no, little man, it’s okay,” he says, awkwardly clambering to his feet and sidestepping bits of broken Ikea furniture.
He frowns. The neighbor he’s looking for is not Deaf. Maybe tone deaf, with how he butchered Single Ladies singing in the shower all those months ago. (And every song since.)
Dean laughs. “I puked the first time I had to do an eating scene, did you know? Nobody told me we had spit buckets, so there I was, cramming my face with mini cheesesteak sandwiches. We were coming up on take
“I looked into it. I didn’t need a degree to become an apiarist,” Castiel continues. “But there was so much pressure from my family - I still didn’t go into business, medicine, or law, but academia was just reputable enough to maintain my seat at the dinner table.”
Jo gives Castiel a short nod, her woodsy alpha scent flaring with irritation. “I’d take it out to him myself, but he always talks my ear off, and Kevin still can’t draw any latte art that doesn’t look like a dick, so…”
“It starts as a tiny seed, a wee obsession,” Rowena explains, “and grows and grows until it consumes you.” She squints, wiggling her fingers, and Dean just barely stops himself from jumping in front of Cas on instinct. “I’d say the spell’s gone about halfway through its course.”
“Nothing,” Castiel lies. At the slight fall in Dean’s expression, he adds, “I cleaned my kitchen over the weekend.”
“Yeah, me too,” Dean says derisively, “At least I got good at picking out the alpha assholes from the nerds, right?”
“I’ve been trying to find out more about him, but he’s so reserved,” Daphne is saying. She sighs. “I’ve always been a sucker for the strong, silent types.”
“Castiel Vauxhall,” Cas says, stepping forward after Dean and into the vault. “You’ve been double-crossed.”
Dean hangs up the phone with a sigh. He scans the hallway in case Crowley is about to pop out from behind the plastic ficus and rip him a new one for taking a non-work call during work, but the coast remains clear.
But Jack’s eyes glow gold, and the frog lets out an alarmed chirp as it zooms down from the cabinet. With a bit of midair flailing, it settles squarely on Jack’s head.
“Alright, alright,” Dean grumbles, “Look, I have to go. Cas’s giving me the stink eye for the call - you know how he is. Text if there’s an emergency - no, wait, make sure it’s a real emergency with Benny and get him to text me. You got that? Great.” He shoves his phone in his suit jacket with a loud sigh.
Castiel tilts his head. “That would hardly be your fault. Most failed films are hardly the work of one person. Usually, it’s a combination of a bad story, bad production, and bad acting.” He levels Dean an appraising look. “Right off the bat, you control two of those elements - pick a good script and act as well as you always have.”
“Whatever, boys,” Kelly says as she pushes her cart back towards the linens, “it’s your funeral.” She hefts Jack higher in her arms. “Say goodbye to Dean and Castiel, Jack.” As Jack waves goodbye, she calls, “See you Monday!”
Dean’s expression softens. “Yeah.” He coughs and fiddles with the remote. “So what’s the magic word this time?”
Dean leans against the back of a navy couch, arms crossed over his chest, eyebrow cocked as he watches Castiel enter his home. The ass barely seems out of breath.
“We called you because we need to translate the runes on a cursed box,” Sam says slowly. “We think it’s in some sort of cipher, since even Cas can’t get a read on it.”
Cas carries Wart in his bowl of water for the rest of the night as he does chores around the house and reads his newest child rearing book. The eighty-six other titles strain the small bookshelf in the living room. But if the next book can tell him how to keep the devil’s child from turning evil, Cas will keep ordering more.
“I don’t know anyone who has found their true mate,” Castiel says. His parents had a cold, distant marriage, to the point where a few times over the years, he hadn’t even been sure his mother liked his father’s scent. Anna happily mated another omega last year, and Gabriel avoids all romantic entanglements like the black plague.
because, despite his disappointment, Dean couldn’t let his soulmate disappear into the throngs of Michigan Avenue. Dean wasn't about to fall to one knee, but he also couldn't let his best shot just
Daphne blinks. “Dean? Yes, of course,” she says, mentally recalibrating her assessment of Edlund High's newest Latin/French teacher. He and Dean must be closer than she had assumed from their interactions in the Language Office. Maybe Castiel is less the stoically reserved type and more the shy, socially awkward wallflower. Her heart melts, so she adds, “the more the merrier.”
“You can always go outside to hunt for yourself,” Cas says, tilting his head towards the kitchen window, cracked open to maintain airflow but not let in too much rain.
“What an awful day,” Cas sighs as he throws himself onto Dean’s prized memory foam mattress. He doesn’t even take his shoes off first, like an animal.
“Then I'll pay this time.” Castiel roots around in his pants for his wallet but doesn’t bother putting them on as he makes his way to the front door. If he knows Dean at all, he’ll probably be up for round two after eating something.
Jack refuses to lie down despite his clear signs of drowsiness. He sits up, blinking slowly at the pair of them.
“Maybe,” Dean turns his back to him, turning on the tap at the sink to wash his plate, “but I don’t get the feeling you'd ever knock me down a peg to feel better about yourself.”
He doesn’t tell Wart about his loneliness. It’s a moot point, anyway. Cas can’t be lonely anymore. He has a frog to keep him company now.
“Am I-?” Dean gasps incredulously. He laughs, breathy and not at all sounding like himself. “I’m good, buddy. I’m fucking awesome.”
“Because I was coming straight from a trip to Knoxville,” Dean says, laughing at the expression of surprise and relief on Cas’s face. “I normally wouldn’t even book a hotel this close to home, but the stupid meetings are going to last three days, so here I am.”
“This is seriously what I get to look forward to?” Dean demands as he slides his gun back into the waistband of his jeans.
In the next breath, though, he told Dean he does the same when he’s scoping out a new location and can’t stay at a nearby Nine Spheres.
“I misspoke,” Cas says over him. “What I mean is, I would rather have no sexual relations at all if I cannot have all of him: mind, body, and soul.”
Cas shakes his head as he sits back on his bench, facing the concrete wall beyond the bars, not looking in Dean’s direction at all. He still can’t stop his leg from jiggling. “You don’t have to say anything.”
Cas certainly didn’t. Part of his penance in Purgatory was removing himself from Dean’s life as permanently as he could.
truth. But something big enough to count for Cas’s secret-hungry curse. “I once almost sold my soul to a demon,” he says in a low voice.
“You don’t seem all that messed up about it,” Dean says frankly. He gestures to Cas’s face, his own brow furrowed in consternation.
It’s like he’s been doused with a bucket of ice water. Dean steps back, shame filling him. That’s fine. He can regroup. Hopefully Cas will be more receptive behind closed doors. It’s not the first time this has happened, anyway.
When Cas pulls away, his face shows nothing but pure confusion. “Why?” he breathes, raising a finger to touch his lips.
It’s just - this has been his most closely guarded secret for years, and Dean has never given him any sign that he was in on it. What else could Cas have overlooked if he never noticed?
He idly brushes everything into the dustpan and dumps it in the trash. As he heads for the stairs to start on the upper rooms, he pauses.
Dean shakes his head, glancing down at their linked hands in wonder. “If I was about to see Robert Plant himself, I’d still say no.”
Cas takes a moment to get with the program. There’s a split-second (that lasts several years) when Cas almost seems to push Dean off him, but he kisses back before Dean can yank himself away first. Cas’s mouth is tentative against Dean’s, like he’s waiting for Dean to end it all and yell, “Got ya!”, but he unseals his lips with a light sigh as Dean gently parts them with his tongue.
He spies Dean after doing a quick double-take. Like earlier, Dean blends seamlessly into the crowd, wearing a dark flannel over a Led Zeppelin band tee-shirt. Head bowed and hunched over his phone, leans against the building, not engaging with anyone else.
Dean sighs. “Look, it’s fine. I got the message. Things weren’t right between us, so this is me trying to make it better.” He snorts. “And, of course, I get you thrown in jail.”
Cas sets Jack down in his crib, staring down at his charge. Such great power in such a small package. As he always does before he leaves Jack’s side, he presses a light kiss to Jack’s forehead. "I love you, Jack," he murmurs.
Dean sighs. “Just so you know. I won’t ever look like a real omega, but it won’t be as bad as this.”
Dean’s heart skips a beat, and not in the fun way like when he found out that widow housewife was down for an open relationship. He stares at Cas, the blood draining from his face.
Jody clears her throat. “Alright, settle down, guys,” she says with a sharp glare in Dean and Castiel’s direction. “As you all know, Homecoming is next weekend-”
“No,” Dean argues, shoving down everything else as his temper rises. “You’re hurtin’, and I can help. Why don’t you trust me? You trusted Crowley, Metatron, fucking
Dean throws his hands in the air, giving up on all pretenses. “You’re impossible,” he says to Castiel.
Daphne gasps, squinting to better see Edlund High’s newest hire and favorite English teacher (no offense, Kelly) getting at it on the lumpy couch in the back that no one sat on
Dean thumps heavily down into a chair. “Have we met her?” he prompts because he’s nothing if not a masochist at heart.
Naked guy blushes, and, holy shit, Dean watches it spread down his neck, almost to his collar bones. "A spell."
In the crowd of a concert, people are so far outside the ordinary conditions of life, and so conscious of the fact, that they free themselves from individual concerns and devote themselves wholly to the collective. All their fury, their joy, their hunger for what they can’t have, is sublimated into the music.
The blonde girl is back when Dean and Sam enter the bar to meet Chuck a half hour early. Dean jerks his head in her direction, and Sam rolls his eyes but leaves Dean up to his own devices and heads for an empty booth.
“Hold on.” Dean's hands are free of all-powerful infant, so he holds them up in supplication. “I wasn’t going to.”
Dean laughs, taking Castiel’s plate from him. “I can clean it,” Castiel protests without much force.
“No, I’m not coming back,” Dean is saying into his cell phone. “You’re Kevin Freaking Solo - you got this. It’s just for twenty minutes while I mainline caffeine so you don’t have to do this again in four hours.” He glances up, brightening as he takes in Cas, standing by Dean’s usual stool at the counter.
Castiel clambers off the bed and strips faster than he ever has in his life. He groans as his erection finally bobs free of his pants. He gives himself a few experimental tugs, spreading the precome down his shaft so he doesn’t drip on Dean’s floor.
He usually doesn’t, except when Dean conscripts him into some hairbrained scheme to get back with his exes. First, it was Robin - he stood through the sunroof in Cas’s car and serenaded her on the way to the grocery store. Cas, of course, was driving. Next, Amara: Dean met (ambushed) her as she got out of work with a homemade meal waiting in the backseat of the Impala. Luckily, Cas got out of that one after helping with food preparation. Most recently before Lisa, Dean roped him into his plan to get back together with Benny. He rented out Benny’s favorite crab shack so they could have an intimate dinner. Cas, this time, served as errand boy, ferrying Dean’s favorite pie from a bakery a few miles away just in time for dessert.
Warning bells go off in Dean’s head, honed from years of listening to Sam stutter through completely implausible lies (
miss an opportunity to talk to a drunk Eleanor Visyak, and Rowena turned out to be surprisingly knowledgeable about 17th century English politics.
In his room, Dean crosses his arms over his chest as Cas closes the door behind them. “What?” Dean says defensively. “If you’re looking for an apology - I’m sorry, okay? I know I fucked up.”
“Great,” Dean says sourly as he plops down on the couch. He might as well make himself comfortable if he’s not leaving anytime soon. “I assume it can be broken, right? We won’t be trapped here forever?” He reaches for the remote and puts on an episode of Scooby Doo to play in the background with the sound turned low.
“Christ,” Dean groans, his hands flying up to wrap around Castiel’s forearms in a bruising grip. “You’re gonna kill me.”
Castiel turns to face him. “I like it,” he says after a beat. “It has character. I don’t have many interests outside my studies, and I’m not going to put up the phonetic alphabet on my walls.” He smiles wryly. “I already see the notation in my nightmares.”
Cas kisses Jack on the forehead. “I love you, Jack.” He straightens up and faces Dean. “I think we’re ready to leave.” He makes to step around to the passenger side of the Impala, but Dean stops him with a hand to his elbow.
Dean steps out of line, into Castiel’s personal space and with him so tantalizingly close, Castiel can’t stop himself from ducking his head to scent him properly. His nose skims along Dean’s collarbone, up the side of his neck.
On their way out, Dean insists on stopping by the drug store for yet more candy. Luckily, the strip mall also contains a drug store, so Dean heads inside while a closing flower shop catches Cas’s eye. Dean hardly needs Cas’s help in picking out his preferred combination of chocolate, peanuts, and nougat, so Cas wanders over to the flower shop, inspecting the different plants for something to bide his time.
Cas smiles in return. “If I had known a love spell would result in this outcome, I would have sought out that witch ages ago.”
“Turns out it was useful info,” Dean sniffs. He lowers his voice even though there is nobody around for miles, “Look, I like kids. You accidentally got yourself a kid. I didn’t think it would be a total waste to learn about sleep cycles and all the other bullshit they complain about.”
“It’s not all bullshit,” Cas says softly as he turns back to Jack. “Looking after Jack has been one of the most rewarding experiences of my existence.”
Castiel admits defeat. “Fair enough.” Instead, he steps behind Dean and wraps his arms around his midsection, breathing in deeply. He still smells as heavenly as before - more, now that his heat’s gained some strength. Castiel straightens, rising onto the balls of his feet so he can stick his nose in the crook of Dean’s neck.
Cas narrows his eyes. “Probably finishing my book on Bell Labs and attending that talk in the library on local environmental initiatives.”
Castiel’s thrusts grow more erratic. It feels like Dean is squeezing the very life out of him though his cock. The pressure behind his knot is barrelling higher and higher, and can’t hold on much longer.
Cas shakes his head. “Souls are extremely volatile. Touching yours could bring this very dimension down, or wake everyone up, or something equally catastrophic.”
“He must’ve talked to everybody else,” Dean says bitterly. “The details… that’s not in any police record or newspaper expose.”
“Just trying to make conversation,” Dean says defensively. He leans away. “It’s fine. I can play games on my phone instead-”
Castiel hums again, digging his fingers into the meat of Dean’s inner thighs, keeping his legs spread and open for him. He probes deeper, trying to taste every inch of Dean he can reach.
Not to mention her rebuke from upper management.” He throws Dean a desperate look. “I would like for you to be fully clothed by the time you meet my coworkers for the first time.”
Dean might be amenable to bringing in a bigger paycheck, but, in their race up here, Castiel didn’t even get close to catching him. The whole point of the chase is to prove the alpha’s physical prowess, and here Castiel is, struggling to breathe like a Victorian omega felled by consumption.
Dean shakes his head vehemently. “That biopic will keep me booked up for the next two years, so unless they wanna wait that long, they’re gonna have to find someone else.”
Sammy was the big soulmate skeptic in the family. He found his non-timer approved other half while he was protesting an illegal dismissal of a disabled employee. Three years later, when Sam bumped into Gabriel Crawford in a strip club at midnight on Dean’s birthday, he discovered Gabe was perfectly happy to let Sam live his apple pie life while Gabe continued to party like it was 1999.
As far as Castiel saw online, Dean’s never spoken on the record about true mates, or any mates at all. Entertainment news sources reported rumors about him and a one-named alpha singer, Amara, early in his career, which he denounced thoroughly. A few months later, someone published revealing photos of him and an older alpha actor, Fergus Crowley. When asked about it, Dean refused to give details.
Dean holds up his hands. “Just checkin’. I don’t want you to hand out candy to a little Batman and tell him he’s doing a great job cleaning the streets of Metropolis.”
Sam and Dean fell into a life of crime early on. They had to, what with growing up like they did. Dad walked them through the credit scams, and Sam realized that was just the beginning. He cobbled together his own Frankenstein computer together at twelve. By the time Dad dropped off the map for good, Sam had the skills to set them up for life.
“Will suck, but in the meantime you saved our lives. I owe you.” Dean turns so he’s back to fully facing Cas. “So, tell me what this mystery guy is into.”
“We clearly do,” Cas counters, eyeing him like Dean’s an easily spooked zoo animal, “if you don’t trust me enough to take me at my word.”
“Because he’s mine,” Cas growls, all but grabbing Jack out of Dean’s arms. He clutches him close, probably too close, judging by Jack’s muffled whine of protest. “And you will not do anything to him.”
Cas has never invited him to anything before - except that fundraiser, and that didn’t really count since the whole point was to rope in as many people as possible.
Cas smiles like he can’t help it. He steps forward, right into Dean’s personal space. “I had no idea.”
They sit in silence, Jo finishing up her fruit salad, Dean idly flipping through daytime television.
Jack reaches for Wart, but Cas doesn't budge. With Jack’s powers, lessons on respect and boundaries cannot start early enough.
“Shit, yeah,” Dean mutters. There’s a click, and they’re both bathed in a soft orange glow from a lamp on Dean’s nightstand.
Castiel studies Dean’s open face carefully before he says, “But they have to be a more suitable partner than me.”
And also, what the fuck? Dean can’t get behind that idea at all. Dean’s always been a take what you can get kind of dude. He had to be, with what he has to work with - a pretty face, a killer's instinct, and an inability to have a normal relationship if his goddamn life depended on it.
“You’ll have me,” Dean promises, “but not until we get upstairs.” He extricates himself from Castiel’s hold.
Castiel frowns. “Do you really want to know?” He’s had too many conversations with strangers and casual friends who have asked the exact same question and regretted asking it almost immediately.
“Took me ten goddamn years to get that trenchcoat off him,” his Dean says, helpful as ever. “Worse than Sammy and his blue blanket.”
Castiel sticks out his hand like he’s greeting the President instead of Kelly’s four-year-old son. “You as well, Jack.”
He taps his fingers against his leg, his whole body jittery with nerves. “Look, what you said - I had no idea you felt that way.” He swallows. “And I think that’s my bad. We’ve been friends for ten goddamn years. How could I not know? But you were always leaving, and I thought…” he drifts off. “It doesn’t matter what I thought.”
Obediently, Adina relays this information, and her eyes widen at whatever Amara is saying on the other end of the line. Adina hangs up the phone and tells Dean, her voice faint, “Her office is on the eleventh floor.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Two for two, Sherlock.” He about-faces to the window again. “Rowena helped translate the bitch’s grimoire, and apparently she didn’t carbon copy the fairy tales, thank god. There was a one-sized cure fits all.”
“Which my cousin, Gabriel, caught on camera. Otherwise, I don’t engage with illegal substances or drink to excess. I,” he breaks off, trying and failing to keep the embarrassment from his scent, “I’m a very boring person, Dean.”
“He’s with his girlfriend,” Dean says before Cas can answer, “so he couldn't hop on this case. She got wind of a vamp, and they’re checking it out.”
Cas narrows his eyes. “I think you could do anything you set your mind to,” he says with that patented-Cas sincerity that Dean would call bullshit with anyone else. Cas continues, “Twenty-seven percent of restaurants fail in their first year, but I have every confidence in you beating the odds.”
“You literally are just about to do that right now,” Dean cuts him off sourly. He turns to glare at Cas, one eye already puffing up from his most recent punch to the face. “Just because you say ‘I’m not gonna’ in front of it doesn’t mean jack shit if that’s what you’re actually going to do.”
Dean deserves to be happy with his life and his work, but he’d also hardly welcome a nobody little alpha telling him to simply... do what he wants and damn the consequences.
“But this slice is mine,” Dean says hurriedly, clutching his take out box close like he’s afraid Cas will yank it back.
Cas squints at it; it looks like the same frog as before. The one that entranced Jack by the doorway.
“Dean-” Sam starts reproachfully, but Dean ignores him as he opens the cure and thrusts it back in Cas’s direction.
It’s hard to believe we haven’t talked in a year and a half. It’s July 4th as I’m writing this, but I’ve never felt less like celebrating. Do you even live at this address anymore? I have no idea.
That night, the rejection slid off Dean like water off a duck’s back, and he moved onto Castiel. If Castiel had said no, Dean would have found the next person in line, and maybe they would be here instead, talking about the posters over Dean’s bed. And when Dean loses interest in Castie, hopefully the next person will ask about his posters. He really seems to love them.
Bemused, Kelly pushes her cart after Dean, back to the display beds. Her eyes zero in on the orange eye-sore, currently occupied by a jumping toddler. A dark-haired man perches on one edge with his back to them, apparently trying to communicate with Kelly’s wayward son.
“And now I’m on my own again,” Cas mutters. “And I don’t really know what I’m doing at all.” He smiles humorlessly. “At least, if Sam somehow tracks us down from that email, I won’t be so alone.”
