"Part three, the teleportation of a live rodent," he muttered and pulled the rat out of its cage on its tail. He showed the camera, set it down and pressed the button quickly before it could run away. That was the hardest part with living test objects -- they always ran.
Luckily for Dean, his unconscious body was so relaxed that Castiel had nearly no trouble at all penetrating him with his fingers, and soon enough he had three of them inside of Dean, moving freely. In a spur of the moment, Castiel took another picture with a fourth finger up Dean's hole. Oh yeah, Castiel couldn't wait to see Dean's face the next morning, looking at these.
"Come on, Cas," Dean said, pouting slightly, and I stopped. No grown man should look this cute pouting. "We haven't really done anything together since your Mom left for California," he argued and I shifted slightly. This was a bad idea and I knew it. But what would Dean do if I said no? "Just this one movie," Dean repeated, sending me a meaningful glance, and I nodded, gulping. Just one movie and I could be back in my room.
"I-- I did," I say, voice hoarse, and I clear my throat awkwardly. I look away. "By the football players mostly. But it's alright, I survived."
"But..." Castiel started, not knowing where to start. There were so many things wrong with this. "But
Those were the last words I had to say on that topic and Castiel sensed this. "I already do love you, Dean," he said and I shuddered slightly.
Dean's eyes widened. This almost looked like... "
There was silence between Jimmy and Castiel while they stared at each other. Then, Jimmy threw his hands up in defeat and walked away.
"I wanna see progress today, Castiel," she said instead of a greeting and Castiel eyed up the man standing behind her. He didn't know the guy by name -Charles, Charlie, Chuck; something like that- but he'd seen him around enough times to know that he was another supervisor that usually worked on the floor above this one. The man seemed a little uncomfortable, as if he'd been dragged along by the woman in front of him -- and Castiel was pretty sure that was the case.
He pressed down on my dick again and I whined impatiently, rubbing myself against his hand. Dean was smirking against my lips contently but I didn't care. I
"You know, I'm not even surprised," I admitted. "We didn't have a decent talk in forever and I knew life was hard for her. I knew I didn't help. But the thing I'm always asking myself is, if my own
"Well, there's... there's a small possibility -a
The sound of moans is the only thing filling the room.
"Cas," I whispered, knowing that I wouldn't get out of bed if he wasn't awake. "Cas, wake up," I whispered again and Castiel mumbled something unintelligible before opening his eyes slowly. He wasn't awake just yet but when he noticed my gaze on him, the dazed look became a little more focused.
I smile despite myself. It's the perfect payback. "Who's the faggot now, Alastair?" I growl and thrust the knife inside of him.
For now though, I had work to go to.
"I don't know," I mumbled. "He's convincing."
"Anyway," Dean changed the subject and took a look at his clipboard. After all he was Garth's substitute for the day, probably because Amara wasn't able to supervise the whole floor all on her own. It was a big building. "How's the teleporter coming along?"
"What is that?" I asked when I noticed something shiny on his ring finger. It almost looked like a ring. An engagement ring even? Why would Cas be wearing an engagement ring?
Castiel didn't know what to do. Raphael had told him cases like this were not their problem, but he never mentioned what he should do to get them off his back. He also didn't want to go to Raphael with this again, seeing as the man was still engaged in an argument with the woman from before.
After I'm done, I go upstairs to find some food. I haven't been anywhere in the house except for Dean's bathroom and it's interesting to wander around the place completely on my own: imagining Dean sitting on the couch, watching TV -- Dean cooking in the kitchen, making me dinner...
Not questioning his luck any further, Castiel opened up immediately and melted against him, Dean's arms wrapping around Castiel's waist and pulling him closer, when all of a sudden,
." Michael stopped and laughed, humiliation washing over Castiel as he was forced to listen to his entry from a few weeks ago. The presentation in English he'd gotten an A on had been a very important one for him, personally, and he'd worked on it for two weeks straight. It had turned out perfect and he hadn't gotten as much praise from any of his teachers before, so of course he had mentioned it to his diary.
"Can we get to work now, Castiel? I know you want to go home and make out with your boyfriend, don't you? Come on," he insisted and ignored the way Castiel blushed. He stood up quickly.
Unfortunately, it doesn't always go as planned. Dean lasts one and a half weeks successfully averting Alfie, before he has to stay after class to talk about a presentation. He knows what's gonna happen when he stays too long, so he rushes through the conversation and practically runs to the cafeteria, heading straight for Castiel's table. Which is where Alfie is already standing, fidgeting in front of Castiel, who's smiling at him expectantly. Shit, don't let him be too late!
"W-Wow, give a guy some -- warning," I mutter, the feeling of Cas's lips on my skin dizzying me already and feeling so much better than expected. When he starts sucking, I have to suppress my moan forcefully. What will Cas think if I start moaning now?
"You, Castiel, it's you!" I sobbed, knowing that I needed him one hundred percent, not only now but forever. He was all I had, all I wanted -- he was my future. My savior. Without him, I was nothing.
He walks down the narrow hallway. He doesn't know where he's going. It's loud and chaotic and there's two robots lying on the floor next to him.
One last time, Dean let the images flood over him. One last time, he saw Cas's face and his sad smile and tired eyes that looked at him. And one last time, Dean whispered the words he never dared to tell. "I love you."
At that, I heard an unidentified sound and then a groan, followed by something slamming against my door violently, and I just knew Benny had tried to attack Castiel and failed. Castiel was older and stronger than him after all, he never stood a chance.
Shoving the test objects back on the shelf, he chose other ones and kept testing, changing some settings every now and then to see their effects. It went extraordinarily well. If he kept up that pace, it wouldn't take him a lot longer than a year to finish! Castiel was content.
his admirers. Not that Dean missed them or anything...
"Y-You really don't have to."
The guy who was still gripping him huffed in annoyance. "Yeah, right. And you just so happened to lose your tracker on the way, huh?"
"Well... That didn't go as planned," I say quietly to break the tension. Cas turns towards me slowly, a cautious look in his eyes, and his gaze falls down on our still entwined hands. Neither of us lets go.
He didn't stop talking for a while.
He turned his head to stare at the wall, not replying to Dean's words. It was all lies anyway.
The year drags on and soon enough, Charlie comes out as lesbian by kissing her up-until-then secret girlfriend Gilda in the cafeteria. Dean takes this news more or less in stride, even though it rattles him more than he'd like to admit. All his life he'd been told to find a girl and settle down, and even though he knew there were people that don't abide to the norm, he never expected to actually know someone that was.
The nickname made Castiel's knees weak.
Dean's gaze doesn't leave me for a long while.
"Fix this," Metatron hissed. "Or you're fired."
Don't get me wrong, I was happy that he'd found a friend, but I just burned my fucking finger, so excuse me for being a
"So, tell us," Dean started, apprehension and skepticism written all over his face again. "Who exactly is Jimmy Novak?"
"You mean that?" Dean whispered, insecurity tainting his every word.
"Alright, look. Dude -- Castiel, was it? You're obviously confused, so let's make a few things clear," he started, raising his eyebrows dramatically. "We're on Earth, the year is 2017 and I certainly don't have the time to play this game, so please just tell me what you're doing here, okay? Or, even better, just leave."
who he appeared to be.
We didn't talk at all when we descended the stairs and entered the room. I didn't know what to say anyway and Castiel's eyes that were on me the whole way down made me an insecure and blushing mess. What was up with the staring, man?
"You can't," I said. "You barely know me."
He had messy dark hair -something Dean had told me about, calling it
He kept pushing his finger in and out of my hole, preparing me for the next one, making me all hot and bothered. My dick was hard and ready but Castiel didn't press his second finger just yet. He drove me crazy with anticipation.
When the van came to life, Cas wiggled his fingers carefully. It still worked. A small smile spread on his face.
"What do you mean?" he asked.
It was the next day when Dean finally decided he'd had enough.
"Alright," Dean says and smiles.
"Hey Cas," Dean said when he came to a stop in front of him.
We never said more than those three words to each other. Not that we had a lot of time to talk, seeing as we only met these few seconds every day. But it was better than nothing.
"Dean," Castiel repeats once again, but this time quieter, so it's almost a whisper. He's evidently opened the door and is shocked at the picture Dean is making, not that it comes as a surprise. "What the hell happened?" he asks carefully.
And with those words, Jimmy freed his wrist from Castiel's grip, leaving him behind, dumbfounded.
When I come to myself again, everything around me is wobbling. The lights are too bright, colors intense, and I can't help but take it all in with my mouth agape. The world is burning around me and it's beautiful, oh so beautiful.
hurt, but none of it mattered. Castiel's arms were around me, dick softening inside of me, and he kissed my neck tenderly, lovingly. It was such a stark, sweet contrast to the man that had choked me just seconds before.
And that was when it all crashed down on him. Fucking hell.
"Still," Dean pouted. "I'd be an awesome boyfriend."
wanted him.
would take and just how impossible it was to fulfill Amara's expectations at this stage. It was a wonder he'd gotten
And that was it.
Castiel
Letting a small moan escape his mouth, Dean leaned further into Cas, gently pushing him down on the couch, and let one of his hands travel underneath Cas's shirt. His skin was smooth and warm and Dean slowly let his hand wander upwards across Cas's abs, his flat stomach, his strong chest, and stopped right above where Cas's heart was beating rapidly beneath his fingers. Knowing that it was
Castiel was a smart student. He had top grades, the teachers loved him and his classmates couldn't help but admire his friendliness. He was an all-around nice guy, or so it seemed on first glance. Not that Castiel wasn't a nice guy in reality, he just wasn't
"I'm gonna start testing now," Castiel announced and let his hand hover over the big black button. Just like every time, he was nervous. If all three of his test object came out on the other side, he'd have fixed the biggest problem he'd had with his invention so far. Last time, the car had come out colorless, the human tooth had disappeared completely and the rat hadn't had its tail.
I shot him a reassuring smile and averted my gaze quickly, finally looking up to see Dean standing in front of me, and I couldn't suppress the smirk when I hugged him. Dean was finally home.
"And I did like the kissing. And the touching," he decided, making Dean laugh out loudly in disbelief.
Dean scoffed quietly, mumbling to himself. Sam and Cas both ignored it.
"No," he said simply, his finger raised as if scolding a dog, and turned away to finish his task.
A sob left my mouth again, a tear running down my face, when I pressed out, "Find someone else."
. Short, dirty blond hair, warm green eyes, freckles -- a face out of a magazine, that's what this man was. Ken doll material even. He was well-built too, strong arms visible underneath the white dress shirt and despite his muscles, he still didn't seem like the '
I don't quite know if it's a simple repercussion of the drug or if I'm freaking out all on my own, because damn, I haven't had an attack like this in years.
And with those words, he entered my hole slowly, making me sob when he eventually bottomed out. He stilled, letting me get used to the fullness, and he reached out a hand to caress my face. "Such a good boy," he repeated, the familiar praise causing a twisted kind of happiness in my stomach.
"By the way, I'm skipping History to have some fun, see you later guys."
And he took the first swing.
"It's fine, Dean, I know what you're trying to say and don't worry. I won't tell anyone about the night we
," Castiel explained and suddenly I knew what he was talking about. Benny was the one who had told me not to go back to Castiel and I almost hadn't. Castiel had to know and was therefore scared of losing me.
"I'm glad you came here," Castiel confessed and pressed a quick kiss to Dean's lips. Dean only smirked knowingly and pulled him in for another, longer kiss. They didn't part until Jimmy coughed loudly.
"I can offer you some pie to apologize. You like pie, right?" he said more than asked and I blinked in confusion. "Come on," he ordered and entered his flat. I stood in the middle of the hallway for a few more seconds, fighting an inner battle before I felt myself following without thinking.
burgers. Castiel also made a note in his head about this one, '
"You just follow down this corridor and turn left at the end, the control room is the third door on the right," the man said. "It requires a password, but since Metatron sent you, I'm sure you know it. Don't loiter," he added and with those words he turned around and left.
"Dean Winchester," those beautiful lips now said, catching Castiel's whole attention and he barely realized that the man was holding out his hand to him. When he eventually noticed, he took it quickly, hoping desperately his palms weren't as sweaty as usual. Dean didn't flinch, so they hopefully weren't.
Amara's fingers pulled away harshly, ripping apart one of the blossoms, and her gaze turned dark and intense. Jealousy visibly coursed through her, making her blood boil, and even though it was kind of amazing to see Amara lose her cool, Dean was scared shitless at the same time. He couldn't do anything but stare at her, expecting to get slapped every moment now, but it didn't happen.
built the teleporter. I invested months in it, it's my biggest invention so far. It'll be revolutionary once it works."
So when Sam stutters, "I don't even know what to say," Dean does.
Dean fucks me three times in total before we stop. We're lying next to each other when we're finally done, breathing heavily and trying to calm down slowly. The third orgasm has been the most intense one until now and I might've even blacked out for a minute or two, but God, it was fucking worth it. Everything about this was fucking worth it.
"Um..." the man at the other end started. "We did find the location, but..." He hesitated. "The robot's not here."
I was honestly surprised their friendship had held that long, seeing as Cas and Dean were almost polar opposites, but I wasn't complaining. Dean was less whiny when Cas was there and I didn't mind his company anyway. He was nice to talk to.
"You know she sometimes wishes you weren't there, right?" he asked and my eyes flew up to his in alarm. He was looking at me sympathetically, like he was sorry for the fact that my family supposedly didn't want me. A sick feeling settled in my stomach. "On some days, she hates having to care for you, too. She barely has enough money for herself to get by, how is she supposed to love you if you keep making her life twice as hard?" he contemplated and I felt tears stinging in my eyes, but I held them back.
They were best friends.
So he'd just deal with it and wait it out. Maybe her feelings for him would disappear if he kept on saying no.
A hand on my back before he sat down to eat, fingers tousling my hair playfully. His foot travelling up my leg while we ate, finding its way between my thighs quickly. I almost choked on my food when he did that. He quickly withdrew then though, leaving me behind with a half-hard cock and no appetite.
"We sleep in one bed," Dean announced and beckoned me to follow him, turning away to lead me to the room in which I was going to sleep. I was so confused by his words that it took me a few seconds to get in motion.
Except he could.
"Wait, so you're not... human?" he asked.
had to be the one to see him like this. Castiel suppressed even more tears at the realization.
Brushing his hand against his pocket and what was inside, Dean walked on stage as well, smiling at Castiel before turning to smile at the crowd, and came to stand beside his boyfriend.
"That's not true," a familiar voice said, and Castiel looked up, startled. Just like he'd feared, it was Dean, standing in the doorway and looking down at him.
, and Castiel turned away, speed-walking out of the elevator. "See you around!" Dean yelled after him and cursed himself once again. What the fuck was
Cas stayed where he was sitting at the kitchen table, even when Dean passed him again and sat in front of the TV without a comment. He turned it on, changing it to some show containing cowboy boots and doctors, and continued pretending that Cas wasn't there. Cas didn't mind. He enjoyed watching Dean from afar.
"Why do I have to think of something?" Cas complains, sitting on the couch, and reluctantly moves his eyes away from his book. "He's
"So... do you wanna go then?" Dean continued hopefully. "We could, like, have dinner with my family, they'd take a couple of pictures and then we'd be off to school."
"I do not know," he answered honestly.
“Awesome,” he muttered.
So considering his mood, it was no surprise that he opted to hide by the dumpsters behind the school when class let out, since it was one of his go-to spots when he wanted to be alone.
"Well, sir, we have been experiencing
"Dean, come on, don't fucking believe him!" he shouted and his desperation was clear now. "You're my best friend, man!"
"Or pansexual if it fits better," Castiel continued.
"I mean, we could've just gone as real boyfriends, Dean."
"Come out of there," he then says.
"Hey brother," Benny exclaimed suddenly and appeared in front of him from out of nowhere. Dean had no idea how Benny had any semblance of an overview over the happenings in this house, but mysteriously enough, he always seemed to know what was going on everywhere.
He was older than I'd expected but he looked
"You-- You two... You two?" I stuttered and they looked just as confused as I felt. "What-- I mean, how--
He's right though. Fighting him is hard and exhausting, and I'm not getting out of here anyway. Dean's not concerned about that in the slightest. Maybe I should just give up my resolve and comply...
He's right in front of me now, crotch right where my nose is, and I feel tears forming in my eyes. He's gonna rape me, he's gonna make me suck his dick, he's gonna do something...
"Part two of the test just as successful," he smiled, showing the camera quickly and turning towards the cage with the rat in it.
For the next few minutes, the only sound in the room was the occasional moan from Dean that Castiel would
"Oh," Dean said and frowned. Castiel briefly wondered whether he had said something wrong, but by then Dean was already continuing. "Well, uh, would you like to go? Like, with me?" he asked and Castiel noticed that Dean was now digging his fingernails into his hands.
hope you have a good reason for why you yelled me out of bed after midnight," Sam grumbled after he'd left his room in his pajamas, muttering curses under his breath.
"Dude," Michael's voice exclaimed incredulously when Dean's hands started travelling down Castiel's body, slipping under his shirt carelessly.
"It probably was," Cas agreed even though he didn't know.
"Yeah," Dean manages, and with that, Castiel leaves, Dean staring after him in wonder.
Dean felt like throwing up.
"I don't care," he answered. "Just tell me."
"Would-you-do-me-the-honor-of-going-out-to-dinner-with-me?" Castiel blurted out all of a sudden, his eyes closing in embarrassment for a second. God, he could've said that so much better. He forced himself to look at Dean.
It was weird. On the one hand, I was more than ready to jump his bones every time he touched or looked at me like that, but on the other hand, I was fucking terrified. He wasn't supposed to be looking at me like that, I was his
The drive to Sam's house was a short one. Apparently, he lived close enough to walk but had decided to take the car because it was raining. Sam told him that even though it was his brother's car, today had been one of the rare occasions Dean -that was his brother- had allowed him to borrow it.
He arrived at the bar ten minutes early, having actually worked up some motivation on the way, but of course, today just had to mess with him even more. Not long after he had sat down at the bar and ordered a beer for himself, he received a message from Sam saying he probably couldn't make it and that he was oh so sorry. Figures.
"I-- I guess I will," Castiel muttered, not all that hopeful, but Dean nodded confidently.
"Yeah. He's never hugged any of my previous dates goodnight," Dean chuckled awkwardly.
Dean smiled back. "You're welcome, sweetheart," he replied. "Safe me a seat?" he asked, winking at Castiel, who nodded, and turned to walk towards the bar. Castiel let go of him willingly.
"Admirer?" Dean repeated, dumbfounded. What did she mean,
Dean stared at him for a good five seconds and then turned back towards his brother. "This is Cas, he does not work in customer service and his brother is stuck in Vegas," he introduced him again. "Why's he stuck in Vegas?" Dean added and turned his head back
"Cut off his finger," he suggests.
When Dean had turned around again, Castiel couldn't suppress the chuckle, thinking to himself,
The man stays.
. Dean still couldn't believe it.
"I apologize," he muttered quietly. "I did not mean to make you uncomfortable."
"Dean?" he asked.
My blood turned cold at that. "You're wrong," I said. "Bobby's not like that."
I let the pinky drop to the floor when I look back up, determined to make this guy suffer a lot more.
The guy looked him up and down -silently contemplating whether Castiel was worth the space beside him- when he came to a decision and a lewd smirk appeared on his face.
I wrapped myself in a towel and left the bathroom. I was gonna make dinner for Mom, I decided, because she was never in a good mood when she had night shifts.
Okay, so Castiel wasn't gonna get any help from this side then.
"You know this will be on television, too, right?" Dean mentioned happily, knowing it'd freak Castiel out even more, but not able to stop teasing him. He knew he was a horrible, horrible man.
At the same time our relationship was progressing though -whatever kind of relationship that was-, I distanced myself from Mom. Not that it was hard. I only saw her half an hour every day, right before she left for work, so it was not a big deal not to talk to her. It was better if I stayed away, I knew that, but after everything, it still made me a little depressed.
"You know," Dean said reluctantly, grabbing the bag Cas had just pointed to and putting it into the basket hanging from his left arm. "You're not so bad, Cas, really."
"Dean--" I gasp when his lips close around my nipples, sucking enthusiastically, and my body arches into his. My erection collides with his own hard dick and the groan we let out at that makes me crave more. I rub my dick against his through our boxers, not caring about anything else and not patient enough to take off this one last piece of clothing.
"That... doesn't sound all that farfetched, to be honest," Sam admitted. Slowly, he continued, "It also explains question number two -- where do they replace them. The swap happens at the hospital... They get a patient's information during their stay at the hospital and the patient goes home while the others start building a robot. When the patient comes back for a check-up, the robot is ready to change place with them."
I barely held back the whine that threatened to escape my throat when Dean's hand let go off me. I was still a little dazed when he pulled me up, gesturing in the direction of the stairs, and I nodded, gathering my thoughts. Then I stumbled up to my room.
"E-Excuse me," a voice suddenly said from beside him, and Dean turned his head in surprise. Standing in front of him was the man in the trench coat, staring at him with startling blue eyes, and he was fidgeting slightly under Dean's expectant gaze.
Yeah, if Dean reacted that relaxed about me accusing him of being gay, this Cas guy must really be best friend material.
Castiel seems to be rendered speechless for a few seconds.
Castiel didn't know what to say so he stayed silent, waiting for Dean to continue. Dean set his jaw, hesitating, and then slowly started talking again.
My heartbeat increased immediately, just like it did every time we were about to have sex. There was a slight trace of fear underneath my arousal this time though, seeing as I didn't know which punishment to expect. Castiel could be cruel if he wanted to.
"Uh... I guess so," he admitted.
"What?" Lisa asks, always eager to hear the newest gossip.
And once again, Castiel realized he'd been wrong about Dean. Dean hadn't wanted to talk to him because he needed to make sure Castiel stayed quiet - he already knew he would - but to ask Castiel whether they could do it
"I think I'm gonna be sick," Castiel choked out, holding his nose closed with two of his fingers.
, he told himself. Dean was already slurring his words, leaving sentences unfinished and he was gulping a lot more than before. He was also sweating slightly. It was nothing too obvious but Castiel knew what to look for and he could tell that the drug was taking its toll on Dean.
"Can you pass me the salt, please?" Castiel asked. We were eating dinner at the moment and Castiel had made steak for the both of us. As luck would have it, Castiel was an amazing cook as well. Sometimes I couldn't believe just how perfect he was.
He kissed up Castiel's throat, unashamedly starting to nibble at his jaw, and drew a small moan out of Castiel. He blushed furiously but Dean didn't even react to it.
Castiel knew there'd be cabs just outside the club and he was right, of course. As soon as they got outside, they climbed into one, Castiel telling the driver his address and watching Dean slumping back into his seat exhaustedly. Smirking, Castiel didn't hesitate to climb in his lap.
"Is Dr. Sexy going to be all right?" Cas asked, the TV the only thing illuminating the room (and thereby also Cas's concerned looking face), and for a second Dean wondered if he really needed to explain to him that the characters on the show weren't actually real people. But then his eyes met Cas's and he found that he couldn't just sass him like that.
Sadly, he almost never ran into Castiel. There were a few times he caught a glimpse of the man, but he was always gone before Dean knew it, never staying to talk or even acknowledge him. He seemed to be completely absent whenever Dean met him, probably absorbed by his work or something. Dean supposed inventors were weird like that, always thinking about the job...
"Um..." Dean mumbled and let a hand wander through his hair in distress. Amara had forced her number on him a few days ago, insisting that he'd call her soon. To be honest, he'd thrown it away the minute she'd turned around... Not that he could tell her that.
, Castiel thought, realizing that it really wasn't the best promise he'd ever made to himself. But there was no turning back now.
"I--" Castiel couldn't believe it. Here he was, everything looking exactly like he remembered, and yet this man claimed they were somewhere else. How was this possible?
"The teleporter consists of two similar parts, which you can see behind me and at the other end of the room," Castiel explained and watched the audience turn their heads curiously. "I've been working on human teleportation for about a year and it's safe to say that teleporting has no repercussions on the human mind or body. It's as safe to use as anything," he said and turned towards Dean.
How could it be that this person, this perfect, kind, undeniably gorgeous man was standing next to him in this moment, praising his work? Praising his intellect? It was almost too good to be true.
"Yes, I do wanna learn somethin'," I repeat his words enthusiastically, slurring slightly, and Dean stands up, holding out his hand to me. I take it immediately.
"Oh?" Castiel asked and raised an eyebrow.
Castiel smirked. "Gladly."
he realized, standing up without thinking.
Every once in a while Dean is high while taking me. He's rougher when he is, less considerate, and as much as I'd like to, Dean never gives me another pill. I don't dare to ask.
"I'm home!" Sam yelled into the house after he fit the key in the lock, and entered without hesitation. He closed the door behind Cas, who opted to stand in the entryway and look around curiously.
With the increased amount of time spent with the teleporter, it was coming along quite well, more and more problems dissolving in Castiel's presence. It wasn't much but it was
He looks at the pedestrians curiously. He knows what humans are, but he's never seen quite this many quite this close, and it's weird.
"Because my parents know you, Dean," he responded, genuine regret in his voice. "It would be weird to just... show up together all of a sudden."
When I stare at him in shock, Dean's hand is on my back, soothing me.
brothers?" Dean asked incredulously. "Holy shit, I was overwhelmed with my one brother sometimes, how did you survive?"
He reached out a hand.
"Yeah," Dean says and I can feel his thoughts are somewhere else. "She's his high school sweetheart," he scoffs amusedly. "I always knew they'd end up together. Sammy is absolutely smitten."
that he wanted.
Imagine my surprise when the door actually opens.
"Please, Cas, please, I'll do anything! Please let me come. Cas, please," I exclaimed, not sure what exactly I was muttering, my mind completely taken over with the need to come.
Maybe I'd just misheard him.
He knew what he had to do.
"Now, please welcome the pride of Winchester Corp, Castiel Novak!" he eventually announced and Castiel straightened up, preparing himself mentally. Dean pressed one last kiss to his cheek and let him go. Then Castiel walked on stage, a tentative smile on his face.
Today was the day. Dean was moving in.
was the one pressed against the lockers.
Figuring I'd sleep on the couch, I put down my bag next to it but Dean just looked at me weirdly and laughed.
Pulling out his fingers, Castiel covered his recovered dick in lube and lined himself up, pushing in too quickly for Dean to normally adjust. It didn't matter this time though, so Castiel set a brutal pace right from the beginning, fucking up into the tight heat of Dean's ass, moaning obnoxiously.
He let it happen, caressing my hair soothingly.
"Are you ... okay?" Castiel finally asked, beginning to feel a little weird in the quietness of the room.
"Yes. They have left me behind. I do not know why."
"Don't," Castiel whispered, avoiding his gaze, and Dean gulped down his words. He nodded, understanding.
it without-- That's just
He spends the rest of that day hiding in the bathroom smoking pot, trying to numb his overactive brain. He doesn't want to think about why his first thought when seeing Charlie and Gilda kiss was about him and Castiel. He's not gay and he's not interested in Castiel; he's just confused about same-sex relationships in general, is what he tells himself. It doesn't matter that he has never been interested in any girls either, surely that will come with time. It's all gonna work out.
I was sitting on the couch with Cas at the moment, each of us nursing a beer, and we were talking about our classes while waiting for Dean to come home. Cas and Dean were almost done with college, which meant they had to start planning ahead. Apparently, they had it all figured out though.
Shaking his thoughts off, he finally concentrated on his work. Phone calls had to be made, letters needed to be written, reports were due in a few days. It by far wasn't Dean's favorite part of the job, but it was what the company needed him to do, so he'd do it. It was their family business after all.
He had to say no.
responsibility to give me some kind of compensation," he demanded.
He did come up in a lot of our following conversations though. Dean mentioned him at least once in every one of our talks, and I wasn't sure if he even realized. It was just little stuff, sentences like, "Oh, that reminds me of when Cas and I were at the fair!" and, "Cas lend me this book and seriously, you
My breathing gets shallower the longer his mouth is on my skin, sucking and biting, and I'm pretty sure the hickey is already big enough to last a week. I'm certainly not complaining though. After a few more seconds, Cas pulls away, only to find another spot right in the crook of my neck and he bites down
That's another thing. Dean is somewhat touchy-feely when he's on drugs and I've come to realize that I actually quite like the harmless, seemingly coincidental way he touches me. And even though I wouldn't admit it in a hundred years while being sober, I'm more honest to the both of us when I'm high, which makes me able to accept the tenderness he sometimes shows towards me.
The only thing he could do was hope.
Dean, who had of course noticed Cas's stolen glance, turned to look at him and sighed defeatedly. He disappeared in his bedroom for a few seconds and when he came back, he set some kind of cube down in front of Cas, crossing his arms as he looked down on him.
And I certainly didn't look at Dean when his teeth started nibbling at my earlobe, hot breath tickling my skin and making me dizzy. I suppressed a moan when he kept biting and licking my earlobe, finding the sensitive areas I didn't even know I had. My dick was already hard in my pants and I didn't have the strength or motivation to pull myself away from Dean. He was intoxicating.
"Only for you, my dear," he answered, sending Castiel a predatory smirk that had Castiel's dick twitching in his pants but he simply smiled back innocently. The man moved to the left a little and Castiel sat down in between him and another guy, the space just big enough for Castiel to fit. Their sides were conveniently pressed against each other's and Castiel was close enough to smell the man's cologne. Oh, how he wished that guy was lying beneath him right now, dick buried in his ass as Castiel rode him into oblivion...
"I do not, I am sorry," Cas started. "Hundreds? A few thousand? I cannot tell you, my mind is a little fuzzy still," Cas replied, feeling bad because he wasn't of much use, but Sam smiled at him reassuringly.
This morning, Dean had been working on giving him back clear thought once his cover was opened, and he'd succeeded spectacularly. Dean was a beautiful and smart man, who seemed to be very gifted in all matters of mechanical engineering. Cas couldn't help but feel honored that such a wonderful man adored his company.
A man stood in front of me, key in hand, staring at me with wide eyes. I stared back. Holy hell, did he have nice eyes. They were as blue as the ocean and I supposed I could drown in them just as easily. His hair was dark and messy, like he'd been running his hands through it all day long, and I guessed he must've been around forty years old.
. Castiel Novak was too nervous to talk to him. Wow.
'There's still time,' his mind screams at him in wonder. 'You've been given more time.'
"You... You want to be with me? Really?" Dean asked. "Even though I'm a needy boyfriend?" he added quietly, still not trusting the whole thing, but Castiel wiped away his worries by leaning over to press a gentle kiss to Dean's lips. Dean felt slightly dizzy when Castiel pulled away.
"Anyway, how's Mom?" Dean then changed the topic.
It doesn't hurt, even though it should. All I feel is joy, the stretch of my hole not even registering. The pain I should feel is replaced by pleasure and once again I am overwhelmed by sensations. I fuck myself down on Dean's cock without restraint, despite knowing better, but then again, I'm chasing my orgasm with everything I have. Dean is pushing and pushing and suddenly he's hitting that spot and I don't even notice that Dean starts stroking my dick. He must've realized he himself got too close to coming.
"Very happy," Dean said and took a sip himself.
while and it got worse every time Castiel saw Dean in the hallways. It was almost overwhelmingly strong. Dean was just too tempting, with his green eyes, freckles and face out of a magazine. There was no way anyone
He remembered the picture vividly, just like he remembered all of the other ones, as if they were tattooed into his mind.
Castiel stared at me contemplatingly for a few seconds, my gaze desperately fixed on his lips but not moving. I didn't dare to. After a few seconds of horrible nothing, Castiel muttered, "Good," and
When he finally got a hold of himself again, he took a few steps towards them, carefully reaching out a hand to touch the blossoms. They were surprisingly smooth. He loved it.
"Was that alright?" he asked, uncommonly insecure, and searched Cas's eyes. The latter only smiled in response and nodded.
"Dean, I'm not against PDA," Castiel corrected him, disbelieving. "I thought
"Did he at least have his memories inserted already?" he inquired, knowing that hoping for it would be ridiculous, but doing so either way.
"How-- how can I help you?" he stuttered and forced himself not to avert his gaze when his eyes met furious green ones. The man across from him could qualify as 'really fucking cute' as Gabriel would call it, if he wasn't about to tear Castiel a new one.
Viciously, I position the tip of my knife right at his asshole. Alastair freezes.
, I'd never come that hard in my
"You've... You've told them about me?" Castiel didn't understand anything anymore. Who would tell their parents about having a friends-with-benefits arrangement with another guy?
It didn't sound as if she meant it. She said it like she just read it out loud from a script on "how-to-parent", and the only reason why she even used that script was because I was her son. As if it was her obligation to love me, because I was family. But if I wasn't, would she still hold on to those words? And if she had to use a script, did she really mean those words when she said them to me?
Judging by the way Castiel headed straight for one of Benny's guest bedrooms, Dean figured Castiel had checked out the rooms earlier that night, already expecting to take someone upstairs with him later. Dean didn't quite know how that made him feel.
The next day at school was like any other, or so Castiel thought. He wandered the hallways like every day and went to the same classes as usual. The only difference was that today, his mind had fresh memories of Dean to consider: the way his eyes had been roaming all over Castiel's naked body, the way he'd been writhing beneath him, the sound of Dean's desperate moans right next to his ear. It was hard to avoid getting a boner that day, but it was fucking worth it.
He probably didn't even know just how deep his words cut. He'd be cruel if he did.
Castiel couldn't suppress the pleased smile that thought caused.
"So," Sam started slowly. "Assuming you're right... That would mean the whole hospital was involved in the matter. A single nurse or a single doctor can't pull something like that off on their own. They'd all have to be involved, wouldn't they?"
"May I ask why?" he asked calmly, almost like he'd expected rejection all along, and it broke Dean's heart a little that a man as great as Castiel had so little luck in love.
"What?" Dean snapped when he noticed and Cas averted his eyes quickly.
Still confused by what he'd read, Dean forced his gaze away from the book and caught Castiel's eye in confusion. "Dude, I wasn't avoiding you. I had a doctor's appointment and only came to school fourth period," he assured him. "Why would you think I was avoiding you?" he asked.
Once Castiel was done with the table, he started scattering small candlelights around the living room -- massaging was all about ambience after all.
If he really was drunk, why's there no smell of alcohol?
"Of course. I should've known. Dean would've never had the guts," Sam sighs and shakes his head disappointedly. I glare at him. I know he's right but it fucking stings. "You know, Cas, I always thought you were just as oblivious, but apparently, you're more perceptive than I thought. Good for you," he praises and claps both of us on the shoulder before standing up. "And I almost expected you wanted to meet up because you'd d try to get back to me because of last year," he laughs and exits, leaving us behind confusedly, sitting next to each other in silence.
"So," Jack started, curiosity overtaking his decision to keep quiet. "You're Dad's date?"
"Hell yeah."
And that was when he felt how Castiel's cock was steadily hardening in his pants. At that, Dean had to stop the kiss for a second, panting heavily, feeling more than a little overwhelmed.
"I thought that was an accident! I thought you wouldn't wanna be outed that way," Castiel explained, wondering just how he could've been so wrong all along.
The rest of the walk passed in silence. Cas didn't mind, he was the quiet type after all, and instead focused on memorizing which turns they took and what kind of doors they were passing. They also met some people, human and robot alike -- the humans looking busy and important, the robots seeming more like cheap employees or even slaves. Who knows if they were being paid at all. They probably weren't.
"Yeah, you've been waiting for this, haven't you?" Dean grumbled, pressing his first finger inside of me, and I groaned loudly. It felt
I didn't want to move ever again. I knew I was sweaty and sticky and there was cum all over my clothes, but I didn't care. All I wanted to do was sleep.
"I am sorry," he repeated, feeling crappy. He wasn't much help in all of this.
Besides, Castiel would probably run as soon as he found out Dean had a kid anyway. Most women he'd been with had, and the few that didn't, Jack had hated. And Dean couldn't very well date someone his son didn't approve of. So, after the tenth time he'd tried, Dean had kind of given up on dating in general. In a way, it would also be good for Dean to get out of the house again and to slowly get back into the dating loop, even if it was with a guy instead of a girl. It was just this once anyway, to freshen up his skills and have a nice evening as he knew he would have with Cas.
told you, 'I met an awesome guy'," Dean reasoned and I closed my mouth shut. This could not be happening. Cas and Dean had been dating since freshman year and I hadn't known about it? Four years of cluelessness? Seriously?
Walking past the tables, he noticed the librarian waving at him with a big smile on her face and he hesitantly lifted his hand in a greeting. He didn't know this woman and was therefore a little put out by her friendliness. So, a bit insecure about her motives, Cas entered an aisle full off books to get out of her sight. It was as good a hiding place as any.
. Feeling the way Castiel's tongue explored my mouth, licking and sucking and nibbling. Feeling Castiel's hands sliding under my shirt, travelling all over my skin, teasing my nipples. Feeling Castiel fiddling with my jeans button and taking out my dick from my boxers. Oh, how I loved the feeling of his hands on my cock.
"Really?" Castiel asked with hooded eyes. He looked at Dean somewhat skeptically, but did as he was told once Dean nodded. He turned around above Dean quickly, so Dean had a direct sight of Castiel's fingers pushing inside himself again and again, drawing more little moans from his lips. Dean's mouth was as dry as sandpaper.
The movie was good. Castiel hadn't seen it before, but it was such a nice mix of action and comedy for Castiel to be really into it. He also liked Dean's frequent huffs of laughter and the way their thighs touched almost accidentally but completely on purpose.
When they arrived in Castiel's lab, it was surprisingly empty. Apparently, the investigation, if you could even call it that, was already over.
wasn't cause for concern, then Dean didn't know.
It was bad enough Castiel had sent him flowers, did he have to go on and ask him out, too? It was unbelievable.
"Jack, this is Cas," Dean announced, earning a disinterested glance from Jack – that was until he noticed Castiel and that he was in fact male.
Weeks went by. Not much happened.
, a sudden realization hit him. Had he given Castiel hope when he'd stared at him just now, caught in the moment? Had Dean lead him on without meaning to?
"He won't expect it," he explains, still staring into my eyes. "And just imagine his face when we tell him. He won't know what to say," he smirks slightly and that's it, I'm all for it. I can't ever say no to Cas anyway.
"Dean--" I started, and that's when he hit my prostate again, making me gasp, and I came untouched all over my stomach.
Amara was
"Heya, Sammy, almost didn't see you there," he said and winked at me. When he mentioned my name, Cas stretched his neck to catch a glimpse at me and waved. "Hey, Sam, did you sleep well?" Cas asked from where he was hanging off Dean's shoulder.
Letting his gaze wander around the Roadhouse, he noticed a man staring at him from across the room. He was wearing a trench coat, with a suit underneath of all things, and his hair was a dark brown. Their eyes met and the guy blushed furiously, looking caught, but he didn't avert his gaze, a hesitant, flustered smile forming on his face. Only when the smaller man across from him punched his arm to get his attention, did he focus back on his friend.
Castiel didn't say another word.
When Dean first meets Castiel, it's when Castiel literally runs into him in the hallway. Whether he was lost in thought or got pushed out of the way by someone, fact is he ended up falling right into Dean, just barely catching himself by holding onto Dean's shoulders.
Then again, Castiel had seemed rather captivated by him the day before...
The room was spinning, Dean realized after a while. It was spinning because he was drunk as fuck, was the second conclusion he drew. He might have had a little too much to drink.
of standing here in front of you and presenting my invention. But here I am."
"S-Sandover?"
"But you're wrong, Dean! God, we're so stupid," he laughed out loud all of a sudden. Why was he laughing? Dean scowled at him, feeling hurt once again. "Oh Dean, if I had known, we wouldn't even be in this mess," Castiel said and Dean's scowl loosened into a confused frown. What was going on right now?
acting fairly un-human after all. And since it was Dean, he wouldn't have taken offense in any case.
And there it was, minutes later, they watched quietly as Dr. Sexy broke down crying in the janitor's closet, still high on pain meds, effectively ending the episode in a giant cliffhanger.
He still had the right mind not to tell Dean about it though. He'd be horrified.
Thanks to Castiel's notes from the night, it was fairly easy to explain to Jimmy and Dean what needed to be done and they started working quickly. Jimmy ended up helping Castiel with the more scientific stuff while Dean preferred the more hands-on parts and did more of the mechanical works. They worked surprisingly well as a team.
I didn't ask.
Turns out it's his victims.
"What do you want me to say?" he asked, a pen in hand. "How can there be mind readers and nobody knows about them, huh?"
Castiel thought.
All in all, it was a little frustrating for Cas but seemingly joy-bringing to Dean, so Cas didn't question it. It was nice to have Dean's attention anyhow, and the fact that he even bothered explaining this much made Cas happy.
"Dean, you'll be fine," Sam assured him, the smile still in his voice, and he knew if Dean had been next to him right now, he would've put his hand on his shoulder to calm him down. "I don't think it really matters where you go. So just do whatever feels right. I'm sure Cas will say yes either way."
"He really is kinda strange," I admitted. "But he's alright, really." Not that I knew all that much about Castiel. I didn't know anything about him, actually, only that he enjoyed jerking off in front of seventeen-year-olds and that didn't really speak for him now, did it?
, that bastard had cut me off
Cas followed Dean into the kitchen soon enough and I was left sitting on the couch, questioning my perception and whether I'd just seen what I'd seen.
Dean gave Mom a quick peck on the lips before looking down at me. I avoided his gaze as best as possible but when he didn't say a word, I looked up at him through my eyelashes.
Dean with four fingers up his ass.
Admittedly, his invention was improving and improving, but it was still far from perfect. It'd take another couple of months until he could even think about human teleporting, but that was fine. Castiel had time after all. For an invention this revolutionary, the company wouldn't pressure him to be faster. At least not yet.
Breathlessly, I push him off me so he's the one lying underneath me and then I adjust our positions so I'm hovering above him. "Where do you want 'em?" I ask hoarsely and Cas vaguely points in the direction of his pulse point. I nod quietly and lean down eagerly, kissing the spot tentatively at first to get a taste of his salty skin -- you gotta take the chance once you have it. Then I start nibbling and licking and sucking slightly, all the while feeling Cas's unnaturally fast heartbeat underneath my lips. He must be as turned on as I was before, but who wouldn't be?
Once again, Castiel squinted at him in confusion. "What's wrong with the way I dress?"
That's when I gave him full control of everything else, too.
"It's a shame you can't get hard, Dean," he said, biting a mark onto Dean's collarbone. Dean's eyelids fluttered in an attempt to fight the numbness. "I would've
"You'll come back tonight," Castiel said and it wasn't a question. "I'd miss you if you didn't."
Still, the memories came and haunted him, mocking him with images of a better time, a time where everything seemed fine, even if the world was going under like always. It'd still been a better time, because Cas had been with him.
That was when Dean suddenly started to feel again.
"Sammy's got himself a girlfriend. Her name's Jess," Dean tells me when I'm sitting in his lap eating dinner at the desk. We've grown closer since I killed for the first time.
"Name's
Like always, Castiel wanted to be anywhere but here this evening, preferably in bed and fast asleep, but Winchester's parties were compulsory for all employees and since he was one of the most renown inventors the corporation employed, Castiel's absence would surely be noticed. Additionally, his boss, John Winchester, would always introduce him to new people throughout the night, showing him off to whoever was willing to listen. Castiel thought it was stupid but he couldn't change it either.
Castiel's unrequited crush had been going on for what felt like ages and the urge to kiss the guy had been growing ever since. He'd wanted to do it for
," Dean read slowly, voicing Castiel's insecurities out loud, and it was terrifying. Dean shouldn't read this, he shouldn't know about any of it. It was private!
"Benny's a bad influence, Dean. He doesn't love you like I do. Doesn't need you like you need me. He doesn't realize how dependent we are on each other," he continued, his nose burying itself in my hair. I tightened my grip around him, desperately holding on to him. He was my everything. "You're nothing without me," Castiel concluded and I knew he was right. I knew he was the only one that really mattered in the end...
Everything he did, he did for me, and I thrived under his attention. He told me he loved me every day.
I am the one who shoves it inside.
Then, halfway through the movie, I suddenly felt Dean's gaze on me and glanced at him involuntarily before letting my gaze dart back to the TV quickly. Dean was looking at me so intensely it made my dick twitch in interest and my blood boil at the same time, sweat breaking out on my skin.
But hey, on the bright side, at least Dean was hard now, maybe Castiel could use that to his advantage and ride him later... It was the only thing he hadn't been able to do with the unconscious older man.
"I'm gay," Dean says, and apparently that's explanation enough because Castiel's eyes widen in understanding and he mutters a sad, "Oh Dean."
When they were done -Jimmy had insisted on paying-, they returned to the laboratory in a much more optimistic mood than before. Castiel was sure they'd be able to figure this out and send him back, no matter how long it'd take. Together, they'd manage.
"You need to help me, man!" Alastair pleads, not having recognized me yet. "This sick guy kidnapped me and tortured me and he's just so fucking
His thoughts wandered to Dean involuntarily. He pushed him away.
"It also works the other way round," Castiel continued and pressed the button again. A second later, Dean was standing in front of him again.
"I know you better than you might think, Dean, you're a wonderful person. From the moment I first saw you, I wanted you to be mine. I'll give you everything you need if you'll just be mine, Dean. Will you?" he asked and I nodded into his shoulder.
"My poison?"
Today was the day. This was it.
"Oh? And what exactly are those intentions of yours, if I may ask?" Castiel inquired, returning Dean's heated gaze with a look that was just as lustful.
"Yes, sir," Inias agreed quietly.
Already I was drowning in self-doubt and anger, questioning Bobby's intentions throughout the whole time I'd been working for him. It was like the thing with Mom but worse. Mom's lies hadn't actually surprised me, I'd barely seen her all that time anyway, but Bobby's betrayal... That'd hit hard.
"Just turned 18," he lied smoothly. He was actually 21, but he looked younger, younger than 18 even, and he knew Dean would believe him the second he told him.
"Thank you very much, Dean," he said. "But it is my job after all."
They stayed like that for another while, simply holding each other.
But Dean only scoffs at my reaction, his hot breath hitting my face, and he lets go of me harshly. I wince quietly when my head falls back against the wall.
The man across from him blinked at Castiel in confusion and his eyebrows jumped upwards in surprise, and all of a sudden, he full on broke out laughing.
. But we weren't happy either. We lived in the illusion of being happy, we
"You were right," I said, deciding that I just wanted to get it off my chest, no matter how he would react. "Mom doesn't love me anymore."
I put away both Dean's and Mom's empty plates, carrying them to the kitchen and setting them down on the counter, when I suddenly heard someone clearing his throat behind me.
He was magically ignored.
"I know. I know, I screwed up, I'm sorry," Dean repeated, choking slightly, not daring to look at him, and Castiel knew that if Dean turned his head towards him, he'd see the tears in his eyes that he was trying to hide. "I'm sorry," Dean whispered. And even though Castiel was still mad and not exactly ready to forgive him right now, he couldn't help but hurt for him. His anger dissipated slowly.
And then he proceeded to call his mom and asked her whether she had time to watch Jack on Friday. As luck would have it, she did.
"He might be alive?" was all Dean cared about. "I have to find him. Meg, we have to find him! I know he's out there somewhere, he can't just be dead like that," he announced, not caring that he was starting to sound a little delirious. "What if we... What if we get in the teleporter ourselves? We might find him that way, it could take us to the same place it took him!" he realized and gripped Meg's arm almost painfully hard.
I followed them inside, keeping my hand in front of my crotch inconspicuously, and walked upstairs to my room quickly. All I needed right now was a hot shower and a jerk-off session, then I was gonna be alright.
voice said in a slightly higher tone.
"Dean?" a familiar voice cuts through the veil of panicked thoughts, causing Dean's breath to catch in his throat when he realizes who it is. It's Castiel, and he's standing in front of Dean's stall, softly knocking on the door.
controlling you. And seeing as we don't know who built the device -or you, for that matter- and with what intentions, I'd say it's better to get rid of it," he decided, glancing at Dean for reassurance. His older brother nodded determinedly.
much better than getting laid right now," he grunted and let out another loud groan when Castiel kept kneading another tense spot on his back.
Cas had hooked up with someone.
"So, um, Prom's soon," he said, rubbing his hands together nervously. "Are you, you know, going?"
let me do something nice for you?" he continued, watching as Castiel sat up himself, sighing in exasperation. Dean ignored it and kept talking before he could be interrupted. "I offer to grab us lunch, you get your own. I offer to deal with Balthazar, you say no. I offer to be your boyfriend for a day, you choose someone else! I don't get it, Cas. Why? I thought we were best friends at least, so why won't you let me do stuff for you?"
Dean never said a thing about it, but he didn't try again either.
it. Like,
dangerous doesn't mean he isn't, Sammy. Especially in our line of work, we have to be
Dean only smirks at me knowingly and nods, letting go off me. "Sure do," he says and turns to leave the room quickly. He doesn't lock, but I'm not even thinking about escaping.
They entered the place and sat down in the booth farthest from the entrance to have an illusion of privacy and ordered their food soon after. Only now did Castiel realize how hungry he really was.
"Okay, um... I'm gonna... open you up now," Sam said hesitantly and reached out a hand. There was the sound of a cover being opened and as soon as he did, Cas froze on the spot, all thoughts gone. It was as if he was in a trance; he was still there but he barely noticed what was going on around him.
persistent in pursuing her affections, as Dean knew first hand, and he'd give anything for her to just leave him alone every once in a while. She never did, of course.
"M-Move, please," I stuttered, needing him, and Dean complied happily, pulling out of me until his head caught on my entrance and then pushing back in. I groaned in pleasure and Dean did it again, adjusting his angle slightly, so his dick was hitting a spot inside of me that made me see stars. Muffled cries left my throat when he hit that spot over and over and over again, successfully killing every brain cell that was still working. I was in Heaven, blissed out and drowning in sensations.
Just like every time, my breathing became shallow, anticipation building in my gut, growing bigger and bigger, and I half-expected Castiel to cut me off again, but no! I was coming for real this time, oh, I was coming, so hard it made my whole body shake, pulling out desperate sobs and moans. I collapsed in Castiel's arms involuntarily and he held me up, cum still leaking out of my cock, soaking our clothes.
Except it isn't. The next day, Alfie tries again. And once more, Dean interferes by getting to Castiel first and scaring Alfie off with his presence. Castiel looks even more confused about Dean's sudden interest in his notes, but doesn't seem to question it further, so Dean continues to do what he does whenever Alfie starts his march across the room time and time again. Dean almost feels sorry for him, but he has to admit he's persistent - annoyingly so. But as long as Dean always keeps an eye on him, Castiel should be fine.
for somebody to kill him, was the best present Dean could've given me, knowingly or not.
"Alright. The answer to all those questions is..." Dean paused dramatically. "The hospital."
What should I do?
They're dead, he knows. As dead as robots can be, that is.
"Charlie knows about it?" I repeated, perplexed.
"Oh, but Balthazar will impress them?" he inquired, suppressing tears at the unfairness of it all.
At first, he'd just been drinking some beer by himself, but then this girl made him do shots with her and then Benny found him and joined them for another two rounds. Then they both left and Dean drank another shot all by himself, and that's when he realized the room was spinning.
Cas nodded solemnly. He didn't see a problem with any of it and he liked Sam very much already. He seemed to be a very friendly human. "I will come with you," Cas assured him.
And once again Dean felt like a train crashed into his side.
for a very long time," he explained.
"Cas!" a voice sounds from in front of him, as if on cue. A familiar figure is standing in the middle of the hallway. Waiting on him.
"Kevin told me," Benny answered, still eyeing me up skeptically. Kevin and his mom were other residents in this building, they lived two floors beneath us. Benny and Kevin were rather good friends, unlikely as it seemed, and even though I knew that, it still startled me whenever Benny knew more than what I'd told him.
"I won't leave! This is
like me back?" Dean asked, eyes widening in surprise and hope.
My panic fades after a while, leaving me behind empty and exhausted. I have a sinking feeling in my gut, signaling the start of a depression. I wanna do nothing but hide away from the world forever.
"You are aware that someone peed on that, right?" he asked instead and smirked when Dean let the thing drop as if it was burning, a disgusted expression on his face.
Not only did Castiel have no reason
"What? Who died? What happened?"
"Can I ask you a question?" Cas spoke up when the three of them sat at the dinner table again, quietly eating Dean's amazing burgers. It was yet another thing Dean had insisted he tried, and Cas was more thankful with every bite he took.
"Cas, it's okay," he assured him, holding his gaze steadily. "We don't need to have sex. That's not all there is," he said. "I like you, that's what's important."
At least he had Ellen to keep him company a little. Of course she had to tend to her other customers as well, so they didn't really get to talk all that much, but who even cared anymore? He could have just as good a time as he would've had with Sam. Or so he tried to tell himself. He actually did feel a little lonely if he was being honest.
And after a hesitant nod from Dean, Castiel pulled him with him towards the bed standing in the middle of the room and carefully pushed him down on it.
"You can't leave me, Dean," I say and my voice breaks unexpectedly. I start to cry without warning, my hand around his foot loosening until it slides to the floor limply. "Please don't leave me," I sob.
"Yes, see you later, Dean," Cas said, about to open the door. "Oh, and you, too, Sam," he quickly added, sending a smile to the back of the car. Sam forced a smile back and rolled his eyes, clearly stating, 'Thanks for remembering I'm still here.'
By the time he had to leave the house, he'd settled on his tightest jeans (it was a gay date after all, tight was okay, right?) and a white button-up shirt that looked what he would describe as semi-formal, because he didn't know the restaurant Castiel had chosen. He looked okay, he thought, and it wasn't like there was time to change again anyway. Well, he'd actually tried to change into another outfit, for another three times, but then the strength of Jack's eye-roll had hit him full force and he'd decided against it.
"I--" Cas started and he obviously didn't know how to say what he was thinking. "I am afraid... I will not be able to have sex with you, Dean," he eventually said and Dean frowned in surprise at his bluntness. Then Cas started rambling, which in itself was very unusual for him. "It just appears that my penis is more for show than use and I do not want to get your hopes up because I physically cannot get erected. I understand that humans enjoy sex and I am sorry, Dean, I really am, but it is simply not possible with me," he explained, looking away shamefully, and Dean cupped Cas's cheeks again, turning his head back towards him.
"Oh, hello Dean," Castiel greeted, impassive as ever, as if he didn't jack off in front of me the last time I saw him. I blushed furiously when I looked at him but didn't want Benny to notice, so I muttered a quick, "Hey Cas," and otherwise ignored him.
, Dean," Sam defended him. "At least not that I can tell. He doesn't even know what he is or where he came from and the electric shock he gave me was an accident that we're trying to fix. That's why he's here, so I can fix him and find out what his deal is," Sam explained. "If you could have just trusted me for
a parallel universe. Winchester Corp was Sandover, and this guy -Jimmy, he reminded himself- was
"Why?" he demanded, slowly getting sick of the way Castiel was acting lately. "Why won't you let me defend you for once? Why won't you
Then, Dean couldn't leave it alone anymore. "What happened?" he asked, adding, "I thought you were gonna stay the night?"
Nodding in realization, Cas thought about everything that had happened. It made sense. The way Sam and Dean had already found out this much about where he came from, when he himself had had no idea about it.
"Yes, as a matter of fact," Castiel replied, not bothering to explain that his friends were the last persons he wanted to see when he was at a party; even though he had
of falling for you," Sam said nonchalantly and pulled a chair from the kitchen table into the middle of the room and sat down on it.
"I wanna show you something later," he says nonchalantly and puts it down at the edge of the bed for future use. Then he crawls back onto the bed with me.
"How does it feel to be helpless, huh?" Castiel asked. "To not know what's going on. To be at my fucking mercy," Castiel hissed, digging his nails into Dean's arms, and licked into his unresponsive mouth again.
He opens his pants. I look away.
gonna jerk off in my kitchen!" Castiel said, scandalized, and ripped his phone from Dean's hands. Pouting, Dean let go of his dick reluctantly.
Dean leaves before I come back to my senses completely and he's probably smart to do so, because when I wake up and am fully clear again, I'm having a full-blown panic attack.
Dean had gone rigid in front of him, an unreadable expression on his face, and Castiel could practically see the unease soaking through his clothes.
He took a picture of Dean's come-leaking hole, all the while cursing up a storm, and then collapsed right next to him, closing his eyes for a minute. Two rounds in such a short time weren't all that much for Castiel, usually, but there was something about fucking an unconscious body that just drew him out. Maybe it was the fact that he was the only one working for it or maybe it was the added sense of
"Alright, here's my number," Castiel said, pulled a pen and some paper out of his bag, and wrote down his cell phone number. He handed it over to Dean, who stared down on it mysteriously. "Text me," Castiel added.
"Sam, there's something we need to tell you," Cas says the following day, sitting next to me during lunch, Sam across from us. He doesn't look at Sam when he talks.
Now it was Sam who spoke up again, "You see, Cas, it's just something we found when we were opening you up. There was a number on your, um... engine, I guess -which could be a serial number or something- and then there was that name, 'Jimmy Novak,' written underneath..." he said. "Are you sure you don't know what that means?" he asked again.
You see, Garth and Amara were the supervisors of second floor, one of them coming to check on Castiel once or twice a week at least, wanting to see his progress. They took turns, normally, and even though Amara had done nothing wrong, Castiel preferred Garth to her. She was a little intense at times...
"It's okay," I assured him, not knowing if it really was, but I just wanted the awkwardness to stop. Castiel didn't let go that easily though.
"Thought you'd appreciate it," Castiel grinned against my skin. "Did you?"
Oh man, this couldn't be true, Castiel tried to convince himself. Mind readers, that's crazy! But he saw what he saw, and it explained so much. Dean's knowing smirks whenever he thought indecent things about him, the way he always knew just what to say, the
basically, he believed it was safe to tell him.
I smiled at Dean another quick time before I turned towards his friend curiously.
"Huh... True..." number two said resignedly.
Castiel smiled back warmly. "That makes me very happy. I like Jack, too."
"I cannot move my arm," Cas explained calmly. "I am stuck."
"Give that back!" he exclaimed, intending to jump Michael for all its worth, but Michael's friends stepped in his way, keeping him from coming any closer. He fought and tried to get past but it was of no use.
"I don't want you to see Benny again," Castiel whispered into my ear when he slammed into me another time and I came, as hard as I ever had. No sounds left my mouth when I painted my stomach, Castiel's hand still wrapped around my throat tightly and my eyes turned upwards in pleasure. It was only when Castiel came himself a few seconds later that he let go off me and I was able to suck in a huge breath, suddenly coughing violently. My throat started to hurt now,
"Hey baby brother," he greeted me teasingly and I scoffed.
been teleported somewhere else. Could've been anywhere though, so I wouldn't get my hopes up, but it's a chance," she concluded. "He could be in a brothel in Vegas as far as we know."
Dean continued. "And then, after I used you for the first time, I'll make you get down on your knees and suck my cock, while my cum is still leaking out of your abused hole," he mumbled, sucking Castiel's ear lobe between his teeth and nibbling on it. And even though Castiel was now fully hard and more turned on than he'd been in a really long time, he still noticed the way Dean's hand let something slip inside Castiel's glass.
"Yes," he agrees, uncertain but determined. "I am."
now and right on time, Amara stalked into his laboratory like she owned the place. Her eyes traveled through the room as if she hadn't seen it a thousand times already, and she had a skeptical frown on her face. It was unnerving but nothing special.
Metatron scoffed impatiently. "Any minute now, huh? How did that even happen? How do you
And without batting an eyelash -only betrayed by the blush on his cheeks-, Cas responded, "Almost certainly."
Every time thoughts like these crossed my mind, I'd shove them to the back of my brain, find Castiel and curl up beside him. His hand would start carding through my hair instinctively and sometimes, he'd even start humming. Other times he'd just stay silent.
"Are you one hundred percent sure about this?" she asked and Dean nodded without a second thought.
"I really, really do," Castiel said and carefully framed Dean's face with his hands. "Can I kiss you?" he quietly asked, and at Dean's immediate nod, he pulled him into the most heartfelt kiss either of them had experienced before. They kissed and kissed and kissed, until it became too hard to breathe and they had to split, gasping for air.
Weirdly enough,
Especially when there's a bloody, beaten man hanging from the ceiling limply, a cloth in his mouth to keep him from screaming. His skin shimmers in a lovely shade of red.
A little insecure about his next words, Castiel began stuttering. "If, um... If you would strip down to your boxers, please?" he asked more than said and Dean barked out a laugh.
"Hey babe," Balthazar greeted Castiel and threw his arms around his neck in an exaggerated manner, pressing his cheek against Castiel's. "How's the best boyfriend in the
"I would like that," Cas said genuinely and Dean smiled happily, forgetting for a moment that Cas was supposed to be the enemy. It was kinda hard to remember when Cas was acting nothing like it though.
It's not fair that Castiel is in his sight all the time now though; he can already tell avoiding him is going to be harder than expected. But it's what he has to do, and he'll deal with it all somehow.
"Yep," Dean said. "Fell down the stairs or something."
figured it out and simply preferred to stay oblivious. Dean was high maintenance and he knew it; he certainly wouldn't blame Castiel for not wanting to deal with Dean's feelings.
"Are we gonna kill 'im?" I ask, eyes wide, because what else would Dean want to teach me?
And standing there, fucked out and with a sick feeling in my stomach, I realized the reason why I didn't ever fight him. Why I let him do all those things to me. Why I
So, yeah. For a man who still hadn't withdrawn his claim that he did not trust or -God forbid-
"Will you go out with me tonight?" Castiel asks and Dean nods stupidly, not capable of doing much more. "Great," Castiel smiles and there's genuine happiness in his voice. And before Dean can realize what's happening, Castiel has pressed a shy kiss to his cheek, effectively frying all brain cells Dean had left.
, his body hurt. He let out a groan.
Next to him, Dean continued chattering about his day, seemingly not caring if anybody saw them together. Then again, it wasn't like people knew they had already slept together on two occasions and, knowing Dean's reputation, most of them might not even think twice about what they were to each other. Contrary to popular belief, it was actually possible for a gay guy to be friends with a straight guy, so if Dean wanted to pretend to be friends, that was fine by Castiel.
He really was good-looking I had to admit, even for his age. He was younger than Mom but only by a few years, and he was well-built enough to show off his muscles through a tight-fitting shirt. His shoulders were broad and strong, and he was taller than me by a foot or so, making me look up at him whenever he'd stand in front of me. Yeah, he was hot, but I was still scared of him.
Silence settled back in.
"Hey Cas," he said and Castiel looked at him quizzically, wondering what the hell had gotten into him. "Hello Dean," he replied.
The next day, after another riveting episode of Dr. Sexy MD, Dean took Cas to show him his car. Or rather, to teach him all about it.
I didn't look at Dean when he laid his hand down on my thigh either.
"Man, I just got an awesome handjob," he announced, smirking, when he entered the classroom and everybody looked up at him in surprise. Not only did it come totally out of the blue since Dean had grown so quiet about his affairs before, it was especially surprising because Castiel Novak was in the very same class Dean had just boasted to. Nobody had ever heard Dean bragging in front of Castiel until then, so it came as a pretty huge shock when Dean started telling them all about 'those skilled fucking hands' and sat down next to Castiel like always.
"What's wrong?" he asked tentatively. "I didn't mean to force you into anything," he added, gulping down the bitter taste in his mouth.
"Oh, alright," Castiel accepted, and then he started pushing the train around on the floor.
to help Gabriel out with this -except the goodness of his heart-, he also wasn't made for working in customer service
," he announced, smirk evident in his voice, and Castiel's head snapped towards him in shock. "
not into PDA?" Castiel asked because that was the weirdest accusation that he'd heard all year.
After the plan was made, Sam had offered Cas the couch to sleep on until Cas mentioned that he did not require sleep. Consequently, Sam had offered him the couch to sit on.
I remember everything now. A woman was killed and I witnessed it. And her murderer has taken me with him...
Awkward silence followed. Dean was too preoccupied with his thoughts to notice, Castiel was too busy staring at Dean and Jimmy was just standing there watching them both, feeling like he was intruding on something.
When Castiel was done, he came to a stop in front of Dean's bed, looking down on Dean quietly. The moon lit up Castiel's face and he saw that he wore a thoughtful and somewhat soft expression, so Dean guessed nothing especially bad must've happened after all, and relaxed.
I shook my head hesitantly. He was right but he was also so very wrong. Nevertheless, I would never tell Mom either way. She was happy with Dean, happier than she had been in any of her previous relationships, and I realized that if I told her, she'd be devastated. And she'd be disappointed, oh
"Metatron will be so pleased to know we got him back," jerk number one said smugly for the second time, tugging hard on Cas's arm. Cas would've been bothered by it if he wasn't utterly indifferent to pain.
"Mac and cheese
Sam and Dean went to bed soon after. It had gotten late with the whole questioning and opening Cas up et cetera. Cas still didn't know how long they'd been working on him, but it had to have been a while because when they were done, they'd quickly apologized for being tired and disappeared in their respective rooms.
"Yes," Castiel agreed, squinting back. "Has Dean not dated men before?"
"I sincerely doubt it," Dean says cockily and covers my hand that's still touching his skin as proof. I scowl at him and rip my hand away. I will not give him the satisfaction.
"Seriously, you basically used me as a real-life sex doll," Dean said, smirking down at one of the pictures. It was the one of Dean deepthroating Castiel's cock, he realized. "I bet I was real compliant, huh?" he asked, talking more to himself than Castiel. "Just lying there while you fucked me, taking everything you gave me.
"I'm far from done, bitch," Dean answered. "Because thanks to everything we know, we can't help but ask ourselves three questions.
"Dean, stop it," Castiel said, holding him back by calmly laying a hand down on his knee and Dean deflated frustratedly.
Castiel threw it against the wall.
And again, Castiel didn't know what to say to that. So he just stared, the silence stretching further and further.
"Yeah, take it all, Dean," he muttered, watching closely as the last spurts of come hit Dean's face. Some of it dipped past Dean's parted lips, entering his mouth, and it made Castiel go crazy with want. "Oh fuck," he grunted and dove downwards again, locking his lips with the other's, tasting himself on Dean's tongue. Castiel felt the best kind of dirty.
Castiel pulled away with a squeak.
I shift on the cold tiles. I'm trying to get into a more comfortable position but it doesn't really help. My body still aches and the only thing I manage to do is make my wrist hurt more when it chafes against the handcuffs.
"Fuckin' stop that, babe," he says, words sounding not quite right, a little slurred maybe. Is he drunk? "You have no idea how annoyin' it is when the other is fightin' all the time. I'm not even try'na hurt ya, I just wanna get off on you, man. Why can't you just lie back 'n' take it?" Dean asks, words slurring slightly, and I stare at him dumbfoundedly.
"I'm sure you're great. And yes, tomorrow works," Castiel replied, heart beating a little faster. This felt even more like a date than watching a movie together.
"He is," I replied simply and we were back to staring at each other. Neither of us moved for a long while, me standing in the middle of the hallway and Castiel leaning against his door. The silence stretched on and on, making me shift slightly in anticipation. What did he expect me to do? What was he waiting for? Maybe he wanted me to go home.
Sam: "Yeah, it totally is."
"No..." he answered. "I'm not even sure I know an Amelia in my dimension... Besides, I'm afraid my universe has made me gay anyway," he announced, smiling nervously. He didn't know how Jimmy would react to him being gay -he didn't know if he was homophobic or anything- but seeing as Jimmy was
"So, that dude with the cowboy boots, that's Dr. Sexy and the
chance! He hadn't seen Dean around much before and now that he finally had, the situation
were."
"Dean..." Benny said, completely dumbfounded. "Dean, you can't do this. Stop fucking with me!"
Besides, I was afraid that if I asked, I might not like what I'd find.
"So?" Dean asked and crossed his arms in defense. "It's not a crime."
"No. It's not," Castiel agreed, smiling softly, something very close to affection in his eyes. Dean didn't know how to react to it all of a sudden, staring at Castiel with wonder in his eyes. Did that mean what he thought it did?
It got stuck on fifth floor.
I don't really know what he means by that.
He tried taking the book from Dean's hands, but Dean simply held up his arms, laughing, lifting the book above his head where Castiel couldn't reach it. Please, no! He couldn't read... "...
"As many times as you can handle," he replied and ignored the desperate pleading that followed.
"Dude, I found a McDonald's bag and it looks like there's food inside," Dean announced, opening the paper bag and pulling out a still wrapped, untouched burger. Dean pulled off the wrapper curiously to take a look inside. "Seriously, who throws away perfectly good food? It's not even moldy yet! And a whole freaking cheese burger!" he exclaimed, exasperated, and searched Castiel's gaze for support. When Castiel only shrugged carelessly and turned away, he looked at his burger in disappointment. It smelled really good... And if he wasn't wrong, it was still somewhat warm... Dean hadn't had a cheese burger in ages.
"No, Cas, please, please don't do that, let me come,
, Metatron thought. A hard task to achieve, but not impossible, he believed. Or, well, it wouldn't be, if his employees weren't such goddamn
Looking up at him skeptically, Castiel decided not to mention that they were both still very much naked and covered in cum, and instead rolled his eyes and stood up as well. "Follow me," he ordered and led them into the kitchen.
me to cut him. I can't deny him his wish.
"Nice to meet you, too," I reply, suddenly feeling bashful. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything."
"I know!" Jess chimes in, throwing heart-eyes in Castiel's direction and sighing happily, and Dean can't stand it anymore. He forces himself to stop listening and buries his head in his hands.
"Come on, sit down, Cas. What's your poison?" Dean continued and watched as Castiel tentatively sat down next to him. He looked up at Dean curiously.
"Just-- just touch me," I cry, every ounce of shame long gone. "Touch me, hold me, fuck me, I don't even care anymore, just don't leave me alone again!"
"Okay then, don't talk to me," the man mutters, raising his hands in defeat shortly, and comes closer, kneeling down in front of me.
The first time I met him was a few weeks ago when Mom invited him over for dinner. I knew about their relationship at the time, they'd been dating for a few months already, but it was only now that Mom wanted me to meet him. Apparently, things were rather serious.
Until then, I'd just stare at them starting to make out right in front of me, brain turned to jelly.
"I'll leave you to it then," I say and pick up the bowl and the book I left on the living room table. "I'll be downstairs if you need me," I announce and leave, feeling Dean's stunned gaze on me the whole time.
," Dean continued, stopping when he read his name, a surprised expression on his face. He was probably wondering why his name was in Castiel's fucking
"In a bedroom for example?" he suggested, looking at me like I was stupid.
"Listen... Gabriel," the man now said, smirking, after he had taken a look at Castiel's wrong name tag and took a step closer to him. And even though Castiel couldn't for the life of him explain why, the man's voice sounded flirty all of a sudden. "Why don't I write down my number and you give me a call so we can talk about that
And who was Castiel to refuse Dean? He nodded silently.
I nod. He cuts.
"W-what is that?" I ask and I really don't know where I get the guts to do so. Dean ignores my question and instead takes out two of the pills -drugs probably-, gulping one down himself and holding the other one out to me.
"Hm," Jimmy said. And then, seeming to remember something, he smiled and announced, "I had a gay thing once."
The cab driver gained their attention with some difficulty and Castiel paid him, before pulling Dean outside by his collar. Dean was stumbling significantly and instinctively held on to Castiel, slumping against him heavily. Honestly, it was a little draining to drag him into the house, Dean being heavier than he'd expected, and Castiel somewhat regretted having waited so long to take Dean home. Now it was too late though, and even though it was a bit exhausting, Castiel managed to open the door and pull Dean inside.
All I feel is pleasure, pleasure everywhere.
that thing," Dean told him proudly, overwhelming Castiel a little with his praise. He sounded so sincere... And yes, Castiel was used to people being appreciative of his inventions, but they hardly ever called him out on it or gave him a lot of credit, all the feedback he normally got was just how much of his stuff the company sold. Only rarely did anybody make a comment about Castiel's 'amazing work'.
"What? Why?" I asked. He was right, I hadn't heard him in the heat of the moment and even if I had, I hadn't paid attention to it. But why would he want me to not talk to Benny anymore?
"Yes, Clarence?" she asked, batting her eyelashes, and he instinctively knew she was making fun of him. He didn't like it but ignored it pointedly.
Castiel that way, Dean probably just liked the attention he gave him. And yes, the flowers were nice and the notes were adorable, but it bothered Dean a little that he was otherwise ignored. If Castiel really had a crush on him, why did he never try to start a conversation? Dean wasn't hard to talk to. It didn't make any sense.
I'd never done stuff like that with my best friend?
"This is very complex," Cas therefore said. Dean looked at him in surprise. He hadn't even noticed Cas was watching with him.
He knows he's jealous. Jealous of Alfie for standing his ground and having the confidence to pursue what he wants, and jealous of Alfie for getting Castiel, who Dean didn't even know he wanted this badly before Alfie asked him out. And now it's too late, and Castiel will fall in love with that idiot, and Dean will be on his own just like always, and it just isn't fucking fair. But when has life ever been fair to him?
. Castiel wanted Dean to be humiliated when he woke up, to know that Castiel was the one who used his body without permission instead of the other way round. And Castiel wanted Dean to regret it for days...
"But I need them now," Dean insists, pushing himself in front of Alfie to cut him off from Castiel's line of sight.
Instead of saying anything, Dean pressed the button for the sixth floor and looked at Castiel curiously, expecting at least some kind of reaction, a "Hello" or whatever. Nothing like that happened though.
Dean comes first this time and finishes me off as well, making me feel even dirtier with his hands on me. He says he's doing it to please me because I deserve it, but I believe he just likes seeing the guilt in my eyes when I realize I took pleasure from him...
hot," he complained and bit into Dean's shoulder so hard he drew blood. He bit his chest a few more times, sucked marks into Dean's flawless skin, pinched his nipples, and then Castiel was coming, mouth opening in a silent scream while he emptied inside of Dean. A few more shoves and it was done, Castiel pulling out of Dean carefully.
So I do. I smile bashfully and tilt back my head, throwing the drug in the air and catching it with my mouth easily. I gulp it down. Dean smirks but says nothing and only does the same, throwing and catching the pill without much difficulty.
, and what would 'Dr. Sexy MD' be without Dr. Sexy anyway?" he uttered, winking at Cas, and Cas squinted awkwardly with one eye in a pathetic attempt to copy him.
It turned out to be only a few days after he moved in. Mom had told me to please do the laundry because she had to leave for work in a few minutes, so I took the basket full of clothes and left the flat for the laundry room. As soon as I opened our door though, I stopped.
Dean hasn't fucked me in a few days and only came downstairs every once in a while, watching me eat or sit around doing nothing. I'm in the constant fear that he's gonna decide to fuck me again every second, but it weirdly hasn't happened yet. Dean simply sits in his chair by the desk and stares, stares, stares.
It was four days after
"Before or after having another 'massage'?" Dean then asked and let his hand brush over Castiel's crotch to emphasize the meaning of his words, and Castiel moaned at the contact.
Dean turns his head towards me now and grins, and all I can do is look back at him in awe, smiling happily. He's so beautiful, and even though I knew that before, I can't help but be surprised at how truly stunning he is every time I look at him.
"I'm sure Mom will be ecstatic," I laughed, knowing how much she liked meeting new people. "The more people the better. Come on then."
He eventually finds Castiel leaning against Dean's locker - how Castiel knew which one his locker was he'd probably never know - impatiently waiting with his arms crossed and a scowl on his face.
It didn't take long before Castiel replied,
"At home," Castiel replied, a little flustered. "Gabe said it wasn't appropriate to wear for a date, and put me in these clothes instead," he gestured down his body.
Maybe it was stupid to get flustered over something insignificant like that, but Castiel couldn't exactly help it.
I stayed behind, lying on the bed, Dean's cum held inside of me thanks to the plug, and I slowly started to feel sick yet again.
"Come on," he says and pulls me with him towards the door. I 'm wondering if we're gonna leave the room.
"Go up to your room and get naked," he ordered, slapping my ass one last time before pulling back. "I'll meet you there in a minute."
"Castiel Novak," he started and Castiel stopped in his tracks. "Will you marry me?"
"We might," number one agreed. "But you know Metatron. He could fire us all the same."
"Don't get me wrong, your ass looks great in anything, but those jeans, man... They killed it," Dean said, a hesitant smirk on his face and maybe the slightest hint of a blush. "I was staying out of your way so I wouldn't get an inappropriate boner. Didn't know if you would've appreciated it."
"Maybe later, Sammy," he said jokingly and sighed. Castiel ignored the furious blush that spread on his face at the indication of sex. "But believe me, this feels
Castiel didn't react just like before and simply started stroking me again. I was close to coming in seconds, that's how desperate my dick already was. I didn't have high hopes to be coming this time though.
I search the kitchen for something edible and easy to make, and come up with mac and cheese. It's enough for the moment and I've always like the cheap instant stuff you can buy at the store anyway.
was Castiel's best friend after all; if anyone had the right to play pretend-boyfriend for Castiel, it was Dean. Not some stupid douche called
Castiel tilted his head to the side, trying to read him. After a few seconds, he seemingly came to a conclusion because his face morphed into something nervous but determined, and he slowly leaned in, pressing his lips against Dean's gently. Dean let him, for whatever reason, and was surprised to notice that it was a really good kiss that made Dean's stomach flutter in confusion.
Castiel insisted on paying, even though Dean protested, but Cas was adamant. "You drove, so I'm paying," was his argument, so Dean let it go with a weak, "Next time it's my turn," not even realizing that he'd inadvertently promised that there'd be a next time.
He turns on his heels without another word and leaves for the bathroom.
But that's not what Dean means.
to, and fast.
"In that case, I'll ride you," Castiel decided and promptly opened Dean's jeans and pulled them off of him. Dean couldn't help the moan that left his mouth when Castiel accidentally caressed his cock through his boxers. Castiel only smirked.
"Let 'im suffer for a while, okay?" Dean proposes. I don't react. "If it helps, the guy's a pastor who raped eleven children."
"Months? Dude, I've been working on this one for years," Jimmy chuckled. "Believe me when I say building that thing takes time."
"Have you had a high school sweetheart?" Dean suddenly asks, distracting me, and I look back up at him. He seems genuinely curious.
Again, I didn't reply.
"You think so?" Castiel asked. He looked really happy at the prospect.
"Great!" Dean smiled brightly. "I'll make the popcorn, you put on the movie?"
After getting with the program, Dean let Castiel in with little to no hesitation, letting out a filthy moan at the feeling of Castiel's tongue against his. He grabbed Castiel's shirt and pulled him even closer against him.
"Your mom has a night shift, you'd be alone anyway," Castiel answered before I finished my question.
"Go ahead," Castiel encouraged him curiously, not knowing what kind of confession Dean meant.
Gabe shooing me out of the house late at night to buy us pizza. Walking to the only pizza place still open that late and taking a short-cut through a small street. Stumbling over a man leaned over an unconscious person.
Knowing that Castiel got off on second floor, giving them only a few more seconds, Dean quickly thought of something to say. He just wanted
"Here," Dean whispered right on cue, turning back to him and handing him a pencil.
boy," he praised and I suppressed a sob. This was all too much, too good; it was overwhelming me slightly. And Dean's hand continually stroking my dick, relentlessly bringing me closer and closer to my orgasm; Dean's tongue invading my mouth eagerly; both were the cause of so many new sensations, that I didn't know what was up and what was down.
"Do you mind if we get it out of you?" he asked, surprisingly civil for the moment. Then, "I'm still not one hundred percent convinced that you're not evil, but it looks more like you're getting
What neither of us expected though, was that he'd bring Cas.
, it echoed in his head.
"Because you're smarter than me, now shut up," I admit and throw a pillow at him. Cas laughs.
Just as Dean was about to say more, the door opened with a
Ending Benny's and my friendship turned out to be harder than expected.
Crossing the hallway in record time, Dean opened the door to the dorm room he shared with his best friend Castiel, making his presence known by slamming the door closed behind him.
"Oh, come on. Cas. Calm down," he said and cupped Castiel's face with his hands. "You'll be fine, I know that. Besides, I'll be with you the whole time, so there's nothing to worry about, okay?"
"Nothing," I lied.
Cas thought about it for a moment, not averting his gaze from Dean's eyes, and then nodded and turned around, offering his back to Sam again.
to go to Prom with you. And to be your boyfriend."
The door opens again and this time it's Dean entering, throwing his keys into the bowl and taking off his jacket. He doesn't notice me just yet.
Dean Winchester was a ladies' man and everybody knew it. A different girl every day is what he was known for -- a quickie in the janitor's closet, blowjobs behind the school... There was nothing Dean Winchester hadn't done and everybody was more than aware of it.
"What the hell are you doing?" Castiel spits at him, once he's gotten close enough to hear him. Dean stops in his tracks when he hears Castiel's tone. Something's not right, he finally realizes.
"How about -- how about we tell him that we're together," Cas says quietly, not breaking eye contact, and my face burns hot in embarrassment. Did he just...?
What's the last thing I remember?
"Y-Yeah," was all I got out, too dumbfounded for proper thought.
"Legs? As in, plural?"
"I'm fine," I replied, too fast, and Benny frowned at me suspiciously. I hadn't seen Castiel in a few days, which was unusual, but I was thankful for it. After what had happened, I was still kinda freaked out. "How do you know that we have a new neighbor?"
Dean smiled.
And there he was, Dean Winchester, face as red as a tomato, as he searched his gaze nervously and asked, "Castiel Novak, will you go out with me?"
But now they were finally gonna suck it up and get together. Sam was exhilarated.
Inias stayed quiet, guilt and reluctance fighting on his face, until Metatron couldn't stay silent anymore. "Why did I have to hear from
It was times like this that Castiel could almost make himself believe that they were dating.
"Okay, um..." Sam mumbled, thinking about what to ask first, and decided on, "What happened before I found you? What's the earliest thing you remember?"
He also knows he's not one of them.
He took a look at the shelf. They seemed to be standing in the "Legends and Myths" section of the library, a book called "Angels And Their Origin" staring right back at Cas. He reached out a hand to take it ... and found that he couldn't.
It'd be the last time I'd see Cas for a while.
He grabbed for Castiel's hand hesitantly. Castiel let it happen.
"What the fuck?" he asked, his eyebrow cocked.
Dean raised his head in confusion, staring at the dark silhouette entering the room, wondering who would possibly own a key to their dorm room apart from Castiel and himself. Before he could freak out though, he recognized the mess of hair on the other's head.
"Look me in the eye and say that again."
It has only taken Dean this short of a time to make me a murderer.
Dean looks like he just hit a brick wall and I assume I don't look much better.
When I was finished eating, I leaned back in my seat and stretched, yawning loudly.
We do it again afterwards. We're too horny to care, cocks ready again after what feels like seconds, and we give in to our drives happily. It's amazing how good one can feel while exhausting themself.
There were a few seconds of silence from the other end of the line. Then, Dean answered, slowly, "I'm... Sammy, I'm-- I'm gonna ask Cas to... you know... tonight."
job is today."
, was what went unsaid.
They were basically standing in the living room, a couch and a TV on their right, and they could see the kitchen from where they were standing. Cas noticed a movement in there seconds before a voice answered, "Did you bring food?"
"Cas," he said, knowing he'd have to come clean now. There was no more postponing it. He looked down at the hands on his lap in shame. "I'm sorry, I – I can't."
"That's not my name," he muttered, knowing she'd ignore it, and turned away irritatedly. It had been a mistake to talk to her but Castiel kinda wanted Dean to know what he had done. Castiel had stayed after hours after all and it'd taken him rather long, too. Repairing an elevator wasn't an easy task -- or something Castiel was particularly familiar with.
Silence surrounded them once again. Dean didn't avert his eyes, just stared right back at Castiel until the latter had to look away himself. He fixed his gaze on a dirty stain on the wall and fiddled with his sleeves nervously.
Here was the thing. Garth was wonderful, really; he was kind, funny and a little dorky, but he was also
difficulties," Inias answered back and looked down on his notes. "Especially in our latest copies, we've noticed certain... 'bugs'. They get stuck from time to time."
? Anyone else would've been easier to deal with, anyone at all. Preferably Dean, of course... But that wasn't happening.
Just thinking about both of us covered with each other's marks...
Half an hour passed without interruption and then there was a commercial break, during which Dean got up from the couch to relieve his tense spots. Cas's eyes followed him involuntarily as he stretched his arms over his head and groaned obscenely. He was still naked except for his boxers and the robe. For no reason at all, Cas felt his face getting hot at the sight and quickly looked down at his hands again.
I walk around the room, slightly relieving my stiff limbs, before eventually walking over to the door and pressing down the handle. It's become some kind of habit of mine, trying to open the door that's always locked -- I don't even know why I do. It's not like I'm even particularly keen on leaving anymore; I wouldn't know what to do in the outside world anyway. My life's been reduced to these four grey walls and Dean.
By the time Jimmy came back, Castiel was fully back into work-mode.
But really, Dean didn't miss either of their attention.
"Are you human or robot?" he asked eventually.
I covered my ears instinctively and kneeled down on the floor, cowering away from everything. The stress and worry of the last few days was becoming too much for me. I just wanted it all to stop!
"Exactly," Castiel said and promptly pressed his finger inside. I groaned happily, pushing back on his finger despite knowing that Castiel wouldn't allow it. I winced when I received a burning slap on my ass as punishment.
"Want me to let you in on a secret?" Dean asked his friends a few days later when he left the bathroom and walked up to them in the hallway. They nodded, as always, curious to know what it was Dean would tell them. "I just got blown in that restroom," he said, pointing a thumb back to where he came from, and immediately, everyone turned in that direction. To their surprise, the door opened right that second and Castiel fucking Novak left the restroom, his hair an even bigger mess than usual, jeans dirty where he'd apparently knelt on the filthy floor. He sent a quick look Dean's way. Dean winked, Castiel smiled.
"You didn't leave," Dean mumbles when he presses his forehead against mine. "You had the chance and you still didn't leave." His words are filled with disbelief and so full of emotion that I kiss him again, wrapping my arms around his waist affectionately. He doesn't realize just how much I need him.
Dean made me climb inside his trunk when we left what I assume was a motel room, so I didn't know where we drove. We drove a long while.
Aren't I what he wants? Aren't I doing what he needs me to? I'm willing, for once, I barely fight him anymore, so why the hell does he stay away on purpose?
"Oh, fuck," Castiel cursed, pretending to be embarrassed about the situation. "I'm so sorry, Dean," he muttered frantically, looking up at Dean with innocent eyes. "I didn't mean to."
"So, a hospital. You probably don't know which one?"
Cas looked up at him in surprise. He hadn't realized that he was bothering Dean. As far as Cas knew, Dean hadn't even hinted at being unnerved, but then again Cas wasn't very good with people yet. He had a lot to learn still.
Castiel was jerking off right in front of me. Was this really happening?
"Castiel, yes -- Cas," he stuttered and looked at Dean with a slightly panicky expression in his eyes. Dean only laughed and gently laid a hand down on Cas's back, stroking up and down slightly. Cas's shoulders relaxed immediately.
"How should I, you know, go about this?" he then asked. "Do I take him out for dinner or something, or is that too cheesy? Do you think he'll suspect something? Or should I just do it at home? I don't want to pressure him into saying yes by doing it publicly, you know? But wouldn't it be more
"Uh..." I started, dumb-founded, but Castiel kept talking.
"Ugh, Sammy, you stink," Dean said and brought a hand up to cover his nose. Sam simply rolled his eyes, mumbled, "Morning to you, too, jerk," and disappeared in the bathroom. And despite Dean's rude remark towards his brother, Cas could see the gentle smirk he tried very hard not to let show.
Forcing himself to forget about it for now, he pushed the feeling away. There would be enough time for all that later.
Meg nodded, biting back her words. She knew he wouldn't listen to her anyway.
So Dean follows him the next few days, secretly accompanying Castiel to all of his classes and waiting for him across the hallway after they're over, and Castiel never notices a thing. Or so Dean thinks, at least, until Castiel is suddenly gone from his view one second to the next, and Dean is left looking around for him frantically.
. No... "Amara claims it wasn't her fault though. She says he
Dean tugs on my hair again, his face now only inches from mine, lips hovering over my mouth. His eyes fall down to my lips hungrily and my breath catches in my throat.
"Cas and I already decided that we're gonna be roommates next semester, by the way. His guy sucks," Dean explained and I choked on my pizza. He's known this guy for, what, four days, and they'd already decided to be roommates? Wow, this Cas guy must be
"Let me down, Dean, please," Cas giggled again and hit Dean on the back weakly, cracking up too much to put any force behind it.
He was gonna kiss Dean Winchester.
The bell rang at exactly 6 pm and Dean rushed to answer. Castiel looked awesome if Dean said so himself.
"What do you mean?" Dean asked back, a frown spreading on his handsome face.
Cas's heart felt weirdly heavy in his chest. Apparently, Dean really thought he was not to be trusted. But the worst thing about all of it was that he couldn't even say anything to defend himself. Everything Dean said made sense. And maybe Cas really was dangerous, how was he supposed to know? He barely had any memories after all.
"Okay," my mouth says before I can stop it. "Let's do it."
When Dean pulls back, I feel dizzy. "Here," Dean says and pushes a sharp knife into my hand. I stare at it in wonder.
"You're not paying attention to anything anymore. At first I thought you were just tired, had a tough day at work or something, but it's been going on for weeks! It's like you're miles away, man," he stated and I averted my eyes involuntarily. I didn't know what to say to that. I'd been in constant conflict lately.
"M-me?" Castiel stutters. His eyes are as big as Dean's ever seen them. "Really? I- I'm your gay awakening?"
"Fuck, Dean, your mouth feels so good," he moaned, loving the feeling of Dean's soft tongue giving in to Castiel's insistent fucking, loving the way Dean could take
"You want pancakes or somethin'?" Dean grumbled and even though he didn't sound all that friendly, Cas could appreciate the sentiment.
That night Sam received a message.
"So you've talked to Castiel and he decided that your mom didn't love you," Benny repeated, unbelieving, and I nodded hesitantly.
Slowly, Castiel started stroking again. I wasn't close to coming anymore, thanks to his previous iron grip on my dick, but it was building up again quickly. I held still, knowing Castiel wanted me to, so I just sat there, mouth wide open and eyes closed. Castiel's hand was unrelenting, moving in just the right pace, bringing me closer and closer to my orgasm again. My breathing sped up, I felt it building in my stomach, and then, and then -- stop.
to remember, it
When the movie was done, Castiel turned towards Dean, only to realize that the boy had already been staring at him. Castiel stared back at him expectantly, letting his eyes roam over Dean's face: his eyes, his freckles, his lips... Then he looked up at Dean from under his lashes seductively, expecting Dean to get the hint and kiss him. Dean's mouth opened just a fraction and he licked his lips nervously. "Should we..." Dean started, but then decided against talking and simply leaned in and gently pressed his lips against Castiel's.
And even though Castiel was not at all expecting it, he let it happen with only a quick glance in Dean's direction. The other boy was blushing like crazy and pointedly not looking at him, so Castiel decided not to say anything. It felt kinda nice anyway, he thought.
"Scoot over?" Castiel asked, smiling, taking Dean by surprise. They'd never really shared a bed, but they did lie next to each other every once in a while, just talking. That usually happened during the day though, not when it was the middle of the night and so dark you could barely see your hand in front of your eyes.
They were inseparable. And it was almost creepy how natural things seemed between the two.
Castiel begged the ground to swallow him.
"We don't really have seatbelts," Sam mentioned when they sat down, even though Cas hadn't made an attempt to look for them. "Sorry," he added, not sounding all that sorry, and turned the key in the ignition. The car came to life with a rumble.
From then on, sex with Dean is easier. I don't struggle anymore, just wait it out as best as I can and throw in the occasional moan. Dean's been a little gentler from then on, too, most of the time at least, and I'm pretty sure that if I tried and gave in completely, I might even be able to enjoy it.
It took a few seconds before Dean realized what was happening. And then he couldn't help the laugh bursting out of him without his approval. He'd finally realized what the hell was going on. Castiel was freaking
teleporter?"
"I am sorry," Cas apologized.
"What does that book even look like, by the way, and what's so important about it that it has you jumping into a dumpster to find it?" he added a few silent minutes later.
we were together."
He loved me passionately and made sure I was alright, even though he still liked to order me around every once in a while. He surprised me with presents at random, made sure I had everything I needed and more, and I was threatening to drown in my affection for this man. Castiel was my one and only, my undying love, and when I looked at him lying next to me, sweaty and blissed out after sex, I couldn't say I regretted my decision to leave with him...
"I... Do-- do you really believe so?" Castiel asked incredulously.
I couldn't help but laugh, teasing him. "If you like him that much already, why don't you just marry him?" I asked and Dean laughed along with me.
And a few years down the road, Castiel and Dean got married in matching tuxes, their family and friends cheering for them, and in that moment, it felt like everything was perfect.
When Dean comes downstairs the next time, he finds me pouting under the bed, half-asleep but mostly awake.
And because of that, he waited in the lobby with Meg every day until the delivery guy came and asked for "Mr. Dean Winchester," accepting the flowers proudly.
"You got space for one more?" Castiel spoke over the music, locking eyes with a stunning model-type man in his thirties. He had intense green eyes and a stubbled jaw, and he was weirdly pretty for a man his age. He was obviously older than Castiel by about ten years but Castiel wasn't all that bothered by it. He'd screwed around with older guys before and he'd never been disappointed.
He shook his head. "No."
Dean's eyes were locked on Castiel's cheek in disbelief, right where Balthazar had just kissed Castiel. He had kissed him. That bastard had fucking
It rang three times until someone answered with a distracted, "Hello?"
Math was Castiel's favorite class.
"Dean," I whined when he took off his boxers quickly and I stopped breathlessly when I saw his dick. It was bigger than mine and rock hard, leaking pre-come into his hand.
"I just wanted to speak to you alone for a second," Dean continued, his eyes impassive as ever. "See, your mom and I, we've... we've decided to move in together. I'll be living with you starting next week. I hope that's okay with you," he said, worry showing in his gaze as if he genuinely sought my approval. I was a little overwhelmed.
"What kind of delivery?" he asked, frowning. He hadn't ordered anything recently.
Oh, damn it. This really was the worst place for a first kiss. A first kiss was supposed to be romantic and in the pouring rain or something, and preferably not in the middle of a smelly dumpster.
"You can't leave me here!" Castiel screamed and faster than expected, he had jumped to his feet, scrambling after Jimmy in a panic. He wrapped a hand around the man's wrist forcefully. "You gotta help me get back!
"Can I ask what made you realize?" Castiel asked. "For me it was Dr. Sexy, as dumb as it sounds." He laughs and Dean can't help but stare in wonder. Castiel watches Dr. Sexy. Could the guy be any more perfect?
I breathed out slowly. Okay, not quite as creepy as my suspicion that he'd picked the lock, but still scary as fuck.
"If you don't tell me why you thought that, I'll keep reading," he warned and Castiel fought with himself about what to do. He couldn't tell him the reason, but Dean reading it out loud would be just as bad. What was he supposed to do?
- spoke up when he heard Dean's grunt of pain. Opening his eyes with some difficulty, Dean found intense blue ones staring right back at him. The bastard was wearing a shit-eating grin.
Weirdly enough, Castiel ignoring him does nothing to alleviate the pressure on his chest, even though he knows it's what's best.
"Dude!!" He heard the voices.
your Dean," he announced, gaining a safe distance from the man in question, and wiped his mouth with his sleeve. "Ew," he said again.
"Oh?" she asked and her hand came up to her mouth in a pretentious gesture of surprise. Castiel felt sick at the sight of it. "Well, how do you know if you've never even tried?" she continued and suddenly there was something in her eyes -- an evil twinkle, a smug glint... Castiel didn't know. But he knew it was better not to reply right now.
I felt dirty.
cooler. A little awkward I guess, but really nice. You'd get along great," Dean continued and I frowned slightly, taking a bite of my pizza while Dean was still talking. He seemed to really like that guy. "He also told me his family's had a bee farm for years, but since he had to move in order to attend college, he had to leave it behind. Real sad, right?" Dean asked, sounding strangely genuine, and my frown deepened. Since when did Dean care about bees?
Dean looked down at him with an expectant frown and Castiel smiled up at him shyly. "Thank you," he said.
I nodded quickly, knowing what he meant but not really believing Castiel would do me harm. Yeah, he was a little weird and yes, he did have a slightly creepy side, but I was not a kid anymore. I could handle myself.
"Leave Dean the fuck alone. I won't say it again," Castiel growled and let go off Benny a second later. All I then heard was the sound of quick footsteps and violent cursing.
Castiel's breathing sped up even more.
"Where else would I sleep?" I asked back.
After today though, he'd be '
Castiel turned around apprehensively.
His eyes fell back on me quickly and he buried one of his hands in my hair, pulling me closer inch for inch. It didn't hurt, not at all, but I still struggled slightly. I felt my dick twitching in my pants -I'd had wet dreams about being in a situation like this since the laundry room incident- but now that it was actually happening, I panicked.
"I apologize, sir," he said quietly, hoping to please his boss enough to let him go easy, but Metatron wasn't done. He pulled himself out of his leather chair and came closer, his small form failing to seem the least bit threatening but Inias pretended to be intimidated anyway. It was the smart thing to do.
, you idiot. Of course, you'll stay with me!" Dean exclaimed, making a tentative smile form on Cas's face. "If you want to, I mean."
"Dude," he blurted out, clearly surprised by their presence. "I was on my way to get a motel room, I thought you said you were gonna get laid tonight," the man said and Dean turned his head towards him sleepily. Castiel didn't stop massaging him.
?" he inquired, hating the way his voice broke at the end of his sentence. He hated sounding as vulnerable as he did right now, but it wasn't as if he could help it. Castiel had the power to destroy him with a single sentence and that wasn't even funny anymore.
"Dean and I..." Cas starts and looks at me insecurely. After a few seconds, he takes my hand in his determinedly. It's perfect and I can't suppress the smile that's spreading on my face. I never wanna let go.
He was... alone, he realized. Obviously, someone wasn't doing their duty. The room wasn't as big as he had expected, but it was rather spacey, considering that the only thing filling the room was a small metal stool, a table with a coffee mug on it, and a huge computer-like thing that filled half of the room on its own. Holy hell. How was he supposed to find the
"Dean! Open the door, you asshole!" Benny shouted and I was still able to hear him, my hands not cutting off the sound like I wanted them to. A silent sob escaped my throat, thoughts swirling around in my mind. I couldn't breathe.
If I just knew what happened... But my head hurts too badly to concentrate on anything in particular.
I shook my head quickly to gain back coherent thought. Castiel wouldn't be interested in me anyway, I was way too young for him. I was seventeen, for God's sake.
"Yes, Dean, I do have tattoos," Castiel laughed and leaned in again, continuing to kiss him while Dean was trying to touch every inch of his skin.
"Admit it, though," Dean pulled him from his thoughts. "Fucking an unconscious body is
"What are you guys talking about?" he asked and walked over to us. He came to stand behind Cas, who was still sitting on the couch with me and now laid his head back to look up at Dean. Dean smiled down at him, eyes not leaving Cas's once.
I know I'm gonna kill this man with him.
Caught in a weird sort of hug, all Dean can do is stare down at the dorky, trench-coated boy below him, who is looking back at him with surprise in his wide blue eyes. The boy's mouth opens but no sound comes out for a few seconds. And then he finally seems to realize their predicament and pushes away quickly.
I paused for a moment. "So... You're together," I stated, repeating it to make sure I didn't get anything wrong this time.
He was just mentioned on the side, never the actual topic of our talks but constantly present. To be honest, I already felt like I knew him without even having met him. It was difficult not to when Dean wouldn't shut up about him.
spoil him?
How could I ever forget?
So, yes, Dean held back for some reason, and that reason, as they found out later, had indeed been Castiel Novak from the start.
"Come in, Amara," he said defeatedly, preparing himself for the worst, and leaned back in his seat. Amara was alright, really, if a little blunt and insensitive at times. She was also
"He totally is. He's planting doubts in your head, man, don't let him get to you. Fuck, I knew that guy would be trouble. I knew just by looking at him," Benny decided, wiping over his face with his hand. He was silent for a few seconds, just staring at the wall in thought. I didn't dare interrupt the silence.
"I do not feel everything, I suppose," he started, searching for the right words and only somewhat finding them. "I do not feel fear for example. Or pain. I do feel happiness, however, and confusion and fondness. I do feel disappointment and pride. I do feel a lot of other things I do not know what to name, but I know that I do feel them," he said, his gaze finding Dean's and holding it as he spoke. "I suppose I could feel love as well if I tried."
In an attempt to distract Dean from figuring it out, Castiel pressed his lips against Dean's, grinding his hips against the older man's. Dean let out a happy little groan and opened his mouth sloppily, eager for Castiel's tongue. The cab driver in the front cleared his throat to get their attention but neither of them cared enough to stop. The man would just have to suffer through.
"Great," Dean replied and smiled right back.
"Right back atcha," he muttered, stole another glance at the skin-tight shirt Castiel was wearing that hid absolutely nothing and gulped against the tightness in his throat.
"You watch me in the locker room?" Dean asked and lowered the book in surprise. He didn't sound as shocked or disgusted as he probably should have, glancing at Castiel in wonder instead, but of course Castiel barely noticed in his panic. He ripped the book out of Dean's lowered hands finally and made an attempt to leave, swinging a leg over the dumpster's edge quickly, but Dean's made him stop mid-movement.
"Then that hospotal can't be that far away," Sam mumbled, more to himself than to Cas. "Thirty minutes by car at the most."
"But... You're a man," Jack observed with a frown in his face.
Yes, Dean Winchester was a ladies' man, no doubt about it. And even though his reputation as a heartbreaker preceded him, no girl was able to resist him. His natural charm combined with his bad-boy attitude just seemed to make girls (and the occasional guy, too) weak in the knees. As far as anyone knew, even the occasional straight guy -- not that they would willingly admit it, but there was no denying the lustful gazes that followed Dean around wherever he went.
"I really am sorry about what happened," Castiel said and he looked genuinely apologetic. Maybe he really did regret it. Maybe that's why I didn't see him those last days, too, because he felt guilty?
It was different than last time - which didn't mean that it was worse. It was slower, for one, and more sensual. There was none of the drunken desperation from Saturday, none of the sloppiness; it was simply nice.
I knew it was Cas the very moment I saw his face. But really, who else could it have been?
"Barely of age," Dean says and laughs. I scowl at him weakly. I don't know what he finds so funny. But then again, I'm not in the position to tell him that.
"Cas?" Sam asked. "You with us?"
He wondered if Sam and Dean had called the police already. If the police even believed them. He hoped for the best.
working," I told him. "And he still wasn't satisfied! Bobby's such an asshole sometimes," I decided, not meaning what I said but saying it anyway.
"Oh God, I can't
"It's still possible," he grumbled.
Needless to mention, Dean's words caused a lot of talk amongst the students and they even started a few fights on his behalf. Dean wasn't bothered by any of it, happily going on with his life, not getting involved in any of the discussions and not giving anything away...
"No, it wasn't," Dean replied and chuckled, obviously not feeling very guilty about it. "But it was fun. And when I saw that the customer service guy was cute, too, I decided to score a date with him as 'compensation,'" he laughed. "Just imagine my surprise when you offered me a freaking massage before I could even suggest anything!"
to do with
"Dude," Dean said, trying to hold back his laughter without being particularly successful, and put a hand down on Castiel's shoulder in reassurance when the man looked back at him helplessly. "Is that your attempt at flirting with me?" Dean managed to ask when he'd finally somewhat calmed down.
kid that I'm raising on my own." That had to be enough to make Castiel realize he was straight, right?
"Could you fix the problem?" Cas asked because he didn't know what else to reply.
know about them!" Charlie cried.
Castiel gave a lot of instructions, in general, seemingly liking to have the upper hand. When he was in a bad mood for example, he'd make me clean stuff around the flat; when he was particularly happy, he'd tell me to go out and do whatever I wanted. I mostly met up with Benny whenever that happened.
The next thing I see is the perfect face right above mine, looking down at me hungrily. I stare at it in awe. Oh so perfect.
"It's true!" Dean exclaimed and his angry disappointment took over. He was the perfect boyfriend for Castiel, and he knew it! "I'd be a total sweetheart! I'd make you compliments all the time and I'd look at you with heart eyes whenever you're not looking and I'd never leave your side at parties, except if you wanted me to, and I'd tell everyone about how great you are and how awesome you are in bed, even if you weren't -even though I'm sure you are-, and I'd cuddle you to sleep every night and kiss your forehead and give you the best presents and I just." He halted to a stop. Castiel was looking at him with a somewhat amused expression on his face. Cas thought all this was funny... Dean's heart felt crushed once again. "I'd be a great boyfriend," he concluded quietly, looking away.
"Well, uh... Was somebody holding the ladder while you were on it?" Castiel asked and the man scoffed with a confused frown on his face.
Only he wasn't left alone this time.
"It--" Cas started and paused, staring ahead with a desperate look in his eyes. "It is not your fault, I am sorry," he then said, glancing towards Dean guiltily, and all Dean wanted to do was kiss the shame away, but he didn't know if he was allowed to.
And okay, some of Dean's friends later argued that 'a blowjob was a blowjob, no matter if you got it from a girl or a guy, no big deal at all,' but most of them knew that this was special. If it really didn't make a difference, then why had Dean never done it before?
"Dinner time, folks," Dean announced, successfully catching both their attention. "You ready for the best lasagna you ever had, Cas?"
He walks down a narrow street. It's cold and misty and he can barely see what's ahead of him, but that doesn't bother him much. He doesn't know where he's headed anyway, so he simply continues walking.
"What happened next?" Sam asked even though he knew most of the rest.
"It's okay, Cas, really. Were there humans, too?" he asked next and Cas nodded slowly.
"God damn it," he cursed and pressed the assistance button.
"I took on the name Cas. When it started raining, I entered the library and I met you. You took me with you."
When all three meals were prepared, Dean took the plates and walked into the living room where Castiel and Jack were still playing with the trains -apparently trains were able talk with each other now- and sat the plates down on the table.
, he's free to do whatever he wants," Castiel said, ignoring Dean's heartfelt words.
"Good. You shut off for a while there," he said.
Dean felt sick. This was all his fault. His fault for not firing Amara when he should have so long ago. His fault for not protecting Castiel from Amara when he knew she had it out for him. It was his fault that Castiel was
special.
"I know," Cas said, an unfamiliar hint of nervous anticipation curling in his gut. He glanced towards Dean in the driver's seat.
However, it doesn't actually matter whether Castiel is gay or not, everybody believes that he is now anyway. And the school may have reacted well to Charlie's coming out, but lesbians were still more socially accepted than gay guys, at least in Dean's understanding, so Dean can't help but fear for Castiel. He doesn't want him to get bullied for who he is (or isn't), so, despite not actually being friends with him, Dean decides to keep a careful eye on Castiel, just in case some asshole tries to pull something.
"Sure, Charles," he replied, not even looking up from his work. There was no such thing as mind readers, everybody knew that. And just because Charlie had 'the ultimate proof,' there was no reason to believe her. It was
had been the one to start the conversation, which meant he apparently wasn't opposed to talking to him -- even if it was only to fill the awkward silence between them. Hell, Dean had even been carrying his flowers! It could've been the perfect moment for Castiel to make a joke about what a 'beautiful bouquet' Dean had, easily striking up a conversation and maybe even asking him out. But of course he'd failed.
"That's okay, it was all worth it. Genius can take its time," Dean said and winked at Castiel, the latter's eyes widening in disbelief. Dean had winked at him! He felt like he might faint. "Is there anything new you're working on at the moment?" Dean then asked and Castiel gulped down his insecurity and stood a little straighter. He could tell him about his work; it was the only thing he knew how to talk about after all.
his favorite class, but it surely wasn't because of the subject itself. It was more the fact that a certain individual who attended this class always took the opportunity to talk to him for a while that made it great.
"No, I am not okay," he almost shouted at her. "I am so not okay! This is all my fault, it's my fucking fault he's..." he trailed of and rubbed a hand over his face in an attempt to collect himself. He noticed a few stray tears.
to press the button. Now come on," he yelled and gripped her arm again, pulling her out of her booth and towards the stairs despite her protests.
Mom wouldn't even have to know.
"Thank you, Dean," Castiel answered, flustered, and he felt his cheeks redden slightly. He passed the clipboard back to Dean.
Behind him, he heard Dean say, "Not what I was gonna..." but by then he was already out of earshot.
Dean looked up at him. "Yeah... Yeah. I mean, my head hurts, but... It's alright."
"I was avoiding you because... Those damn pants, dude," Dean said, visibly distracted by the memory and dreamily staring into nothing. "How was I supposed to deal with you in skinny jeans?"
It had been long day.
"W-Well," I started. Was I gonna tell him about Castiel? I wouldn't even have to tell him
As soon as the door was closed, Castiel had him pressed against the wall, lips quickly finding Dean's, kissing him stupid. And even though Dean had known what was gonna happen, he was not at all prepared for the feeling of Castiel's smooth lips on his, Castiel's warm tongue seeking entrance, Castiel's firm body keeping him in place. It was all too much and not enough at the same time.
The day passed quicker than expected. Cas met the family and everyone seemed to like his genuine manner. But even though he had some short talks with our family members, mostly awkward small talk, he didn't leave Dean's side once. And whenever Dean would say something, he'd immediately turn to Cas to see his reaction. You could see the honest affection they had towards the other and I was glad Dean had found a friend like him.
A couple hours and a confusing phone call later, Castiel was standing in front of a small house, a folding table pressed under his arm, a backpack hanging from his shoulder. He wasn't really sure what to expect since Dean had been kinda cryptic on the phone, emphasizing the word '
"I want to."
I didn't say that out loud though, obviously.
"Um..." Dean started, looking back at me with a frown on his face. "Yeah...?"
"Hm?" the latter made expectantly.
"You're awake then," the man says, looking down at me, considering me skeptically. He doesn't seem uneasy or worried, it's almost as if he's used to this kind of stuff, as if he kidnaps people on a regular basis. The thought makes me shudder.
"Yes, show me," I say and giggle gladly. I'm still as high as the clouds. "Show me, baby, show me," I repeat and climb onto Dean's lap to kiss him. I feel him smile against my lips but push me away softly.
"Well, I don't know, but he's got that British charm..." Castiel replied, smirking cockily, and Dean set his jaw in frustration. He didn't answer for a few seconds, until, "Why didn't you ask
"How many more times?" I asked weakly and he looked at me contemplatingly.
, was all Dean could think.
"Nothing," Castiel muttered and turned away, facing the dumpster again, not daring to look back.
"Castiel," he muttered as an answer, sitting up slowly and taking a look around. He was in his laboratory. Had his invention worked after all? Did he come out on the other side? It certainly seemed so...
Castiel blinked. "Aren't we... Wait, where are we?" He sounded alarmed.
"See you around...Dean," Castiel muttered, more to himself than anyone else, and watched Dean disappear into the crowd slowly.
," Meg emphasized and ripped her arm away. "Forget it. I'm not going."
When the Winchesters went to bed, Cas was left on the couch again, spending the night with the Rubik's cube just like he'd spent the hours before. The toy was fascinating him and for some reason it didn't even begin to bore him, no matter how many times he succeeded. It was something new and Cas was good at it, and he reveled in that unfamiliar feeling of pride.
"I'm glad you like it," Castiel smiled adorably before taking a huge bite of his own.
A few weeks later, Castiel and Dean went to Prom together. They had dinner at Dean's house before they left, just like they'd planned it, and Dean's parents fell in love with Castiel almost as quickly as Dean had. At Prom, Castiel got to meet all of Dean's friends - whom Dean had apparently told weeks ago that they were dating - and surprisingly got along great with all of them. Then again, he should've expected it, since Dean chose his friends carefully.
...It wasn't as bad as it sounded.
Could it be a joke, maybe? Dean didn't think so... From what he'd heard about the eccentric man, Novak was not one to crack jokes very frequently.
, something in the back of my mind screams,
"Now, about that dinner..." he winked.
"Hey, you!" an angry voice came from behind him and Castiel closed his eyes in frustration. Another mad customer.
"What? No!" Dean scoffed even though it was more or less the truth, and he could see hope and confusion returning to Castiel's eyes. "Not at all, I-- This has been amazing, and I knew it would be, but... There's just something you don't know about me."
I don't move.
"Come on," the man said to the other. "Metatron will be glad to hear we finally got him." And they left the van to go to the front, shutting the doors behind them.
to me," I emphasized.
to ride you all night long..."
' in a weird kind of way Castiel didn't understand. But he opted to just go through with what they had agreed on. He'd promised after all...
I wasn't really in the mood for rational thought though. I knocked on Castiel's door before I had time to think about it.
"Alastair Morre," I say. "He used to beat me up in the locker room."
I knew it was unhealthy. I knew Benny was right. I was under Castiel's control, manipulated by his words, naked and bare right in front of him -- but I didn't fucking care. And maybe that was the worst part about this. I
"Oh, right, uh, introductions. Gabe? My brother Sam. Sammy? This is Gabe, he works in customer service," Dean falsely explained and Castiel felt the need to correct him.
And with those words, he climbed into his own bed, burying himself under the covers.
"Okay..." Sam replied thoughtfully, slowly turning into his usual, awake self. "You might be onto something there..."
"But what about the last question? How
"Sorry," Castiel's deep voice rumbled quietly. "I didn't mean to wake you," he added.
"Please," I whispered, suppressing a sob, and Castiel's eyes softened. I didn't usually get that whiny during sex, but normally, I wasn't denied to touch or kiss the other person. What was wrong with him?
"Yes! Now hang up and prepare your speech, you idiot," Sam laughed and even Dean couldn't help but chuckle slightly.
It was one of the few times I actually hung out at home and it was more or less coincidence, too, since I was just there to get some stuff out of my room. But no, of course Benny had to choose that exact moment to knock on my door.
"You-- My... My pants?" Castiel stammered, not understanding what was going on. "You were avoiding me because of my..."
After hours of not being able to fall asleep, I decided I'd go back to him tomorrow. Screw Benny. Screw promises. Who needed honesty? Castiel was more important.
Cas came to be our constant companion. Whether I visited Dean in his dorm -they'd made good on their promise and shared a room together this year- or during lunch or whenever I would run into them on campus, Cas was always with Dean. He probably had been the whole last year, too.
"Such a
"I'm Castiel," the guy said awkwardly, and Dean looked back at him in slight confusion.
"No! No, no, no, no, no, Cas!!" I shouted, not caring about who might hear because
"Why-- why'd you choke me?" I asked, voice hoarse and rough. I wasn't angry, not at all, but I still wanted to know what made him do it.
"Hey, by the way," Dean said, effectively regaining Castiel's attention. "Are you free tomorrow? I was thinking we could hang out again and I could make dinner or something."
I do.
for his age. No wonder everybody was freaking out about his good looks. Besides, I'd always had it bad for older men (or women).
With his mouth still full, his gaze fell onto the green box in his hands. He stopped mid-chew, tilting his head, and an idea tugged at him from the back of his mind.
Mom was at work when it happened the next time. She was out grocery shopping at the following. One time she was in her room with a migraine, another time downstairs cooking dinner! Dean was insatiable, quick and smart, and he
Backpack slumped over one shoulder, he hurried back to his dorm room, glaring at everyone standing in his way. He was aware that his bad mood wasn't their fault but that didn't stop Dean from being annoyed by their presence.
"Did I say you could do that?" he asked, interrupting our kiss yet again, and he sounded somewhat angry. I shook my head another time, tears starting to form in my eyes. My dick felt neglected and it was really starting to hurt.
"But you know what, Cas?" he asked, waiting until my eyes opened again before continuing. "It's not all about making Mommy happy. You gotta make Daddy happy, too. And I am your Dad now," he said, causing hope to flutter within me. His logic was faulty, I knew that, but it made me feel better about myself regardless. "Besides, what Mom doesn't know can't make her sad now, can it?"
," he said, obviously mocking the name he had given himself, and Cas glanced up at him expectantly. "You might've fooled my brother," he started, holding Cas's curious stare, "but don't believe for a
do you believe him?" Benny asked, like it was the weirdest thing he'd ever heard about.
"Yes."
I could safely say that I'd never come that hard in my life.
"I assume you don't want me to fuck you then?" Castiel asked and Dean's brain nearly exploded.
Wiping angry tears from his eyes he'd never noticed falling, Castiel stood up slowly and walked over to the three dumpsters standing next to each other. Which one had Michael thrown it in? He had to get it back. He took a chance and looked into the first one, seeing nothing but different kinds of waste, no book in sight. Same with the other two. He'd probably have to climb inside if he ever wanted to find it... Castiel sobbed in frustration; this wasn't fair.
"Come on," I said to Benny and pulled him with me by his sleeve. We walked the few steps to the stairs and Benny gave me a goodbye hug, inconspicuously muttering something in my ear, "Be careful, man."
