“Not exactly,” said Castiel. “I’m stronger, but it won’t last.” He tensed his knuckles around the steering wheel but remained otherwise quiet and calm. “It’s going to burn out. I’m an angel; I wasn’t meant to contain this power.”
“Yes, we’ve just moved here,” Castiel said, gesturing to dean. “I’m Castiel Jones, and this is my—” he swallowed, “husband, Dean. Our—daughter, Claire, is a junior.”
Castiel opened his mouth to speak, but his voice was overshadowed by another one; a darker one, full of amused malice.
Dean pulled Castiel’s lip back between his teeth and Castiel shuddered, gliding his hands up Dean’s arms and down his back, fingers digging into skin. Caught up in the passion, Castiel slid one hand back up into Dean’s hair and gripped hard, and Dean winched. Instead of pulling away, though, Castiel spread his palm and, carefully, sent a little shock of healing grace to the wound to fix it, then pulled Dean’s hair even harder. A low hum of pleasure rolled up Dean’s throat and vibrated against Castiel’s lips.
“I wanna do it,” said Dean, petulant.
“No.” Dean shook his head. “No, he didn’t need Cas anymore—”
“Alright,” said Castiel, nodding. He sank back down onto the bed and rubbed his face.
They fell into a comfortable silence, Castiel watching the water, Dean lounging on the blanket. “It’s quiet,” Castiel finally said.
Castiel didn’t think he was much of a blusher, but he found himself unable to answer verbally, and instead nodded, his face suddenly very hot. He reached out and took Dean’s hand, and Dean flashed a crooked grin and pulled him in quickly, bodies flush. He linked their fingers together and wound his other arm around Castiel’s back, watching the angel carefully. Castiel followed suit and looped his arm below Dean’s, fingers bunching up around his t-shirt.
Sam considered for a moment, chewing, and then shook his head. “Good point. Okay.”
Castiel turned to walk toward the door, leaving Dean scrambling. He turned his head to eye the desk drawer that held the ring, and turned back to call out, “Cas, wait!” But his voice was a hoarse whisper, and the angel had already disappeared into the dark of the hallway. “Damnit,” he whispered to himself, and followed Castiel out.
“Dean wouldn’t want him to—”
"Because," I smile at him, and lean forwards, tipping my forehead to his. We stare at each other, and my heart is racing--and I don't know why I've waited so long for this. "Angels see all these things, have all this power, but humans? You get the best thing. And we get jealous. You get love. I found it--found you. And I'm selfish."
“You do, usually,” said Sam. “We think—”
“I couldn’t stop if I tried.”
Castiel first pulled out a clean pair of boxers and jeans and quickly donned them, then laid out the same garments for Dean, carefully folding them on a corner of the blanket. Next, he drew out two plastic bags, one clinking with squat, mismatched glass jars and the other full of small, white tea light candles in shallow metal tins. With a too-quick-to-be-human precision, Castiel dropped a candle into each jar and nestled them at ten-inch intervals around the sides of the blanket, except for the edge that faced the water. He stood and plucked the whiskey bottle he’d wedged into the sand and went to put it in the duffel, but thought better of it, and replaced it with a little grin. He dove into the duffel again and withdrew a large bottle of champagne, which he nestled beside the whiskey, and then a pair of small, ceramic plates from the Bunker’s kitchen, and finally a slim cardboard box.
Sam turned to look at Jack, placing a hand on his shoulder. “So,” he said. “Wanna plan a surprise party?”
Castiel parted his lips and Dean’s parted with them, the angel rolling his jaw and his hips, only breaking away when he’d pulled a helpless sound from somewhere deep in Dean’s chest. He looked down at Dean, the hunter breathing heavy with eyes blown wide, and crooked a little grin. “You taste like whiskey too.” He paused, then wrinkled his nose. “Well—the molecules that make up whiskey, technically. I hope you didn’t spend too much on it, Dean, because the corn they used for this particular bottle wasn’t grown in very high-quality soil, and in a season without much rain, so it seems they had to source water from—”
“I forgot,” said Sam, hopping up and going to dig through his backpack. After a moment, he pulled out a small leather square that he carefully unrolled, and out into his palm slipped the vial of Castiel’s grace.
Dean rolled his eyes and settled beside Castiel, stripping out of his top layer of flannel. “So, what’s Epicureanism?” He tossed the flannel over to the hamper. It missed, landing in a lump on the floor nearby, but Dean paid it no mind.
It all happened in a matter of seconds. In one swift motion, Dean brought his beer bottle crashing down onto the table, shattering it and sending foam and glitter away from the impact in waves. A second later, he was wielding it like a baseball bat, and with a growl, he took a hard swipe at Michael’s throat. The archangel was caught off guard, but not for long. The bottle’s jagged edge sliced clean into the vessel’s jugular, and as Michael gripped the wound to stem the flow of blood, Dean attacked again. He took another swipe and caught Michael across the forearm that was raised to his throat. Dean got in one more hit, shoving the bottle into the archangel’s gut with a roar, before Michael retaliated.
“Stop it!” Dean shouted, the lead in his feet dissolving. He took two running steps forward, but Michael stopped him short.
“That’s not hiking,” answered Sam, rolling his eyes. “Hiking is
Castiel lifted his chin in question, and Dean gripped Castiel’s arm, squeezed it hard in answer, smiled. Castiel smiled back and rocked his hips forward once, slowly, then pulled out even slower. He groaned as he picked up a slow rhythm, rolling smoothly in and out of Dean, who arched and moaned beneath him, wrapped his legs around Castiel’s back. Dean braced himself with a hand on the door behind him, head thrown back against the seat, eyes closed, mouth open. “You won’t break me,” he whispered brokenly to Castiel when he felt the almost-angels arms shaking with restraint, and Castiel growled, thrusting harder, faster. A loud sound of pleasure rolled from Dean’s chest, and Castiel growled, pressed a hand to the window. Dean let one foot slip to the floor for leverage and lifted his hips, and Castiel bucked harder, took Dean’s erection into his hand and began to pump with the rhythm.
“We need you,” Dean said.
“Well, it’s like a devastatingly handsome temporary human once told me,” said Dean, smirking. “You deserve good things.”
“Can we help with anything?” Castiel asked, stepping forward.
Dean stared, rooted to the spot. He was sure he was falling; his stomach knew it. It was tangled in knots, climbing its way up his throat. “This isn’t real,” he whispered, finally, almost to himself.
“Call her back,” said Sam, jaw set. “Tell her to get on a plane.”
“Good.”
“Why would a witch recruit monsters when they could just send people into traffic?” Castiel asked, squinting toward the ambulance.
Castiel’s lips parted as he stared at Dean, narrowing his eyes in consideration. Dean’s brows lifted in question, and finally, Castiel answered, “…no. Yes. I think so?”
“Of course. C’mon.”
Dean was silent, slack-jawed. Fear rose up in his throat, making his mouth taste bitter and dry.
Dean opened his mouth, but Castiel only clenched his fist tighter and his eyes glowed more intensely.
Castiel was quiet for a long while, watching the patch of darkness where Sam was trying to sleep. “I knew they’d died,” he said. “I didn’t know how much Sam blamed himself. Though I suppose I should have.”
“You can tell them,” Castiel’s voice rose quietly from the red dark.
“Did you have a nice time?” Michael taunted. “What do you think of my—oh, come now, Cassie! There’s no need for tears.”
“You—no, you didn’t die, but your temperature was off the charts, man. It was like you ate the freakin’ sun. We had to cool you down.”
“Do not,” protested Dean, snagging Castiel’s hand and lacing their fingers.
“He’ll realize what a dick he’s being soon if he hasn’t already. He probably already knows and he’s just embarrassed.”
“Don’t call it that either!”
“It’s really me,” said Castiel, and he began walking forwards. His footfalls were silent and appeared to land on nothing.
late.”
The old man smiled a little, and added, “I remember when her first color film came out in the sixties. Boy, I swear, I saw men leave their wives at the drive-in—and she had to be fifty years old by then. Man, she was a fox. Those eyes were so blue they’d break your heart.”
man. You don’t know the meaning of the word.”
A trio of punctuating gunshots jolted Dean fully awake, only for a moment: he saw the blur of a falling body but couldn’t make out whose it is; from somewhere, heard the clatter of metal, the distinctive whoosh of wings. Then footsteps, Sam yelling, “Cas! Hey! That you in there?” But as the relative calm of a battle won settled over the warehouse, he let the tension leave his body, and drifted back into the black.
Sam smirked and let out a low laugh. “I’m just messing with you, man.”
“Just—hang on, listen,” said Sam, holding up his hands. Dean shrugged, and Sam continued. “In the War of Heaven and Hell—the one where Lucifer led his rebel angels against God—other big demons and angels led their own factions against each other.” He paused and looked up to smile briefly at Dean. “Castiel led one,” he said softly, ticking his forehead toward the book. “There are pages about him in there too, later on. That’s the garrison he used to mention.”
When Dean defies his wishes, follows him to town, slides in close beside him in the booth at a diner.
Song: "Fade Into You"
“I’m all ears, Sammy,” said Dean, grumbling.
Dean’s body prickled with static and goosebumps, though he wasn’t cold. “Cas…”
“Sure,” said Castiel, and they both exited the car, heading in opposite directions.
“What does it mean?”
“I get it,” said Jack, lowering his hands to his lap. “Like a ghost. You feel…haunted.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah,” said Dean. “Fire up the grill?”
you’d find me. I was afraid you’d find my corpse, or that you or Sam would get hurt or die trying, because—well, you’re both incredibly reckless.”
“Hey,” said Dean, softly. “C’mere.” He shrugged out of his coat and flannel and tossed them on a chair, then toed off his boots to crawl onto the bed. He scooted to lean against the headboard, and said again, “C’mere, Cas,” before reaching to gently guide Castiel towards him and settle the angel between his legs, resting his back against Dean’s chest. Castiel sighed and let his eyes droop, his head lolling back to rest just below Dean’s chin.
“Good, that’s good,” said Dean, exhaling. “Hey—you okay for thirty seconds while I run to the car? I got you a present.”
“Yes you—oh.
A stinging palm connecting with his cheek interrupted his panic, cleared away the mist. “Dean! Snap out of it, man!”
“So you’ll do it?” asked Sam.
, followed by a long list of porn and erotica titles. Dean rolled his eyes at himself and deleted the search again and pulled up Netflix instead, putting on Full Metal Jacket for the hundredth time. He watched absently and was distracted within a half hour, folding his hands across his chest and leaning back to stare at the ceiling. He muted the movie, closed his eyes, and sighed through his nose, remaining that way for a few minutes to enjoy the moment of relative peace and quiet after the last few days of chaos. When he finally opened his eyes again, he looked over to Castiel on the bed, still sleeping, and asked aloud softly, “What can humans do that angels can’t?”
“You’re right,” said Dean, and Castiel bristled. Dean swallowed and shook his head. He stepped into Castiel’s space and hesitantly reached for his lover’s cheek, as if asking permission. “No, I—I’m sorry. I was—”
“Cas,” he sighed, rubbing a hand over his face. “I’m sorry my brother’s a dumbass.”
“I know,” said Sam, but he did as he was told. Dean set the plate in front of him and picked up a piece of bacon, trying to force-feed his brother.  Sam scowled and swatted Dean’s hand. “Dude, stop.”
“Okay,” said Sam. He patted Dean on the shoulder and started for the door. “I have my phone. Call if you need anything.”
“Hey! These things work? The record players?” he called to the old man at the counter.
Sam doubled over in laughter as he watched the tears stream down Castiel’s cheeks, but Castiel refused to spit it out, and Dean couldn’t tell whether it was from pride or lack of experience. Jack joined in the laughter, and Dean smiled wide, lifting his brows as he watched Castiel sweating through it, sipping on his beer.
“I love suffering, or you?” Castiel asked, awkwardly scooting back to give Dean room.
Castiel blew out a breath and closed his eyes, focusing hard. He could feel the last wispy tendrils of Michael’s grace writhing in his blood, and he willed all of them into one place. With a burst of effort and light, Castiel blinked into nothingness.
“Time is immaterial,” hissed Belial. “Be specific, human.”
“If you’re wrong and he’s—” Castiel growled but didn’t finish.
“What Sam told me,” he said. “Which was that you wanted to die. Or at the very least you didn’t care if you lived.”
Castiel hazarded a small smile back, but it faltered almost instantly, and he exhaled in frustration. “Yes. But we have to be there for that to happen, and now we’re back to square one.”
Sam shook his head and dragged him backwards, a smile edging its way back to his lips. “C’mon,” he said, and then to Dean and Cas, “Just—try not to break anything else?” He started off into the hallway, and then muttered, “Or do, but keep it to the bedro—”
Gently, he pressed a ghost of kiss to Dean’s lips and slowly shuffled himself out of bed, tucking the sheet and blanket back around Dean. They’d both slipped back into boxers before crawling into bed for Dean to sleep, and Castiel donned his earlier discarded jeans and t-shirt and padded silently to the bathroom. He blinked at himself in the mirror when he turned on the light—his hair was a wild, dark mess from where Dean’s hands had been, and because of that, he was hesitant to fix it—the physical proof of Dean’s touch. Still, for Sam’s sake, he pushed his fingers through it to settle it into something a little more typical.
In the space of a second, the table disappeared beneath Dean and a shiver unfolded itself from his spine, spreading through his body quick as lightning, and before he could even really register the sensation his back was pressed into something plush. In the darkness the familiar smell of old leather, gasoline and whiskey let him know immediately that he was in the backseat of the Impala, and Castiel was hovering like a rainstorm above him, full of electricity and thunder.
“No. I mean, yeah. I mean—I just don’t—” Dean stammered, looking anywhere but Castiel. He also started folding his clothes over the seat, save his boxers: damp, but not soaked. Awkwardly, he shifted himself so slip them on, and he sighed. “Look, Cas. This is what I want, or I wouldn’t’ve asked. Honest. But I never saw myself as the marrying type. Hunters—we don’t get married. Not really. Not like normal people do. And it feels—husband, marriage…those words feel cursed to me, man. My mom and dad, and Sam’s fiancée, it’s…That’s what this is, but—I don’t wanna call it that. Wanna call it something that’s just ours, that doesn’t feel like it’s gonna go up in smoke.”
“I think we’re good on the water,” said Sam, and Jack turned the handle. “Can you keep bringing ice? And—wait, get his shoes?”
“This is perfect,” he said, squeezing Castiel’s hand. “And I’d be happy to stay here forever—or until the hot water ran out, anyway—but I’m pretty hungry, and Sam’ll have the grill going by now.”
Dean scoffed. “Awesome. That’s great.”
“Sammy, I’m sorry,” Dean leaned toward his brother, calling after him.
Dean reached up and wrapped his fingers around Castiel’s wrist, just below his chin. A small smile turned the corner of his lips. “Don’t think I’ve ever said this in my life,” he said, “but I’m one lucky son of a bitch.”
Dean blinked and straightened with the realization and touched his cheek, then looked down at his fingers, smeared in blood. “Right,” he said, then turned to Castiel and scowled deeper. “You’re still bleeding, Cas.”
Sam was quiet for a few moments. He looked down into his coffee and stared, and finally said softly, “We’ve seen him worse. He’s spiraling, but we’ll pull him back. We always do.”
“I told you I don’t know!” yelled Dean.
“Yeah,” conceded Dean. He pulled back a little, just enough to look Castiel over. “This is a good look on you,” he said lowly, voice darkening.
The living room and kitchen in the small house might as well have been one room, only separated by the divide of a laminate floor to carpet. Dean couldn’t see Claire and Castiel, but he’d been listening to the exchange, and even blocked by the couch, he knew exactly what Cas was doing: elbows on the table, head in his hands, staring down into his beer. A wave of guilt shuttled through Dean, settling in his chest and constricting his throat.
Castiel mirrored Dean’s sound, sucking hot, gentle kisses down the length of Dean’s neck, When he reached the curve where it met Dean’s shoulder, he let go of the blanket and spread his left hand over Dean’s hip near the waistband of his still-unbuttoned jeans, his right hand lifting to trace two fingers across Dean’s jawline to his ear, then down the invisible line his lips had drawn.
Dean made his face carefully blank, and asked, trying to hide the dread in is voice, “Do—you want a wedding?”
“I know,” repeated Sam. “Come on. We’re not letting him go. We’re not, Dean. We’re calling Michael’s bluff. But we’re going to need a
“…Castiel’s grace?” Sam answered, brows knitting.
Dean groaned low in his throat, but what was a noise of contentment soon turned to one of struggle. “Cas—” he said, but Castiel didn’t relent. Instead, he kissed somehow harder, bruising into Dean’s lips. “Mmphh—” he started again and tried to push back against Castiel as his airway began to close. Suddenly the car went silent and dark: the music and engine ceased, and the headlights flickered off, as well as all the lights in the garage with a muffled pop. Instead of pushing, Dean was pushed back.
Dean tilted his head in acquiescence, then cleared his throat. “Anyway. You okay to keep an eye on him for a sec? I need a bathroom break. And I left two perfectly good bottles of whiskey in the car.”
Castiel didn’t open his eyes or move, except to give a sleepy smile. “Noted.”
“Why don’t we take this outside, little brother?” said Michael, and the void of Dean’s mind blazed white, obscuring everything.
“Solid,” said Dean. Sam nodded and steered Jack away, their conversation muffling in the hallway.
Dean snorted, jamming his phone back into the inside pocket of his suit jacket and striding for the door. “Yeah, okay, Dr. Phil. You coming or not?”
“Cool,” nodded Dean. He set off for the cooler. Behind him, he heard Sam shuffle to lean forward and talk to Castiel.
“Right,” said Dean, exhaling hard from his nose. “Okay.” He put his hands behind his head and turned to face the wall.
Jack found an empty spot and set about his task, and for a moment, the kitchen was quiet except for the sounds of knives on cutting boards, the sizzling of vegetables in a pan.
“I love you,” Dean whispered against Castiel’s mouth, parting his lips to work Castiel’s own kiss into something open and needy. “I’ve always loved you. I’m sorry, I’m sorry…”
“It wasn’t a dream,” answered Castiel, his voice thick and heavy beyond his control.
Sam huffed, but conceded. “Belial is, according to this, a ‘Demon Prince,’” he began. “Or, what we know as a Prince of Hell.”
Quickly, Dean knelt down and started thumbing through the records. He flipped past Twisted Sister, Dio, REO Speedwagon, Ladyheart, and grumbled, “Freakin’ hair metal…” before stopping on a Motorhead vinyl for $5.99. He set it aside and kept flipping. Dean went through two of the crates and found a few things he liked—AC/DC, Black Sabbath, Jefferson Starship—and he set them out for himself, but still couldn’t find what he was looking for. He was losing hope by the time he began the third crate and was racing against the clock—five minutes to close—when he finally found the one he wanted—well, one of the ones. Deciding it was good enough, Dean piled up his records and the turntable and lugged them to the front.
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled. “Not like that. I just wanna keep an eye on him.”
“He’ll need to double the amount he’s using to account for what’s missing,” said Jack, brows lifting. “Which means he’ll extract more at once, which makes him weaker.” Beside him, Castiel let slip the barest grin.
Immediately, Castiel became aware of the tension in his features; he could only imagine what he looked like to Dean. Carefully, he let it drain into a mask of indifference, save for his lips pressing into a line. “You should get some rest,” he said simply, rising and setting his beer on the table.
Dean smiled. “It’s a pretty human thing. When we’re down we like to listen to stuff that keeps us there,” he said, and then added, “Because we hate ourselves, I guess.” He paused, and his heart thudded, stomach twisted. He looked over at Castiel and asked, gently, “So what’s got you there?”
“Yes,” said Castiel, and lifted a brow to Dean. “How’d you know?”
“I don’t know, Jack,” said Castiel, honestly.
"You know, I'm old, Dean--not the oldest thing out there, or even close to the oldest angel--but I'm old. By your count, in human time, I've been alive for...oh, millennia."
“Yeah,” said Dean. “But that’s why you like me.”
“Whatever, man. It’s like I told Sammy: if bacon’s what kills me, I win.”
“What’s that you like to say—there’s always a way? I knew you’d find a way because you always do. Because you’re a miracle. The only thing I was afraid of was
And then he smiled, and though it was Dean’s face, it wasn’t Dean.
The angel sat on the other end of the couch, and Dean was struck by the existence of his body, still in the borrowed t-shirt and jeans—he was so unused to seeing the angel without layers of ill-fitting clothes. And coupled with the piercing blue eyes leveled on his, Dean almost lost his nerve.
“Okay,” said Dean, knitting his brows. “How’re you feeling?”
Jack took the box and turned it to examine the photo on the front. “Why is it in a suitcase?”
“I believe I can reroute the current,” said Castiel, “But satellite would be easier, as the wavelengths are similar to the ones used for—”
“I’m not gonna leave you!”
Out in the real world, trapped on his knees in a ring of fire, hands bound by magic, Dean Winchester opened his eyes.
“I—” said Dean, but his body seized up as if gripped hard by some invisible force. His eyes slipped shut and his head lolled.
“We’ll get it started then, shall we?” said Rowena, and said to Jack. “Do it in exactly that order, and say it just like we practiced.”
“Can’t you make it go faster?” Dean groaned. He leaned forward and tapped on the glass, narrowed his eyes at the dull brown stones. “I don’t even see anything yet.”
“It is,” agreed Sam. He looked to the fruit in Dean’s palm. “You tried that yet? It’s good.”
“Where do you need me?” asked Castiel, his own stoicism well intact once more.
“Could you turn it down?”
“I’m going to put on some dry clothes,” said Castiel, and turned to shuffle down the hall.
“Really nice,” said Sam, perking up again. “Like a calendar October day. Warm in the sun, cool breeze, only a few clouds.”
“I don’t know,” growled Castiel, his breathing labored. “How many are there?”
Rowena gave a simpering shrug, and looked to Sam.
Minutes ticked by and finally, Dean heard Castiel sigh. “Oh,” he breathed, and Dean smiled.
“Yes she does and you know it, and that’s why you’re making that face,” Dean retorted.
“You’re not a good liar yourself,” snarked Castiel gently. “And anyway. I can always tell when someone’s telling the truth. Remember?” He pointed above his head, and quoted Dean with a small smirk. “Halo, wings, harp?”
"How long has she been gone?" I ask, my brows lowering. A pang pulls in my chest; I can't pretend these feelings belong to Jimmy anymore. This is my body now, and the things I feel are mine.
Song: Since I've Been Loving You
“What about you?”
I smile, just barely, and shake my head. "The Lord works in mysterious ways. But you? This?" I reach up with my other hand, place it on his cheek, and feel him lean just slightly into my palm. "Was worth rebelling for. Was worth everything. Will always be worth everything. My wings, my grace, my life--I'd give it, all of it, for you. Every time."
“Maybe later,” said Castiel, smugly, and he strode to hold open the door for Dean.
Power of Attorney: the authority to act for another person in specified or all legal or financial matters
“Glad you had fun,” said Dean, his grin cracking wider as he leaned his head back, closing his eyes.
“It doesn’t ‘suck’ that badly,” Castiel countered lazily. “I don’t mind being human. In fact, I vastly prefer humans to angels.”
“…weather patterns don’t seem to hold to Earth’s, but that’s to be expected, since—”
“The spell will have tired the poor lad out,” said Rowena, already packing her things on the other side of the room. “He’ll be fine but it’s going to take a day or so for the grace to fully separate. In the meantime,” she said, tossing her hair, “I’m going home, and taking the Book of the Damned with me.”
“Right,” said Sam, shaking his head. “There’s a scanner in a cabinet in the library. Have at it.”
“Dude,” started Sam, sighing. He pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes.
is different. And how many times have we done something stupid to save each other?”
“Nothing,” Dean grumbled, but looked around. “Where is he anyway?”
Then she comes, spilling crumbs on the bed
Sam smirked. “Years. ‘More profound bond?’ Yeah. Years.” He drained his own glass and held it out to Dean for a refill. “Anyway, you never look at me like you look at him. Hope you never do.”
The woman cut herself off as her voice broke, and murmurs and quiet, horrified gasps filled the room like buzzing flies. Dean and Castiel exchanged a glance, and Dean sat up straighter, donning his case face.
“Uh-huh.”
“She’s right,” said Castiel, shrugging. “We should get to a hotel and start warding.”
Castiel blinked at the shaggy-haired hunter in the doorway, then down to the half-empty pot, then nodded. “Oh. Right. My apologies.” He chugged the rest of the long-cold coffee while Sam watched with a sleepy kind dull wonder, then rose and paced over to pass off the empty carafe.
Dean stared, wide-eyed and chest heaving, at a spot on the wall where Castiel’s face had been moments before, the only evidence of his presence the bowl of ash on the desk and Dean’s aching knuckles. He heard his heartbeat hammering in his ears, could feel the veins in his neck throbbing in time, and beneath that, the far-off sound of someone screaming his name. Hands landed on his shoulder and spun him around with ease, but Dean couldn’t make out a face. All he could see was the mist from the spell, the white-hot flash of gunfire bouncing off it like heat lightning, an isolated, momentary storm.
“Where are you?” Dean’s voice echoed back, closer. Castiel sat rigid.
“Where would you like to start?” Castiel offered, his head tilting familiarly.
Dean’s eyes blew wide with shock, and as he looked away from Castiel, the angel’s stomach flipped in the most painfully human way—the way it always did with Dean. But this time was worse, somehow. More flippy. More painful. Cas felt as if he’d been split down the middle and everything inside was trying to force its way out. Meanwhile, strange, invisible hands clenched around his chest, making his lungs ache and his heart race. Finally, he spoke, almost too quietly to hear.
“Do you?”
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Castiel rolled his eyes, snagging his trench coat from where it had been resting for days, slung over the back of a kitchen chair.
“Cas, Dean wouldn’t want—” Jack tried again.
“And?”
“Where are we, Cas?” Dean finally whispered, awestruck.
“Probably out looking for a vamp nest he dug up or something else stupid,” said Sam. “He was researching all night and basically salivating over the sunrise he was so desperate to work. So don’t give me that ‘nothing happened’ bullshit.”
“Literally none of this makes sense,” said Sam, sighing.
“Let him go,” Castiel growled, the archangel blade dropping from his sleeve. Michael smirked.
“For you shall worship no other god, for the Lord, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God,” Castiel recited blandly. He reached to cap his pen.
Last night sipped the sunset
“You sure?”
“He hasn’t,” Jack interrupted sternly, brows knitting.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled, settling more comfortably into the position than he’d ever dreamed he would. His eyes fluttered closed and he drifted off to Castiel’s hand resting across his heart, the other carding gently through his hair. And, sometime in the night, he swore he felt warm, chapped lips grace over his forehead, his nose, his mouth, and when he woke the next day he prayed he hadn’t dreamt it.
“Gonna be fine,” said Dean, unconvincingly.
“I’ll find another vessel!” yelled Michael, taking quick steps backward, panicked. “I’ll find you and take back my grace by force!”
Silence settled over the car. Dean leaned into Castiel with a sigh and closed his eyes, content for the moment to relax against his angel, and Castiel seemed to savor the arrangement as well, face buried in Dean’s hair. Finally, Dean broke the silence with a little laugh through his nose, smirking. “You’re such a freakin’ romantic, Cas.”
“Alright,” he said, splashing a couple ounces of whiskey in the glasses he’d brought out. “Let’s do this.” He’d just started pouring the fourth glass when he faltered, looking up at Jack.
“I need you,” Castiel whispered, finishing for Dean. He glanced back to check that Sam was sleeping, then ticked his head and mouthed, “Come on.”
“You can’t leave me,” said Dean, louder, still panicked.
“Cas,” said Dean, cutting him off. “Listen—it’s probably nothing. I mean it’s a freakin’ morgue. And you’re—”
“Nah,” said Dean, waving it off, though he swayed on his feet a bit.
She shook her head at Dean and popped her gum, nodding towards Castiel. “No, the other guy. Blue eyes over there.”
“Thank you, Jack,” said Castiel from behind Dean. When he was silent, Castiel slipped into the chair beside his, reaching for his knee under the table to give it a gentle squeeze.
“And you’ll be cooking?” Castiel asked as Dean pulled away. He arched his brows in a look so uncharacteristically full of human excitement it made Dean melt.
“That’s kind of you to say.”
Jack resumed his cutting of the cake, doling out four uneven slices. “It has sprinkles
Dean curled one arm behind his head for a pillow and reached the other to settle easily on Cas’s thigh. “What are the others?”
“Should start calling you Sasstiel,” Dean said, elbowing the angel in the ribs.
and four more still standing. “Are those—werewolves? How are they shifted during the day?”
“I’m fine, Sam,” repeated Castiel tensely, a bit too loudly. He looked over to Jack and Dean, still sleeping, and lowered his voice. “The grace is, at worst, uncomfortable. I’ll deal with it when we’re back in the safety of the bunker.”
“It’s for a case,” Cas reminded gently. “It’s not like we’re really—we don’t have to—”
He meandered further down the hall and paused in front of Sam’s room, no light spilling from beneath the closed door. Dread was creeping its way back up his throat, past the feeble dam he’d erected since the conversation with Castiel to try and keep himself sane while he waited. Dean had lifted his hand to knock at Sam’s door, fully prepared to wake his brother up, but hesitated; he had no idea if Sam had slept while he’d been out, and despite wanting the company, Dean moved on. He snagged a bottle of whiskey from the kitchen, shut himself in his room, lay down on the bed, and drank in hopes of falling asleep.
“Yep,” said Dean. “You and Jack head on in. Me and Cas are gonna make a quick beer run.”
Dean followed his gaze down. A thick, gray mist was pooling around their feet like fog, slowly climbing the length of the barrier. As it moved, it erased what was on the other side. Dean couldn’t see Castiel’s feet anymore; only his own tiled floor. “It’s fading,” he said. He looked back up at Castiel, desperation watering his eyes. “Cas, you gotta be careful, okay? You gotta stay alive for me, you can’t—”
,” Castiel answered softly, evenly.
“How did you find this place?” Castiel asked, his eyes following an eagle as it soared out of the forest, coasted on an invisible breeze.
“Thank you, Jack,” said Castiel, clinking his glass. “You mean everything to us.”
Dean doesn't immediately look at me, but I see his body language change. His shoulders roll back and stiffen, and he wipes a hand from his forehead down to rub at the scruff on his chin. "Cas, hey," he rumbles softly. He has to clear his throat before he speaks again. "How's the hunt for Lucifer going?"
“Sam—” started Dean.
“C’mon, Cas…”
“Hey!” Dean called out over the dull roar of rain, reaching to cup Castiel’s cheek and draw his gaze back down. When he found blue eyes looking back into his, he tilted up his chin to bruise a kiss against Castiel’s lips, then broke it slowly with a grin.
Sam and Jack slid into seats, and Dean slid them each a beer as he settled in himself. Jack spoke up next, face brightening a bit as a beer settled in front of him. “What do you mean?”
. But if you must know, I’m here to pay my debt. Square things away nice and tidy, as it were.”
Cas and Sam out there and not his imagination, they’d come running, and right now he wanted nothing more than to be alone.
“Awesome,” said Dean, and he smiled through flushing cheeks. He shook out the blanket and spread it over the grass, then sat cross-legged on one corner and pulled the duffel to his knees. Castiel took the other side of the blanket and set the cooler in between them, behind them in the grass. He watched as Dean fished out three low, half-burned up candles in glass jars, labeled Citronella in ugly red letters on the side. He flicked on his lighter and was hunching against the breeze, trying to light the candle, when he caught Castiel watching. “Mosquitos,” he explained, and handed Castiel the now-burning candle.
Catching up to Michael had been more difficult. Sam pulled the credit card records as soon as he and Jack were home and healed. That placed Michael in New York City in as little as fourteen hours since he disappeared with Dean, but he never stayed anywhere long. Castiel assumed it was systematic—Michael knew it would take the boys days to get to him in the Impala wherever he was, and by the time they got there, he could have been a thousand other places. Sam dug out an archangel tracking spell that worked via the vessel’s DNA (which, thankfully, there was plenty of around the bunker), but it wasn’t much help: the pendulum that hung over the US map moved just about every six hours, if not more often, and sometimes pointed off at nothing, meaning Michael wasn’t limiting himself to the country. Finally, they managed to rig a new pendulum over the world map in the war room, but it soon became clear that Michael was often not even on the planet. And through all of it, Castiel could feel Dean’s longing—strong and wild at first, like invisible roots reaching out for him in the dark—but growing weaker every day.
Castiel watched as Dean contorted oddly, wrestling with the wet fabric to try and clothe himself. He grinned and followed suit. When they were both fully dressed, they climbed over the front seat—avoiding the rain outside—and Dean drove them home in comfortable silence, classic rock on the radio, rain pelting the hood, their hands clasped easily on the seat between them.
“I can’t do anything else,” grumbled Jack, eyes still shut.
“Do not,” said Dean again as Castiel set off into the woods, the brothers tagging along beside him. “I sleep in my car and eat garbage literally all the time.”
Something – The Beatles (1969)
Castiel landed face down a few feet from Dean. He scrambled on his hands and knees for purchase, and Dean rushed forward to jerk him to his feet, then stepped possessively out in front. “What do you
Into each other
Artist: Bruce Springsteen
“When’d you get a frisbee?” Dean asked when Sam returned, sliding into one of the chairs beside him at the rickety, round table they’d dragged out from storage.
“I’ve been shirtless before,” Dean teased gently as he resettled himself, lazing his forearms over Castiel’s shoulders. “Hell, I’ve seen you naked. On my car, covered in bees…”
In a moment they were both bare, and Cas flipped Dean onto his back. Dean’s hand bunched around the sheet as Cas began mouthing a slow path of kisses down his chest. He dragged his nails along Dean’s sides and stopped to nip at a hipbone, pulling a small moan from Dean’s throat. But the doubt was introduced, and despite the heady pleasure, it nagged at the back of Dean’s brain, threatening to shake him from the moment. It was gnawing on him—not hard enough to hurt, but hard enough to notice. “Cas…” he said softly, reaching down to touch his lover’s hair.
“How old are you?” Dean scoffed, making a face at his brother. He pushed open the door with a foot and ticked his head to motion Sam inside.
“Yes,” said Castiel thickly after he swallowed. “How long will it take?”
“Yes,” said Jack, smiling brightly again. “There’s beer in the cooler over there.”
“I don’t,” assured Castiel gently.
“Yes,” Castiel answered. “We give you a ten-minute head start and then I follow in the warded van—”
“Do we have another choice?”
“I could,” mused Castiel. “But I’m not sure he’d let me. And if I waited too long, we could be so far apart in years, and then…well, I want it to be my decision. And I want it to be at a time when it makes sense.”
“No, I mean—there’s literally
“Fine,” said Sam, huffing. He rose to his feet and hefted his pack to his shoulder, unclipping a rolled sleeping bag from the bottom. “I’m gonna crash. You should talk to Cas about the plan.” He looked over at Castiel and mustered a smile. “Glad you’re okay, man.”
“Yeah, Mathers,” Dean said to himself, ignoring the angel. “Angela Mathers.” He scooped up Claire’s laptop from where she’d left it earlier on the couch.
“Shh!” Rowena hushed.
At first there was nothing but the familiar darkness of dreamless sleep. No joy, no fear—only an unending sea of static, inky unconsciousness. Then the buzzing started. In the beginning, just a mild irritant—a single fly somewhere off in the distance, easy to ignore. But soon other insects joined it, and the buzzing became a deafening hum of wings filling the entirety of the void. Then came the whirring: a high-pitched keen that approached like a train, soft and shrill as a dog whistle but steadily growing louder, higher, until the ringing was all there was, and the blackness split open down the middle, forcing Dean Winchester back into the light of the waking world.
“I feel fine,” Rowena chirped from behind her stack of books.
“Exactly, boyo. And he does
“Oh,” said Castiel, face blank. “Yes, I do remember that.”
The first time, they’ve just arrived in Purgatory. There’s a small gust of wind, the sound of feathers, and when Dean turns around, Castiel is gone. Dean doesn’t know why he’s disappeared, and he doesn’t feel the barely-there brush of an angel’s kiss on his cheek, disguised by the puff of breeze.
She wiggled her fingers. “Off you go. Don’t let the bedbugs bite.”
Castiel shook his head gently. “It was never really you I was angry with, Dean. I’m just—you’d call it ‘climbing the walls,’ I think.”
“Better than nothing,” said Sam. “Lucifer melted our Enochian handcuffs…”
Maybe it was because he was tired, and it made him feel raw, but without really meaning to, Dean softened and smiled at the image: at some point during the drive, Castiel had removed not only his trench coat, but his suit jacket as well, and rolled up the sleeves of his oversized white button-down shirt. They were folded on the seat between them. Dean never saw the angel like this—comfortable for the sake of comfort, face without the lines of care and tension he usually carried—and it was beautiful.
Song: "Oh! Darling"
?” Sam balked, looking up from his digging. “Does she know how bad it is?”
Castiel kept approaching slowly, though he stopped when, as he grew close, Dean defensively withdrew. “I…” he thought for a moment, and then began, “I can name every song on the Led Zeppelin mix tape you gave me. And that you felt guilty when one of the lyrics bothered me.”
Dean ran his tongue over his teeth, lost in thought. Distracted, he pushed his toes absently against the desk and threw his leaning chair off balance. The back legs scraped out from under him with a dull, scratchy squeak, and in a second flat Dean was on his back on the floor, the chair slapping it with a loud crack.
The real you. You were there.” He slowly swung his legs over the side of the bed to settle his feet on the floor and face Castiel, though he wouldn’t look him in the eye. He grimaced with the movement.
Song: "Tusk"
Castiel’s eyes widened at Dean. “You remember that?”
Cas nipped Dean’s lower lip and gave him a playful smile. “Better?”
“That’s not true,” protested Jack. “They care!”
“Okay.”
“Like Hell you are—” Dean started, looking up at her from Castiel.
“I know—but wouldn’t that imply you
“We call upon thee, Belial, Prince of Hell, you who defied God in the time before time,” said Rowena, voice low and stern. “Oh, desolator of shrines! Falsifier of the oracles of truth! Before thee all that is holy is made profane.” As she spoke, the reflections of the flames in the mirror began to disappear, as if someone was carrying the candles down a long hall—the light not being snuffed out, but sucked away, overwhelmed by a darkness so thick and heavy nothing could illuminate it.
“Alright,” answered Dean. He slurped back the rest of his coffee and turned to leave.
“Then it’s a last resort,” said Sam, stepping towards Castiel almost protectively. “We’re not sacrificing you, Cas.”
Sam rubbed the cold from his arms as he stepped back to make room for Jack, who folded the cold rag and laid it carefully across Castiel’s brow, then backed away. “What can we do?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just missing Mom,” answered Dean, grinning at the scene. “Where is she, anyway?”
The rain-soaked cloth was stubborn, and Dean sat back just long enough to let Castiel lift his hips from the seat so he could jerk his jeans down, boxers and all. He shuffled out of his own boxers while he was up, then leaned back down, grinding against Castiel as he did, pulling a low sound from his throat. “How far do you wanna go?” he whispered against Castiel’s lips.
Castiel hesitated, then turned for the fridge. “Maybe…beer, actually. If that’s alright.”
“Since I’ve got precious human cargo, alright?” he answered, gesturing to Castiel, who rolled his eyes.
“I don’t know,” said the angel when cornered by the trio of hunters. They had almost divided themselves literally, Sam and Claire on one side of the kitchen table, Dean on the other, Cas somewhere in the middle.
Castiel said nothing. He turned on a heel, coat billowing behind him, and closed the dungeon door on the sound of Dean’s echoing laughter. He called Sam to tell him it was time for another injection.
“Course you do,” said Dean. “You like rabbit food. Hey, get a couple pies too. Apple, of course. Blueberry, cherry, blackberry—”
“It does,” agreed Castiel. “I remember Epicurus. He was a brilliant mind. Wonderful orator. Just…” he shrugged again and looked over to Dean. “Blasphemous. Never mind that this was before Judaism, much less Christianity.”
“And it’ll work?”
“Dean—”
, stranger—and Castiel explained how in Eden, without pollution, the colors of the atmosphere looked different. Something to do with the molecules being cleaner, uncorrupted—but that in truth, he preferred the “human” sunsets on Earth.
“You can’t take mine?” Dean wondered at the same time.
Sam withdrew his hand, and Dean reached across the table without being asked to tie the wound with a bandana from his pocket. “Thanks,” Sam muttered when his brother finished, slumping back into his chair. “So, what now?”
“You’re family,” said Sam in answer, and he clapped Castiel gently on the shoulder before disappearing into the hall.
lose you again. I won’t.”
“That’s not—”
“Yeah,” echoed Sam, finally getting to his feet. He glanced around at the field around them, and the forest at the edge of it, and sighed. “How the hell do we find Cas in all this?”
“Not a problem,” Castiel answered. He let out a small chuckle. “This feels very similar to the early stages of intoxication.”
“Cas’s eyes are bleeding,” said Dean, controlled. He released Castiel’s arm. “What’ve you got, Rowena? We need to end this.”
“I love you,” Castiel whispered, kissing Dean’s temple.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay, so let’s call her.”
Sam rolled his eyes and started for the kitchen. “Coffee?”
“Suppose it could,” said Rowena, then held up her hands when Sam shot her a look. “But it’s not likely! Jack’s body used to hold something like grace. It can hold the spell.”
Dean was quiet, stewing, but shook his head. “Didn’t.”
“Good,” said Dean. His lips curled into a dark smile. “Get angry.” Castiel curled his fingers around Dean’s shirt, grinding him into the wall with his arm and scowling. Just when he was ready to give up and step away, Dean turned on his fight, sliding an arm between them and knocking Castiel backwards. Castiel blinked in shock at being bested but managed to stay on his feet. “Come on!” yelled Dean.
“You have my word if I have my freedom,” said Belial.
“Just after midnight. Twelve-seventeen in the morning,” he answered, rummaging through the fridge. “What would you like to eat?”
“Here,” said Rowena, and she directed him to what looked like a dentist’s chair.
Dean watched the mirror and imagined this must be what it was like to watch a star unravel in the grip of a black hole. The knot in his throat grew and descended into his stomach.
“Like Eileen?” interrupted Dean, lowering his brows. “I know you carried a torch for her.” Sam flinched, and Dean sighed. “Look—I’m sorry. I’m not trying to hurt you, Sam. I’m just—”
“In here,” Sam called back, and moments later Dean turned the corner, face pale. He struck immediately out for Castiel and pressed his palms to the angel’s cheeks.
“C’mon,” he said, pulling back and taking Castiel’s free hand. He started to step toward the bedroom, but Castiel resisted. Dean arched his brows.
“I just can’t lose you again, man,” said Dean, suddenly serious again. His fingers dug into Castiel’s back. “I’m barely keeping it together with the nightmares. I can’t—”
“I know you didn’t,” said Dean. He winked. “S’why I’m just gonna let you win this one.”
“I watched God leave this world myself,” said Dean. “Arm in arm with The Darkness—Amara.”
Without warning, Castiel’s hand was in Dean’s hair, his lips claiming Dean’s in a soft, but somehow burning kiss. His other arm snaked beneath Dean’s back and Castiel rolled so that he was on top of him, and the kiss turned breathy and bruising. It sent sparks shooting through Dean’s blood, and when he recovered from the shock, he slid a hand up Castiel’s back beneath his shirt, gripping skin with fingertips, gasping into the kiss.
“So you’re not mad?”
Castiel’s mouth fell open and he stared at Dean, then down at the ring in his palm, frozen. He sat this way for a long few moments, gaze alternating between the ring and Dean. Dean looked away and cleared his throat, and Castiel shook himself out of the shock. “Dean, you’re…are you asking if I’ll marry you?” he asked, voice low.
Dean smirked. “Well lucky for you then that this feeling is mutual. Because I just can’t wait to reclaim your whole body with a thousand million kisses until you beg me to stop. In fact, you know what? Why don’t we start with my mission right now? Unless of course you are still hungry, then-”
Castiel, though confused, didn’t ask any further questions but just got in the car too, feeling happy that their journey finally began.
When the moment came, they parted from each other with a heavy heart, sadness and excruciating pain seeping through every cell over Castiel’s body, making it almost impossible for him to leave Dean.
Castiel’s voice cracked, unsure whether he had gone too far, put too much effort into his surprise for just a ‘simple’ reunion with his lover. He still didn’t look up but instead played nervously around with the cloth in his hands when Dean’s hands unexpectedly enclosed his, asking in a very gentle, soft voice, “You truly did this just for me? Risked getting this expensive and absolutely beautiful skirt somehow damaged just to surprise me? Why? It would have completely sufficed if you had just been there when I arrived-”
“Yeah, you are probably right, Cas.” Dean smirked before he continued, “and hey why be content with just the mirror above the sink if we can watch each other in the tall mirror on the wall?” Dean winked at Castiel and stepped into the shower that was big enough for two.
“Oh fuck Cas, that… that feels so good… oh fuck, yes… yes…” Dean groaned and now let go of his right leg and instead began stroking his own dick, while still trying to keep the camera steady, trying to capture everything.
“Dean, yes please. I want you. Want you in me. Pleeease.” Castiel begged.
Castiel moaned and Dean opened his mouth to take in Castiel’s dick, while at the same time pressing another finger into him, starting to scissor him open and repeatedly brushing over his prostate. “Aaaah… Deeeean.” Castiel groaned as he fell apart under Dean’s torturous caresses. Dean bobbed his head up and down Castiel’s cock, slow and deliberate at first but always in tandem with his fingers that went in and out of Castiel’s body. As Castiel’s moans became more pleading, Dean quickened the pace and inserted another finger.
“Sure, but let’s get mine and Cas’ stuff first and then we can play. The night is approaching pretty quickly and I don’t have my flashlight with me to search for the Impala in total darkness.” Dean said, as he pulled his arm away and was about to walk on.
“You know I’m not one for chick-flick moments, so let me just say one more thing and I’m done. When I said ‘I love you’ at the beginning of our trip when we celebrated our reunion in that shitty motel, it really was just an accident, but you know what? It was a happy accident, because I really do love you and though I’m still not quite sure why you haven’t dumped me a long time ago, I’m grateful that you are here… with me…”
“But I didn’t even have breakfast, yet!” Castiel continued to whimper.
His ability to resist got tested, the longer Dean continued his little torture. And when Dean started to quicken the pace, Castiel, with the very last strain of composure, buried his fingers in Dean’s hair and with a slight tuck on it indicated to Dean to look at him. “Shit! Baby, you look so good. I… I wanna…”
“I’m sorry, but I thought you’d like to know that you left the keys in the door. I’ll just leave them on the table. Do you need anything?”
Dean smirked and said, “Listen, any other day I’d gladly make use of this opportunity, but I’m waiting for my boyfriend to arrive, so I’m really sorry, ok? He was supposed to come on the plane that landed 20 minutes ago, but he didn’t and now I’m worried and-“
“I’m only hungry for one thing, Dean; and that is to feel you. To feel you touching me. To feel you kissing me. To feel your tongue licking me at all the right places. To feel your wonderful lips around my dick again. To feel your fingers in me. But most of all, to feel your gorgeous big cock filling me up again and fucking me till I see nothing but stars. The shower was nice but I want so much more!”
“Do you like it my little angel?”
And all the while, Dean’s heart was beating fast, fast out of sorrow for losing his beloved one again very soon, fast out of joy that he still had this morning to touch, kiss, and caress Castiel, and it was beating fast out of fear, fear that something might happen that would prevent him from seeing Castiel ever again.
~~µ~~
When Dean arrived at the airport around noon, he was overjoyed to realize that he had actually succeeded in arriving much sooner then he thought he would.
Dean just smiled mischievously, helped Castiel to take his shirt off, before he wiped him clean with it, pulled up the panties, and fixed Castiel’s –luckily still clean- skirt. After that both of them walked back to their respective sides of the car, got in, and drove away.
Castiel looked stunned at Dean. “Wash it? Dean, do you have any idea how expensive and delicate the fabric of this skirt is? My dad bought it for Anna at a market place in Turkey and under no circumstances is this skirt to be washed in a washing machine or put into a dryer! The fabric was very expensive and everything on it is handmade. Every single embroidery and sequin was put on it within hours and hours of hard work. It has to be treated with a lot of caution when dirty.”
Dean smiled, and before he could reply in any way, Castiel had already sealed his lips with his own again, and all he could think of was how mutual that feeling was. Feeling all warm and fuzzy, Dean pressed their bodies even closer together and deepened their kiss, ignoring their whole surrounding, when he suddenly heard a very distinctive click.
Dean had generously lubed the vibro balls and after having pressed the first, the smallest one, inside Castiel, he let a second, a bigger one, follow suit, making Castiel shiver as he felt the two balls rolled against each other. Dean just smirked, and while holding on to the string of balls with his right hand, letting the next one circle around Castiel’s pucker, he slowly crawled up Castiel’s body until he was able to look into Castiel’s eyes again.
~~µ~~
Dean let Castiel enjoy his afterglow for a second before he released his softened cock with an obscene pop and slowly stood up again. With a smirk he asked, “so… was that ok? Because, although your explanation was impeccable, I’m not quite sure whether I used enoughhhh-“ Dean’s attempt of playing dumb was interrupted by Castiel smashing their lips together, intertwining their tongues, trying to show him just how much he had actually enjoyed it.
Castiel moaned as Dean started nibbling and kissing his neck. “Well, I guess then it’s a good thing you parked your car way out of anybody’s sight.”
"Cas, have you seen my sunglasses anywhere?”
Castiel took advantage of Dean’s confusion by swallowing down his entire cock in one fluid motion. The sensation Dean felt was overwhelming and almost made him come right on the spot. Dean’s eyes immediately fluttered shut and he bucked up, and his still not properly awoken brain went completely blank. Castiel didn’t give Dean any time to change that state, but instead immediately started bobbing his head up and down Dean’s length, his tongue sliding along the shaft. And so it didn’t take Dean long until he came long and hard down Castiel’s throat.
“No! We will do nothing of this kind, Gabriel! Stop this and go away!” Sam said, now angry too as he was the one who had to do most of the grocery shopping and all kinds of cleaning up around the bunker for the last couple of weeks. He needed a well-deserved break, too. Actually this trip was even meant to be for all three of them, but after an overdose of sick-Castiel and overprotective-Dean, the last thing he needed was to spend even more time with these two now no longer only eye-fucking muttonheads. This is also why, although he loved his brother and Castiel, he simply couldn’t wait to have them out of the bunker and thereby out of his daily life for two weeks. He simply wanted to relax and enjoy the feeling of not having to do any more of the irritating chores he had been doing subsidiary for Dean, who had been so very busy playing nurse for Castiel.
Dean whistled appreciatively. “Wow. Looks like you are full of surprises this time my little, cute, Castiel.”
Castiel smiled, and after putting a light kiss on Dean’s lips, he leaned even closer to Dean, who was now massaging and “cleaning” his dick with soft strokes, “I think the real question is, what did you do with Donnie and what are your plans with him right here, right now?” Castiel whispered, trying to suppress the moans of pleasure as Dean’s wrap around his dick became much firmer.
Luckily, Cas had done a lot of research on this particular field and when Sam now reminded him of it, he proudly told Sam that he had memorized a whole variety of distractions for Dean just to let him forget he was actually on a plane several thousands feet above the ground or more precisely mostly above the sea. But before Cas could elaborate any further on this, Sam cut him off and told him that this was definitely already too much unwanted information and he didn’t want to hear any more about it. Otherwise this would definitely end up with him having way to many mental images of the two of them doing unholy things high above in the sky on an airplane. And he was neither willing nor had any spare time to find a spell or something similar just to scrape away all these images out of his mind.
He filmed Dean panting, moaning, and cursing beneath him for a while, before he finally let the camera move very slowly downwards Dean’s body. “Baby, you have no idea how hot you look right now,” away from Dean’s face, “your desperation makes you so beautiful,” along his upper body, “and the way your nipples are erect from arousal,” down to Dean jerking himself off and slowly brushing it away. “No, no, no, my dear. You don’t get to touch yourself. I want you to come on my cock or not at all.”
When Castiel arrived at the area just below Dean’s ear, Dean leaned over towards Castiel’s ear and whispered, “I want to touch you. I want to suck you. I want-,” a flicker of Castiel’s tongue below Dean’s ear, “I want to taste you.” Dean said, almost unable to think and feel anything else besides pure lust.
“Please, haven’t you punished me enough? Please, I...” Castiel’s begging was cut off as Dean crushed their mouths together, silencing him with a long, deep kiss, while stroking him more fervently. The kiss was messy, their tongues tangled and battled, though Dean overcame, and only a few moments later a million stars burst behind Castiel’s eyelids as he came with a long muffled cry, spilling hot release all over his own shirt and Dean’s fist.
“I… eh…” Castiel said shyly and stopped mid-action, unsure of what to do next. Then he straightened up and walked over to the bed. He put his left foot between Dean’s thighs and asked, “Dean, could you… uh…”
When Dean pulled away again, he let his gaze linger on Castiel’s lips while tenderly letting his fingers trace over them and finishing his sentence by continuing in a soft-spoken voice, “and I guess the only question that remains is,” Dean hesitated for a second before he looked directly into Castiel’s eyes and with a passionate voice continued, “how and what the hell did you do to me this morning?”
~~µ~~
“You know the funny thing is that we weren’t really alone, you were kinda with us the whole time.” Castiel said with a smile.
“Yes, baby. Just like that.” Castiel kept telling Dean, while he continued thrusting into the new wonderful tightness, until he too couldn’t hold it back any longer and was filling Dean’s grotto with his seed.
“Help you open them? Sure I can.” Dean said as he opened the first clasp and started caressing Castiel’s foot and leg in the process. He put the shoe on the floor and let the leg down slowly.
Castiel, though still feeling unsure about the whole thing, agreed eventually and actually tried to think about all the advantages of having such a video.
“Well, I hope you think the same about this.” Dean said, as he now took in the whole length of Castiel’s cock into his mouth and started bobbing his head in a rapid manner.
“I know.” Castiel purred into Dean’s ear, before he put soft kisses on his lips and neck. Castiel began moving lower to suck on his boyfriend’s nipples, his fingers meanwhile trailing softly over his arms and sides, caressing all of Dean’s upper body and arms they could reach. Castiel’s mouth now wandered even further down, moved over Dean’s abdomen, until he reached his lover’s cock. Then, he pressed Dean’s knees apart and knelt between them.
“Thanks.” Castiel whispered, still a bit insecure.
~~µ~~
“Yes Dean, they are in the library on the third shelf on the left side, just on top of the book about Romanian vampires.” Cas smiled a wide grin and just couldn’t bring himself to stop doing so. The day had finally come. The day of them going on vacation. He had been a very well-behaved patient and listened to everything Dean had asked of him just to get well again in due time, and he did. Now he was more than eager to show Dean all the beautiful places he knew existed all over Europe and were only known –if at all- to a very selected circle of human beings, but well-known to all angelic ones.
“Deeeeaan” Castiel whined and began to wobble a bit. Dean smirked and opened his thighs a fraction, just enough to let Castiel move his foot on the floor again. He pulled Castiel closer now and began to kiss him.
But getting angry wouldn’t help Castiel right now. Instead he put the heavily laden tray down on the floor, sat down on the bed beside Castiel, and tried to wake him up by ruffling his already messed up hair and softly whispering his name. Dean felt even worse for Cas when he lightly brushed over Cas’ forehead and realized that now he also had a fever.
“That, baby, was fucking awesome. Thank you!” Dean said into the hollow of Castiel’s throat.
Dean wanted to pay back Cas for the special treatment that morning, but in a good way. He remembered how good it felt so he wanted to reward Cas for that and show his appreciation. After Dean got ready, he started licking over the head of Castiel’s cock and then the whole length in an excruciatingly slow manner, letting his tongue work its cooling magic by sliding fluidly across the hardened flesh underneath it.
Dean sat in the entrance hall, waiting for Castiel’s flight to leave, when he suddenly heard a voice calling, “Dean? Dean Winchester? Is that you?”
“Dean, what did you buy?”
“Fuck!” Dean cursed.
“Aaah… Deeeean. Please, pleeease just fuck me already.”
“It feels wonderful to kiss them, to suck on her nipples, but most of all, it feels just great to touch them while-“ Castiel panted, as Dean pushed the fourth ball inside him and thereby making one of the balls already inside him brush over his prostate.
Gently, Dean turned Castiel around, still letting him rest against his chest. He poured some shower gel into his palm, and soaped Castiel’s lower body one last time before rinsing it. When he was done, Castiel had almost fallen asleep due to the warm water and soft touches on him. Dean smiled, reached for their towels, and after he rubbed Castiel dry, he dressed him into a new pair of boxers and some PJ-pants, and sat him down on a bench for a minute. After he rubbed himself dry properly and got dressed, he put all of their stuff inside their biggest towel, knotted it, pressed it into Castiel’s hands, took Castiel into his own one’s and carried him back to their sleeping accommodation.
“Hey easy there, Dean-o!  I don’t want you to spill my drink! It is a rather delicious one and also very difficult to mix!” Gabriel said nonchalant, magically disappearing from where he was standing just a second ago at the bottom of the stairs and reappearing at the top of them.
“Ok, enough is enough! That definitely counts as harassment of my ears and mental image I really didn’t need to have! I’ll wait in the car!” Sam grimaced, shook his head and almost ran up the stairs to the door of the bunker just to escape any given chance Castiel would continue talking dirty to Dean and thereby give him some further mental images he would have nightmares about.
“I… I…” Castiel moaned, as Dean’s strokes now became harder. “I lay her down on the bed, and I started to go down on her-“
“I don’t know, Dean,” Castiel said uncertain, “what about all the ways these copies could end up in the wrong hands?” Castiel asked, still wary.
When Dean tried to reach for the lube that was supposed to be on the nightstand but couldn’t find it, Castiel switched on the neon light just above their bed, bathing the whole room into a warm, semi-bright light. Now both could see that the lube was actually farther away from them on the table nearby, so Castiel got up to get it.
“Cheers to that.” Dean said, and gulped his glass down.
“But Dean, my tea is not done yet!” Castiel said whiningly.
“No! I’m fine! So…what do we need?” *atchoo* Another sneeze left Cas’ all too human form while he was standing next to the fridge and tried –unsuccessfully- to make notes on his notepad.
“As you wish, Cas.” Dean said and began to move faster now and thereby also increased the pace in which Castiel’s cock that was trapped between their bodies was being rubbed. Dean looked into his lover’s eyes and the beautiful sight of his pupils being dilated so much that he almost looked like he had black eyes spurred Dean on even more and made him realize just how much he cared for Castiel. Waves and waves of happiness and thankfulness for having found such a wonderful person washed over him.
“Yeah that’s probably true, but I still don’t understand where I-“
~~µ~~
“No, Dean. It’s okay I can behave. I won’t move, I promise. It’s just… please… I missed you so much and I need you. I need you so bad!” Castiel said as he lay down flat on the bed again, admiring Dean’s body.
When he turned around to face Castiel again, he wasn’t surprised to see that Castiel had already taken all his clothes off, “My, my, someone’s impatient,” Dean said with a wide grin before he stepped closer to Castiel, quickly stripping out of his shirt, pants, and underwear, too.
Dean groaned whiny, and replied panting, “then stop talking, damn it!! Go faster, Cas!”
“Oh, but I don’t want to take photos of that, or at least not yet, I want to make numerous pictures of you and make a book out of it, so I have the perfect collection of jerk-off material for the time when we are seperated again.”
After having stopped a few times on their remaining journey, including another night in some crappy motel, Dean and Castiel finally arrived at the festival area, and thereby also the huge castle, around 9 p.m. After they both registered, Dean parked his car, and the two of them walked over to the huge gate of the castle, looking for a place where they could sleep.
“You like that, Dean?”
“Yeah, I get that, but why don’t you just toss it on the pile with the rest of our laundry, then we can wash it in a Laundromat at some point.”
Maybe some lovebirds would find their way by car and once they saw Dean fucking Castiel, they would park a little farther away and turned on by the sight, they would use the incentive to get it going, too. Or maybe some nice girl would lose her way and accidentally end up at this clearing, and maybe she’d be interested to join them.
After a while Castiel came up, brushed Dean’s hand away, and started stroking Dean’s cock himself, until Dean, a bit out of breath, said, “Castiel wait a second. I don’t think I can keep the camera steady anymore. I think I have to put it down for a while.”
He just couldn’t decide whether he wanted to give Castiel a hand job or park somewhere, anywhere in the current surrounding wasteland, to throw him on the rear bench seat and fuck him or even better, get out of the car, instantly bend him over the hood and fuck him nice and hard against it.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” Castiel said, letting his index finger slip inside too, moving both of them now to stimulate and prepare him while simultaneously massaging the skin around Dean’s hole with his thumb. Very quickly he added a third finger, trying to stretch Dean even faster now, desperate to finally be able to fuck Dean again.
“You are welcome, Dean.” Castiel smiled, turning his head sideways to put a kiss on Dean’s head.
When they finally managed to find the Impala, Dean grabbed all their bags from the backseat, then opened the trunk, took the rest, gave some to Donnie and asked, “So, Donnie, tell me what do you do for a living?”
“Yes. You. Dean, I want you.” Castiel answered, his breathing erratic now.
He dragged Castiel towards the sofa that stood near the Jacuzzi and sat down, leaning against the back, having Castiel straddle his thighs. He grabbed the lube and after he whispered, “Just hold on to the back of the sofa, ok?” to Castiel, he quickly poured lube into his hands, and while he wrapped one hand around both their cocks and started stroking them in tandem, he used the other one, or rather its lubed fingers, to first just brush against Castiel’s entrance before ultimately penetrating him repeatedly with several of them.
But Castiel didn’t get the chance to ask any questions out loud as he suddenly felt Dean’s hand lifting the panties around his butt area and heard the fabric being cut open. “E voila,” Dean said with a bright smile, and put away the pocketknife. “Now everything is perfect.” And without any moment of hesitation, he quickly lifted Castiel’s ass up and through the hole in the panties he buried himself deep inside Castiel’s wet, hot orifice.
Dean pulled away from Castiel’s mouth and instead just looked at him, enjoying the blissed-out look on Castiel’s face, stroking him just a little longer before letting Castiel enjoy the hazy afterglow.
“Hey Dean, how about you grab your second duffle from the car and then come and join me in the shower?” Castiel said, standing in the doorframe of the bathroom.
“But I still haven’t done the dishes and I’ve already missed my turn the whole week!” Castiel said, now definitely sounding weary and looking completely dead on his feet.
After they came out of the shower, they both got dressed and as neither of them had eaten much that day, they went out to a small diner they had seen on their short drive from the airport. They both had burger and fries and apple pie for dessert. Everything went fine until the moment Castiel saw Dean eating his slice of pie. The joy on Dean’s face as he ate what he called ‘one of the best apple pies I have ever tasted,’ and the way his mouth closed around the fork, pushing it down and into his mouth… it send a shiver through Castiel’s groin.
didn’t come. But, are you sure you wouldn’t enjoy my company just as much?” The person said while stepping closer to Dean.
“May I?” Castiel asked, and Dean’s eyes immediately snapped back to Castiel’s eyes.
Although Donnie enjoyed kissing Dean, he much more preferred touching him and being touched by him. So that’s what he did. He started to caress every piece of Dean’s upper body that he could reach when he suddenly felt someone, Castiel, pressed against his back, joining Dean in kissing and touching his body. After a while he heard lube being squeezed out of a bottle, and while Dean alternated between licking, gently biting, and sucking on Donnie’s nipples while simultaneously keeping his ass cheeks parted, Castiel started to circle Donnie's entrance with lubed fingers before he pressed one of them in.
At first, just Castiel’s lips slid over Dean’s cock, ”Fuck!” Dean huffed out. Only seconds later Castiel’s whole mouth molded around it. “Oh, Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.” Dean cursed, getting more insecure about his stamina the longer Castiel swirled his tongue over his dick and was bobbing his head, and when he once again felt his cock hit the back of Castiel’s throat and Castiel started to hum, Dean almost lost it.
“Room service.”
And in point of fact, after one final fuck in the shower, both of them were out of the room within the next 40 Minutes. And after a rather light breakfast, Castiel paid the motel bill while Dean disappeared for 10 minutes. When Dean came back he had a small shopping bag in his hand, which he quickly stuffed into his duffle in the leg area behind Castiel’s seat.
“Why? Well, let me see… I called you at least a thousand times and you never came! We needed you! Cas needed you!” Dean practically screamed at Gabriel at this point.
“Yes. Actually there are: That was great and I’d really like to repeat it. But now,” Castiel said, taking the camera away from Dean and now focusing it on the both of them, “I’d really like to just cuddle with you and let you take a nap. You’ve been driving for quite a long time today and I’m pretty sure you must be exhausted from it. Therefore we unfortunately have to end this little video right now,” Castiel said, before he switched to photo-mode, “but not without taking one last picture,” and took said picture, before he finally switched it off completely, and laid it down on the nightstand.
As did Dean and Donnie; just as they were about to pass the room with the pool table in, Donnie saw that it was completely empty and therefore grabbed Dean’s arm, making him stop. “Hey Dean, do you fancy a round of pool?” He asked with a wide grin, nodding his head towards the inside of the room.
Another stroke of Dean’s hand, “And you think that you didn’t deserve being treated like this?”
Dean didn’t mind playing the bottom from time to time, but usually he was the one in control and therefore mostly the fucker and not the fuckee. But today was a special day and he wanted to make their last night memorable, not only because of the tape they intended to make, but most of all, because for him, Dean Winchester, the most beautiful gift and cause for happiness was when he could make other people, and especially Castiel, happy. So of course he would let Castiel fuck him this one time, it’s not like Castiel had complained even once during their whole trip about all the things Dean put him through.
His train of thoughts got interrupted when Castiel moved away from a particular spot on his neck and over to his ear to whisper, “Now you are marked up, too! Now everybody will now that you are mine.”
“Put the backpack on the ground, and then take your hands behind your back to keep your balance.” Dean ordered.
“Cas,” Dean swallowed hard.
Castiel let his gaze wander and now admired the completely tousled hair, remembering that Dean didn’t even bother to own a hairbrush, because in his own words he “only had to run his fingers through them a few times and they were perfect.” Castiel’s eyes lingered on Dean’s absolutely soft, lusty lips, before he admired his strong arms, remembering all the times Dean had manhandled him.
After a short while, Donnie could feel Dean pulse inside him when he emptied himself into the condom, and it only took a few more strokes over his own dick, and Donnie too felt completely blissed out. After Dean got rid of the condom, he gave Donnie one last kiss before he took Castiel’s hand and dragged him into one of the shower cabinets at the opposite wall. Donnie meanwhile gave his –now soft- member one last soaping and rinsing before he headed out of the shower room and towards the dancing hall.
But instead of sitting in the elevated Jacuzzi, Castiel was leaning on the railing, filming himself making a speech into the camera. “What are you doing, Cas?” Dean asked.
Castiel just smiled.
“Oh wow, our vacation together is almost over, Dean. It’s such a pity. I don’t want to leave you. Not least because then it’s back to just phone and Skype calls from time to time.”
Cas blushed. “I… um...” Cas stuttered while stepping closer to the skirt, palpating it, and when realizing it was dry, taking it down. Insecure he folded the small piece of cloth, held it firm with his hands, and while still only focusing on it he spoke shyly, “I just wanted to look nice for you, Dean. Anna only wears this skirt when she is having very important dates with someone, the kind of dates that are special occasions, like for example when she went on a mini holiday in Paris or when one of the guys actually proposed to her.
“Bless you! Cas, you should really stay in bed!”
When the festival ended, Dean and Castiel said goodbye to all their new friends, and especially Donnie promised to visit Dean at some point during summer. When Castiel and Dean left the festival area, dusk had already fallen, but luckily their motel for the night was only a short drive away. And after having spent the whole next day and night on the road, including sleeping in the Impala somewhere along the road, they were driving towards their last stop before Castiel had to fly back the following day.
Castiel took a deep breath. “No, that was…” He couldn’t find the proper words so he instead just hauled Dean in for a kiss and said, “Thank you Dean. If that’s your way of punishing me, I just can’t wait for the next round.”
Castiel now began alternating between swallowing the cock whole, just the tip, while jerking him off in accordance with the bobbing of his head, and licking along the whole length of Dean’s dick and sucking and licking on his balls.
Castiel, still very confused, looked a couple of times between the box in his hand and the skirt in Dean’s before he finally looked up to Dean’s face again, now completely lost. “Dean, I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
Dean stepped closer to Castiel again, turned him around so he was facing him now, and forced both his hands back on the car. “So you think,” Dean put one hand back on Castiel’s dick and the other one on the car for balance, “that I shouldn’t have stopped?” Dean asked while slowly beginning to stroke Castiel again.
And so Castiel slowly walked over to Donnie, and started kissing him. But very quickly, Donnie took the condom out of Castiel’s hand, dropped to his knees, and started sucking Castiel off. It was even more wonderful than he’d imagined. Castiel’s cock was just perfect in size and shape, and although he had enjoyed Dean’s cock in his mouth, he realized that he much more preferred Castiel’s, as it was a bit shorter and thicker.
“Aaaah… Dean.”
“Please. Just one round, and once we are back the loser is free to get a rematch, deal?”
Castiel smirked and replied, “Your wish is my command.” After that he slowly moved his whole body to Dean’s left side on the bed and therefore farther away from the camera, while continuing to kiss along Dean’s jawline and neck. Dean immediately forced Castiel’s legs apart and began stroking his length.
Dean sighed, got up, and walked into the bathroom. There he saw that the skirt Castiel had been wearing the day before, was now hanging in the shower. “Cas?” Dean yelled into the bedroom. “Cas, why is your skirt hanging in the shower?”
Dean just smirked while Castiel was completely in shock and felt embarrassed. “No, we are fine. Thank you.” Dean yelled through the half-shut door.
Dean and Castiel chose the two showers on the far right side, while Donnie chose the one farthest on the left. Luckily, once they got under their respective shower heads, the only two other guys that were with them in the shower, left. After having spent a few minutes below the blissful cleansing water sprays, Dean grabbed Castiel by the arm and pulled him closer to himself and thereby under his own shower.
Dean just grinned. “You know, I’m much more interested to know where you learned that little trick with the mints?!”
“I’m going to take a shower now, so should you. If you feel like joining me, feel free to do so. But I also won’t get mad if you want to enjoy lying in bed for a little bit longer, just don’t fall asleep because otherwise I’ll definitely wake you up, and not in a fun way. Because I’m definitely not going to lie next to you as long as your body is still covered with my cum. I won’t take long. Oh, and… I love you.” Castiel said before he put another kiss on Dean’s lips and left for the bathroom.
Dean smiled and gave Castiel a peck on the lips, “so?”
Dean pulled off Castiel’s dick and quickly coated his own one with lube before he pulled Castiel’s legs over his shoulders and took a last glance into Castiel’s pleading eyes before he slid right into him. He gave Castiel a second to adjust before he slowly bottomed out, only to move in again seconds later.
~~µ~~
“Oh come on! Just one round, then we can go.”
Back at the festival area, they lay down in their sleeping bags, and tried to get a few more hours of sleep. And when Dean gave back the keys to the motorcycle the next day, he thanked the owner in the most pleasurable way he could think of, by sucking his brains out through his dick. After that, Dean and Castiel roamed the festival area, enjoyed the music, and tried to find suitable usages for every last condom in Dean’s duffle.
Castiel immediately obeyed and added a third finger, trying to work him open as quickly as he could.
“You know this is absolutely my favorite sight of them all, seeing you completely fucked out. This blissed out look on your face is just… priceless!” Dean said, before he pulled a camera from seemingly out of nowhere and quickly took a picture of Castiel.
“But Deeeaaan…”
“Now, where were we? Oh yes, right. I wanted to fuck you against the sink, so we can both watch each other’s expressions in the reflection of the mirror.” Dean said against Castiel’s neck as he started kissing him again.
Dean didn’t give him the chance to finish his sentence, but instead just kissed him silent, and in the end that was all Castiel needed as an answer. This time they were more successful, though it didn’t last for very long and Castiel leaned away again.
Castiel smirked, “Yeah, I know it feels good, but I’m pretty sure it feels much better if I straddle you back in the Jacuzzi because,” and Dean could now feel Castiel trembling slightly above him, “to be honest, I’m actually feeling cold. Can we please go back?” Castiel asked a little whiny.
“I don’t know.” Dean said hesitantly. Of course he would have liked to see this guy bend over the pool table, but he also knew that this would probably end with him enjoying the moment too much and keep playing till the middle of the night if no one else came to play pool. And then they would practically have to stumble through total darkness just to find their car, or otherwise Cas and he would have to sleep without sleeping bags but in their clothes on the floor, not that he would mind but he didn’t want to put Castiel through it. Not to mention that he would probably fuck this guy in this very room sooner or later if they were to remain alone.
Instantly Dean’s cock stiffened. It’s true, he had already imagined just that and even more as soon as he had seen him for the very first time, so of course it was just a matter of timing. He thought for a second, evaluating the situation, then brushed away Donnie’s hand, reached for two cues, pressed one into Donnie’s hand, and said, “Ok. One game. Winner decides the price, and you better make it quick because I just can’t wait to have that gorgeous mouth of yours wrapped around my dick.”
As Dean had arrived early and he knew that the two of them were probably going to ravish each other as soon as they arrived back at the car, hell, maybe even sooner because they had missed each other so much, he went straight to the men’s room to clean his pipe. He was so looking forward to see Castiel again that the last thing he needed was to come right on the spot as soon as Castiel merely did more than just touch or kiss him.
“Dean, can’t you just turn around and take pictures of the sight in front of us? I’m sure there’s plenty of memorable photo worthy things to see.”
The second day was not short of interesting pickups either and eventually Castiel even showed Dean where he and Amelia had been successfully hiding from the rest of the festival attendees. It was a small room in a very secluded part of the castle with a massive bed in it, reachable only by climbing a lot of stairs. But the climb was definitely worth it, not only because of the amazing view over the whole festival area, but mostly because due to the room’s high location there was almost no chance of anyone disturbing them there.
Sleepy, Dean opened his eyes and was immediately greeted by the sight of Castiel kneeling between his thighs, licking his dick while simultaneously massaging his balls, and looking up to him with those baby blue eyes that were half-lidded with desire. “What the fuck?” Dean thought as he realized that the ice-cold licks were real and not a dream. “Cas, whaaaaa-“ was all Dean could say when Castiel blew a stream of air against the head of his dick, making him moan instead.
Dean thought for a second, then looked around the empty street, and was overjoyed when he saw a street sign, telling him that the next city was miles and miles away. “Ok, deal.” Dean said. And while steering the wheel with one hand, he reached for his duffle with the other one. He opened it, pulled out the shopping bag, and dropped it in Castiel’s lap.
“Oh Dean, I just know you would enjoy fucking her, just as I did. To squeeze her heavy breasts as they rock back and forth with every push into her innermost, to feel her nipples below your fingertips as they stiffen, to feel her warm inside wrapped around your dick, to rub your fingers against her clit while fucking her, feel her insides tremble around your cock as she comes, it’s just-“ Castiel heaved a long moaning sigh as his body accepted the last, the biggest, of the balls.
Drowsy Cas opened his eyes and when he tried to say more than Dean’s name, Dean soothed him by caressing his left cheek, indicating to say no more. All too tired and dizzy and feeling like his whole body was on fire, he willingly let himself get lifted up a bit in order to take the pills Dean gave him, and after having swallowed all of them down with a sip of –blessedly cold- water, he just as willingly let Dean put him down on the soft pillow again.
Cas definitely had to find a way to reward Dean for his admirable willpower to not give in into temptation. And knowing he would have the upcoming two weeks to take Dean not only in all possible ways imaginable but also in front of some of the most beautiful hidden gems of nature, heightened his mood even more. He smiled, took a deep breath, and kissed Dean enthusiastically and full of anticipation of all the things yet to come.
Feeling Dean filling him up and seeing the pleasure on Dean’s face as he did so, Castiel came only seconds later. They both remained still for a few moments, enjoying their shared afterglow before Dean slid out of Castiel and with a smile turned Castiel around to kiss him long and passionately.
“Open your eyes, Cas. I want see you come! I’ve had to do without looking into your beautifully dilated eyes for far too long. Now I want to take it all in. Come on, look me in the eyes and just let go. Come on, Cas. Come. Come for me.“ Dean said, as he drew away from Castiel’s mouth and pressed their foreheads together.
Dean poured some shower gel into his hand and began soaping Castiel’s whole body, holding him close and looking over his shoulder directly at Donnie while whispering into his ear, “So tell me, how did it go with Amelia? Where have you been and what did you do?”
This wasn’t about fucking Castiel through the mattress just so both of them could have a good orgasm. And this wasn’t about finding their release as quickly as possible. And this wasn’t about the fact that he felt the urge to fill up Castiel’s hole with his cum so he could feel like he had marked and reclaimed Castiel not just from the outside but also from the inside.
The next morning Dean woke up before Castiel did, which in itself was strange enough because it usually was the other way around. But Dean knew why he was already
Castiel was overwhelmed by the sensation he felt now, and judging from Dean’s facial expression and the erratic movements he made, he must have felt the same way. Castiel only had a second to think about the fact that after all he’s been through in the past few minutes, -hours? He had no idea; he had completely lost any track of time-, these panties were definitely going to end up in the trash, when his orgasm already ripped through his whole body, making his ass clench around Dean’s dick and spurting his cum once more inside the tight panties he was wearing.
“Well, in her fantasy that also included to come up here with the two of us at some point to have a threesome with us.” Castiel said, waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
Dean stepped closer to the Jacuzzi and Castiel, who had been leaning against the opposite side of it and now leaned over the edge, wrapped his hands around Dean’s waist and gave him a peck on his abdomen. “I see you’ve already taken care of most of your clothes, but I’m afraid you’ve forgotten something,” Castiel said, as he dug his fingers inside Dean’s waistband and slowly shoved the shorts over his ass and down his legs until they fell to the floor.
Castiel released Dean’s cock with an obscene pop, pulled up Dean’s boxer shorts again, and then crawled back beside Dean. “Good morning, sleepyhead.” Castiel said with a bright smile, as he rested on one elbow and looked at Dean’s relaxed features.
“Each ball inside you actually consists of two, whereby the inner one has enough play within the outer shell to rattle around inside and that rattle is heavy enough for you to be felt. Therefore they are completely self-pleasuring as they continue to vibrate with each,” a mutual sway of their hips, “and every single movement of your body,” another sway of their hips. “And even the slightest tremble,” Castiel moaned, “will activate exquisitely silent vibrations that never require batteries.”
Anyway, I hope you're all doing well. I'm also writing a Stucky fic, so I will be alternating between this one and that one. Chapters will most likely still be posted sporadically but hopefully nothing too serious. I'm so sorry. To all of you. I love you. Thank you.
Six Years Later
Suddenly, Cas came with a shout. His cock pulsed in Dean's mouth as his come slid down his throat; Dean moaned in succession, which only caused Cas to release every last drop into his lovers mouth. Once his dick softened, Dean sat up, his lips swollen and glistening with spit and come, his cheeks flushed. Cas looked at him utterly spent and satisfied. "Dean..." His voice was the lowest Dean had ever heard, his eyes lust blown. Dean nearly came at the sight of him. "Dean, that was quite honestly the best blowjob I've ever had." Cas leaned in and kissed him, moaning softly as his taste intermingled with Dean's taste hit his taste buds.
Dean licked his lips, "please Cas..." he moaned, struggling to move against Cas with his good leg "Please. I need you to move.... Feels so good..." Cas eyed Dean's look of desperation, gripped his hips tigher and pulled out slowly, only to pound into Dean's prostate hard, deep and fast. Dean moaned and swore obscenities with each fresh assault on the sensitive bundle of nerves deep inside him, his leg wrapped around Cas's waist. "Cas... I'm gonna..." Cas pushed deeper, thrusted harder "Come for me, Dean."
Dean bobbed his head back up, slurping down the combined saliva and precome in a way he knew drove Cas crazy. In one, long, quick movement he once again swirled his tongue around the head, prodding the slit with the tip of his tongue, which earned him a filthy moan from Cas, and bobbed his head all the way back down, his tongue rubbing against the thick, protruding vein on the underside of Cas's cock this time. “God, that feels so good Dean,” Dean then swallowed again, his throat muscles contracting around Castiel’s cock phenomenally. “Oh, that’s good. Oh… God, that’s delicious.” Cas groaned. Dean suddenly realized they were no longer moving. Cas must have pulled over somewhere.
Cas was never one to shout, but he couldn’t help it. He just couldn’t handle the scene enfolding in front of him. He didn’t understand why they would require the help of the very person they were called in to aide and assist. The paramedic nodded once and on the count of three each paramedic raised Dean onto the stretcher. Castiel quickly grabbed Dean’s wallet, his wallet and his cell phone from the nightstand and followed them out of his apartment, not even bothering to lock his door behind him.
“Let’s celebrate.” Cas murmured, sealing the deal with a kiss.
Much love,
4.21.2021
“Dean!”
Prologue
Dean awoke suddenly to Cas sitting on his knees next to him, struggling to keep him from thrashing and punching. Grace sat next to his other side, on the floor, her head resting next to him on the mattress. She couldn’t respond as he was fighting so hard. All she could do was wait it out and help calm him down when she was able to.
Tessa gave Cas a set of warm blankets and a pillow and bid them goodnight. Castiel pulled up a chair to Dean’s bedside, wrapped a warm blanket around his slightly cold body and finally allowed tears to flow. “Dean…” He whispered gently, tears blinding his vision. “I promise you I will take care of you. Always.” He murmured softly, kissing Dean’s forehead gently and laying his head on the mattress. Without realization, Castiel soon fell asleep, Dean’s hand in his.
“Well, yesterday I could tell you were lonely. I could see pain and desperation for friendship in your eyes.” Cas explained. He smiled and looked down, blushing. “My mother calls me an empath. She says I have a way of reading even the most complicated people.” He picked up his own coffee and took a sip. “So, I wanted to offer you something more. Yesterday, I couldn’t ignore you. You stopped my heart the moment I laid eyes on you as I walked through the exam room’s door. There’s something about you…” He looked away from Dean’s gaze, obviously embarrassed. “I should’ve taken into account you probably don’t lean in my direction. Correct?” Castiel’s utter look of defeat broke Dean’s heart.
Once they both came down from their highs, Cas pulled out, rolled the condom off carefully and got out of bed. Dean could hear water at the sink and Castiel returned with a warm rag. Once he and Dean were both cleaned up, Cas hurries to the kitchen and came back with two glasses of orange juice. "What's this for?" Dean asked, clearly confused. Cas sat next to him, pulling the blankets back. "You didn't realize it but you entered a subspace. When you submitted to my demands, and when you came, your endorphins released at a remarkably fast rate. You'll soon hit a low in blood sugar and endorphins. The juice will help prevent that from happening and keep you in a high until you unwind naturally." Dean nodded in understanding to Castiel's explanation and drank down the juice.
Suddenly, he felt Cas push a lubed finger against the tight ring of muscle. Dean wondered how he missed the snap of the lube bottle's lid, or the slicking noise of lube running against skin. Within seconds he didn't care as Cas slowly pushed his finger inside. Dean moaned as Castiel pushed his first digit in, Cas let out a groan of his own as he pushed a second finger in and curled them upward, searching for Dean's prostate.
"Wait," Dean stopped in his tracks "You said she'd have to stay overnight? You don't understand, she's my-" He couldn't tell him. He didn't want this beautiful man to know he was so broken he needed a dog to fix him. "She's my best friend," Dean continued "I can't leave her here." Castiel offered yet another warm smile "I can assure you, Dean... nothing will happen to your precious girl. Not on my watch." He patted Dean on the shoulder before he turned his attention to his clerk "Alright, Meg. Please be so kind as to check him out, send home some paperwork for him to fill out and instruct him on when he should return it." With that, the Veterinarian turned for the back of the clinic when Dean stopped him, again. Wait," he bit his lip nervously before asking "how will I know if she's doing okay? I can't wait 12+ hours, sir."
Dean’s lungs began to burn. He didn’t want to take a break, but the truth of it was… he needed to breath if he wanted to keep blowing Cas's brains out. Literally and figuratively. Dean pulled back up and off, gasping loudly as air filled his lungs back up. Cas ran a hand through his hair, tangling his fingers in the short sandy brown locks. “God, Dean. You’re so incredible. You’re such a good boy to me. What did I do to deserve you.” Dean looked up at Cas from his lap, warmth spreading through his heart despite the fact that he had a massive cock bobbing in his face. “I think the roles are reversed Cas. Now shut up and let me suck your cock.” Cas pulled Dean’s hair painfully, causing Dean to hiss through his teeth slightly, the sting going straight to his own hard cock. “Don’t speak to me that way.” Cas's brow lifted, his lust filled gaze burning straight through Dean.
Hi everyone, I'm not sure if you guys will get this. But I decided to write an update here. Unfortunately... this story is being discontinued indefinitely. I hate that I have to do this, but I've lost passion for it. Not for writing, per-say. Just this particular story. I'll be deleting my second fic, and writing a new fic. Stucky this time.
Dean picked up his menu, opened it and began his decision. “So, what did you want to get together for?” Dean inquired after he made his decision on the cheeseburger and fries. Castiel cocked his head to the side like a bird and looked at him with confusion in his eyes “I thought I told you last night?” Dean didn’t respond, he couldn't tell him how drunk he was from both alcohol and his orgasm. He licked his lips and suddenly became preoccupied with his coffee.
Dean’s eyes squeezed shut, he bared his teeth and cried out, his back arching slightly. Grace immediately stood up and began going to Dean's aide when he cried out, Dean shook his head and Cas looked down at the canine. “Grace. Return to your place, lay down, head down. Stay" Cas had pointed to where he wanted her to return, his voice thick with authority, and the dog obeyed. If Dean wasn’t preoccupied, he would’ve chubbed up in his pants immediately at the air of dominance Castiel just displayed. Dean tended up even more, his back arching and his body fidgeting. Josie sighed softly, “Dean, I need to to relax your body, take a few deep breaths and calm down as much as you can.” Her voice was soft, gentle. Dean panted, nodding once as he struggled to do as told. A few seconds, or maybe minutes, hell it felt like an eternity passed, and finally the tubing was removed, and Josie quickly began cleaning and bandaging the wounded area. She unclipped the pump from Dean's waistband and set everything aside.
“We were at the park playing catch,” Dean began, taking another sip from his fresh beer. “She stepped on this massive shard of glass. I rushed her to the Vet. Apparently the vet was Gabriel’s brother. Anyway, he ended up keeping her since he was closing or whatever.” Dean sighed, shaking his head. Sam had a horrified look on his face. “Dean!” Sam, shouted, clearly taken aback by how nonchalant Dean seemed while telling the story.
Dean hadn't realized they arrived at their destination, nor had he realized Cas parked and took his seatbelt off to better position himself. He was focused on Cas, the way he tasted, his perfect, huge cock in his mouth and the beautiful sounds he made... sounds that caused his own dick to twitch in response. He had Cas all the way down to the hilt nowpp and Cas began to make fast, little thrusts into his mouth. His breathing began to become erratic, his hand pulling on Dean's hair. "Dean... I'm close." Cas's body began to tense and Dean could feel his balls draw up against his chin. "Dean, baby. I'm gonna come." Dean didn't move, he just sucked harder and breathed through his nose.
“Dean, have you given yourself a bolus of your medicine?” Cas inquired. Dean looked at him, very clearly confused by his question. “What do you mean?” Castiel reached for something on Dean’s nightstand and handed it to Dean, “I figured you wouldn’t remember what the doctor explained to you before surgery yesterday. You were pretty out of it.” Cas explained, “Here, this button there delivers a small bolus of extra medicine through your catheter in your spine. Did you take any pain medicine yet?” Castiel eyed the bottle of Dilaudid he was pretty sure wasn’t there last night.
The voice grew louder, but he couldn’t find the source. Suddenly, he saw Emily somehow change into Grace. Her tail wagging, her tongue hanging out of her mouth. The Taliban screamed at him again and pressed their guns against his dog, who cowered in fear, body low to the ground, tail between her legs.
Dean sat in the waiting room of the doctors office, his back really starting to ache, the pump had run out of medication about one hour after he woke up. Just in time for the trial to end and the pump to be removed. Dean’s hands gripped both arm rests of his chair, his knuckles bright white from the intensity of his grasp. Grace laid under Dean and Cas's chairs in what was called a “tuck". It essentially keeps Grace out of the way and yet still able to be attentive to her handler if need be. Currently, however, the golden took this opportunity to take a quick snooze. There wasn’t much for her to do anyway, Dean wasn’t in immediate distress.
Rage filled Dean, then. He started pushing the blanket back and grabbed for his crutches before the doctor pushed him forcefully back against the bed. "NURSE!" the doctor yelled as Dean fought against him "Let me go! I'm getting my fucking dog!" Dean shouted, pushing the doctor away and once again trying to get out of bed. "NURSE! PROPOFOL!" The nurse immediately ran to Dean's bed with a syringe loaded with medication. The doctor quickly pushed it into Dean's IV and his body instantly went limp.
Cas put his car in drive and revved his engine as he sped off. Dean rolled his eyes and smirked, "You know... I'm already your boyfriend. You don't have to try to impress me." Cas chuckled, putting a hand on Dean's thigh, "On the contrary... I always have to impress you. I want to impress you." He made quick eye contact with Dean before looking back at the road.
After the tech triaged Grace, gathering only the essential information on a one page form on a clipboard; such as Dean's name, address and contact information, his dogs name, breed, age, reason for visit, she quickly explained the doctor would be in shortly and left the room, shutting the door behind her. Dean leaned against his elbows on the metal exam table, petting Grace gently and whispering sweet nothing's to her. Promising her he would never let her get hurt again; just as Dean was explaining how sorry he was, he heard three rapping knocks on the door and quickly straightened up as a man dressed in a nice pair of slacks, button up dark blue shirt, slate grey tie and white doctors coat with his name and the letters D.V.M. embroidered below the lapel, walked in with the same clipboard the tech had previously, and introduced himself; "Hello, I'm Doctor Castiel Novak. You must be Dean and Grace Winchester. What brings you in, today?"
Much Love,
“I'm sure you'll teach me everything. But I want you to dominate me, Castiel. I want you to hold me down, I want you to tie me up, gag me, fuck my mouth, edge me, I want to cum only when you let me cum. So, yeah, Cas. I want you to be my fucking Dom. Do you have a problem with that…. Sir?” Cas nearly sped through a stop sign and thus had to slam harshly on the breaks, swearing under his breath. Dean smirked, his eyes catching the semi in Cas's right Jeans pant leg. Dean reached over and massaged it, pressing down just enough pressure that had Cas hissing through his teeth and bucking up ever so slightly into his hand. “Fuck, Dean. Do you know what you’re doing to me? What you’re asking of me? I don't want to hurt you.” Cas bit his lip, his head tossing back against the seat and his eyes closing briefly. Just behind them, a car honks repeatedly, snapping Cas from his lust induced haze.
Castiel, looking aimlessly through a gossip magazine, sighed and closed the audaciously written article about whatever celebrity was wearing in the streets of LA whilst grocery shopping. Sighing, he tossed the magazine to the side table next to his chair and noticed Dean's stature. Worry immediately flushed Cas's senses. He gently touched Dean's shoulder, unsure if he was suffering from flashbacks or a pain flare, “Are you alright, Dean?” Cas's voice was at least one octave lower than it normally is, to spare the other patients in the waiting room from hearing in on their conversation.
Cas leaned forward and opened his drawer again. Dean could hear the sound of a little foil packet and the drawer closing as Cas leaned back on his knees, ripped open the foil and rolled the condom on his length. Dean reached down stroked his wet cock, rolling his hips up into his hand. Cas yanked his wrist away and pinned both hands above his head. "Don't you dare touch yourself." He murmured, holding Dean's arms securely above his head. "I want you to come only on my dick. Can you do that?" Dean nodded, his cock twitching at Cas's sudden domination.
Dean could tell Cas had put a lot of planning into this moment.
I hope you're all doing well. I think about you guys often and hope your dreams, ambitions and wishes come true everyday. You deserve all the happiness in the world.
I'm very sorry my updates are so awful as far as how often they're posted. My health truly has not been good. But I want to finish this story, for you guys, for myself, and for those who feel like there aren't enough fics surrounding this topic. I made a promise to you guys, and I intend to keep my promise.
Dean was just about to question Cas about getting them to the hospital when he heard knocks at his door. A woman with dark red hair stepped in, a white doctors coat falling down her torso. "Hello Mr. Winchester. My name is Dr. Josie Sands. Do you mind if I ask a few questions to further assess where you're at with RSD?" Dean look at Bobby, Ellen, Gabriel and Sam "Guys, could you give me and Cas time with the doc, here? Please?" Everyone quickly made their way out of the room, announcing they would be down in the cafeteria. When the door closed behind Sam, Cas took his place beside Dean and sat in the chair by his bed. The doctor stood in front of them and picked up his chart "So, I've been told you were in the service and acquired an amputation after an accident, correct?" Dean only nods, he hates doctors, especially after his time in Afghanistan. "And after that you got diagnosed with RSD due to your injuries... Dean, it seems like you are at the worst point of this disease. But that doesn't mean there's nothing we can do for you." Castiel looked at Dean, a lump forming in his throat. "What are you saying, Doc?" Dean inquired, looking her dead in the eye. "I'm saying..." Dr. Sands took a step forward and pulled a chair out to sit down. "Dean. The pain you're feeling now? It won't stop. If you dont manage it, it will continue to get worse. But, that doesn't mean nothing can be done. There's a therapy I wanted to run by you, it would be perfect to try the trial since you're here. If it works, then we can move on with surgery." She explained, leaning forward slightly, "Have you ever heard of an Intrathecal Pain Pump?" Dean looked at her, confused and slightly irritated "Look. I'm not a doctor, I dont know about all of this doctor crap. And I'm kind of drugged up. So could you please stop asking me questions like that and just tell me what your plans are?" Dean didn't mean to be a dick, but he's so tired of being at that stupid hospital, poked, prodded and woken up from sleep. He just wants to go home. Dr. Sands smiles gently and apologizes "So, pain pumps are little machines that go inside your body and pump steady doses of medicine into your cerebral spinal fluid. In your case, you seem to be answering to the Dilaudid quite well, so your pump would be delivering Dilaudid to help control your pain. Many RSD patients I have worked with experienced great relief from these pumps. If it sounds like something you want to try, we can get you started on the infusion trial as soon as today" Dr. Sands explained, crossing her legs and sitting back in the chair. "But the choice is yours. If it doesn't sound like something you want to try I can get you in touch with a fantastic Pain Specialist in Manhattan."
Dean and Cas walked through Cas's threshold, both toeing off their shoes. Dean swore he had never seen a more cozy apartment. The walls were painted a soft green, the floors a gorgeous wood. Wall to ceiling bookcases surrounded a fireplace, which Cas began to light, and a nice Persian rug laid in front of it. A reading chair sat in one corner in front of a bookcase, couches in front of the fire place. Cas's kitchen equipped with black marble countertops, beautiful appliances and adjustable dim lights complimented the area.
Castiel laid back down on his belly and opened his mouth, slid Dean's cock all the way down and swallowed around it in one, smooth, swift movement. Dean almost passed out from such intense pleasure and Castiel reached up to put two fingers in Dean's mouth. Dean closed his mouth around them and sucked, drooling as he rubbed the pads of Cas's fingertips with the flesh of his tongue. Castiel groaned around Dean's dick, gyrating his hips against the mattress. Castiel quickly removed his arm from Dean's pelvis so he could pull his own hard, aching, leaking cock from his sweat pants. His eyes fluttered shut when his dick sprung free and layed heavily between his warm body and the cool sheets, he removed his fingers out of Dean's mouth and pulled his mouth free from Dean's cock once more.
Hey guys.
Dean awoke early in the morning to the loud bustling of Manhattan. Grace, his Golden Retriever and Service Dog, arose from her spot next to him, jumped off of the queen sized bed and hurried to retrieve her masters prosthetic leg propped up at the foot of the bed.
“Dean!”
Slowly, Dean began his morning routine very painully. Once he had his prosthetic securely in place he limped out into their living room to see Sam running around erratically like a chicken with it’s head cut off.
Just then, the doctor came into his bay. "Lance Corporal Winchester, my name is Doctor Freely. I work in the trauma and ICU ward. Do you remember what happened?" The doctor quickly checked his chart as the nurse pushed pain medicine into his IV, hurrying off to get a bag of morphine for an IV drip. Dean shook his head slightly , memories slowly coming back to him. "I... I was patrolling a compound just outside the wire at Barioli Base. My MWD and I accidentally detonated an IED." The doctor nodded gravely "Good. Very good. Unfortunately... Mr. Winchester, I have some bad news." Dread's icy fingers grasped Dean's heart, he could feel his body grow cold. "You see, Dean. The way your leg was injured.. it was beyond repair." The doctor side, moving to look Dean in the eye "I'm afraid we had to amputate the limb from the knee down."
Cas took a deep breath through his nose and relaxed his throat, he opened his mouth slightly and slid down a little more. Dean felt his thick cock slide all the way down the wet, tight heat of Castiel's mouth and his hips involuntarily jerked ever so slightly "Oh my- fuck- Cas." Castiel put his arm across Dean's pelvis and pushed down gently to keep him still, a glare reached Dean's eyes and Castiel pulled back, letting his teeth graze against Dean's cock as punishment. Dean hissed at the harsh graze of teeth and Castiel sat up and leaned back on his heels, panting quietly. "Dean, if you move again I will stop. Don't. Move." Dean gaped at Castiel, who's lips were wet, red, swollen and deep blue eyes all fucked out; all he can do is nod reluctantly, his mind broken.
Alright. Well, that said... I'll bid you farewell. At least until I start uploading Project Reincarnation. Thank you all once again, for everything. You all mean so much to me. If I don't see you in the next story, I wish you all the best.
“Castiel,” Dean began. “Can I call you Cas?” Cas nodded his consent and Dean continued “I do lean your way.” He took a deep breath “For some reason, the moment I saw you, i had a hard time taking my eyes off you.” He laughed slightly, looked down and shook his head “It’s crazy, man. I mean, I’ve been with a few people and I’ve never felt like this about anyone before.” Cas slowly, hesitantly, reached over and placed his hand over Dean’s, drawing Dean’s eyes to his. “Tell me about yourself.” Just as Dean was about to speak, their waitress appeared to take their orders, Castiel quickly drew his hand away before she got to their table and opened his menu.
Today was the day.
Dean looked at the apparent brother of his dogs Veterinarian in disbelief “Okay, this is just way too trippy.” He muttered as he limped to the fridge, pulled out an ice cold beer, twisted the cap off and took a long swig all in one fluid motion.
That being said I will leave you to it. Enjoy.
“Dean. Let me take care of you. Please.” Cas murmured, reaching over to undo his fly. Dean grabbed his wrist, “No. It’s okay. Really.” He winced again, this time Cas noticed. “Dean. What’s wrong?” Dean took a deep, shaky breath and handed him the prescription. “How fast do you think you can get to the pharmacy?” Cas immediately put the car in drive and sped out of the shoulder into oncoming traffic. “Give me 10 minutes.” Dean did the math in his head, hang on… “Cas… the pharmacy is 30 minutes away from here.” Cas didn’t look at him. His jaw set, he looked as if he wanted to cry. But he also looked angry, with himself or with Dean, Dean wasn't sure. “Give me 10 minutes.” And with that, the car sped forward, the engine purring.
Once the elevator dinged and the doors slid opened, he pulled his keys out from his back pocket and walked three doors down to his and Sam's shared apartment. Unlocking the doors, he walked in and found Sam... on the couch... making out with some stranger under soft lamplight like two horny teenagers.
Shots rang out, he saw Grace fall to the desert ground.
"Dean, I'm going to get the lube and finger you while I suck your cock. I want you to continue staying still for me. You're doing so good, baby. Keep making me proud." Castiel quickly got up and hurried to his nightstand, pulled the small bottle of astroglide out and placed himself back between Dean's thighs. Dean heard the family click of the bottle open and Cas squirting a generous amount on the fingers he was just sucking on. Castiel spread the substance around on his fingers and tossed the bottle to the side. He leaned down and kissed Dean's amputated limb, his lips feather light and gentle. He pressed the pad of his finger against Dean's hole and circled the ring of muscle gently; when he pushed inside Dean sucked in a deep breath and let out a long, high pitched moan. Castiel quickly found he liked that sound the most and worked his damndest to hear it again.
An hour passed and, while Grace was jogging back to Dean, tongue hanging out as she panted heavily, she yelped loudly and stumbled to the ground. Dean immediately ran to his companions side. As his eyes scanned for any injury he noticed blood soaking the golden fur on her left paw. Upon further inspection, he noticed a massive shard of glass stuck in her paw and up into the back of her ankle, as blood slowly poured out of her paw. It looked as if it were hitting the bone.
“What’s this?” Dean looked at Cas suspiciously, “Cas, you really need to stop spoiling me.” Cas rolled his eyes as he sat on the cushioned chair next to Dean, “It’s nothing Dean, just open it. I figured you and Grace would both equally like it.” Dean sighed and rolled his eyes playfully. However, he couldn’t hide the smile on his face, no matter how hard he tried. He put the box on his lap and encouraged Grace to “help” rip the wrapping paper off, which was decorated with bones, dog toys, paw prints and leashes and collar sets. Once the paper was removed, Grace sat obediently in front of Dean, almost as if she wanted to see her present as much as Dean did.
Cas smirked and pushed his cock inside. Halfway in, he stopped and Dean whined. "Fuck... you're so tight, Dean." And he was. The tight warmth nearly caused Cas to topple over the edge right then and there. Cas took a few deep breaths and slid in the rest of the way. Once he bottomed out Dean moaned loudly. Leg propped up, Dean attempted to angle Cas towards his prostate but Cas quickly caught on. He gripped Dean's hips firmly and pulled back, only to thrust in sharply.
Okay guys, the moment you've all been waiting for... Dean and Castiel's first time.
“Hello, Mr. Winchester, This is Dr. Novak from Greenwich Animal Hospital. I’m calling in regards to Grace.” Dean’s heart began to race, his thoughts jumbling into a million different directions “Is everything okay?” Dean asked, a little too quickly.
Yes, Dean wanted this man more than he wanted anyone, or anything, in his entire life. He could feel fire pooling in his belly, arching his back he thrust his hips up into his fist as his fingers slammed into his prostate. Suddenly, Dean’s vision went dark, consumed by stars as come painted his stomach and chest, his ass tightening around his fingers, his teeth biting on his lower lip in order to keep quiet as he fucked himself through his orgasm.
Castiel sighed and sat down in his chair next to Dean's bed. His back, neck and shoulders ached from the way he slept last night but he ignored the uncomfortable feeling and focused his energy on Dean, who was beginning to feel the warmth of the drug flow through his body from his scalp to his toes. His green eyes grew glassy and his pupils dilated. Cas sighed and looked at Dean, his hand rubbing his forearm gently "Dean?" Dean rolled his head around groggily to look at Castiel "I have to step out for a few minutes. I need to make a quick phone call to the clinic, let them know I won't be in for a few days. You go ahead and rest okay?" Dean nodded sleepily. The drug he is given is very potent and very easy to be knocked out from. By the time Castiel stood up and kissed Dean's forehead, his eyes were closed.
Once Dean arrived to the apartment and entered the elevator, he suddenly realized he left his jacket with Gracie... who was stuck at the clinic. He groaned to himself. Great, now he would look like a clingy crazy dog guy or desperate to talk to Veterinarian Sexy.
The last thing he uttered before he blacked out was Emily's name.
“Oh, everything is just fine. We were able to get the shard of glass out safely, her paw is in a soft cast as I mentioned. I do want Grace, here, to have very minimal activity. No running, playing, going up and down stairs, etc.” Dean could hear what sounded like a metal cage door closing on the other end of the receiver. “The way I had to suture her paw, it could easily cause them to rupture if she were to do any strenuous activity.”
“Why didn’t you tell me!?” Sam demanded, “Why didn’t you call or- or text!?” Sam crossed his arms and gave his brother the look; the look that said Dean was in deep shit. Dean rolled his eyes, set his beer down and faced his brother. “Because it was hard on me, Sam! It still is!” Dean challenged back, his voice deeper and louder than his brothers. “You have no idea what that dog means to me!” Dean snatched his beer up, drained it of the rest of its contents, tossed the empty bottle into the trash and went to his bedroom just as his phone began to ring.
Sam returned home at around nine PM and walked into his brothers room, sitting on the bed to pet Grace, who’s tail wagged wildly as she received attention from her Uncle Sam. “So, how was you date with Castiel?” Sam smirked, looking up at Dean as he stroked Grace’s ear. “How the fuck did you know about that!?” Dean did not want Sam to know just yet. He wanted to see if it would work between he and Cas first. “Gabriel.” Sam laughed “Dude, they’re brothers. I’m sure, much like us, not much goes unsaid.” Dean rolled his eyes and went to grab a beer, Sam following.
Dean sat everything aside on his nightstand, put the fake leg on his bed and grabbed the crutches leaning against his headboard next to him. Hobbling to the bathroom, leaving the door open behind him just in case he needed Gracie’s assistance, He turned on the shower and brushed his teeth, relieved himself, and once he tested the water, carefully hopped in the walk-in amenity.
Finally, once in the living room, Dean realized he didn’t have Grace’s gear at Cas’s apartment. In the US, it wasn’t mandatory to mark a service dog as a service dog, however… it made it easier to acquire public access into businesses, restaurants, doctor’s offices, and the like. “Hey, Cas. I totally realized, I don’t have Grace’s gear, I may have to le-,” Dean was cut off by Cas bringing out a box from their bedroom. Strangely, it was wrapped. He set it on Dean’s lap, who was sitting on the couch as he put Grace’s collar and leash on.
Dean hadn’t realized his eyes were cast downward. He looked up at Castiel to see a look of pure sadness. “Oh, Dean….” Cas murmured gently “I’m so sorry.” Dean nodded once and continued “My dad… he was a shit father. Always screaming at me and Sam. Always… I would usually be the brunt of his anger when he came home drunk, because it was either me or mom and Sam. God forbid he lay a hand on mom.” Dean grit his teeth slightly at the thought of John Winchester. He cleared his throat and shook his head “Whatever. Anyway, what about you? What’s your story?”
The doctor came in shortly after the medicine was given to Dean. “Hello, Castiel. How is our patient doing?” She stood in front of a computer and typed something in hastily before noting Dean’s vitals. “He’s fine, the medicine seems to be working.” Cas yawned sleepily, watching the doctor move around Dean. “Good.” She smiled as Tessa returned with a wheelchair. “I want to admit Dean in for evaluation. He came in with severe spasms and by the looks of his amputation it was not done well at all.” Cas nodded once, looking down at the man he couldn’t help but wish to trade places with.
When Castiel returned to Dean’s side it took all he had not to break down. Dean was panting heavily on his left side, his hands balled into white knuckled fists and his brow covered in sweat. He yelled out, the spasms becoming constant. Cas swiped up his underwear and gently rolled Dean to his back. Tears… tears began to roll down Dean’s cheek and he choked out a sob, his back arched and fire engulfed his limb.
It was a scorching Thursday afternoon. Dean had recieved orders to head out with his patrol team to check out a compound just outside of the wire. He walked to the kennels next door to the Alaskan tent and approached his dogs kennel.
The younger Winchester began putting the cooked bacon on a plate next to the stove and moved to the fridge, pulling the carton of eggs out and returned to the stove. “Class was canceled this morning.” He went on to explain his professor’s daughter ended up going into early labor and didn't have a substitute to fill in for her. “So I thought I’d meet up with Kevin in the library and do some extra studying now that our test has been postponed for next week.” Sam stated as he scrambled enough eggs for the two of them.
This has truly been such an amazing experience for my very first publicly "published" story here on AO3. I can't explain how happy you guys made me when you expressed your excitement for another (very badly written) chapter to this story. It means the world to me that I was able to share this story with all of you, while I was able and given the chance to do so.
Dean opened the creaky door, slid into the leather seat and started her up, the engine purred like a content kitten after it’s had a warm bowl of milk. He revved the engine a few times then pulled out of his usual parking spot and headed for his first destination.
“I killed them, Sammy.” Dean said emotionlessly. “I killed Ness, Inias… Benny.” Without realizing it, tears rolled down Dean’s cheeks. Sam sighed and pulled his older brother in for a hug, holding him tightly. “Dean. What happened wasn’t your fault. Things happen, accidents happen. No one was harmed when that IED went off.” When Sam pulled away he looked at Dean and firmly said “You’re a hero, man. Even if you don’t realize it.”
Castiel made to help him stand up now, to which Dean took a deep shaky breath “This is the real test.” Standing and walking in his prosthetic leg really made his pain so much worse. So, if the pump couldn’t help with that pain to…. Well. He didn’t want to think about that. Very slowly, Dean stood up, both hands in Cas’s hands to help keep him level and refrain any trauma to his incision. Upon standing, Dean felt a small ache. But, again, it wasn’t the absolute worse he’s ever felt. He looked at Cas again, his body shaking from his happiness and pure feelings of ecstasy. “It works…” He whispered around a lump in his throat.
Tears filled Dean’s eyes as he realized just how badly Grace had been injured. “Look, Doc…” His voice broke as the words left his mouth “This dog isn’t just a dog. She’s my lifeline.” Dean sighed and ran his hand down his face, finally deciding to explain everything to this stranger. Why? He was unsure. He just felt like he could tell Castiel anything. “You got time?” Castiel hesitated, he was clearly busy.
He curled his finger into a come hither motion and felt around until Dean reached down and gripped the sheets as he cursed; There it is. Castiel smirked and sucked Dean back into his mouth, this time bobbing his head up and down in slow, long motions. His tongue rubbing against the sensitive underside of Dean's cock each time he pulled his mouth upward. Dean's breathing became erratic and his chest began to turn a deep, bright red. Castiel started rubbing the pad of his finger solely against Dean's prostate and deepthroated his cock everytime his mouth went down the length of it. "Cas-" Dean panted, his hips thrusting ever so slightly but not enough to count as movement. "Fuck- Cas. right there. Oh, right there." Dean angled his ass in such a way that allowed Cas's finger to get deeper inside of him.
Once Dean calmed down, both brothers returned to bed. Dean did not have another dream for the rest of the night. He did, however, think of Castiel. His heart giddy for their meeting, excited to bring his beloved Gracie home. He hung onto that like he hung onto breathing.
When Dean came home from Afghanistan, he didn’t want to stay in Kansas. He needed to forget his past, he needed a change of pace. So, Sam applied to NYU and upon his acceptance, followed Dean to Manhattan where Dean got a job as a mechanic and Sam began studying law.  Sam could've gone to Harvard or Stanford, but Dean knew his brother wanted to come with so he could take care of him. Despite Dean telling Sam he could handle living on his own, he knew deep down he needed Sam's help. Both brothers were at least glad Sam earned a scholarship to the university, full ride. So long as Sam kept up his grades and attendance.
Dean’s hands started shaking, so he rubbed them up and down his thighs in an attempt to hide his anxiety. Grace noticed his anxious tics, and swiftly approached Dean, the metal on her equipment tinkling as she walked, her leash yanking out of Cas's hands and dragging behind her. She put her two front paws on the foot rest attached to the exam bed and nudged at Dean's hands to both alert him to his anxiety attack and stop him from having a full blown panic attack. Cas watched as Dean subconsciously ignored the dog, yet she persisted. Finally, after a couple minutes of nudging, Dean finally stopped and buried his hands in her thick mane around her neck. “She really loves you, Dean,” Cas murmured, his voice shaking slightly, “She truly does care for you. Just like I do.” Cas's eyes never leaving Dean's face, “I hope you realized how much I’m willing to do for you, in a heartbeat. What I would give for you to just… be open with me.”
When Cas made to get up from his chair, three knocks sounded from behind the door and the fiery haired Dr. Sands appeared from behind it, a blinding smile on her face. “Hello Dean and Castiel. It’s very nice to see you both here today.” When the door closed behind her, her eyes reverted immediately to Grace. “Oh, and who might this little helper be?” The doctor sat down on her chair and slipped on some rubber exam gloves. “This, here, is Gracie. Trained her myself.” Dean said proudly. The doctor’s ears perked up at this, surprise taking over her features. “Wow. Impressive. I looked into service dogs myself, since my daughter’s autistic. But I had a hard time finding a trainer and a breeder, I don’t trust programs, so I resigned my search. Do you offer training services?” Dean felt taken aback. He never thought about training dogs for others. “You know,” Cas began, sitting up in his chair. “Dean trained and worked dogs in the military, which is how he had the knowledge and talent to train Grace.” Cas explained, then looked at Dean “I actually think you would be such an amazing dog trainer, Dean. You would be helping others and doing what you seem to really love and enjoy.” Cas smiled warmly at him, and Dean blinked a few times. Wasn’t he here to get his trial pump removed? How did this magically stem into a job offer? Whatever. Dean wasn’t one to say no to training.
Dean's body tensed and his hole tightened even more around Castiel's cock. "Come for me, baby..." Cas cooed, his own orgasm building in his belly. Dean's vision suddenly went white, his ears began ringing. Cas continued to pound into him as he came, white streaks painting his belly and chest. Dean arched his back and Cas lifted him up against him, thrusting into him fast and hard until he, too, fell over the edge, his cock throbbing inside Dean's quivering hole, come coating both of their stomachs and chests.
Dean nodded, “I took it right when you woke up.” He admitted, wincing again as the pain grew stronger, a horrible stinging feeling began to hit him right at the incision sight. Cas sighed, running a hand through his hair “Well, your pills are only 2mg, and take at least one hour to kick in. A bolus should be okay since it’s a lower dose. I’ll monitor you until they wear off.” Dean nodded once, pushed the button and waited. Dean smirked, suddenly chuckling as he winced, Cas looked at him, a ghost of a smile on his lips “Care to share with the rest of the class?” Grace moved to a sit, as if she were agreeing with Castiel.
Castiel Novak.
Dean hated the thought of a Doctor pulling out tubing from within his spinal fluid, but he didn’t really have a choice. At least he would get to take Grace with him, Dr. Novak officially gave her the medical clear to get back to working. Dean was excited to show Cas everything Gracie knew. After all, she did learn from the best.
Dean pulled the lid off of the hefty box, set it aside, and pulled back the tissue paper. His breath caught in his chest. He couldn’t say anything. He was truly shocked. Inside the box, was a beautiful leather mobility harness. The leather was a gorgeous deep plum color, the hardware a copper penny color. “I had Sam take her measurements a couple weeks ago, all of it is custom made. Even the patches, which are all velcro’ed to her vest so you can change them out whenever you’d like. See what else is in there.” Dean looked at him as he set the harness next to him on the couch. Next was the vest, which was a pretty pink. There were a solid eight patches on the vest; some said “WORKING: PLEASE DO NOT PET”, “NO TALK, NO TOUCH, NO EYE CONTACT, NO PICTURES”, “Distracting a Service Dog is a Misdemeanor”, and a few patches that said “PTSD SERVICE DOG”, “MY HANDLER IS A VETERAN, NO TRIGGERS PLEASE” and the last one “PTSD DOES NOT STAND FOR PET THE SERVICE DOG”. When Dean picked up the vest, he noticed more stuff under it. A set of working dog boots, “from a place called Ruffwear.” Cas explained, “They fit her perfectly. Everything does. I checked.”
Dean reached down and placed both hands on either side of Castiel's head. Cas understood what he wanted to do and tightened his lips around Dean's dick, his tongue rested flat against it. Dean then fucked Cas's mouth onto his dick, moving his head up and down and short, fast movements, just enough to feel his cock moving in the back of Castiel's throat. Cas felt his throat constrict and tears pricked his eyes and Dean thrust hard one time into the back of Castiel's throat, screaming out his name as fire boiled through his belly and his cock throbbed and pulsed hot, bitter cum down Castiel's throat. Dean's vision went white, his ears filled with the sounds of ringing and the ocean inside of a seashell.
That was it. He was having a heart attack.
The bomb did more than steal his leg, it scarred his entire body with burns. He felt like a creation of Dr. Frankensteins; missing limb, patches of wrinkled, scarred and mangled skin. And forget too rough sex... With RSD being the biggest cockblock. Dean knew the moment Cas saw his body,  and learned of his limitations, he would run for the hills. However, Castiel was so patient and gentle, they only stuck with making out and the occasional hand job from Dean despite Cas's urge to return the favor.
Cas also felt like crying, he couldn’t help but feel the absolute happiness Dean almost radiated with. Grace also knew something good was going on, though she didn’t know what, she was bonded intensely to Dean and, being a dog, always picked up on his emotions. “Let’s celebrate. When you’re better. You, me and Gracie girl.” Dean looked down at the canine, who was standing right by his side, looking up at him.
I am so shocked  this story is really making the rounds. I never thought it would be as supported and enjoyed as it has been. You guys have no idea how much that means to me. I also do read all of your comments, even though I may not always respond, I do read them. They mean so much to me. I wish I could hug every single one of you beautiful people. Just... thank you. For always supporting me and this story. More to come soon.
Dean sat on the couch with Grace drinking a glass of whiskey and watching Dr. Sexy when Sam walked through the door. Dean checked his watch: 4:30 PM. “You’re home early.” Dean mumbled, taking a sip of amber liquid from the glass in his hand, petting Grace’s back gently with his other hand. Sam set his bag down on the dining table’s chair and kicked his shoes off. “Yeah, Professor Roman gave us all the day off since everyone aced their exam.” Sam explained as he pulled a beer out of the fridge and twisted the cap off.
Dean whined slightly before taking a deep breath. "Yes, sir." He muttered, his words slurring from the drugs being pumped into his body at that very moment. "Good boy. Don't move." Cas whispered, gently pulling Dean's pants and boxers down and off of his body. "If it feels too good you can grip my hand as hard as you'd like. I promise you won't break me." Castiel reached up and thread his fingers with Dean's right after he gave him the permission to do so. Cas then dropped his head down and licked languorously from the base of Dean's  balls to the tip of his thick, hard cock in one, broad, long drag of his tongue. Dean gasped audibly, his eyes rolling back slightly and fluttering closed. Cas scooted up and wrapped his left hand around the base of Dean's dick, he licked his lips once in preparation and, finally, parted them just enough to fit the swollen tip of Dean's gorgeous cock between them. Dean sighed out a broken whimper and  reached a bandaged hand down to curl cold fingers into dark hair. Castiel glanced up before closing his eyes, slowly pushing his mouth downwards and hollowing his cheeks out. "Oh. Fuck. Castiel." Dean felt tears spring to his eyes, he wanted to fuck that mouth so badly but he promised Cas, and he won't go breaking promises.
SMUT IS INVOLVED. Now, since this is in fact my first fic it is also my first time writing a sex scene of any kind. So, if you have any suggestions, especially in regards to light BDSM, please don't hesitate to send them my way. Also, the next chapter will involve nothing but Dean and Castiel.
Once again, Cas’s alarm went off on his phone. They both sighed as Cas twisted his torso around to shut the offensive blaring horn noise off. “Are you okay, Dean?” Cas was truly concerned. Dean could hear it in his voice. “I am now.” Dean murmured as he stroked Grace’s golden fur. “Are you ready to go to work, Gracie?” Grace immediately woke up and sat up in the bed, her thumping tail against the mattress the only indicator of her excitement.
Alright, guys. First off: HOLY COW! I did not imagine for this to take off as quickly as it did!
Castiel looked at Dean. Moving over to the other side of the exam table, he put his hand on his clients shoulder and looked him in the eye "Listen to me, Dean. This was not your fault. It was an accident. Accidents happen. It's our job to learn from them and move on. Your Grace looks to be in prestige condition, aside from the glass in her ankle and paw. You did not cause this." Dean looked at the man, it felt as if his blue eyes were looking straight into Dean's soul "Forgive yourself. She does." As Castiel said the last two words he nodded his head in the dogs direction.
Suddenly, he was awoken by Sam shaking him. “Dean!” Sam cried out firmly “Dean, stop! Stop! You’re safe. Stop.” Shaking, Dean clutched his brothers shirt and leaned into him slightly, eyes wide and body tense.
Dean looked up to him, his brows knit into a worried furrow, his teeth ground together, locking his jaw tight. The doctor counted down, unstructured he take deep breaths and began to remove each stitch, one by one. Dean could hear the metallic tink, tink, tink, as the stitches were dropped into a metal basin next to the exam bed. The doctor set town her tools, and put on hand on his back for stability. “Okay Dean, this might feel a little strange. You might feel some pressure inside your body. Do not move. I’m going to pull out the catheter now.” Dean’s eyes flew open, which he hadn’t realized he closed. “Wait, wait, wait, I’m- I-" Cas clutched his hand in both hands and brought it to his lips. “Dean. Deep breaths. You’re doing so well, sweetheart. I’m so proud of you. You’re almost done.” Cas gave Josie a knowing look, and she began to remove the catheter tubing from Dean’s spine.
I know this chapter was extra short and felt a little rushed but, trust me when I say, chapter seven will be full of information and strengthen Castiel and Dean's relationship. We may or may not see some Bobby/Ellen and Sabriel as well. Stay tuned!
It looks like there will be a lot more time for many firsts with Cas. They have nothing but time.
Dean sat up, pushed the blanket back from his body, kicked his one good leg over to the side of the bed and looked down at his missing limb. He was at least thankful he still had his other leg. Grace brought him the prosthetic leg and he gingerly took it from the golden canine, praising her and giving her a quick scratch on the head. “Thanks, Gracie girl,” he murmured, reaching into his nightstand to pull out the rubber piece which goes over his stump, a sock band to go around the rubber piece and a spray bottle of alcohol.
They quickly became necessities.
“Dean?”
“Okay, Dean. Are you ready to start feeling better?” The nurse, Tessa, returned with a tray of syringes, needles, vials, non-latex gloves and alcohol pads. Dean rolled his head to face the nurse, his hand on his limb. He had been changed out of the sweats and t-shirt and put into a hospital gown. He couldn’t find it within himself to speak, the pain constantly winding him.
Dean looked at him, his hand still on Cas’s bare chest. He made to sit up, Cas helped him as best he could, Grace’s head sliding off of his body and plopping on the bed; she didn’t move a muscle. Once he was in the position he wanted to be in, he leaned in and gently pressed his lips against Cas’s, Cas closed his eyes and returned the favor, his body leaning into Dean’s ever so slightly.
There are quite a few tasks done by Grace, Dean's service dog, in this chapter. As well as a minor medical procedure. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask. Someone previously asked in the last chapter what DPT is. DPT is an abbreviation for Deep Pressure Therapy. It is essentially done when the dog applies their body weight onto the handlers body during an anxiety attack or other mental illness breakdown, which offers grounding and pressure stimulation. The animal's fur offers sensory stimulation. And their steady breathing helps the handler subconsciously match their breathing with their dog's, which eases them out of their attack. My dog will be taught this task, among many others, once he finally comes home.
Once Dean finished drying off he wrapped the towel around his waist, grabbed his crutches and hobbled back to his bedroom, Grace following next to him. Stopping at his dresser in front of his bed, equipped with a television and cable box, Dean picked up his watch, slipped it on and began to pull out a pair of jeans, boxers, socks and an ACDC t-shirt.  He pulled the towel from around his waist and tossed it into the hamper next to his dresser.
"We were at the park," Dean began, his voice shaking from stress and the near verge of tears. "I was tossing Grace's favorite ball and..." he cleared the lump from his throat "I should've patrolled the area first. This shouldn't have happened." Dean ran his hand through his hair and shook his head. "This is my fault. I'm supposed to protect my dog. She relies on me to care for and keep her safe."
Dean nodded once in understanding, “I’m sorry… sir." He murmured. Cas released his harsh grip on his hair, and ran his fingers through it soothingly. “It’s forgiven. Now. Get back to sucking. And… use your tongue.” He murmured, a filthy wink following his request. Dean leaned down, his tongue lapping at the frenulum, right beneath the cockhead. He knew sucking, licking or rubbing the cockhead with his tongue was enough to drive Cas crazy, alone. He wondered what this might do. He wasn’t disappointed. Cas's back arched, his eyes rolled back into his head, and his hips thrusted up harshly. “Oh, right there! Dean… right there.” Dean smiled, his tongue lapping away at the sensitive spot on Cas's dick. Cas's hands rested at the back of Dean’s head, not adding pressure, they were just there. “Dean… God… Fuck, that feels so good.” Cas groaned, arching his back even more and grabbing the side of his seat. Dean rubbed his tongue against the sensitive spot a bit longer, then proceeded to put Cas's dick back where it belonged, in his throat. He sucked him down inch my inch, dragging his tongue against the sensitive vein on the underside, until his nose was nestled against Cas's shaved pelvis. His hand reached up and grabbed his heavy, no doubt aching, balls, his fingers rubbing them gently.
Suddenly, the raucous of bullets made his ears ring, his body felt hot, like the sun was relentlessly beating down on him atop hundreds of layers of military gear. He felt his hand pull against what felt like a leash, his other hand felt wet. He looked down to see it covered in blood.
“Dean?”
Castiel retrieved the landline phone and dialed three numbers. Dean could hear him conversing with someone about an ambulance, the pain making him dizzy and disoriented. Cas set the phone back on the receiver, kneeled down to Dean’s eye level and grabbed his hand, rubbing his thumb in gentle circles on the top of Dean’s hand as he ran fingers through his hair soothingly. “I called an ambulance, they will be here soon. Is there anything I can get you?” Cas felt tears prick his eyes as Dean rolled his face into the pillow and screamed. “Dean, sweetheart, please tell me what I can do?” He struggled to keep the tears at bay. He had never felt so helpless in his life.
Here was the most beautiful man Dean had ever laid eyes on (way out of his league, actually), laying next to him, running his fingers through Dean's hair in the soothing way only Cas knew how. It was so domestic, everything Dean had always wanted. Yet, he felt undeserving of it. "Cas?" Dean murmured, tears in his green eyes. "Hmm?" Castiel turned from the television at the front of the room, which was currently airing Desperate Housewives, to look at Dean. Dean licked his lips, a tear falling from his right eye. "Make love to me. Please." Castiel looked at him, confused "Dean, you just had-" Dean rolled his eyes and sighed "Castiel, make love to me. Now. Please." Cas sighed, kissing Dean's forehead before resting his own  forehead against Dean's. "Dean. You just had surgery. You can't move your body too much, okay?" Dean nods furiously and reaches for his boyfriend, all needy emotions flowing through him.
Dean sat the vest next to the harness and saw more patches, three bandanas’, custom made from beautiful fabric, a brand-new leash and collar set made from matching purple leather, “So the harness matches her leash and collar.” On the collar was a beautiful tag, on the front was a halo and angel wings engraved on it, on the back it had Grace’s name, the words “Service Dog”, Dean and Cas’s phone number and… “my address.” Dean looked up at him, his heart fluttered in his chest, he felt like butterflies were going at it in his belly. “I can change it, if it isn’t something you wa-,” Dean cut Cas off midsentence “I want to, Cas. I’ll do it.” Cas visibly relaxed, “Okay. Okay, then. Let’s live together,” Dean beamed, he had to be glowing at this point. "Let's live together."
Cas and Hannah switched sides once again, the tray coming with her. She grabbed another alcohol packet from the tray and tore it open. As she cleaned Dean's medication port on his IV line she looked at Castiel and Dean "It's so good seeing friends support each other. It's not everyday you see someone with a friend as loyal as yours, Dean." Castiel and Dean looked at each other before smirking at the nurse. "Actually," Cas began, running his fingers through Dean's hair and leaning over, kissing him gently, lovingly. When he pulled away, he looked at the nurse with a goofy smile on his face "We are in a relationship. Dean is my boyfriend." Hannah looked down at the vial of medicine she had just picked up, a warm smile on her face "I apologize. I had a feeling but I didn't want to offend if you two weren't together. You are truly perfect for each other." She attached a needle to a syringe and set it back down before picking up the syringe that already had a drug in it. "Dean, I almost forgot. I have to administer an anti-clotting drug. It has to go in your underarm. So, I'll have to give it in your left arm again." Dean sighed and nodded "Fine. Just get it over with." Castiel ran his fingers through Dean's blonde hair and kissed his forehead "It's okay, baby. It'll go by quickly." Hannah smiled as Cas whispered to Dean reassuringly. She had him lift his arm and quickly injected the drug. Dean cried out slightly, wincing at the horrible burn of the drug. "You know.." she looked at Castiel this time as she went back to preparing his pain medicine. "You guys seem to have the kind of love that's rare. The kind of love that seems like your souls were meant for each other." Dean looked at Castiel and took his hand, bringing it to his lips and gently kissing each knuckle. Hannah drew out the Dilaudid, removed the needle, attached the syringe to the IV port on Dean's hand and pushed the medication into his vein. Dean bit his cheek slightly as the drug burned it's way into his body. "Okay, you two. I'm finished. Press the call button if you need anything, okay Dean? Your breakfast should be here shortly. Along with your doctor." With that, Hannah left the room.
