“You good, bro?” he asked softly. Sam nodded, sleepily. “Don’t worry about the next few days. Cas talked to Alan—everyone’s gone elsewhere. We can take you over in the afternoon, pick up whatever you need.”
Sam’s shoulders lost a bit of their tension. He looked at the floor, took another sip of his coffee, but Cas saw his hands shaking.
“Shutup,” Andy cracked the box and stuck a sugar cookie in his mouth. “Ju’no ma tiggas, ji’no yas.”  Sam laughed. Andy swallowed. “I
McCloud cocked his eyebrow. “I always thought your moose might have a big mouth. Theoretically, of course. You wouldn’t believe just how small and tight it could be with the right persuasion.”
Bobby lingered a moment, hands in his pockets. “You just...make sure he pulls through, alright?” he said awkwardly, before darting off down the hall. Jake shifted.
"Yeah," he muttered, "all my life I figured I was doing good letting the old man have a fifth and pound on me. When he'd get through to Sammy--" his voice died. "Anyway, I never minded. Even when it was hospital-serious. At least then we had a good week of peace. And when I started working and hustling pool we could always bunk up at a motel." He sighed. "Then that night Sam got his scholarship, he lied and said he'd be out. So I went out too. He knew Dad would freak and wanted me out of the line of fire. I came home and they were both beaten to hell, but Dad had gotten Sam over the head with a bottle of Jack. The docs were talking comas and brain damage. Hell of a way to realize what it felt like on the other side of things."
Cas woke feeling warm and sleepy. Sam was breathing softly under his arm. Dean was standing by the bedside with a grocery bag and raised eyebrows.
“No. No, I’ve never heard him raise his voice. He told Dean that he was an ‘obnoxious, disrespectful, petty little brat,’ and then told me that ‘your brother has the unique ability to anger me more than anyone I’ve ever met.”
Cas chuckled sympathetically and rubbed his boyfriend’s shoulder. “I’ll make you a sandwich and bring it up.”
“Sam,” he said gently, laying one hand on his shoulder and another on his friend’s knee. “I’ve spoken to Anna, my supervisor at the hospital. She recommended a wonderful grief counselor. She saw him herself when her Grandmother passed away. I’d like you to let me make you an appointment.”
"Fair enough." His boyfriend advanced, rested his chin, briefly, on Cas' shoulder. "Just relax. No tie. No jacket. Slacks and a dress shirt with a few buttons undone. You'll look handsome and ready. Sam's a big prep boy anyway, he'll probably be dressed the same."
Dean grumbled and shifted, causing Sam to whimper, causing Dean’s arm to tighten. Cas’ eyes stung, and he didn’t think he could bear to tell them they had to separate. He sat, quietly, an ill feeling in his stomach, when a nurse came in and shook Sam awake, smiling and gently telling him he needed to take his meds and eat something, and that visiting hours were ending soon, and his primary therapist would be by to have her first session with him.
When they leave the office the cops have used as an interrogation room--Dean limping slightly in his brand new foot brace, grumbling about 'gimping it forward'--Cas is talking to Balthazar, who gives him a small grin.
Cas nodded. “It’s one of the many reasons they invented smoke alarms. Smoke in large doses coaxes the body to deeper sleep rhythms.”
Sam was spitting out the last of his puke when Crowley’s hand landed on the back of his head and shoved him forward against the wall.
in Sam, that he acknowledges your humanity and doesn’t rely on your absolute ability to fix his mistakes. Of course, that will come with some very real repercussions, because if you aren’t able to fix everything, than he has to find a way to fix things on his own. So he may very well overcompensate.”
“Bah, humbug.” His boyfriend slid up behind him and slipped his hands under his shirt, leaning to whisper against his throat. “C’mon. You said not while he was staying over, but he won’t be in the house.”
"You—you could have bled out. And I wouldn't have been there." Sam's voice cracked. He pressed his forehead into Dean's good leg. "I want to
Dean was always there for him when he was sick, with soup or oatmeal, hot cocoa and blankets, story books and cartoons when Sam was young, and magazines and video games when he was older. And now, when Sam was at his sickest and his fear was at its highest, Dean was only by his side for an hour or so a day, and there was no end date. Sam had imagined going to rehab, spending a few days in hell, and then going home. Everyone was telling him he’d be here at least a month more on top of the fifteen days he’d already endured, and even that was a highly optimistic estimate. Sam might have to spend the holidays here. Dean’s birthday. His own. Cas’. He couldn’t imagine there wouldn’t be a point where everyone would throw up their hands and walk. Afterall, Sam had endangered the best, happiest, safest relationship Dean and Cas had ever had. They were their own family now.
“Cas!” a voice shouted, and he was lifted, rested on someone’s leg, and Sam’s face swam into vision. “No, no, no—c’mon, Cas, hey, hey man—it’s okay, you’re okay. You with me? Cas?” Sam’s voice shook.
Dean didn’t need a map and Sam didn’t need the bathroom and, five minutes later, they were on the road out of town.
“Don’t you dare cut it off,” he snapped, sweat making its way from his hairline. Cas moved to smooth his boyfriend’s brow and nearly got hit again.
“I’d get faster service in the Soviet Bloody Union than I’m getting here,” McCloud growled, sauntering back. "Despite its quaint little attempt at capitalizing on a failed communist enterprise, the lack of service and failure to refill top-shelf brands is hardly going to make me empty my pockets."
"You won't," he soothed, hand moving over his friend's head once more. "I promise to always be here for you. Even if Dean can’t. I’ll do all I can in his stead.”
“We’re just fine. I’ve been working my usual, saving beautiful babies from a junkyard: Cas has been saving literal babies from...that didn’t sound so terrible in my head.”
“You will never get me to apologize,” Dean said, cool as can be. “Because I’m not sorry. As long as you don’t come back looking for a
“Found them,” Cas said, leaning over to drop several boxes of fake electric candles into the cart. “Thanks for waiting. I was worried I’d have to wander around for awhile before I found you.”
Normally, they’d laugh at this. But with the alienation of the past few days, the attempted humor sank them both. Cas sighed and made his way around the bed.
And sure, lots of people had bubbly brunches. But this one cost almost a thousand dollars for the two of them. Gabe didn’t even blink when he dropped the check. Cas did. All he could think was--
“I know,” Dean snapped. Then softened his tone. “I know.” He crossed the room and sank onto the edge of the mattress. Cas joined him. “I want to make this clear: I’m not sorry for what I did. But I
At the sound of Sam’s voice, Dean flinched less. His breathing eased, and he settled. Sam carefully picked up one of the cold cloths from beside the bed and continued.
“He was a kid. They were both kids. Mike’s a dick, but he doesn’t like anyone bugging his family. Especially his little Louie.”
No one aside from his parent’s chef had ever personally made him a meal before. Cas had felt a whole wealth of warmth and feeling as he stared at the table, until Dean nudged him not-so-gently into his seat and plopped an omelet on his plate. Cas had done the dishes while Dean showered, and then they’d both raced the clock to get one another off before Dean went to work.
“If you relapse, you know what happens? You go back to Rosemount. They lock you down. And when you’re clean, Cas and me come. And we sit with you, and we go to therapy, and we bring you dinner, and we work your meds, and we find you a safe home, and we do it as many times as we have to until it sticks for good, you understand me? Because I won’t accept anything less than you sober, and if it takes five, ten, fifteen, a hundred rounds to get there, then we get back up and do it until we get there.”
Dean told him. Cas’ face softened to one of sorrow and empathy as he stared at Dean’s brother. Dean felt a swell of warmth: even if Cas didn’t quite understand them, he accepted them without question, and it meant the world to him.
“Don’t you give up on yourself,” she said fiercely. “I ain’t givin’ up. Dean ain’t givin’ up. Cas ain’t givin’ up. Alan sure as
, to be with Sam, but he missed his boyfriend. He felt a wash of shame even admitting it, because Sammy was his reason for
“It’s okay, Sammy,” Dean murmurs, stroking his hair. “You didn’t do anything wrong. They know it. We know it. You have every right to feel safe there.”
“Hear me out.” Cas stared at the floor. “I was raised to believe the system could be trusted, because it always worked for my family. I realize now I wasn’t taking the enormous amount of privilege and influence that comes with my last name into account. I thought I’d seen past that.”
“Yeah. First time I saw him after the CPS mess I called him a dick and told him to fuck off, but Sam went running to him one night when I had a concussion, and he was around for awhile after that. Patched us up and the lot.”
Andy was screeching up on the curb and bounding up the stairs faster than he could remember him ever doing before.
“Sounds good though doesn’t it?” he grinned, finally pulling his shirt down and turning the rearview mirror toward him so he could fix his hair. “
Dean leaned forward and looked intently at Andy’s face. “You met a girl. She hasn’t slept with you yet, but you think you’re getting close.”
He wanted to be a student of Dean’s type of care. He wanted to be for the Winchesters what they were for each other.
Dean reached out and shuffled hair off his forehead. Sam couldn’t help his stupid, little-kid grin. “I’ll be okay, Dean.”
Sam smiled, ever so slightly. “Everyone in the state hears you, Missouri.” She grinned warmly back at him.
He and Gabe had taken their seats, eaten poached eggs with fresh-ground pepper, french toast with cinnamon
"Woke up about an hour ago shaking, but passed out again after about twenty minutes." Sam's breath hitched. Dean's hand dropped to his hair and smoothed it off his brother's forehead, eyes never leaving the TV. Sam quieted. "Got a Goddamn death grip on my leg."
Dean had been open, and honest, about his own lack of higher education, the difficulties with his father, the abuse they’d struggled against, and the criminal activity he’d occasionally dabbled in to the get them through. But when Cas had asked what his brother was up to, Dean had beamed like a proud parent.
“You aren’t as charming as you think Dean,” Cas muttered, but he slid an arm around his waist and carefully helped him to his feet. “I left a pain pill by your toothbrush.”
“I know,” Dean’s voice was warm, affectionate. Sam felt himself beaming, the dumb thing that always happened when he’d made his big brother proud. “Think I’d have gone out there without knowing my pain-in-the-ass-little-brother had my back?”
“You’re having a panic attack,” he said, keeping his voice kind, but also calm and authoritative. “Listen to me—we’re going to breathe together, alright?” He untangled Sam’s trembling, squirming right hand from his hair and took it firmly in his own left, guiding their hands down to rest on the heaving muscles of Sam’s diaphragm. “You’re pulling and pushing your air in too fast, and it’s making everything else work harder than it needs to.” He rested his own right hand in the middle of Sam’s back, feeling the muscles shake and heart race as Sam bucked and rocked. “We’re going to put pressure on your stomach, okay?” He pushed the hand wrapped over Sam’s, steadily into his stomach, forcing the air out and refusing to let him take any back in. “Now, we’ll release slowly. Take the air in and try and hold it.” The young man fought harder, especially when his next breath came too short and Cas forced the air out once more, slowing the rhythm of his exhales. “Hold it,” he soothed, before releasing the pressure and letting him take more in. “It’s alright, I’m helping you breathe normally. Deep,” he pushed once more, forcing the air out slowly, “and easy.” He rubbed a light circle on the young man’s back, frowning as his hand brushed bumps of spine, but forcing a warm smile on his face as he forcibly regulated Sam’s air until the young man began to settle, draw in deeper, hold longer, before releasing once more.
Dean’s eyes glittered, as warm and bright as ever. Sam’s, still damp, seemed to do exactly the same. And when Cas slid onto the mattress beside them and completed their little “litter of awesome,” as Dean put it, he liked to think when they looked at him, they saw just as much love shining back.
to me. Nothing is going to happen. I’m not mad, you’re not mad. Alright?” he gently patted his brother’s back. “C’mon, let’s get some lunch.”
So when Cas informed him he was going away for the weekend, it was Sam who looked like he’d just been dumped, and Dean had to take care of that look. Throughout their time alone, he honestly didn’t feel Cas’ absence: his damn doctor had vanished for nights and double-shifts often enough that a weekend without him didn’t feel like much of anything.
“It is, Dean,” Anna said, carefully nudging Jake out of the way and moving the stretcher along. “You remember me?”
“Well, she passed her urinalysis every week. We figured someone was bringing her clean piss, but Alan couldn’t exactly kick her out on a hunch, they were trying to trap her other ways.”
“Guess what’s on tonight?” Dean said cheerfully. “Gremlins. Christmas classic. Yeah it’s not Christmas, but Cas is going to make the cocoa. I bought the gingerbread men.”
He wasn’t sure how, but Sam ended up clutching him, face buried in his shoulder, and Cas did his best to hold him, focused as hard as he could on the love Dean would give if he himself were the one holding his younger brother, and then tried to hold on to Sam all the tighter.
“I ever tell you how I got it?” Cas shook his head. “Sammy gave it to me the day they split us up. Never seen it before, but here I’m going in one van and him in another, and he comes running at me holding it out and babbling that as long as I hold onto it, we’ll see each other again. No matt
was—but Dean and Cas were the focus. Dean and Cas were both pretty gun-shy when it came to photos in general, and Sam had never been able to get any that were “coupley.” But Dean had slipped a hand onto Cas’ back, and Cas had beamed as he rarely did, and the resulting shot had them both looking warm and happy and
A/N there is a quote in here, indicated by * at the end of the sentence, that is taken directly from one of the greatest television shows ever made,
“How about, you and I hook up to see the movie, grab a beer after, and then see if Cas is free for dinner?” Sam’s hesitation resounded in his silence. “
“You were trying to save me,” Sam said. “You were trying to keep me from walking out that door. You were trying to keep me from Crowley—McCloud—whatever his name is. And...I know...Dean, please don’t give up on Cas.”
Sam was quiet for a moment, watching the television without taking it in. Cas snored. “He said...that I was a spoiled brat. That I didn’t appreciate you as my brother.”
Sam began to shake. "What if she woke up and saw the fire all around her? What if she reached for me and I wasn't there?"
Cas squeezed his arm reassuringly, but it was an empty motion. Though he told himself it wasn’t personal, it still hurt to see the man he loved swept out of his sight. For a terrible moment, he flat out
“Then get me something with bacon and sausage and a couple eggs on a biscuit or a muffin or something.”
Dean, of course, slapped on his big-brother mask and went to work coaxing Sam out of bed with a “rise and shine, lazy-ass.” He kept up a stream of chatter as he helped him dress and marched him down to the shared bathroom to brush his teeth and wash his face.
It’d been a wakeup call to see otherwise.  And it made Sam see what Dean must have seen in those early days: a vulnerable, emotionally repressed man who wanted to belong to a peaceful home as much as they did.
Jess beaming at him and squeezing his arm, thanking him for spoiling Sam, proud of him for a year without booze.
Gabe hit the highway out of JFK airport at a speed that would have made Dean cringe. Cas gripped the edge of his seat and eyed the road around them frantically.
“I was going to go to law school!” he screamed at a couple who quickly crossed the street. “You don’t know! You don’t—
?” Ruby gave a cocky grin, even as a bead of sweat rolled down from her temple. “If I were you...I’d watch your salt shakers. Never know when something else might be in them.”
“He means at work, Sam,” Cas soothed. “He means, are you working the register today? Inventory? Information?”
. There was a gentle, sweet nature even to her scolding. “When I first met Dean, do you think he thought I was a good match for Sam?”
“Oh...yeah. Kinda. By the way, sorry, I should have said this first, but if you have criminal charges pending you can’t go to Snack-Out. But I could bring you something back on the next run.”
“I’ll be back shortly,” he said, and made sure to shut the door so no one would overhear one of Dean’s closely guarded “chick-flick moments.”
He looked to Sam, but he too, had a look he that was completely foreign. And then it hit him: Sam and Dean hadn’t seen their father since the night John had broken a bottle over Sam’s head and nearly killed him.
“You’re alright,” he gasped, though it sounded more for his own benefit than Sam’s. “You are. I...I just—Peter told me there’d been a shooting, and you were here...”
Sam just blinked at his brother. He was very pale, very thin, and clearly still ill. His hands shook as he pulled the blanket around his shoulders. Dean did all his usual tricks--teased, tangled his fingers in his brother’s hair, fussed with the blankets, bitched about customers at the garage. Sam just stared at the wall. "Dean," he finally managed, his voice strained and hoarse. "I can't get warm."
“My father is the President of a prominent system of hospitals,” he said dully. Beside, he felt Dean going increasingly rigid.
“Christ,” he sighed. “There are days I want to put him on a leash.” Dean released the brake and guided them around the strip-mall parking-lot and back onto the main road. “You’ve been quiet.”
“I’ll be back tomorrow, bud, okay? You hang tight until then. Maybe we’ll try and get you up and mobile, huh?”
Sam was different: he waited on his brother hand and foot. He made anything Dean wanted for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks. He watched whatever was on Cable. He laughed at every one of Dean’s jokes. He brought him water, pills, helped him to the bathroom, wrapped his cast in plastic so he could shower, pulled the covers up and over his chest before curling into his sleeping bag on the floor beside him. He was so very calm, together, and
“I’d of done the same for you,” Dean hissed, and pushed hard on the accelerator. Cas couldn’t bring himself to chide him anymore than he could tell him not to bother, his violence wasn’t needed or wanted in the world.
he clung to. And once he did, none of his own shortcomings seemed to matter anyway, and he wondered how he’d ever let them.
Dean arrived on the line, still swearing. “—then I’m gonna pull out its little intestines and—Cas! Call Sam!”
“It’s just...my Dad had big stretches of sobriety. He really worked at it. He came to my soccer games. He took us for ice cream, and to the movies, and out to dinner. He ordered pizza and watched TV with us. I hated him for so long...but sometimes...sometimes I miss him so much,” Sam’s voice broke. “I
Cas knew Dean was being sincere. One of the things he’d admired about Dean right off the bat was his serious, but still light-hearted nature: he knew when to take things seriously and when laughter was the best medicine. Dean had a warmth, a compassion about him that Cas had gravitated toward, and the more time they spent together, the more he felt his own rigid edges softening.
little. He was very, very tall, and broad shouldered, and not looking at all friendly toward the newcomer.
“Gallagher,” Sam said, stepping forward. “Andy—Andrew—Gallagher. He was in surgery for a bullet-wound to the shoulder.”
He wandered back out into the living room and accepted a drink from Gabe. They watched a standup comedian for awhile while Gabe’s phone buzzed and buzzed and he paused frequently to type with two thumbs and his beer dangling between his cupped lips.
“The hell I won’t.” Sam burst out laughing. Dean smiled into the receiver. “You’re that easy, bitch.”
. He got nervous trying to make good impressions and never looked right in formal attire. He was best in a t-shirt and jeans, sweaty and under a car. Grinning and wiping his hands. Paying for Cas’ cab when he was just a stranger. Grumbling at him in the morning. Smiling at him over dinner. Bellowing he was hungry from the back of the house.
Dean tapped his empty bottle on the bar, signaling another. “Yeah, I stopped listening about fifteen minutes ago. You two carry on.”
“The thing is, I never really had friends who weren’t stoners, okay? And they don’t want much to do with me now. I’m trying here, man, and your guilt and self-loathing is cramping my whole imaginary day of bonding.”
"Nah, got to hit it." He leaned back and swallowed his beer in three humongous gulps. "But that just saved my soul a teeny bit."
“You—you probably went to night-school. You probably have an associate’s degree from an online university. I went to Oxford. I went to Cambridge. I interned at Harvard University Medical Center, and—”
“So Sam,” Andy said, smiling in the rearview mirror, “any plan of attack? It’s going to be a little mad in there.”
The ward seemed busier on Monday. Alan and Missouri, his primary therapist, had shown him schedules, and the weekends were lighter, with visiting hours pretty much all day, an open rec room, field trips for those who ranked high enough to leave the ward. Monday through Friday were groups, breaks, groups, meals, groups, sessions, groups. Everything monitored, everything regulated.
Of course...he could always continue to send checks. Even if Dean didn't cash them. At least that would be on Dean, not him. It wasn't like they had written agreements. No court could fault him.
“I’m sure he’ll be fine,” he said, with a somewhat false calm. “I mean...he was alert enough to call Bobby a redneck-dropout-sonofabitch. That’s pure Dean, if I know him at all.”
“No, really. The sexual activities enjoyed by your lot are now so frequently enjoyed by heteroes they can hardly qualify as queer. But that, right there? That qualified you to give fashion advice and haircuts to the stars.”
“Dean, just...settle down,” Sam pleaded. He still stayed planted firmly behind his brother, but he reached out and gripped Dean’s arm to keep him from launching himself at the older man. "Dad...you need to go. Please. We’re not ready.”
Dean felt just like he did back in the old days with his Dad: desperate to please, and utterly unable.
Ruby. The dumb bitch Dean had hated from the second he’d eyed her. She’d dealt drugs—Sammy had never dealt drugs. She’d given attitude in groups. She’d rolled her eyes every time Dean asked Sam if he needed anything. She was just a dumb bitch and Dean didn’t care who knew it.
Sam sobbed for so long Cas worried he might need to prescribe and shoot him full of a sedative. He left patches of damp all over Dean’s shirt. He slept only when the two older men had slumped down on either side of him, exhausted. And then it was more passing out than sleeping, fingers tangled in his elder brother’s shirt, mouth ajar from his stopped-up nose. Cas kept a steady hand on his back and Dean smoothed his brother’s hair absently.
“Nope—didn’t tell them. Mike’s in Aspen for some conference, Lou’s in London, Ralph’s...I don’t actually know where Ralph is, but I don’t think he’s here, and Ma’s still in Italy.”
Dean’s eyes drifted and caught Sam’s, and his posture and face immediately assumed what Sam had long ago associated with ‘big brother.’ “Hey,” he murmured.
“Not enough to buy a fifth,” Sam said with an eye roll, hauling Dean’s plate close to him and scooping the remainders of their salad appetizer on it. He grabbed up his brother’s fork and dug in, ignoring Dean’s bark of “that was my dessert fork, you freak!”
"I know, I know, hey," Dean laid his hands on his brother's arms and squeezed. "It's good that you're being so honest. I know it's hard. But if you're not honest, we can't help you." He squeezed his brother's shoulders. "You've got a group now, but we'll be back."
“You’re not welcome here,” Dean growled. John stood up, eyes on his younger son. Sam pulled inward and hovered behind his brother, suddenly childlike.
. Which all decent members of society should. Also, we believe it’s barbaric to pee in front of someone standing a few inches away without a divider.”
“I can study with you.” Andy looked at him warily. Sam smiled. “I mean it. It’d be fun. I’ll quiz you, look over your papers. You can come by, have dinner with me and Cas and Dean, the nights I see them, and then I’ll help you work.”
“Please try,” she passed him and fell into easy, quick step behind Cas. With her white jacket, blue scrubs, and hair pulled back in a bun, she looked much older, and more severe, than she had when she’d visited their house for the Superbowl. But she had the same sharp mind and confident kindness he’d always fallen for. “I hate that guy,” she admitted, when they were safely out of earshot.
The elevator doors opened. Alan smiled. “And we’re gonna. Okay? So when the going gets tough, you remember this. How you were willing to stand, even feeling like a steaming pile of crap, to make everyone else feel good. You hear me, Sam? There are times I have to be resigned in letting someone go, but you’re not one of them. You’ve got way too much strength on your side to just cave in to. So hold tight. We’re gonna pull you through.”
Dean crossed back toward their booth, phone in hand, dark green eyes still sharp on the newcomer. “See you then,” he said to his cell, and slapped his phone shut. “Sam and Andy are gonna swing by,” he announced, hopping into the booth next to Cas.
see jail.” McCloud’s eyes were widening further. “And if you out me, I guarantee my brother will turn over pitch perfect testimony in seconds.”
Dean whirled on his brother, fury still clear on his face. “So you thought I didn’t need to know about this?”
“And it takes more than that, kid. You know it. It doesn’t stick if you don’t dive into the deep shit.”
All in all, once Cas had managed to stop fretting about what best to do, he was surprised how fast the time went. Dean’s temperature dropped slowly but steadily, and his sleep seemed deeper and more at ease. He and Sam had settled into their comfortable familiarity: as much as they were bound together by Dean, it always surprised him just how much he had in common with Sam. They were both ‘geeks,’ as Dean loved to remind him: both loved history and kept up with current events; both liked old mythology; both spent a lot of time in their own heads, thinking and analyzing. He supposed it was what drew them both to Dean, and why Dean was such a good balance for them: he was the extrovert to their introvert. He was able to love and support them both while forcing them to enjoy what they had. He made them move forward, and he’d given them both the faith to realize that they could face what they had to as a team. As a family.
Dean still spoke of his “little” and “kid” brother like he was just that...a little kid. But the man before him was neither a kid
Anna started down the hall. Cas felt his own spike of anxiety: he didn’t know what was right, what was professional, what was in line with etiquette, what right he had to—
Peter had never crossed his mind. The thought that McCloud might have parents, brothers, sisters, friends, had never crossed his mind. That McCloud particular brand of...
with him. I slept in his bed for a good month after that. He elbowed me so many times I made him wear elbow pads.”
“Of course you will. With time, you will. I know it’s hard to believe, but we’re you’re feeling is a natural process your body needs to go through. You’re purging everything that doesn’t belong and replacing it with what does. It will take time, but your body will work with you to rebuild everything you remember being before all this started.”
“I’m an alcoholic,” Dean said, voice wavering. Cas moved his hand off of Dean’s waist and rested it over his boyfriend’s heart.
“You can’t get a hangover if you don’t go to sleep!” Gabriel announced, sweeping him into an overly-enthusiastic hug. “You know half this room thinks we’re into some serious kink, and the other half thinks you’re having a gay-love affair with your wife’s driver.”
“No. But she said you were a good friend. Actually, she said something kinda super uber creepy weird. She said you had a...common paternity.”
“Vacationing, obviously,” Dean snapped, filling a large cup with black coffee and a tap of milk for Cas. He’d kill for an Irish version of his own, but he’d sworn off drinking the night he very nearly punched his damn doctor out, and intended to stick to it. Besides Sam, Cas, was the best thing to ever happen to him, and he deserved way, way better than how Dean had been treating him for the past year.
“I know you love those guys. I know I have never seen you happier, or more relaxed, or more at ease with
“Take—it—” Crowley roared, fighting the needle down toward Sam’s throat, “you’re a useless filth anyway. I’m the only reason you’re still breathing!”
“What the hell other is there?” Dean barked. There was muffled swearing, and then another voice came through.
“It’s our first year sober,” Cas reminded him. “It should be a celebration.” He decided not to mention that Dean had been spoiling Sam all their lives. Christmases had always consisted of whatever Dean could steal, or scrape money together for, and now that he was employed, Cas knew it gave him enormous pride to be able to buy Sam anything he could ever want or need.
“Ving Rhames,” Sam corrected. Outside, they heard the sirens grow louder and halt abruptly, signaling the arrival of help. Andy tugged harder on his friend’s shirt.
Snot ran into his mouth and coated his sleeves when he tried to wipe it. His stomach cramped, he shook, and he wailed like a child.
And Goddamn...Gordon was every bit as handsome and strong and intense as Dean remembered him, holding a basket with his favorite after-shave, socks, and some gifts obviously meant for his mother and sister. He was wearing his dark red flannel shirt and no jacket. He never really wore jackets, no matter how cold it got. Mind over matter, Gordon always said. He could smell the sonofabitch across the few feet between them, and it sparked the dark longing that had been the very root of their coupling. From the moment Gordon had bought him a beer, the chemistry between them had practically crackled the air circling their table. They hadn’t made love: they’d had sex, rough and hard and loud and sweaty. Everywhere, at anytime. Even when Gordon was mad and Dean was resentful, they’d worked it out in furious thrusts and groans, like a bad porn.
“I don’t want that,” he said coolly, oddly proud of the flinch that rolled over Sam’s big, kind eyes. “I have to be at the hospital soon.”
Dean held out a hand to his boyfriend and said “Alrighty, Lancelot, come give your poor injured Arthur a hand up, huh?”
“Great. Sorry if I...for, y’know...” he smiled sheepishly. “Sorry. Have a good day. See you tonight, Sam.”
“I’d do anything for Dean,” Sam gushed. “And...for you too, Cas. I haven’t known many people willing to accept us. But you’re—I think of you as my brother. As my family. You can let me support you now and then. You don’t have to always be the strong one. If you needed me, I swear, I’d—”
Cas pretended to be searching for a file, but in reality, he was starting to feel ashamed. Not only was everything Balthazzar saying true, but it was embarrassing that he himself was so transparent—and that he’d taken out his jealousy on Sam, who was doing nothing but trying to care for his elder brother, and make Cas feel included by explaining the best way to do so.
.” No answer. “Sammy, I won’t get mad at you. I won’t get rid of you. And we’re safe, okay? You don’t have to hide with me. Just tell me what’s up.” He dropped his voice, even softer. “Nothing, kiddo—
Like the fact that if he hit the “All On” button the remote, Cas had to reset their DVD player, cable box, and speakers.  Which was
“I’ll pay,” Cas promised, and before Dean could snipe at him, he held up a placating hand. “Insurance can be weird about these things. Good, in-network psychologists and psychiatrists are usually booked up for ages. I don’t want him to be limited. When it comes to his health, Dean, I will write checks the size of the Chrystler building, and I won’t have your pride interfere.”
“We’re just here for a sec. Grab Sam and go,” Andy said, smiling and clearly trying to reel in his over-enthusiastic friend.
his smile. “Sam. I...your message meant a great deal to me. I wanted to come home already. But...Gabriel, and you, convinced me I was right in doing so.”
“Working nights throws me off,” he said, trying hard not to flinch when Sam whirled on him and glared. Dean crossed the kitchen and tossed a casual, manly arm around his shoulders and squeezed.
Cas had, of course, offered to pay for everything, since Sam had no health insurance. He knew that this was Cas’ equivalent of love and support, just as Dean’s had been to break into homes and steal clothes and books; to shoplift from stores to steal pens and pencils and notebooks and calculators.
Dean and Cas set down their baskets. Dean produced the brand new blanket he’d bought especially for treatment—he’d already declared it would be disposed of afterward, part of his environmental correction campaign—one that was green plaid, thick, soft, and amazingly warm.
Back at the apartment, Gabe switched between water and whiskey, and then, finally, sank onto the  couch and muted the news Cas was absorbed in.
And so when Cas left, Dean was turning and unturning and returning bolts and screws that really didn’t need to be adjusted, up until Sam’s sneakers appeared beside him and Sam gave his little throat clearing that always meant ‘I’m here but don’t want to bother you.’ Dean slid out from under his car and grinned.
"Nerves bad?" No answer. "Wanna use?" Sam made a small, futile noise that nearly broke Cas' heart. "Hey," Dean's voice dropped to butter-soft, "c'mon, c'mere. It's okay."
Sam hadn’t had that practice. Dean had learned to restrain himself, not to shout “I told you so!” long ago. It was agonizing, sometimes, knowing his brother would land on his face, but he’d learned the lesson all parents had to: knowledge and wisdom could only come from experience.
Sam had his Gatorade and Dean had a Pepsi and they dimmed the lights and ate on the floor like they had as kids, watching a stupid movie about a football and cheerleading squad stuck on a stranded bus getting attacked by unnamed monsters. Sammy was laughing at Dean’s indignant shouts, and eating like he had a real appetite, and Dean felt so warm and complete for the first time in so long, it was hard to even think of Cas.
“He’s not a witness in mock-court. He was a perfectly nice man who you badgered and humiliated, and you embarrassed Dean
"Alright, alright," he murmured, rocking his howling brother. "Go on, let it go. We gotcha." Cas settled behind them and rubbed slow and easy up Sam's spine, just as he had when Dean woke trembling from dreams he refused to speak of
“It’s the same thing, over and over. Bella was different, Lisa was different, and Gordon—you were going to move in together. You either sleep with sluts or hook up with people like—like—
“Okay.” Sam was clearly lingering. Dean realized the sound of typing had stopped and glanced around to make sure no one was listening.
is the real world, Cas! Get out of your Ivory Tower and walk around. There’s no justice for people like Sam and me. Not unless we make our own.”
“Currently I’m the one of the resident Emergency Physicians and Associate Surgeons at the Kansas City Melbourne Medical Centers.” Gordon wilted slightly. “But, of course, I hope you haven’t heard of me. Maybe you’ve heard of my Father? Or the rest of the family. The Morgans have a tremendous stake in United States and international healthcare. My father runs the best research hospitals in the country, and my brothers and the family have frequently been featured in Forbes, Time, Newsweek, and as experts in wealth, healthcare, and politics on popular news shows. Michael, Lou, Ralphael, or Gabriel Morgan?”
“And like I always say. You want to dump Grumpy Grandpa, I will have you in Vegas by midnight.” Dean grabbed the basket in its began digging through, grinning ear to ear. Bobby stood in the doorway still, hands in his pockets, looking as tough and grizzly as ever, but Cas could see the bags under his eyes and the slight slump in his shoulders, and knew it was more than the hangover.
“Watch this,” Dean said, and poked Cas. Cas bolted upright like he’d been electrocuted, eyes staring straight in front of him.
“Only my mother, when I was barely three. Don’t you recognize my exaggerated nature as a man desperate to find unconditional love?”
Cas swallowed. He doesn't know how to deal with this--he wonders if he should have tried. "I talked to him not twenty minutes ago, at the end of my shift. He's just fine.”
“Who, Ansem? Not to tell you who your friends should be, but that guy is bad news. Spends ten minutes going on about ‘his story,’ and how well he was doing until ‘his disease’ made him relapse. ‘My disease made me steal, my disease made me use, my disease made me beat my Mom and sister. That jerk hit is
Sam thought she was sweet enough. She’d given him his job back after he’d crawled out of Rosemount. And told him she’d try and get him a raise in the next few months.
“I kinda think...she could be the one, you know? Don’t laugh,” Andy pleaded. He was fully blushing now, and smiling shyly. “She makes me
They stopped for pizza on the way home. Dean ordered one with spinach and broccoli and peppers—Sam’s usual health parade. As much as he’d teased him before the addition, it relieved him to see Sammy reengaging with good nutrition and his own physical, as well as mental, well-being.
“No.” Sam blushed. “I don’t want to...show off. I just...wanted to...show I was willing. I was working.”
“I was joking,” Anna said gently, her small, but warm smile gracing her features. Cas was embarrassed to say it always made him blush. “You’re off the clock, Cas. Though great work on both of them. Mrs. Taylor is...well. Like I said. Wish we could get rid of her sooner.”
“The medical treatment won’t stick if you’re not honest about everything you’ve done while you were using, own up to it, and work on all the residual and underlying psychology.” Missouri leaned forward. “And don’t you talk to me about taking away anything.
Dean stared at the sun hitting the dark blue carpet on the floor of their room. It’d been one of the few colors he’d agreed on. Growing up, everything had been beige. For Cas, everything had been full of explosions of intense reds and purples and yellows and greens—the latest “must-haves” for the season. He’d longed for neutrals. Dean
"Your bro's a great student. Have you seen him take that highway? He rides it like it's an open sea. No near misses. Well, since--"
, dumbass," Dean scrubbed his brother's head. "Not all kid brothers would wait on me hand and foot. Or drop everything and rush to the ER because their idiot big brother had to get a few stitches."
“He’s a totally different person! I mean, he’s always been a geek, and fussy, and stubborn, but now he’s—
“She can go zero to one-twenty in fifteen seconds!” Gabe shouted over the wind rushing through the open windows (Cas had forced him to put the top up). He peeled off his chauffer’s cap and propped his knees up, unbuttoning the gray coat to reveal he was shirtless beneath.
“Sam, you haven’t slept. You won’t eat. You drink coffee like it’s water. And your nerves are shot.”
my full attention. And for the record,” she had scooted back on her rolling chair and opened up her drawer. “I’ve got your file, and you can see it any time. It’s a whole lot of numbers and codes for the insurance company. I’m not going to write your secrets and call you some evil cretin behind your back.”
. And it’s what I’ve admired most about you all our lives. So the hell you’re gonna tell me you’re throwing in the towel now.” He grabbed his shoulders and squeezed, hard. “You will get through this.
And if it took a few punches...well...they felt no heavier than a kiss, if it meant he could know one tiny
Cas could tell Alan didn’t want to chase them off. Cas also knew rules were rules, and Sam would never get better if they didn’t follow them. Even if it hurt. It would never hurt him, after all, as much as it would hurt the Winchesters.
Dean rubbed his forehead as Cas pulled his car out of the Rosemount parking lot and headed back toward town. “Are you alright?” he chanced.
“This dumbass Priest called CPS. We were crashing at his. I should have gotten us the hell out of there, but I hadn’t slept while Dad was on his bender, and by the time I was up it was too late.”
“It was a frightening one.” Cas smiled when Sam looked up. “I was officially living with your brother, twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. I know you alone can empathize.”
“Unlike you two, I don’t have time to have a full meal on my shift. I’ll be lucky to grab a sandwich.”
“Had ‘em on speaker the whole time,” Ash said. In the distance, a siren started. “Goddamn man. That—”
That was twelve-days of no visitors, no phone calls, no e-mails. Twelve days of sweating and screaming and sneezing and scratching, nurses helping him eat and bathe and use the bathroom, doctors monitoring his vitals and issuing restraints, when necessary.
Sam lost his battle with tears and sobbed as he hadn’t since collapsing on the street. Dean laid himself along the other side of the bed, gently nudging Sam over, tucked his knees into the back of Sam's, rested one warm, strong arm over his head and wound the other over his torso, stretching silently when Sam seized his fingers and pulled the hand down against his own heart, bumping over the amulet. Just like when they were kids, and Sam was sick, or hurt, or freezing cold, or scared. Just like when Jess died, and the grief would slam him so hard he'd thought he'd die from the racking sobs in his stomach. Just like he'd longed for when he'd fled Crowley.
"Don't henpeck me," Dean chided, grabbing a nearby chair and swinging it close to his own. "You're grinning like a school girl. The both of you."
Sam felt dizzy. None of the faces were Dean’s, exactly: they all varied in shape, size, and features. He couldn’t care less. “How much?”
Sam hovered by Dean’s bed for a moment. “I’ll...I’ll be back. Today. Soon, really. And if you need me to come back sooner—”
Cas obeyed. They were downstairs in under five minutes, Dean already starting the car by the time Cas flung himself into the passenger seat. “In the dorms, you said?”
Dean closed his eyes. These were the worst moments for him—the ones where he just wanted to ride to the rescue, have his brother by his side, keep him against him where he could be sure he was safe. Missouri, Cas, Alan, and everyone else had pointed out that part of this problem all along was that they had no coping mechanisms outside of one another, which meant if one wasn’t well, the other went down just as hard and fast.
“I don’t feel good,” Sam mumbled. Cas knew he wanted to sound casual, but he sounded all of six—sad and scared and exhausted all at once.
Three sharp knocks came at the door. “Hey! Sorry to interrupt.” A short, smiling boy with dark hair and a ridiculously too-big overshirt stood in the doorway holding a clipboard. “I’m here for...Sam, right?” Sam nodded. “So, now that you’re a MS2 you get to do the fun stuff. Tonight’s movie night. We got Gladiator on high-def. I’m here to find out what kind of Pop-Tarts you like.” He flipped through a couple pages on his clipboard. “We got Cherry, Strawberry—which c’mon, we know they’re the same—S’mores, and Apple-Cinnamon. You can put your order in now but I’m telling you, if you want the S’mores get there early, because they’ll get eaten whether you’ve got dibs or not. I can try and save you some, unless you want one of the red guys. No one likes Apple-cinnamon, right?” he smiled.
“Wait ‘till you try this out,” Dean said, draping it over his brother’s shivering frame. “Cas was practically rolling around it in like an overgrown cat.”
Sometimes, when he’s shivering and shaking and clearly under the influence, he begs them not to let him go.
Sam spent most all of his weekends with them. If he didn’t, it was usually because he had scheduled shifts at the bookstore, and then he made a special effort to spend at least one night during the week at theirs. He frequently came by for dinner, sometimes with friends, sometimes on his own, and sometimes he just met them at restaurants, and he spoke to Dean daily, often several times, even if he
They’re kind, and polite, and explain that they need to interview him privately. Cas touches his back and Sam gets to his feet and then sinks back in to his chair and
might affect others had certainly never crossed his mind. And yet, his friend was right: this wasn’t just about him and Sam and Dean.
“Don’t ‘please’ me. Just—shutup, alright? You’re getting new shoes, and we’re not calling Cas. I don’t
Sam just stared at the floor. “Thank you,” he mumbled. Alan frowned and cast a brief, meaningful glance at Dean and Cas.
The man pulled out a small pink plastic tongue depressor and hand sit over the small bag. Sam’s hands shook so much he can barely un-knot the twisty. It really is only a tiny bit, barely a hit, but he guesses that’s the point.
, buddy.” He pulled Sam into a hug once more, let his brother cling. “I’ll stay right here. Whether it’s an hour or two or ninety. Doesn’t matter. I’ll stay awake and make sure you don’t get stuck in a nightmare.”
“Yeah. Yeah, it’s fine. It’s just...” Sam didn’t know what to say. He just didn’t want to sit with all this on his own.
“Sometimes I wish I wasn’t. Sometimes I wish I’d gone you’re way, and had a family, and—” she halted, and smiled, again, warmly. “Your party was wonderful. I hope you’ll consider inviting me back.”
Sam gasped without meaning to. Dean’s voice dropped to a warm murmur. “Sammy...talk to me. C’mon. Tell me where you are. I’ll come get you.”
“Thanks.” Beside him, Sam whimpered. Dean hushed him. Cas’ hand tightened on his shoulder.  “I hate this. I hate that I can’t fix it.”
“Good,” Cas assured him. “Thinking about going back to school. Part-time, first, to be sure he can handle it.”
their renewed affection, and the happiness it brought them both. When they’d first met Cas, he clearly mistook their banter for fighting, and frequently attempted to intervene. Now that he knew more about Cas’ background, it was clear how little, if
Cas dutifully got the larger plates out of the cabinets while Sam trotted over to the fridge. If this had been a Morgan family morning, the shouting would have started. If this had been another family, maybe he would have had to make a long speech apologizing, accepting, professing his recent realizations. If Dean had been another man, maybe he would have kissed him, reassured him, promised him he’d stay. If Sam had been another brother, maybe he would have snapped at Dean, rolled his eyes, given attitude, or been resentful that Cas had appeared in the kitchen like he belonged after walking out on them.
Cas rubbed absently at Dean’s shoulder for a moment. “Dean...you’re not thinking of jail-breaking Sam out of Rosemount, right?”
“Kali, meet my brother, Cas. Cas, this is Kali. She’s the founder and President of the Rubin Museum and on the boards of MOMA and the Met, and pretty much a consultant to every other major New York City cultural institution.”
Dean's face softened. "I know that. Sam will too." Cas nodded. "Hey--don't take it personally. Please? I'm the one that screwed up. I didn't care enough about myself. Thought it was selfless but I ended up just hurting me and Sam all the worse. I swore I'd try harder."
With Sam upstairs, and Cas puttering, nothing seemed right. Dean was their bond : without him, Cas felt lost as to how to lead, to comfort, his younger friend.
“Hi guys,” he said, smiling. Dean stopped short, disbelief fading to joy. Cas smiled and laid a reassuring hand on his brother’s shoulder. “I thought...we could eat in the cafeteria tonight.”
It was a lie and it hurt, Cas could tell. But it was more than the younger Winchester had given him since he’d met. Cas had long ago learned to take what was available. Morgans trafficked it.
But he loved them--both of them. In that horrid, hopeless, helpless way of all the movies Dean hates. He wants to be a great brother to Sam as much as he wants to be a great partner to Dean. He's terrified he won't manage as either.
“I hope you don’t mind,” Jessica rushed in, nudging Sam toward the booth. “We ordered water and an appetizer sampler for the table. Sam here ‘forgot’ to eat lunch.
Sam felt a muscle in his jaw jump. He was quiet the rest of the drive back to their on-campus apartment. Once home, Jess ordered him to unzip the back of her dress, then quickly pulled away when he tried to kiss the back of her neck. Twenty minutes later Rebecca arrived, gave him a killer glare, and vanished into the bedroom. Sam slumped on the sofa with a beer and watched infomercials on low while the girls’ voices drifted out from under the door.
"We'll help you," Cas promised. His boyfriend met this eyes. Cas spoke stronger. He may not be able to do much but damnit, he could say this. "We love you, Sam."
“Why do you think I send them champagne on the hospital’s budget every Christmas?” Anna chuckled, blowing into a spoonful of soup. “So. Other than work, is everything alright?”
Gabe put his hands out. “Here’s Dean,” he said, holding up an index finger. “Here’s Dean being taken to jail,” he bobbed the finger away. “Now, this?” he used his middle-finger to indicate Sam’s height, “is baby brother. Crying wee wee wee aaaaaaall the way to the cops.”
“It’s her own take on a hot-pocket, but with pie. And, other than the lives of Sammy and Cas and my baby, they’re the only things on Earth I’d go to war to save.”
“He said...’look, Sammy, there’s a clown on the cover. It can’t be bad.’” Sam chuckled at the memory. “I was literally sitting in his lap halfway through.”
“I don’t speak Italian, smartass. I just know it’s damn good.” He tossed his brother a wink and pulled out a plastic container of soup, a roll, a small pack of butter, and his sandwich. “And for the professional health nut of the family: a hummus and veggie wrap and a large black coffee. Because never sleeping is what makes the heart grow stronger.”
“I’m not lying! I’ll be fine. Let’s just pretend it didn’t happen, okay? You can bring him by and I’ll be fine. I just need to know, that’s all. It was just me being crazy. That’s it.”
“I’d like to be,” Cas said gently. It was scary saying it: and eerily similar to something he’d said to Dean, ages ago, when Dean had shoved him playfully and grinned, clearly flirting
“Dean,” Cas interjected, stepping forward. “It’s alright.” He held out a hand to the older man. “My name is Cas Morgan. I’m a friend of your sons’.”
But here, with an ill Dean, Sam was all business. He watched over his brother’s machines, dabbed down his face, held his hand, rubbed his arm, talked to him softly, put the TV on stations he thought he’d like. His clear adoration and determination stirred a strange resentment in Cas, a feeling that this was his role the younger Winchester was stealing, but, even if it
Gabriel frowned slightly but left it alone as they walked out into the parking lot. “Check it!” he said happily, stopping in front of a bright yellow Lexus convertible. “Only five hundred in the world, and Paris Hilton is cruising around in a white model.”
“Ferguson,” Balthazar scolded, rolling his eyes. “McCloud here is a highly successful financier,” he explained.
he felt having nothing, no one. All his plans, his drive and focus, the world he’d thought he’d lived in, was
; despite their differences, the Winchester brothers were unquestionably the closest and best of friends. But this was different.
“Therapy. Missouri said, and I quote, that if she didn’t see his ass in her office today she was going to kick him back a good twelve steps.”
!” Dean hollered. “He held a gun on him! And he knows our last name and address! He’s got millions, we got shit!
“Yeah. Great date-night,” Dean said sarcastically. Sam took a seat on his bed and seemed to wilt. Dean grinned, as if he hadn’t noticed, and thumped him on the shoulder. “So, what do you say? Up for a walk? Did you eat yet?”
“Yeah, he’s fine. His lawyer’s are spewing crap about him being the victim and multiple assailants, but the Times says he’ll be out before we know it. Hear that? When a city in the Midwest makes the Sunday Times, the shit has hit the fan.”
“No, no, it was no big deal. I only learned one of my good friends was, in fact, a thief, fraud, dealer, and conman, and chose to confide such information in you. It’s not like I’d hope you’d be a sounding board or anything. God forbid I interrupt your weekend.”
“You ever heard of a suppository, Sam? Cause if you don’t take your meds, you’re risking your heart, and Alan can’t have that while you’re in his care. And believe me, I’ve seen him administer them, and it ain't pretty.”
“That’s not looking out for Dean. If Cas was a big a jerk as Gordon, you just drove him all the faster into his arms.”
“One sec bro, I can’t see a damn—ha!” His head poked through the top. “I’ve been enlighted! Holy crap, Cas, give me the damn wheel,” he spun them into the left lane amidst another storm of honking, and then back in front of the car they’d nearly hit. His shirt now gathered around his neck like a scarf while his knees resumed steering once more and he struggled with the sleeves. Cas’ heart was racing. He remembered, long ago, when Sam first began having panic attacks, sitting beside the younger man, placing a gentle hand over his heart and another at  his back, walking him through diaphragmatic breathing. He rather wished he could remember what he’d told him right then.
“Little over two days. Don’t worry, it’s normal. They gave you the super-drugs. All courtesy of Anna. She and Cas have been all over it.” Sam smiled.
look out for you. And put you first. And protect you, no matter what. I carried you out of that house when it was in flames, and I will carry you out of every other fire through your life. I promise you.” His eyes filled. “I love you, kid.”
“Sure.” Sam’s stomach rolled. He wanted, badly, to tell Dean about Ruby, to hear his reassurance. But hearing Dean and Cas teasing one another, he could
“I’m not sure,” he admitted. “I don’t want to seem insensitive by making reservations at a bar. I also don’t want to deny him the best hamburger around because I assume he’ll relapse.”
Sam slowly rubbed his elder brother’s fingers with this thumb, one after the other. “When we were kids,” he murmured, “we were so scared of CPS. They broke us up before, you know. We met this Priest, Jim—a Pastor, actually—and he really wanted the best for us. And he had a legal and moral obligation and all that, but he called in the state. And we were in these massive group homes, apart, for a couple weeks. Dean actually broke out—took off and made his way to me. I don’t even know how he knew where I was. But he got us home. And we lied. We told them we loved our Dad and he looked after us. And of course, our Dad lied too.” He smiled, ever-so-slightly. “There were times, you know, when Dad would stop. He’d swear up and down that he was sorry, that things would be different, that he’d never drink again, that he’d be there, that he loved us. Dean always fell for it, but I wouldn’t. If it weren’t for Missouri and my whole mess...I don’t think I’d ever have
“I’m Cas. It’s very nice to meet you, Jessica,” he’d said, standing straight and shaking her hand firmly. He tried hard to not to stare, but he hadn’t been prepared for just how stunning she was: tall, blonde, with bright eyes and a sweet smile, she was one of the most beautiful women he’d ever seen outside of a catalogue.
“M’sorry,” he whimpers, and wishes, suddenly, for Cas. Cas’ calm, authoritvate explanations always helped reinforce Dean’s comfort. And, though he knew his elder brother would die before admitting it, he knew it helped Dean tremendously to not have to shoulder the emotional burden alone.
Cas didn’t answer. He ran his hand over the yellow paint and thought of the Impala’s black front, soft leather seats, and Dean’s obsessive need to ensure her wellbeing. And yet, Cas bet he’d have driven her into McCloud if the opportunity had presented.
Cas had thoroughly enjoyed the movie and loved the food. Dean hadn’t complained through it all. It was stupidly self-sacrificing and utterly endearing, and Cas was going to find the best bacon cheeseburger in driving distance, cost be damned.
“You’re taking care of him,” Cas reminded him. “That’s what he needs.” Sam whimpered again, kicked at the covers, and rolled away from Dean. The elder Winchester reached over and rubbed his brother’s back until he quieted.
Cas took the opportunity to check his charts and make sure his current patients were being seen by other physicians. Sam took the opportunity to make his Rosemount calls and speak with Ava, his manager at the book store. When Cas drifted back Sam was rubbing absently at his brother’s arm, eyelids heavy once more. Cas was used to operating on little to no sleep for long stretches: Sam wasn’t. Especially since recovery, where his sleep schedule was rigid and defined.
“It’s better than I remember,” Sam moaned, chasing a bit of chocolate through the melted vanilla milk at the bottom of his dish.
to help him. And you and everyone here just want to keep him locked up and me guessing all the millions of thousands of things, I did wrong!”
“Sam Winchester, you look at me.” Sam reluctantly raised his eyes. Missouri’s gaze was soft: her smile, warm. “I get you don’t want to say whatever it is in group. But it’s just you and me here, honey. I’ve heard it all and then some.”
“Good,” he grumbled, hand scratching absently against his brother’s head. “You and Sammy...you okay?”
“Yes,” Cas mumbled, as a waiter appeared with their appetizers. Jess ordered a bottle of Pinot Grigio for her and Cas, and Sam and Dean ordered beers.
"Sammy," Dean soothed, "this is what you do. You take care of people. You took care of me after Dad, over and over. You're taking care of me now. Whatever you're feeling, let it go. Just let in what you're good at. Alright?" He raised his voice. “Same goes for you, Cas, you creepy stalker.”
Dean was running down a long hall. White tile under his feet, yellow walls swiping past his vision. Running and running, hearing Sammy cry and cry. He’d promised. He’d
?” Dean’s voice dropped, softening. “Sammy, whatever it is, I’m not gonna get mad. If he was a dealer or something—“
They stood on either side of him at the funeral and, night after night, they sat up: Cas, rubbing his back; Dean, holding and petting his brother's head. In the morning, Dean brought Sam eggs and toast, juice and coffee, and sat with him while he ate.
“Ellen,” Cas said, “I was thinking of getting coffee for myself and some juice for Dean. Would you like to come?”
“Sam, I’m going to say this once. There’s others and there’s you, and whatever I have to do to keep you safe, I’m gonna do, and I’m gonna do it without anyone else’s moaning.”
“You say better off and I will break your nose. Sammy—I’ve lied, cheated, stole, defrauded insurance and credit card companies, hustled pool, broken into homes and businesses. And you can say it was all for you, but if it
“If I come home and you’re decked out in blue and white face paint...that’s it. That’s a kink I’m not willing to try explore.”
“We were having this...’changing moment’ meeting. We were supposed to talk about what made us decide to enter rehab. And I told them getting kicked out of my brother’s house changed my mind.”
“Of course.” Cas grabbed the keyboard and activated the computer, smiling to himself as he did. “I’m forbidden from sharing my password, but we have to change them every few months, so I’ll tell you—it’s ‘SoberSuperbowl2011.’”
Cas thanked the nurse as he handed over a request for tests and a few prescription adjustments. It had been an uneventful shift—even a good one. Patients he had left for the weekend were generally glad to see him, as well as some of the other staff.
“Jesus, kid...stop worrying,” he pleaded, voice cracking. “I’m your Dad before I’m anything. Christ, I’m not
“Sammy’s always come through for me,” Dean said in that slow, no-nonsense tone that they knew meant the conversation was over.
Cas thought of Dean crying in his arms until late in the night, roiling in guilt at having had to leave his physically ill, emotionally fragile brother alone, and can't, for the life of him, grasp where Sam gets these ideas.
Dean tried to smile, but his own eyes were wet. Sam forced himself to sit up, hard as it was, and wrapped his arms around Dean, pressing his face to his brother’s chest, hearing his heart beat, feeling the rise and fall of each steady, solid breath, feeling the amulet he’d given Dean so many, many years ago bump lightly against his forehead. Dean rested a hand firmly on his back while the other stroked his hair.
, not to rush to his brother and try and fix it all. The greatest gift he could give Sam was leaving him to fend for himself: Cas had explained that to him. And, though it was driving him mad, he was slowly beginning to accept that he had had a part to play in all this, and he was going to have to own it from afar.
“If it’s not a bother—” Peter said, at the same time Fitzgerald said “Delighted!” Balthazar cast a withering ‘behave’ glance in his friend’s direction and, for the first time in years, Cas felt himself stiffen, pride and anger boiling. Who were these two to decide that Cas and Dean were the children, unaccustomed to their ‘sophisticated’ ways? He’d put up with that attitude years ago because, being the youngest, he’d had to. And since, he’d, on occasion, put up with it out of Dean when it came to dealing with Sam, or Sam when it came to dealing with Dean, because Winchesters would be Winchesters. And it had paid off, as he’d seen with their loyalty.
“Atta boy,” she said proudly. Dean instantly sat back in a huff, crossing his arms, jealousy all over him. Cas laid a light hand on his boyfriend’s arm and got knocked away. He tried with all his might not to chuckle. “So,” Missouri huffed. “What do you two have to say about this?”
Sam was sitting up, in sweats, a t-shirt, hoodie, socks, and sneakers, all put on by himself. He’d showered. He’d brushed his teeth. He’d forced himself to get up and go to the nurse’s station for meds, instead of having them be brought in.
“Sam...when you were very ill, I promised you that, no matter what, I would care for you. I know with...McCloud...I should have been better. But I promise you now, if ever anything should
, Cas. We run into you and Dean at a bar. Sam runs off like the devil’s after him, Dean’s ready to burn the city down, and a few days later, Fitzgerald McCloud ends up beaten in an alley, and it’s revealed he was a drug dealer who lured minors and the homeless into sexual encounters in exchange for drugs. And not twenty-four hours later, you’re on the East Coast. You really think I didn’t guess?”
“I know. And it sucks.” Gabe clapped him on the shoulder so hard it hurt. “But you know what? It makes me feel better. Because that means your decision to hang out in Bumblefuck doesn’t mean you’re unprotected. Dean’s gonna look out for you, same as he’s looking out for Sam. And he’s not gonna lie and say he’ll do anything and not follow through.”
.” Dean’s hand moved in his hair. “Listen to me. Clean slate—I forgive you, you forgive me. We do this together. Huh? We’ve done everything else together, we do this too.” He pulled Sam’s forehead close to his own and stroked his head. “You and me, bud. Okay?”
water-bong I have, and then I’d do a line or two and go get their lobster nachos and jumbo coconut shrimp. One time—” the smile abruptly fell off his face. “Wow...everyone here looks like they want to cry or kill me. Except you,” he said, turning to Dean. “You are full-on committed to killing me. You’re just trying to decide how.”
. He was on edge. He drank a lot more. And he kept trying to make sure we agreed with everything out of Gordon’s mouth. Like, if we didn’t, he’d get in trouble for it later.”
“I know. I’m so sorry, baby,” Dean whispered, breathing out soothingly over Sam’s hair as the world dissolved under him once more. “Look at me,” he said firmly, pulling away to cup his brother’s face. “I want you to take one of Cas’ pills, okay?”
“Whoa, Sammy. One at a time, huh?” Dean  looked at his younger brother warmly. “How about that ice?”
He spent the rest of the night watching Dean’s temperature make a slow, valiant climb back to normal. He spoke with the duty nurses, with Anna—who’d forsaken her precious few hours at home in order to make sure Dean was looked after—and briefly with Ellen, who explained that Bobby had stumbled in around midnight smashed drunk and was trying to open a beer bottle with his teeth, but as soon as he was sober they’d be by to help out.
Around ten, Cas muted the television, ordered Sam to take his valium, dimmed the lights, and tossed a blanket over his friend’s shoulders. Sam grumbled something Cas was fairly certain involved himself and a very unpleasant use of the remote control, but it didn’t take long before the younger Winchester was listing, eyelids drooping, arms sagging limply against the plastic hospital chair.
An obnoxious, animated ring-tone interrupted their conversation. Anna reached into her white jacket pocket and spoke briefly into her phone with a clipped “Anna Milton...of course...I’ll be right there.”
“Yes, I know. Sam and Dean can’t zip up their flies or change their own diapers. I’ve heard the stories, I’ve sent the gift baskets, and I’ve covered your shifts. Maybe I made a mistake in thinking that made us a little more than colleagues.”
“Yeah. But it’s not helping. I don’t want to up my meds or take a yoga class. I just...want to have a degree and know that I did it, and I mostly did it clean. And then...we’ll see.”
Dean changed and came bounding down the steps two at a time, so proud of himself he could barely contain himself. Sam smiled at him.
Sam smiled. Andy was usually relaxed and mild-mannered, and made an effort to get along with everyone. Watching him attack Ansem in group was actually pretty funny.
“You hang tight,” he repeated, tucking the small face inside his brother’s palm. Sam nodded, and even managed a little smile. Dean patted Sam’s pillow and adjusted the blanket over him as he lay back. Cas snatched up the stuffed monkey that had fallen to the floor and placed it next to Sam’s chest.
Sam reached over and squeezed his friend’s shoulder, grabbed up his backpack, and shut the van’s door. Andy called “remember to wave!”, meaning to come to the front window and let him know he was in safely and everything was fine. After Sam had inadvertently ingested heroine stashed in a saltshaker by three—since banned—housemates, Andy always wanted to make sure he was in and felt safe before he pulled away.
“He wasn’t!” Sam nearly shouted. “He wasn’t, I’ve never seen him before. He was a friend of Cas’ and I got nervous, that’s all. I’ve never seen him before or since. I don’t know his real name and he doesn’t know mine.”
“He’s more the...snipe and run,” Sam said carefully, thinking of the few times Cas had given him a verbal smack-down. They always stung. And Cas was always so sorry afterward. Missouri had deduced, rightfully, that Cas hadn’t been allowed to express his anger or frustrations to anyone growing up, and learning how to do so constructively—without falling into the violent outbursts his brothers frequented—was an ongoing issue for him, one that they all needed to be patient with and help him feel safe when he
Sam couldn’t help but grin, even as he felt an ache in his chest. Andy and his Dad had always reminded him of himself and Dean: to outsiders, the barbs they exchanged could seem life-scarring, but to them, it was their own way of expressing affection. At the same time, he could remember times of his own father being well, being
“When I was about six or seven, I told my family I wanted to investigate UFOs,” Cas said. Dean’s eyebrows shot skyward. Sam glanced at him in that ‘I’m interested but won’t admit it’ way. “My Father told me to stick to what was known—stick with science. I found physics and chemistry rather dull. Biology, quite fascinating. But English—even if I was never good at interpreting the stories, I loved hearing them. Politics, science, religion, mathematics—all was the same for our ancestors. Sometimes I wish we’d remember that in our ‘specialized’ fields.”
“So,” Andy’s Dad said. “Santa’s brining you new Reeboks, a bunch of geeky books, some jewelry from the ‘tobacco’ store...”
“Sam,” he murmured, “Dean just ran to get us coffee. He’ll be back in a minute. He’s been waiting all last night and all this morning to come see you.”
Dean nodded, than struggled to clear his throat and gathered up the coffees and a Gatorade for Sam. “Let’s roll credits on this chick flick,” he mumbled. “Ellen scares me when we keep her waiting.”
Dean and Cas decided to take the rest of the week off, and they spent it trying to establish some type of routine, for Sam’s sake.
“The hell he didn’t. You boys are a pair of dumb sonofabitches, but he ain’t gonna find anyone out there more loyal. Seems to me he hasn’t had much of that in his life.”
put a roof over your head and something other than poison in your veins. You don’t like it, sign yourself out AMA and hit the bricks.”
Sam launched himself forward and nearly knocked Dean backwards as he wrapped his arms around him. Dean held him back, tightly, with a whispered “whoa, whoa, easy does it.” And then a lower, softer, “I gotcha, Sammy.” Missouri got quietly to her feet and made a “c’mere” gesture to Cas, who followed her just outside the room.
Cas had finished unpacking his duffel, showered, and dressed in a t-shirt and jeans while Dean had run Sam to work. Cas had offered to, but when Dean waved him off, he’d managed to pull the young man aside and thank him for his message.
“Your brother,” the woman said as she shook Cas’ hand, “prides himself in being one of the only people living who can make me laugh And one of four people on Earth I allow to call me Kali.”
“Screw you,” Sam grumbled, but couldn’t bring himself to look mad. He sighed, contently, looking around at the petting zoo, the cow pasture, the dairy barn, and the ice-cream shop. Added to that had been a pumpkin patch, hay jump, “General Store,” and craft shop. What had been a small dairy farm with an ice-cream shop and seasonal corn maze was now a little tourist village. “Man...I haven’t thought of this place in years.”
Sam pulled on socks, but didn’t bother sliding out of his sweats. Andy had seen him at his sickest, sweatiest, smelliest, and weakest at Rosemount: he didn’t need to hide behind real clothes.
"I know, buddy. I know. Shhh," Dean murmured, petting his brother's head as the younger man shook. "We know. Me and Cas got you. Everything's going to be okay."
Cas took off around the corner and Dean backed up to take the reins of the cart. Gardland, fake berries, colored lights, dozens of decorations: yeah, it was Christmas as Dean had never done it, and as he and Sam had never
“Why don’t we have Showtime? Did anyone get the mail? How am I gonna shower? Cas, when do I get a pill? Did Jay bring my car back? Someone get me a hot-pie! Cas, can we order HBO? Someone check my e-mail! Sam, where did you put my phone? Why haven’t we gotten barbecue this week!”
“If you have questions, you can call me. I’ll probably be in the beginning of your sessions from time to time. Physically, though, I promise you Sam’s on the mend. Anytime you want to see his charts, Dr. Morgan, I can make those available, pending Sam’s permission.” He smiled warmly. “And please, both of you, call me Alan. Sam does. It’s best if everyone here is on a first name basis.”
Cas had been dead silent, actually. He’d been using the time he wasn’t needed to try and construct the most diplomatic way of saying what he had to.
“The hell I can’t,” Bobby grumbled. He awkwardly held out the stack of magazines. “Bought you some entertainment, kid.”
without the audience or fear of one, like he’d been able when they were young. It didn’t matter how many people they had in their lives—paid or unpaid. There were times when Sam just needed Dean and Dean just needed Sam, and, for the moment, he hated anyone who was an interloper on their private little life.
Winchester,” he snapped, eyes narrowing toward Dean. Dean glared back, while Sam looked between the two of them, looking both baffled and hurt.
“I’ll keep you around awhile longer,” Dean grinned. “Night, Sammy. If you need anything, just holler for Cas.”
“Guys, girls—it doesn’t matter. It’s the same personality type, Dean. They mean well on the outside, but they store up everything and anything they can use against you and they
When they were still sharing a room, if Dean had a nightmare, or was aching from a few blows from a drunken Dad, or had caught a bug or cold, he could always count on Sammy dragging the quilt off his own bed and padding across the space between them before burrowing into Dean’s back with a mumbled “I’m cold,” or “I don’t feel good,” or “Dean, I had a dream.”
“Dude,” Dean snapped, indignant. “Did your Mom give you bad Kool-Aid as a kid?” Sam and Cas tensed, but Andy just smiled.
Her voice hitched. Sam tried to touch her arm but she yanked away. “No! No one else gets to tell me what the ‘right’ way is. This is what works for me. And I’m gonna get Fitzgerald off the hook. And we’ll make sure your brother pays.”
“Thank you so much, doctor,” she sighed, and tugged her son’s hand. “Come on, honey. Daddy ordered pizza.”
finishing his rounds, and all the magazines spread carefully out on the table before him featured celebrities he either didn’t know or didn’t
Sam couldn’t sleep. Either the valium wasn’t strong enough to combat his nerves after the past few days, or he’d adjusted to it. Alan and Missouri had warned him he’d build a tolerance, but Sam didn’t want to up his dose. He wanted to be off meds all together. As a kid, drugs usually meant Dean shoplifting, and so Sam had learned to hide his aches and pains and fevers and soldier on without any extra boosts so he wouldn’t sully his brother’s criminal record.
As if hearing his thoughts, Cas’ hand stilled, a firm palm on his back. “I’m not leaving again. No matter what you tell me. I know more, now, about what that man did, than I understood before I left. I thought it was just Sam he’d used. And Sam was willing. So I didn’t see why—”
To Dean’s credit, he left it at that. For a bit. The three of them watched a movie and went upstairs without a fight; Sam in the guestroom: Dean, refusing to change and instead charging down to his brother's room room fully clothed.
Dean wasn’t a cuddler. Neither was Cas. But this was the moment Dean’s hand was supposed to rest on his chest. Or his arm was to circle his waist.
The Winchester brothers are in bed when he gets home, Dean holding Sam protectively. Cas watches them for a few moments, thinks how wrong it is for all three of them to be here, like this, and goes to bed, alone, once more.
“Well I think it’s actually Mark or something, but we all call him Flood. Here’s our exit!” he swooped hard to the right, causing more horns and a screech of brakes. Cas put his face in his hands and groaned.
Bobby gave her a ‘do I have to?’ look. Ellen jerked her head toward Sam. Bobby rolled his eyes: Ellen narrowed hers. He sighed, reached behind him, and wrestled something from under his shirt.
“MIA, per the usual.” Gabe grinned to lighten the sting that left on both of them and tossed an arm around his brother’s shoulders. “Damn it’s good to see you back here. The boys good?”
“He could have killed you. He could have given you HIV or God knows what else.” He whirled on Missouri. “Did you think of that? Did you order tests for him?”
“This is not your fault. Whatever crap Cas has to work through, let him work through it on his own.”
“Your little brother puke,” Sam mumbled, cracking the lid of the container and stirring with his plastic spoon. “There’s rice.”
“If I could go back in time, I’d be with Dean in that alley,” his breath hitched. “Sam. You’re a brother to me. I won’t leave you and Dean again. I mean it. I’ve told him, I’m telling you. Forgive me.”
“Because I wanted a home, and a family, that didn’t care about my past,” he’d confessed. “Because I wanted to be more than my father’s creation.”
“You’re Papa Bear now, is that it? You sure it’s me you’re mad at? After all, mate. I was the one sustaining him while you were encouraging your doctor to examine your naughty bits.”
happen to Dean, I would stay right here, and you would have me and your home and I would do all I could to provide for you in any way you need.”
“Round and round and round and round the bloody ward goes round,” Balthazar grumbled and stalked away.
“No. That’s all. We won’t speak of it further. Not now.” He turned the TV up a bit. “It’s the baseball documentary you spoke of. We wanted to watch this, remember?” Sam stared at the TV and started to sob. Cas put a careful arm around and guided his head down on his shoulder, just like Dean would. “It’s alright,” he soothed, stroking a hand through his hair. “It’s alright, Sammy.”
“No. I need...I’m trying to get my head around this. And I know Dean will come flying and start shouting and looking for someone to hit.”
“It’s okay, Sammy,” he murmured, pulling his forehead close to his brother’s. “It’s okay. We’re alright. See? You said that, and I’m not mad, and I’m not leaving. I’m right here. Shhh,” he murmured, as Sam’s breath hitched. “I’m here, I’m here, I’m right here, Sammy. No one’s gonna hurt us anymore. It’s okay. We’re gonna be okay.” He smiled, smoothed Sam’s hair, met his eyes. “We’re really gonna be okay, little brother.”
Sam: he wanted to think about Dean, look after him and him alone, and not have to worry that Sam’s anxiety and addiction and all-around insanity would get in the way. He felt guilt flood immediately after, knowing it wasn’t all Sam’s fault he was shaky emotionally, and that Dean would be furious if he knew he blamed him.
Sam smiled, and Cas just stared, feeling a sudden, gaping chasm of insecurity bellowing open under his feet. Without Sam to tend to...there was
And it seemed to work. Each time he saw Sam, the younger Winchester warmed to him a bit. He even threw in the occasional “have fun” when Dean told him where he going.
“Which is best?” Andy asked, swaggering down the counter. Sam ignored him. At the very end, almost tagged on as an after-thought, was a tiny charm no larger than his thumbnail, was a somber, serious set golden face with carefully cut eyes, a face that reminded him of Cas’s intense, curious, worrying gaze.
In the guest room—surprisingly plain, with whites and a small flat-screen TV and a dark blue bed-spread, Cas yanked out the pajamas he’d brought before ducking into the shower. He refused to study his face in the mirror and instead dressed quickly, turned off the lights, and yanked back the tightly made sheets.
To Dean’s credit, Cas would later think, he’d left a very large tip after hollering down the Scot, the Brit, and even Cas, all while dropping his card and covering the bill, and, through all the stress, not once, moving toward the bar.
—he knew now he couldn’t let on. Sam was trusting him to carry all the weight he’d previously let the addiction hoist, and if he had to, then so be it. He’d carry anything if it meant Sammy would be alive for a good long while.
“I locate those of your kind—honest people unable to ascertain regular employment, and I facilitate solutions for their little...hangups.”
Cas had no answer for that. And, secretly, he was glad, because he knew Dean didn’t want or expect one. Not from him.
Dean backed out into the street, pointed the car north, and nearly floored it in the direction of his brother’s campus. Only then did he say “in his apartment. Everything’s gone.”
“Bro!” the answering shout came. “I’ve been drinking, but don’t worry! I’m gonna remember this. I’m gonna—gonna write it down. Gonna—I’M TALKING TO MY BROTHER!—I’m gonna—know it. I know it. What’s up?”
She’d said other things, things Ruby had addressed at, all places, their Superbowl party: that sometimes, Dean’s protective nature had smothered him. But that was in his days of being happy, being
As long as he was alive, no one would lay another hand on the brothers Winchester. And if they did, he’d be sure they met whatever feeble justice he could dispense. Consequences be damned.
“I penciled it in. I’ll deal with what I have to after,” Alan said, leading Sam toward the elevator.
But when he opened his mouth to explain this to Sam, he found Sam already there, guiding him to a chair, and filling it in for
," Dean chided. A tear escaped his brother's eye. Dean leaned forward and pulled him into his arms, stroking his hair softly. "I'm going to come back tonight," he murmured, "and I'll bring you dinner and we'll watch the game."
“Because of you, this person will receive top-notch care.” She spoke quickly into the phone, ordering a team assembled, all with the same relaxed, cool confidence he’d always admired. “Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
Gabriel sighed and rested his chin on Cas’ shoulder. “Listen to me, kiddo. I don’t have all the answers. No one does. The system means well—I believe that. But...I don’t think it allows for the love Dean’s trying for. His is a little more than tough--it’s more jungle-like. If the situations were reversed, I’d go to court for you, with lawyers and spokespeople and gorgeous high-def shots of this face, because we have the money and connections and degrees that our word wouldn’t be questioned. Those kids never had that. And...in this case...they may very well have brought someone to justice who never would have seen it otherwise.” Gabe took a slow, painful breath. “For the record...if Kali showed up saying she’d done something like that, for her sister...I’d get it. Maybe it's a big sibling thing. But Cas...you're one of us now. And you're doing great. It's not just Dean that loves you.”
Dean’s rolls, groans, burns with fever. The doctors—his colleagues—strap his arms down so he doesn’t pull himself free of traction. Cas sits dutifully by the bedside, but Sam—Sam leans over his brother, dabbing his forehead, talking softly, telling him everything is fine and not to worry. He stares at the monitors and demands that the nurses and doctors insure his brother isn’t in pain.
“Hero party!” Ash declared, clapping a little too loudly. Sam suddenly, viciously, wanted to be in Dean and Cas’ living room. He wanted quiet and seclusion. He wanted to speak to
“No worries. Not here,” he said, eyes hard on his brother. Sam’s eyes were damp, chest heaving, as he shook his head and looked away.
“I would very much like to go home and shower and possibly sleep for a bit,” Cas said. “So how about, you head home and take as much time as you need with them now, and, when you return, I’ll do the same?”
“C’mon. You can be off the wagon without the boys around.” He nearly skipped behind the long, sleek, black bar with the glittering shelves at the back of the apartment, its leather chairs and wide, marble top glimmering against the red walls and the varied animal print furniture and big, bold paintings. Cas’ eyes drifted over the ridiculous displays as Gabe fussed and finally stood at attention with a grin and glass.
Sam woke, warm and a bit disorientated, head on Dean’s shoulder. The Gremlins were in the movie theater. Cas was fast asleep, head on the arm of the couch, feet on the floor. Dean chuckled lightly at the screen.
Dean didn’t think he’d said it out loud. But Cas’ arm was suddenly around him, and his chest was pressed fast against his back, and cheek was resting on Dean’s head, and he was whispering “it’s alright now. You saved him. Please...tell me.”
Monday didn’t bring Cas and Dean—they’d promised to be by in the evening, during the one or two hours they were allowed, but in the meantime, Sam was on his own.
“S’okay,” he soothed. “It’s okay, Sammy. You’re doing great.  I’m proud of you. I’m proud you’re my brother.”
Cas wasn’t sure what to do. So he busied himself unpacking the magazines Dean had bought, the rock mix tapes he’d recorded himself, the  junk food, and books. He unpacked the sweats and jeans and shirts, toothpaste and toothbrushes and shaving cream, although Alan had told them they were forbidden razors. He lined up the framed photos of the three of them, one of Mary Winchester, and one Cas had taken, of Sam fast asleep with his mouth slightly ajar, slumped on the sofa, head on Dean's shoulder while Dean flipped off Cas and the camera.
“Worst friggin’ four weeks of my life,” Dean grumbled. “You made me sit in the damn bathroom with you while you showered too. Dad definitely thought he was on the way to grandkids with hooves at that point.”
“Alright, kiddo,” Dean soothed, scooting down and slipping an arm over his chest, pulling him close. “You gotta sleep too though, okay?”
In the first few months Cas knew Sam and Dean, the younger Winchester questioned everywhere they went, every time Dean asserted he was spending an evening alone, every one of Cas' on-call shifts. It took that time for Cas to adjust to a brother who truly didn't care if Dean fell for a woman, a man, a transvestite or transsexual, but only cared if he fell for an addict, drug or alcohol, or a controlling, abusive jerk.
When Cas noticed Sam trailing behind his brother, seeming lost and out of place, Dean always acted as if he’d asked Sam to be there—“hand me that wrench, grab a frying pan, dig out the Clorox”—but it was clear his sudden need to be near his brother was anxiety-driven. Cas saw Sam locking, unlocking, and re-locking the doors, checking the windows, pacing and checking until Dean would flop onto the sofa and call “Sammy, get your ass over here!” and get his brother to slump down wearily beside him while his older brother talked their way through whatever he’d found on Cable.
weren’t they making remote controls with pop-out keyboards like his damn phone did?—and kept landing on various episodes of
Cas opened his mouth, but Sam cut him off. “Don’t worry,” the younger Winchester assured. “They saved your leg. It’ll take some time and rehab, but it’ll be pretty much as good as new. Jay’s covered everything at the garage, Bobby’s feeling like hell, and me and Cas have been right here the whole time.”
“Thanks! By the way—some blonde girl was around this weekend, asking for you. She said she’d swing by this morning. Can you work the information desk? We’ve had like, fifty people coming by asking why the books aren’t free to download electronically.”
“He’s sick, Dean,” Cas murmured. “Try and think that he has a chronic illness, like cancer or HIV. It’s not that he doesn’t
Sam locked in on him, his face calm and serious. “She’s holding her own just fine. I only step in to defend whoever needs it.
“Remember what they told you,” Cas said gently, moving to lay what he hoped was a reassuring hand on his friend’s shoulder. “The more you do, the better you feel.”
“M’right here,” his brother said, and a hand smoothed over the back of his head. “Go back to sleep, Sammy.”
“He called me a rather filthy name when I told him I should take care of it,” he said. Sam could hear his smile. “Would you please tell him to hang up and wait for my call?”
!" Sam dug his fingers into his pillow and burst into tears. Dean swooped in and pulled him tight, as much to muffle the sound from their neighbors as to comfort.
So, when Cas had huffed out in his little hissy-fit, and Sam had picked at the dinner he’d made, and then hesitantly asked Dean if, he didn’t mind, he could, maybe, make a floor-bed, in his room, Dean knew it wasn’t all for Sammy’s own fears. It was easy enough to unfold the sofabed, coax Sam into sweats and a t-shirt, and sit propped up on pillows while Sam made his normal sleep-migration from sitting up straight, to slouching, to slouching with head on Dean’s shoulder, to laying back awkwardly propped, to falling asleep, to waking enough to cuddle against Dean’s leg.
Bobby mumbled something Cas assumed was dirty, only because Ellen punched him in the arm hard enough for him to grunt a “ow!” as they made for the hall. Peter remained standing. Cas grabbed him by the labcoat and hauled him out of the door, ensuring it slammed behind them.
“...telling you, Sammy. I’ve never seen a movie with him I didn’t like. I’m pre-ordering my DVD. Day you bust out of here, we’re watching.”
Sam turned the shower from warm to hot. When he’d gone to the library, Jess had been in the shower. He’d called a goodbye. In a few minutes, Dean would call through the door, tell him he’d see him for dinner, and go off. In a few minutes, Dean would go, and Sam would have the house to himself, to—to—
As soon as the connection disconnected he slammed through the door to her office, past her protesting assistant, and burst in on her and someone official-looking.
Crowley released the safety. “Silencer came installed. I could end you right now and no one would even give a rat’s arse.”
Dean’s not two hours in a regular room when his face starts flushing, and less than thirty minutes later there’s a green slime soaking through his stitches, and Anna is pumping his IV with antibodies and ordering ice packs for around his neck and armpits.
it date night. Dean was notoriously resistant to any “chick labels.” Living together, sharing a bed, and bills, and brothering to Sam—not gay at all. Having dinner out once a week? Cool. A movie now and then? Fine.
When the nurse’s told them visiting hours were over, Cas watched Sam for signs of panic, but he just swallowed and looked up a little wetly at his brother. Dean had gathered up their trash and playfully fluffed Sam’s pillows, knocking him lightly in the head until his brother let out a petulant
A/N: A quote will appear with an * to indicate that it is lovingly taken directly from one of the best TV shows
teddy bear and then bought us funnel cake. And halfway through it I started coughing and choking and ended up on the ground and he had to pick me up and give me the Heimlich and I puked and then landed in it and then found
“I haven’t in quite a long time.”  Anna looked serious once more. “Sometimes...going home doesn’t feel like a vacation. And yet...going on vacation alone seems like work in itself.”
“You don’t have to apologize to me anymore,” he murmured. “You want to talk about it, we’ll talk about it. But I don’t want to hear you say your disease was nothing but your own evil actions or any of that BS. You and me and Cas are in this together.”
And yet...he did. He’d always felt more comfortable serving than being served, and somehow the small, cheap, and often smoky diners and eateries the Winchesters tended toward had felt more welcoming than his family’s lifestyle ever had. He could, maybe, in his pre-addiction days, picture Sam here, but never Dean: Dean needed space to be loud and twitchy and funny and
“Bull.” Gabriel grabbed up a fritter and chewed it like a french fry. “Don’t get me wrong—mi casa es su casa. I’m really happy you came out. But it wasn’t because you missed me that bad. You wanna tell me what’s up?”
could get over his ex faster than his brother could. Sam had made no secret, from the get-go, that he’d thought Gordon was bad news.
“Tracy’s ‘watching her figure.’ Which is awesome because I get all the extras.” Andy slid open the side of the van. “Sir,” he said, dramatically gesturing, as if ushering Sam into a horse and carriage.
in here, man. Not to mention depressing as hell. It’s meeting after meeting after meeting hearing horror stories. I came in here to keep my grad school scholarship. I feel like a giant asshole hearing some of these guys talk. Of course, some of
“Guess, what?” Andy said, finding a chair of his own. “Sam and I earned our sixth month merit badges!” he displayed a sobriety token.
“You’ll be fine.” Sam moved a little closer to his friend and gave his hand a light squeeze as he coaxed him to hold the towel. “Ash? You got Max’s hands?”
“I know,” he soothed, laying down and resting his chin on Dean’s shoulder, rubbing his stomach once more. “I know. It’s hard for me too.”
“How’s the leg, bro? Hanging tight?” Ash asked, glancing at the cast. “Dude, no one’s signed it! Get me a pen. Or a marker or something. Cas, you get on that? Dude...are you wearing pants?” He lifted the blanket slightly. “Whoa! Okay, check that. First thing on the list.”
“I’ve got my own moral compass. Yeah, it might be far away from due north, but it’s hanging strong. And Cas...so does Dean. His conventions aren’t yours. You know this. He’s been honest about this.”
“Stop getting ahead of yourself. He hasn’t done anything wrong. Anxiety is a part of all this aftermath. We’ve seen it from him before, we’ll see it again. And he has good friends in Ash and Andy. They won’t let him go without a fight.”
“Sammy,” Dean sighed and dropped to the mattress beside him. “You’ve got to give yourself a break here, man. I appreciate that you want to take responsibility and all, but you had all sorts of stuff working against you.”
“I didn’t want to trigger your defense mechanisms and send you running,” Cas corrected. “I know you, Dean. You’ve been cursed with impermanence. Sam has been the only constant in your life from a very young age. Others have mistreated you greatly, and left you feeling abandoned. I didn’t want you to fear that from me. It’s a problem, Dean: a medical problem. It’s not yet to the point of disrupting your character, the way it did with your father. Your values and judgments and morals are intact. You’ve just been given a very difficult life with only one demonstrated way of dealing with your pain. Now we’ll find others.”
He made it another two blocks before the hurt and the sickness caught up to him, and he slid down against a closed storefront and did something he hadn’t since his father had died—he cried.
painful times—he’d spotted her frame when he turned twenty-one, a mere two months after Bobby and Ellen had told him he could have any car he wanted, and all the supplies he needed, to make his dream vehicle, and only three months after their Dad had smashed a bottle of Jack over Sam’s head and left his brother bleeding on the kitchen floor. When he’d found her, Sam was with his physical therapist, and he’d barely had an hour before they had to attend a pain management seminar. He’d had such a perfect vision of what she could be, that, for the first time in
Cas feels vague flickers of envy and annoyance. He and Dean were both somewhat withdrawn emotionally: it was one of the many reasons they worked well together. And one of the reasons they were good at handling the easily agitated and frequently anxious, over-emotional Sam.
“Jess wasn’t either.” If it weren’t for his brother, Sam knew he’d be face-first by now. “She was gonna marry me.”
“No.” Missouri’s face softened. “They love you both, honey, they do. And Lord knows how good you are for them. But this...they gotta get it out of themselves and promise each other they’ll make it. They ain’t never gonna do better for anyone else if they can’t swear to stop lining up for the guillotine for each other.”
When Gabriel appeared in the doorway, it took him a moment to look from his phone to his older brother. Gabe started and said “Jesus, Cas. I’ll drive you to the airport. Got a few choice ladies working the flights on speedial. Just quit looking at me like you’ve lost custody of your kids and their puppies.”
. I couldn’t risk him out there, maybe deciding he wanted another go, or that he couldn’t have Sammy knowing what he did, or having Balthazar running his mouth about God knows what, and there’s no way he was going to go down without being caught red-handed.”
Gabe ordered in for dinner, answering the door with "Flood!" and bumping chests with the delilvery man. "C'mon in, have a beer. You got time for a round?"
. The harder he ran, the slower he moved. The further he reached, the farther away from the door he fell. The louder he tried to scream, the more air deserted him.
“He said his leg was hurt. Possibly run over. I couldn’t quite get the full story, but he doesn’t want to lose it.”
Sam didn’t have his medication. He suggested skipping the valium so he could stay up and watch Dean, but Cas called Alan, got the proper doses, filled him in on Sam’s whereabouts, and hit the hospital pharmacy with a prescription. Sam glared when he returned with dinner, more Gatorade, and the pill bottle, but Cas pretended to ignore him and turned the television to a Monster Truck rally. Sam took a reluctant bite of his sandwich before grumbling “let’s watch CNN, Cas: that’ll wake him up faster,” and the doctor was only too happy to oblige.
“No, no, I get it. You got off work and felt the need to swing by to spoon with your boyfriend’s little brother.” Dean’s green eyes glittered with amusement.
Sam smiled in Cas’ direction. It brought a warmth to Cas’ chest, seeing the affection and appreciation of the younger man for looking after his big brother--like he was some kind of hero. He understood how little brothers could be addictive in their own peculiar way.
“Can you bring who did this to justice? Can you correct whatever deformity is in my character that I didn’t recognize I was drinking with a snake?”
“Since you were ten and I was six and you decided it was your job to sacrifice for me, Dean!” he shouted. “Since I was nine and you first started breaking into houses to steal me shoes and clothes and Christmas gifts! Since I was twelve and you beat Denny Hampson to a pulp for knocking me down the stairs!”
“If there’s a bill for this three-way, you’re paying,” Dean snapped. “Yeah, I’m coming!” he roared, and then the phone clicked off. Sam couldn’t stop his laughter.
Sam’s look went from kicked puppy to kicked, locked-out-in-a-thunderstorm-puppy. Cas spun on his heel and stalked off into the hallway.
Dean just didn’t think Sam was an adult, who could make his own decisions. Who could stay in control, just as well as his big brother. And now Sam was sick and on the street, and it was all because Dean had no faith in him. He’d show him. He’d get a life together. He just—
“Hey—you can’t get rid of me that easy,” Dean smiled, eyes soft and accepting in that warm, brotherly way he always seemed ready to bestow on Sam. “Go home. Get some real sleep. I’ll have plenty for you to do when you get back.”
Dean chuckled. It was true—Jess’ biggest problem was her chronic inability to say ‘no.’ As Dean had gotten to know her, he was more and more grateful that she’d met Sam, who couldn’t take advantage of a guppy. He’d automatically assumed that someone so beautiful was supremely confident, but Jess would do just about anything to get people to like her, and carried a constant guilt and worry over things that happened to others that she couldn’t possibly control. Dean liked to think he’d bonded with her over that.
Andy—housed in his van, spooning his old bong, coasting by and who knows what money—was still the group’s fussy Grandmother at heart. He knew all his friend’s schedules, habits, meds, and official diagnosis. And he’d read the DSM—cover to cover. And God knows why, but he made a special effort to befriend Sam.
Dean snorted. “Dude, if anyone should be worried about bringing infectious diseases into this house, it’s you.”
the joy of his relationship with Dean. He had Dean, and for the moment, he had what seemed like Dean’s brother, which was the closest and greatest cobblestone of a real family he could wish for. Watching the brothers tease and jostle, always with an edge of careful affection, made him long to feel a part of it. All the way up the path to front porch, where a stranger sat, in a long black coat, a scruffy beard on his face. Cas glanced to Dean, only to stop at a face he’d never seen, regardless of their time, and intimacy, together.
. He was right. But Sam’s motto in life had been “let me make my own mistakes.” No matter how loud Dean had warned his little brother—“no, Sammy, that’s hot;” “Sammy, that’s sharp;” “Sammy, that’ll sting;” “Sammy, that’ll bite;” “Sammy, smoking will make you sick;” “Sammy, yelling will make him drink;”—Sam did it all and then some, loping back to his big brother full of tears and shame.
“Hm,” he mumbled. It couldn’t be: Dean just left. Sam had just willed himself to sleep. Dean wouldn’
"It's okay, Sammy," Dean murmured, close to his ear. "We're gonna be okay, little brother. You're over the worst of it. We'll get through the rest of it."
It was humiliating that it took Gordon’s fist for him to see it all for what it was. What Sam and Jess had known and desperately tried to get him to see.
, Gabe.” All the years Cas had sat through tales of his brother’s exploits, he couldn’t ever remember a woman coming
“Okay. Alright, take it easy, man. I’ll get you home.” Andy smiled, a little nervously, and got to his feet.
“Cas,” Missouri smiled, holding out her hand. “Sam’s told me wonderful things about you. Apparently you stopped his panic attack the other day.”
Sam’s moods were volatile. He could be docile one moment, steady and calm the next, raging moments later, and sullen and silent soon after. Dean rode them all with practiced history, and unconditional acceptance. He didn’t flinch when Sam yelled, or sulk when he was silent, or complain when he was listless. He took it all in, saying a few words at a time, and sticking close, which, no matter what mood he was in, seemed to be what Sam needed more than anything. Even if he was yelling at his brother to leave him be, if Dean ventured more than  a room away, Cas saw a panic come over the younger Winchester, a moment where he thought, maybe, he’d pushed his brother too far. And every time he saw it, Dean would reappear, warmly, offering a simple task for his brother to join him in, and Sam would follow him, trembling until his brother rested a hand between his shoulders.
Dean threw him to the ground and slammed his foot into his ribs, satisfied with the sound of their cracking.
“I always do. How’re you guys? Cas, it’s nice to finally meet you.” She slid an arm around Sam’s waist and rubbed his ribs lightly. Sam looked across at him and relaxed, marginally, taking her free hand in his own.
Cas walks Sam back downstairs, where he asks about the progress of Andy’s surgery and tells them he wants to be kept up to date. Sam sits in a chair and breathes like Cas told him to and keeps it together, forcing himself
He wanted to be one of them--the evagelical assailant, the reformed drug-addicted prostitute, and the emotionally inept and chronically disconnected doctor, who saw people as little more than cars needing their bolts and screws turned and longed so much to be different, to see what Gabe saw, what Dean and Sam saw.
“Switched my shift from two to ten. And I checked your blackberry: you’re not on until three. And if you were
“Yes you do. So we can do this here, in front of customers who could potentially serve as witnesses, or in private.”
After his shift, he swings by the center. It's mid-afternoon and not visiting hours, but he shows his credentials and mentions Alan's name and manages to get past the desk and up to Sam's room. The younger Winchester is lying on his side, staring at the window, eyes wet and swollen. He doesn't turn when Cas ventures in, not even when he sits on the bed and lays a tentative hand on his shoulder.
Cas was about to argue when Sam stirred, sighed, and sat up, rubbing his eyes. “Mmm,” he grumbled, and then saw his brother and bolted upright. “Dean!”
“Sam!” Andy called, heading toward the kitchen. “Dude! What was that? You know the drill. Wave when you’re in okay.”
He curls into the warmth and strength and protection of his brother, and lets Dean murmur him off to sleep.
“I can recite those stages from memory, because this isn’t the first time you’ve said it. Even if it sticks, you’re not one of us anymore.”
When Cas had graduated, top of his class, at Harvard Medical School, Michael had shaken his hand. Lou had given him a manly thump on the arm and said “I’ll save the handshake for when you’re on a payroll other than Dad’s, huh?” Ralph had given an even briefer, lighter, handshake than Michael’s. And Gabe...well, Gabe had swept him up in a ridiculous, overblown hug that involved spinning and shouting, all too diminish any hint of emotion behind it.
The man brought him a bag of fast food. Sam ate it without the slightest bit of dignity—shoving fries in on top of the burger, eating pie between bites of fries. The Scot shook his hand.
“Oh?” Cas raised his hand and, a little shyly, ran it along Dean’s ear. Dean closed his eyes and shivered ever so slightly. “So...while we’re unknotting this particular kink in our relationship, are there, perhaps, others we should…’evaluate’?”
Dean huffed in characteristic indigence, but Cas was determined to be all the Winchesters could not.
He’d chosen this spot to call Dean and confess that he’d withheld his conversation with Ruby. Dean, being Dean, had scoffed and told him to quit worrying, that they were in the clear. But then he’d said:
Dean appeared in the doorway in his gray tee, jeans with the small hole above the right knee, and the ever-present necklace. “You didn’t wear a jacket?” Cas asked.
Sam thinks of endless nights alone in rehab—in lockdown, in Rosemount, in the halfway house. The endless nights on the phone with Dean and Cas, their unshakeable faith and comfort and promises of help, their open door and open arms. They’d given him everything, and now that he was well, it was time to give back.
The halfway-house was important to him. It was compliant with his program. It was filled with people living the challenges he’d faced. It was out of the way of Dean and Cas. But under the covers, with the sound of his brother and pseudo-brother’s soft voices as they moved about in their room, he suddenly ached to stay put. He wanted out from the constant, 24/7 monitoring, the checks, the incessant platitudes. He wanted to be in a place where people treated him normally, where support was readily available but never forced, where he could, for the first time, leave behind the bubble of treatment and return to the real world. He could keep an eye on Dean and Cas. He could help clean the house and do the laundry and pay rent. He could run errands and cook dinners. He could, maybe, go back to school.
“But I...was prepared to be strong. For you. And when you were strong, it...I wasn’t sure...what to do. How I was needed.”
It was second nature to retreat to Dean in times of uncertainty and distress. But it wasn’t fair to Dean
Cas swallowed, hard. “You were alright for awhile after. But then you suffered from a very high fever.”
Sam reached out and caught Dean’s sleeve. "I—I was gonna ask her to marry me. I'd--I was looking at rings. But I—I wanted to wait. I wanted—I wanted to ask you to help me decide. I wanted—I was gonna—ask you to be Best Man."
“Bro,” Gabriel said, frowning at the laptop. “This is...bad. Listen to this: ‘international financier suspected of defrauding charities.’” He paused, scrolling loudly. “According to this, that McCloud guy would take accounts‘pro bono,’ claim finance fees and taxes, and skim money off the top.” He frowned. “Among his victims...several charitable trusts, four charitable foundations, three legal payments...including a settlement awarded to couple with a brain-damaged baby girl whose parents won a malpractice lawsuit because the doctor performing the C-Section was drunk.”
He’d forgotten how bright the city was at night. He rose once more, drew the blinds, and got back under the covers.
Sam made burgers and tater tots for lunch. He didn’t eat much of it, but Dean didn’t comment—he knew the big sap had only made it for him. Afterward, while Dean showered, Sam made up a schedule of movies that would be on after dinner. But, while Dean showered, he was suddenly hit with a bolt of brilliance—a way to get both their minds off of the dumbass who’d bolted on them, and have a day of good, old fashioned, Winchester-brother-bonding.
Sam couldn’t let the mutually shared stubbornness of his blood and adopted brothers keep them from having the relationship they’d always wanted. He
“No, no, Sam, please don’t worry. Everything’s fine. Dean and I are both working tonight, and given the stress of the past few days, we thought it would be good for the three of us to check-in, that’s all.” Sam heard the sound of buttons being hit. “You can always call us if you need to, of course.”
Andy pulled him closer a bit, and his father immediately smoothed his hair and murmured “easy does it, buddy,” and Sam felt a rush of grief and exhaustion.
“Fitzgerald McCloud,” the man said, extending his hand. “God help anyone who calls me what this bloody fool dares to.”
Alan came down the hall, a hand on Sam’s arm, like he was some old man instead of a once vibrant youth. “Took him off the drip myself,” he said proudly, helping Sam sit. Sam was still very pale, and fragile looking, shivering in his favorite hoodie, hand clutched on the amulet Dean had hung around his neck. “Be back in an hour to hook him back up. And we’re going to discuss this whole hunger-strike again. Alright buddy?”
Cas smiled at the easy banter between the two of them. Instantly, he felt Sam’s gaze shift from the table to his face. He turned and felt his smile waver, than forced it back upright.
He didn’t, to this day. No matter what the cost, he knew, in the darkness of that damnable night, he’d been the first to ever beat that sonofabtich. And that, at least, he owed the brother he loved. The partner he was willing to sacrifice
“Yeah, I know, but it doesn’t work. I learned that awhile back. He either comes out swinging or ready to swing because he thinks you’re trying to wake him up for a fight.”
And then Rosemount called and said Sam had been moved and placed on bed rest, but was cleared for visitors, and they did nothing but lay awake holding each other, watching the night pass, waiting for the morning their little family could reunite.
Cas perched lightly on the edge of the bed. “I’d thought I’d go to the bookstore in a bit. Would you like to come?”
“Sonofabitch—” he gasped, and gripped his arms. He was far weaker than usual, but he still had the advantage of height and weight, and he used it.
Dean would love to say that he attacked with calm, thorough, planned assurance. But he didn’t. He went at the sonofabitch like there was nothing to live for. He poured the rage at his father for hurting them, Sam for hurting himself, Cas for fearing his outbursts, and his own failure, into the blows he fed into that asshole. He hadn’t regretted a single one.
“Hey Sammy,” Dean’s voice drifted over him, that low, soft, slightly gruff lullaby that washed over his pain like a balm. His brother perched on the bed behind him and reached over to brush his bangs of his forehead, smoothing Sam’s hair the way he hadn’t since he’d last been hospitalized for his suicide attempt. “Got the afternoon off. Have to work Sunday though. Thought I’d see how you were doing. Alan cleared me, since he says you’re still not getting up.”
, without knowing his last name, without knowing about his trust fund, his father’s and brother’s careers. He didn’t gasp in awe, or straighten up, or even
“Of course,” Cas said, as Anna whisked away her unfinished meal and he reached for his phone to call Dean.
“Accidents happen, unfortunately. The important thing is he’s going to be fine, and I know he bears Bobby no ill-will.” Cas walked her down to the elevators and hit the call button. “You two have been like parents to Sam and Dean. I know they love you both very, very much.”
Sam realized it was true. Cas kept his bright blue eyes on him and smiled, leading him to a set of chairs and holding his arm as they both sat. “It’s alright now,” he soothed, rubbing Sam’s arm. “Have you called Dean?”
Cas beamed shamelessly when she mentioned ‘friends’. “Nothing to worry about, Anna. You’re still the boss.”
“Sometimes I—I hate you, Dean,” Sam’s voice broke. There was a moment of quiet between them, with only the sound of Sam’s struggling breathing.
Sam nodded. He liked Gabe, the other brother of Cas’s he’d met: he reminded him of a younger Dean, in some ways. He was certainly the only one of Cas’ elder brothers who acted anything like an elder brother: at least, anything like the type Sam was used to. Even growing up, he’d realized that Dean’s role in his life wasn’t necessarily the norm for most older siblings, but he was still stunned by how callously Cas’ extended family treated their youngest.
“You will. In two days.” She smiled. “And we have a cafeteria Cas can vouch for if you don’t like your tray. But I want you to try and take it easy. The catheter will come out later, assuming you respond well to fluids.” Dean turned beat red.
More often than not, the problems arising in cars came from their owners’ neglect, not a malfunction of their machinery.
. Smiling, sweet, eager, and a little haunted and sad. His big shoulders had fallen into a slouch, and, despite his height, he seemed...smaller, younger, and infinitely more vulnerable.
Sam felt his throat swell. He and Cas loved bookstores. Dean and Jess always said if they liked books, they could to go the library. But they liked to re-read their favorites and trade them between one another, which you couldn’t do when the book had to be back on the shelves in a week or two.
it. He could tell even Cas was excited: sure, the Morgan mansions had been decked to the gills, but this was different. This was a family Christmas, the type they’d had when Jess was still alive, and though they all still missed her, Dean couldn’t have felt closer to her than he did right then, loading up a cart and getting ready to smother their home with even more over-the-top seasonal décor. He could
“I don’t think you understand what your brother did, Sam,” Ruby snapped, pacing the back office. “McCloud...or, as we called him,
. And in his days of addiction, striving to prove that he could go back to being who he was before people started dying around him. Trying to prove that he wasn’t scared. Trying to prove to Dean that he wasn’t a scrawny, shy, geeky pre-teen who hid behind his brother when their Dad yelled, or crawled into bed with him when he’d had a bad dream, or was afraid the blows Dean had taken would cause him to abandon Sam in the night.
He pulled back enough to pull the leather thong off from around his neck and hang it over Sam’s, adjusting it tenderly and patting the charm lightly over his brother’s heart. Sam looked from it, to his elder brother, and back again.
Cas took a seat at the bar stood and sipped the chilled wine slowly. “I forgot how I used to enjoy this,” he sighed.
Cas shed a few quiet tears, than gathered himself in the silence of the rest of the drive, determined to face Sam with all the quiet strength his elder brother had always offered, even if it wasn’t blood that bound them.
“Please don’t let go of the best relationship you’ve ever had because of me,” Sam pleaded. Dean unmuted the TV.
“This here’s Cas,” he told each person he met, “my brainy kid bro who spends his days and nights saving lives. So he’s stressed and needs a little TLC, ‘kay?”
“You’re doing very well,” she said, “but because of the infection, I want to keep you two more days.”
Cas made him soup and toast and a mug of hot tea with a splash of vanilla milk. Sam cried through the meal, the tears dripping down his face and off his chin. When he was done, Cas dabbed at his friend’s face, gently, with a warm washcloth, and helped him to the sofa, where he put on the History Channel, their favorite thing to watch the rare times they had control of the television.
Cas heard the shower running. The sound of drawers opening and closing. The sound of the washer being run. And then the sound of Dean padding up the stairs and down the hall to their room. More drawers, more closures. Then his inevitable arrival in the guest room, where he got into bed behind Sam and yanked him away from Cas and into his own chest, holding tight in a fiercely protective, almost animalistic, way. A mother bear.
“And it isn’t exactly about your damn need to play Daddy, Bobby!” Dean bellowed. Several patrons looked up, and the cashier raised her eyebrow at them. Bobby’s face fell with sudden hurt, and Dean felt the heavy, constant weight of depression descend once more. “Sorry,” he mumbled. “I’m sorry. I can’t...this has been hard.”
Gordon, who’d somehow managed to pry out things he’d never told anyone, even Sammy—like the fact that he’d wanted to be a firefighter, or that he still wished his Dad had been at his sixth grade graduation, or that he really
“Nah, hooked up to the great stuff. Doc Dread here says I’m good to go. Pays to have friends in high places.”
“Don’t flatter me, Sam. You act like you and Dean are something ‘special’, but you’re not. Everyone’s been hurt. Everyone wants to feel they’re part of a family that loves them. You and Dean had more violence than most, but you know what? I know a lot of girls who have grown up with sexual abuse. And we both know I’m one of them. And somehow, they manage to find decent partners, and lead good lives, and move forward. I don’t know why men think being hit is any worse.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean chuckled. “The sun will come out tomorrow, bitch. ‘Cause it always does. And I’m gonna be right there with it.”
“No. Andy said he stuck around, checked with Ash—there’s no new curfew.” Dean rubbed his eyes. “He filled Ash in, and they’re gonna hang awhile, make sure he stays asleep and all.”
or not. I get that things were bad, and he was hurting. But that gives him the right to destroy the lives of other families? Ash’s, Andy’s? Me and Cas? No. If you hadn’t taken him down, and he’d of shot you? I’d go to jail for the rest of my life before I let him see another sunrise.”
He stepped out on the porch, sat on the bench, and drew a few deep breaths. Dean always said that helped: to breathe deep and not panic.
“’Cause he was being dicktastic, that’s why.” He sighed, relaxing into Cas’ reassuring hand. “Dad was sober ‘till September after they took us. A whole lot of promises and tears and the like. I always fell for it. Not Sammy.”
His mechanic got that sly look in his face that always brought butterflies to Cas’ stomach. “Think we’ve talked enough about Sam tonight, huh?” he murmured, hand sliding down Cas’ chest and ribs.
"I--I wanted--you're--" a tear slid out from under a closed lid. "I kill everything I love. I'll kill you and Dean."
And when Cas and Dean do, they look at each other at random intervals throughout their day, and share love and guilt, love and guilt, love and guilt, guilt, guilt.
“We’re good.” Shirtless, Gabe placed his hands back on the wheel and swung the car abruptly into the right lane, passing several honking trucks before swinging back in front of them. “Chillax!” he shouted at the horns, fumbling in the backseat for a blue silk shirt. “Take the wheel for a sec, okay?”
"For God's sake," Jess had whispered, one of the rare times they'd been alone, "I'd rather take the SAT's, PSAT's, LSAT's and God knows what else, back to back, than face an angry Dean. Their Dad sucked and we've got to pay a toll to get through. Just smile and it will be okay," she'd beamed at him. "Trust me...I'm putting in a good word."
Cas explains about the counselor again. He tells him it won’t cost them anything, he’ll cover it all, and they can do it together, or Sam can talk one-on-one. That he was happy to contact the school and vouch that he needed to be on medical leave. That they love him and want nothing more than to help.
Cas’ lips met his bare shoulder. “I’m sorry. I promise...this round, there’s no going back. We’ll do what we have to, and we’ll live with it. We
“It’s gonna take some time,” he assured them. “On average, medication can take about five to seven weeks to kick in. It’s even tougher with those coming off bio-chemical altering substances.” At Dean’s devastated face, he softened his voice. “Sam’s been asking for you. I know it’ll help a great deal that you’re here. Just try and be patient, alright? I’m organizing his schedule, and you’ll meet his primary therapist soon. She’ll handle your family sessions as well. Try and keep things light, okay?”
“Is she okay?” he swung himself up on the porch railing and looked out over their small front yard. He liked to talk to his brother on the porch—it reminded him of the hours they spent outdoors, watching storms and stars and silently relaxing, feeling a peace that never came inside their father’s house.
“Okay, buddy, I’m not gonna go,” Dean murmured, one handed steadying Sam’s back while the other rubbed between his shoulder blades. “But I need you to calm down for me, huh? Let’s get you up.”
Jess sighed. “Gordon, was...let’s just say Sam and I knew he was trouble from the start. But Dean’s stubborn. Sam is too, even though he doesn’t think he’s as bad. I don’t know everything that happened, but Sam hasn’t been nearly as nice to anyone Dean brings around ever since.”
Asleep, Sam could have been a child again, the sweet, untouched one Dean had long ago fought to defend. No matter the age, he hadn't outgrown the belief that his big brother could do anything. It brought an ache to Cas's chest.
After breakfast, a couple nurse’s visits, and another brief check-in from Anna—who, Cas was beginning to realize, had to be operating on about two hours of sleep a night—Dean demanded control of the television, tuned it to ESPN, and fell dead asleep five minutes later.
, they need it,” he said curtly. Cas felt Jess and Dean’s eyes meet, but he kept his own, locked hard on the younger Winchester’s, smile in place, no matter how hard it fought to shrink.
“You could come with me,” Dean said, obviously not thrilled about the idea either. “See the shop, read. Just like old times.”
“Yeah,” Dean soothed, taking over Sam’s mantra. “Yeah, Sam We’re gonna. We do. This is the worst of it. You’re off the street, out of lock-down.” He coaxed Sam’s head under his chin. “C’mon, bud. Y’gotta trust me this round. Just like you used to.”
“Cas...it’s me. Sam. Winchester.” Cas couldn’t help but smile. It was so stupidly obvious, and yet so endearingly sweet and formal, and so very
The Monday following Jessica’s funeral, Dean went to work, and Cas arranged to take an evening shift. Sam had eaten with Dean, and after a great deal of huffing and puffing and fussing and “I’ll be home before you know it,” Dean backed the Impala out of the driveway and left Sam cleaning the bathroom while Cas washed the dishes.
“Several years after you smashed a bottle over his head? He’s lucky to be alive, or not drooling all over himself!”
“But—” Cas’ voice died. He’d assumed she’d make an exception: let him stand by and monitor it all, monitor
“And we know from experience that every time you’ve sacrificed for me, you’ve been kicked in the jewels so hard you could’ve worn them like a necklace.”
Sam cooked dinner for the three of them—a hamburger for Dean, two Portobello mushrooms for Cas and himself. He made a salad and baked sweet-potato French-fries, which Dean said were “sub-par” but still devoured like a starving man. He and Dean had beers while Cas had ice water and, when he emptied his glass, Sam shot out of his chair and eagerly went to refill it, smiling warmly when he returned.
And he cried for himself, for knowing so many flawed people and having no idea how, exactly, to reconcile it all and love them best.
Sam had assumed that Cas’ big brothers had been the same. Although the thought of four Deans was more than a little overwhelming, he couldn’t imagine Cas had ever wanted for affection, or protection, or guidance and acceptance.
Except...there was a bit that felt very familiar. There was the desire to help, to belong, to comfort and accept. There were his own fears of rejection, the loneliness of isolation, the terror of failure. Dean shared these feelings: but Dean didn’t run. Dean had never run. He looked Sam’s pain square on, even with his own weaknesses. Dean was flawed, but he knew his flaws and accepted them as a part of himself. Cas could do the same. Cas
“Well it’s about friggin’ time you two got it together. Sam, we’re having Bobby and Ellen over for dinner tomorrow and we want you there.”
Cas tried a few sips of the wine...but it did nothing for his nerves. Sam was laser-focused on him as if hoping he could make him explode just by sending hateful glances his way. Jess was warm and friendly...
. And if Dean and Cas and Alan believed those qualities still lay, dormant, inside him, than he was going to fight to get them back, fight to get Dean and Cas back, fight to get his
Sam chuckled. As Cas was setting him up, his eyes wandered around the small space, and then the loan photo caught his eye. He’d seen it before: Jessica had taken it, the day they helped Cas and Dean move in to their new house. It was of the three of them on the porch: Sam and Dean were holding beers: Cas, a glass of wine. Dean had his tilted in a “cheers” motion, Sam was beaming—and a little sunburnt—and Cas was leaning against the porch rail looking tired but happy.
Dean may struggle with call waiting and speaker phone and conference calls and remote controls and cable, and for the life of him he couldn’t figure out how to attach things to an email. He tended to act without thinking long-term, and he’d tossed his partner into the ditch for daring to question a decision that clearly had impacted his life. He could be short tempered and foul-mouthed and co-dependent and God knows he would fight the urge to take a drink for the rest of his life.
“Ah,” Anna said, in a tone that said she understood his worry. “You think he wouldn’t be able to handle it?”
When the elevator dinged down the hallway, a few more nurses, and a few visitors spilled out, and then Cas shot out behind them, dressed in his white lab coat and blue scrubs, an ID badge clipped to his pocket. He scanned the room, saw Sam and broke into a half-run, arms opening before he’d fully reached him, grabbing Sam up in a bone-crushing hug.
the one looking like someone just backed over your leg. And Sammy,” he gave his brother a pat on the head, “doesn’t go to sleep if I’m in a hospital unless he’s been here a
“I don’t know what I am around her, kid.” He tossed back his second glass. “But whatever it is, it sucks.”
. He couldn’t be expected to just sit without knowing, minute to minute, what was happening inside his partner’s body: not
“Tell us about it,” Andy said, even while Sam’s chest ached to reach out and grab it for its brother.
“I kind of don’t want to talk to you right now,” Jess muttered, staring out the window. “I love you, Sam, I do. And I know you’re trying to do what’s best. But you didn’t just hurt Cas tonight.”
He’d always felt he was home with Dean. But through the mess and the grief and the addiction and the recovery, he’d forgotten the easy, warm friendship he’d found with Sam. Back when Jess would have museum assignments, the four of them would often go through the galleries together before heading out for lunch or back to the house to watch a game. And for all of Jessica’s passion for art, she and Dean often moved along through the exhibit while Cas and Sam got stuck on piece after piece, trying to figure out how it was done and what thought went into it and how they’d do it differently. More often than not, Jess and Dean would be parked in the museum café, drinking coffee and chatting, before Sam and Cas realized that they hadn’t seen them in some time.
A beat. And then Cas said “Growing up, we always had those fake electric candles in the front windows.”
Cas sat on the edge of their bed, watching as Dean put on a dark shirt, dark jeans, and a dark flannel. He took off the necklace he
“We’re good, Sammy.” Dean’s hand moves through his hair, thumb brushing over his forehead. “Everything’s going to be fine.”
“Thank you.” Sam accepted them both. He put the Gatorade at his feet and took a slow sip of the coffee, still avoiding Cas’ gaze.
“Sam, you’re gonna have to, slowly, weed that out of your vocabulary, buddy. You don’t have to apologize for people lending a hand when you need it. Neither does your brother.”
Or rather, Dean did. He was endlessly gentle, patient, and caring—he half-dragged Sam to meals, brought him glasses of ice-water, made him help him fold laundry and watch sports and movies he thought he’d like. He coaxed him to run errands, help cook meals, and, when Sam would retreat into deep silences, laid his hands on his shoulders and spoke to him softly until the tenseness in Sam’s body and lines of grief and exhaustion in his face relaxed.
And it was his fault. That's what he did, right? Wreck lives? End good things? Tear up families? Leave his brother hurting and determined not to show the hurt? Leaving Cas writing check after check, emptying his bank account to try and keep him sane?
Sam made coffee, started a load of laundry, and laid a light hand on Dean’s back while he cooked, causing his brother to squirm out of his support. They had work to do, Dean said. The upstairs sink had been leaking. The downstairs toilet kept running. The Impala needed better fuel. And Sam needed decent shoes.
“No worries, I know you’d know them if you saw them. Dean, I know it’s terribly rude, but if we’re going to be ready for Christmas, we should get moving. We have several gatherings to attend,” Cas explained. “I do apologize, I’d so like to hear more about
Cas took a deep, slow breath. “One of my very first patients as an intern. A child. Three years old. He’d—” Cas stopped. “His mother—” he stopped again. Sam’s eyes were fixed on him, full of the same sympathy, the same encouragement, the same intense focus as his brother’s. “I almost quit. I almost decided I couldn’t be a doctor. I saw this small, helpless, screaming little boy, and his sobbing mother, and I froze. I couldn’t think of anything but that the world is cruel and evil and pain is never justified. And then I saw my colleagues spring into action, and they—they
“We had this crazy ‘drama therapist’ come.  And she was making us all roleplay. And Sam was supposed to play this girl’s older brother, who’d she’d stolen from, and she was supposed to practice apologizing. We’re not two seconds into it and Sam drops into his seat and just...
,” he sobbed, feeling grief wrench him. He wanted to be small enough to curl up in his brother’s lap. He wanted to be able to crawl into bed with him and not have it be weird or sick or strange. He wanted to have never known Jess, or death, or even the knowledge of their father’s abuse and addiction.
—brother and tugged him close. “You’re Sam,” he murmured. “He’s Dad. I get that you may have overlapped in addiction. But you saw your problems and came back.”
A long time ago, Sam wouldn’t have questioned what they meant. He wouldn’t have stuttered and repeated himself. A long time ago, Sam was going to go to law school. He had a girlfriend who left him sweet notes and made cookies and made him take breaks when he stretched himself to exhaustion. He wouldn’t have touched drugs or drank too much or forced Dean and Cas to wake up and check their smoke alarms, their heart rates, their door locks.
“Of course you won’t. I know you’re very sick right now, and can’t see it, but you will, Sam. You’ll see that you weren’t responsible for Jess or Maddy or your father.”
"We're on a mission," Jack said. "A mission of the magi. A magical magi mission. A mystical magical magi--"
“Yeah. Yeah, it’s me. Don’t worry. It’ll be fine, alright? You’re fine. And Dean and me—” his voice cracked. He laid a hand on the top of Cas’ head. “Will be fine.”
“Bet there is,” Sam muttered. He gave up trying to make his stupid hands work to scoop the stash out with the little pink depressor and just snorts as hard as he can from the bag. It takes less than a minute before he’s relaxing: the tremors, calming; cramps, loosening; sweat, stopping up.
Cas glared at him. Sam was grinning like a Cheshire cat, one hand still clutching the amulet, watching his elder brother squirm.
Cas perched awkwardly on the heater while Ellen talked quietly to Sam. The younger Winchester didn’t seem any more open than he had on their previous visits, though he did rest the stuffed monkey on his lap and fiddle with its hands and tail while giving his usual vague half-answers. “I was sick...I was tired...I was cold...school didn’t work...Jess was gone...Jess is gone...Jess is...”
"Say hi to the woman and the rugrat!" he called as Flood waved an disappeared down the hall to the elevator.
“I know.” She touched his arm once more. “I can tell. Sam will too. I’ll work on him. Please give him a chance. I promise, once he knows you, he’ll be one of the greatest friends you’ll ever have.”
“Don’t worry. I’ve been covered in worse,” Cas chuckled, and Sam even managed a shaky smile before sagging, exhausted, against his shoulder. Cas knew it was safe to remove his hand—Sam’s muscles were working on their own. It was safe to pull back, pull away: Dean would be back in a moment, and he could take things from here.
The nurse nodded and made a quick note on a plastic ID bracelet, which she hooked around Jack Gallagher’s wrist. Sam thanked her and lead him toward the elevators, casting a quick, reassuring nod to Dean and Cas.
All the while, Sam cried quietly, and Dean hummed. When Cas finished unpacking, he circled around the bed and perched awkwardly on the edge, laying a hand on top of Sam’s army of blankets. He laid a gentle hand on his forehead—testing his temperature—than his throat—checking his pulse—before giving him a light pat on the back. Sam's breath hitched and a tear slid down his cheek.
“Want a Dum Dum?” Andy asked, as soon as Sam opened the passenger side door of his van. Andy had agreed to swing by the bookstore and give him a ride home, since Dean still couldn’t drive and Cas was on shift.
“This is our honest-to-God-date night, Sam,” Cas smiled. “In case you ever wonder about what we do when you’re not here.”
Dean just nodded as Gordon moved off, a sharp, jealous snap to his shoulders that used to make Dean dread being alone with him. As soon as he’d rounded a display Cas deflated, slumping against the cart.
“It was an accident, Ellen. Sam and I understand that. Dean, I imagine, does too. He was just in pain. I can tell you from experience that people say all kinds of things when they’re in pain.”
“Hey, Dean!” Sam called, the sound of keys being hit. Dean could see his brother perfectly: phone pressed between his shoulder and chin, banging away on some paper or internet search. “Quick question—what happens when scientists, at the bottom of the Earth, in a place where there’s
“Sam came with the deal and you know it. You aren’t ever going to be number one, Cas. Dean’s always going to put Sam before anyone else, himself included. If he hadn’t been so devoted to family you wouldn’t have landed on your ass as hard as you did, because he’d be just like
So there he was: facing down McCloud—Sam’s ‘Crowley’—full of rage and hurt and the crippling guilt of failure.
“Yeah. I mean...he looked way worse when Dean was done with him, but Sam hasn't bounced back." She lowered her voice further. "He was always patching Dean up after their Dad beat him, and lots of times he beat him because Dean mouthed off to distract him from Sam. I don't think it had ever occurred to him that dating men meant Dean might fall in with someone who could hurt him again physically. I
A post-midnight phone call was, for many, a worst nightmare. For Cas, it was normal: he’d ensured that the phone was next to his side of the bed, not Dean’s, so he could roll over and scoop it up if need be. It was pretty much always the hospital, calling him in, though on occasion it would be his brother Gabe, who neither knew nor cared whether he was waking his brother up if the urge struck to call.
“Psh. I’m not working for any tokens. C’mon. Got a nice Chardonnay. I know you like it. Nice and light.”
Cas, to retreat to them every single time his anxiety spiked. Dean had made a valiant effort to re-trust his brother after everything Sam had done, and Sam hadn’t reciprocated by trusting Dean and Cas to take care of themselves—and one another—in his absence.
A week after that phone call, Cas had showered and was on his way downstairs to say goodnight to the brothers when he heard Dean say "Go to bed, bro. When's the last time you crashed?"
Dean would have called him every name in the book if he’d known, but Cas finally felt a previously unrealized sense of security. He hadn’t dared imagined a life without Dean, other than to sooth Sam’s panicked delusions, but, not that he had, he felt a larger purpose: whether it was soothing Sam’s terror or allowing the younger Winchester to support him, together, they could somehow survive the horror of the loss of Dean. And, while that loss was still a horrific scenario Cas couldn’t bear to envision, the surety of Sam at his side soothed him.
“Trade secret.” Ash winked. “Look...it’s way past your usual turn-in time. You need to get some sleep. I’m not trying to mother-hen you, but you’ve heard the speeches about the importance of sleep  when dealing with everything. We’ll talk more tomorrow, okay?”
Sam let out a noise that nearly broke Dean’s heart. The movie resumed and he ignored it, scooting closer to his brother and nudging him with his shoulder. “Hey,” he snapped. “I never,
Cas warmed hearing his colleague’s genuine concern. For all his bluster and issues with authority, he was a genuinely caring person: though, like Dean, he’d deny his softness to anyone who dared  breach the subject. “We’re fine. I heard the burgers here were the best around and thought Dean would enjoy trying it.”
Cas was in love. Cas had achieved what Rachel had wished for him. Cas slept better than he had in years. And no one, not even Sam Winchester, could take it away.
Dean didn’t answer. A moment later, he tilted his head slightly, and Cas felt a warm wet spot touch his own forehead.
“Hi Dean, Cas,” Andy smiled. “Sorry to just drop in. We figured Sam should swing by the house, maybe get some sleep, and, if you wanted, we could stop by yours, pick up anything you needed.”
But Dean wasn't walking away from this one. He might bury all sorts of his own feelings, but his brother would never be allowed to get away with the same.
“It’s alright,” his friend’s hand resumed rubbing his arm. “It’s alright. Let’s just sit here for a bit until you’re ready. I had an interesting conversation with Gabriel earlier. Would it help you to hear about it?”
Sam smiled at Cas, only to catch a glimpse of a familiar face making his way to the nurse’s station. “I’ll be back,” he said quickly, pulling away from his brother and darting toward the
“He got transferred. But right before he did, Dad used Sammy’s noggin’ for batting practice, and while he was under for a few days...let’s just say I told old Jim to fuck off for good.”
“You don’t have to handle this alone,” Cas pleaded. “Dean...I love him too. I won’t leave again. I mean it. I get it now. I’m...I’m in it with you now.”
“Do you remember the story you told me of that camp in the Hamptons and where the one boy kept harassing Lou?”
Sam blushed—from his neck to his hair. He scuffed his feet against the dirt path. “You,” he grumbled. It honestly wasn’t what Dean was expecting, but he felt a warmth and pride stirred in him all the same as he tugged his brother closer.
“We expats just so happen to have found the same Pub. Here, in the middle of the American desert, we sought out the same perfect Guinness. And, low and behold, here in middle-America, we found them. Just like mother made. ” He glanced toward Dean, who was hovering by the front door, smiling into his phone. “May I ask what brings you two here? Everything alright? Still on the wagon, I presume?”
Cas recognized Dean’s patient tone, and could now clearly recognize the other voice—Sam. Angry Sam, it seemed.
“Stand back!” the younger Winchester barked. He laid one hand on the mattress and leaned over his brother.
