The boy’s eyebrow cocked smugly as if to say ‘oh really?’ clearly thinking he was just playing along to his little act. Sherlock put a forceful hand on his chest and walked them back to center stage, showing him that he was most certainly
“No, it’s not that I don’t want it,” John said. “It actually sounds really nice. I just don’t see it happening with us.” The man nodded thoughtfully. “You know, I should probably find him,” John said. “He was somewhere around here . . .”
Sorry again I took so long to update! I'll try to be more regular, but can't make promises :/ I'm starting college in a week so might be busy. All the same, I'll try my best to keep up with this until it's done!
(See the end of the chapter for
“How are you doing by the way?” Sherlock asked softly, when at last he couldn’t stand the sight of him sitting there looking so small and hurt. So
“Great. That’s, um, good. At least now you can prepare accordingly in order to stop him.” It was lousy attempt at conversation, and John knew it. But he couldn’t bring himself to ignore him completely after his rudeness last night.
So John let him stay there, assuming he was just catching his breath. That was, until long fingers slowly trailed down his arm and laced through his own.
Also, this is now my first (and probably only) fic to pass 100k words! Yay!
“And a little scary.”
“John, for the last time, I can’t tell you. They’ll know if I do.”
“Tsk, tsk, Sherlock.” John was both furious with him and astounded that he remembered his name. “You should really train your pets better. This one will need some disciplining.”
Have a great day!
"What on earth makes you think I want to forget what happened?”
Afterwards, the reception took place in a party tent on the other side of the church. Guests mingled and sipped on champagne. Sherlock stood to the side, watching as the happy couple walked around greeting their guests. He had lost track of John but decided to let it be. They didn’t socialize very often, and if John wanted to chat with other people for a bit, he decided he wouldn’t get grumpy about it unless it lasted longer than fifteen minutes.
John’s stomach churned, and he suddenly wasn’t in the mood to discuss it. A moment ago, he was dying to clear the air. Now, he felt he’d rather wait another day to permanently ruin their relationship.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John! What the-”
But Sherlock didn’t hear anything past the first sentence. “You didn’t . . . what?”
“John, it’s fine. Don’t worry about it.”
Throughout the rest of the blissful day, John tried to ignore Victor and just be happy with Sherlock, but he could not ignore the sight of him, Jackson, and Bolt muttering secretively in a corner shooting fuming glances at the two of them.
He fumbled with it again only to find it miraculously worked again. He looked up into Sherlock’s now illuminated blue eyes and grounded himself in them.
Sherlock got John settled in front of the fire with a cup of tea and left to fetch whatever he had found. John took the opportunity to look around the grand living room, stocked with old books, clocks, and maps. To top it off was an excessively large painting of Gina and William Walters. Gina’s eyes were small and stern, and seemed to look directly at the inhabitants of the room.
He turned on her. “You’re absolutely sure you filed Moriarty’s autopsy files here and nowhere else?”
"Well you'll need to find your stuff first."
Sherlock nodded in understanding. Now that Molly and Greg were soon to be married, she had begun moving her things into his flat. That left Sally without a flat mate. Luckily, Sherlock and John knew just the right person in need of a place to stay, now that her criminal boyfriend was in prison.
“You know my brother and I have a . . . difficult relationship.”
“Sorry?”
They couldn’t brush this one under the rug. The dinner, the dancing, the club, their fight . . . they had been dancing around the edges of it for so long now, staying just back just far enough to be able to retreat at a moment’s notice. Not this time. It was time to talk. Well over time time to talk, in fact.
“Sherlock,” he whispered, repeating the thought to himself over and over like a mantra. The man who was supporting his dead weight released him. He fell to his knees, his head still spinning.
“Oh, yes. Just thought I’d unwind a bit. But it’s probably too warm to be good now.”
“John?” came a familiar, deep voice right outside the door. A voice he had never been more relieved to hear. A voice that meant comfort, safety, home.
, he grumbled to himself as he began soaking the wooden floor boards. Leaning on the handle of the mop, he looked up and took in the scene once more. The two crew members who had almost beaten him to a pulp yesterday were off to one side pulling on the sails. On the other side, Greg was standing at the wheel steering rigorously. One half, level below him was a young girl with a long brown ponytail going through a bin of what looked like heavy firearms.
“You said he works in government. Surely he could be of use.”
Sherlock waited for a nod of consent from John before approaching the door.
The one where he had whispered those forbidden words against Sherlock’s chest in a moment of weakness, not knowing or caring if he could hear him.
“That’ll do,” came Moriarty’s voice, muffled and disoriented in John’s ears as if coming from underwater. “Untie the others.”
*****
John laughed warmly. “You didn’t seem to think so when you were pretending to be Westley saving the day.”
"Sherlock. You don't have to forget about a thing," he said running a hand through his curls and cupping his face. After a moment, the two of them smiled and broke out into a fit of childlike giggles.
It doesn’t make sense!”  John refrained from telling him that there indeed was an explanation for everything, but not one Sherlock wanted to acknowledge.
John looked up and realized he still had his hands on Sherlock’s chest, and had been gradually inching closer. So close, he could see his small reflection in Sherlock’s aquamarine eyes. They were serious and slightly stern, pointedly staring back down at him.
Furious, Sherlock stormed up several levels before reaching the captain’s quarters, resting his hand on the door handle, and closing his eyes. His cold-hearted antics had always gotten prisoners to crack almost instantly in the past. Why was this one being so infuriatingly stubborn? And his hat looked fantastic on him, thank you very much!
Sherlock lay pale-faced with his mouth hanging open, his head completely cracked in two clean halves. Dark blood pooled around him and spilled from his eye sockets and gaping mouth. His lifeless eyes remained wide open and stared at him accusingly.
“Sorry, what?”
The current song ended, followed by a few moments of awkward silence and shuffling before the next one played.
If you want, you can follow me on tumblr at itsjohnlockokay for more writing!
TWO YEARS LATER
Several drinks later, Sherlock and John had both shifted to the center of the couch and were chuckling into their drinks. Empty bottles were scattered around the table as the credits of
John breathed heavily through gritted teeth, fighting through the pain in his throbbing head, his burning chest, his aching ribs.
John looked away, but Sherlock lifted his face with his hands, forcing him to keep eye contact again.
John looked at Greg, who was watching with misty eyes. He remembered the few times Sherlock had talked about his family – he’d spoken as though he never wanted to see them again. Like he’d been freed from their clutches and never looked back. But he also remembered that night he’d caught Sherlock high out of his mind. He’d rambled about their abandonment, how he’d disgraced them and couldn’t live with their disappointment. John had been curious about which version of events held more truth, but he’d never asked. He’d never pushed Sherlock into talking about it. And now he realized, as Sherlock trembled in the arms of this man, that he’d carried something with him for all these years – a burden, a troubling secret, a painful wound too heavy for anyone to have to bear alone.
“Sherlock isn’t anyone’s pawn!” John snarled.  David did not miss that the doctor took a side step closer to the detective, moving his body to shield the man from the new threat.  Sherlock also noticed.
The flat was disheveled to say the least.  It was a mess from one corner to the other, full of the refuse that he left behind in his distracted meanderings and unfocused meditations.  There were several reasons that would justify sifting through the throng of half-finished experiments, open file folders, books, and cups of cold tea, for his phone and yet none compelling enough to override what he now could consciously admit was his own avoidance, mainly regarding the issue of checking to see if there was any response from John Watson.  So instead he went about clearing his kitchen of as many of the old tests to make way for a new one, which would require a lot more room.
John made an undignified snort of disbelief, before he answered the ignorant man, “It’s the 22.”
The consulting detective put his own hands into the pockets of his dark trousers, assuming a much more casual stance, before he responded to the inspector’s question.  “A man has taken his last leap, Inspector, and made a terrible mess in doing so.”
“I took the liberty of filching some from the ambulances. Thought they may be useful.” Sherlock explained, as he put the car in gear again. He steered them out on to the main road in town, heading in the direction of the motorway.
The blond stepped toward his fledgling, reaching out a hand and clasping David’s forearm, as he sweetly remarked, “Go fuck yourself, David.”
His brother produced a plane ticket from the inner pocket of his suit jacket and offered it to him.  The ticket was for a red eye in a few hours that would take him across the ocean to Newfoundland.  The detective refused to take it and instead reached across to wipe his finger at the small trace of white powdered sugar on his brother’s expensive grey suit.  Mycroft lost all composure in the face of such ignorant torment and slapped his hand away with a disgusted bluster.  “Ugh—grow up!  Please realize…”, he paused only to straighten his jacket and attempt to quell his heightened rage at the blatant slight sustained, as Sherlock added insult to injury and made a show of licking the sugar from his finger, “that I am trying to help you.”
The detective did not have to ask why.  It was written plainly on the vampire’s face—this new face that was somehow still comfortingly familiar.  John’s motives had always been altruistic.  He was concerned for the detective’s own well-being, certainly now given Moriarty’s reintroduction and villainous demonstration of his recently acquired avant-garde supernatural capabilities—always the showman in both thought and talent.  It did not bother Sherlock that John was clearly here out of duty.  He would take whatever the other man was willing to give him.
From the kitchen, he paced into the bedroom, checking the street through the window.  Then he returned to the parlor, glancing behind the curtains to the night beyond.  Sherlock fished his mobile from the pocket of his housecoat, checking the lock-screen for messages.  Nothing.  He returned to the bedroom and for the first time since returning to the flat, acknowledged the mess.
John shook his head.  “Gotta’ be a ploy of some kind.” He surmised, which was likely true.  But who’s?
"Thank you for meeting me," Armand began, leaning forward he outstretched a hand across the table and clasped Louis own, "I always enjoy seeing you." Before the taller man had totally reacted to the touch, the other had withdrawn and resumed a casual recline in his seat.
"Right." He managed.  "Good deduction. Now, leave off, would you?" John pushed against the other to lean up, when he was stopped dead in his efforts to escape by the timid ghost-soft touch of those full lips against his own.
It was hard for Louis to accept Lestat's forget-and-move-on strategy for it did not seem to oil the gears in the manner that his maker perceived.  Not in his mind.  Louis wanted that apology, wanted that verbal understanding that there had been wrong between them, and that there would be desire in the future to prevent such circumstances from reoccurring.  Yet in his current predicament, he seen no alternative to allowing the other to slip back in, without the hesitance his own mind desired for that reconciliation.  He wanted to know what Lestat was up to and it would only serve to push the other away if he created friction against his maker's wants and needs, which in turn could end disastrously for the detective on Baker Street.
Sherlock, however, had deftly rolled off the bed and calmly strode forward. His naked form a blur as he crossed the room faster than any mortal could have seen. Using both hands Sherlock shoved the laughing blond out of the room—a maneuver the powerful vampire prankster allowed. The new fledgling vampire did pause long enough to catch the dazzling azure gaze and, with a superior smirk, he slammed the door in his maker’s face.
They checked out one more place without any luck before returning to the safe house.  When they came inside, Sherlock shed his coat and quickly returned to his mess on the kitchen table, rifling through the papers, beginning to scribble notes in red on some of them.  John lingered, entering the kitchen but feeling useless there at the same time.  The vampire began to wonder if it was all worth it, all this time and effort, when Moriarty seemed to be a greater threat, with far more mysterious powers.
“I say I am looking for John specifically because that
Sherlock grimaced at the crude thought. All his life, he had been blinded by the mortal worlds clouded sense of reality. He ran a finger along the red twine, from one of the notes that read the name
Louis nodded accommodatingly, pulling the ridiculous yellow and orange toque out of his pocket and over his ears. "See you in a while." Was all he said before he left the small café and joined the few folks who bustled down the sidewalk. Louis vanished seamlessly into the cold night.
What they did have going in their favor was that the rogue group, although secretive, had taken it upon themselves to act on findings and interact willingly with creatures they were supposed to strictly observe. The information seemed to point towards the group interfering with supernatural creature’s whom harbored ill intentions for the general public, but that was strictly conjecture. They would have a far better chance of interacting with a member of this group rather than the original faction and if they were responsible for Mary’s demise then it would make John’s justice, much simpler.
Armand’s eyes darkened as he turned in his seat, the squeak of leather rubbing as he gripped the arm and leaned towards Louis, "And what if it is more than your 'ear' that I want, Louis?"
"Why all the questions, David? They are bothersome. I feel interrogated!  Answer mine first.  Why are
The vampire looked down at the gift and then the plastic was popped and sweet tangy human blood was filling his mouth. John moaned in appreciation, as the nausea receded, and the thirst slowly dissipated to a dull ache in the put of his stomach. He finished them off, one by one, growing less enthusiastic as he went through them. As his hunger was pushed down his mind began to wonder just where the packets had come from.
“May I kiss you now?”
“Just I could hear you arguing with yourself a bit and figured you'd like a cup of tea is all. I was up to make myself a night cap anyhow.” A smile pursed the soft rose lips of the older woman as Sherlock caught the whiff of scotch on the steam that wafted over from the land lady’s tea cap.
The girl got up from her chair and when to the other side of the room.  He watched her as she went to the side board and poured a glass of water from a cracked ceramic jug.  When she returned, it was offered to him and the detective did not hesitate to guzzle it down, surprised that he was still thirsty when it was gone.  She got him another and he did the same, finding himself slightly more satiated after the second drought of it.  He held the empty cup and she nodded her head towards the pot, saying, "Won't be much longer and I will have something else for ya'."
all along?” John spat, pointing at the so far very quiet and very still figure of the consulting detective the fledgling had just stepped in to protect from his maker.  The younger Holmes remained still, watching and observing, calculating, just as the elder one was from behind his desk.
As he marched up the steps to his flat he declined the stuttered offer of tea from Mrs. Hudson, whose face was flushed with the telltale signs of an eavesdropper.  He came through the open doorway into the silent sitting room of his flat and promptly fell back onto the long worn leather couch, pushing the familiar union jack throw pillow under his head and wrapping his coat about himself.  The blue scarf he favored was bundled about his chin and mouth, as he folded his arms over his chest.  He kept his fingers knotted in fists, denying himself the steeple he used for deep thinking.  He did not want to think, to dwell any longer on the thoughts raging uninhibited within his cranium.
The inspector highly doubted it—at least he hoped Sherlock wouldn’t lower himself to such despicable measures—he was supposed to be finding John Watson.
“Thank you,” John said, it was a choked response.  The doctor hated goodbyes.  They were always awkward and this one was especially so.  “I appreciate it…I appreciate everything, Louis.”
There were a few other thoughts that the immortal received shortly after within the same realm of sentiment, leaning ever more towards the erotic as both of the tossers eyed his short stature and thin build.  These were received only in parts, crowded by the jumble of other thoughts that he was receiving from within the vicinity as well as the noises of the busy intersection and buildings around them.  His senses seemed to be on high alert, absorbing anything and everything, taking it all in with no filter, bombarding him from all directions.  Overwhelming was an understatement.
John’s head snapped toward his impudent car-mate, chiding, “You better be joking.”
It was obvious that Mycroft, the tit, had known all along that vampires were real and had also become privy to the fact that Lestat had an interest in him.  Yet running away could not possibly have been the best means of dealing with either.  The thought crossed his mind as to weather or not his elder sibling was looking for him—of course he would be, he always was—and if he could not be found would their parents would be informed?  The thought was just as quickly dismissed, as he envisioned teary eyed wailing from his mother and the saddened lost mask his father would assume to help her through the ordeal.  It was a wasted thought.  Mycroft wouldn’t dare.
The blond folded his arm defiantly with half hooded eyes and a crooked grin, baring his fangs, he rebuked, “And what exactly are you planning on doing?  Sitting me in the corner?”
John could see those dark eyes searching his face and he tried not to make eye contact for too long. So, this had been what Louis had meant.  Meeting Lestrade was a thousand times more irritatingly uncomfortable than being forced back into Sherlock’s company.  Sherlock was a cock.  Lestrade was kind and worried and needed answers that John could not give him.   It didn’t take long for him to ask, “Care to enlighten me?”
They went to the front and ordered two teas from the tiny girl behind the counter. Heavy dark rimmed Raybans could not hide the whites of her eyes, as she eyed the two hotties before her. Her cheeks grew pinker as she plugged the order into the automated register and took payment, all the while her mind screaming loudly how gorgeous they both were. John was beginning to grow accustomed to this reaction, the desire that mortals felt within their presence, but he still couldn’t help the twitch of a smile at the corner of his mouth, as he thanked the girl for her service and her chestnut eyes sparkled radiantly back.
“Where’s John?!” he demanded harshly.
John wasn't gay and Sherlock, well…he didn't really think about it much but the doctor was pretty sure he had a thing for 'the woman'.
Why the sudden introduction of another person?  This was the warning.  Interesting but not intriguing.  Sherlock couldn’t help the disappointed tone, as he responded truthfully, “No.”
David shook his head.  “They are more concerned with your involvement.  You must remember that above all else they work to keep our kind and others under the mortal radar.  That’s why your little game has drawn so much of their attention.”  David sighed again and admonished his maker, “I am not stupid, Lestat.  I came because it is obvious that you are going to reveal yourself to this detective, if you haven’t already.”
“Yeah, well,” John sighed and just decided to have out with it, “Mary’s dead.”
Sherlock's shoulders relaxed a minute degree.  He took a deep breath, moistening his lips, before he regained his dignity and straightened his spine.  Like a true Holmes, he tilted his head ever so slightly back, before he repeated himself, carefully, clearly, and with purpose.  "I know who killed Mary."
Softly, Sherlock requested the unexpected.  "Come to bed with me, John."
The answer took Lestat off guard and in his annoyance he strode past David entirely and paused, as his fledgling watched him blatantly snatch a hot beverage from a nearby table where a couple sat cooing at one another.  The immortal’s movement was so fast that neither had a chance to notice.
The consulting detective’s emotions shifted back to the organization and to his brother at this statement, focusing in on one single fact.  “You knew this.  You knew even before John became involved with her.  Why did you allow this to proceed?  For things to get this far?!”
It had been hard for the consulting detective to sleep after the enthralling discussion late that night with the strange and alluring new American tenant.  Sherlock had failed to keep the man’s company and the loss had left him bored and irritated once more, however, the stranger had given him much to ponder.  He had applied a nicotine patch and then took up residence on the long couch along the wall by the door, closing his eyes and opening the doors to his mind palace.  There he proceeded to organize, review, and file what he had been able to glean in their short interlude.  The encounter with his neighbor had been strange given the general pedestrian context of normal people’s interactions.  This man definitely did not fit into that category and therefore warranted extra consideration on the detective’s part.
Sherlock gave another exasperated growl and dropped his forehead down with a thunk onto the other man's shoulder.  John's muscles seemed to tense under the grip he held on his shoulders and then a hand came up to pat his back, as John pleading requested, "Please, just put your pants on and I’ll help you with the kitchen.”
"Mary wanted action, the ability to do something if she felt the need to do so."  Marisa explained, sounding forlorn—longing for the comradery that she had shared with the other woman.  "Mary wanted justice, wanted to be a good person.  The Iuris promised that.  It just wasn't all it was cracked up to be once we were a part of it."
Johns hands stilled when Louis grip loosened, allowing his nod before he was released and coughing he rubbed at his throat, staggering back a few steps to grip the near by settee for balance. The scene was surreal and that was saying something coming from the last 5 years of his life but still, the man in front of him, the story he was being told, Mary. John felt like the line of reality was slipping from his grip and fighting it he tossed his head down, eyes clenched tight as he gave his head a violent shake, in hopes to clear it and only immediately regret his decision.
“Yes, I can imagine he must be. After all, that man being killed just in front of the flat…” Louis was cut off as the teapot was refilled and the woman waved her free hand at him dismissively.
John felt the over powering ecstasy of the feeding begin to overtake him, his cock growing hard, pleasure consuming his thoughts, drowning out all else. All he could feel and think was the blood—his blood—it was like nothing that he had tasted before, a bouquet all to his own.
John was not hampered by his flat mate’s annoyance.  The sound of that adhesive tearing free accompanied by the resounding yelp of pain had been terribly satisfying.  The doctor tried not to let it show, Sherlock would most certainly already know, and instead reverted back to his initial mission.  He shook the floppy beige patch at the consulting detective, scolding his friend, “Four patches, Sherlock?!  I thought we had discussed this?  We agreed no more patches, not bloody four of ‘em!”
“Oh, Mr. Holmes!” the man bellowed, with a guffaw laughter, “You have hit the nail right on the head!”  The triumphant demeanor melted away to reveal a dramatically saddened visage, as he whispered, “But still I fear you do not believe me.”  He paused and his lips moved from a pouting frown into wan smile.  “And it is far more entertaining to watch that little brain of yours whir about trying to concoct a logical explanation.  I will give you a small piece of advice.  Forget the logical and use your gut, hmm.”
"Sherlock," the name was croaked out, a plea, the tranquil expression replaced with a horrific grimace of pain.
The detective knew that the chemical process of changing one's hair color was not all that time consuming and was easily accessible to even the most novice of users but it also came with certain other characteristics that the girl before him lacked.  Marisa smelled as she always had on the island, the simple fragrance of the wind-swept cliffs and sea spray, with the underlying smell of femininity—which after all, was a rather plain smell that he supposed was uncharacteristic of an individual at all.  He wondered then if the body odor she always exuded—so unchanging—was a mask, like the change in her hair color had been the other night.  There was no smell of chemical processing and he knew that to shift one's locks from dark to light was tedious and often destructive to the hair follicle itself.  This was something
Memories of the two of them, years prior, in this same position, transcended between both men’s expressions and minds. Like liquid smoke, each felt the other’s variations. John swallowed hard, his eyes remaining fixed on the genius’s face. He took quick, darting glances between those piercing, ever-shifting cobalt and forest eyes, and the thin, pink lips. His mouth was quirked, playfully waiting for John’s answer.
“Do you mind if I smoke my pipe out here?” he asked courteously.
Sherlock knew this place by its profound beauty and splendor. This was one of the many reasons tourists visited Karlstejn Castle. This was the Chapel of the Holy Cross, a jewel crafted and honed after years of collecting and gathering and production by Charles IV. His holy sanctuary, where he recreated what some say he believed to be a new Jerusalem.
Louis took a seat off to the side of his designated gate, staring through the large bay windows into the darkness outside. He brushed back a few straggling tendrils of raven-black hair which had escaped from his braid to curve under the turn of his jaw, all the while tracking the movements of luggage trains that taxied about on the tarmac and the pulsing of airplane lights on the runway beyond the thin barrier of glass. Looking away the immortal set his worn canvas messenger bag on the empty seat beside him and adjusted the loose fitting navy cable knit sweater to sit more comfortably against his frame. He crossed legs encased in worn button fly jeans and opened that day's copy of the New York Times.
"Be that as it may, this much is consistent amongst your kind. The most intriguing is, despite how remarkable no longer physically aging may be, your mind also seems to gain this immortality as well and is able to continue to thrive." Sherlock was interrupted by a loud John derisive snort.
The man gave a derisive sigh and brought thin fingers up to rub at his eyes, explaining tersely, “It was a necessary amelioration of the agreed upon terms of use.”
A gloved hand enclosed his and after a brief shake, the other introduced himself as, Louis, the new tenant for 221 Baker Street.  The other man was tall, and visibly lean, even in the worn navy cable-knit jumper.  John couldn’t help but take note that he was some kind of un-real handsome, like the individual had just strolled out of a photo shoot or off a movie set.  His skin was as white as ivory and so smooth—almost in startling contrast to all his medical training, this pallor seemed to make the man more attractive and John found it hard to look away.
Sherlock’s face contorted with palpable frustration and rage. “This is what I want! This is my choice, John!” he hissed. Almost angrily, he leaned forward, running his hands down the cool perfection of the immortal’s chest. It was the same, yet so different, and some corner of his mind was already cataloging the differences, adding to his new knowledge base that was ‘John Watson – Immortal’.
This wasn’t going very well, he thought uncomfortably. Maybe he had done something wrong? Why hadn’t Sherlock reacted this way last night? He had seemed to really enjoy this, so what was John doing that was so different? Frustrated, he shifted once more and gasped as Sherlock thrust forward again. It didn’t hurt nearly as much this time, but it still burned.
Mycroft could no longer wait, his impatience fueled by his long ignored urges and by David’s teasing, having been brought to that point of near ecstasy twice now without fulfillment.  His hands reached down between their bodies, even as David invaded his mouth with his own tongue, and grasped the vampire’s straining organ.  His intent was clear and David brought one hand down to assist.  He positioned himself to press against the other’s oil slicked opening.  Slowly he pressed the head of his own erection inside the hot confines, waiting for Mycroft to let out the breath he was holding, before he thrust inwards the rest of his length.
Marisa’s mouth quirked slightly at the corner, popping a slight dimple in her cheek. “Especially those.” She replied. She knew the line was baited and although she nibbled, she did not bite. She bypassed by adding, “Watching wasn't good enough for Mary anymore."
Sherlock could identify with the reasoning, he just hated to be put as means to that end.  No matter how he looked at the relationship between them, he cringed to think that it would remain only temporary.
The house seemed silent and would have been completely so to any mortal ears.  To his own enhanced hearing though he could detect the sound of movement coming from the second floor.  He took the extra wide staircase two steps at a time, following the noise down a long hallway to a set of ornate french-style doors, that opened into a large library.  The expanse of the room beyond defied reason.  It was much to large to fit inside the house he had just explored and he took a moment just to gawk at it.  There was floor to ceiling bookshelves, lined with more books than he had ever saw before, lined up in five duplicate rows on either side of the doorway.  In the middle of this open space there was a large wooden desk, with a laptop, sporting a high wing-back chair, which was flanked by two leather club chairs for guests or clients.
“Well, you see, I have a remarkable gift.” The man explained, hanging his towel, “But it comes at a cost, the benefits of which I believe outweighs the somewhat questionable moral sacrifices.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said, for the first time finding something about John’s immortality that wasn’t to his palette. The detective reached behind him in the car, fishing through something in the back seat. When he sat back, he tossed John a couple of plastic pouches, that landed on his lap with a plop. “This may help.”
“You’re here to warn me of something.” The detective deduced.  The answer had come out in a quickly delivered monotone blurb, which was received by the stranger as being eager.  Sherlock was eager—desperately in need of a distraction from his failed experiments, John’s bemusing episodes since his return from the grave, and his own incessant boredom—and it was even more alluring to know that this man had so easily read this from his own still continence.
“Water.” John surmised, recognizing his answer.
“Lesta—,” The name was cut off by the sharp crack of flesh on flesh as Louis staggered and fell to the ground from the impact of his maker’s hand, the print still hot on his cheek.
Instead he conceded to leave her a note, to give an explanation of some kind to ease her pain—much against Louis’ advice.  He just couldn’t leave her to suffer this way.  Not when he could possibly explain her pain away with some made up lie.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed slightly at either the tone or words, but it made him look even more striking. Then he took a deliberate step back. He stood straight and tall, the picture of perfection in his silk shirt and tailored slacks. “If I wanted a drunk in my bed I could have gone to any pub and found one.” His voice was cool and distant, nothing like it had been last night.
The brat prince had been particularly well behaved and it would have been nice for Louis to believe that his concern was, just this once unfounded but as the days passed he was more and more certain that Lestat had instigated the scene that took place in the flat above his own. It had been a long time since his brazen maker had taken this much interest in such mundane matters as playing match-maker with two mortals. After all, in comparison to his usual foray with ancient blood drinkers, demons, devils and witches, it just seemed bland and that was what had him uneasy. There was no doubt the genius detective was unique, he had to agree.  It was what had prompted his own little journey and subsequently, his makers interest. The curiosity helped along by the recent shine he had taken to detective stories, notably Agatha Christie, discovered after a particularly rewarding trip to the local bookstore by the apartment he had recently rented in Vancouver.
The warning was warranted, might prevent disaster for the man, if only he would heed it.  Unlike his maker Louis knew that the detective would at least consider the warning.  It would have to be enough.
"Alright." Came the detectives surprising response and immediately John somehow knew the detective’s focus had switched to attempting to gain access to the 'safe room' while the vampire was gone.
Seeing the detective had not stirred at the sound of his shout the doctor stalked the rest of the way over to the couch, grabbed a corner of a patch, and ripped.  The calm face, reposed as if in death the man’s skin was so pale, suddenly changed, coming to life.  His eyebrows knit over his angry eyes as the doctor was nailed with a perfectly annoyed grimace, as the cupid’s bow of his serene lips curled back over grit teeth, and the man answered the question John had thought had gone unheard and ignored, “It was for an experiment.”
The man was prone, belly on the floor, his head turned at an awkward angle.  The inspector considered that he must have rolled him over as he opened the door.  He bent down and grabbed the other man’s far shoulder, to pull him onto his back.  The body flopped rather lifelessly and Greg was concerned to note that his skin had a rather ashen hue—paler than usual.  He grabbed the man’s face between his hands and slapped one cheek and then the other, yelling, “Wakey, wakey, Sherlock!  Up and at ‘em, yeah!”
Cautiously, John uncovered his eyes, just enough to peer up at the detective. Those eyes were blazing brightly with self-gratitude. It was an expression John was overly familiar with. They were lit with the same fire as when he had proven a theory of his right. Before John could figure out what the madman had figured out, Sherlock pressed his open mouth against John’s.
Moriarty gave him a look over, from his toes to the crown of his head, and then stepped in closer. Arms wrapped tenderly around his shoulders, fingers tangling briefly in golden trestles of hair as he pressed his slender body along the lean cool form of the vampire in a morbid display of false affection. The coal black eyes swam like pools of tar, churning with what Lestat could imagine to be souls of the damned. His stomach roiled against having this creature against him and yet, against his own volition his arms reached out and wrapped around the smaller man’s waist.
He was still strangling the neck between them, but Sherlock was on the other side now. He faced John, pleading with him to relent. The legs gave way and John felt the body fall like a dead weight. He let go and let it fall to the ground, between them, not at all regretting what he had done. The blond head lolled lifelessly to the side, the blue eyes vacant and grey now in death, the pink tongue slipped out past parted lips.
The petulant child finally won out in the reserved detective and he gave a comical sneer that twisted his entire face, as he spat down at John, “Oh, you would!”  He flipped a dismissive hand, spinning slightly towards the blond vampire on his other side, as he cried, “Regardless of what
Sherlock watched John, a little unsettled and disappointed by the break in their interlude, as the other man got to his feet and turned, walking out of the bathroom.  It was an odd way to end what they had started and in deed the doctor was acting so casual that it led his friend to wonder if it was as though he were acting like nothing of that sort had occurred between them. Induced by his own hurt and anxiety, the detective called after the other only to be called back to from beyond in the flat.  "Don't you think we should clean this up or something?  How in the hell did you even get the bloody thing up here by yourself?"
“What type of agents have been defecting?” Mycroft demanded.
“Well, who the hell are these people?”
Blam-blam! The Glock kicked in his hand, and John relished the feel of it. The two went through firing the guns into the water several more times, bantering and tittering like two kids who had constructed firecrackers out of a chemistry set.
“Okay,” she said, sounding gratefully, “thank you.”
“A note?” the inspector questioned.  It was certainly fishy.  “It didn’t come in the mail?”
“Off so soon?” Lestat crooned at her, his voice unable to keep from sounding disdained.
Sherlock would try to picture a scene in his mind and John would be able to pick it up but it lacked any detail.  It was fuzzy, like a heavy lens blur was being used. While Sherlock could not read any of what John was thinking, the vampire could project a thought or images into Sherlock’s mind with some work. This was even more broken and hard on both parties. John felt mentally tired by the end of it and his thirst was beginning to build to an unboreable level, when Sherlock’s mobile lit up with a call from Mycroft.
Moriarty lent down and gently patted drawn cheek of the weeping vampire. He brought his fingers to his mouth, red with bloody tears, and happily sucked them clean with a gleeful chuckle, enjoying the creature’s misery.
“Give him back!” John demanded.
Even as they drew closer to the popular university area, with its tinker shops, eclectic fashion boutiques, bars, pubs, and coffee shops, they were not crowded. This was also a reason why Louis had brought him here. As people drew in around them, out for the early March evening, there was still only a fourth of the number as there would have been back home in London. He felt the thirst within him, but feeding had dulled its pull on his thoughts, and he felt quite at ease with Louis at his side as they made their way to the Starbucks on the corner—their usual haunt.
John wasn't about to let that challenge go unanswered.  Darting across the parlor he jumped on top of his flat mate, wrestling free the pillow he so ardently tried to use in defense. "You can't quit what you didn't start, you sod!" he jeered as he pushed the pillow down on the others face.
Glaring warning signals were going off in his brain, instinct demanded he leave the highly dangerous creature alone, but the scientific mind demanded that he utilize the little time remaining to determine what he could. The risk was a necessity for the greater understanding of John’s vulnerability in this state. It would help him determine what the threat of disturbing the vampire was, how well the creature could defend itself on its own, and some of the instinctual reactions of the transformation on the man. Sherlock gaged first the maximum extension of his reach with the broom and then cautiously moved towards to foot of the bed, not trusting the distance provided by coming along side the creature. With a deep inhalation, he slowly extended half of his maximum reach out and touched the edge of the broom head to the footboard on the bed.
It was said with a certain finality, like one might speak the times tables, as exact truth, but it was far from where Sherlock wished to leave it.  He moved to speak but the man grabbed the door and forced it shut, leaving Sherlock sputtering on the sidewalk, as the car pulled away and back into traffic.
“I will do my best.” He returned politely.
Shuffling over he prepared to crawl into bed when a hand on his arm stopped him. Look up at Sherlock, he was startled to notice how bright the detective’s unusual eyes were and felt a jolt of awareness shiver through him. Only because of the awkward position they were in, John told himself fiercely. His trousers were after all downstairs in a heap and the man was helping him to bed.
“I don’t have all the details,” David confessed, his voice returned to that impassive diplomatic tone, John felt was surely meant to school him, “but what I can tell you is that my sources indicate that Mary was a part of this group and then that she wasn’t.  Leaving is not supposed to be easy but the Talmasca is still diplomatic.  I know, I was a part of this organization for a long time before I was turned.  They would not murder a deserter.  She must have been on the run from someone far more dangerous and, given your involvement, she must have let her guard down.  That is ultimately the truth behind why she was murdered.”
He felt that it would be correct to assume that because the postcard was signed with Mary’s name preceding John’s and by the femininity of the script that she had penned the note.
“There! Clearly you have suffered no real harm, nor would yo—“The word smeared into a cry as John’s fist connected with the side of Sherlock’s face, catapulting him out of the mind palace.
John ran to the large slab of metal that was the door.  It was flat and cold and for all purposes seemed to be impenetrable, but it was the only door in the entire place that could possibly have a bell.  He banged on it and shouted, “Help!  Help me!  I’m trapped!  I’m a prisoner!  Get me outta’ here!”
Then he was gone and his fledgling was left to ponder.
“You can.” That was all Sherlock said when he pulled his mouth away, those perfect lips glistening and red before he lowered his head once more. This time he ignored John’s cock, lips brushing against his balls instead. He slowly rolled one into his mouth, circling the sensitive skin with his tongue, before sucking. One, then the other. He lapped at them, rolling them and licking, distracting John and fanning the raging fire he had burning inside.
“She did, did she?  Hmmm.” The dark haired detective answered, musingly, as his head returned to its previous position, hands still steepled in thought.
He propelled himself up into the sky using his cloud gift, disappearing into the darkness of night and the glare of the city lights. The night air was warm, especially above the metropolitan area, and he reveled in the way the air whipped at his curls and ruffled the cassock, as he flew unseen by the mortals below.
John growled at the other man. “Do
"There is no sandbox here, David." Lestat replied caustically.
Sherlock coiled back, once more letting John go. In a motion that John was sure that the genius was not fully aware of, Sherlock coiled in on himself. “I refused him, John.” The statement hung stagnant in the air between them. “I refused the gift, and he came after you,” he whispered brokenly.
After a moment John let his lover slide free from his mouth, earning a mournful little whimper as he licked his lips and swallowed. He met the rich lust-darkened eyes of the detective and smiled slyly, "Maybe I just missed you."
“Mon du, Louis!” he spat the words turning to look at the other and trying to keep his tone from a yell, as he fought to quell his unbridled rage. “You would drive me to madness! You-You coddle that wicked little bastard as if he was the wounded child he looks to be and forgive so easily the devil that has tried to see the ruin of me!  And you as well, I might add.”
After a moment had passed he had pushed back the desire and released his grip on the arms of the chair, realizing the wood beneath the upholstered cover had splintered.
David sighed again, long and grating, as fingers came up and rubbed at his temple.  “I myself cannot but I do still have some connections that may be of use here.” the vampire admitted.  Then his demeanor shifted from one of sympathy and compassion to something else John was not sure he liked.  “The question is…why should I?”
The vampire looked unsettled and Sherlock attempted to reign back his mental hypotheses to see if it lightened the mood any.  John sighed again, this time attempting to reply, but obviously guarding his words, "Sherlock, I really don't wanna get into it now."
The cigarette was drawn back to his lips as the mousy woman rejected the jacket with an appreciative blush and smile.  Feeling awkward to have his gentlemanly gesture snubbed, he slowly maneuvered back into it, leaving the front undone and open to invite the chilled air within.  Molly was grateful, but she must not have intended to stay with him long.
“Do you think they will hurt her?” Greg asked, “These bastards that went after ya’?  I can post extra guards on the block.”
At some point he had lapsed into sleep and there Sherlock had slept for a few hours before a stray beam of sunshine that had slipped between the curtains blinded him awake, with its warm and delightful presence.  He had turned away in defiance, burying his still groggy head into the corner of the cushions.  It was only another twenty three minutes before he was on his feet and in the bathroom—where he promptly remembered that he was avoiding the bathroom at all costs.  This time he locked the door from the inside and slammed it shut, irritated by the flashes of memory that sparked in his mind upon the mere entrance into that room.  He settled for washing up in the kitchen sink and finger combing his dark curls back from his forehead.  They fell right back into place over his right eyebrow by the time he had shed his clothes and replaced them with crisp clean ones from the closet.
The room was suddenly filled with Lestat’s laughter, the pitch was sharp and startled the detective, who bit his lip, making him all the more angry for being startled by something so benign. The blond dropped the towel carelessly to the floor and cast a dazzling smile of amusement at the brunet.
“Yeah?”
It was reflex to curse the reaction that he didn’t understand.  For all rights and purposes his brain was still agitated, irritated, focused on the sheer audacity of the impertinent bastard—genius or not he knew how to be a bloody jerk all the same!  And then why was his body reacting—he reflexively swallowed—otherwise?
“Ooooh,” Moriarty cooed, as he rubbed his hands vigorously together, “I’m afraid you’ve already been cast and believe me, baby, this is your staring role!”  The mad man’s head dipped ever so slightly, as the enlarge pupil took over the rest of the white left of his eyes, leaving nothing but pitch in their wake.  His hands flew apart and he snapped his fingers, as he crowed, “Simon says…cry.”
“It is.” Lestat insisted, having seen the resentment plainly. “I have given the both of you the gift of a life together forever.  To solve all your crimes and all your mysteries, to continue the work without the threat of death, illness, or immobility.”
“I appreciate your concern, Lestat, but all joking aside, what exactly are you doing here?” The dark haired vampire was thankful for the relative privacy the window seat offered from the rest of the late night coffee shop patrons. Despite Lestat’s inclination for drawing attention to himself, his primary audience aside from David were the few mortals still up and bustling about outside, too busy and too cold to care about the young man with his back turned to them.
Sherlock was quiet.  Contemplative, gaze centered out the window, his hand rubbing his mouth now as he thought.  Finally in a distracted tone he repeated.  "Some thing."
“It rings now that he has returned?” Mycroft asked.
Instead he hailed a taxi, much to Sherlocks disappointment.
"Very." she answered bitterly, with a concise nod of her head.  "He has in his possession an ancient artifact that has ability to amplify his telekinetic abilities.  He has been using it of late to bully the other elders into coinciding with his decisions, making it look like a democracy, when it’s all just a facade to hide his own agenda.  I'm not sure what he's trying to attain but it obviously is off the mark to say the least.  It's like he wants to start a damn war or something."
to know.  I don't want
Amidst the tempest of pain and confusion the deep feeling of fear began to mingle with desire, amplified by the press of the body against his own. His mind was reeling, the door to his guarded mind had been blasted open and like oil in water, memories of the last time he had felt John’s body against his own rose to the surface. The pain melted away until there was only the pressure of building pleasure.
There was movement behind him and Sherlock fought the urge to twist around, to nervously lash out at the other’s departure.  He froze, body half submerged in the water, and listened to the footsteps—not rushed with frustrated haste or the need to escape, but slow and sure.  John’s standing form appeared in the periphery of his vision, blue jeans and dress shirt sleeves rolled up to the elbows.  The man stopped beside the tub, his fingers trailing along the lip of the white ceramic, black blood from the pig outlining his fingernails.
The shaggy curls tickled the side of John’s face as his hands unconsciously rubbed slowly up and down Sherlock’s sides soothingly. The gesture was both needed and familiar, for both men. Despite their size differences, the embrace felt like they fit perfectly together, that they were made for one another.
“No.” Sherlock returned, with a resigned sigh. He did not hesitate to correct the young female, “Extra hot is an expression that leaves the barista to select an appropriate temperature anywhere between one-hundred-sixty-five degrees and one-hundred-eighty. I would like my latte made to one-hundred-seventy degrees.”
Unaccustomed to this distracting engagement with his own thoughts and rampant emotions Sherlock laid there on the couch for a long time, staring at the window that over looked Baker Street beyond.  Slowly he cleared his head, messy with tedious half-thoughts, wishes, fantasies, facts, and memories, moving all of them into little packets, attempting to create a loose semblance of order.
When Louis had even suggested they go to the opening of a lavish night-club, citing his own desire to see the Cirque du Soleil performers that were advertised to attend, Lestat knew well enough that the other man was trying to compensate. Although the emerald-eyed vampire did have a soft spot for the lithe and professional performers he also knew that Louis had already seen that particular performance theme the last time the troupe had been in been in Miami.
He felt oddly exposed standing there in only his shorts with Sherlock only a couple feet away, fully dressed in his usual designer clothes. Quickly he turned, praying that the other man had not noticed his half erection and carefully began crawling into bed. As he was doing this he heard the other man walk out of the room. “Thank god,” he breathed to himself as he sank down face first onto the cool sheets.
“Louis?” his lover’s voice questioned.
“Why so many questions?! Does the how, the when, and the like matter? I’m back! Aren’t you glad to see me?!” The answer was angry, and loud enough now  to rouse the dozing woman.
John licked his lips, those fangs raking back over his bottom lip, sharp enough that they pierced the skin.  There was a streak of red for only a moment, most would have missed it.  With a sigh, the vampire continued, “I have been granted access to a…a place that’s safe for—for me.”  He struggled to talk about himself as what he was now, as this creature he had become, and again the hand was rubbing at his temple.  Whatever it was that was causing this discomfort it certainly was escalating and quickly.  Finally, the vampire stopped his pacing and instructed, “I need to go and take care of something.  I will be back in one hour.  Have what you need ready to go and I will take you with me.”
Once the discomfort was dealt with he stood.  He stayed still for a long while in the dimly lit room. The dream that had consumed most of his slumber was vivid and fresh in his mind, unlike any of the others he had experienced, before or after his mortal death. Although it had not really been a dream, had it? It had been realistic alright but despite how lucid he felt with-in it, the reactions of this Sherlock that had been conjured in his mind were too organic. Stranger still, the dream incarnations of them both had remained in the morgue, not a place he fancied an intimate encounter, and at the moment he had given into his desire to imagine claiming the consulting detective in every way, he had been forcibly ejected from the dream when Sherlock had climaxed.  It was too bad, he mused now.  He rather liked the way the detective had given in to his dominating thrusts and could still hear his panted moans of pure wanton ecstasy.
if I do it."  He planted the finger back against his own chest, nearly yelling now, "But I do!  It's—It's too dangerous, too easy for me to lose control!  I won't be responsible for that! I will
“This is childish, John!  I demand that you release me at once!  This will serve no one.” The detective raged through grit teeth, as he stopped pulling uselessly on the metal cuffs that bit into his wrist.
"My apologies. Though there is nothing dire, I must confess I may have a bit of a mess to sort out here and wanted to make you aware before you arrived back in London." Louis contemplated recounting the entire story of his abduction of the good doctor and his growing certainty that Lestat was preparing some sort of new catastrophe, but it seemed unnecessary. It wasn't in the nature of their relationship to often require nor expect explanations of their actions or activities.
They were former lovers, Lestat was certain of it despite being unable to glean anything from their closed minds. He surmised this from the way the two moved together as if one writhing creature, touching one another and eliciting groans of pleasure with such ease and accuracy. Though Lestat too had known David’s touch intimately, it had been a rare thing. The greater attraction and connections between them were not of the carnal desire he was observing here. The history between these two he would absolutely need to press them for after.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes on the man, searching those illuminous orbs for more answers.  He certainly was not bored now.  “And so then why have you come?”
Francis pulled a long pipe out of his vest and packed it with quick ease before lighting it with a torch. He puffed on it a few times before holding it out courteously. “Lady Jean, would you care to try some? It is a lovely blend that I have specially made.”
The vampire had barely busted out of the castle before they were caught by the rushing authorities. It had been doubly hard considering he had to manhandle not only his incapacitated fledgling but the very weakened mortal detective as well. He had not wanted to mar the beautiful chapel even more than it already had been due to Moriarty’s thwarted plans but he had been left little choice. The disorientating effects of the spider-demons control was so slow to wear off, that he had not heard the marshalled security until their route of escape had been blocked. He may have been mentally hampered by the drug-like control Moriarty had used over him, but he was his physical powers were not weakened. He blasted a hole in the stone wall and rushed out into the night, taking flight as he did so, a passenger under each arm.
“I hate you!” John bellowed, in complete contempt of his own weakness against his maker, as he continued to batter the other. There was a part of him that screamed to stop, that the other hadn’t moved and that something wasn’t right. Despite this, all John could do was continue until he realized he was suddenly exhausted.
The mantra popped into John’s mind, clear as if the man’s mouth was moving. The vampire’s lips formed pursed. He thought for a second about verbalizing his response and then shot back to the detective, purely through thought targeted for the Detective to hear him.
"Don't bother." John cut him off, "I
Louis didn't type a reply, it was rare that he did. He had time before the other vampire would be expecting him at the requested location and it was enough to find what he desired before meeting the other. Typing the name into the GPS, he then deposited the phone back in his pocked and re-tuned his mind to the hum of thoughts and sounds around him. Sharpening, sorting and seeking out his prey before he leaped upwards to the rooftops of the building surrounding and dashed unnaturally fast and far in the direction of the busy downtown.
Louis had to reach out to hold up the youthful vampire as he shook with laughter at Louis’ recounting of the temper tantrum pitched by the infamous blond when they, had at last, met up again. Soon both were cackling like devious school-children as the valet quickly jumped out of the drivers’ side. Walking around the sleek and expensive car, he accepted the neatly folded bill that Armand presented him. Without question or prompting the valet snatched the bill and just as smoothly opened the passenger door for the raven haired vampire as Armand took to the driver’s seat.
All of them had gone now.  Lestrade had escorted Molly out to her waiting cab and Mrs. Hudson finally had whisked herself back down to her own flat, leaving the two flat mates alone again.  For a few hours 221B had seemed incredibly normal, warm, and inviting.  It had been a nice change from the usual half-finished experiments, detritus, and the crazy antics of one bored consulting detective.  Now it was a mess, littered with the after effects of such a convivial evening.
to see this opera for the first time and in exchange Louis told of a time he and David Talbot had abandoned Lestat on one of his ‘Disney Land Adventures’ to enjoy a performance of Luciano Pavarotti who happened to be in town.
He brought a hand up to his brow, finding it slicked with sweat, as he looked about the room and tried to ascertain what time it was.
Rain pattered lightly on the blackened window of the car, the only sound breaking the silence other than Anthea’s infernal typing.  If one were watching the building they would be completely unaware that two individuals were inside.  He hoped that it stayed that way.
“What if David were to glean this very conversation from my mind?” Sherlock countered plainly, incredibly curious as to why this information was not to be given to David. Though it made the reason for her direct intrusion all the more logical.
"That’s what you don't get, Sherlock." John snapped, still stalking away.  Sherlock could see that his entire frame was tense from head to toe, as his friend plodded loudly down the steps from the upstairs bedrooms to the main floor.  "I don't want
He second guessed even his own consciousness then. Perhaps, he was not awake at all. The first blow had been thrown, the first assault launched, and here he was, rendered incapacitated without even the mere knowledge of having lost.
A quiet voice interrupted his awkward focus. It wasn’t quite a question, and it certainly wasn’t a plea. It was a meek sound that just wasn’t—surely couldn’t—be his flat mate. “Read to me.”
“We know nothing about this stone?”
“In this case, it is not about what I want.” The other vampire said, “It is about what a mutual acquaintance of ours wants.”
The other vampire was gone. Simply gone.
The vampire lay very still. It was still daylight, a part of him just seemed to be able to tell this, but the sun was making its decent. Not much longer now. Soon darkness would consume the city and he would have to face another night. It was still strange and new, this reversal, the need to shelter during the sunlight hours. There was still so much that he had to learn about this new life—this second life, if one could call it that.
“Why did you do that?” The seasoned director was at work now, something was wrong and he needed to figure out what.
That line only made the smile deepen, two perfect dimples registering in the hollows of his cheeks.  He chuckled, as he made another lazy circle around the light standard, and replied succinctly, “Why, of course.”
The text message Sherlock had hastily sent in his first unexpected moments of panic—which he passed rather quickly—had gone unheeded for some time.  It was to be expected.  His elder sibling may be the clearing house for the British government but he was not above getting his beauty sleep.  Unlike the consulting detective, who slept only out of necessity and found the need even then to do so bothersome and disruptive, the older gentleman was known to indulge here and there.  Mycroft believed wholly in a sound sleep to cultivate his mental faculties for the new day, the next new challenge, and Sherlock had never been above interrupting it.  In the end Mycroft had begrudgingly agreed to meet with him, in the office that Sherlock had already garnered access to.
“Soon,” Francis promised. “Come with me.”
“I’m on a break!”
And John complied—immediately regretting it.  A familiar face charged the few steps between them and suddenly was right up in his own, spitting mad.  “What the bloody hell have you been up to, John?!” Greg snapped, brown eyes furiously capped with silver brows, even though John could feel that the man was more relieved than angry.  “You scared the living piss out of Mrs. Hudson!  She’s been wringing her hands for weeks!  And I’ve had men out looking for you.  We were beginning to think you’d been done in—obviously not, I guess.  Damn,” he said, now softer, as he took John’s forearms into his hands with an iron grip that felt like he would never let go, “you look…great?”  It was a question.
"I'm not sure." Sherlock admitted, "Someone whom we obviously want to find and investigate further."
Anthea handed him a cup of hot tea and he sneered at the offer, even though he begrudgingly accepted it.  The elder Holmes was not used to being snubbed and it left him in a splenetic mood.  The tea was just another offense, at that point, that he really had no option of rebuffing.  They were in a miserable part of London and in all honesty he was surprised his young attendant had found a cup of anything.  It was warm in his hands, a soothing comfort that mimicked half decent drink if nothing else.
The vampire had smashed the side of his fist against the door frame in his rage, the wood was splintered around his still closed fist, which was unharmed and perfect. If John had been a mortal man, it would have only been a thud to accentuate a point. Now though, his unchecked unnatural strength made a little well of actual concern blossom in Sherlock’s gut, as the immortal licked his lips and continued. "There are vampires, Sherlock! Honest to God
The doctor glanced over to find a night stand with a clock, the green digital characters reading the time as 1:17 a.m.  He wished to investigate the view more, make sure it was London below him, but the call of nature was stronger.  His bladder felt like he hadn’t pissed in days.  He rolled to the right and slipped out from under the warmth of the silken blankets.  The bed was massive, must be a king size, and was a trifle wider than he had expected.  He had to scooch the rest of the way to the edge of the mattress before he could let his bare feet down to touch the warmed hard wood of underfloor heating.
Her nose was almost caught, as the door was slammed in her face so forcefully that the picture frames on the wall rattled in its wake.  She gave a gasp and then a fuming snarl, before she cursed the damned stubborn man.  “If you wreck my doors with your temper, it is coming out of your rent young man!” she yelled, watching his shadow disappear from the frosted window of her door.  There was no response, not that she had expected one.   The older woman returned to bed, so angry that it took her another hour to fall back asleep.
The vampire huffed in irritation and chided, “Easy for you to say. You don’t seem to feel anything.”
“I wanna’ know just exactly who the bloody hell you think you are and what gives you the right to waltz in fucking-larger-than-life, and ruin so many others.” John growled through grit teeth.
The blond seemed unaffected by the offensive retort.  His icy blue gaze seemed to be distracted, cast slightly over his shoulder, at the approaching cab.  The mouth was drawn into a sinister looking smile, both mocking and predatory.
"It's hard to take.  I feel like my mind is going to crack open it's filled up so damn fast." John said.  "Something like a migraine might feel like."
"You're the infamous Sherlock Holmes, are you not?" The other was at his side, easily keeping pace despite his slightly shorter stride. Sherlock had to work at resisting the urge to shove away from the man and gave no response before the other continued unfazed and cheerful sounding.
Then why in the bloody hell had the man seduced him? And how did he even know how to seduce someone anyway? From what Mycroft had hinted the detective hadn’t had any sexual experiences, that he had been in fact a virgin. He certainly hadn’t acted like one, maybe Mycroft didn’t know as much as he thought.
With the thought of Louis on his mind, Lestat leaped with feline grace from the rooftop and touched his feet upon the night-damp sidewalk, immediately stepping into the perfect stride of one whom had been casually heading down the street already. There were only a few bodies out at this time and none of whom were paying much mind to anything other than themselves and the paths that their feet were taking on the slick walkway.
The doctor was glad the streets were dead.  It was dreadfully early in the morning.  He loosened his folded arms and fished his cell out of his coat pocket to check the time—
The dark blue eyes narrowed at the word choice, as his thumb hit the send button and he brought the phone to his ear, hearing it ring once. Lestat smiled at him, dazzling white teeth with sharp incisors exposed as the second ring registered though the small speaker.  John’s heart rate began to rise. He heard the third ring and the tell-tale sound of the phone call being answered.
“Fantastical—seriously fan-tastical?  You expect me to believe this?” John yelled, throwing his hands up in the air.  “I have put up with Sherlock on an
“I get that.” John answered back. “And that being as it is, I’m not interested one lick in being your bloody keeper but at least agree that if I ask you to not bugger off when I can’t help you, you’ll listen next time.”
He drew in a deep breath and released it, taking his first step out of the entrance and into the rest of the flat.  He came into the kitchen first, finding everything seemingly present and accounted for, as though he were in a picture perfect home ready for sale.
Molly had texted him shortly after he had returned to Baker Street to find Mrs. Hudson entertaining the strange tenant from 221C.  He had been curious about the dark haired pale specter that haunted the lower flat, especially after his intriguing warning that seemed to bare no fruit, but finding the man there with his land lady had unnerved the detective considerably.  He had wanted to protest and expel the stranger from her presence but it was obvious from the look of annoyance painted on Mrs. Hudson’s face that he had been the intruder.  So, the message from the specialist registrar had been a welcomed distraction.
Sherlock wore nothing underneath. He didn’t know why but he found that arousing as hell. Had the man anticipated that this was where things would lead? Of course, he had, the genius nearly always seemed to know just how John would react even before John himself did. He finally managed to tug the slacks free, taking the black socks with them. This left the beautiful man sprawled out, fully nude on the bed. His erection stood at full attention as his hands clenched tightly above his head in self-imposed restraint.
It was the perfect timing. Sherlock took the call, while he went about finding his evenings meal. Thankfully the area of town where their first stop was located was also not a good neighborhood and there was no shortage of villains who were more than deserving of a permanent punishment for their wrong doings.
John pulled to the right, barely missing the blow.  Lestat’s hand smashed into the crater his fledgling’s body had created, sinking to his elbow, as John rolled to his feet.  Lestat was back up and once on his feet, he flew at John with another punch.  John dodged to the right and the fist punched through the three foot thickness of a giant beech tree.  The crack of the wood was ear splitting, as the massive thing toppled over, taking out several other neighbors before finding the ground.
“What is the point of this?” In contrast to their position, his voice was calm, resigned. Sherlock’s grip loosened at the words and John relaxed more fully onto the bed, not caring that he was still pinned. “Of you and I being here like this?” he elaborated softly as he looked away from the detective’s intense gaze.
There was another moan, breathy and gasping, that was really truly the mingled sounds of both their spiraling intemperance, as he felt the body above him begin to slowly move into alignment with his own.  It was an odd sensation, both intensely sensual and pleasing but also slightly alarming.  John was surprised at the ease with which the movement was succeeded, like to pieces of a working machine coming together, both feeling the press of the other’s enjoyment with each shift of their hips together.
Two of the feet stopped in front of him. “I am here.”
Sherlock had taken all of that for granted.  He had blithely assumed that nothing would change, too consumed with deconstructing Moriarty’s extensive web of criminal influence that indeed stretched around the globe.  And so had Mycroft.
!  His chin brushed past the soft dark curls on the man's head, his mouth opening, lips brushing round the shell of the ear before lapping lower. Teeth came to softly nip at the small attached lobe.  The taste of the man's skin, his oils, sweat, and flavor, tantalized his immortally strong palate, escalating what had already over taken his senses.  The man before him did not startle, however, the vampire was barely in control enough to register the discontent tense to the body now gripped by his strong hands, which grew more and more rigid with ever nip and lap of his teeth and tongue.
The creature’s lips pressed into a thin white line, bridled and still fierce.  John didn’t second guess himself.  The outburst was fueled by rage, fear, and despair.  Mary wasn’t dead—she couldn’t be!  He couldn’t remember what had happened so why was he just supposed to believe this thing that he was telling the truth.  He could tell John whatever he wanted, he was still his prisoner.  No, he would not accept this manipulation, this deceit!  He would fight it.
The man was unremarkably supernatural. That was to say that there was very little about his physical body that led one to suspect that he was anything but human. He had looked exactly as he had, when the two of them had come face to face, on that roof top. His eyes were the only give away and this seemed to be controlled at his will. The dark iris’ turned from brown to pitch, the pupil seeming to expand to engulf the entirety of the colored ring, expanding just a bit further to add to his haunting dominion.
Mycroft considered it, feeling a little petulant at the thought of being considered careless enough to not notice a gas leak in his own home. “Perhaps I could blame it on the incompetence of staff.” Mycroft huffed.
She shrugged again, with a wide grin and a wink, as she corrected, “I prefer to think I’m a very good agent and that, yeah, I just saved the world from knowing about the supernatural undercurrent of our society and war with them. With all of your help guys, although, you won’t get any of the credit. You know how they work. Operatio non loqui.”
There was no one else in the room, although there was evidence that someone had recently been there.  There were a few vegetables out on the table, washed and ready to be used, and the fire did seem to be well stoked.  So, Lestat had been lying.  Perhaps there was no one else for miles but he had obviously been left in someone’s care.
“Who is this girl?” John asked, more to keep himself awake with conversation rather than curiosity. “You haven’t really explained her yet.”
Louis sighed.  It was frustrated and pained.  “I promise you, doctor, that I am not lying.  Ask me anything and I will give you the honest truth.  But please, don’t bother asking what you already know.”
The detective narrowed his scrutinizing gaze at the other, meaning to demand what had been done, when Lestat responded tauntingly, “You're a detective, figure it out. Though I don't suspect you'll need to..." the timber of his cheerful foreboding was unmistakable.
“Hardly,” David snapped, with a grimace.
Curious now, John called inquiringly to the man hunched over his microscope, “When was the last time that you slept?”
“They did not feel she was of a threat.  Yet she was being fully monitored to prove that.” Mycroft finished.  “So, therefore they are also aware of John Watson’s change and of our involvement.”
"She deserted.  She knew too much.  She was dangerous.  She was a traitor.  I was given a number of these to pacify my outrage.  They are all excuses for what was nothing less than cold blooded murder." Marisa explained in cold hard words that seemed to weigh a ton on the woman's shoulders—a weight that was not easily lifted nor forgotten.
A shower would be nice.  The flat was cool, he could feel his bare skin prickling with goosebumps as he walked down the hallway to the bathroom, and his feet registered the difference in temperature between the floorboards and the tile acutely.  John turned the taps on a little hotter than he normally preferred and dropped his trousers and pants in one motion, kicking both aside as he stepped under the stream of water.
Mrs. Hudson considered herself a woman capable of great patience, however, this afternoon her tenant was most certainly wearing her reserves on that particular virtue quite thin.  She was used to his sometimes queer and most often peculiar experiments and temperaments, for the most part, and when the noise had begun she had simply gone about dealing with it in her usual manner.  More noise of her own.  She had turned the radio up at first, the sound of soft classical arrangements, perfected by practiced hands, dulling the din coming from above.  Then after lunch she had switched to the telly, the volume of her soaps attempting to compete.
“You found something then?” the man’s use of the English language always grating and intolerable, Lestrade questioned, his eyes suddenly flashing with a spark that Sherlock thought might be something like hope or maybe just interest.
Inside was warmer, yet their hardened skin did not register it in the same way. Even with the heavy jacket that he wore it was mostly just for show and not function. Edmonton’s bitter cold did not effect their kind.
"Besides," Sherlock said, "I also discovered that this instinctual reaction you seem to have to protect yourself during this state is only active within a twelve-inch radius of your body."
The vampire gave his hostage a patronizing smirk, with just a hint of fang, as he reminded the genius, “That’s right. I actually can tell when you’re lying to me now, so don’t bother. You either mean it or you can bloody well stay there until you figure out how to get yourself out of it.” John’s arms crossed over his chest.
Sherlock was convinced of it now.  This was proof.  John could read his mind, was always listening, always tapped in—probably whether he wanted to be or not.  John was right.  It was fascinating.  It was also infuriating, exhilarating, and confusing.  Especially to see these very real demonstrations of who and what his doctor now was displayed here in a way that he refused to allow to be seen in reality.
“Always working, David!” Lestat complained, sinking back into his chair with a dramatic sigh and role of his eyes.  “You do realize that you are retired now, don’t you?”
of Mary—and blithely was assuming that was the reason why he was failing to find the good doctor.
The doctor sure as hell did not feel like waiting around any longer for the wanker to call.  He had done that most of the day and it had been exhausting.  The phone had never left his side.  It was in his pocket.  John had not wanted to put it down even for a second.  What if he missed the call?  He’d be happy if the bastard even sent him a text, for crying out loud!  He had played with the mobile, tried to see what he could access on it or through it, but of course it had been properly disabled.  He could not make outside calls and he wasn’t even sure how he could receive them.  He couldn’t text, he couldn’t surf, he couldn’t even win a damn came of
"Well yes, of course, John, I tell you only what I need you need to know.” He admitted, in his aloof way, before he contended, “As for the rest, you're a doctor, figure it out." Sherlock had let his arm fall over his eyes, shielding out the light from the room but had lifted it just enough to cast a half-lidded look at his flat mate from across the room.
He took the computer and left the charge cable, too lazy to reach behind the long leather couch to unplug it. He set himself up at the desk with the computer, notes from their previous case, and his tea, finding it was indeed going to turn out to be another muggy day in London.
“Sorry,” John murmured out of habit. He could barely get the words out. “Apparently, beef is off the menu.”
“Marisa warned that you will have to steel your mind, John.” The detective pressed. “I am not entirely sure what capabilities telepathy all entails but of this we must be certain. Get all these emotions, all these thoughts out now. Experience them, deal with them, and then put them to rest. They leave you open to attack.”
"She didn't deserve what they gave her." Marisa retaliated, her eyes glancing up to make her point, lingering only long enough to make it poignant, before glancing back askance.
“Lady Jean, it is a pleasure to meet you.” He took a step back and lifted John’s trapped hand to his mouth. John couldn’t help but wrinkle his nose when the man kissed the back of his gloved hand. “I am Lord Francis,” he introduced himself as he straightened with a flourish.
John slowly leaned in, pressing his still damp body along the length of Sherlock’s narrower frame, savouring the feel of the man’s hard muscles against his own. He tilted his head up and locked eyes with the maddeningly frustrating detective before he closed the small distance between their mouths. This time Sherlock didn’t resist.
"Approximately 12 inches. Interesting." He muttered to himself rubbing his sore wrist.
“Forgive him.” Louis implored.  It came out an earnest whisper, spoken with many years of regret and experience.  This John could feel radiating from the other vampire’s mind and person.
"No! No-no-no-no!" Sherlock could hear himself crying out, over and over again.  The mantra he repeated sounding like an echo in a well, distant and useless.
“What are we doing in my room?” John demanded, his hands balled into fists at his sides to keep them from shaking.  A peaceful evening interrupted for a game of ring around the rosy—Sherlock just might get a right hook to knock that smirk…
The doctor seemed to relax then, coming and sitting in his chair, which Sherlock had decided he could no longer keep exiled from the living room if John were to keep visiting.  He rubbed the worn arms of his seat, with a nostalgic familiarity, before he sat back, crossing his ankles as he did so.  He was settled, comfortably.  The detective closed his eyes and tried to dispel the pang in his loins that the memories had conjured, only to be defeated by another question.  “Do you think that this bloke is related to the other two then?”
Marisa’s headed bobbed from side to side in a swaying motion, clearly indicating both ‘yes’ and ‘no’.  “Mmm. They guard and protect.”
“Talamasca?”
"You've been...?" she never finished the half-muttered sentence.  She spun back around and furiously continued her task, scrubbing the dishes harder, as she complained, "Of course you've been using my laptop.  I must have been an idiot to consider that you would have had enough respect for privacy to leave my things alone."  She gave him a cheeky glance askance, as she sweetly inquired, “Have you been sniffing my panties as well?”
Startled by the sudden movement John stumbled, slipping on the water he had dragged in before catching his balance after a few steps. When he refocused his attention on the detective, he found that the man had thrown his jacket on and had already begun winding his blue scarf about his throat.
“You’re going out tonight?” John repeated, lamely.
The man hated him, for now, for what he had done to his beloved doctor and past lover. That would pass with time, once Sherlock began to truly understand what the dark gift meant for John and for himself, should he be able to eventually turn the man.
His only response from his prisoner was a growl of frustration.
“See, that’s more like it.” David laughed and Mycroft couldn’t help but crack a smile.
Sherlock had bloody well seduced him, that’s all there was to it. The man had to have planned the entire thing from the moment he’d come back into John’s room to give him that massage. After all, the lube hadn’t been John’s and Sherlock hadn’t gone anywhere between the massage and what had happened afterward. How long had his friend debated the pros and cons of sleeping with John?
"Armand, I know you well enough to know you are troubled..." Louis gave pause at the dark chuckle that interrupted unbidden from his companion, "As we all are, I understand, and rightly so. You rarely have and so I do not expect it of you to freely unburden your mind by discussing such with me but know this—you have my ear should you wish it."
“To shoot illegal handguns inside the flat?” John scoffed, with another stifled chuckle to punctuate how incredulous he thought the statement was. “I doubt that.”
The skin was ghastly pale with death, nearly as white as the sheet that clothed the body to mid chest, much paler than the man had ever been when alive.  The face was placid in death, nearly crease-less in its perfection.  The man the detective had known, had wore these lines with pride.  Each had been a testament to life the man had lived, as much a part of him as was anything else.  Many would have cringed to see lines about their eyes or mouth at his age, but Sherlock had known them as lines of joy, defined the most when the man was very pleased.  It was odd to see them now, as though some higher power had come in with an eraser and removed them, as easily and as simply as graphite from paper.  The skin was in fact so smooth it almost seemed to be without pores, reminding the detective more of a marble statue than a man.
I want, John!"
This place felt foreign to him, like he was an intruder, even though the code for the door had worked on the first try.  He was also hungry.  The thirst was clawing at his throat and at his mind, more prevalent than in recent days.  He chalked it up to his anxieties.  He was nervous.  Incredibly so!  His nerves were  brought on by the thought of everything that was to come in these next few days.
When the door had latched behind him and the slight plume of his breath was visible in the air, Louis let out a long breath he had not realized he was holding. He stood for a moment on the step of the house Armand was temporarily calling home and considered his position for a moment before shaking his head, an attempt to clear his mind of so many mixed thoughts and feelings. Deciding instead to make his way to his flat and be done, for now, with both of the men who plagued his mind. A text had registered in his pocket, curiously he glanced and saw it was the code for entrance into Armand’s property, nothing else. No message or invitation for further meetings, just the code. He knew that the other would been in London for two weeks according to his current plans and then, he had not yet decided his next destination but knowledge shared was as much an invitation as was needed.
?? Lestat is bat-shit crazy." John scoffing, laughed. His anger regarding the other immortal was ever palpable. Sweeping a hand down to highlight his naked form as the creature he now was, the vampire did not seem to care what-so-ever that he was entirely naked. "You can't possibly see this as a good thing.
Mycroft cast a glance at Anthea, who had an all too telling twitch to the corner of her lips that plainly stated this type of annoyance was nothing new for the older Holmes brother. Mycroft scowled and the pretty brunette shrugged her shoulders unapologetically. Taking the cue that she was not currently needed she tapped on the privacy glass that separated the driver from the passenger. The car came to a gentle stop before she silently exited and left the two men alone in the car.
Long dark lashes closed out the light that assaulted the fractured emerald orbs beneath. The soft ping of a text message registered over the slow sweet rolls of Tchaikovsky's
He found himself in an immense house with many rooms, all of them lavish and grand, decorated with expensive drapes and rugs and wood furniture.  John had been in very few places that could compare to the elitist feel of what was obviously a grand estate home.
For the first time since entering this place, John lost himself. He lost control of his mind, of his body, and therefore of his actions as well. The tenuous grip he had on his emotions, on his rage, on his regrets, on his guilt, was let loose—slipping from his hands like the reins of a wild stallion, sure to buck him off, and trample him. He felt his own desire, felt the flames deep inside of himself, licking up from his gullet and searing the back of his throat. He felt his teeth and tongue and lips trailing kisses and nips from the corner of the other man’s mouth, to the turn of his jaw, to the bob of his adam’s apple, and finally to the pulse of the blood in his carotid artery. His breaths came in rapid succession, leaving him fighting for air, as he lavished in the throb of that moving blood against the tip of his tongue and the curve of his mouth, mimicked by the tensing of the man’s arousal against his own.
John waited, counting his breaths. Maybe. He lost count after two. “What comes after two?”
Inhaling deeply, he caught the scent of the oil beginning to permeate the room. Mint, sandalwood and something else he couldn’t identify. Thankfully it wasn’t anything flowery like lavender, he hated lavender. The combination of scents was calming and he wanted to relax, but that was hard to do with his flatmate straddling his back.
Pale lips parted and drew in a slow breath. The air was moist, tasting of salt from the ocean he over looked. Refracted sapphire eyes closed as his hands gripped the cool railing beneath them. The sounds of the promenade faded at his will, until the man stood in the blissful silence of his own mind. It was just after midnight and he felt alive. Letting the thrum of his own heart beat its immortal rhythm calmly with his exhalation.
Sherlock felt his hand begin to pull back on the organ within their grasp. Then his ears were flooded with the violent sound of hacking and coughing, the terrible retching of someone choking.  His vision cleared, his finger loosed, and his hand stopped.
“Well now, Sherlock,” The blond was standing over him, looking triumphant and self-satisfied, “you still have a choice.”
Those kaleidoscope eyes flashed up to meet his for just a moment, something odd catching John’s attention before they looked away again. There was still mirth in the tone and warmth in the others hand that rested on his own now on the bed. "Or Mrs. Hudson's rum, if you prefer."
This mission was above and beyond his scope of practice.  The government was certainly unaware that he was delving into this mystery and he had had quite a time clearing any suspicions and concerns involving the sudden destruction of his home.  This was all aside from his regular duties and its tedious nature was beginning to fray his nerves.  He had other things to consider, other rabbits to chase, and this hole was becoming too long and dark.  If only Sherlock had taken his advice in the first place, had taken the damned ticked and escaped this mess, he could have been spared this terribly messy clean up.
That shut the inspector up, even though it was probably one of the hardest things the soldier had had to come out with since admitting to his damned shrink that Sherlock was dead—which was a lie anyway—making it even more sour now.  The inspector responded as any caring friend would.  His brows wiggled with social regret, his eyes looking remorseful enough for the both of them, as his mind screamed condemnation for the blunder.  “Ah, damn.” Greg cursed, apologizing, “I’m so sorry, John.  Is there—?”
Sherlock gave a nod and then quickly felt the fingers flick the button apart, a cold touch moving the collar back, as John inspected his neck and the bruise there.  John's thumb ran lighter than a feather over his adam’s apple, as the vampire asked, "Is that all that happened?"
Seeing no alternative but his own death—which would solve nothing for himself or for his love—the detective finally spat back what the vampire wished to hear.  “Do what you will with me.”
It took nearly two hours, but eventually, he had made his way back to 221B. Due to the rain that had finally tapered off not long ago, his fingers had become stiff and numb. He fumbled with his keys for a long moment before finally managing to open the front door. He stumbled in and closed the door against the weather before turning and beginning his soggy trek up the stairs. He tried to creep up the steps, not wanting to wake Mrs. Hudson. She could be terrifying sometimes.
Armand was exceptionally lithe that evening, dressed sharply in a dark grey suit trimmed with black satin lapels that contrasted with the unearthly pallor of his immortal skin.  Slightly shorter, those warm caramel orbs peered up at him from beneath a dark fan of auburn lashes, brimming with a predatory hunger.  All of these waltzing courtships they had shared the last few nights had been delightful and satisfying.  He could argue nothing more or less.
The tension suddenly in the room was electric.  Lestrade had not come to antagonize or point blame, he had come for comradery, for support, had come to know that the detective was on the case.  Sherlock wasn’t ready for that.  His point made he raised his bow and turned back to the window.  The taught hairs of the bow graced the strings once more, picking up on the final long forlorn chords.
Marisa made to leave, flustered by her own inquiry, and he stopped the girl with a sharp, retort, “You’re correct.”  Those green eyes flashed up at him, wide with surprise and that deeper underlying intrigue.  The woman seemed frozen in place and the detective took full advantage of it, adding more properly, “It was not the stupidest deduction you’ve made.”
With a huff of annoyance at his persistence, Sherlock relinquished his grip on the doorknob and turned away. After a few seconds of silence, he began moving again, his shoes clicking sharply against the wood floor. He strode purposefully deeper into the flat, heading towards his room without once looking back.
"Have you figured it all out yet, Sherly? I mean, it really doesn't matter in the end. There's no stopping what is going to happen here…now…but it is kind of fun to watch your little hamster brain at work. Run, run, run, all you like. You’re just spinning your wheel." Moriarty reached out a hand and hooked a finger in the collar of John’s button down. Like running his finger through warm butter, he effortlessly popped the buttons of the plain cotton shirt. Tinkering, the hard plastic buttons shot loose of their thread bonds, some hitting the stone floor and other thunking off the wall of saintly portraits.
." John emphasized the last two words, before turning out of the room and walking away.
Sherlock scrunched his eyes shut as a wave of dizziness hit him. Along with it came a violent convulsion that almost knocked him over.  There was a flash in his mind that produced John this time.  John shouted his name, his face a mix of frustration and disappointment, as he reminded Sherlock that he couldn’t just leave things as they were. The trembling consulting detective sucked in a hissing breath and opened his eyes again.
John’s gaze changed then.  The hardness of his features softened and after a long moment, a deep disbelieving chuckle rumbled out of him, as a wide generous smile spread across his face.  Sherlock found himself joining in, as the vampire shook his head and jokingly responded, “Bloody inconvenient!” through more laughter.
Sherlock swallowed hard but remained silent at the confession.
A bark of laughter escaped him at the matter-of-fact delivery of those words from the drunk genius on the sofa. Walking back into the living room to scrutinize the clean up he replied wryly, "We can't just whip one up in your peetree dishes, Sherlock. Unless there is something you've not told me, I'm afraid neither of us are quite equipped for doing something of that caliber between just the two of us."
David sighed, it was a long whooshing sound, that spoke of his desire to find an appropriate place to start.  Was John really that much out of the loop?  He had felt like Louis had tred cautiously around certain subjects and this was now mirrored in the vampire the other had sent him on to.  “Have you ever heard about the
With the gasp of a drowning man John wrenched his head back, panting air he didn’t need he took in the sight of Sherlock’s dazed and aroused face, blood glistening wetly along the bottom of his lip. More desire shot through him as he watched the detective's tongue swipe the blood away on a throaty moan. He lowered his head, teeth grazing along the pale of length exposed flesh before nipping gently at the collarbone. He pressed kisses up one side and down the neck before beginning his slow descent.
, I can’t take this!  I’m going inside.”  She scuttled away.  He could hear her sobbing all the way to her own flat door.
The bed had been recently slept in, even though Lestrade felt the room must have been uncomfortable with all the wreckage, and there were new clothes spread out on the floor.  What there wasn’t in the flat, was any sign of John or Mary.
Sherlock did not want to sleep. He wanted to watch over the incapacitated vampire on the bed, to make sure that the room was undisturbed by some bungling mortal. This hotel was less suitable than the last had been, lacking the secondary defense of the large four poster bed with the heavy drapes. The detective made a good effort of trying to occupy himself with planning and research. He scoured the internet for more information on the stone, checked maps of the area, renewed his knowledge of the city and its history, all to be woken from a short nap in his chair at the desk. This left him groggy, with a headache and a stiff neck for his efforts.
Sherlock had left Baker Street. He had guesses to what had happened but there were other factors that demanded his attention. Matters that meant his own life as well as even bigger stakes should he put the greater need after his own selfish desire to take care of his inept little brother. Even now, the vehicle they traveled in was returning, not to his temporary home but to one of his offices. The explosion had to be explained to those he reported too. Multi-million-dollar mansions belonging to top government agents simply don’t blow up without everyone having an enquiry.
Oh, the tension was delightful! The drama a close second, only to the ability of the detective to actually gather and link information from the simplest of clues at a crime scene. It was somewhat fascinating that this man used his incredible intellect and abilities to try to do good and even more so, mostly due to the direct correlation to his rational of morality through his relationship with the other man. At least, in John’s mind, the doctor seemed to imagine that this Sherlock character would be engaged in the mutilation of corpses at this exact moment if it wasn't for his interjection.
“’Them?’” the girl asked, with a skeptically arched brow, as she raised a hand an gestured quotation marks.
"Well, if you wish for me to understand exactly what it is you are capable of than you should show me."
Mary wouldn't be too happy if he crawled into their bed in the wee hours of the morning, freezing cold and smelling slightly of booze.  Tickling her around the ribs and hips with his icy fingers was no less than what the woman deserved.  After all it had been her persistent coaxing that had pushed him out of the warm bed, into trousers, and out the door, after Sherlock's text had interrupted their lovemaking.  And he would be bloody cold by the time he got back.
He rolled back over and contemplated staying longer between the silken sheets.  The pillow, even without the case, was soft and inviting.  He tucked a hand under his head and another between his knees, as he tucked them closer.  The bed was warm and his mind was groggy, as he began to work through several of the arduous thoughts sticking to the walls on his brain like day old porridge.
“Grande salted caramel white mocha half sweet, for Sherlock!” called the barista at the bar, far louder than was necessary.
“Mycroft and David Talbot think that it’s demonic power.” Sherlock answered. “We don’t really have any concrete proof, but I believe it’s our best theory.”
The doctor wasn’t sure what that was supposed to mean—allow him to do what?  Show him Mary’s death, how was that even possible?  Then he remembered the speed the creature possessed, the strength, and could feel once more that hand tightened around his throat without even a hint that the man had moved.  What did he know?  Maybe it was possible.
She nodded her chin towards the hole in the ground and the empty casket. “How many times did I find you out here, crying, or, pardon me,” she paused to lift a hand and mime quotations, “’not’ crying. Even dead he controlled you. And I just had to play along, like I didn’t know the insufferable cock was just using you.”
“How do you want to die?” He whispered with a purr into the boy’s ears and felt the twitch of resistance, the pitiful struggle of the dying mortal, fervently trying to convince himself that he had slipped into some horrible nightmare.
“Did you not tell her you're a monster, Louis?” Lestat’s tone dropped to a breathy whisper as he turned his sharp focus on Louis. Blue eyes shimmered in the darkness as they narrowed on Louis and the taller vampire stepped dangerously close to the other man in a progressively aggressive series of movements. He flicked the loose raven-black hair back from the broad shoulder and exposed the length of pale flesh he so enjoyed. No man, living, dead or otherwise ever had such a beautiful expanse of throat as did his dear Louis.
“I gotta’ get this bad boy back where it belongs.” She said. The amulet, as if having heard itself being reference in the conversation, gave a bright purple pulse of light that shown out from where she had tucked it under her blouse.
A blond brow raised skeptically over the dark blue eye of the doctor, as he tried and failed to stifle another chuckle, pointing out, “The victim was a mess alright.”
A man brushed against him from behind, shoving him hard enough to cause the consulting detective to compensate with a stuttered step forward. No one should have been able to get that close without him detecting the footsteps.  A pale man with shock blond hair had stopped and was making a show of looking contrite, as he fixed his clearly unrumpled coat.
"Care about my brother dearly. Yes." Mycroft stepped behind the desk and took a seat in the high backed leather office chair "Will you do this for me, John? For Sherlock?" The concern in his voice was genuine and it reminded the immortal that all his anger served no real purpose here.
"Not likely," John snapped, "soldier, remember?"  The smaller man fought past the stinging pain of the knees in the flesh of his arm, managing to thrust and kick his legs up to catch the unsuspecting detective by the shoulders, throwing him off.
"What are you here for then?" John was getting anxious.  A part of him instantly regretted being so direct, realizing it would have been in his best interest to stall the psychopath in front of him as long as possible, until Louis arrived. Unfortunately, it was far too late now.
He waved flippant hand dismissively at her, spouting acridly, “It’s just a flesh wound, Mrs. Hudson, nothing more.  I’m sure you’ve seen worse in your Florida days, hmmm?”  Sherlock turned his eyes back to the microscope, focusing on the slide slid crookedly onto the stage.
John walked past him, up the walk to the front door.  Sherlock grabbed his bag and hurried along after, catching sight of the last few digits the man punched into the keyless lock at the front door.  The door opened and john walked him into the small foyer to the rather ordinary interior beyond.  Whoever did own the place had an eye for rich woods.  The entire place seemed to gleam with polished walnut and mahogany tones.  It was well tended to.  Far better than his own 221B and he thought that it must be cleaned weekly by staff.  There seemed to be none present at the moment however, as they hung their coats by the door and John went about the ordinary task of showing him the layout of the smaller home, including the room he was to inhabit for the next little while.
“Being a blood drinking immortal being with supernatural strength and agility?” the detective clarified, in his swift clear speech.
“I have read them.” The detective replied, tossing both books back into the others lap, haphazardly, “They still don’t explain everything.”
The cab pulled over and they got in.  Sherlock was met with silence until they reached Angelo's and he cursed every minute of it.  John, as it seemed, was no longer talking.
He’d nearly removed the offending clothes completely when Sherlock moved. Grasping John by the forearms he rolled them, claiming the top once more. A few seconds later he had freed his legs and bent down, covering a nipple with his mouth. His blazing eyes locked onto John’s own as his mouth worked magic.
“Tomorrow.” Louis replied quickly, “I will text you the address when I have things prepared and your assistance is required.”
John finally broke the demanding kiss with a gasp and pushed the man down to the edge of the bed. Sherlock sprawled out, his arms reaching behind him to keep himself propped up as John came to stand between his invitingly opened legs. The detective’s lips were swollen and red, chest heaving as he breathed in quick, rapid bursts. Those magnificent eyes blazed green as the genius gazed up at him.
“Never stopped.” She confirmed. Her eyes rolled and she tipped her head from shoulder to shoulder in a bobbing motion, as she shrugged and admitted, “Probably never will.”
Sherlock entered to room, giving it a customary sweep with his calculating eyes before he dropped his bag on the floor and turned back to John.  "Where is your room?" he promptly asked, more than curious to hear the response.
“Stop right there!” a male voice loudly commanded.
There were no messages from the mysterious puffin girl, but there was a text from his brother. Sherlock wondered why the man hadn’t called. He had been fairly certain that his brother was not scheduled to see the dentist for the next month. Perhaps his mouth was busy with someone else’s – then he hoped that his latter though had been incorrect.
—and then leaned back in the chair, clasping his hands over his stomach, and crossing his legs.
The handsome figure of the blond strode confidently towards his destination. A long fingered hand sunk into the pocket of the wool coat, as he pulled the soft leather gloves out and slipped them over his long pale fingers and glass-like fingernails. Even with the blood coursing through him, the unnatural sheen of his fingernails was another of the small details that shed light on the unnatural qualities that their kind took on, once turned. Fueled with the most ancient bloods of their kind had hastened this process in Lestat. At times he felt that this next level of separation from the world he once had lived in as a man, and even a young vampire, was why so many of their kind chose to end their unnatural existence.
John released a heavy sigh that was almost an indignant grunt, and then Sherlock felt the soft press of cool lips against the lobe of his ear. A hand came up, gently taking the other side of his neck, as the lips moved lower. Sherlock pulled the collar of his coat higher and soon the kisses gave way to nips. He could feel the sharp teeth grazing the skin of his trapezius, hesitantly. Then the fingers tightened, and he gave a gasp of his own, as the incisors penetrated.
That had to be the most arousing thing that John had ever seen. Sherlock Holmes spread out of the bed before him like a Sunday Buffet. A full body shudder coursed through him as arousal spiked across every nerve ending. Not wanting to wait anymore he jerked out of his still damp coat, letting it drop carelessly to the ground with a sodden thump. His jumper was a little more difficult, the water saturated material clinging to him even as he extracted himself from the warm, wet wool, taking his undershirt along with it.
The Vampire shifted in the chair so that he faced Mycroft.  He moved his elbows to the desktop, mirroring the human’s image.  “A challenge that I look forward to testing.”
The bathroom was small and cramped, but it functioned well enough. The water, from the depressingly under-pressurized showerhead, was at least warm, helping to alleviate some of his tension. When he finally stepped out, the reflection on the mirror was yet another reminder of his infuriating fragility in comparison to a vampire’s strength and resilience. His gaze traveled over the purple bags under his bloodshot eyes, dulled with fatigue. He mapped the paleness of his thin body. His mind was only capable of registering all the ways in which he was inferior and vulnerable.
"He is...powerful?" Sherlock asked, slowly spiraling out of his depth, as she delved into what he assumed was not influential power but supernatural.
Sherlock was confused by this proposition.  It was the second time that Lestat had offered this demonic gift to him—as though that was what it truly was—a gift, a blessing to be bestowed upon the recipient, disguising the very real fact that it would mean what Sherlock had come to understand must be a mortal death, in every sense of the word.  The detective was not sure why this powerful beast wished to ask when he could so simply take.  Yet given the choice now once more, Sherlock was unsure what he wished.
John finally smiled as he came to the conclusion that he had danced around all night. With a bit more spring in his step, he continued his march home. He, John Watson was fully intending on seducing one Sherlock Holmes.
The detective made to take a breath and the dark haired immortal cut him off, slightly perplexed and wary of what the man’s exact intentions were with his uncharacteristically forward friendliness and the freely divulged information.  Unobtrusively he cut in with a quick and quiet question, deftly attempting to side track the detective’s train of thought.  “Dreadful indeed.  Not something I expected here in London but I suppose also not entirely out of the question.  I suppose then, given your reputation as the world’s only consulting detective, that you are involved in the investigation?”
Remembering how irate the prat had been, spurred John’s motivation. Not his confidence. No, he still felt exposed reading aloud to the detective, but to exact even a small morsel of revenge was enough to risk it.
"I can only imagine." Sherlock replied, honestly, "Explain it to me."
Louis was sad to leave the flat and his fun.  Truthfully he should give up the residence altogether and keep to the rooftops where he would always be safely away from the man's acute scrutiny.  The vampire loathed sulking in the shadows, even more than he detested his maker's need to flaunt his immortality.  In the darkness of the alleys and rooftops he felt even more like the damned creature he had become and that he hated.  So he would hold onto the downstairs flat, as damp and drafty as it was, until things had calmed and he may be able to return without warranting the threat of harm to the man he watched.  For now, however, leaving was the best option.
“I’m sorry,” Lestat’s words had barely registered with John before he found himself on his arse in the dirt.
"I suppose," John sighed as he answered, "it would explain why you know about the…the 'other' dream."
Mycroft reached out his hand and offered the creature the seat opposite him, politely replying, “No need to hide.  Please, come and sit.”  The man listened, moving to take a seat in the chair, the whole while never allowing his eyes to blink or break from Mycroft’s face.  His head seemed to suddenly ache, a penetrating pull at his temples that almost brought him to wince.  Fighting the sudden, strange discomfort the elder Holmes straightened his jacket and repositioned his hands diplomatically on the desktop, lacing his fingers together.  “I presume you have business, Mr. de Lioncourt.”
The detective assessed his chances, running statistics quickly through his mind as he considered all he had ascertained from his daytime experiments with the immortal. With a nod of his head, he took the chance. Drawing back the curtain, he slowly crawled onto the bed, as far away from the immobile vampire as was possible. He did not bother watching John. He knew very well, if the vampire’s reflexive defenses triggered, he would never see the deathly blow coming regardless.
He was cut off as the detective grasped his shoulders, physically turning him and began marching him to his bedroom. Biting his lip, John fought back the curses he wanted to throw at his flatmate. If Sherlock wanted to play bloody nursemaid then fine. After all, who was he to discourage the rare act of the mad genius attempting to care for someone else? Even if this killed him, John would let the other man do as he wished.
John was quiet for a long considering moment.  Then he chuckled and shook his head. “Let you into my head? I must honestly be desperate if you think I want you rummaging around in my brain.”
“You have not succeeded in turning me.” Sherlock snapped back, his voice like the crack of a whip, exclaiming his bitterness.
Suddenly his head cleared the confining space of the jumper and he found himself staring once more into those bright eyes. The colour seemed to have shifted somehow, a green hue now encompassing the pale blue. Slowly lowering his arms, John allowed the younger man to finish peeling the material off his arms, trying to ignore the soft zings of pleasure that travelled through his body at every accidental brush of fingers.
The brunet rose from the table and began pacing back and forth before the fireplace, behind the blogger. John knew that gate, the exaggeration to his steps, the set of his pace—the man was frustrated. Distracted, John wondered what the cause was, given that the water chamber test seemed particularly simple when the doctor realized it may not be frustration after all. His medical instincts took over, silently assessing the patient, observing what at first glance might seem normal, but was ultimately something much deeper.
The eyes flashed on him, intense, and steadfast, exuding a renewed threat of danger.  “Stay away from him.” It was a statement said with such finality that the ending of it was like the pounding of a court gavel.  “His attraction for you and your craft is unnatural and certainly dangerous.  He means you harm.”
The lusty cherub’s lips moved to speak and quickly realizing no sound followed, he paused with a long blink as he licked his lips. A sultry smile spreading across his face as again he met Louis’ eyes, all the while one devious hand continued to tease his nipple deftly before beginning to trail lower.   “Louis…” The slow roll of his name from Armand’s lips ran a shiver up his spine. “I would have you. And I would have you have me in all ways, here and now.”
John’s eyes darkened at that and there was an audible grinding of molars, when Sherlock raised an arm.  In a sharp tone the detective demanded, “Stop.”  He reached a hand up, making short work of the few buttons at the top of his collar.  He pushed back the deep plum fabric, revealing the pale flesh beneath, pinked with the flowing blood just under the surface, as he added brusquely, “Just get it over with.”
“No, you’re not ripping up some poor sod like that, Sherlock.” John snapped, as he slapped the tap off and rushed to the bathroom, reprimanding, “Not while I’m around.”
He closed the small space that separated them and reached up to tug Sherlock’s face down to meet his. It was chaste, a mere press of the lips, with the taller man refusing to cooperate by opening his mouth to deepen it. After a few seconds, John drew back in frustration, scowling openly at his friend. “Isn’t this what you wanted?” He gestured between the two of them, annoyance colouring his words.
Lestrade sputtered a couple of times, trying to come out with something to say before he gave up and just pressed his lips tight into a thin line.  John could hear the odd thought slip out.  The Inspector was ashamed, guilty, and empathetic of John’s plight, wished to hell he could help.  John licked his lips again and shrugged his shoulders, attempting to reassure his friend.  “There’s no nice way of looking at it, Greg.  It is what it is and we have to finish this before we can come back to Baker Street.  Mrs. Hudson could be in danger so…do me a favor, will ya, and keep an eye on her?”
John shrugged his shoulders.  "It does but it's not the same.  I can hear only bits and pieces, here and there." he said, as he mimicked turning a dial with his fingers, "You have to tune into it, if you want a clear sound."
“Of course, you must resist.” He paused and swirled the glass with well practiced elegance, the complicated scents filled the air. Of rich floral notes followed by smoke, rich barley, licorice and a wave of sea spray.
“Ugh, seriously?” Lestat grated.
John looked down. He had not known this man that he had killed. He didn’t care to. He stepped over the body and as he did so, something caught his eye. He reached out with his fingers and touched the pretty bobble about the man’s neck.
Straightening, he brushed his clothes down and after only a moment’s hesitation opened the door. The room was dark, the lights from outside the only illumination. Taking a deep breath, he stepped through the threshold and closed the door softly behind him. John reached out and flipped the light on, squinting into the sudden brightness.
—kisses on the raised pink scar tissue, gentle yet claiming.
"Seeing as you have relinquished this round of the game to me, then I shall do the noble thing and insist we run your errand first." Lestat’s smile broadened at the mildly vexed look that was directed at him from beneath the slightly drawn brows.
The statement startled John. How did these girls even know about him and Mary? The thought was interrupted as the other replied with confusion.
"You did however respond to what I would refer to as a threat stimuli." Sherlock continued.
The vampire turned back towards the entrance of the ally, satisfied that he had observed all he could, and contemplated if he should hail a taxi back to the flat. He knew the two men were on route back to the detective’s beloved Baker Street via the quaint little cars and bustling streets that made up London, but he could take a faster route by utilizing his supernatural speed and agility. Long past feeling guilty about the gifts this immortal life gave him, he used them now and again, as required.  He preferred to experience things in their entirety and at the pace the natural world moved. He rarely felt the desire to throw himself, as fast as possible, through the world with all the supernatural powers and god-like abilities, which only flourished with the passing of time. The consulting detective and his begrudging companion wasted little time searching out clues in this latest mystery, yet it was apparent that the doctor was getting ready to escape the night’s escapades when the two departed and the taxi was hailed.
Louis had cautioned him strongly against seeing anyone from his previous life, explaining that they would not understand all the changes of his physical person and that it would be easier for them to come to the conclusion on their own that he was no longer going to be a part of their lives.  It would be painful, but it was after all more natural.  The doctor had noted with some disdain that Sherlock Holmes had somehow been excluded from this inclusion.  Yet, the detective was now fully aware of the existence of their kind and of John’s transformation.  Yet, despite all that, John was certain now that he was back home that he did not wish to seek the other man out and he had the means now of avoiding the detective, if he so wished.
“That’s alright. I shall remedy that.”
There was a shiver to his right, as his eyes scanned, and he swung his arm out to deliver a quick and precise strike. The movement was deflected deftly and before he had a moment to react the last thing John felt was the rush of air leave him as his head jerked the opposite direction. White filled his vision and then the world was black.
Mycroft’s hand gripped his wrist, restraining him.  He glanced back at his brother, unimpressed and slightly desperate, as the other man tried again to convince him.  “Enough Sherlock, this is serious.  There are forces at play here bigger than anything that you are capable of understanding.” Sherlock’s eyes darted across the back of the limousine to the other man sitting quietly on the other bench, “And if you think that things will return to normal after you do find your doctor then you are sorely mistaken.  For his sake and your own, take the ticket.”
Sherlock’s bow skittered its last length along the strings, making an awful screeching sound, as he pointed the tip of it in Lestrade’s face.  “There was nothing to tell,” he snapped, as he turned his back on the other man and ran up and down a scale on his violin.
“Oh, I hope not.  I don’t think so,” came back the rushed whisper.  “Everything seems in its place but it is odd, isn’t it?  I found it just sitting on my side table, by the phone, like John had just stopped by and decided to, you know, leave a note.”
He was at the window in an instant searching the darkened street below.  There was no one out, it was very late—early, in fact—and the sidewalks, the visible phone booth, the streets, were all void of movement, bare of people, and dreadfully still.
There was nothing else that could be done.  Lestat knew he could be foolish at times, but he was not stupid. This creature was a force he had never encountered before.  It was something darker and older than his own kind and there were few he could think that might be able to name it. He was hesitant to even consider seeking out help, knowing too well that even if it were to come, it would be with a cost and the endless ‘I told you so’.
“Hm?” There was a pause and suddenly the elder vampire realized he hadn't answered the question that had been posed minutes ago. He had been distracted, admiring Louis, and decided that no excuse was better than the truth, “I apologize, mon cher. I was lost in thoughts of you, I'm afraid. What was the question? Ah, it doesn't matter! Shall I whisk us away to my penthouse or are you looking to follow your little pets home?”
Somehow, he reached the entrance of the hedge maze without breaking his neck.
be!  You need to grasp that, get it through you head, and
There was only the odd site out there that claimed the order did exist. But, they were chalked up as fanatics for a very real reason – they had no proof. Whether they had actually communicated with the organization or not, the problem remained that they had no evidence to vindicate their claim. So, Sherlock could not possibly view them as credible.
"Wait a second. I don't follow.“ John did not see that coming, and in line with the rest of his night, logic was striking out.
The detective began pumping himself, twisting his wrist with every thrust. “John-” Whatever he was going to say was completely cut off my John stretching his other leg out and thrusting even harder.
Louis de Point du Lac, drawn by ADF of kissing2cousins, for Vamplock: The Beginning
When the fire works began and the fair grounds grew quiet, between the cheers that followed brilliant explosions of colored light, the two men stood amidst throngs of mortals with eyes up cast. Armand stood with his back against Louis’ side, the other vampire’s arm slung around him.
“In the books you mean?” John questioned.
The vampire Lestat, an infamously impulsive troublemaker—or so Louis described him of late. John had seen otherwise in the other’s mind when they shared a connection, hidden away in dark deep pockets. They had been more, so much more, in so many different aspects. Louis kept this for the most part well guarded, deftly avoiding the subject, skirting around it with half-truths and what John had come to call ‘Lestat-isms’. There was a lot about this creature, this powerful vampire that many others of their kind regarded simply as ‘the way that he was’. It seemed to negate quite a few of his outlandish misconducts. But the truth of it was that Louis was not happy with…with what had happened. John could sense his regret and knew that it was probably the main reason that the vampire had dedicated his time and guidance to his case, more over than the pleasure of his company.
John had many things that he had to cover.  Louis had advised him to allow his death to go unsolved.  As of the moment, he and his wife were missing.  The Met was under the impression that it was suspicious but having found no bodies they could not conclude that it was a homicide.  John wished he could bring closure for his friends and his family, yet he had failed to see a means of accomplishing it.
“Ah, finally, Mr. Holmes.” Lestat spoke.  His voice was slower and slightly winded, not at all the regular jovial mock of their past encounters as he swaggered into view.
This alarm though, was something else, like when he and John had gotten too heavy into the bourbon one evening and questions about his past had began to come up. Questions with answers and information he was not in the habit of sharing or interested in having others know. There was a spark in the back of Sherlock’s mind, as he began to associate with the other times he had 'heard' that alarm and recalled sharply the training he had self-administered to develop a resistance to sodium pentothal and made the glaring miscalculation of asking Mrs.Hudson to ask him questions, leading to many of the reasons why it was imperative the motherly land-lady never fall into the wrong hands.
The quiet was not settled for long. Soon the air was rent again by another two blasts. Blam-blam! Blam-blam!
David answered truthfully.  “He said that he was tortured in some kind of black void and then suddenly reappeared in London.  He has no knowledge of where he was nor of how he was returned.  All I can ascertain from the strange encounter with him, is that he is not himself.  Lestat may not have entirely escaped Moriarty’s control, even if he has returned to this realm.”
Finally satisfied he had gathered up what he was willing to this evening, he wondered over to his chair and flopped himself into it with a sigh. The man kicked his feet, crossing them at the ankle, as he eyed his flatmate amusedly and awaited a response from the prone figure. A few more long moments passed and for a brief second John wondered if the other had finally passed out.
He brushed the offending nothing aside, mentally taking a thick bristly broom to the words scrawled inside his conscious brain, brushing until he felt raw and rid of them.
“Ooo, sounds like fun.” Lestat saucily returned, closing the gap between them.  Although the blow had been thunderous it still had not been enough to even mar his blond maker’s perfectly white skin. Lestat raised a hand and ran a slim finger from his fledgling’s cheek down to his chin, as he added insult to injury, “You’re certainly more beautiful than I had expected.  The dark gift can work wonders, can’t it?  I see now why Sherlock wants you. I am even intrigued myself.  By all means, John, let us deal.”
The detective gave the revealed form before him an appraising sweep of his eyes, as his fingers tapped against his hip considerately.  Sherlock found it frustratingly hard to stay focused on the task at hand.  His eyes lingered at the strongly accented abs that John had always had, new even more chisled, given an obvious decrease in body fat.  Even the hollow of his naval seemed rousingly accentuated.  John snorted derisively, averting his gaze from the ever-curious scholar.  "Of course, you
.  Everything smelled of new construction.  New paint, over new mud, over new drywall, where damages had been removed and covered.
“Who called you?” the blond demanded, succinctly.
Sherlock groaned, long and hard again.  There was silence for a moment.  Lestrade wondered if the man had walked away from the door, even though he hadn’t heard footsteps.  Then softly he heard the question, “What time is it?”
“Do you still ignore your skull, like this?” John asked, the humor dissipated from his voice, but still feasibly present, thrumming on the undercurrent of his words.  “That is what my being in here with you…naked…is about, isn’t it?  I am to be your skull.”
Sally Donovan rolled her chestnut colored eyes, the muscles in her neck and jaw indicating that she was grinding her molars.  When she seen his askance glance in her direction, those eyes narrowed sinisterly and she spun her back towards him, with a flip of her small black ringlets.  She stormed away, pretending she had business to do with Anderson by the squad car that flashed its lights about the crime scene like a beacon to curious onlookers in the night.  The detective cast his glance with a dart of his pale gaze in the opposite direction to see that John was waiting, expectantly, the gears in his brain working to catch up to where Sherlock had ended but was still unwilling to announce his findings aloud.
"John, stop thinking so hard, it's distracting." Sherlock's biting tone cut in.
When he tightened his fingers around the wrists Sherlock arched against him, eyes bright and hazy as he stared up at John. The detective blinked several times, his throat constricting as he swallowed hard. “John.” The name was hoarse on his lips and he strained against the older man’s body, trying to increase their pace.
The young rogue slipped from his grip, as John flinched and groaned. The bloodlust was intense, the feeling of it coursing through his system, the taste of it in his mouth was rapturous torture. He took a moment there, to settle it, gain control of it, whilst still using his mind to watch the area for other mortals. He knew that Louis would be as well, but he wanted to do it for himself. Soon, he may have no choice.
John too was curious.  He watched as his mind screamed, his senses crawled with agitation, and his hands fidgeted at his sides.  It was all he could do to restrain himself, to hold back from taking the detective back.  There was a palpable greedy possession exuding from the man that was hard to ignore.
. She never said his name. Just ‘
There was a sinking in his gut, as he paused on the thought of the self-proclaimed ‘high-functioning sociopath’ spiraling into madness after the transformation. John had been prone to fits of hysterical laughter in those first nights, having great difficulty with rationalizing and accepting his new fate. The doctor in him vehemently refused to agree with the possibility of his own existence and means by which to continue living.
“His email. Hang on, I’m looking at the most recent stuff.”
“No, Sherlock. You would absolutely not be allowed to experiment on our baby.”
“Couldn’t… Mary…. Not safe… Baby…” he stuttered out between hiccups.
“No, Sherlock. You don’t need to apologize. I do.”
“Sherlock…” he panted desperately. “What’re you…”
“What the hell just happened,” John said through breathy giggles.
“But you had no reason to ignore a call from Lestrade. Much less two. So, you could understand why I panicked.” Sherlock got quieter and quieter as he spoke, as if unsure if it was alright for him to be concerned.
It was trying to kill him. Whatever this thing was . . . it was trying to kill him.
Thanks for reading!! Please leave a comment if you can :) I really appreciate them! <3
He eventually took pity on the poor, stuttering man and cut him off with a chaste, tender kiss. This, of course, shut him up right away.
“Yes!” Sherlock grabbed his shoulders in excitement. “Evans must’ve offered to pay them a generous amount.”
“I don’t have them anymore. I swear,” came Sherlock’s voice, equally muffled.
When John Watson agreed to go out on a cruise boat with some of his old military mates, he was hoping for a relaxing summer holiday weekend with beer, sun, and swapping old war stories. So when the massive pirate ship pulled up to their cruise boat, it was not the most pleasant turn of events. When his friends were all held at gunpoint while he was gagged and manhandled onto the ship, he simply thought, I just can’t get a break, can I. Yet deep down there was an underlying thirst to feel this kind of adrenaline again, and a burning curiosity to see where this would take him.
John tilted his head back, allowing him further access. He kissed down his neck another inch or two and latched his mouth onto the skin, humming around it as he continued his ministrations.
He wasn’t sure how long they stood there holding each other, neither wanting to let go or easing the tightness of their embrace.
He made a bit of an extra effort today as he prepared himself to arrive on deck- smoothing out his shirt, running a hand through his hair, and whatnot. He would have done more, but Molly's cheeky glances pushed him to give up and leave to avoid her inevitable teasing. Speaking of, he wondered what happened between her and Greg last night. He didn't remember hearing her return to their cabin before he fell asleep, but she definitely spent the night here. So they just must have spent a late night "out" together. He made a mental note to ask her about it later, and headed up to the deck.
“Sherlock,” he breathed, relaxing into the door as Sherlock began running his nose along his cheek and jaw. He brought his free hand up to card through the curls on his nape. His other hand was lifted by their joined fingers and pressed gently into the door.
He dragged the light across the whole wall to reveal an entire string of letters scratched into it with unhuman force.
“I decided to drop the plans regarding Moriarty and avenging my family’s deaths,” Sherlock mumbled into John’s chest.
At some point in the night several hours later, he heard the door to the flat open and quietly close. John could practically hear the sadness in Sherlock’s footsteps as he made his way to his room and closed the door quietly.
I hope you're all having a fun summer <3 Please leave me a comment if you can! I love receiving them!!
Up at the bow, Victor was holding a death grip on the edge of the ship, still shaken from the anchor’s shove. He breathed heavily, slight panic in his eyes as their ship was slowly, ever so slowly, pulled in.
“Looks like the grandmother dabbled in witchcraft after all.” John reached out and stroked along it’s carved borders, studying the chipping letters. “I found it in the attic along with some other things you might expect. Candles, books, that sort of thing.”
to have it. I’m happy just being with you. I don’t need to wear a ring or have a priest say some words to express what we already know. Which is that we love each other. That’s what matters, right? The rest is all optional. I don’t need it.” He crouched by Sherlock’s chair to meet him at eye-level. Sherlock’s eyes had gone wide, clinging to his every word. “The ceremony, the picket fence. That’s not the kind of life we’ve had together so far,” John continued. “And it’s not necessarily what I expect from our future. It’s just not us. And that’s okay.”
Sherlock recognized different groups of people from his university. It was Saturday night, after all. Of course they would all be here. Over by the dance floor was a group of giggling girls from the cheerleading squad. On one side of the bar was a group of lads with greased back hair, leather jackets, and cigarettes. And directly across the floor from him and Mike were the rugby jocks in their matching jackets.
“Oh, no way. –
John’s chest heaved in uncontainable arousal. This was going unbearably slow.
“Crisps.”
John had tucked his head into his neck endearingly as he caught his breath, his body most likely still in a state of shock from nearly drowning.
"I know. It's fine."
He stormed past the table and settled into his chair instead. Sherlock hadn’t even sent a text that he would be gone, John thought disappointedly. Perhaps their relationship was more broken than he realized.
“John…” he started.
“John, there’s . . . something I should say. I should have said it from the beginning, but I never could. Since it’s unlikely we’ll see each other for a while, I might as well say it now.”
Sherlock squeezed his forearm. “As soon as we have what we need, she’ll be locked up and you can come back home where you belong. Until, then you just need to keep pretending everything is fine.”
“Apparently.”
“Greg’s a grown man. I’m sure he can handle his love life on his own.”
“You broke that man’s ankle,” he said as they ran.
They continued walking down the dark, deserted street as soft raindrops began to fall lightly on their heads. A hint of thunder echoed in the distance, but the heat of the storm was still far away. Sherlock watched the collecting water gush over his feet as he stepped, still unsure of what to say to John. How to express his genuine gratitude for all he had planned. How to convince him of how much he truly enjoyed deciphering his clues. And how he wouldn’t have wanted to spend his birthday any other way, or with any other person.
“Hey, now . . .” John soothed, and pulled Sherlock’s head into his chest.
Sherlock indistinctly mumbled something along the lines of  “not as hard as you,” and slammed the bedroom door shut behind them.
He picked up his pace, thinking John might have fallen or tripped. He turned the corner and froze with a gasp.
Worry not, friends, worry not :)
“Yes I'm sure down deep inside.”
Then something caught his eye. He lit the wall across from him to reveal several deep scratches. He stepped back to give the light a larger circumference.
“What?” John asked exasperated. “What are you-” All the pieces snapped together.
The young girl he saw yesterday with the long, brown ponytail came swinging down on a rope from a high post. She landed flawlessly in front of Sherlock ready to take orders.
Tony made room as Victor calmly came up and looked him over thoughtfully. Then, he grabbed two handfuls of his shirt and tore it apart in one swift movement.
Sherlock chuckled.
“We’re breaking into Sean’s flat. He’ll be gone from 12 to 1, so we have a few hours to get ready and head over there.”
The spotlights slowed down. When the first one came to a full stop on Sherlock, he snapped his head up from his book in horror. Cheers broke out once again as Mike choked on his drink.
Next to him, Sherlock rolled his eyes at the sight of him trying to suppress his shivers in the dark.
“Sherlock, you git, you’re drunk,” John said with an affectionate smile.
During the lessons, John had always led, but he didn’t mind. “Of course.”
“Triple homicide. Identical circumstances. All in key locations around town where Lestrade suspects an underground gang network is operating. Yes!” he exclaimed, with a little jump.
“Oh, Phil,” she said, quickly swiping the tears off her face.
Mary’s eyes remained cold and distant as she tilted her head at him. John raged on.
he coached mentally.
John on the other had was simply confused. Who the hell would be visiting them now?
He suppressed an eye roll and bent down to peck a smooch on her proffered cheek.
Sherlock groaned again, much more appreciatively this time, and relaxed into the pillow. Pleased with himself, John moved to mouth at the nape of his neck while massaging circles into his shoulders and upper back. He kissed down his spine, rubbing his thumbs down his slender sides as he did so.
He pulled him back up as the soothing chords played around them. John rested his forearms on Sherlock’s shoulders and crossed his wrists behind his neck while Sherlock encircled his waist.
He had never heard of a pirate lord aside from Sherlock in his life, let alone the name Jim Moriarty.  But if Sherlock Holmes thought he was some great leader withholding valuable information, John was sure as hell going play along.
As a shadow grew larger and closer to the kitchen, John felt Sherlock brace for potential danger, shifting so he was half covering him from the intruder.
When Mrs. Hudson opened the door for them, Sherlock immediately pecked a quick kiss on her cheek and entered without invitation. John followed and apologized with a small smile.
Sherlock chuckled. “It would seem so.”
He heard Victor’s voice again, more muffled than before. It sounded like he was giving an order, but he couldn’t make out what it was before he drifted into unconsciousness again.
Mary nodded in understanding. She’d seen for herself how Sherlock felt about John when he jumped into that bonfire without hesitation. It enraged her to no end.
“Sherlock, listen to me. You are a man with a brilliant mind as well as a brilliant heart. Most people don’t see that but I know you. And I know it’s there. I’ve seen it, and I can say for certain that it’s the most beautiful part of you, hands down.”
“No. I wouldn’t bother.”
He and Sherlock busied themselves unpacking the boxes of food he had brought up.
With his last remaining ounce of willpower, he dialed 999. His trembling hand then dropped his phone, and he let all the strength deflate from his body as he lay on the floor in a growing puddle of his own blood.
He opened it and found a neatly compiled list of each target along with which bombers were assigned to the area at which time. With bile rising in his throat, he remembered how Evans had raged about the poor treatment he’d received from the hospital, the lack of attention from government and social service providers that were supposed to care for the public. He remembered Sherlock deducing how broke Tony and Sean both were. These men all had resentments against London’s most important establishments – they aimed to destroy it all.
“You're the one that I want. You are the one I want, ooh ooh ooh, honey.”
“Do what?”
“Oh,” he said reading the text, presumably from Lestrade. “Yes! Oh, John this is brilliant,” he said dashing to the door and pulling on his coat and scarf.
“And why is that?”
He pulled him back in close, their chests panting against each other. After a momentary pause, he ever so slowly lowered John into a dip.
“Sherlock, stop it. You’ll bloody freeze to death.”
After a moment of looking back and forth between them, she silently set the tray of cookies down and let herself back out, muttering something about “decency” and “two bedrooms.”
“I’m calling bullshit.” A pair of large hands grabbed John by the hair and pulled him up to his knees. He was unable to tell if the scream he heard was out loud or just in his mind. He tried opening his eyes again, but they lolled back into his head. A cold blade pressed into his neck.
And and third.
“Nothing. It’s just . . . you with children?” He could just barely see Sherlock rolling his eyes in the dark.
Thanks again everyone, it's been great!
“Fine. But when the cookies are cold and hard, just know it’s your fault.”
As they approached, he could feel Sherlock starting to push him ahead, ensuring that he would make it through first.
“Oh, no. I’m as single as it gets,” he said quickly, trying to sound nonchalant when in fact, getting the words out felt like pulling teeth. Even uttering the word “single” had caused a brutal pang in his chest. With a tightening ache in his stomach, he once again pushed the image of Sherlock out of his head.
When he kissed his eyebrow, the one eyelid that wasn’t hidden in the pillow peeked open. John sleepily rubbed their noses together with a cheeky grin.
“I believe the hickey on your neck would beg to differ.”
Sherlock swept his thumb over his cheek in return, gazing down at him like he was the sun. “John,” he breathed, his eyes sweeping over every inch of his face.
It quickly grew darker outside, and soon the inside of the cab was only lit by the passing streetlights. The gentle back-and-forth rock had lulled John into a content daze while Sherlock sat beside him lost in his mind palace.
“I have to go.” John pulled the door open. Sherlock didn’t resist him this time. He rubbed his sleeve against his eyes and darted down the steps.
The blonde man chuckled darkly, handed off the gun, and said, “The mouth on this one.” He grabbed John by the front of his jacket and lifted him up easily. “We’ll have to do something about that, won’t we?” The brown-haired man murmured in agreement and glared at him. “Captain don’t like the mouthy ones.” Dangling from the arms of a large, angry man, John decided against his better judgement to reply.
Sherlock exhaled and hung his head, like a disappointed parent. The pang hit John in the chest like a lead weight, and he jumped to explain himself. To defend himself. Anything to save what they had.
“That man over there? Cheated on his wife last night. She walked in to find him and his girlfriend together and proceeded to kick him out. He had to get ready for tonight in a two-star hotel. He even hit on the room service ladies and got one of their numbers. Also got slapped by a hotel waitress. ”
At last, the last tie was cut loose, and he slid off the chair and sunk to his knees. John joined him, and their arms wrapped around each other in an instant.
“I thought you were given a job to do,” said a voice behind him. John realized how long he must have been staring and turned to see a stocky man with short, dark brown hair looking back at him.
“Oh?” Sherlock hummed, looking slightly disappointed in John’s eyes, but maybe that was just sleep deprivation.“Oh, yes, alright then. Goodnight, John.”
About ten minutes later, he pulled on the knob to 221B. Locked.
Hunched low, and with their arms around each other for support, they navigated through the thickening smoke towards the grand entrance.
“No, John! I have to –
John’s heart swelled at the sight. He looked precious. Almost child-like. As he slowly reached out to push that stray curl out of eyes, a nurse entered the room.
They finally kissed!
He broke out into a dead sprint towards the door. Pulling out his gun, he burst inside without waiting.
Sherlock kept his eyes forward, knowing he’d hit every single one of John’s buttons - danger, his aversion to being coddled, his need to be involved, and the fact that waiting would mean allowing Sherlock to enter the warehouse alone and unarmed. He resisted the smirk playing at his lips when he heard John swear and jog up the dirt clearing to catch up to him.
Horror struck John as two men yanked the door to Sherlock’s quarters open and entered without invite. Hatred and disgust boiled in his stomach as he watched them tearing through Sherlock’s things with their filthy, grimy fingers.
This time, it was comical the way Sherlock dramatically stretched his body horizontally on the chair and then curled into a ball. “Don’t want to. This week alone you’ve forced me to socialize more than enough for a lifetime.”
“Look, I appreciate your concern for Sherlock. But he’s doing fine. Great, in fact.” John hitched his jacket in preparation to leave. “You know what? If we need your help, I’ll give you a call. Okay? But until then . . .” John searched for a more polite way to say “fuck off” and came up short. “Let’s stick to pleasantries and mind our own business.”
Above him, Sherlock awkwardly cleared his his throat. Molly and Greg turned their attention to him, and John turned his head in his lap to see him properly.
“Oh, good. You’re awake.”
John smiled to himself, happy for them, as he allowed his eyes to drift back shut to the rhythm of Sherlock’s fingers combing through his hair.
Several uncomfortable beats of silence passed before Greg spoke up.
She froze. She’d recognize that voice anywhere. After all, its owner had given her her career, her whole life. Everything that was dear to her. And there was only one person in the world who’d call her Annie.
“I only did those things because of you!” he exploded. And suddenly, it all came rushing out at once.
“No. And it was disappointingly clichéd and predictable.”
“Since the start.”
John sat up and looked around the room.
She had to figure out what that meant for her before she was thrown unprepared into whatever scheme he had planned.
“And you won’t leave?”
“Does this mean I have to kill Sherlock again?”
“Well it’s hardly safe for you to be here anymore. You’ve nearly died on more than one occasion and I’ll not have you getting hurt anymore. It’s best for us both if you return to where you’re safe.”
But it was too late. Their ship was pulled up snug against Moriarty’s now. They all gazed across and caught their first glimpse of him.
“The left side has been broken before so I recommend aiming there.”
He was standing with his back facing him, muttering to himself like a madman.
The man laughed. “Well, you’re pretty impressive yourself. I never could’ve gotten into medical school.”
Even in the dark, Sherlock’s eye roll wasn’t missed, although it failed to carry any real annoyance. He lifted his arm without separating his steepled fingers and allowed John to settle in against his side before dropping his elbow back down.
*****
John’s stomach boiled in absolute fury as he clenched his fist.
Sherlock’s face scrunched up in anger at the colloquial address. He unlocked the door, stormed inside, and grabbed John by the front of his shirt. Bending so his nose was almost touching John’s, he growled through gritted teeth in his deep, baritone voice, "I am not your mate. I am your Captain. And as of right now, you are my lowly, pathetic prisoner. And if you so stupidly choose not to cooperate with me, I will very much make your life here a living hell.”
“Of course.”
“John!” Sherlock cried out, completely scandalized.
Sherlock swished off to begin his exploration leaving John to haul all of their bags to the master bedroom himself. When he finally found it, he stood in the doorway for a moment simply admiring it.
The more John yelled, the angrier he got. All his built up rage spilled out before he could stop himself.
SIX MONTHS LATER
But redirecting his gaze towards his sleep-flushed face and mussed up hair only reminded him of the hours they spent awake last night. Wrapped in a cocoon of limbs, softly stroking skin and rubbing toes to let the other know they were still awake and not going anywhere.
Hours later, after John has suspected night had fallen, he heard loud, slow footsteps thumping down the stairs that had led him to the brig. Sherlock Holmes turned around the corner and faced John, who was still lying in his cot. The pirate stood with his back straight and hands folded behind his back waiting to be acknowledged. John sensed his attempt at a power play and stayed staring straight up at the ceiling with a smirk, refusing to give in. A minute or so of this silence passed before the captain grew restless. He cleared his throat impatiently.
“What’s your name, cutie?” Stacey asked, linking her arm with his and pulling his attention away from Julia cozying up to Sherlock.
John moved the light to the right.
He turned several corners and flew down many flights of stairs, hoping to throw them off, but they kept right on his tail. He was now deep into levels of the ship he had never explored before. He had no idea where he was or where he was leading them.
The first time they showed up to a crime scene holding hands, they received more than a few shocked stares from Greg Lestrade and Scotland Yard. “About time,” Sally had muttered under her breath. But since then, their excessive pet names, couplish squabbling, and cheek kisses have gone almost unnoticed by the team.
*****
Sherlock took his silence as a forfeit. “We promised Josephine three nights here. That’s what we’re going to give her.”
“Yeah, sorry. Just, you know, with Mary and the wedding and everything, we never really got to spend time together after you returned. I mean, we went on cases and stuff. But nothing like this.” He smiled warmly. “I really missed you, Sherlock. I don’t think I told you that.”
“Are you angry with me?” Sherlock piped up quietly after a while. “For making you think I had died? For putting you through all that? Letting you think you were going to die as well?”
He wasn’t getting out of this alive. He just knew it. But the part of him that still believed in Sherlock, that had always believed in him, urged him to believe otherwise.
John held his glass to his lips and took a moment to admire him, something he hadn’t had the chance to do since he returned. He had aged, yes, but underneath was still the same man that giggled with him on the stairwell. The one who played the violin for him when he had a nightmare, and sat through Bond nights just to make him happy. His heart swelled with affection just looking at him, something that never happened with Mary. Not even at their best.
He turned another corner and every ounce of hope drained out of him. He had run straight into a dead end.
“Is this you trying to say ‘thank you?’”
He stood at the tip of the bow with his hands behind his back, just like Sherlock did. He wore a long dark coat, black boots, and a black hat with a red tie underneath it. From this distance, John could just barely make out a gold earring and some rather dark tattoos in various locations.
to help John through this.
John, who had been fumbling with his tied hands, found a rather weak spot in the knots. Trying to hide his smile, he dug up some old skills he acquired in the military and set to loosening the bonds further.
He tried to catch at least an hour of sleep, since he figured they’d be up late investigating. After attempting several positions, he scooted over to Sherlock’s side and gave his arm a gentle nudge.
“Memories are unreliable. Studies have shown that nearly thirty percent of our memories are imperfect reconstructions of previous events.”
John’s head snapped up at the words that had first drawn him into Sherlock’s life. The invitation was written clearly on his face. The ‘You have missed this. Just the two of us against the rest of the world’ implied.
As for his own experiences in the house? Perhaps Sherlock was right about that too. Being here had messed with his head. He easily could have imagined most of it. His memory could have altered what happened. There were no such things as ghosts, and they had to stick with the facts in front of them.
"It's only cash. Just a few dollars." He looked up at John, desperate for help but both he and Mrs. Hudson shrugged in mock-helplessness. Turning away from them, he scanned the flat for more ideas. He turned to the oven and grabbed the handle.
“I suppose you are wondering why you’ve been brought here against your will, John Watson.” Wondering how he knew his name, John stirred uneasily but still refused to make eye contact or reply. Sherlock gave a frustrated sigh before continuing, “You were scouted out as the leader of your comrades and brought here to provide me with information essential to the success of my plan.”
The entrance to the cellar was exactly as unnerving as one might expect it to be. It was so dark John couldn’t see where the bottom of the stairs met the floor. He used his flashlight to guide his descent.
John gritted his teeth. Hearing her joke about their closeness, which she did quite often, always irritated him to no end. She didn’t know what it was like for him before Sherlock died. She didn’t know how essential they once were to each other’s being. She didn’t know anything.
Panic struck when he noticed Sherlock didn’t fall out after him.
“So I see.”
They pulled each other close, their foreheads and noses pressed together.
“I’m fine,” he said through gritted teeth.
As he listened, he looked past her for a moment as an odd sight caught his eye. Up on the bow, Victor was shouting viciously at Sherlock, who flinched multiple times at the verbal abuse. He was too far to hear what the argument was about, but Sherlock looked so hurt and defenseless, he knew there were very few topics that could weaken him like that.
They broke apart simultaneously gasping for breath, thick raindrops racing down their faces. A moment later, they tilted their heads the opposite direction and suctioned their lips together once more. They breathed each other in. Their wet lips slid against each other marvelously as the kiss grew deeper and deeper, rougher and more desperate. When they finally broke for breath again, John smiled up at Sherlock and ran his finger along the purple satin scarf, wet and clinging to his pale neck.
John’s heart painfully tugged in his chest at these words. Words he knew weren’t easy for Sherlock to say.
“Fantastic,” Sherlock said as he took the bag from her. Molly leaned onto the counter and rested her head in her hands. “You should go home. Get some rest.”
Sherlock finally snapped out of his trance and called out, his voice shaking slightly. “Jackson, Bolt, and Victor! Tie down the sails immediately! John and Molly, secure loose cargo! Lestrade, take us on!”
*****
“What? No, I can’t.”
He offered a small, sympathetic smile at John’s slight wince. The worn man looked down into his hands. He seemed disappointed, but not surprised in the least. This was just another tally to add to the reasons not to trust her, just one more way she’d let him down.
He had just kissed Sherlock Holmes. And Sherlock Holmes had kissed him back, hard. His heart was still racing, and he had not yet caught his breath. Running a hand through his already mussed up hair, he let out a content chuckle knowing that his feelings had not been one sided.
God he missed this.
“What did he do to me?”
She perked up slightly. “You do?”
Sherlock and Ray were standing in the middle of the room. Ray’s back was to him as he snogged him viciously and felt him up beneath his unbuttoned shirt. Sherlock’s eyes snapped up to John and widened in alarm when he saw him panting in the doorway with his gun.
“Something didn’t make sense, something wasn’t clicking, I didn’t realize…” he was muttering under his breath, sounding more and more like he belonged in a psychiatric ward.
“Sherlock.”
"Then Christine grew up and Josephine became the next firstborn in the bloodline. So Moloch set his eyes on her instead."
John rose and was led by Greg up two flights of stairs to the deck. Looking around, he realized how beautiful and majestic this ship actually was: the golden brown floor boards, the proud, white sails flapping wildly in the wind, the tropical scent of the sea right under his nose. He must have missed it in all the craziness from yesterday.
Sherlock stared back at her with his mouth agape. Whatever she was about to ask, he knew he owed her one.
“Yeah, right, just hitting for fun?” John joked. She laughed and nudged his shoulder playfully.
“I should have brought my coat,” John breathed, shivering in the rain.
*****
They anchored off of Moriarty’s ship leaving his crew lost and confused without their captain. Sherlock reassured everyone that nothing of value had been lost and it was not worth risking their lives again to try to win their stuff back. It was best to leave them be.
“Yes, yes, I love you, too,” he replied impatiently, panting and sweating. “Now get on with it, you git!”
“No, Sherlock! I’m telling you-”
**********
Sherlock guided him to gently fall backwards onto the bed and land with a soft thud before climbing up and hovering over him.
John couldn’t put himself through that. He couldn’t be with Sherlock, he reminded himself. Not without getting him killed, and he couldn’t heartlessly lead Sherlock on or torture himself by letting loose with him.
I hope you guys enjoyed the fluff in the last few chapters! Time to buckle in
Sherlock groaned irritably, almost like a child being woken for school, and burrowed his face into the pillow. John laughed nestled into the curls on the back of his head, enjoying the feel of them tickling his face. He shifted lower and began sucking softly into the groove between his neck and shoulders. He pulled back and smacked a kiss there, and then moved to the other side.
John thought. It wouldn’t be as simple as just walking out.
“Good. Now whatever it is that you think you can’t tell me, or that you think I wouldn’t take well, just know that –”
He left, leaving Sherlock bewildered.
Victor glared at him, as though to remind him that he wasn’t his servant, but took the tray anyway. When he was turned, John quickly leaned down and slashed through the ties around his ankles, resisting a groan at the pain in his ribs.
“So he fires them?”
“I’m trying, John.” He could hear the strain in his voice. It was very unlike Sherlock to say things like this. “Just please . . . tell me what I’m doing wrong.”
The karaoke stage was lit and ready for the next two occupants. College students were drunk and grinding on the dance floor. Colorful lights roamed around them as the DJ turned up the already hard pounding music.
He continued to chat politely with Stacey, but couldn’t help sneaking glances to see what Sherlock and Julia were up to next to him.
“You don’t . . . do that kind of thing.”
John was more than aware of this. Sherlock and Mycroft had seen each other sparingly for the last month, ever since they reunited at the precinct. Their meetings, at least the ones John was present for, were always awkward and filled with uncomfortable silences. Though they were making progress, they still had a long way to go before they had anything even resembling a normal sibling relationship.
“How about now?”
“John, no, it wasn’t-”
“Yes. It's just getting late.” Mike clapped him on the back.
"If you absolutely needed a coat and didn’t have yours, what’s the next thing you would go to?” Sherlock immediately leapt up and stormed to where John's coat was hanging beside the spot where his own should have been.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock rolled his eyes way more dramatically than necessary, and furiously continued to make a mess of the living room on his hands and knees. Eventually, John took pity on the poor man.
“How long was I out?” John mumbled to Sherlock.
His head surfaced and he breathed in a lungful of air with gratitude. The fire in his chest calmed as he caught his breath, never more thankful for air in his life.
John buried his face in the shoulder of Sherlock’s suit. Sherlock clamped his arms around his back, pulling him in tight - tighter than what could have possibly been comfortable. John squeezed back just as hard in response.
John had received no further messages or harassment from Mary, so he took that to mean he was satisfying her terms.
He tore the doors open and whirled inside to find Sherlock on his knees with his hands up, and Mary pointing a gun to his head.
At last, he could hold it in no longer.
“Would you like to stay?” Again, just barely a whisper. If John hadn’t been listening for it, he wouldn’t have heard. Nonetheless, his heart leapt at the invitation to spend the night with Sherlock for the first time.
They pulled back, and ever so slowly raised their gazes to look at one another.
That reminded him. “Yeah. Hey, did Sherlock tell you about what happened after I blacked out? I haven’t had a chance to ask him yet.”
“Oh, mind if I borrow your gun? Could be dangerous.”
Sherlock chuckled in amusement at his act. He couldn’t help it. The boy looked back at him, his eyes positively sparkling. He cocked his head as if to say ‘You can do better then? as the next verse approached.
“Well I’d hope so. What kind of party would it have been otherwise?”
A moment of still silence followed his words. Sherlock’s hands had stopped rubbing him and now laid rested on his arms. John shivered and clutched the blanket tighter as a cold breeze rushed past them.
“Oh please.” He mimicked John’s voice and desperation. “Do you have a girlfriend? How about a boyfriend? No? Could I be your boyfriend? Please Sherlock, I’ve never met anyone as fascinating and stunningly attractive as you. You’re brilliant, fantastic, and I wish to take you to bed immediately!” He resumed speaking in his own voice. “Honestly, John. Anyone with eyes could have seen it.”
“I need the-”
John held him there at gunpoint seething with rage, his eyes never leaving his face. Finally, they heard police sirens wailing outside the club.
“No, I insist. Have one.”
“Yes, I’m fine,” he said, and tried removing it again before Sherlock gripped his wrists and stopped him.
John’s aching hard erection stood stiff against his stomach. Sherlock stroked the length of it delicately. He reached the head and swirled his fingertip into the bit of pre-cum oozing out there.
“I don’t know exactly,” John replied with a shrug. “I guess just being that close to you. It felt nice. It was comforting.”
“Anyway, Sherlock took what he wanted from the poor guy and dumped him. I mean, I guess we shouldn’t be surprised. It is Sherlock after all. But Victor still has a thing for him, I suspect.”
John wiped a single tear from the corner of his eye as he rested his head back down again. Never again would he doubt that Sherlock loved every bit of him unconditionally. Never.
“Perhaps later you can join in then. Don’t worry, I’ll fill you in.”
John pulled away to look him in the eyes. His gaze was soft and understanding, and just a tad mischievous. “I couldn’t agree more,” he said with a playful smile.
“Dinner and dancing?”
His eyes snapped to him in question. John smiled and rose from his chair, walking across the floor to turn on their radio. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
This chapter contains graphic torture.
John opened his eyes and stared down at his and Sherlock’s joined hands. This is… unprecedented. Sherlock didn’t like to be touched, so to think that he’d be holding his hand to comfort him was quite baffling. If someone had told him that Sherlock Holmes, his flatmate, would do such a thing he’d laugh and call them bonkers. But here they are, with Sherlock looking slightly unsure and sure at the same time.
