Castiel smiles back and then his eye catches onto Meg at the counter. She’s not even pretending like she’s not eavesdropping, “Preferably somewhere with less of an audience.”
Meg shrugs, looking self satisfied, “C’mon, Clarence. I’m saying this so you don’t get lead on. Open your eyes, why would a
“Oh you know. Uphill. He doesn’t want to be seen with me in public,” Dean says sullenly.
It went well. The Winchester brothers were naturally athletic and kept the rivalry for first place between the two of them, while the others just focused on not guttering all their balls. When the brothers got banned for the next round, Dean took it upon himself to be Castiel’s private coach.
Mary Winchester, Dean’s mom, had sounded nice on the phone when she’d called. She had found his number on the middle school’s info board and her eldest was failing two classes, and though he was busy with performing arts, Mrs. Winchester would like to clear out some of his schedule for academia. With the promise of two times two-hour sessions a week,
Despite the welcomed flirting, Cas was just as hard to crack as before. Dean still needed to finish all his worksheets before Cas would let him get to the good stuff. It was a lot more rewarding than before. Besides, they spent a lot more time
“I will give you a call when I feel like talking to you again.” He continues glaring and Dean’s hands are shaking now.
Castiel must be able to tell, because he looks up from his laptop and asks, “Are you sure you’re doing okay?”
Dean drops his jaw. His first instinct is to deny, deny,
“Huh,” Bobby says and then understands and sits up a little straighter, “Huh! Oh. Good for you.”
“Take these outside, will ya?” Dean hands Cas two bowls of hot gumbo, turns off the hot plate and follows Cas outside with two glasses and a jar of clear liquid.
He should have cooked.
It’s eerily quiet. All Dean can hear is his own heartbeat, the puff of his breath and two sets of feet walking in step on the gravel pathway.
“Oh? Is it that little slice who was in your Facebook photo?” Gabriel asks, chuckling. Joking.
(See the end of the chapter for
Benny leans back in his chair, popping his back as he stretches it out, “I need more coffee to do this shit,” he pushes some eraser-dust off his worksheet, dangerously close to Dean’s plate of half a Panini. He glares at him but Benny just grins.
“Anyway, it was pretty cool. I’m glad Eileen suggested it,” Sam finishes and then he gets off the couch, stretching his legs, “I’m gonna unpack and then I wanna watch I Am Legend if you’re up for it?”
Sam rolls his eyes, “I have to be adopted. There’s no other logical explanation.”
“Oh nothing like that,” the guy shakes his head. He has yet to smile as he says, “I’m the designated driver, and since I’m not into dancing or making out with strangers when I’m sober, I thought I’d might as well gorge myself on soda. Root beer’s my favorite.”
Dean stops in his tracks to look at Sam, “what? You guys have loads in common. You’re both fucking nerds. And if it’s really bad just do homework or exchange embarrassing stories about me.”
It got to Castiel then, and with an angry set to his jaw he had a hard time keeping his own voice down, “That’s not true! I just can’t see you every Monday afternoon and Saturday morning because I have to give your allotted time to someone else.”
Dean almost coughs his dinner up all over the table, but manages to swallow. Sam is laughing, but his head is redder than Dean’s. Cas is as stoic as ever.
Castiel gets unreasonably annoyed by the whole exchange which is
Castiel was dropped off by his mother soon enough, and Dean had to shove Sam to get to the door first.
When Meg realizes she’s being ignored she rolls her eyes, “Ugh, just go down there, I’ll bring you your stuff.”
Jimmy just keeps smiling (it’s gummy and Dean thinks he’s melting), and since Dean is apparently a complete moron, Jimmy finally takes the finished coffee and hands it to Dean so he can get his own coffee.
Dean turned to him with a smirk, “You are a nerd, nerd. Tell Mom I’m not staying?” he asked and made for the bathroom.
Sam comes back out, plugging the charger into his phone and into the wall, all the while looking at Dean with a look of disbelief and disappointment, “You didn’t.”
Castiel sighed. He already had plans with Dean. But they were not going to study today, and Castiel had been slacking since the new development in their relationship. He’d just text him to reschedule. “Okay.”
“Well, hell, Cas. Yeah,” he says, “Apology accepted then.”
“Good,” Dean smiles all shy. “I want you too,” he says, voice low, but eyes meeting Cas’ across their breakfast.
Sam gets in and Cas says: “Alright, lov-“
Sam spills some fruity pebbles down his shirt, “To be fair he was the one who brought it up. In a roundabout way.”
She agrees to Dean’s prank just in time, because the doors open then, and Dean takes in the trench coat and bites his lip as Cas looks all serious when he skims the bar.
Their waitress puts a credit card machine on the bar in front of them. “Someone will come down with your order. Your total is $75.50,” she says.
“Uh, no,” Dean says. “Will someone please tell me what the fuck is going on?”
He was in the locker room, talking to a girl while helping her tie up the satin ribbons on the back of her dress.
“Did you even tell him you’re going?” Hanna asked.
Since the kiss the study sessions changed notably. For one, flirting was off the ban list. Dean could nibble suggestively on pens and sit way too close to Cas now.
“He’s just stressed out because you guys are fighting on top of this being his most important show so far. After the show when he’s gotten all the praise his ego needs, and the adrenaline has worn off, he’ll be fine.” Charlie reassured Castiel.
Dean puts his beer down, “C’mon, it’ll be funny.”
“I have a little time.”
Castiel flattened down the middle of his textbook, “Nothing,” he shrugged.
“Well, if we didn’t have him how would I know I’m not worth shit? Not like he’s been drilling it into my brain for twenty six fucking years,” Dean mumbles. He must be close to his breaking point to be spewing this emotional bullshit.
Dean slides his hand onto Cas’ thigh, leaning into his space. He finally gets what he wanted.
Cas smiles back then. Grabs the shower gel to wash up.
That returned Castiel to normal, and he perked up to ruffle through a homemade math compendium, the freak.
Castiel nods, the severity of this admission clear in his eyes.
Sam groans but with a grin, “I barely remember it.” He picks up an enormous mug of coffee.
Dean face palms while Cas frowns.
“Seeing you in that maid outfit, oh,” he latches onto Dean’s neck for a moment, “so fucking hot. I wanted to fuck you in it. Right there on the table.”
Dean shrugs and looks down. He’s upset. He hasn’t seen his boyfriend all week, he’s been swamped with schoolwork and the last thing he wants to do is discuss logistics.
“Sorry,” Cas says and begins opening the door. Balthazar steps back to give him space. “I didn’t realize you were waiting.”
“It’s a formality thing,” the cherub said, shrugging.
3. Cas’ friends don’t approve.
“So I know this is really poorly timed seeing as we both leave for the holidays tomorrow, but I’m kinda having the freak-out,” Dean says.
“Not that obvious,” Cas replies.
A waitress brings them water while she refills Castiel’s and his date’s glasses, and Dean throws himself at it, wishing it was vodka.
Dean sighs and rubs a hand across his brow. “Fuck” he mutters again.
Jimmy nods and smiles awkwardly and Dean thinks to himself again that his favorite porn star might actually be a real fucking dork in real life. He turns back around, going back to his notes.
“Who’d known you were such a nerd?”
“Charlie, I don’t care. What do you talk to strangers about? Talk to him about coding or Harry Potter. Or microbiology for all I care.” Dean wishes he didn’t snap like that. Charlie holds her hands up in defense.
He shrugs, “I don’t know. I mean, I’m sure they’ve called in a bunch of people for interviews.”
“Dean and I are to be paired?” Castiel asked.
“There’s coffee too,” Dean winks.
Castiel felt almost sick at hearing that that was what Dean thought.
Castiel nods in understanding. Despite spending six weeks together, and three of them, erm,
For now, he followed the older of the hunters as he was dropped off at the diner in town by his brother, who drove off.
“Dean!” Charlie said when he again didn’t reply.
“You alright?” Dean asks, urging Cas to keep walking with a hand on his elbow. He passes the shot from the girl off to a buddy in the crowd, who yells something about how awesome ‘D-dawg’ is.
Dean huffs a laugh and then the waitress asks if they’re ready to order drinks. They both get beer.
Castiel is just about to open his mouth, to protest, to call them on their bullshit, who knows, when Pamela stands up.
“Fine,” Castiel agrees reluctantly and saunters after Meg.
The chemistry is there but Castiel is hard to read. He’s awkward and shy, and yeah Dean is fucking into it but some confirmation would be nice. Usually Dean isn’t shy to go for what he wants; he was actually kind of infamous for it in undergrad, but this, with Cas, it feels to important. If he went full speed ahead he’s worried he might just scare Cas off.
Dean’s grin widens.
Cas doesn’t speak for a beat. “Are you drunk?” he asks then.
He’s made sure Sam is out of the house (he’s at some blonde’s apartment, Dean is proud) and Dean has done the dishes and deleted his browser history. The basics.
Dean is woken up the next day by someone entering his room. He must have been close to waking because the click of the door is enough.
“Oh,” the cherub said, suddenly confused.
Crowley jumped onto the stage from the front instead of coming through the back like they had exited. Stiles looked at him over the top of his cymbals from where he sat at his kit. “You find the bartender?”
After spending the start of the summer working at the book store with Jess before joining Dean and Cas for a couple shows near the tail end, he was just as surprised as Sam when they were back in town barely an hour when a package arrived for him at their new address, only to pull out another aged text, pages lined in handwritten Latin.
Stiles rolled his eyes, “C’mon,
It’s not like Beacon Hills was sheltered or fit the small-town stereotypes, but it was a tight knit community. Everyone knew everyone, knew everyone’s business, and he saw how the town reacted when Erica had one little makeover. You had one look, one identity, and you were stuck with it for life, whether you liked it or not.
“No, man, you have to let me get this out. There has to be a reason every big bad that comes through here tries to get to me first, when they want to get to you. That stupid omega figured out before you did and I’m sick and tired of ignoring it, and I mean it, Derek, I’m out of school, I’m as much of a legal, consenting adult as you are; get your ass over here and fucking
“You sure?” John watched his son for a second longer before shrugging. “Could’ve fooled me, kid.”
“Clearly not.” Stiles shot back, “You’re not going to shame me for the shit I do. Or did. Whatever. You want to get to know me, and what I’ve been doing since I left? That’s going to be part of it, so keep your jealousy on lockdown.”
While Boyd drove them over, Erica glancing in the back to see what Stiles was doing, he tapped at his phone, glancing through notifications before catching a message from Dean. They were heading out to grab dinner and wanted to know if he’d want any. He quickly typed back:
“Crowley came down,” Castiel pushed on his tuner pedal, picking at the strings on his guitar as he finetuned them. Stiles had done more shows with Crowley than he had without. The guy didn’t belong to any one band, playing with most any punk or alt groups, known for hosting killer jam sessions at his place in Portland. He could play guitar and bass, conveniently switching between the instruments depending on the gig.
“Yoga, Dean, Cas is talking about
Derek frowned, “You caught onto that, huh?”
Stiles was leaning against the back of the spiral staircase, head tilted against the wall as the guy (Josh or Justin or something) bit along his neck, proving every bit of what Crowley had promised him. Their hands were firm on each other’s waists, and Stiles was all too happy to stay in this moment for as long as he could, when a voice clearing interrupted them. Stiles blinked his eyes open, catching Lydia watching him before turning towards the kitchen. Stiles groaned, pushing off the wall and out of JoshJustinsomething’s hands.
“Don’t blame me when you regret this,” Sam said to Stiles when the line went dead.
“Hey, man, I know fucking around helps you guys cool off after a show, and I love you both, I do, but that is not—”
“Fine.” Stiles paused when they stood up, “We’re getting ice cream on the way.” Erica grinned back.
“And I’m sorry for not talking to you like an actual adult.”
They had made it out of the preserve when Derek started, “Stiles—” Derek paused, waiting to see if Stiles would interrupt him again. Silence met him. “I’m sorry.”
Dean barked out a laugh in response. Castiel stood, grabbing one of their bags and retrieved a small case. Dean took out his zippo, flicking the lid open and shut while Castiel finished pulling out one of the joints they had rolled before Stile got into town. Dean lit the end for Castiel, grinning when he shared the first pull by shotgunning with Dean. They grinning loosely at each other before Castiel turned towards Stiles, letting him take a couple deep hits before returning.
“What is he, some kind of hippie?” Stiles laughed.
“Glad to see you boys fully clothed.” John huffed, looking at the two for a longer second than necessary.
Stiles bit out, “No,” at the same time that he said, “Derek.” He turned around, grabbing a bottle of whiskey from the well before pouring two glasses.
you wouldn’t mind coming with me.”
By the end of August, and the end of their summer tour, Stiles had the last two books done. He wasn’t sure if it was just because of his Latin was getting
“You guys know what these shows usually end up like, right?” Stiles questioned, eyeing his friends carefully.
“Dean, too.” Sam reached around and grabbed a second bag from the doorway that he was dropped when on the phone. “Got pulled into a job and is not happy that I flew in instead of letting him drive me.”
Lydia walked down the steps from her porch to join them at the firepit with a pitcher and several cups stacked. “And for us who do not require aconite poisoning, we get margaritas.”
Stiles could swear he heard Derek going up the steps to his room, the soft click of the door shutting over the line. He lazily touched himself, the towel he had used to dry off pooled at his feet. When Derek didn’t respond right away, Stiles spoke up again, “Tell me what you’re doing, Derek.”
“You know, Stiles,” John leaned back against the doorframe, “You’ve been spending a lot of time with Erica this summer. You ready for what’s going to happen, you living so many hours away soon?”
Fuck no.
“Yeah, and I probably would’ve been, if I hadn’t been interrupted.” Stiles frowned, leaning back so his palms laid flat on the table top.
“That’s not our scene,” Dean huffed, “We’re the high-energy, screaming, bass-thumping, dirty basement band where you know you might see some shit go down but it’s too dark to tell who’s a boy and who’s a girl so get
He sent it to Derek before hopping in the shower.
“Fuck, Stiles,”
Erica rolled her eyes, “If I didn’t have a shop to run I would almost consider chasing you guys cross-country.”
Derek stared, waiting for Stiles to stop before smiling, “Good news first”
Still, they had enough meetings with family leaders or local hunters that when Chris Argent came knocking on their motel door, Stiles rolled his eyes before backing into the room to let the guy in. Crowley had been sitting on the bed he shared with Stiles, having joined them back at the makeshift living arrangements after leaving the warehouse, tugging his pants on when Stiles got up to answer the door. Dean and Cas were tumbling out of the bathroom.
, and while everyone and their mom (Melissa wished him safe travels while also yelling at him for not telling her himself) blew up his phone on his way back into town today, no one thought to mention he’d be spending the evening performing in front of the guy?
He knew he couldn’t stay out of Beacon Hills forever, but he knew he didn’t want to return to being the guy he was when he left for school. He didn’t regret any of this shit he did, hell, he got cool ass battle scars from it, but he wondered if Derek rejected him because of how desperate he probably smelled. Sometimes he’d start to wonder if the others only tolerated him. He knows he didn’t do much to try and keep up any of the friendships outside of Erica and Lydia, but it became glaringly obvious that you were either there, physically part of the pack, or you were out.
“Leave, go home, see your dad, do
“Posting on reddit threads about shows is not enough to build an audience,” Jess said pointedly, in a tone that made Stiles think this was a discussion already had in the past.
Without a word, Sam quickly redressed Stiles, pushing his shoes and jeans off his bottoms before throwing the comforter over him. He rolled Stiles to his side, trash bin within spitting distance. He sat heavily down on his bed next to Jess, hands resting on his knees. “Fuck.”
Cas to demonstrate the sexual undertones in the song’s lyrics. In his defense they all thought the dressed-up cops were dancers from the strip.)
“Stiles,” Derek bit out, only causing Stiles to grin wider. “Safe to say I’m
them. She sent a later message letting him know the club had already sent them an email hoping to extend the contract, but she would look over the revisions in the morning.
“Stiles,” John started, turning to the group at the bar.
aren’t common turns of phrase, he really couldn’t back pedal out of that one.
Stiles really needed to stop jinxing himself. His dad was a smart man, and while he acted like he had no idea Erica was going to be stopping in, having wrapped up the morning shift at the shop, the hopeful glint Stiles recognized as he looked between Erica and Stiles gave enough away. Stiles sat up in his seat, watching Erica cautiously as she joined them at the table. John was wiping his hands clean, taking the bill to the front to pay without pause. “I’m sure you’ll find a ride back, Stiles, but business calls.” He smiled down at Stiles, “I’ll see you later.”
“Made nice with a local bartender, you know how it goes,” she winked, watching as Crowley moved towards the door she had just walked through.
“Holy shit,” Stiles repeated.
They never sent him snaps of the preserve, or the house they frequented in the woods, even though he knew they were spending just as much time there as their own homes. Three years later, and he was still marking the dates for full moons every month in every calendar he’s ever had. Just in case.
Surprisingly, it wasn’t all wolves, which helped ease some of his nerves. Helped it to feel more like a routine gig. Erica had shared the plans with several people out in the crowd, and the word spread as quickly as it had the last time they threw a rave in the building.
“Yeah, doesn’t mean they wouldn’t make for a cool coffee table book.” Sam’s eyes looked to where the other original-texts sat on their bookcase in the corner of the room. Stiles had to admit the guy had a point – people usually asked about the books, not believing when either of them said they were in old Latin, laughing at the absurdity of two guys having books that people couldn’t actually read on display.
“Of course it fucking is,” Stiles sighed, sitting back down, across from Sam. “Did I ask for your help translating last night?”
Besides Erica, and eventually Scott, no one knew the reason for the sudden shift between Derek and Stiles, and no one questioned it, but it was getting on Stiles’ very last nerves.
“Where you coming from?” Stiles asked, sitting on his bed. He had started unpacking his things, having already made the bed with the extra set of sheets he had at home.
After they punched out a couple bars from the first set of songs they had queued up, Stiles kept twirling the drum stick in his hand, heel bouncing against the stage floor that wasn’t pressed on the bass drum. Castiel caught his attention, pulling his vape out of his back pocket before tossing it towards Stiles. He caught it easily with a grin, “Thanks, Cas.”
Stiles could’ve sworn he heard Jess whisper
He added several shocked emojis after the line, grinning when he pocketed his phone.
By the time he was out, towel wrapped around his waist, he checked to see that Derek had opened the snapchat. He had one missed call.
“Get dressed, I’m coming to get you.” Stiles get hear the sound of his dad packing up his things from across the line. “You’ve been in town nearly a damn week and I haven’t seen you since.”
“Heard you’re a hell of a partier,” Dean smirked, shaking hands with Stiles, letting out a laugh when Stiles’ fair skin slowly started to heat up. He wrapped an arm around the waist of the guy beside him, fingers looped through the back of his beltloops comfortably. “This is Cas.”
He heard Erica groan in exasperation before responding, “I really want to tell you to go fuck yourself but this isn’t why I called.”
“You know, I don’t think the pack is really catching onto the
Erica held Stiles’ gaze before glancing down at the way their bodies were lined up on the bed, sharing the blanket with the computer nestled on both of their laps, before looking back up at him.
They were close to the end of their first set, which had turned into a clash of sound as Crowley started riffing off of the beat Stiles was punching out. Castiel had his own solo during the last song, having built his own momentum with Dean singing more to his flexing fingers as they moved quickly across the frets than the crowd. As Castiel’s fingers moved further down the neck of the guitar, Dean ripped the mic off of the stand, pulling the cable with him, bending to his knees on the floor, looking up at Castiel in near worship. Dean’s voice was raw, brash, yelling out the words as he gravitated closer to Castiel.
“Not so fast,” John grabbed Stiles’ arm as he turned around. He glanced up at the clock, “Looks like it’s lunch time and I
John looked up at Derek with a smaller smile this time, “You brought him home.”
, for pushing you away.” Derek said.
Stiles cut off Erica’s laughter, looking down to hit the
“A what?” Stiles asked.
“No, I
“What?” Derek asked, looking at Stiles in confusion. “No, those are for you. I want you to keep them.”
“Well shit.” Erica leaned back. “So you didn’t stay aware because of the pack?”
And Stiles felt like he was on the outside looking in.
ones, but he was never around long enough to actually witness the man in action.)
“Just promise me you will come home sometime soon.”
“Oh, yeah, I mean, I’m not.” Stiles scratched the back of his neck nervously. Scott had actually stopped asking about Stiles’ travel plans after they spoke in January, but with spring break coming up he cautiously asked after they were an hour into playing video games together, and Stiles had told Scott without pause, Nope, not for spring break, and probably not during the summer, either.
, I am not.” Stiles glared. “What, you were sent by Derek to be buddy-buddy, get my guard down, and then, I’d, what? Happily follow you into the den of the big bad?” He shook his head, “Damn Erica, and here I thought you actually missed me.”
“We’re the
It was safe to say with all of the work Stiles was doing with Jess in managing the band and their public image, and maintaining his stellar GPA, Stiles had forgotten about the pack.
“It’s been a helluva year,” Dean added.
back up on stage before
Lydia laid back down with a huff, “I’m not whispering around a set of wolves that will hear us anyway, Stiles. Don’t play dumb, it’s not cute.”
thinking about Derek among that list.
Stiles and Crowley made their way backstage while Dean and Cas moved just far enough away that they were
“That’s new,” he commented, looking at the lit joint between Stiles’ fingers.
“For what, exactly?” Stiles leaning back. “I’m dying to hear you say it.”
, but Stiles wasn’t going to argue it. He happily told Jess it was taken care of before looking back up at his dad. “Look, I’m even using my fancy degree right now.”
The band was fucking
On some level, Stiles knew the party was going pretty damn well. He had thrown Scott onto his shoulders for a game of chicken against Boyd and Isaac, pretending to care when he joined his dad and Lydia’s when they debated on the best way to grill burgers, and laid out with one of Lydia’s floppy hats over his head when he joined her, Erica and Allison to sunbathe on some reclining chairs.
“Please, like you didn’t know,” Stiles rolled his eyes, “Mr. All Hearing, All Knowing didn’t catch the part where Lydia cockblocked me?” At Derek’s frown, he glared. “Last I checked, it was none of your business who I kissed anyway.” He looked up at the ceiling before muttering, “You made that clear years ago.”
“Yes, I do.” Derek refuted. Stiles could swear he could feel Derek’s breath ghosting over his own lips from how close they had gotten.
So, it was much better for them to advertise their front men and their sound, and not the actual members. Which meant anyone close to Stiles didn’t try to go to a show, unless Stiles told them about it first.
Stiles was just as surprised as everyone else that his jeep had lasted throughout college, even with him trekking cross country to meet up with Dean and Castiel, hoisting their equipment into the back. He once questioned why Dean thought traveling their band in a vintage chevy was a good idea, but quickly learned not to try and rib the guy when it came to his car. Especially when Dean did most of the work on the jeep to keep her running. When they were in between gigs he got side jobs doing mechanic work in any of the many towns they hit, and damn if Stiles wasn’t impressed by the way the guy moved around an engine.
for getting wrecked with us!” Dean yelled to the room from where he stood on a chair he had hoisted onto the small platform. He threw the microphone to the ground before grabbing Castiel’s head, smashing their mouths together in a kiss that looked like more teeth than anything else. Cas’s hand still strum between their bodies, the final chords ringing in the air, as the crowd yelled louder in answer.
John hit his breaks more quickly than usual when they pulled up to a stop sign, “Why the hell not?”
Dean, Castiel and Gabriel all came down to watch Sam, Jess and Stiles graduate. They left as quickly as they blew into town, sharing one more-tense-than-it-really-needed-to-be meal with Stiles’ dad, who had also traveled down for the occasion. Dean and Jess were planning on staying in the area while Sam continued working at the law firm he’d been with since his internship, before starting his grad program, but this time they were moving into their own place, so John had stayed around to help them pack up most of their things in the house. He asked Stiles where he was going next, but he still didn’t have an answer. He was still debating if he wanted to have purple or pink hair for the next show; he figured, worst case, he traveled in the jeep and toured with the guys until something better came up.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Humans only live for a few decades..." Pmox says. "Does it mean that Camael will die soon? Is he going to Heaven the same way Humans do?"
Siosp.
"Torturing?" she snaps back, louder. "
"The way I hear it, you two hit monster land, and hot wings here took off. I figure he owes you some backstory."
I silence my sister with a hand gesture, my eyes fixed on Dean who, Colt in hand, is running out of the house, desperately trying to save his family again.
Anael says, a hint of frustration in his voice.
"And is the witch dead?"
Abel puts his hand on his brother’s. Unlike Cain, his soul is calm.
for the righteous man." She spat that word with obvious distaste. "Believe me, it costs me a lot to tell you this. I'm the first to believe that a rehabilitation could only be good for you."
If any Angel of my rank dared to question the decisions of God and the Archangels like this, he would be immediately sent to rehabilitation or executed on the spot. I can't help but tighten my wings behind my back uneasily. I cannot give an Archangel a call to order, nor agree with his discourse.
Zachariah's voice sounds louder in the empty space of the Hall of Justice.
"It doesn't matter," interrupts Rachel. "We're not here for them."
The fresh layer of snow crunches under my feet as I walk up to the bench and take a look around - there is no living thing here, and the winter white coat hushes and muffles all sounds from the city. Ice particles glisten in the light of the late afternoon, and the bare tree branches stretch their shadows out across the bright gray sky.
I internally call out in the communication channel between us.
"Hello Samandriel," Hester says.
"I am not...
Our laughter fades away when Anael lands before us in a furious rustling of feathers, glaring at us with cold eyes. Everyone gets very quiet, except for the Humans screaming in pleasure or pain in the city.
The minds and hearts of Humans will always remain a mystery to me.
Demons killed her. I have reservations about forcing Dean to torture, but orders are orders, and he may succeed in putting an end to these deaths.
Amplified by the unique acoustics here, his voice carries strongly inside the Opera, and behind them the soul keeps dancing, too absorbed in her memory to even notice anything else. This is what happens to all souls in Heaven, with a few exceptions - like Ash - who wake up from their state of happiness to regain consciousness, until the assigned Angels force them back into their memory.
"Exactly."
At Zachariah's suggestion, I look down at the cake and the cup I'm still holding in my hands - I completely forgot about them. Ever since I invested this flesh and bone armor, I haven't once tried to ingest food. It seems somehow inappropriate. And so organic.
Anpiel's voice is suddenly drowned out by Zachariah's harsh, annoyed voice echoing in my skull.
A young girl who had tied up her father to a tree starts sobbing and begging for his forgiveness.
It's not safe.
I fold my wings back with barely audible rustling and take a step forward.
Feathers rustling in the arid air, and the warmth on my shoulder is gone.
So I'm not gonna give up on him if he's somewhere in Purgatory, perhaps in danger, battling against a legendary monster or whatever. He's in here because of me. He didn't want to fight anymore, but he did it anyway, for me. The least I can do is to get him out of here.
Squinting, I point to the outskirts of the city.
In contrast, the hearts of Humans are unreliable and unfaithful.
"I need peace and quiet to focus," I say. "Be quiet, Htmorda."
"Castiel, Camael. Both of you are excellent soldiers. I never doubted you, not even for a second."
If I heard it, it means Benny did too a while ago and never said a thing. It's obvious he's not keen on finding Cas, I knew that right from the start.
In his hand, Anna's Grace is twirling, leaving our questions unanswered.
The soldiers step aside to let Zachariah through. He walks to me, straightening his grey tie with an irritated look. He stares at me coldly, coming to a halt about ten feet away from me.
I should be used to it by now. After all, it's the second time in the last six months that I've witnessed such an event. And yet, the radiant Grace of the Archangel Gabriel becoming liquid and falling like a waterfall on a human vessel is still such a spectacular sight.
"Oh. Rest assured that we have nothing to do with this, Anna," Htmorda replies immediately. "The Humans were building a tower to reach God, and thought it was a divine punishment when it collapsed."
There's only about a hundred demons still alive, and I have yet to see any of them wielding an Angel's blade or any kind of mysterious weapon that the Heaven Library wouldn't know about. It seems like we have already won, terror is spreading through the enemy ranks, but I have to be ready for anything that might happen. There are other battles being fought out there right now, and no doubt Lilith and Alastair would rather strike my isolated or less powerful soldiers.
The four of them unfurl their wings and fly away, leaving the Garrison alone in the courtroom. Anael turns to Camael.
twenty-nine!" an Angel mimics aggressively. "Then everything's peachy!"
An everlasting truth.
room - without giving me prior notice and without respecting the timetable. We will have to do this here."
"Hey, go easy on him, Cassy, you're going to break him! Not so loud!"
I ask my soldiers through the celestial wavelengths.
Benny who was staring at the stream looks up and grins with his sharp pointy teeth coming out. Looks like he's having fun. Freaking vampire.
We arrived too late.
There is a clear tension in the air, while the harrowing screams keep rising to the sky – now dark blood is running down her face and arms. I tilt my head in confusion. Why is he so angry at me? I don’t think I did anything to deserve such hostility. All I have done for the last two days is bringing Humans back from the dead without ever speaking to him.
"He's got a point," Hester chimes in arrogantly, crossing his arms.
I'm not used to staying static in the air anymore. Or at least, I had never experienced it before in a human body. I never had the need for this, we fly so fast when we're using a vessel, hovering in the air is pointless when a single flap of wings is enough to take us wherever we want to go. Besides, the instinct ingrained in Jimmy Novak's soul is growing restless, seeking balance, ground contact and gravity pinning him to this planet.
"We raised you out of hell for
"425 Waterman."
"This is ridiculous and a waste of our time," Uriel groans at my side, slumping a bit more into his seat with obvious annoyance.
"Well well, O great General, one little trip back in time and you're kicking the bucket? We've only gone back two months."
he growls as a warning.
"Castiel. Can I help you with something?"
"With the Winchesters. They seem to be involved. Tricked by demons into finding Anna."
He stares at us for a moment.
"Oh come on, don't be silly! Of course we're not going to send you to rehabilitation or reassign you to another division! Quit the pity party, believe me, it's really annoying."
"Oh fuck this."
"… I met the demon lady he sealed the pact with and handed her Sam Winchester's soul. But before you get on your high horse, listen closely: I did report the matter to the hierarchy as usual, and I was told that I was not to tell anyone, especially not you or any of the soldiers in the Garrison."
Stiles grinned at his reflection in the small, dark bathroom, tucked away under the stairs that led to the cramped space they would be playing in. Since moving to school, he had stopped cutting his hair, and while it was in a weird porcupine phase currently, the gel Castiel had given him made it look intentional for once. The gel dried with a colorful tint, making the tips of his hair glisten green under the harsh light. Stiles turned his head, eyeing the color. He wondered what he’d look like if his hair was actually green.
“Yeah, dad, I am.” With a sigh, John said his goodbyes. He couldn’t argue with a happy kid.
“Oh, good, so you remember that you are supposed to be the adult, here, right? And that I was also an adult when shit hit the fan?” Stiles added. “Looking back, I probably would have kicked my ass out too, because desperation is not a good look, but shit, man.” Stiles sighed. “You didn’t have to lead me on for years and then completely ghost me.”
He ended the call with his dad as he stood up, surveying the backyard. He could make out Allison and Scott laying on some deflated pool rafts on the grass, Erica curled up into Boyd. Isaac was seated in a chair across from Stiles at the table. He grabbed a bottle of water from one of the coolers that were left out from the party, walking into the home where he saw Lydia disappear to hours earlier, poking his head around. He took a seat at the island, scrolling through his phone briefly.
He smirked, blowing smoke to the side, “Someone’s gotta remind the world not to fuck with Team Human.”
The free-bird, roaming, vagabond lifestyle Dean and Cas had started the band to help capture was quickly evolving into something much bigger than either had anticipated, and neither had plans of slowing down anytime soon.
Several moments, and two songs, passed before Stiles leaned over, “Where the hell is Boyd anyway?”
“I play the drums.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it, Stilinski.” Jess frowned, pausing to look at Sam carefully for one more second before leaving the bathroom.
Stiles watched Derek, thinking the guy almost looked like he was in pain at Stiles’ request, but he didn’t give a damn—he was an alpha werewolf, if emotions were this painful for him, he was going to need to get the hell over it.
“The value is already there,” Jess continued, “You just need to let people know
Not long after, an email from Derek pinged.
Stiles, on the other hand, was a grown adult and decided he did not have to deal with it like Derek was, and would easily stand up and go finish what they’d started either in the shower or in Derek’s bed while he waited for him to join. He knew he was toeing the line, teasing Derek in a way that always got him a dark look in response, but Derek hadn’t tried to talk about it.
“I figured you could take over most of the social media work, though, and the local contacts,” Jess said, looking up at Stiles. “We can map it out more later, if you want.”
Looking back, bringing a Latin bestiary to translate on his downtime during his first year of college was probably not the smartest move, but it helped him and Sam break the ice. Knowing each other knew more than a skeptic about the supernatural allowed them to actually get to know each other without trying to hide their pasts. Stiles didn’t realize how hard that was going to be until he tried to make friends with their other floormates that year. It sucked then, but now, here he was, living a life not being dictated by the things that went bump in the night; instead, he got to direct his course. Even if that course was without direction.
. Stiles’ would’ve bet good money on Beacon Hills having a shit punk scene.
“You play the drums man? Don’t even worry about having a kit, the gig is in the basement of a local bar and they have some soundstage shit already set up. They store the kit down there when their house band isn’t playing upstairs.” Dean was rambling, “Gabe is cool too. We’re known for being slice and dice and no finesse, it’ll be the best, man. What do ya think?”
At the mention of the Sheriff, the crowd grew louder, and while Stiles’ may have been imagining it from his position at the back of the stage, he could’ve sworn bodies started moving harder than before down front.
“What the hell, Erica?” Stiles hollered, stepping back onto the stage. He was hoping it was just Erica and Lydia at the bar, early for the show. He hadn’t questioned how they got in early, but now figured it was because of Derek that they were all able to get tickets on such short notice.
Stiles laughed, “Nope, this is all thanks to drumming and lugging that massive kit everywhere.” He paused, “And Sam and Dean getting me to join them in their morning routine.” He rolled his eyes, “Their dad was a Marine in a past life, and apparently that’s excuse enough to make your roommate get up at ass o’clock in the morning to run sprints with you.”
The giggle was louder this time.
Derek shook his head, “Stiles came back on his own.”
"I don't know whether to be grateful or outraged," Zedekiel muses. "At least I’m not so bored anymore."
There are only a few more seals left to break before Lucifer is set free. After Uriel's death and his army's betrayal, Castiel feels his doubts growing when he finds out about the hierarchy's schemes and lies. He also hears that there is a rumor about the Garrison Angels being infected with free will from being in contact with Humans. Zachariah summons Castiel and reveals Heaven's true plans: Castiel was a key player in bringing about the Apocalypse and now he has to let the three remaining seals be broken. The last one is Lilith's death by Sam's hand and Castiel chooses to rebel when he finds out. He steals a book from the library containing the seal Camael used on Cain, and plans to do the same to Sam and Dean…
Uriel crosses his arms and sneers.
The haunted look in Levanael’s eyes as he obeys.
"Tell me what happened," I order, stepping into their group.
I throw him a warning look. I've been General of the Garrison for more than twenty years - not counting the warped time we've spent in Hell - but no matter how many times I've called him to order, Balthazar keeps calling me
"I think they are more likely to survive than the others."
A crackling sound overhead catches my attention and snaps me out of my doubts and questions. One of the ceiling lamps is flickering and a celestial aura is filling the warehouse, awfully familiar.
, and he wipes off the nastiest bitches – yeah, even freaking dragons – with only a touch, without even blinking. Piece of cake.
The punch he throws at her is so powerful it echoes through the night, blasting her away - her arm slipped from my grasp. She stops the movement by snapping her wings open to face us again, in a fighting stance. She is bent over in pain and her Grace is gathered at the point of impact.
Then, the gap collapses on itself and shuts down, silence falls again and the grip on my Grace is gone.
I take a few steps forward to join my brother and face the Winchesters.
"Castiel, about time!" Zachariah calls out cheerfully. "So nice to have you back! How was your little joyride in Hell?"
"Oh. So you don’t know? Hm. Well. That’s awkward. Actually, Adam and Eve are not just God’s chosen ones, they have a special kind of power running through their veins that will be passed on from generation to generation. This is why they could see and hear us without screaming in agony. Their soul is special too, even more so after they ate the apple of Wisdom. I could explain it all to you with diagrams and equations, but to sum it up: Adam and Eve as well as their offspring can see Angels, and to this day they also are the only Humans able to host Angels or even Archangels inside their bodies. I guess now that Adam and Eve are dead, Cain is the only one left, obviously. Good thing he didn’t die after all, that’d have made the purpose of my mission obsolete. Anyway, all this to say Azazel could only choose between Adam, Eve and Cain. Any other Human would have exploded if he had tried to slip a single digit inside. Literally. Nothing filthy implied here."
I was unable to lead the Garrison, nor could I live up to the hierarchy's expectations. I failed in my role as General, and now I feel unworthy of my Guardian title. I’m unable to protect Dean.
have always been obedient!
"Alastair..." I whisper quietly. "The demon who tortured Dean in Hell..."
"It's a shame that Humans live for such a short period of time," Zedekiel muses. "If they lived for a thousand years or so, they'd probably be less ignorant. Camael, provided that he remains in good health, should die of old age after... a century, hopefully?"
"Maybe..." whispers Anna in a tight voice. "Or maybe not... But there's still
A soft sound flutters nearer as a dove flies in my direction. The bird looks exhausted and can barely flap its wings, so I lift a hand and let it perch on my finger. My Grace beads up to wrap it inside a globe of healing light.
"I'm stronger than that now," the demon-blooded boy snaps back. "Now I can
There is a warm breeze gently blowing through my coat and ruffling my hair. Hester walks over to my side and touches my shoulder with her fingertips to brush my tie back in place, as it had been thrown off in the heat of battle. Hesitantly, her hand lingers there for a second, then withdraws.
Living fragments of life so vividly is very unpleasant. It would almost make me lose all sense of time. In these memories, hours and entire days pass as if I were living each and every second, even though I am aware that in reality I’ve been exploring the mind of Adam and Eve’s son for only a couple of seconds at most. Again, no matter how hard I try, I feel myself dragged into more memories as I am wiping them out.
"Oh be quiet, Rachel," Htmorda snorts. "The last three times I was struck, it was because you were blocking me with your cumbersome wings!"
Henok, Cain's son, is born. Michael wants to take possession of Cain's body before Lucifer does. War has been declared, and the observation mission suspended until further notice.
I look up to see an Angel staring at me with warm, onyx eyes.
"She was laughing, Castiel. She was howling with laughter and completing a summoning ritual with her own blood, Adam’s blood and Abel’s bones…" Ecaop specifies.
Anna was right. We don’t feel
"You CANNOT interrupt a higher Council's confidential meeting!" she yelps. "It's against the rules!"
As Michael is talking and Gabriel staring in silence, Raphael reaches out to Lucifer hesitantly. There is in his eyes a silent supplication, a harrowing kind of vulnerability I had never seen before.
Samandriel folds his wings, revealing about a hundred unranked Cherubs shuffling forward until they're surrounding me, gazing up at me with wide delighted eyes.
As they approach, the trees grow shadows that twist like entrails in the torchlight. Jesus rises to his feet, lowering a serene gaze on Judas. On the ground, his disciples are waking up and scrambling to stand up as well, except for one who keeps snoring until he gets roughly shaken out of his slumber.
"We've searched through all of Hell," I say, squinting, "and this is the only place we could find that has been warded against Angels. The righteous man has got to be here. For what other reason would demons want to keep us out?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Just twenty minutes and then we're leaving. And you don't get to argue."
As I reach where Ephra's head must have been, I crouch down to brush against the reflecting surface with my fingers made of flesh. The glass is scalding hot and smooth. Unable to answer the questions assailing me.
The characteristic sound of hardened Grace forging a blade echoes through the damp room - Uriel's weapon just slipped into his left hand, gleaming ominously. My Grace freezes at the blatant confirmation of my suspicions as Uriel tightens his grip on the blade and raises it to his face.
"I’m not naive," I snap back defensively. "Just tell me why Camael has these powers even though he no longer has his Grace."
The glimpse of hope rising in me is terrifying. I’m not a Human. I’m not a creature of free will. How could I possibly make such a decision, one with so many consequences? How am I to know which path to take if no one is guiding me, telling me where to go, what to do, or what to think? How could I tell if my choice is the right one, if I am not losing sight of the truth like Lucifer, Azazel or Alastair did?
"So what, I should have let myself be killed for honor? I'll have you know that I'm glad I'm alive to feel shame! Better to be a coward than dead!"
He shakes his head, his Grace brewing with frustration.
"One hour means an insignificant amount of time in our lives."
I rise up and gaze one last time upon my brother's glassy outline.
"Now is not the time to debate over whether or not Humans are beautiful," Anael says exasperatedly. "For our current mission, only I need to use a vessel to talk to Cain’s descendant – Noah – and to hundreds of other chosen Humans all around the world. This is part of my task as a General. Balthazar, carry on. And the rest of you, stop interrupting him."
A night breeze is blowing through the trees of the Mount of Olives, making their leaves quiver in the moonlight. All is quiet except for the whispered prayer of Jesus and the breathing of his disciples sleeping on the grass. He is praying to God fervently, eager to obey Him and to do His will.
he was no longer a Human! All I did was fix your mistakes!" I snarl, our blades clashing against each other again.
I can’t tell anyone, ever.
A lake landscape materializes around me, stunningly realistic. But I have no time to waste on the forest's fresh smell, the water's lapping against the boardwalk, or on the leaves' rustling in fall's brightest colors.
"Once again, he refuses to let the people go."
. Hundreds of Humans, stark naked despite the cold weather, fornicating directly on the ground by groups of three, four, or… fifteen?
Without taking my eyes off Dean, I raise a commanding hand to silence Uriel and remind him of his rank.
The Apocalypse is coming, and there is nothing I can do but accept it and place my blind trust in Father. The Father I have never seen or understood. And in Dean, who will be the only one who can stop Lucifer, even though I still don't quite see how that is possible.
This chapter takes place in
"What makes the holy spirit so special," Balthazar continues dramatically, "is that it is far more complete than the human spirit. See, Humans are also made of two elements: a spirit and a soul. But their spirit only holds their memories and their survival instincts. A soulless Human would be nothing more than an intelligent animal, basically, focused on their own survival, reproduction, and the protection of their species if they are endangered. Devoid of emotion, sensitivity and creativity. While our holy spirit contains
"These people..."
"I knew I would find you here, Castiel." He tilts his head to the side, his smile fading. "I heard what happened at the meeting."
"It doesn’t have to be," says Uriel flatly.
I turn to look at the Earth. The clouds are gradually parting. There are green hills and forests as far as I can see, so beautiful and so quiet, thriving in sunshine. The day star’s blaze is not so different from the light radiating from my body.
Uriel was right. My favorite ones might be stronger and smarter, but their pacifism is their weak point. They don’t know how to fight and they don’t
"Look at you all!" Siosp yells at us. "Look at what you've become! You're destroying the Creation, you're destroying
Zachariah lets out a high-pitched chuckle.
I press my lips together and stay stiff and stoic in his arms. His massive naked body squeezes against me in a mass of hard muscles. He keeps stroking my hair and rocking me from left to right, his beard tickling the skin of my neck.
I stare them down as hard as I can.
Now there is my chance to fix my first failure. To restore the Garrison's reputation. To prove my worth as a General.
"Enough of this!" snaps Uriel.
"So you're going to send us to rehabilitation instead..." Zedekiel whispers fearfully.
I mark the last page of my report on the state of the seals with my Grace, snap it shut and reach out to grab another file from the pile that keeps growing taller on my desk. I have no idea how Anna managed to balance all the paperwork and dealing with subordinates, missions and fieldwork. I keep falling behind in my duties. But perhaps this is all because of the upcoming Apocalypse.
"Let’s call Anael. He will know what to do."
That can never happen.
Anael silently glowers at him, watching him fly away with his soldiers until they disappear into the skyline.
Dean doesn't need to know how close he came to damnation. What I have to tell him will be hard enough for him to bear. And clearly it's hard for me too, considering how reluctant I am to get to the point.
"Lucifer?" he whispers weakly. "The apocalypse? … What does that mean?"
"God isn't real! I have never seen Him, and if He does exist, then He should manifest Himself at once to prove me wrong!"
I blink in astonishment when my brother bursts out laughing - I never thought I'd see the day when Uriel would laugh at a Human's joke instead of at their expense. I myself have never been able to make Uriel laugh this way, and it's not for lack of trying, although I've given up at least five thousand years ago. Obviously, my jokes are not as good as Dean's.
Once again, I am powerless when another of my brothers wanders off the right path. I couldn’t find the right words to bring Camael to reason, and I’m none the wiser today. Surely Michael will handle the situation better than I ever could.
Without the slightest explanation to rationalize this strange decision, the stream of Revelations drains away and I recover the sensations of my vessel. My Grace fluidifies, flowing freely again. Confused, I open my eyes again, and find Balthazar casually sitting on the edge of my desk, poking the croaking and jumping toad.
My gaze shifts from the faraway skyline to my glittering reflection as I let lukewarm air currents carry me forward.
My voice sounds stiff even to myself.
She narrows her green eyes at us, her wings tightening in her back.
"Alastair won't be so easy to capture," he says cautiously. "He's no ordinary demon."
"I'm in a bit of a hurry in here! I need to find Sam and-"
"So you need
"My my, Cassy, so much drama!"
I have Faith. The Lord works in mysterious ways and I trust Him. His plan is just, even if I'm not up to understanding it.
There is no choice. No freedom. Everything is just an illusion, a veil that parts to reveal the ugly truth the higher you are in the celestial hierarchy. I don't even dare to imagine what the Archangels and Father know that I don’t.
Something breaks inside me. If demons are not the ones killing my brothers and sisters...
Anna's wings are twitching behind her back with barely repressed frustration. I haven' t seen her like this since the day Adam and Eve were born.
"Damn, it's good to see you."
Cain finally rises to his feet to walk into the house and meet his son, Camael following him with his eyes. There is something in them I can’t decipher.
I guess it's just part of his nature.
It takes me an intense effort to focus and manage to regulate the erratic flow of Cain’s memory. Abel’s smiling face fades away into the stream. For a short moment I regain enough control to feel again my body kneeling in the landscape of ashes, pining the Phœnix’s body down on the ground with my fingertip. I have never been thrown into memories so vividly ever before. Instead of short and blurry visions with muffled sounds, I am living these slices of life almost as if they were my own.
I stop abruptly and ignore a Reaper's protest as he collides into my back. A distant memory just came back to me. A memory that isn't even mine, but one I ripped from Adam and Eve's son before he vanished forever. A memory carrying my dead rebel brother's almost faded voice. Camael's voice.
He’s right. I don't have time to waste chatting with my future
"To everything there is a season."
Pmox glances at Miz, eyes wide and begging.
In the center of the city there is a gathering of hundreds of overexcited Humans carrying bricks. I look up at Miz in confusion. What's so funny?
I turn my head to her and meet her unfathomable gaze.
More fish have crawled out of the ocean, about a hundred of them, according to the daily reports of my brothers echoing through my skull. We all rigorously share our observations and comments.
"Yeah, well, he's like a black belt in torture. I mean, you guys are out of your league."
My vision is starting to clear, and even if I still feel disorientated and dizzy, I am quite certain this condition is not permanent. I look down at my hands. Usually so fluid and bright, my Grace is like congealed inside my bones. It barely moves and looks gelatinous, almost solid.
I sharply open my eyes, my vision filling up with vegetation and sunshine. I can hear birds chirping and sun rays bathing my skin with warmth. Except for the birds, there is nothing but silence, the familiar humming of my siblings' voices missing. Disoriented, I let my lungs fill up with air as I gaze up at the clear blue sky. Stiff and congealed in my veins, my Grace is weighing me down and hindering my senses.
I would go so far as to say that he, as the original goat joke maker, is the funniest man in all Heaven, but that would be a bold assumption to make. I don't know intimately my hundreds of thousands of siblings, and there are entire regiments I've only bumped into when God ordered us to bow down to Adam and Eve and when Heaven was created.
I feel empty, and the hole in my heart keeps growing larger.
"I don't understand why I couldn't heal that burn."
My vampire buddy doesn't seem very enthusiastic and he reluctantly greets Cas. I have to restrain myself to say « I told you so » triumphantly. Cas never left Purgatory. He never left me. I knew it. And he's gotta have a very good explanation for his presence here.
The wind is blowing hard, flapping my coat behind me, gusting under my shirt. My tie flutters and sways briefly and then is tossed over my shoulder. There are dark clouds surrounding us and engulfing me momentarily, hiding the sight of the city from my eyes.
I set my eyes on him, clenching my fists resolutely.
I immediately spread my wings and the bright corridor disappears to be replaced by a cold morning in an empty street. The snow pushed against the walls is muddied up and dirty, unlike the snow layering the parked cars and the roofs of the houses. Dawn's cold rays are bathing the quiet little town. It's way too quiet.
At least, Abel is happy and unaware of any of this.
Free will is nothing but a cruel illusion. Only Fate and God's will matter. It pains me to watch Humans stubbornly believe that they are in control of their destiny, when everything has been written hundreds of thousands of years ago.
"Soon. Within a few weeks or months, if my calculations are correct," Balthazar chimes in.
Dean is staring at me, frowning.
The voice in our heads makes us all jump and unfurl our wings. It was Raphael's voice. This is a direct order, we have to obey. Orders are orders.
(See the end of the chapter for
To have the head of all divisions in charge of Father's living creations come down to supervise fieldwork means that this action is essential and that the hierarchy wants to ensure complete success.
"I appreciate your enthusiasm there, but that's not how it works! And believe me, I know what I'm talking about. Best strategy is to do some talking, a few small miracles to blow their minds, nudge them until they're begging to help us. We're going to take a little leap in time, and come back in three days, when he's ready."
"Mission of seals protection for the Garrison."
Michael has regained his composure and glares at the Mother of All with cold eyes.
"Barrabas!"
All we're doing here is postponing the inevitable. Lucifer opened the gates of Hell wide, so sending demons back to Hell with no way of killing them is as futile as trying to stop the tide from rising with just a bucket.
I stand stiff and silent, waiting for him to get to the point. It is obvious he brought me all the way here to give me an order. So I’m waiting for my order.
"Thank you, Izraz. You may leave."
A blast of light.
in this body, you know? It's confusing. See? One more reason why choosing a male vessel is more convenient. The pronouns are closer to our Enochian genderless equivalent."
If I fail to explain in my report exactly how Ephra died, I will lose all the credibility and respect that Dean Winchester's half rescue earned to my Garrison and my reputation. Since I was promoted, the Garrison went through nothing but setbacks. First Anna slipped through our fingers, then the first seal broke because we were too late in Hell, dozens of seals are already broken... and now an Angel's unexplained death. How is this even possible?
, under any circumstances, discuss it with the other divisions. Humans are already the favorite topic of every single joke in Heaven since the goat incident, this is the last thing we need right now."
"I just did. I also told the entire Garrison."
My sister blinks and looks at me, her face softening.
I take a few steps forward and run my fingers over the book spines lined up as far as I can see. The leather and velvet bindings engraved with gold Enochian markings are soft and firm, they inspire worship. There are so many secrets inside. Secrets that taught Azazel the banishing seal and how to bring back the Mother and free Lucifer.
Upon our arrival, the Humans that were still alive immediately started screaming and covering their eyes. There was no point in making ourselves invisible, it would have been a waste of time and energy. They are doomed anyway.
is why she betrayed the Garrison!
Given the ugly reality that this mission has exposed for me, I can't help thinking that the hierarchy knows more about it than they pretend.
since my promotion, and certainly not with such confidence. This simple word's gentle undertones stir up memories in me that I promptly stifle back.
I am losing my mind. My Grace is whirling and unfurls my wings against my will - I have no choice but to grab onto the table's cold edge to anchor myself to reality. For a fleeting moment, I can feel myself sinking back into the past, struggling against the raging winds of the Flood, eyes riveted to the small boat, innocent lives at my fingertips.
Anna doesn't know how hard I've tried to get the hierarchy to grant her forgiveness and spare her life. But still, she should know me well enough to understand that I would never kill one of my brothers so indifferently. The only reason Uriel and I tried to kill her was because we were following orders - bad orders - and certainly not because we decided to.
The demons attacked a seal as a diversion, but Castiel found out that they are trying to capture Anna. He gets Zachariah's permission to take action. The Winchesters are protecting the fallen Angel and resist against Uriel and Castiel. Anna uses the banishment sigil, once again eluding them.
"Not here," Michael cuts them short. "Not now. We will talk about it later just the three of us, and you better have a very good explanation for this, Gabriel. Now go find Camael and bring him to me. Raphael, you’re in charge. Dismissed."
I narrow my eyes. We are on a mission. The demon is merely attempting to distract us from our task.
"At least you're a good listener. That's something I value. Let's stop here. Here, it will be just fine. No one ever wanders into the section dedicated to the thrilling history of plankton through the ages in nine hundred volumes."
"Yeah, I'm starting to get that."
"I pray to God every day that he may find in his mortal life the forgiveness and peace that he could not get in our midst."
"This is not why I'm upset. One of my soldiers is in trouble."
This chapter takes place in
–, slowly raises his left hand between us, and with a fluid motion, my belt's unbuckling on its own, my jeans are unbuttoned and my fly's down.
The rising water levels reached the top of the highest mountains where a few hundreds of animals and perceptive Humans had escaped to safety. We stood idly by, listening to their cries of distress and watching them tear themselves apart to climb on floating tree trunks. And finally, as the last of them stayed afloat, looking up to the sky with pleading eyes and whispered prayers, we pushed them one by one into the deep water until they drowned.
"Thanks, Cas."
I turn to face my brother again, intent on not letting him shy away from my gaze.
"We are going to attack. Get ready."
"Why are you even surprised, Zed?" Levanael says. "We've received absurd orders before."
I look again at the long line of Humans walking slowly but stubbornly. Samandriel crouches down to have a closer look, reaching out to them, lingering on a pregnant woman to touch her rounded belly, his bluish Grace seeping inside.
"Yes."
Sitting in my red seat, I look away from the soul to the entire Garrison around me, filling all the golden balconies. Some of them are whispering to one another, others remain silent, but nobody but me has even glanced at the ballerina - born on a Thursday - who was brutally raped and had her throat slit open by some evil stalker the very day before she was to perform at the Opéra Garnier in Paris. She dreamed of this moment for her entire life and it was supposed to be her crowning glory. Her Paradise keeps playing over and over again these few hours when, filled with happiness, she danced to prepare this performance that she would never get to make, not knowing that she was living the last moments of her short life.
for the righteous man!"
"Why would I? Confidential bits are meant to be confidential, you know."
All eyes turn towards Lucifer who is still standing, his Grace writhing in rage. He is towering over the Humans and glaring down at them with ice in his three eyes.
Confused, I watch my brother's lean figure moving away. There's something amiss. Zedekiel was obviously hinting at something, but I have no idea what.
Confined inside his tiny human body, Michael tears his eyes off Camael and focuses his gaze on the rest of us, while flames slither up his arms and face.
(See the end of the chapter for
Once Camael has fulfilled his mission, peace and harmony will rule over all of Creation. There will be no more suffering. No more doubt. No more unforeseen events. Everything will be perfect - as it once was, long before the Garrison was created, according to what Hester and Baradiel told me.
Mission accomplished. At last, every single soul written on the list has been resurrected. My brothers’ voices are whispering their reports into my head. Anael is congratulating us, and then he promptly orders us to now save as many non priority Humans as we can.
The fallen Archangel is fighting against Gabriel and Raphael. I can’t see Michael – his vessel is so tiny I lost sight of it.
I don't think he understands what I'm trying to imply yet, but asking directly is hard. I've held his soul in my hand and felt how much this decade as a torturer undermined and corrupted him.
doubt.
Dean sits up and moodily shoves off his jacket he was using as a blanket.
"Demons?" asks Dean more calmly. "How they doing it?"
"Oh but they will listen. I will
"Him, I don’t know," says Dean as he glances at Uriel, who hasn’t stirred a limb yet.
I look up from the notebook. Dean is still kneeling on the ground and staring defiantly at me.
Does she think it's easy for me to kill her? This is undoubtedly the hardest thing I've ever been ordered to do in my entire life. So, so much harder than killing hundreds of innocent Humans.
and be at least as dirty as me if not even dirtier, it's him, alive and well. Relief overwhelms me and I can't help laughing while I walk straight to him to pull him into a tight hug. I don't give a fuck about everything I said about personal space, I'm too happy and relieved. 'Cause even if I claimed every day to Benny that Cas was alive and tried to convince myself of it, the truth is I feared he was dead too, just like anyone close to me and stupid enough to want to help me. The hug's brief, but long enough to fill my nostrils with the strong and musky smell of sweat and dirt.
"I don't know what happened. That trap..."
"You're possessing some poor bastard?"
"It worked," I tell Balthazar. "I have to talk to him again to persuade him to say yes."
"No. You're not. Not really. You don't know the feeling."
Where did they find such a quantity of blood to draw the sigils?
That was Htmorda's voice breaking the silence with human rough intonations. Right. I had assigned him Dean Winchester's protection. I look up at his winged figure lurking in a dark corner. He walks towards me heavily, his vessel's large body stepping out of the shadows. The moonlight where silver dust slowly rains down unveils a bearded man whose skin is tattooed. I had not yet seen his vessel. When our eyes meet, he stiffens and frowns at me.
A murmur runs through my siblings, and my Grace lights up with joy.
"Your creatures have been turning Humans at an alarming rate. We cannot let them live, otherwise Humanity will go extinct."
Now I need the Archangels to believe in my innocence too.
"It’s what they are, savages, just plumbing on two legs."
"Cain's soul didn't rise to Heaven...?"
"We'll figure it out."
"Then the orders are wrong. Just listen and reconsider before you say no. We're about to open a new era. Things are changing. There is a riot raging in Heaven as we speak: There are already almost a hundred thousand of us fighting up above, and this is only the beginning."
I don't enjoy hiding this way, manipulating their minds to trick them into doing what I need them to do, but I think I know the Winchesters well enough to know that they're not like Angels, they just don't obey orders. Should I try to engage them willingly in my strategy, they will ask questions, complain, object to being used as bait, and waste precious time I don't have. Dean, especially, will oppose me because it seems to be part of his personality. Which is weird, considering that I saw in his memories that he has always been perfectly obedient to John Winchester and Bobby Singer.
I frown and stare at Sam and his distorted, shifting face. He defied us, but did save Dean and Jimmy. I don't know what the chain of command will think of this.
"Castiel? That’s an unusual place for a meeting."
Miz and Pmox join us together, closely followed by Zedekiel, always the latecomer. He smooths down his ruffled feathers and lines up as well.
There is a hint of frustration in my voice, which shuts Pmox up. Humans are under our charge, Camael is our former brother in arms, yet none of us is allowed to get close, and we are not given any information.
"You're right," he says, voice barely above a whisper. "I overstepped. The Lord works in mysterious ways, I know that."
The air is heavy. Suffocating. I wipe my brow with my sleeve but the sweat keeps dripping, sliding on my cheek and my neck. I think every fiber of my shirt is soaked except for the front. Under my jacket, it sticks to my soggy and filthy skin. But I'm used to it. My problem right now, it's my feet. They hurt like a son of a bitch and my legs are stiffer with every hour. Even my hand gripping my weapon is becoming painful.
"The mission is a failure," I say as I rise to my feet.
, as I slip my tongue on his tender but chapped lower lip, let go of his neck so I grab his chin and try to deepen the kiss.
I draw my wings back, and my feathers brush against the righteous man's body. I won't let this unfounded accusation bother me - my trap was
"The meeting room 1050 has been booked for the entire year by Brap's division," I explain, staring at my three soldiers.
I slowly stretch my wings and fold them back, waiting for orders.
He releases me and points at a tiny dot on the sand. Looking closer, I see a gray viscous fish crawling out of the water using its fins that seem to have mutated into some sort of ugly twisted legs.
"I remember you," I say. "You were flying in the sky with your division."
I nod and spread my wings with a hushed rustle. In an energetic flap, I leave Heaven to fly down to Earth.
Better get straight to the point.
My clothes that were billowing in the wind silently fall back down. The only sound in the place is my ragged breathing as I jump down to the ground, my energy drained. I loosen my tie so it stops squeezing my neck and I rest the book on a wooden pallet.
Left on my own, I stand very still with my fists clenched and my Grace whirling inside of me.
I look at Uriel in confusion.
"Don't be too hard on yourself. You couldn't have stopped it."
The barn vanishes around us, instantly replaced by my office's brightness.
"You could've done better with your introduction, Cas. Humans need deeper lines to be impressed. But I leave it to you! You're the boss after all!"
"Brian and Susan were on their honeymoon after years of denying their forbidden love. I had worked so hard to bring them together... years of hard work... They're the perfect couple, my favorite! Their love is so beautiful, so powerful, so... you should have seen their wedding! So beautiful! I cried!"
"Oh, don't mind me, I'll just take some aspirin and go back upstairs..." The Prophet's nervous voice barely covers the sound of his hurried footsteps, and he walks past us with hunched back, before rummaging over the table, glancing at us with fearfully. "This whole thing has given me a horrible headache and I'd like to rest now, if you'll be so kind as to go and stare at each other somewhere else. I'm going to ask you to get out of my house and leave me alone. P-please?"
In a flash, I re-live our fight in the sky above Cain's terrified eyes, stripped of his memories.
"Now, we wait. The missus is going to make him want to prove himself, and little Jimmy will soon be begging us to use him. Works every time. Nothing like denigration from family and friends to make them really eager to be our glorified tools. I myself have a Mormon I'm grooming right now, just for me. This guy's more stuck-up than an old nun even though he has a perfect physique, what a waste. Blond hair, beautiful blue eyes and a body to be damned. You should see it, it's hilarious: I blabbed out a strict and intolerant religious speech to seduce him. You have no idea how much I'm looking forward to enjoy myself once I get in him, keeping him fully conscious and..."
"I'm not a-"
My hands roll into fists.
go to the trouble... Is Anael to be referred as a she or as a he, now? She looks more like a
They all shut up instantly, sharing astonished looks, as though an Angel addressing them was unprecedented - in fact, perhaps it is.
"So now hairless monkeys start whistling for us like we're their dogs?" Uriel snarls. "Who do they think they are? You should teach them a lesson, Castiel."
"You’re close to blasphemy."
He's rinsing his blade in the stream, and the current washes away the blood. I do the same with my face in order to rinse off the blood splattered on my cheek and my ear.
But I don't understand. The new orders I've just been given are absurd. Absurd and cruel.
Let Dean know what's happening... Zachariah sounds like he thinks I've already failed. As if the war raging on Earth, in which my soldiers are fighting relentlessly, is doomed to be lost. As if we're nothing but pawns, and our efforts are a waste of time and energy.
The Angel steps forward stiffly and gives a short nod as greetings.
I fold my wings behind my back and walk around her, glaring down at her who, like Azazel who lured Adam and Eve away from the Garden of Eden and God's eternal love, tried to lead me astray. How did I listen to her words so blindly? I was close to joining her,
Down there, Cain is striding through the field with his younger brother at his heels. There is something unusual about his attitude. All it takes is a glance at his soul to figure out anger and blood lust are fueling him. He’s holding a sharpened stone in his hand.
I did notice a turning point in the Humans' beliefs and superstitions. They used to worship the sun, the moon, the rain and earth. But the Apocalypse carved the fear of a superior being into their collective unconscious, even if we erased it from their memories.
. We are failing, Uriel. We are losing the war. Perhaps the Garrison is being punished."
Cas gently nudges Dean. “What would you like?” He gestures to the counter where a barista looks impatient.
“Does too!” Sam argues.
Dean isn’t good at biting his tongue, and today is no exception. “Well, I didn’t really
Sam stays silent. He knows Dean hates this, hates that Sam has a tendency to turn it into a heart-to-heart.
“Oh hey Dean,” Ash says.
?” the commentator asked then.
Charlie pulls the two guys over to a mirror where an overweight man is
Castiel accepts the offer and they make way through the throng of people to the exit.
But Cas is enamored. Dean has seen it 500 times and figures maybe he can just wait for Cas to lose interest in the movie. They’re already in his bedroom.
“Oh,” Hanna said, “Did his mom find out about you two or something?” a glint in her eye was all that gave her humor away.
“Isn’t it premiering this Thursday? I think I’ve seen the posters at the community center,” Hanna said. “We should go.”
Dean swallows again. Then takes a deep breath. “Uhm.” He starts. “I’m not sure where exactly we’re stuck, but I think it’s under the boat.”
were homeschooled?”
Castiel waved after her and hurried on his way. He didn’t know much about his student. He knew that his name was Dean, he was a junior like Castiel, and he was failing German and math.
He’s close with his frat brothers, sure. And normally he’d tell them just about anything. But they’re fraternity guys. He’s never heard them say anything on the matter but this is not how Dean wants to find out their stance.
Dean isn’t one to keep secrets. He doesn’t want to and even if he did, he sucks at it. He always told Ellen when he skipped school as a kid, he always told Sam’s crushes about Sam’s crushes, and he wasn’t closeted for more than a day when he got a crush on Ash back in seventh grade.
Dean stops kissing his mouth, kisses his jaw and neck sloppily, out of breath, excited. “Do you top?” He asks throatily.
“Come on, let me help you with the makeup and then we’ll get you dressed,” he pulls on Dean’s hand, dragging him into the bathroom where the light is better.
“How cute,” Charlie coos while Benny rolls his eyes.
“Three refills. And a chocolate chip muffin,” he says.
Dean keeps grinning, not shy to admit his crush, “Not at first, maybe, but for a while now,” he shrugs, “You’re cute.”
student. He’s not even in the same faculty,” Castiel says, expressionless.
It was Dean’s turn to look confused then and he looked down at their joined hands, curling his pinky around Cas’, “Huh?”
“He didn’t
“Yeah?” Castiel said hopefully, eyes big with plea.
Dean groans, “When do you come home?”
“You two are twins?” Dean asks dumbfounded, and Castiel isn’t paying attention and just smiles awkwardly up at Dean.
“Did he have to have a permission slip before you could fuck him?” He cackles. Castiel seethes in anger.
. You
“Hanna?” Dean frowns right back, “Your girlfriend or whatever?”
Castiel glared at Dean, “It’s not like I have time to go on stupid dates. I’m in AP classes, I’m the president of two clubs. I volunteer.”
“You’re ugly,” Sam says as scoops protein powder into a plastic shaker.
Dean looked surprised but smiled. He looked briefly past Castiel to the house behind him. Castiel’s mom was still awake, he could tell by the lights on first floor all being on.
The comment earns him a chuckle and then they stare at the screen for a few minutes, neither one talking, until Castiel says, “That Wash looks very familiar. He reminds me of my mentor.”
Dean chuckles, “You’re getting the hang of it.”
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean and Cas order a milkshake with two straws and play footsie.
Dean shrugged and took a sip of the coffee, “I guess I’m gonna bug Sam.”
Castiel’s smile fades, “No uh, she’s not… She’s a part time student right now.”
Castiel turns to Dean. He hopes his gratefulness shows in his blink but honestly, it probably doesn’t but Cas doesn’t know how else to convey it. Dean did this for Cas without Cas even asking, and all Cas has done the past 17 days is be a bitch.
Castiel sounds calm but still bitter, and so offended that Dean feels sick with himself, “Don’t just tell me to relax, Dean.”
Sam runs a hand through his hair while he contemplates, “You want my advice?” Dean nods. “Just ask him, dude.”
“We’re stuck,” Dean reveals.
Dean glared at him for it. “Something funny, Sam?”
“Cas?” Dean says, clearly surprised. His face is red with anger, but he visibly deflates when he sees Cas. He seems nervous, looking behind him, “how long have you been standing out here?”
Dean swallowed, “Really?” He glanced down before looking back up at Castiel, “I thought I’d fucked it all up.”
Dean fake winces and sees Cas frown out of the corner of his eye.
Dean gets his hand free and rubs both hands down his face, “Fuck man. I gotta come clean to you about something.”
While Dean rinses out their bowls and glasses Castiel slips out of his Fjällräven shorts and unbuttons his shirt. He feels a little exposed in just his boxers, but he doesn’t think he’d be able to fall asleep in his sweaty clothes that smell like lemon grass. Dean drops a bowl while washing up and curses under his breath. Castiel just gets under the covers, pulling them up to his shoulders.
Balthazar asks Dean what his major is, how long he and Cas have been together and what it’s like being in a fraternity. In turn, Dean learns that Balthazar is an investor, is British along with Cas’ father, and never settled down because he’s still 21 in his own mind.
“Wasn’t you denying it either,” Gabriel taps the side of his nose, knowingly.
“Huh,” Sam nods as he listens, “Well, maybe he’s just an introvert.” Which is true. Then he looks up at Dean. “So what do you do instead of those things? You stay in and do what?”
“Next semester I’m asking for my classes to be in the morning,” Castiel says.
“Hopefully not too much. We don’t have too much time before we have to hand in the full proposal.”
Dean had gotten his first A that wasn’t for P.E. since… well, ever. It felt good to have the hard work pay off, especially since Crowley had looked pretty sour at having to hand back a paper with a big fat A on the top to Dean of all people.
“I wouldn’t know what to say. I’m not even sure he would pick up,” Castiel told her.
Dean tries to swallow a lump in his throat that’s been there since last night. “Please, Cas, we really need to talk.”
“Hm?” Cas’ eyes don’t leave the page but he does place a finger on the line he’d gotten to.
“’Morning,” Dean says casually and makes his way over to them.
“Was I not supposed to be ready when I got here?” he ignores the way Ruby checks out Cas. And he also ignores how everybody else backstage checks out Cas.
With his trench coat curled up under his arm and his backpack slinging from his elbow, he took the few steps to the main entrance two at a time. That just served to take him back to square one of being a sweaty mess, and he leaned his hands on his knees to catch his breath, whipping his head back to get his hair away from his sweaty forehead.
Dean leans back against the wall, rubs his lips with his fingers without looking at Cas.
Charlie waves him off, over this discussion that they have every single time Dean is just one second late.
“Does that mean you need a ride?” Dean asks and he knows he’s doing that stupid ‘I’m gonna get laid’ smile, which is so inappropriate but kind of a reflex by now.
Dean just smiles all faux innocence.
Cas doesn’t say anything so Dean gathers himself. Goddamn, he is a mess, “You wanna come?”
“Okay,” she said innocently.
Dean doesn’t respond but he pulls Cas along the path with him, shining his light across the tombstones and vegetation.
“Hey, is cute porn guy coming?” Charlie wants to know, probably apropos of Dean being stuck to his phone for the last three minutes and losing the race.
Dean takes over, “He’s uh… He’s mine.”
Dean spends the rest of the day until Sam gets home from school unpacking in his old room. It’s dusty as fuck so he spends an hour cleaning too.
Castiel looked down at his lap and shrugged, “I don’t know. I guess.”
Dean faked an apologetic look before running off after Viktor. He caught up to him outside the lavatories.
“She doesn’t get to bet on the next time Dean and myself start dating?” Cas smirks sarcastically.
“Did hell freeze over? What the fuck was he doing there?” Dean asks. He leans forward, resting his elbows on his knees.
he heard me pray, all this time! Fuck, I begged him, in my prayers, I told him how worried sick I was for him, and even more! And he calmly listened and sat there doing nothing but watch the water flow like a pacifist hippie douchebag?!
His golden eyes are glowing with rage and despair. No soldier of God should be able to feel this.
"I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition."
"This isn't true," I say. "All Humans, regardless of their skin and hair color, have a soul."
"Don’t underestimate Humans, little brother. Beneath their fragile and harmless constitution, they are selfish, cruel and manipulative. They will destroy you along with this world."
He snaps his fingers again and we are now standing in front of a single door with no sign on it.
A heavy silence greets these words and most of my brothers lower their eyes.
I look away from the lifeless corpse to scrutinize Sam, his aura thick with darkness, his face so distorted I can barely recognize him.
Hester walks forward stiffly, clutching the book to her chest and staring intently at me.
This chapter takes place in
All my soldiers fly out in a flurry of flapping wings, and soon the place is empty except for Balthazar and myself. The space immediately adjusts to our small size, since Balthazar also owns a vessel now.
I erase every fragment linked to my brother in arms but keep the image of the wild goat and lonely mountains. I reshape the memory so Cain will remember having an epiphany all by himself by thinking about God.
, I say directly into my brother’s mind.
I've never seen Zedekiel so upset before, and this is a weakness I intend to take advantage of. All I have to do is to stir up Zedekiel's anger to distract the other soldiers...
"Cain is dead," he says at last, answering my silent question.
The General's Grace is flowing haltingly, filled with bubbles that keep popping and rebuilding immediately. She narrows her eyes, staring at the scarlet trail of the Nile that snakes out into the distance. The warm climate makes the skyline and everything around us waver, while the foul air rises into the sky.
My Grace grows very still as I examine the Enochian sigils more closely. If what Baradiel says is correct, we have wasted thirty years fighting small fry and searching exactly where the demons wanted us to be.
I confirm with a nod, on my guard. Now I understand what the Archangels must have felt when Lucifer rebelled. Why is Camael opposing God’s will? He needs to be forced back on track. He has to.
"I know. I just saw her remains."
I merely tilt up my chin and press my lips together. I have the advantage of my rank and their state of shock, and there's no Angel here who bests me in strength or strategy. However, at one to a hundred, my only chance is the banishing seal concealed behind the pipes and plastic sheets. If I manage to distract them, to make them quarrel, I could reach the seal and banish them all from here.
"Dean."
I slide my hand down his chest and his dirty shirt until I touch the elastic of his hospital pants and I brush against the hard and heavy line straining the fabric. Surprised, Cas breaks the kiss and breathes in sharply. We look into each other eyes.
"You and Camael were close…"
Clenching his fists, he glares at me fiercely.
Does he even realize what he did? Trying to destroy the righteous man, Michael's vessel, Humanity's
A touch on my shoulder. I allow myself to move and look up at the very first being to cross my path.
I carefully open his office door and frown as I face Zachariah in human form, sitting at his spotless desk. Behind his true face - immaterial, like a haze of light - there is a balding, sneering Human.
With a smirk on his face, my brother steps heavily toward Dean, spreading his wings. He leans in to look him in the eye.
"The angels don't give a shit about Dean!" Sam hisses angrily. "Or they would already have healed him instead of leaving him to die!"
"Well, whatever. How do we get around this?"
Dean merely rolls his eyes.
The shouting is only growing louder, bordering on rioting, and Pontius Pilate finally yields. Barrabas, euphoric, is released into the crowd, while a bowl of water is brought to the governor so that he can wash his hands.
"What, now?" Pmox bounces off his chair, his wings shivering with alarm. "This is my very first mission where action is required. I mean,
I look down at the righteous man sitting there with a fishing rod. My appearance hasn't changed - Jimmy Novak's body - except that the book is no longer under my arm.
"Whatever. Consider yourself lucky you don't get it."
Ophaniel. The General of the Ground Animals Division, Hester and Virgil's supervisor. After thousands of years, what was supposed to be a short-term situation became permanent, but my two soldiers are still working for both our divisions.
I snap my head to my brother, meeting his eyes at last.
"Castiel."
Sam Winchester, the demon blooded Human, drives away in his vehicle. Finally.
My voice is raspy and full of emotion, I clear my throat and moisten my lips. Unlike Sam, I'm not good to express all this sentiment crap. I don't even know what I meant to say, but I end up silent, staring at Cas. I notice Benny's moved a few more meters away. He's turned his back and is whistling, weapon on his shoulder, on the watch. Deep inside, I'm grateful for my vamp' buddy to give us a semblance of privacy – even if I know that he can hear every breath we take.
"You think you can stop us?"
"Yes!
," she snaps back, narrowing her eyes. "That's the name I chose for myself. Don't you ever call me Anael again."
His words strike like an ice sword through my heart, and I look down at the ground where there are still blood stains at my brother's feet - Dean's blood.
"Alright, if I do this, then the family curse breaks, right? Mom and Dad live happily ever after, and – and, Sam and I grow up playing little league and chasing tail?"
I reach out with two fingers and press them against his forehead, knocking him into a deep slumber. Eyes locked on the door, I grab the handle, and...
Silence pulses through the link between our Graces connected by celestial channels of communication.
"I was not able, as you once did, to protect Uriel from his own demise, nor was I able to save my greatest soldiers. At least I would like to save the rest of the Garrison. I will tell Zachariah that Uriel was the only flawed element in my ranks."
"Zachariah was the first Angel to disobey an order and challenge it. It had never happened before.
My vision is getting blurry and sounds are growing duller. And soon, I can no longer hear a thing. My Grace is gushing out of my wounds and starting to boil into my body. I'm going to die having failed in my mission.
"No thank you. I just want the derogation."
A flash of pure white light tears up the distant horizon, again and again, in the deepest silence. Father is creating my brothers. I know it. I can feel it.
Uriel is still unarmed.
"I need more soldiers to stop the Apocalypse, Zachariah. I would need an army of at least a thousand soldiers to be efficient."
"Why does God talk to
Wait. If I report this prayer, I will never know what my brother was going to tell me. Anna stares at me unblinkingly, waiting for me to say something.
"Do you remember what I said to you when you took the position, Castiel? I see a lot of potential in you, lad. I believe you'll climb high up the chain of command, but only if you learn not to
I turn to look at the Angel who stood up for me. Her female vessel is small and slender, and her short hair is tangled in wild curls. For all her heart-shaped face, she's exuding dignity and raw power. Purple and veined with orange, her three eyes are staring at me dispassionately.
"You're too young to have lived through the first seven wars, but the rest of us fought for billions of years to take down our Father's failed creations and protect this planet. When the first fish bearing a glimpse of a soul began to crawl out of the water, we were concerned that God had made another mistake, and many Angels agreed to keep the Garrison apart from our Family, unsure of how these fish might affect you - but only when Zachariah was sent to rehabilitation did we start to worry."
"For a seal of this value, the demons present were surprisingly low in number and quite weak."
With a wing beat, I fly the distance from Wyoming to Maryland in a fraction of a second. I burst into physical reality in the middle of Baltimore's Church of the Holy Rosary, right in front of Baradiel, who merely raises an eyebrow when he sees me. There is a choked cry behind me, and I turn my head just enough to catch sight of Sister Abigail frantically signing herself and muttering a prayer.
"In a meeting!" With every step I take in her direction, she retreats as much. "So wait until he comes back, or even better: take your orders from your direct superior like you're supposed to!"
Balthazar's eyes sparkle mischievously.
For me, basically, this is just a repetition of what I have been through many times throughout my life. With the difference that I am now in Anna's position for the responsibilities, and in Camael's for the mission of Guardian. Facing this Apocalypse will be much worse for the Winchesters than it will be for me.
"Lilith says hi!" a demon hisses to my ear.
Could the one who killed my soldiers be a rebellious Angel acting in the shadows? Only an Angel could have slipped around my surveillance and unleashed Alastair to kill Dean. And not just any Angel. To conceal their aura from me would require an intimate knowledge of my flaws and my Grace's wavelength.
"Alastair died... do you even know
"It was a bit vague," says Rzionr Nrzfm in his childish and rather nasal voice, "but he did mention a female Human who has access to all of our plans and secrets."
"Yes, I did turn the screw a little," Uriel admits dismissively, sounding annoyed. "Alastair should have killed Dean and escaped, and you should have gone on happily scapegoating the demons."
Just a quick reminder that I started writing this fic in french back in 2012~2013, so the Cain I wrote is nothing like the Cain that appeared in the later seasons of Supernatural.
"Do you remember Thomas?"
"You want us to talk to them directly?" Ephra huffs, his Grace glowing bright. "Our voice won’t just
"I think the offering to be quite nice to look at, though. Those colors, the artistic arrangement..."
"Time is running out. The demons only have a few more seals to break to free Lucifer from his cage. Then it will be Hell on Earth and we will need you to stop the Apocalypse."
"Castiel? Are you even listening to me?" groans Hester, arching an eyebrow.
The Archangels are standing still like mountains now that Lucifer is gone. None of us would dare to disturb them. Lucifer's words are still vibrating in the air while my brothers remain silent. The Angels from the other divisions are leaving the area in groups, following their superiors' orders. Soon, the Garrison and Balthazar are the only ones left behind.
"So I was telling you I'm the only Angel to have been created during the Sixth Great War." She speaks in a hurried whisper, with wide, overexcited arm gestures. "I had nowhere to go, no station, no mission, no nothing. They gave me some fancy birdwatcher status and assigned me to the bird division - quite the honor, huh - but I never actually got to work with them, they wouldn't let me anywhere near them. I was ostracized by all of our brothers and the suspicion about my creation shut me out of our Family much more than the Garrison ever was. That's why I couldn't believe it when I first got my convocation for the Axis Mundi special training. And guess what? Michael himself came to talk to me. To little old me. Yes he did."
I close my eyes, my sister's words soothing me with sour comfort. If Anna is right, then Siosp was wrong: my Father does exist and He is not the cruel and terrifying God I thought He was, when I obeyed all those orders. All the innocent Humans I slaughtered with my own hands over the centuries, all the deceitful illusions I built, all the minds I manipulated, all the acts of cruelty I condoned in the name of Fate... none of this would be the Will of my Creator.
No need to elaborate. Uriel knows what I mean. If Dean Winchester proves himself today, he might be able to defeat Lucifer as well. It seems to me that this is the only logical explanation. Why else would the hierarchy want to have him face this situation, this choice? The righteous man's abilities as a soldier are being tested.
"What the prophet has written can't be unwritten. As he has seen it, so it shall come to pass."
"Some angel you are. You burned out that poor woman's eyes."
"Aaand... wifey's entrance in 3, 2, 1..."
"How so?"
And suddenly, he grows stiff and his eyelids drop, his head thrown back in a silent scream as warm seed spurt on my hand and my sleeve. He almost breaks my shoulder in his death grip.
I nod and, one knee down, I lean over to lower my face over the roof - the house itself is tiny, one of my eyes is almost twice its size.
I share a meaningful glance with Ephra, then turn to Anael. "Do we know what has become of Cain?"
"It’s the new procedure," Siosp explains. "We can no longer contact Archangels directly. A council has to consider our request and decide whether or not it falls within the ambit of God’s Plan, Destiny or free will, and then only an Archangel will be informed."
The Angel of Joy's head snaps up.
My blade pierces my forearm's skin and comes out of it, falling into my hand. Uriel watches me unblinkingly as I brutally stab it into the demon's wrist. His scream drowns out the distant memories of Camael grimacing with pain while nails were ripping out his flesh and skin.
All around me, there are feathers rustling, but I keep my head down to observe as Jesus walks through the city alleys. For years now, there has been a growing curiosity about Jesus among my brothers from other divisions, as no Angel in Heaven is unaware of Camael's unique predicament. It has become quite common for our observation mission to be hindered by curious Angels willing to see with their own eyes the rebellious Angel whose Grace has been ripped off and now lives among the Humans as one of them to carry out a mission of the utmost importance. All the while without even knowing he is an Angel.
help. The choice presented to me is but an illusion, a temptation that will destroy me if I give in to it.
Eleven of the injured Angels retreat, hissing in pain as they press their hands to the wounds radiating with their shining Grace. But no matter how hard I fight back, I am outnumbered and my energy is draining out at an alarming rate. I barely manage to hold on for a few minutes, during which all the machinery is wrecked and the building's structure torn apart. In the end, Balthazar manages to grab me and Htmorda wrests my blade away from me, then presses the sharp end of it to my neck to keep me under control. I stand still, gasping for breath and coughing blood, and I look up at Zachariah who slowly walks over to me, dusting off his sleeve.
"You've changed as well, Castiel," Uriel’s voice cuts me short. "We all have. Those times are over and won't ever come back."
"Secondly," Anna continues, ignoring our silence, "Camael's fate is still uncertain, but I know from a reliable source that the possibility of an execution has been definitively ruled out!"
"That's why we've come to his student," Uriel chimes in, clearly annoyed by my precautions. "You happen to be the most qualified interrogator we've got."
Before he can get an answer, the sun suddenly reappears and floods the Earth with its light again. Still perched on my shoulder, Anna squares her shoulders and raises her voice loud and clear.
"How come you keep running into the most entertaining things, Miz?"
"He's once again promising to release the people," Rachel says. "I'll notify Anna immediately."
Does he not feel any remorse?
The Mission is the only thing that matters. I am the General of the Garrison. I am the Winchester Guardian. I am the protector of Humanity.
"Castiel did not lie, it is indeed a seal that temporarily deprives any Angel around of his powers and sends him as far as possible on the planet. It is one of the sigils that have been forgiven because they are too dangerous and require human blood or a soul’s consumption."
"Balthazar. She's trying to get a look at my face. Is there anything we can do to counter an invocation?"
Alastair scoffs at me with a large, twisted grin, and a trickle of dark blood slides down his chin as he whispers an inch from my face.
I guess my confusion is obvious, as she glares at me stiffly when I loosen my grip on her collar.
There are still some swollen bruises, but I don't think I should heal him completely. Zachariah never ordered me to, so to be safe, I left some minor damage on his body - just enough so that the hierarchy won't blame me for taking the initiative. This really isn't the time to get a notice, considering how insecure my situation is.
"Oh, I
Uriel's face brightens with a smile, and just when his wings move to wrap me in a cocoon of translucent feathers, I gather my energy in my arm to hurl it straight into his chest in a brutal blow. Thrown backwards, he crashes through the red brick wall, dropping his blade to the ground from the massive impact.
He doesn’t even spare me a glance as he irritably makes clothes appear on his Human.
"Then why did you make me one, Balthazar?"
What are they talking about? Uriel steps out of the circle and turns his back on us, shaking with hysterical but silent laughter. I hurry to take his place.
, Cas... Any plan?"
"Hundreds of Humans are starving themselves to death in my sector!" Hcoma exclaims. "They’ve got plenty of food within reach but they won’t lift a finger to actually eat!"
"The Sisters of Fate told me Cain should have reproduced already. It is written. He is meant to have a son who will be named Henok."
Sam seems lost - I'm only just starting to make out his true facial expressions under the distortions caused by his demonic blood.
"You're welcome, Dean."
"After me!"
It can't be.
"Then the most fearsome wrath of Heaven would rain down on that demon."
"Where are your monkeys?"
I restrain myself from objecting that God Himself gave us the order to love Humans more than Himself. But when I realize that the Archangels seem to agree with Anael’s accusation, I keep quiet. They have seen God, they talked with Him, they know better than I do. Michael lifts two hands to cup Anael’s face up.
"Jesus doesn’t know that," I say in a neutral tone. "All he knows about Heaven is what the hierarchy has instructed us to pass on to him through dreams."
Gabriel makes an annoyed gesture as he steps through the tall grass, drawing a trail in the valley.
"Well sorry boys, looks like the plans have changed."
"What are you gonna do?"
The back of the skull hits the stone with a dull sound, while under my fingers light gushes out from the possessed Human's mouth and eyes. I rise up and turn around without another look at the body burned from the inside.
“How are you going to use that degree of yours once you graduate, kid? You should be doing an internship this summer, networking.” John questioned.
“Yes, you do, but it is nice to have a place to return to.” Castiel continued. He had reached around to grab the gel Stiles was using, running his fingers through Dean’s hair.
But then he’d hear some news about the pack through the grapevine, be reminded that Derek had iced him out since the summer, didn’t even bother to go to the going away party him and Lydia threw as the only pack members traveling for school.
Stiles was finally figuring that even if Derek was going to be an emotionally stunted idiot, he should still get to have fun with the others.
“Sending me weird ass books is not having a conversation.” Stiles countered easily.
After most of the parents and kids from school cleared out, Scott and Allison pulled out two bottles from her large tote bag. Stiles eyed his best friend warily. Last time he tried drinking with Scott, he ended up shitfaced with Scott sober as a cucumber.
“Probably, yeah.” Stiles confirmed. He pocketed his phone after the beep sounded, signaling the call was ended. He closed up the wooden box on his desk, tucking it back into the drawer he’d pulled it from.
Dean messaged back:
Guess the wolf’s out of the bag.
,” Erica’s voice yelled through the broken line, “I’m calling to tell you this as your friend, because I know you’re not actually this dumb, you have a goddamn
,” Derek bit out. Stiles bit his lip to keep from audibly laughing, hearing the sound of Derek parking and entering his home through the line.
“Right,” John nodded, “The other guy’s brother.”
“Is that really what you—”
“See if I ever fucking help that guy out again,” Stiles yelled as he sat heavily down on the couch beside Sam. He looked up from the book he was reading, looking at Stiles cautiously. Stiles rolled his eyes, “We translate two tomes from him, and what does he say in return? Do we get a thank you? I appreciate you taking the time to learn Latin on top of all your other school work? Hell no, Sam. We get
“You’ll what, chase us out of town? Hunt us?” Crowley laughed. “I’d like to see you weasels try.”
Stiles laughed, throwing his head back with grin. “Fuck, snapchat got nothing on being with you guys.”
“Go to sleep, your phone can wait until morning,” Castiel stood up with a stretch, arching his back as he reached up high, “Let us know what you think then.”
Sam tried not to laugh at Stiles’ reaction to the package, his own curiosity growing when they noticed a note was in the package this time.
“Nobody likes sleeping in jeans,” Sam offered as a reasoning at his confusion. “Your shirt had vomit on it, too.”
He caught sight of Crowley, dragging his hands through his own hair while walking away from a guy much more flustered looking than himself. He reached out, grabbing Crowley by the back of his neck before pulling him close. Stiles turned, head tilted towards Derek before he called back, “
Stiles thinks he knew that Isaac and Boyd moved into the old loft, that the idea of Derek keeping the property after rebuilding the house was something he had to have known at some point, but as Erica dragged him up the stairs, quickly detailing the story of how she had moved in with the boys two years ago, he could not remember this situation ever being said to him before now.
“The one in the chair,” Stiles pointed, handing the phone over to his dad.
“Hell yeah they did,” Dean grinned. “Jess is going to take over our management. First step is overhauling the social media.”
Before John could say much more, Isaac grabbed a bag from where it sat on the bar, interrupting them, “You want to talk specifics?”
Stiles laughed loudly in the bathroom, grinning:
Stiles laughed as he took another hit. A fucking
“I know, I know, saved by the bell,” Stiles mumbled, wincing as he pulled up his sleeve to look at his arm. He had finally gotten the two books translated with Sam, and in celebration added the badge of the books with the Latin banner to his arm. He had just sent the saved files to Lydia that morning with an attached photo of his arm from the shop, before they wrapped it up, the solid lines of the piece standing apart from his older ink.
Sam tossed her his dorm key, “Can you grab us some waters from the fridge? I’ll stay with him in here, make sure he doesn’t crack his head open or choke on his vomit.”
“Only if you tell me what your next plans are going to be.”
“I still want to do the socials and the marketing,” Stiles quickly added, “but I think taking time out like I did back in school might be good.”
, and hang out like we used to.”
“Derek switched his shifts again.” Erica commented, and Stiles wondered if he was supposed to know that Derek’s absence was by choice and not chance. “You’re not going to try and fuck this one, too, are you?”
“The crowd loves it! I can’t control Dean’s sex drive! Something about the limelight gets those two going, especially when Cas is shredding on his axe.” Stiles shrugged, “Ticket sales always boom after one of their stunts anyway.”
With a roll of his eyes, Stiles let himself get pulled from Derek. He winked at Erica as she eyed them as they passed. Crowley had a knack for finding the booze and drugs within minutes of entering a room, and got two guys standing near the makeshift bar to pour out whiskey for himself. Stiles declined, feeling his high settling in with a grin. The boys drank his share for him, anyway. Crowley had leaned over, grabbing hold of Stiles’ waist before whispering into his ear, “They may not have sharp teeth, but I heard the blonde’s a biter.” He pulled away with a smirk, tugging one of the guys away with him to venture further into the loft.
“We haven’t even started yet.”
Scott stared at Stiles wordlessly, causing him to shrug again. “You heard Dean tonight, life’s too short, get wrecked.” With another grin he walked away.
Lydia texted him outside of the app:
“Stiles!” She yelled over the music, “You’re such a
“Well,” Stiles looked down at himself, “I’m not covered in anything right now.”
“Now, I know you have finals right after Thanksgiving,” John started, and Stiles hummed his confirmation, “but I was thinking we could fly you back for Christmas, ring in the New Year, and catch a flight back right before classes start up again.”
“It’s not like I was off at war,” Stiles grumbled to his dad, crossing his arms. They were in their family home, with Derek standing behind one of the dining room chairs, watching as the two went back and forth.
“Interrupted by who, Crowley, or Lydia?” Stiles watched Castiel cautiously, staring at the sharp grin that graced his features.
Stiles skipped out on the first couple of gigs in June so he’d be around for his dad’s visit, meeting up with the guys in southern California before heading out west again. Crowley played with them in May and the first week of June, with the shows predominantly in Washington and Portland. Gabriel worked it out to spend the rest of the summer playing with them, so he and Stiles drove in the jeep while Dean and Cas took the chevy. Gabriel gave him an odd look the first time Stiles pulled out his texts and started translating when his round of driving was over, but Stiles wasn’t having it. “Dude, you and Cas can read and understand
,” Stiles breathed out.
Stiles grinned. Maybe the night was looking up.
“Get out, Stiles.” The tone in Derek’s voice, the look he was giving Stiles, had barely changed during Stiles speech. And fuck, it was a speech, wasn’t it? Who was he, some Elizabethan protagonist speaking to the sun and the stars about their twisted love fate?
Stiles stared down at his phone, brow furrowed. Thank you? He debated on calling Erica, but judging by the snap she sent back to him, she was closing the shop that night. She was still in her ninety-day probationary period since being promoted to manager and Stiles was not going to be the reason that got fucked up. Instead, Stiles opened his messages and sent a screen shot of the email to Sam:
“Like, really stupid.”
Stiles muttered, “Dishonor on your cow, dishonor on your family,” words coming out jumbled as he rested his head on the cold metal of the door.
“Oh, that’s all you had to say,” Stiles rolled his eyes, standing up to go throw the last of their trash away. “Just drop me off on your way, don’t let me make you guys late.”
“You coming home anytime soon?” Scott asked, his question cutting through Stiles’ thoughts. He had asked the question at least once every time they talked, almost more than his own dad asked about it. For the first time, though, Stiles was wondering if Scott was asking because they had something to hide, and not because they missed him.
Stiles laughed, “You seem to have the same issue with your pants.” Crowley offered his water up in mock toast, conceding to the point.
with his hands. He shoved the device onto his charger, and flopped back onto the bed.
“I think he’s gone out and travelled on hunts with him, not much older than dad.” She thought about it.
Dean nodded, “Which is exactly why you took some killer shots tonight.”
At least now he knew where Scott’s loyalties lied (and, okay, part of him knew they were with Derek, even though they’d always be close, he still knew how pack dynamics differed from regular relationships, but damn if it didn’t sting that Scott only asked because Derek told him to). Realization hit him just as quickly, because Derek could’ve just asked him on his own, but instead decided it was a task better left to his betas.
Their music was more loose this night compared to the last, letting the energy of the crowd guide them as they lengthened one song and shortened another. Crowley and Cas had their own fight of guitars, ripping chords out of their instruments while Crowley stood atop of his amp case. Cas stayed with his feet firmly planted, front of his foot easily switching between the effect pedals he had at his disposal.
Stiles looked up from his kit towards the bar, eyes squinting. “Oh you’ve got to be shitting me.”
– before sending it off to several of the pack members. Erica replied quickly, having added several fire emojis around her head, a big grin on her face. A second came through from Scott, his brow knitted in confusion but a thumbs up and
. Her working on managing other groups meant less time for the social work.
Crowley turned around to fiddle with the dial on the amp, catching Stiles’ eye again, “Relax. Derek told me no. I took out the barback.” Stiles let out a breath he hadn’t realized he had been holding.
“Oh hell no.” Stiles shook his head vehemently.
Stiles looked over at Boyd, who shrugged, his arms falling away from where they had been crossed, hands resting at his sides as he smiled in agreement.
“What? You can’t!”
Between the two of them, the joint was quickly burned down to the end. Stiles pocketed it with a sigh, pointedly not looking over at Castiel’s stare. “No more emergency stash, promise.” He held up his hands in mock salute.
(How Dean sucking dick on stage was a threat to the supernatural community, Stiles had no idea.)
“Uh huh.” Stiles remarked, looking out the window before back at Derek. “That it?”
Turns out, the club was ready to pre-pay 100% of their fee to extend the contract by an additional eight shows. Their first show was on a Tuesday, usually the club’s slowest night of the week, and the owner wanted them back for Wednesday and Thursday before coming back to play Sunday, Tuesday and Wednesday for the following two weeks. Jess negotiated a higher fee, noting that the owner saying their sales from the first show more than demonstrated their worth. She was getting in contact with some of the venues they routinely played up in Portland, planning to add weekend gigs to balance the days off. They’d be traveling back and forth, while still getting to spend a couple days in each town before going back.
“You got one summer left, and you’re planning on spending it on the road again?” John asked, looking at Stiles over the neck of his beer bottle.
“Lookin hot, man,” Dean’s voice rang out in the motel room, grinning from behind Castiel’s shoulder when Stiles emerged from the bathroom. He had grabbed some bleach and developer at the beauty store, lightening the ends of his hair before adding the magenta. The color was vibrant as all hell, a stark contrast against his brown roots and fair skin. Stiles grinned at the appraisal, turning to the mirror and picking up his phone. He fired a photo off to Erica and Lydia, adding Scott at the last second, line of text written on top of the image:
“Thanks, I think.” Sam rubbed the back of his neck before pulling out of the hug. He leaned back against his stool. “This is my roommate, Stiles.”
“What are you even trying to get out of this, now, anyway?” Stiles questioned. At the look Derek gave him, he rolled his eyes. “Please, it doesn’t take being a wolf to know you think I’m hot and have jealousy issues.” Before Derek could answer, Stiles continued, “I’m not settling down. I like being on the road, getting to be this nameless drummer who floats from city to city. It’s the best adrenaline high since running from wolves in the woods with you guys, and it’s a helluva lot safer, too.”
Stiles could almost hear Lydia’s voice in his head when he read her response:
did he get here?
Chris eyed him warily before turning his attention to Dean. “As I’m sure you’re aware, your stint in this town has caused a bit of a stir.”
Crowley had already started walking away, huffing about Stiles’ lack of social media presence and the opportunity being
stop staring and actually kiss you, finally, thank you very fucking much, except, apparently you read the signals all wrong.
moment.
“I did not think I’d be excited.” Stiles admitted, running a hand through his dried hair. They had enough time to get ready and head over to finish setting up at the club, having already dropped off their gear. He yanked open his duffel, pulling out the bag of stage supplies he kept separate for gigs. He started to drag gel through his hair, ends sticking up. “I thought you guys would’ve had to find a new drummer because I’d be passed out on the side of the road or some shit.”
Stiles grinned. “Family?” He asked.
“I’m covered in glitter.” Derek remarked. “What about you?”
Stiles looked up at the sound of a voice at the doorway to the tight room. He had just arrived less than an hour ago, having driven the jeep down by himself. His dad was not happy that he couldn’t be there like they had planned, but trouble never sleeps in the spooky town of Beacon Hills. Besides, Stiles had reasoned with him, he’d be back up after he got settled in his classes, visiting before the month was over.
“Well when you put it like that—” Stiles scoffed. He figured he had to keep his dad up-to-date with any supernatural news he heard, if only to let his dad know that no, he wasn’t out of the life completely, and yes, he was surviving just fine, thank you. He put out the end of the joint after taking one last hit. “I’m working, dad, I did amazing work over the summer and now I get to see it paying off.”
“Nope, no, no way,” Stiles shook his head, “You do not need a replacement drummer, and the last thing Beacon Hills needs to see is you, Dean and Meg having a threesome on the stage.”
Stiles was used to afterparties, getting to unwind and ride out the adrenaline high he always got, maybe find someone to sneak off into a bathroom with, but it was never broadcasted the way Dean and Cas moved their bodies. And never in a party where he intricately knew most of the other people attending. He leaned back against the brick wall near the door, pulling out a small cigarette wallet he kept extra joints in. This felt like one hell of an emergency if he’d ever seen one. Just as he took the first hit, he scanned the room to take a look at everyone there.
Derek was quiet, breathing evening out as they sat in relative silence. “I tried—”
about it.
He thumbed through to his saved stories and silently watched the looping clip that was timestamped with 2:29am, where he was apparently licking and lapping at both Erica and Lydia’s stomachs before retrieving the sliced fruit from their mouths.
“Thanks for not running,” she said softly.
It didn’t become a thing, but Stiles continued to take the offered hits from Cas and Dean after shows. The guys had rolled him a couple joints to keep on him after he returned to Palo Alto and they got back on the road, but the semester had been in full swing nearly a month and he hadn’t touched them. He wasn’t some afterschool special about gateway drugs, and he really liked using it to calm down when his brain wouldn’t stop. When Sam saw them sitting on his desk, he barely paid him any mind about it, mentioning if he ran out he was pretty sure Gabe had a hook up he could connect them with.
.” Erica’s eyes narrowed.
“Good thing Gabe’s joining us next week.” Stiles shrugged, “I already asked him to make a stop before I pick him up.”
“Thanks, dad.” Stiles grinned back.
Being on the road for a year without breaks wasn’t without its own problems, tension between the guys popping up as easily as it went away. By the time they had confirmed their fall shows, Gabriel had let them know he was going to be unavailable until the winter time. Stiles knew this was his usual routine, but it still put them in a jam while Stiles reached out to all of Dean and Cas’s previous contacts. They could do a show with just the three of them but if they could get more acts in on the set, it would be worth it.
, goddamnit, and then forwarded the final copies to Derek and Scott.
Apparently, the guys had started to notice, and Dean and Cas pulled him over to their side of the room, stopping him from curling up with one of the texts after they had gotten back to their current motel room. “Kid, sit down.”
“Damn,” Stiles whistled low, “Seventeen years of school not enough for you?”
“I know!” Stiles exclaimed. “Can you imagine doing that? Not having to answer to anyone but yourself?”
, but,” Stiles looked at Derek, “Crowley’s playing the gigs with us this month. Gabriel’s not able to come out until June.”
Sure, there was always a chance they’d see a show up in Portland, travel, and find out Stiles wasn’t the drummer for the night, but they could’ve still taken the risk. Stiles liked that about the way Jess ran their social media and did their marketing – their faces were rarely used, and if they were in a photo, it was usually heavily edited to make him indistinguishable from the other drummers they used. Dean and Castiel were the only ones recognizable across flyers and posters, but that was strategic—you remembered them after you saw a gig. You didn’t usually remember who was playing the bass line, or hitting cymbals in the back. On the rare chance the boys traveled to the Midwest, they’d grab a guy who played keyboard and did some stellar programming, and with just the three of them they’d have all of the sounds of a full band, with the rhythm and crash hits playing when the keyboardist pressed the right keys.
but trust and believe). Stiles was still reeling from the thrill of the limelight, having picked up two gigs with Dean and Cas during spring break when Sam pointed out a package that came for him while he was in class.
“I think being away has given me some perspective.” Stiles muttered. “If the Alpha doesn’t care I’m gone, is he even really my Alpha?”
Stiles rolled his eyes in response, because, honestly? He may have been an asshole before he met Derek, but now their assholery complimented each other and he was not going to change his stance on that because the guy actually wrote him two words on a half-shredded piece of paper.
“Sheriff!” Dean yelled out from the stage. He had left the amp he was using as a seat, leaning on the bent arm of the microphone stand, a hand tugging Castiel close. “Just the man I wanted to see!”
It became apparent pretty quickly that the party wasn’t just filled with people who had been at the show, with thumping electronic music pounding through the rigged speaker system. Stiles wondered if Beacon Hills always had such a lively nightlife, considering it was still only midweek, but figured it wasn’t worth pressing the issue if he got to bask in the fun of it.
Stiles knew they looked good, the new flyers that Jess was working on, as she had sent an early copy of one to Jungle to as they got ready for their last week in town. The club had plastered them on their socials and around the bar. Derek had sent a photo of the flyer hanging by the bathrooms the other night, and Stiles honestly thought they were some of Jess’s best work.
(Everyone swore they deleted the video evidence from the last New Years party, but Stiles had a feeling Erica was lying)
Stiles rolled his eyes, “It’s a town just like any of the others we’ve played in.”
“So you’re a hunter,” Sam concluded after Stiles recounted how they took care of the wolf who left him with the marks across his back, right after graduating high school.
to let you know that you and Derek need to sort your shit out.”
Chris ignored the comment, looking back over at Stiles, “If you do intend on returning in the future, as I know the Sheriff hopes that you will, be careful with what you do while you’re here now.” Stiles opened his mouth to shout back his own response but was cut off by Chris pulling the door open and leaving just as quickly as he had arrived.
If he didn’t know that was himself, he wouldn’t have recognized it.
“You’re the one who came here,” Stiles commented.
Erica glared back, eyes narrowed just as harshly, “You asshole, of course I missed you. Streaming movies together over a video call is not the same as getting to actually sit together and do all of this.” She looked around the room. “Can you get over yourself for all of five minutes to see that we all want you there tonight?”
“I think somethings going on with the pack.” He chewed on his bottom lip. “And no one told me.”
Before they had played their last show for the weekend, Castiel and Gabriel had taken Stiles into the city to finally pick up his own vape pen and cartridges. Cas had waved off his thanks, stating his own when he got to tuck his pen away back into his own pocket.
Stiles wondered sometimes if his dad’s issue with the band life was because he was a man of the law and didn’t want Stiles falling into some rock-and-roll cliché. It’s not like they were shooting up drugs and fucking through groupies after shows. He’s pretty sure Dean and Cas would probably still get into their sexualized performance without the benefit of weed loosening them up, because that’s just how they were, but he doubted his dad would get it. Hell, no one he knew smoked. His friends weren’t exactly
“Besides,” Stiles added, “Sam and Jess will be up here soon, anyway.”
“No, Erica, he told me to get out.” Stiles pulled one of his pillows out from under his head, shoving it over his mouth and screaming, the sounds muffled by the cushion.
But things like that, they weren’t
Except – he blinked down at his phone, not feeling the immediate itch under his skin to do
“That’s not the worst thing, you know.” Stiles replied, “Dean and Sam lived on the road, traveling with their dad from the backseat of that damn car of his. His dad has only recently broken down and gotten a home with a real foundation. Sam’s the outlier in that family.”
“Whatever,” Stiles mumbled, unzipping the cases his drum set was packaged away into, kicking out his stands to hold the snares. If this had happened in any other town, he’d probably be just as proud and excited, but he was still reminded that this was the town he grew up in, that he left and stayed out of only to come back and have one of their biggest stints of success be so closely tied to a place he was itching to get out of.
“Nope,” He said, leaning against the door frame to the kitchen and narrowing his eyes at the pack as they not-so-subtly stood close together. “Traitors, all of you.”
Stiles stayed where he sat, planted on the table, before deciding his next moves. He could ignore Cas and get fucked up, but he knew he had rocked the boat pretty soundly already and if what Jess said was true, he had no idea how much longer they were going to be in town for. He didn’t need to start an all-out war just to get Derek’s attention—he’d save that for the second show, at the very least. The party was alive with a pleasant buzz going through the crowd as he watched, some people getting noisier the more they drank, others vibing to the music while a couple guys tried to recreate the energy that they had felt at the club. Others were tucked away, making out and hooking up in the corners of the room, and Stiles knew Crowley was among them. He was about to give it up, see if he could get a cab to head back to the motel before Erica caught him trying to leave, when he found Derek walking down the stairs, eyes catching each other from across the room.
Another minute passed and Derek said, “Does it help?”
Those photos, even when grainy with poor lighting, always did well on flyers, thanks to the style they preferred, but it was still nice to think they’d actually get some quality pictures out of it. Isaac could probably try and sell them to Jungle to use in their marketing too, if he was lucky.
Stiles was equal parts awe inspired and jealous.
“I found someone to tend my bar, thank you,” Crowley smirked, running a hand through his own mess of hair before slinging his guitar over his shoulder. “It’s really a remarkable town you have here, Stiles.”
Stiles had climbed into his jeep, driven back home, and made it up the stairs and into his bed without a word. He felt like his body was buzzing under his skin, itching to do something, but frozen in shock, replaying the moment of Derek shutting the door in his face over, and over, and over.
“I’m actually from California.” Stiles shrugged, “Up north though.”
“Oh, come
“Well, I hope to share my thanks with you later,” Crowley grinned, nodding his head as he held up his shot. He looked expectantly at Stiles, snapping a looping video of the two of them for his Instagram as they downed the whiskey quickly.
“Definitely, c’mon, man,” Stiles nodded, leading Isaac to the front of the stage. “Most of our marketing is color-distorted and heavy vectors, which is why we like the crowd-perspective from phones.” Isaac nodded, pulling out his phone and taking a couple practice shots from different angles, assessing the quick compositions. Stiles pulled himself back onto the stage, lending out a hand to tug Isaac up. “We don’t feature anyone besides these two,” he nodded to where Cas was strumming on his guitar, pressing between different guitar pedals, with Dean nodding his head to the tune. “Traveling band, and all. But if this gig is sold out like Derek said, a couple crowd shots, from behind us could be good for us and the venue.”
Erica rolled her eyes, “No, you’re going to come back to the loft with me, let me recolor your hair because that pink is fading
parts.”
, but—”
“Yeah?” Stiles asked, “They get the presents I sent up over the winter?” Just because Stiles hadn’t been back to visit didn’t mean he had stopped caring. He still played PC games with Scott, sending snapchats back and forth with Erica and Lydia, especially when he was changing his hair or getting new work added to the growing sleeve on his arm. Lydia would be meticulous as she reviewed his (growing talent) in hair coloring, while Erica would make bets about what his next tattoo would be. In turn, he sometimes got snaps from them, from Lydia’s dorm and then apartment while she studied at MIT across the country, or of Erica’s favorite (and least favorite) customers at the bookshop/coffee house she had (finally) been promoted to manager of. Isaac had started working at the coffee shop too, and Stiles got to witness his growing talent in creating phallic latte designs.
“Sure, but I didn’t.” Stiles rolled his eyes. “Give it up, dad.”
Stiles paused, “Before the show, when you guys were out—”
“A sold out one.” A voice called out from behind the bar.
Good thing Stiles had focused his comm. degree in music management.
He knocked that omega’s head in with a wolfsbane dipped baseball bat before collapsing from shock, the pack finishing the job and getting him to the hospital before he bled out (which, according to Melissa, was apparently a risk).
when he was hanging out with his friends. Besides, Jess had messaged him saying they were less than an hour out.
Or, at least he wasn’t with Crowley.
in the pack was happy to have him back.
“Didn’t you hear me?” he grumbled. “Grumpy werewolves need their translations.” Before he could say more, Stiles pulled himself over the rim and threw up.
Dean sent over a couple thumbs-up emojis in response.
“Duh, I could’ve told you that.” Erica didn’t press further, grinning as they continued moving.
With these words, Harry spreads his wings - which are not as impressive as those of Angels or Archangels - and hurriedly flies away.
He is distracted, entirely focused on the Phœnix, with his back turned to me. Vulnerable. I could neutralize him without effort.
I look up to realize that she is glaring at me intensely. Me, not Uriel. She's holding me accountable as General. If her access to the communication channels has been cut off, she most likely doesn't know about my demise.
"That we drag Dean Winchester out of here and then we blow this insignificant pinprick off the map!"
"Castiel, I presume? I am Uriel. Like you, I am part of the Garrison. Michael explained everything to us."
"Hold your position, soldiers. Zedekiel, Htmorda, I’ll register you both to a special training to improve your dodging skills once the Flood is over."
The cold look in his eyes hardens, and he slowly rises to his feet.
"You'll be quite happy with my humanity once the three of us get out of this shit hole."
"Maybe he just got lucky? There's been some medical breakthroughs, you know. You really think it's something supernatural?"
Anna doesn't seem to have noticed my confusion and keeps talking.
"I haven't seen much of you since I gave you that flesh suit. Do you feel comfortable in it? I hope good old Jimmy isn't too tight for you."
I meet Balthazar's teasing gaze, and my vision gradually returns to normal, painting the world in deep blue shades under the moon.
I struggle against the force stiffening and igniting my Grace. Sounds grow muffled. Everything becomes blurred.
The wrinkled sand dunes seem blurred under the layer of rippling hot air. The sun is hitting the ground hard, reflected in the four-armed, Angel-shaped surface of solidified glass covering the sand. On each side, black ashes mingle with the clear sand, poor remnants of two majestic wings that the wind is already starting to scatter.
Brap gestures wildly at the trees that have been thrown on the ground by every powerful blast that inevitably comes with a resurrection.
I can't afford to panic. I have to stay calm and assess the situation as objectively as I can. If Uriel is still receiving Revelations, he might not be able to hear me.
"What do you care?" says Dean with his usual nerve.
"Oh."
I throw him a sharp glance. What does he mean? Is he blaspheming again?
Michael’s gaze hardens.
I can't bring myself to complete my words.
"Dean hasn't rest for three days. I repaired the physical damage, but he needs natural recovery. Sit down, Dean."
"What? Cas, what do you mean?"
"I vouch for Castiel completely. I know him to be incapable of lying and deceiving. I am willing to share his punishment if it turns out that I am wrong."
I signal for Miz to open the pathway. He holds out one hand and delivers a powerful wave of energy to shred the invisible veil that was hiding the gateway we have been searching for so long. We rush straight into the opening, weapon in hand and driven by a sense of duty and mission.
Is it advisable to touch a Human with demon blood? What would happen if I were to attempt to exorcise the demonic part in him? I suppose it would kill him. If a cure was possible for these children, we would probably have received an order to do so decades earlier.
Levanael has been slain although we had Alastair. So he was not the one who had the weapon when we captured him. And he's the only one who can tell us where to find it now - unless the weapon is actually a very powerful demon, like Sam suggested? No one knows exactly what Lucifer created in Hell, besides demons and Hell Hounds. Did he create some kind of monster that can kill us?
"I’m not. It's only my body, my brain, that I'm doubting. You've been talking to me for almost two months now, I've heard you dozens of times and you've shown me miracles, but... I'm the only one who's seen them. I don't know if I can trust my sight and hearing, given my condition..."
"Hello, Sam."
"I'm nothing like Anna. Things are going to change."
"Come here."
With a look filled with fear and wrath, he kneels down next to Bobby, shaking his shoulder and checking his pulse, holding his breath. I take a few steps towards the table and touch the items on it with my fingertips. There is a notebook detailing the gate of Hell, its locks, and markings to contain or repel demons. I flip through it briefly - despite being secluded in Heaven for the last centuries, the Garrison was aware that a Human had built protections around the Gate. I personally had written a report at Anna's request. The hierarchy wanted to know how this Samuel Colt came to hold such advanced knowledge about demons. My observations had led me to the conclusion that Samuel Colt was merely a hunter, and not the sharpest one. Unfortunately, I couldn't provide a valid explanation for his outstanding abilities.
Zachariah's broken office door slams shut behind me.
Has he completed his rehabilitation?
I'm not empowered to deal with this kind of situation. Let's call the General.
I'm in a loss for words. Was he trying to convert Ephra, Miz, Pmox, Levanael and the other three new recruits, or was he discovered and had to kill them so they wouldn't turn him in? Many Angels killed each other when Camael died, in panic, anger, and the heat of the moment, but... how could Uriel end the lives of our closest brothers and sisters?
?" Baradiel mouths, casting me a puzzled look.
The righteous man is praying, to me. Just the thought of it sends joy through my heart and brings a smile to my lips. My wings twitch as I look up as though it might help me hear better.
"I didn’t start any of this, Zachariah," I argue.
"Thank you."
"Oh," Uriel chuckles, "broken already? You squeezed too hard again, Cas..."
It’s now or never. Ignoring the seething pain working its way into my forearm, I grip my blade tight and dive to the ground, aiming at Camael’s back in order to slice his wings off. He will be easier to subdue and send to rehabilitation once he’s pinned to the ground.
"What about Sister Abigail?"
Looking so small between the two Humans, there stands what at first glance seems to be a young woman with ginger hair.
In a beating of wings, the entire Garrison surrounds me in a perfect circle. Anael is radiant when he puts a hand on my and Camael’s shoulder.
Balthazar steps from the table, leaving his glass and the half-full bottle behind.
I tighten my grip on the demon, compressing the black smoke into its hideous appearance, trapped between my translucent fingers. But the only answer I get is a scream of agony as the rotten soul bursts into flames and dissolves in my fist.
We are no longer worth anything ever since He created them! In fact, the Garrison was created only to serve them and help them proliferate and invade the planet!"
"What now, Balthazar? In a few hours, we'll be back in the present, and I need to get into my vessel to talk to Dean."
Screaming.
By my side, Anael tenses up.
"I have brought you here to tell you what I have just learned from Revelations. The seal of the summoning of Samhain has been broken."
"Be quiet, Rzionr Nrzfm!" Anna interrupts exasperatedly. "
A thundering flash of lightning tears the clouded sky. About a dozen demons abandon the Humans they were ripping apart to rise to us in their true form. Their features are hideous and they exhale a stench of sulfur all around. The others remain on the ground in their human vessels and carry on with the slaughtering. I swing my blade at two demons, but it doesn’t seem to be effective. It just slashes through them like they’re made of mist, just like it had happened with the Seven Deadly Sins. My brothers reach the same conclusion soon enough and we let our blades dissolve and reintegrate our Grace. I open my hands to pin a bunch of demons to the ground while Balthazar is backing me up, and recite the spell to send them back to Hell since we cannot kill them.
Flowing out of his eyes and mouth, I discern Alastair with a much reduced and inferior range of colors and sounds than through a Human. And in the distance, lifeless on the ground, lies Dean Winchester.
Camael slams his hand onto the seal just as Uriel is reaching out to grab him.
"Where is Zachariah?"
Torn by the widest range of emotions I have ever experienced, I walk to my brother's side to the barn. With a faint flick of his fingers, he raises a gust of wind that brutally opens the doors, exposing the inside where the Winchester brothers are standing and...
When Azazel died by Dean Winchester's hand, it caused quite a stir in Heaven and we started to pay close attention to him. We were all surprised to hear that a Human had brought down the Fallen Cherub – and Uriel was particularly unhappy with the news. As for me, I had wrongly assumed that the King of Hell's death would put an end to demonic activities on Earth. But obviously, someone else took Azazel's place on the throne and appears to be just as eager to bring the Apocalypse to Earth. Our current difficulties is proof of this. Someone wants to stop us from saving the righteous man.
I see in those confused but inflexible soldiers a sick mockery of my siblings and I. But I can't make such a farfetched analogy. For even if we do not understand the orders, they come from God, and therefore are right. And Father is nothing like Herod, King of Judea.
I remember the book with the title in golden sigils I noticed in the library only a few months ago. A book detailing the multi-level concealment seals on Humans.
At our feet, Aaron is once again threatening Pharaoh with the eloquence Moses lacks, and once again, it's ineffective. Then Moses holds out his staff over the river of blood, and millions of frogs emerge in flowing masses. It doesn't take long for these lands to be drowned in a deafening chorus of croaking.
"There is still time for you to get back on the right path, Lucifer. Heaven will welcome you again. If you genuinely repent of disobeying, Father will forgive you. Come back to us, brother."
"Precisely. He might share Lucifer's hatred for the remaining human species."
, they will die on the spot!"
"Enough of it," I reply, averting my gaze.
Human, have his Grace ripped away and his identity wiped out? Perhaps it's just a way to make his punishment an example...
Without a word, the righteous man turns on his heels and strides to the door and I watch him as he slams it shut violently - the noise makes Chuck wince as he takes a gulp of alcohol to swallow his medicine. I give him a respectful nod in farewell, to which he replies with a small, frightened wave of the hand.
"Hester secretly reached out to me. She begged me to watch over you for her, as she couldn't leave the ranks without being reported by the others."
I turn to face Uriel who's angrily kicking a rock from the path snaking away into the trees. Far in the distance, there's a city. We are surrounded by scents of grass and sunbathed earth.
Castiel nods, “Yes, that sounds like good idea.”
“So how was Florida? Knowing you, all work and no play,” Gabriel asks.
“Really?” Cas smiles in surprise, “That’s wonderful, Dean. What kind of position is it for?”
The cherub shrugged. He had come straight here, looking for the culprit.
Benny leans back and raises his hands, giving up, “Alright, that’s pretty sweet. ‘S it just the two of you?”
Dean sighed, “Do you have to bring it up right now?”
“That reading suggests that the coffin is the womb,” he tells Dean, completely unprovoked.
Cas moves his hands up further, slowly and surely and Dean breathes hard against Cas’ neck when he keeps
Castiel eventually relents. He pulls his fingers out of Dean, and Dean immediately protests. Cas slips the condom on and puts his hands on Dean.
Dean’s grin changes, and he bites his lip, trying to keep a neutral face.
Castiel looked up finally, “I’m helping you.”
Castiel looks at it too, like he’s first realizing where he is and that there are others around him, and tilts his head, “We can go somewhere else?”
Castiel is actually the one to blush then, “Sorry. I’m just… I’m glad I met you, Dean. I don’t make friends easily.”
“Night, Cas,” Dean whispers in the darkness.
“Your dick would be here with you,” Dean says, smirking.
Hanna looked intently at him, completely disregarding how he avoided making eye contact, “Cas.”
He had stayed at Castiel’s place late the night before, and by the time he had made his way home the lights had been out, the house silent and his mom had been fast asleep. Sam had probably still been up, reading with a flashlight under his blanket or something, the nerd.
“Do you have siblings?” Dean asks, continuing their conversation.
Sam finally looks up from his assignment to send Dean a bitch face, “Dean, you hate that class anyway. Why don’t you just take it online? Or better yet: get that credit from a different course?”
Dean cracks up anew, “Not the brightest kid in your class, were you?”
He uses 500 baby wipes to get Glitora’s face off and quickly changes into his jeans and ratty old T-shirt. Actually it’s Cas’, and it’s too tight on Dean. He’d planned on going straight home.
’s, he leaves Cas and Dean alone.
Dean smiled at him then, “I’d have to be for you to take precious study time out of your nerd schedule to come see my show, wouldn’t I?” he asked softly.
Ash runs his hands down Dean’s back, pushing him to the side so they end up lying down on the floor, and Ash keeps his leg between Dean’s, slides his thigh against Dean’s. Their eyes stay fixed on each other’s. Ash’s hands roam over Dean’s shoulder, makes its way down his chest, and Dean had been pretty blank until he feels a moment’s warmth at being wanted, and then he feels Ash’s hand cupping his jean-clad dick and then he only feels sick.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, “I’m so sorry.” He looks at Cas.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“That was one time last year, and I’ve apologized five thousand times,” he gives Charlie a glare.
Castiel squeezes Dean’s hand, “Well, this makes me happy,” he smiles, the sap.
Charlie giggles but reaches out to Dean, “I’m sure it’ll work out. He’s pretty into you.”
“Do you still have their arrows?” another asked.
“How are you feeling?” Cas asks. His voice is hoarse from the cigarettes he can’t help smoking when he drinks.
“On Tuesday if things go as planned,” Castiel honestly doesn’t notice the waitress. Dean is secretly smug and the waitress probably knows it too.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean exclaims, effectively bringing Cas out of his reverie of
Dean smiles obnoxiously at Sam, “See ya later.”
Pamela sets the beer on a coaster in front of Cas, and two shots for them.
Cas smiles one of those tiny smiles that had Dean fall for him in the first place. Then he asks: “Are you gonna tell me what plans you’re cancelling?”
“Okay?” Gabriel says, looking confused. He smiles playfully, ready with another joke. “Oh my god, is this the first time you’ve fucked a 21-year old? I know you rode the virgin train well into senior year of college.” He chuckles.
Castiel looks up like a deer caught in headlights. Is this a parking inspector? Castiel scans the man quickly, and after taking in his gelled up sandy-blonde hair, his scuffed leather jacket with a well-worn flannel peeking out under it and the holes on the knees of his jeans, Castiel decides that he is probably not. And if he is not, he must be-
Apparently Sam can tell his brother is freaking out because he says, “hey, I’m going to try, okay? I’m just saying… Don’t expect us to be… best friends or anything. Of course I want to get to know him, he’s your boyfriend, Dean.”
As she made her exit she called out, “Call him!”
Dean and Castiel are properly introduced.
, which is a term that Castiel had started using all casually, like that didn't give Dean a half-hour breakdown he needed Sam to deal with, but which also is a term Dean both hates and loves. There’s been a handful of dates, a lot of studying and even more making out.
Castiel made his way over and Dean sent Charlie a look that spoke volumes. Or, it mostly said
“I think if you’re going to freak out about me being your boyfriend, I might as well be,” Cas says, smiling innocently.
Charlie rolled her eyes, “As long as you don’t raw him from behind, you’re probably fine.”
Despite being busy with rehearsals and homework, Dean’s week seemed to be moving infinitely slowly as he counted down the seconds to 6pm Saturday.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This has been happening a lot. They exchanged numbers almost two weeks ago now, and Dean has never texted anyone this much before. Maybe with the exception of Sam. Maybe.
Sure, Dean figured the porny images he’d had when he saw how hot his tutor was might be stretch, but sitting alone in a library, reading? For an hour and a half? He could have just stayed home.
They do study for a while. Cas gets easily distracted and Dean makes good on his word by holding him accountable. They don’t stop until Cas throws his notebook across the room.
“Right,” the guy says quietly. He looks like he wants to say something but every time they’ve talked in the past Dean has embarrassed himself so he’d like to end this interaction before he can do it again. He turns around.
Having Castiel raise his voice just made Dean contrite. He leaned back in his seat, his arms folded across his chest. He tried not to feel like a petulant child, “Seriously? You’re seriously gonna be like that? Just because my mom’s not paying you to tutor her stupid son anymore, you’re just gonna move on to the next dumb kid?”
The librarian comes to the rescue and shushes them, and Dean makes it all the way through the page before the girls burst into another fit of giggles. Dean is going to explode.
Castiel has never really been interested in girls, but Meg has been different since the very first day of their ancient history class.
Dean winked at Lisa anyway, because having options was nice.
Since his mom needed the car to carpool Sam and some of his buddies back from soccer practice, Dean couldn’t give Castiel a ride that Monday. Instead he found him already at their regular table when he finally made his way to the cafe.
“Do you mind if I sit?” Castiel gestures to the chair across from Dean.
Cas takes a step back at that, suddenly cold despite the three digit degree weather. “I don’t want to
Dean is freaked out but not freaked out enough to avoid kissing Cas. Even though he can hear some of the guys drinking and watching movies downstairs.
“You a friend of Sam or Dean?” Bobby goes on.
Charlie gave him a look, “You’re
Dean lifts an eyebrow at Sam. Should this be a big deal? “Ash was here.”
Dean rolls his eyes and sits down on his desk chair, needing the distance.
