The tears nearly fall from Dean’s eyes as Cas’s hand slips away. He turns sharply behind himself, at the sound of the empty emerging from thin air. Just as his heart rate speeds the door slams open revealing Billie. Pinned by two evils. Dean spins around absorbing his final moments with Cas begging for more. Not once however does Cas’s eyes leave Dean’s.
Dean’s breath is ragged by now, everything around him just breaks through the walls of disassociation he built up around himself. He can see it all again, what he’s done and become. But his palms still sweat, his heart races, and there’s this torrent of hysteria that washes through him, "I can’t”
His voice is loud with desperation now as it reverberates off of the walls “You almost died – your still – you’re dying an-and you still healed me! Cas, you can’t keep doing this for me… I-“
"Seriously though I want to talk to you about something" Dean says dropping his happy demeanor, "I wanted to apologize for dragging you into this whole mess with my family, and my dad. The way he's treated you, and everything you've had to deal with being my 'boyfriend'. I didn't intend this."
Dean distracted him with his jokes and company anytime he could. They talked about it once before Cas decided he didn’t want too. Dean had accepted that he wasn’t good at feelings.
When they reach the room, Cas stands there, angel blade at the ready. Across from him, hands held up at his head is Lucifer, with a grin broadly displayed “Hey, hey, hey. I thought you guys would miss me. I thought we were pals.”
Cas pulled Dean back holding him by the shoulders a fierce determination in his eyes “no Dean, you can’t just shove yourself back into the closet and hide. This is a part of who you are. No matter if they accept it or not.”
The words give him a small bit of comfort because it’s Cas who is saying them. Cas who he loves, even more than he loves pie, “But what if they don’t accept us Cas.”
What happened next Dean can describe as one of the greatest moments of his life, because the smile Cas gave him would be burned into his memories for years to come. What happened next definitely would be. When Cas pulled him in close and kissed him,  it was better than anything he could have imagined, even better than the first time. This time Dean could taste the cinnamon coffee in Cas’s mouth, and the saltiness of their tears on his lips. Every moment of it, Dean spent memorizing the touch, and taste of it all.
“Cas” Dean’s voice cracks. Sam steps away, as Cas storms towards him. Dean reaches out a hand touching it on his bicep.
Dean punctuates each word between kisses. Laying his head back down, accepting his roll as the little spoon.
“Hey” Dean points to the tv on the wall above the bar showing an empty football field where a game appeared to have been ongoing before Chuck wiped out the world.
There wasn’t a defiant reason why, life had just pulled them apart living different places. Dean had gained other friends who wanted to spend time with him too. School had been in the thickest content part of the semester, and ever the nerd Cas had to study too. Dork.
"No Cas I'm not listening to those crappy Christmas love songs one more damn time." Dean grumbles shoving his Zepp tape into the radio, "You know the rules, the driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole."
Dean chuckles lightly at the sight. Just barely audible over the light 1980s Christmas melodies filling the apartment.
Dean only realizes what is happening when he feels the rough callouses of Cas’s hand on his cheek. He reaches up with his own, his fingers resting delicately on the angel’s wrist. Without consciousness he feels himself leaning into the touch. There is a beat of silence where they just looked into each other’s tear tormented eyes, holding within them every moment they held together. Dean opens his mouth a sigh of ‘Cas’ nearly slipping between his teeth.
Then rounds the back of the gas station, hotwiring the abandon truck. With little suspicion he pulls out onto the road, bumbling along.
”Yes you do” Dean spits bitterly, tears welling up in his eyes again, “Don’t pity me Cas. I know your stupid list is about him”.
"Come on Cas , wake up, or I'm going to eat all of your honey" Dean jokes, knowing how tettorial he is about his precious honey that he drove hours to get from a specific farmers market. Or should he say Dean drove him hours to get.
Nothing happens, not even a shift of wind. He snaps them again. Then rapidly snapping them over and over. Jack watches the fear grow on his face as it doesn’t work. The useless action, that once would release however much power he wanted. Now nothing but a human signal.
Cas looked up at those precious green eyes for the first time since he returned. Dean frowned a bit “I know it’s not much, and it might not be as good as you other one. I liked it thought, I mean I always liked it when i seen it going with Lisa. I thought maybe you could use a broader selection of colors, since yours were just blues and purples. But um I - I don’t know man. You can always trade it out or something”
“Come on I need my boo, looking like the bird man he was always meant to be.” Dean cracked a large grin at his lame Halloween joke.
Before Michael has a chance to defend himself, or Chuck, Jack surmises, a woman clears her throat, “Asshats”
Sam quirks an eyebrow but doesn't say anything about Dean's sudden willingness to do something that involves work. Instead he sign a quick 'be right back' to Eileen, and follows Dean to the dining room.
And Dean has stayed silent long enough, voicing his concerns, his mistrust, “We reached out to you.” Dean accuses his adam’s apple bobbing “You ignored us.”
“Really?” Sam asks, standing off above the headless body of the vampire, looking at it with a grimace. And Cas nods.
“Were you coming to tell me you’re tired of spending twenty-four-seven with me already” Cas jokes though there is a little truthful nervousness in it too.
The three of them arrive at the small diner in town. The waiter seating them at a four-person booth. Cas slides in beside Sam, across from Dean.
A burning tear streams from the corner of Dean’s eye as he closes them. His breathing raspy and labored. Like a couch cushion wheezing under the weight of a large man. He feels it death. Digging its claws into his mortal flesh. His head tips forward, unable to hold it up any longer. Falling to his chest, his chin rests against his chest. As he takes his final gasps of air.
"I want to stop pretending. This was stupid. You don't have to be my fake boyfriend anymore." Dean says roughly, turning to the side once Cas drops his hands.
“I don’t know, Dean. I don’t know why they care.” Cas repeated softly, letting Dean break letting him fall apart in his arms. Glad that Dean knew he would be right there to put him back together, but pained knowing Dean hurt this much “I don’t know why people care. It’s not wrong Dean you are not wrong, it doesn’t matter what he says and what he thinks. Because I see you the person you are and the people that care are stuck and they may always be but what matters is you. I am proud of you.”
Looking at Dean his straight best friend, this close. Snuggled beneath a shared red and white blanket on a hardly big enough loveseat. Their sides pressed perfect together. On Christmas Eve, watching the snowflakes fall. Ready to spend Christmas with the love of his life. The unrequited love of his life.
“I have come to save you” Jack says, a sad waver in his voice. Maybe there is something back there for Cas. His son.
Nervousness encased his mind, what if Cas stopped coming. He couldn’t lose him, even as just a friend. Sure they only just became friends but he loved texting Cas way into the night, and that time they went bowling alley together had been fun. Almost like a date but no, Cas made it clear it wasn’t, Dean wasn’t even sure Cas was attracted to men or anyone for that matter.
"Wait Cas- Stop" Dean yelled sprinting behind him, he spun Cas around, wiping away the tears Cas wasn't aware had fallen "Did you mean that"
Cas walked in half lidded as always with a frown glued to his face. Which was unusually brighter than most mornings. Though he still missed the little exchange between the brothers, and the melt down Dean was having.
Leaving them all gaping at where once stood. Any faith they had left in restoring the world diminishing right before their eyes.
When he opens his eyes, he snaps back into reality. Other kids from school running around the park, yelling a bit too loud for Castiel’s liking. He likes things quite sometimes, and calm. Some parents are sat on benches around the park watching with warm smiles as their kids run around, not Castiel’s dad though. No, he hardly has a father anymore, Chuck has been gone a long time now. There is this little begrudging thought in the back of his head, afraid he isn’t coming back this time. The last goodbye somehow felt final.
Dean huffs tossing the star back into the trunk with a childlike frown. Then grabs his machete and slams the trunk lid. Following Sam silently to the barn.
“Das’s” Chirps their curly black-haired toddler, waddling over to Dean and Cas as they enter the living room. Her thick ringlets bouncing with excitement, and sugar which for sure is from Gabe wherever he ran off to. She abandons her spot in front of Sam.
Under better circumstances goes unsaid. As the air shifts and the two men and the two boys are gone.
Cas looks down at his hands, hiding the growing blush on the tips of his ears, "It- it could work," Pulling his trenchcoat closer to him, keeping the dwindling warmth inside of his clothing.
The scenes flash before his eyes, the burning, ashy smell. Castiel’s sticky skin, his words. The scream he let out when the empty burnt up, he knew that was going to haunt his dreams for years.
The tires of the impala screech on the road as Dean rounds the corner with a sharp turn of the wheel. Jack listing directions every so often over Dean’s driving playlist blaring in the car. Just another day at the office.
Cas leans back on the bench, and turns again to face Jack, “Yes so you all could save the world, and this time it worked out. We can all save the world, but Jack you have to know that I would risk myself over and over, so that you can live. Not just because I believe you can save the world but because I love and care about you. I want you to have the life you deserve and the life your mom would have wanted for you.”
The couple turn from the table, uncaring of the people around them ducking their eyes away as if they didn’t witness the Winchester family drama that just unfolded in the restaurant.
Knowing they can’t let him go. Dean tells him no, giving the guy an ultimatum. Die swift and quickly or slow and painfully. Explaining every excruciating detail of the slow beheading with Sam’s small pocketknife.
Everything below his waist feels numb. Shivers wrack his body. He’s just so tired, he just wants to let go, “Please, I-I need you to te-ll me it’s ok – okay.”
A small gasp escapes Cas at his words. He knows just how important Mary was to Dean. How high of a pedestal Dean placed John and Mary’s relationship on. What it meant for Dean to call him his Mary.
Jack pushes Castiel’s shoulder, as he begins to open his mouth to ask what he means. With a huff, Cas falls to a hard ground, the nothingness fading away, till there is everything. Light, grass, dirt, happiness, pain, and warmth. An entire world around him. Cas is back, on earth he realizes.
Michael goes on to explain his story of “when the rapture came” as he quoted it, how he took refuge in this church. St. Michaels. Not drawing attention to himself with his powers after choosing their side. Sure, that Chuck would condemn him for it. As he did the rest of the world.
Dean isn’t sure what to think, the devil they know – Michael – couldn’t open the book. Maybe the actual devil can. Still, he agrees with the angel, they can’t trust him they never have.
The former angel looks down at their interlock hands then up again at Dean, cocking his head to the side “Is that what you want?”
Betty opens the book to the final few pages, placing one finger on the paper to trace along as she reads, “Behold, in the end, there is the ending of he who created the beginning.” She breaths “And thus it will be-“
“Cas, Dean” Sammy’s annoy voice asks. (Okay maybe it’s not annoying but right now it is.) The couple breaks apart sitting up on the bed as the door swings open.
"What" Dean swallowed his face guarded, something Cas hadn't seen since Dean's mother died and his father left. He ran his tongue over the front of his teeth, his voice riddled with anger and pain "I'm the problem? I have done nothing but try to be here for you, to be your friend. Hell even to be your family - I thought-"
The brothers both giving him unamused looks and Castiel comes closer to Sam’s side watching him. Dean felt that.
Dean squeezed his hand grumbling “Fine but only because I want to flaunt as the best dressed couple.”
Just like that he is back on the road again, with enough gas he makes it to Lebanon before it runs out. By the time he does the sun has set casting the earth into darkness.
Dean nodded, not that he’d admit but his shift had been over thirty minutes ago but, he stayed to see a certain messy haired guy who hadn’t come in yet. Cas took a sip of his drink, placing it back down, “good can you give me a ride back to my dorm my car won’t start”
Dean groans half awake. Sleep clouding his mind. Blinking his eyes open, the barely alight clock on the side table in front of Dean, glows reading 1:50 am.
Yet he doesn’t move, he doesn’t because maybe he thinks he deserves this moment. Even if it’s not real.
Dean accentuate his name. Tucking a piece of hair behind Cas’s ear. He never broke eye contact, just staring into those blue eyes. Eyes that held so many oceans of depth within them. Depth that he would swim in with Cas for as long as he would let him.
Lucifer had tried to jeer Jack and make some fun remarks at his expense, but Jack ignored him and his petulant actions. Shutting him down immediately when he tried to call him his boy.
Scanning the room he notices it’s fairly spotless aside for the few items here and there that are so clearly Cas décor, and a stray shirt he loads into the basket. But what captures Dean’s attention is the journal sitting open on his desk.
Cas looks back up expecting rejection but instead is met with a searching gaze as if Dean is actually considering it. He continues "I mean that way we can 'stick it to your dad' as you said"
The group exchanges their pleasant greetings, and all sit around the table which is actually two small tables shoved together with chairs all around them.
“And it’s in here.” Jack feels a small rush of relief at that notion, and she continues, “All that you want.”
”Mom” Dean mumbles into her shoulder with a grin, erasing all traces of embarrassment. Cas knows he’s a momma’s boy. With Mary though Cas would be too.
“Everything you have ever done the good and the bad you have done for love.” Cas breaths, “You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world for love.”
His thoughts remind him but he can't bring himself to care. This may be his only chance to do the one thing he's been dreaming of for years. Cas reaches up, his hand covering Dean’s cheek, and he's sure if the glove hadn't been there he'd be able to feel the day old stubble growing there.
"Two please" Dean holds up his fingers, smiling at the grey haired lady manning the booth. Her tag just beside her beaded necklace reads Melody.
“He almost died” Dean’s voice breaks when says it. Sam steps away, a confused look crossing his face “Cas almost died, and I just let him go”
The two of them look at Dean not saying anything studying his every action. Dean however doesn’t look up, kicking his shoes against each other.
Part of his thoughts chanted. His heart broke a little at those thoughts. The thoughts that were correct.
Cas carefully unwraps the garishly wrapped gift, tugging each of the flaps of tape out till the gift falls out.
Dean pulls a chair away from the table, motioning the angel to sit down. So, Cas does, as he does, he looks up, the two meet each other’s eyes. Dean after a few moments he gives him a small smile before stepping away. Unable to do anything else Dean just lets his heart ache painfully in his chest. Anger, fear, relief, sadness, and feelings he can’t even begin to identify bang around in his body, looking for an explanation. But he can’t give them one.
"Right" Dean stepped back with a flinch. For the briefest of moments, before Dean flopped down onto the bed, Cas swore he saw sadness flash across his features. But it was gone before he could tell.
With that omission Dean stumbles out of the room, retrieves his bottle, and closes the door with a small click. Accepting the lack of light beneath the door.
“I-I am bisexual, I like both girls and guys.” Finally this huge secret he had kept from his parents for years finally came out. He didn’t dare look up at their reactions he just sighed in relief.
Dean and Cas move from the fireplace to watch the movie on the TV screen. They lean against the couch in between Sam and Eileen, and Jo on the other side of them. Even though they move. Dean still reposisitions them back to as they were. his arms wrapped around Cas. and Cas's head on his shoulder. Occasionally nodding off to sleep.
Jack can feel everything all of God’s powers becoming his own. Amara is there too a little voice in the back of his head, glad to be rid of Chuck. He feels as Chuck turns human beneath his hands, and he grants him this mercy allowing him to survive. Chuck lets out a final gasp of pain, the final surge of power, and Jack lets him go from his grasp. Chuck falls to the ground in a heap, a simple human. Jack towers over him glowing with light, with power.
"Nothing" Dean covers shaking away his thoughts of what those pink lips would feel like. If they would be as soft as he always imagined, "I just haven't laughed that hard in a long time. Come on let's go show everyone"
In becoming human Cas could see why Dean always tried to make him sit as an angel, standing is tiresome.
Lucifer eyes the exchange between the hunter and the angel, but if he were going to say anything about it, he decides not to. Rather he boasts about his success in turning the reaper, “Look she’s got the whole Death starter kit going.”
Dean surged forwards joining their lips, effectively cutting off any more apologies the angel had. The kiss had way too many teeth; he was sure he almost gave Cas a nosebleed when they bumped noses. But after a moment of stillness Cas’s lips were moving too, in sync with his own. As if it were what they were always meant to be doing, and it was perfect, “Son of a bitch” Dean breathed when they finally broke apart, still wrapped up in each other. Hugging each other for dear life.
Once they reach the festival the Singers and Winchester break away from their light chatter. Each going their own direction, to a booth or otherwise. Mary hangs close to the boys still chatting with Ellen.
The truth is he wasn't thinking, he just wanted it. Sitting there was Cas in the Impala, a snow covered yard away from his childhood house, snow falling outside the window behind him offering Dean everything he's ever wanted and he just acted. But now...
Dean drops his head into his hands, the overwhelming feeling coming back. He just wants to love and be loved in return.
“Stop Sam.” Dean places a hand on his shoulder, Sam shakes his head, “I need – I need you to tell me it’s okay.”
“Alright, I’ll leave you boys to it” Jody clasps her hands together, the medical supplies stuffed safely back in her bag.  She rises to her feet towering over the boys once more before swaying away back to the lady – Donna was it.
“What do you mean?” Sam says still looking around, not fully in tuned on what Dean is saying just yet.
“And the kicker of it all Cas. He started just disappearing, telling us he was going on hunting trips. Coward.” Dean chokes back the bitter bile running up his throat. Cas seems to understand, he reaches a handout interlocking their fingers in a way most middle school boys wouldn’t but he can’t seem to care. No one is here to see them, and he needs this, “That is until we got a call from social services apparently John got thrown in jail, beat up some guys while he was trashed”
Tipping his head to the side Cas stared at Dean in confusion. Before he had a chance to react, Dean's lips were on his own, after a moment Cas finally reacted. Pushing back his arm snaking around Dean's waist and the other on Dean's bicep where he was holding Cas's shoulders.
Before Dean could yell though Cas spoke, his voice cool but deadly, and if looks could kill, John would be six feet under right now, “You will not speak to or about Dean that way” Cas defended his shoulder holding slightly in front of him as if protecting him from John, “You will not speak to Dean as if he is nothing, as if he is worthless. He is worth everything. He is so full of compassion and love, everything he does is for love. You can berate me and hate me all you want. But you will not talk to Dean that way.”
Michael looks up with skeptical curiosity. His taut expression changing as he raises a brow in question. Not anticipating that response.
And as he sits grace waning when Cas hears it ringing loud and clear. As clear as the day he declared ‘Dean Winchester is saved’ after he raised him from hell.
“Listen” Dean started clutching the bag tighter to his back “I know I was supposed to go pick up Charlie but she got another ride.”
Cas picks at the Christmas tree sprinkle on the top of it. Giving it a smile that’s sadder than it should be for a cookie that tastes like pure heaven. Not noticing as Dean puts down his controller. Pausing the game on the screen.
Jack smiles his eyes crinkling in the corners, “I didn’t come for your help I came to save you. Goodbye dad I will see you soon.”
Cas began sprinkling on the cinnamon and sugar. After a few beats of silence Mary spoke once again, pausing their movements "Castiel, I am glad that you two are together. Dean seems happy with you. I have to apologize for my husband, the way he has acted is unfair, and you do not deserve it. He is trying to work on it but that is still no excuse for his actions."
Once they returned to the bunker, walking a short distance to ensure the uber driver wouldn’t know the location of their secret bunker. Mostly just because Sam didn’t want to worry the driver about dropping them off at a bunker. Cas steps into his room, and sits at the desk opening his journal. Cas looks over his list all about Dean.
All the while, Jack feels the bolts of power radiating from Lucifer, sucking them up. Little shocks at a time, power slowly filling him.
“I am aware” Cas nodded and Dean felt his heart skip a beat in his chest, “But Sam explained it can also be for familial and friendly love as well”
A smile grows as he watches them all, then it falls his mouth gaping open. With the bark of a dog. Dean turns watching as the shaggy golden dog rounds the corner of a truck, yipping at him. He drops to his knees opening his arms wide “Miracle”
Hours could have passed, maybe even a lifetime before they pulled away, tangled up in each other. Breathing laboured. Neither of them dare to open their eyes first. Just leaning on each other letting everything go unspoken.
When he’s finished saying his piece it’s like a weight has been lifted from his shoulders. For thousands of years, he was forced to follow God’s plan, and do everything in accordance with his will. Horrible, not Castiel things. Finally, that burden has been stripped away for the last time.
“You mean you think there is still something out there? Like people?” Sam asks. Cas snaps his head towards Jack.
There was something all too bittersweet about this night, but he couldn't bring himself to care as Dean tugged him towards the hot chocolate stand.
They both look to the door bracing themselves. Then the door is swinging open. Cold winter air rushing in with small flurries of snow. On the porch stands, Mary and John, wrapped boxes in hand and smiles on their faces. Swamped in their large winter coats, and Mary’s large scarf.
Before Dean had time to extend his disastrous bisexual panic further, Sam snorted. Walking out of the room with a smug smile laminated on his face, when Castiel walked into the kitchen.
You think about them all the time, the way they laugh, the things you did together, the small brushes of your hands, and god you think about them. You always want to talk to them and be closer, and sometimes when you look into their eyes you want to die. Because you love them so much but you know if you told them they could never love you back. But you won't die, because you don't want them to hurt, and you will never see them again. You feel like you can't leave because you know they will forget about you, and you won't be able to love them anymore.
“No” Dean shakes his head, tears welling in his eyes. A defeated look in them, shoulders slumped forwards, “Stay with me.”
There is a light conversation that brews among them every so often, occasionally turning loud with all the voices. Dean beams at the way he doesn't have to include Cas in the conversation because Cas knows them and he knows how to hold his own.
“I see you talked. Do you have any smart, knowledge brother to thank..” Sam smirks triumphantly, a raise of an eyebrow.
“I was Jody” Dean mumbles meagerly from behind Castiel, his hand grabbing Castiel’s shoulder. A wall of defense between the two young boys. The other three bullies seemed to have scampered off at the sight of an adult. So much for them acting tough, Cas thinks with a sigh.
Dean had smiled and laughed. Actually, entered life amongst Sam and Eileen again for longer than a few seconds. However, Dean only chatted with her so long as until she brought up the lack of Castiel’s presence. Then he went scurrying back to his room to hide away again.
Cas leaned against the truck beside Dean “I don’t like coffee and haven’t liked any of them since I started coming. So, I decided to try everything on the menu”
“You know my mom use to call me angel each time I brought her the feathers before she passed.” Cas says sadly his voice an octave deeper than before, looking into the distance. It seemed sad for someone so young to experience so much pain, but Dean could understand.
Cas tilted his head to the side in confusion, but then a huge gummy smile spread across his face, “Thank you Dean” Cas mumbled his face covered with a pink blush as he looked at their joined hands.
“As far as we know only Death can open it.” Sam explains as clinical as ever. As if he is explaining how to put together an Ikea bookshelf, rather than killing God himself, “But… We were hoping you could too.”
Not that it was always Dean's fault, Cas is the one who chose to have a humiliating and pathetic crush on him. One which always seemed to lead him to be blushy and embarrassed. It had been this way for nearly two years by this point. Cas couldn't remember a time when he didn't have this crush except for before they met. He was unsure whether or not Dean could feel the same, he resided to leave well enough alone.
“No” Dean began to argue but he was right he would never of had the courage to admit it before “Yeah but he isn’t the reason for this sure it’s how I realized it, but dad this isn’t a choice for me. It’s not a disease that can be spread, I just got opened up to the possibility.”
Dean sighed into the hug inhaling Cas’s scent, the sandy smell grounding him “Thank you Cas. I just feel- Sam accepted it, but mom and dad. They shattered me Cas with three frickin sentences - maybe I should take it back.”
For a while the two just sit there processing everything. Sitting on the bed leaned back against the wall, and when Sammy barges into Dean’s room demanding they go with his to the library the tension has subsided.
Cas snaps his eyes back over to Dean, "that was almost a month ago Dean. You aren't still hung up on him are you."
“To die at the hands of Sam Winchester…” he looks away from Sam skating past both Jack and Cas with an uncaring look, straight to Dean, “of Dean Winchester – the ultimate killer.”
“Relax” Dean groans “I’m not letting him ride shot gun. Go get the Nephilim, I’m sure he won’t mind.”
Dean pads lightly down the halls of the bunker in the late hours of the night, cautious to not make a sound. To not break this upending silence that holds back everything that’s happened. The yellow caged lights flicker along the walls, dimly lighting his path.
The conversations around them die down, but Dean can feel Sam's presence, as if he's ready to get up in an instant. Dean and Cas just look at John with weighted weary expressions. Neither one speaks.
“Jack” Castiel says tipping his head to the side. He gives his son a hug, not sure where to go from here.
Dean licks across his lips and it takes all of Cas’s will power not to trace the move with his eyes “how do you mean buddy”
Though Dean should be more focused on the apology his Dad is giving him all he can feel the pang in his chest. He wishes what John said is true, the apology, the happiness, the love, he wishes all of it were true.
Before Cas has a second more to analyze the other boy, Jody is back a small bag of things clutched in her hand.
“There you go boy. See I knew you’d like Baby” He pats the roof of the car receiving a small bark from Miracle.
The impala pulls beside the abandoned diner, in the abandoned town. All that seems to be inhabiting it is Sam and Jack walking slowly along the road looking dejected, confused, and just as defeated as the two inside the impala feel.
Castiel nods with a proud swell in his chest at his son, but with a worried expression, “The shadow it-it took my grace. I’m human now. I can’t help you.”
Dean can't help but look at it. Call it friendly curiosity. It is Cas’s neat handwriting scribbled down onto the page. The top reads ‘Things I like about him’ Dean is properly intrigued now.
Cas watches as Chuck stalks over to him. Pulling him up by his dress shirt and tossing him in front of the brothers. Cas winces when he lands, feeling a snap in his chest, a rib breaking as he hits the ground. When he blinks up, he sees the Winchesters on their feet again holding each other up. He meets Dean’s a moment, and it all feels the same, that feeling again. Up close he can see the sweat beaded on his forehead, his hair damp both from the sweat and blood. Gashes that crave into his face, the misshapen bone that distorts his face. And – he thinks there’s tears in his eyes which grow as he looks at the angel. Unexpectedly his hand is stretched out towards him, and he reaches back. Their fingers brushing for a single solid second. This is his, Dean. He scrambles backwards beside their feet as Chuck starts towards him again, their hands dropping away. Then as God nears the brothers start to smile through the pain. And they begin to laugh. Cas looks up to face his maker, who is standing above him perplexed about the brothers laughing. He can’t help but to smile.
That’s when the playful malice falls from Chuck’s face, his eyes narrowing. This is the father Castiel knows a cruel capricious God. He rallies back at Dean a cut slicing on his face where he hits “You Winchester never know how to give up.”
Cas nods joyfully, reaching over his lap to grab something, “Look Dean it’s a bee shaped mug, it’s even got a little wing as the handle” He beams displaying the gift in the palm of his hand.
Dean stepped into Cas’s space smirking, he is blushing for Dean because of Dean. Now Dean would be totally freaking out like a fangirl seeing her favorite celebrity had it not made him so proud, ”are you sure”
“As long as Lucifer is gone.” Michael says after some time, exhaling heavily. Privy to the heavy atmosphere, “That is all that matters.”
“Sam, Cas is my boyfriend” Dean stutters out quickly before anyone else can talk. The statement is so quick he’s sure Eileen didn’t catch it, he isn’t even sure Sam had.
Dean feels his stomach do a flip at the sincerity written on Cas’s face. He slides down a little in the seat, nuzzling into Cas. After a moment he feels Cas’s head lay on top of his own.
He felt Dean move around behind him. Presumably placing his bag down as well, with a clunk on the wooded floors.
“That’s right” Dean nods with a shrug, “So we had to come up with a plan ‘b’. That wasn’t too hard though,”
Delicately Cas stroked the brush across his eye, using a few techniques he picked up from videos and practice. He dipped his brush in the lightest shimmery dark blue in the pallette.
A smile graced Dean's features, as he turned the car "I know Cas, guess I just wanted it this year."
Chuck’s eyes flicker back and forth. All the dots connecting right in front of him, answering his confusion. He looks at them with awe because they beat him at his own game. Unexpectedly he begins to chuckle, pointing to the ground tapping it with his index finger, “This… This is why you’re my favorites.” Cas looks around in confusion, only to be met with the same looks back “For once I don’t know what happens next. Is this where you kill me?”
”actually” Dean straightens up beside Cas before dropping their hands together, fingers interlocking. Cas gives a squeezing urging him to continue ”Cas is my boyfriend.”
The girl laughed ”I understand” she darted her eyes to the other man understanding Dean’s reference to liking Cas. Something that Cas didn't quite pick up on.
Dean just looks at his younger brother wondering when he became the one that he looks up to and not the other way around. When he doesn’t speak, Sam comes closer hauling him to his feet. Examining the mess Dean made.
“Yeah, you should really tell us” Sam pry’s, crossing his arms over his chest. Dean feels his anger flare.
There’s the familiar click of his tongue he gets normally when he turns spiteful after a night of drinking at a bar.
Cas slammed his hands against the steering wheel "That's what I'm saying Dean, you are my family just my family, and trust me I feel so happy to be that to get to be your family. But I can't do this, because that is all I am. Your family you will never see me as anything more." Cas ground his teeth trying to rein in the tears that were threatening to spill over "but my heart can't take one more moment of watching you look at Lisa, watching you kiss her the way you do; because I want you to look at me like that and I want to be the one you are kissing. I love you. But I love me too, and I can't let my heartbreak over and over; when I see you and know you will never love me the same."
Cas recalls the days in which he believed the same, before he fell, before he rebelled. He looks to Dean who is already looking at him.
Cas watched with a grin as Dean ran off, till he was out of view. He turned back pulling the boxes from his dad's old car. They sat by his feet as he waited. Part of him wondered as he stood there alone if this was all just a cruel joke.
Cas might have a crush on him. Dean chuckles, okay maybe he has a crush on Cas too. A big, massive gay crush. Or maybe not gay but angelic crush.
That's when it hits him, two trains screeching to a halt only to crash into each other. He likes Cas. Hell, he’s in love with that dorky little dude.
It surprises Dean when Cas relates to him about his own father Chuck. He knew some stuff and it was clear neither of his parents were around. That they were a household of unsupervised kids. It’s almost comical how similar their stories are. The only difference is that Chuck ran away, he didn’t get lost in his anger, he just left. Abandoned his kids as if they were nothing more than the dirt under his shoes.
He clutches his stomach, letting out a strangled gasp. Dropping the book back in it’s original place as if he is Lucifer touching the bible.
Once the impala rolls back into the town – down the still empty roads. Dean stops, the four of them get out, “You think you can do this kiddo?” he directs his question at Jack.
Except now there are no people to save, no things to hunt. Dean can drive as far over the speed limit as he wants without consequence. The deafening silence between, Castiel and Dean, drowns even the music. And the hopeless sense of reckless defeat weighs on them knowing they are the cause of all of this. Even if Chuck did it, they couldn’t stop him. Another day at the end of the world.
Once getting their food Dean began to stew. Seeing Cas watch Sam eat. How they smiled and laughed with each other.
Cas smiles at the all too familiar face now blissfully asleep. He tiptoes out the bedroom, leaving the door ajar on the way out.
The two of them didn't notice the awe looks directed at their cuteness as they sat down. The bale of hay squashed beneath them. A small chilling breeze washed over the hay covered trailer, causing Dean to pull his jacket tighter to him.
Their eyes snap back to each other only inches apart. Holding each others eyes. Speaking more words between their eyes than real words could.
“Oh,” Dean says his eyes read Cas with understanding before he clenches his jaw. Swallowing down the bit of cookie in his mouth “I wish I could kick Chuck’s ass that son of bitch! I still can’t believe he just moved away after you left. What kinda father drops all fricking contact with their so-“
Cas touches his arm softly in condolence, and Dean finds him looking up at him with a sympathetic frown. Which only makes Dean feel worse, and conflicted. He shrugs off the angel’s hand, before he gets the chance to say anything to the angel, Sam, and Jack return. With them the words stolen from the tip of his tongue are replaced by anger.
Cas swayed his hips to the music, hanging up his feathery costume. It was unique, one of a kind he had specially made from an online friend who was into fashion. If this was the only time he got to truly show off the thing he loves to do then he wanted it to be perfect. It was really. Cas had always loved birds. How free they are, with the wind beneath their wings. Sure they have to fight against the wind, and migrate for the winter; but they are also free. That was something Cas had longed for as a child, and for one night he finally got it.
Cas sighs, walking up to Dean. Pausing in front of him. Dean’s heart quickens as he approaches. Dean grabs Cas’s hands, delicate to the right one that’s still wounded. He looks into his eyes again pleading, “I can fix this”
Lucifer laughed, disappearing from Cas, who had dropped his weapon to the side instead of pointing it at him. Lucifer then reappears in front of the brothers “In a way they were pissed, after the whole pew” he mimics exploding noises opening his hands in a gesture of something blowing up “with Jack. But hey turns out they hate pops even more. Thus me.”
Cas looks at his shoelaces with a frown “Crowley the one you beat up; he bullies most of the younger kids. It’s not just me. But um everyone calls me feathers cause well,” Cas twirls the feather in his fingers “I collect them.”
Tonight, they were watching one of the Star Wars movies. Cas had been so enraptured by the show he’d have forgotten about Dean if it weren’t for the low hum Dean let out each time something exciting happened. It was nights like this he wished they could see each other.
It was quite magical the day they adopted her, two years ago. How alike the both of them, she looked. Black hair, green eyes, and even a few freckles coating her face. The perfect mix of them. As soon as they saw her, they knew she would be a perfect addition to their growing family. She certainly has been.
Jack looks over as the Winchesters and Cas enter the room, however they are not followed by Betty. Michael looks back at them as well pointing to Lucifer, he says with a disappointed look “You’re thinking about trusting him?”
Halloween was over for him, if by chance Dean came home he would feign some sort of illness. That was probably wishful thinking Dean wouldn't care enough about him to come home, no one did. He should just accept it and become what everyone else wants him to be because at least then maybe someone will stay.
"Boy, let's just stop with the politeness." John cuts him off holding up his hand. His voice rippling like the flames of hell fire, "We both know what you and Dean are doing. It's pathetic, faking your 'love' in front of me just because Dean's learned a fancy new word bisexual. I don't know how he roped you into it, but you can stop now. We all know it's fake."
Even though, he knows Cas doesn’t mean it in the same way, Dean whispers back “I love you too angel”
It’s odd that things between them are just as usual. Only a bit of distance distinct in their friendship after the kiss. The occasional fluttering of eyes away when they meet, but almost normal.
Tears welled up in Castiel’s eyes as she spoke, he jumped from his spot racing over to the bed. His tiny arms pulling himself unto the soft bed, his small voice wobbles as he speaks “Why Mama”
Cas shrugs "I wake up at four am most days for work so I'm used to waking up early. Dean hates it." he adds smiling into his cup. Though it is rare that he wakes Dean when he gets up for work, it can be hard not to in their tiny dorm. More than once he's had a pillow chucked at his head for 'being too Damn loud at the ass crack of dawn'. According to Dean who needs his four hours of rest. Yet can stay up late into the night blaring his classic rock through his headphones.
”I love you” Cas repeats, the room around them melting only their two souls connecting in the room. All the voices grew silent. Only those three words existing in his mind with his angel’s speech. For a moment all the pain is lost.
Jack stands, turning to look through the diner window to the people he cares about the most. His family. He notices the way Dean stands away from Cas, further than he ever does, for a moment he wonders what happened with Billie. He doesn’t ponder on it long though.
There he is. Breathing quickly in and out. Trench coat falling as he lands on concrete ground, dust brushing away. For a second before Jack steps out from behind Cas, the shadows of his powerful wings lie against the barn wall behind Cas.
" John spat out 'girl' with venom dripping from his tongue. A look of disgust as he looked at the two boys together.
“Naomi” Cas grumbled referring to his mother. Though he lifted his head if only to take a sip of his coffee “she ‘can’t wait’ for me to show up apparently she has ‘someone’ to ‘introduce’ me to for Christmas” He continued throwing slightly wrong finger quotes in his speaking.
Cas nods at Jo. In return, she tips her beer bottle towards him with a smile. A mischievous glint in her eyes. Cas knows he's screwed. Remembering back to the drinking games they shared, with and without Dean. Her pouring Cas shot after shot till they were both stumbling messes. Always he seemed to surprise her with his Alcohol tolerance, and she when she ended up making out with Dean somewhere. That one stung, Cas shifted back returning his focus to Ellen. This is awkward.
Dean’s chest tightens. Black spots cover his vision blacking out pieces of his brother, “Please Sam, Castiel isn’t coming” Only part of him believes it, after all the hurt Cas always comes back. A beaten dog returning to its owner. Maybe he hopes that the angel won’t make it in time that way he doesn’t have to keep letting him down, “It’s okay. I’m ready.”
“Dean” Cas’s voice is low barely there even, like fingernails on a chalkboard. It is enough though to still his erratic heart. Dean lets out a relieved sigh.
“Sur-re,” Cas said between fits of laughter. Clutching his stomach as he doubled over. Squirming around on the bed. Even as Dean tried to stay mad he couldn’t help but to let out a loud laugh as well.
Reluctantly Dean releases Cas from his lazy grip, to grab a mug. Once he has the steaming cup wrapped in his hands he leans against the counter behind Cas.
Lucifer looks back down knocking over the tower only the top two cards fall the rest stay together, glued as they were. He laughs “I cheated”
For a second Cas had almost forgotten that it was all fake. He sighed with an ache in his heart ”We are - I am”
”But” he stutters, “you said, I'm not smart or compassionate. I am a grunt and a killer. I am not worth it.”
He examines the spilt wounds oozing with blood, and Dean stirs. Trying to pull his hand away from the pain, but Cas doesn’t relent, gripping it tighter.
“Everyone’s gone” Sam states to his brother, and then glances to Cas who’s leaning weakly against the Impala. The char marks still visible on his skin, along with the healing flesh all along his body. Though his eyes have healed no longer looking like popped beach balls inside his sockets. The flicker of grace regenerating inside of him had become his main priority rather than his outward symptoms. It seems as if Sam is about to question it but instead, he continues, “Did you guys see anybody on the way here?”
Cas had grown accustom to greeting everyone he came to know in the coffee shop. They all appeared to be good friends with Dean, which Cas supposed made since considering they worked in such close proximity. Personally, however Cas preferred to have Dean as his barista, for reasons that may not have been solely based on his coffee making skills; but no one else had to know that.
Dean heaves across the floor, slamming into the wall with a bang, still in shock. He looks to Billie the malice in her eyes evident as she grips the scythe. Then back to Cas – he’s smiling as the goo reaches forwards all but consuming him. Darkness surrounds the once beloved trench coat.
Deep red flushed Dean’s cheeks with anger, his eyes, he was sure were twelve times their usual size, “Really Sam, real mature, you really want to start this again?” Dean grumbled scrubbing the marker with his spit licked finger, in a futile attempt to remove the markings, “Seriously jerk”
Dean sinks in on him self cowering back into his carefully crafted, hateful John box. Cas only holds on tighter to his hand keeping him from shutting the lid completely.
Cas takes a deep breath trying to collect his thoughts. Gather every last ounce of courage in him, bracing himself for the worst.
“Of course, you didn’t.” Dean scoffs taking another pull from his bottle. Michael continues his picking, peeling the sticker away till the brown glass is all that remains.
“Originally it was because I needed somewhere to study that was quite but not too quite” Cas explained, Dean peered up at him watching him bite his lip before continuing “now I’m determined to finish the menu and I like the people I’ve got to know Charlie, Benny... you”
“Are you – sure you want to… stop this” Cas gestures between the two of them his head to tipped to the side in confusion. He swallows hard at the desperation in his voice.
The first thing he registers is the cold wood of the floor beneath his bare feet. Reaching down he grabs the fluffy bee socks he discarded on the ground just before getting in bed. Pulling them on he looks back over at Dean, the small pout on his lips moving slowly as he breaths. Long, dark lashes fanning over his pale eyelids. A few darker freckles can be seen where the morning sunlight filters in through the bedroom window.
“No- I meant oh no like that’s bad I can give you a ride” Dean rushed out a little too fast. Reaching across the table to take Cas’s hands as he stumbled over his reassurance.
“Dean” Cas smiles holding up a hand to Dean’s chest in an attempt to quell his anger. Feeling Dean’s chest heave under his hand.
“Oh, did I forget to mention that” Lucifer says with fake shock, dramatically cover a hand over his mouth “My bad. Yes, Betty here is a reaper.”
Sam delivers the final slice to his own vamp. When Dean’s charges right back grabbing Dean’s shoulders. Slamming him hard against one of the posts.
“Mind if I join you” Michael asks, entering the library once again. Inconspicuously holding an old book, he pulled off the shelf.
Cas mojoes away the blood and glass from the floor. Leaving the room to look less like a war zone, though the mirror still sits broken in the corner.
Cas is a bit calmer than the rest of them at opening his presents, but the way he smiles at each gift feels far more breathtaking than anyone else. Though Dean may be a tad bias.
“Your creations have become their own, writing their own stories. Not yours Chuck you created the world, but the world created life. Free will.” Jack finishes his speech, looking once more at Chuck. His eyes flare yellow as he pulls all the power to the surface. He can hear him gasping with fear at the sight. Cowering in on himself. He doesn’t get the chance to back away before Jack grabs the sides of his face. Pulling all the power to the surface till it’s coursing through him in lightning bolts of yellow light beneath his skin. All along his face and hands. The bolts shoot out into the skin of God’s vessel. His skin alight with Jack’s power as his once godly light dies from his eyes. Till just the vessel – Chuck – remains.
Inside there is a smell of sodden hay and mud blowing up from the dirt. Into the dust in the  air much like stepping onto the Kansas cow lands.
When they come apart for air, Dean noses Cas’s cheek gently. Both of them breathing heavily against each other. He feels Cas’s eyelashes flutter against his face. He backs away, only a little, “I’m a dumbass.”
Each pound of his heart, the darkness consumes, till all that is peaking out is those angelic blue eyes. Still looking. All Dean can do is watch hopelessly praying, and it wasn’t to God it was only to Cas. Please… please… no… over and over again.
Confusion illuminates the angel, Cas is confused most of the time here in the human world, but this is more. He tilts his head to the side. What did he do now? He thought they had already work through all the problems and tension that had been putting a strain on them.
Dean stands up from the booth leaving  the two love birds to their own devices. Maybe if Dean left them alone, they would confess their feelings. He doesn’t want to be a third wheel anymore, crowding in on their time.
"Anything for you Angel" Dean nuzzled the side of his head. Interlocking their fingers they moved on to the Ferris wheel. Where they would ride to the very top and kiss. Just like in those cheesy rom-coms Cas always made them watch; not that Dean would admit it but he secretly liked them.
Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.  That is what everyone says anyway, but what if your love was never returned is it still better to have loved, and to be in love. I can't tell anymore.
Dean bites his tongue trying not to blurt his carefully crafted speech, while the waiter takes their orders. Unnerved by the way he can’t have Cas’s hand in his own to calm himself. He stumbles over his order enough times to get a suspicious quirked eyebrow sent his direction from Bobby. Luckily though no one mentions it.
“So, I see it worked out” Sam snickered, pulling the two from their moment that had probably gone on way too long any way, but Dean couldn’t care less. The taller moose of a brother had entered the kitchen, and when Dean looked at him, he had a ridiculously smug smile on his face.
Dean flips through the book some more. Glancing up at Cas again who glances back, caught. There is only a scar left on the side of his neck where the empty had burnt him. When Dean sees it the guilt tugs at him again, and he looks away.
For a moment Cas didn't notice looking out to where they parked the impala. Dean got down on one knee holding the small ring between his fingers, clearing his throat to get Cas's attention.
“Dean” Cas asks, noticing him face down in the bed his arms clutched around Cas’s pillow, “Did you fall asleep? Are you tired?”
Hay is stacked in one of the corners a whole pile of it musty and old. As if it’s been rained on many times. A thin layer of dirt coats the concrete ground. Dim light streams in between the wooden slats of the wall. Posts stand tall supporting the tin roof above. All around there is an assortment of farming equipment, and other supplies. Cobwebs from corner to post, some hanging in bunches long since abandoned and ripped apart by the weather. A small door to a built-in closet at the back.
“I love it Dean” Cas say wrapping his arms around Dean, “I love you” he whispers to in Dean’s ear just loud enough for Dean to hear. Not for the act or for Dean’s family, just for him to hear.
As if exemplify his statement he reaches over with his free hand and brushes his fingertip down the feather.
Dean stands across from his dark haired father, his back ramrod straight. A soldier, and if Cas were a betting man, he would guess his face matched. John on the other hand, leaned leisurely against Baby a conceited smile on his face. Cas clenched his fists, digging his nails into his hand. Stalking to Dean's side.
Dean looks in the rearview mirror, there he sits. Those mesmerizing blue eyes looking back at him. His heart stutters in his chest, and he feels truly happy.
There a hint of sadness to Cas’s words though Dean could tell he tried to mask it with humor. Why though that is the question. Cas never inclined that he saw them as anything more, at least not completely.
"I'm just here for the free candy" Gabriel snickered, popping another handful of candy corn into his mouth.
Any second now Dean thought I’ll do it I’ll tell them. Any second he says again stirring the food on his plate. Mary’s casserole Dad’s favorite dish, for his birthday. The whole reason him Sammy, mom and Dad are all here together in the first place.
Giddily Dean pads down the stairs only after putting on a pair of fluffy Christmas socks. A smile eating his face. Christmas has always been a whirlwind of emotions for him. Each year is filled with mood swings from most of his family members. This year though he has Cas - sorta and pretty much nothing could ruin that.
Dean for a moment thought about what it would be like to take Cas home and introduce him as his boyfriend. That, that would be worth walking through hell in Dean’s opinion, “Yeah I do, how do I do it though. What am I supposed to say, hey guys guess what I’m bisexual and I’m in love with my- erm I mean I’m in love with dicks too.”
“No” Michael defends, stepping back with a shame-filled expression “It was a lapse of judgment. I admit-“
Luckily Sam is the first to arrive, and the three of them order drinks, after Dean embraces his brother in a tight hug. They chat idly for a time, though Dean doesn’t add much a few comments here and there but otherwise he just fidgets his eyes darting back and forth across the table. From the glossy floor beside the table to the bottles of ketchup and mustard in the center.  Cas links his pinky finger with Deans at some point during their conversation as if sensing Dean’s internal struggle. Sam keeps throwing reassuring looks his way as well. Which is helpful and overwhelming at the same time.
“Profound” Chuck mocks flinging him back once again. His body falls first landing stiffly onto the ground, then his head delivers the final blow cracking against a rock when it hits. When he opens his eyes, he sees two Dean’s that slowly morph back into just one storming towards God with rage.
Sam blushes, intertwining their fingers. Cas has the urge to do the same with Dean, but staves it off feeling as if it is not his place, “Well that’s true”
"We tell them that we realized our feelings while spending copious hours together in our dorm" Cas suggests robotically, a bit too stiffly with awkwardness.
Cas laughs pulling back, pointing to his beanie with his cloth clad finger “Don’t worry I have this covered.”
Jack eats some of his nougat he got when they stopped at the gas station before Michael. And paces the floor with his arms crossed when he finishes. They wait for Betty and the others to enter the room with the news, or rather the end of God’s story.
“This might sting a little” Jody speaks with a tender voice the kind his mother use to sound like when he was teaching Cas to ride a bike or reading a story to him late at night. She dabs the medicine-soaked cotton ball onto his freshly wounded skin, making Cas bite back a wince. Dean reaches out giving him a reassuring squeeze on his hand. It serves to relax or at least distract Castiel for a little bit. As Jody moves onto the next scrape once again dowsing it in Neosporin. Dean smooths a cookie monster band aid over each of the cuts, with gentle fingers gliding over the delicate skin. Until Cas is covered in an assortment of band aid’s and the pain has begun to ebb away. The only thing left is this overwhelming warmth spreading through his chest.
He flattens his lips with a shrug, “I like this new story. The two brothers meant to save the world, failing it. The angel-“ Chuck glares at Cas, and Cas glares right back, “Who was never supposed to be in the story. Still unable to save but one measly human.”
When Castiel looks up he has red around his eyes, he’s clutching a small blue feather in his hand. Not much bigger than a small bird’s feather would be. Dean wonders if he found another, he likes to collect feathers though Dean isn’t sure why. He thinks it’s nice.
Cas heard Dean shift on the seat before standing up. Standing behind him Dean gapped looking in the mirror. He brought his hand up just hardly grazing his fingers over the feathered out makeup, “Cas, wow, this is amazing. You look so beautiful, how did you even. You look like an angel. Can you do my makeup Damn”
“Stop” Cas halts Dean from their leisurely stroll, he giggles flopping down into the freshly fallen snow. Extending a hand up to Dean with a giggle “I want to be a real angel. Join me?”
There is such determination in his voice. Cas drops his head to Dean’s shoulder too as the grace drains away. Cas feels so raw in this moment. Holding each other in a close embrace. He feels the gentle kiss of Dean’s lips on his shoulder. Dean’s fingers tighten around the tan cloth, as Cas breath’s the life back into his fragile human.
With that Dean turned up the radio, effectively ending the conversation. Speeding the Impala down the road. Cas took it as a touchy subject and luckily for Dean didn't bring it up again the rest of the drive.
The sentiment barely registered in his mind, and yet still played in a repetitive loop over and over. He changed this angel, a heavenly being of purity and light, he affected him.
“Uhg” Dean gasps in disbelief and the rise of confidence is worth it to Cas. He pushes Cas back, with a lighthearted scowl “You traitor”
All the anger disappears from Cas in an instant as takes Dean’s face in his hands, “Dean you are one of the most intelligent men I have ever met. You may not have gone to college like your brother but that doesn’t mean you aren’t smart. You solve cases everyday Dean. You care about people and show them kindness. Helping people and saving them. You Dean Winchester are so much more than a grunt, and you are not a killer. I know you Dean, more than I have ever known anyone in my entire existence. Your soul burns brighter than any soul I have ever seen. You are worthy, if anyone should be at question for their worthiness it should be me. So yes my list is about you, and everything in it is true. Everything I love about you.”
Feeling a little better, he finally looks to his father. He hasn’t even realized how close he’d caved into Cas until he turns, and they brush shoulders. John’s face remains passive, with a blank expression. Suddenly Dean is grateful for Cas’s closeness. His anxiety thrums against his chest as he waits for something. Worry builds in him, John’s silence usually mean’s something is coming. Something loud, angry, and probably violent, Dean is just grateful he is only drinking a soda and not a beer.
Shaking his head a sad sort of laughter came from his throat “No I mean - god Cas.” He tugged at his hair “when you said if I told them I could bring home the perfect person and introduce them as my boyfriend. All I could think was you. But I know you don’t feel the same so what’s the point.”
Cas nods his head leaning against Jack whose supporting his weight that isn’t resting on the impala.
Dean stretches with a yawn only to be met with an empty space where Cas had been. He blushes at his memories of last night, part of him thinks maybe it had been a dream. But the overwhelming smell of Cas on him proved otherwise.
The constant trepidation, eating him up. Dean shifted in his seat again. Studying the table in front of him but not daring to look up at his families faces. The square table had a white runner across the middle and a single orange rose in a small vase in the center.
Hours pass without much commotion or excitement. Minus the movement to clean up the wrapping paper and put on a Christmas movie. The occasional filtering in and out of Mary, John and Bobby as they work on the Christmas feast. Checking the ham, and putting a few of the side dishes in the oven to warm.
Dean started working on the engine, Cas admiring him as he worked, glaring at girls that walked past. Little to Dean’s knowledge.
Regardless the emotional moment the brothers shared permeates the air and is broken when Dean gives him a light apology for giving up. Everything seems to fall back in place. Team free will 2.0.
Jack doesn’t even have the opportunity to respond, as Michael appears behind Lucifer. Pulling the blade from his back, he waits for the devil to turn around, his eyes flashing red “You don’t learn”
Though the feeling Dean is trying his best to pretend isn’t there, has returned. He will see the case through, he won’t give up on something like this.
“We made gingerbread cookies this morning, me, Cas, and Mary. Technically Cas and Mary made them I just helped decorate” Dean chimes happily, instead showing off the sorta badly decorated cookies on the counter.
The stranger cracked a large smile, one that Dean hoped he would get the pleasure of seeing time and time again "I love flying, my name is Castiel by the way this is my friend Charlie" he introduced pointed to the red-haired girl he was previously talking to.
“Come on Dean” Cas says, turning to the freckled face man behind him, a palm held out. Dean takes his dashing husband’s hand, a clink as their silver rings hit against each other.
Cas walks along the road guided by the lamp posts and then by the moon light as he makes his way out of town to the hidden bunker. A light mist of rain has gathered by the time he reaches the doorway, clouds building for an impending downpour.
He grabs two frosted sugar cookies out of the clear plastic container from Walmart.  One red and the other green. Christmasy he shakes his head.
"You need to giv'her a wax Dean, look at the shit on my car" John stabbed rubbing his finger over the shiny black metal. Which definitely didn't need a waxing.
Cas watches as Dean spins Melissa his heart swelling as it does every time he sees the two people he loves the most happy. Dean plops her onto his hip, and she looks up at her other dad, through thick eyelashes, her green eyes sparkling.
Cas turns to Dean and places a hand on his friends’ shoulder, “Dean” Dean whips his head over to look at Cas “We are friends. I don’t mind listening to your family ‘crap’ as you call it.”
I'm never this awkward even around a cute guy Dean thought. Mentally slapping himself for existing like this.
The impala’s tires screech to a halt, spinning slightly on the wet slick road. Dean scrambles out of the driver’s seat. Heart pounding rapidly in his chest, fear and hope. All spiking in his mind.
"Um Cas" Dean coughs, scooting away. But Cas just trails with him, the blankets moving him. Falling into where Dean dips the bed.
Cas would have done this in the daytime with Dean, but he wanted it to be a surprise. Not only because he had trouble getting to sleep lately now that he became human. Sleeping is complicated and annoying sometimes.
“I love you, Dean Winchester,” Castiel said once they pulled apart, brushing away the single tear that fell from Dean’s eye.
“Wait for it” Lucifer winks at them. Silence still hovers as she lays there stiff as a bored. Dean raises his eyebrow.
“Alright” Sam pockets his machete back into the loop of his jean’s “Let’s go get those kids get em out of here”
Jo piped in from where she sat watching the grinch "He's with his girlfriend, Elieen, he'll be back tomorrow for Christmas morning though."
It had been the most he had seen his mother smile, genuine smile since she had been tied to her bed and those machines. Her dulling blue eyes seemed to brighten just slightly each time the bird chirped.
“Take Jack home. We are doing this-” Dean snaps glaring at the ground instead of the angel. Cas burns his eyes into Dean just with as much willpowered stubbornness as the hunters own. He may have broken their bond with his confession, but he won’t let him die, “Calling that bastard, giving him what he wants.”
After greeting them, John makes his way to Bobby taking a beer from him. While Mary reluctantly places Melissa down to talk with Ellen.
Their first interaction and Dean knew Castiel was something special, at least to him. His eyes were by far the most striking color of the blue he had ever seen. He always wore this old tan trench coat; over anything he wore. It made no difference summer, winter, rain, or shine he always wore it.
His lips softer than any feeling Dean could have conjured up. Tasting like peppermint and sleep. Their lips move to their own accord, synchronised heartbeats passing between their spit. Dean slips into the feeling easily. Every fiber of his being torn away until all that is left is Cas.
This time when Dean watches the snowflakes fall, all he can feel is happiness and warmth. Poeticness be damn. He holds this moment as Christmas ushers his family in, Cas especially.
They walk down the center of the barn. Looking this way and that for any sign of the two boys, or their deadly captors.
“Wait” Dean huffs, pushing back Cas’s hands. Cas stops concern growing in his eyes wondering if he is moving too fast “Not here. Not like this”
Dean and Sam stand on the street in front of the impala where Cas is leaning to hold himself up. They act as a wall of defense against him. Jack stands off in the distance, shoulders hunched.
“I did what I did because it was the right thing to do” Michael defends himself heatedly, “Not to get his love.”
Then tugs Cas along to the living room, after grabbing them both a sugary treat. Followed by the rest of the family with their cinnamon rolls awkwardly shuffling along. Last enters John.
"Really, I can believe that." Cas chuckles imagining a sleeping baby Dean. Pushing the longing away for a future Cas to deal with. He sets his mug down on the counter with a small clank, "Would you like some help."
“Sweet nothings?” Cas questioned with a tilt of his head cutting Dean off. He pulled a chair over to converse with Dean as he did so.
Birds can be heard chirping from a distance the first sign of life, it fills Dean with hope. He looks at the sky when a crow fly’s past, and gasps. Watching as it disappears into the distance. When he looks back down people stand all around where they once were talking, jumping, driving, eating, simply living. Dean never thought there would be a day where he was so glad to hear the streets full of life and talking. Never thought he would be happy to see a place bustling with so many people and so much life.
He bit his lip waiting for an answer watching as Cas’s eyes widened before he answered a breathy ”yes”
"What if I pretended to be your boyfriend?" Cas blurts out before he can stop himself, and realize what a monumentally bad idea it is.
Once inside the host takes them to their table in the quaint dinner. For the weekend it’s not too busy. A few other families around, and a handful of straggler loners at the bar, but otherwise the chatter is low.
Sam crinkled his eyebrows in confusion, and Dean heard him start to tap his foot beneath the table nervously, "what do you mean, surely you couldn't have done anything that bad you're finally together after all these years of pining"
When the dusty brown floorboards creak giving way to his feet, Cas looks at Dean. Just now noticing the redness on the rim beneath his eyes, which he swears wasn’t there before. Could it be…
"Sure you can help me finish making these cinnamon rolls, if you'd like." Mary offers, gesturing to the rolled out dough.
"No, what did you say?" Dean says firmer, a rasp to his voice. Approaching Cas across the small room.
The heated stare on Cas's face remains but Dean, he isn't sure what to think. In his whole life he has never heard his father utter anything resembling an apology, and now he's apologizing twice at one time.
Chuck turns, pushing back against Dean shoving him beside his brother  “Really Dean you are trying to defend him, when you know it’s true.”
Cas stumbled stoically to his bed crumpling into a ball. He blocked everything out just staring at the wall. Tracing each little crack, and bump.
The rest of the night Cas can’t even bring himself to care that he has to make himself dinner again, happy to see Dean.
“You can come with us Castiel. We always need the help.” Amara speaks last minute, flickering her eyes to Dean for a second. Dean scrunches his face in confusion. While Jack agrees.
"You should not be the one apologizing, and I am not the one who deserves an apology," Cas states simply, going back to work on the sprinkling. If it had been anything else, Cas would have accepted the apology and moved on but Dean deserved better than that. Real boyfriend or fake.
“Let me see that” Crowley grinned maliciously, snatching the feather from Castiel’s hand. He regarded the feather, one that Castiel had begun to think of as his most prized possession, a spark of amusement flickered behind his cruel eyes. With a flick of his hand, he threw the feather to the ground right into a small puddle, raising his foot above it.
“Shh it’s alright” Dean rubbed circles into Cas’s back, as he sobbed into his chest “It’s going to be okay”
“Fuck Cas, I just wanted to go caroling, with my boyfriend - fake boyfriend” Dean saves himself laughing bitterly, at both his father and the situation.
Shoving the key in the ignition, he peels out of the garage, hoping a drive will calm him. Settle the tears begging to rise.
Dean slipped the ring on his finger. wrapping one hand around Cas’s neck and the other around his back, with Cas’s on his face. He kissed him with a long loving kiss, maybe the best kiss they’ve ever had. He could feel the cold metal band against his cheek. Around them, little aw’s and clapping came but they didn’t notice that either. All they knew was the taste of cotton candy and pie.
"Here," Cas said, removing his oversized tan trench coat wrapping it around both of their shoulders. The crisp autumn air had little effect on the couple buried in their cocoon of warmth.
Cas felt himself pale a little bit this isn't how it was supposed to go. He was just supposed to leave and he would send Dean a letter after he was long gone; one he still hadn't found the words to write but still one nonetheless.
“I don’t understand” Cas pulled away after a few more minutes of them just holding each other. His face drawn up in disbelief, like he was the one who thought Dean could never love him back and not the other way around, “is this a djinn dream?”
Dean stops pacing and looks at Cas, whose faced his direction toying with the belt of his trench coat, “I – I can fix this. Jack can pull the grace back out of me. You can be an angel again. I promise.”
Dean knows it won't be a problem much longer because they are going to go back home and this, their hands interlaced will be lost. But he doesn't want to put Cas through anything more the rest of the week.
John shook his head narrowing his eyes “no, no we can fix this. I won’t have no son of mine, with another - man” he spat out the word with venom laced on his tongue.
They all look at each other, Cas to Dean, Jack to Sam, Michael to Dean, Dean to Sam, all around. Moving ever so slightly with anxious energy. Yet no one looks at Lucifer.
Out the door, into the garage, into baby. He leans his head against the steering wheel trying to gain some sort of composure.
"Thank you sir" Cas nods, stepping back from Dean as a sign of reconciliation. Looking at Dean in question "I do forgive what you have said to me, but for Dean..."
Cas scoots away from Dean up the wall leaning heavily into, the pain finally reeling back to him. Dean lets him go, answering the phone. Cas watches as the storminess grows on Dean’s face.
Dean grins looking at both Jody and Donna, “Yeah they are pretty great, taken care of me since um anyways.”
Unsure if he should break this calm silence around them Dean sits for a minute just letting Cas be. When Cas sniffles into the sleeves of his sweater, Dean speaks, “I didn’t see you at the park earlier.”
"I can't" Dean cuts Sam off, his voice coming out desperate, "I can't because I got to kiss him, and be with him. I thought I was in love before but now... It's something even better, and I'm realizing we are going to go back home soon. I am going to lose all this, and I can't go back to the way things were. I can't pretend my heart isn't shattered into a thousand pieces because I can never kiss his lips again. I don't know what to do."
It is a risky, selfish game he's been playing, or more accurately has been playing him One that neither Cas or Dean deserved. Cas didn't deserve to be taken advantage of like that, when he didn't know how Dean feels. At some point they were going to go home where Dean won't be able to hold his hand, or cuddle in his arms, or kiss his plush lips... he nearly choked at that thought.
He almost drank himself to death because he is upset with Cas liking him. And now here he is invading Dean’s personal space.
Cas nods, with a thoughtful look on his face, the one that he once drunkenly told Dean he had been counting the freckles on his face. This thought still made Dean blush even after all these months together, “Of course Dean. I just want to be here for you, and I want to meet your family.”
Had Dean not been panicking internally he would have thought the quotes were cute. Currently though his heart was sinking to his feet “Oh”
Dean just sat blinking as Cas rambled explaining things and tracing the pattern on his leg. He didn’t think he’d ever heard Cas talk so much at one time, “What.”
“The angel is right” The shadow sneers at Jack whose lips are tugged into a frown, arms crossed over his chest, “Casstiel is my property. He belongs here with me. Asleep! Asleep forever! We made a deal! The angel is mine!” The shadow screams through black goo, it’s presence ever daunting as it approaches Jack. A sinister expression covers the goo where a face would be.
“Good, really good.” Cas says taking John’s coat to hang on the rack. Things with John really improved over the years after their first Christmas. The way he treats Dean and his views on their relationship. Though there are still issues that occur every so often and fights that are inevitable. They always end up reconciling. Things are different, John is different, it didn’t happen overnight but it did happen.
Dean flares his nostrils, baring his teeth, “Shut up you dick.” The words splinter off like the blunt end of a knife, “We are going to do it. I’ll kill Sam, He’ll kill me. Hell, we’ll kill each other.”
Can you blame him though they have been friends since 7th grade. Sure it’s more than that because Dean realized he was hopelessly in love with his best friend freshman year of college. Yeah he had jumped at the chance to move in with him a year later. But none of that matter more than the hope he now has after Cas broke up with his long term boyfriend Balthazar a few months back.
Dean sits up slowly, a frown on his face “I was just about to come find you. I wanted to talk, but I just” he gestures the bed, “you know bed”
The only real thing that had kept Dean going, was the fact that the other three were still there. He didn’t know what he would do if any of them were gone. He doesn’t know what he would do if -
“All right well that’s a good thing, ‘cause the man had no love to give –“ Lucifer says as if it is a joke with only a hint of bitterness behind his words.
As if sensing his tenseness Dean halted his words, "Can't wait to meet'er," Dean cleared his throat "Me and Cas better get unpacked 'fore John and Bobby get here."
“While you were out with Jack at the diner, me and Dean were watching you.” Sam says walking over to the shelves in the garage, as he explains. He grabs one of his new tomato plants he was planning to plant this summer off the shelf, bringing it to Jack. He holds it in front of the Nephilim, “As you used your powers, we noticed something, it seemed as if your power was feeding directly to Jack. We weren’t sure until you walked away and the plants around Jack started dying, as if he’d became some sort of power vacuum.”
“Quit it John” Bobby roared, the other diners snapping their heads towards the table. It wasn’t often you saw bobby mad, gruff? Sure. But mad, “That boy ain’t broken, he ain’t ruined. He is strong, and confident, and he has this man beside him who loves and supports him. I couldn’t be prouder of the man he has grown into and become. If you can’t see that if you can’t accept him or support him for who he is and who he loves. Then maybe you are the one who is broken John. Not him.”
Cas caught Dean's eye as they giggled from the fast movement, wind-whipped leaves around them. Suddenly the tractor slowed to a stop and they were still staring lost in each other's eyes. Cas reached pulling a leaf from Dean's hair, "a leaf"
“Then we will deal with it together” Cas states firmly sliding across the Impala’s bench seat to press a soft kiss to Dean’s lips. Which Dean quickly melts into, though the tension in his shoulders isn’t completely lost.
But he couldn’t resist Dean’s lopsided grin. He had never seen him so happy so instead Cas intertwined their fingers. Tapping the eyeliner stick against his boyfriend chest “Don’t you want to go to the Halloween party”
Dean, Sam, and Cas’s head back towards the library where Jack is watching over Lucifer. Making sure he isn’t up to no good.
”I’m sorry” Cas hung his head in shame, letting go of Dean’s hand. Putting some distance between the two of them, ”I won't act on it I promise. We can still be friends; this doesn’t change anything. Please Dean don't push me away”
Somehow this felt worse than the panic, than the not knowing about this thing going on between them. The flat-out rejection seemed to suck the air out of every corner of the kitchen. Leaving Dean with burning lungs, and an aching feeling in his chest. In that moment he wondered if it was possible to die of a broken heart, maybe he should ask one of the reapers, maybe he wouldn’t have to.
He lets the angel go with a bright shade of red high on his cheeks. Sam rolls his eyes and the three get in the impala.
Mary holds out her hands grubbily taking the child from Dean. Both Mary and John coo over her, as she giggles with excitement. Joyous about all the spoiling she has gotten today, from the Singers, Gabe, and Sam and Eileen.
"Go help Mary in the kitchen, or stay here and watch the movie," Dean says after popping up on his feet. Pushing down both of Cas's hands which he is holding, "Me and Sammy can do the table"
Dean’s eyes widened a moment at Castiel’s words till he saw the stupid grin on his face. Throwing back on his flirtatious confidence, he wriggled his eyebrows “I guess you’ll just have to wait and see, lover boy.”
“You’re going to juice back up though right” Dean asks still holding Castiel’s hand the warm liquid dripping down his arm.
Just as Sam opens his mouth most likely to chide Dean or question him even about what happened between the two. Dean walks away too.
“We’re screwed” Dean says, then leans his head back against the cold tiled wall, closing his eyes. Jaw tight and shoulders tense. Speaking of if they make it, he’s going to need a massage and maybe a weeklong spa trip too. Girlyness be damn, just as long as it’s not ran by any fish-taco monsters.
Cas removes Dean’s hands from his ears the ghost of a laugh on his lips as well. Internally he is screaming but externally he enjoys being the confident one for once, “You know I like that one the best too”
”Sammy, Cas” Dean yells walking into the bunker not even a few moments later, luckily, it’s about supper time.
He settles against the head board opening the hard cover to where he last stopped. Effortlessly he falls into the fictional world. Cas doesn’t even look up when the door opens and Dean steps inside too caught up in one of the characters domestic moments at an old diner.
Dean watches this man – this angel before him, in shuttering silence, time slowed, layers peeled away to just the two of them and that moment. The slow repetitive banging from the door, deaf to Dean’s ears.
The rest of the downstairs is decorating in red, green, and blue. Even going so far as to have fake snowflakes covering each of the windows.
It felt as though every moment had led them to this one kiss. In this perfect moment. Hands tangled up in each other’s hair, passion sparking between them.
Cas continues his quest to Dean’s room, after a brief chat about school and books with Sam. He likes Sam he’s always fun to nerd out with; not that Dean isn’t because he is a closeted nerd, but he just doesn’t express it as easily. Sam is academic, very pumped to go to college, not unlike Cas himself. He likes to learn, read, and write.
Cas grabs onto his outstretched hand, pulling himself onto the hay-filled trailer. He stumbles into Dean's arms looking up with a sheepish smile, one which Dean returns soft and light. He presses a kiss atop Cas's forehead before letting him go.
Instead, he focuses on the plants around him, he watches as they wilt in a matter of seconds. As he gets closer to the diner, the wilting of the plants follow him.
“Alright there’s time for that later,” Dean says quietly winking back, ignoring the way his face is burning at the implication “Now get on with unwrapping yours”
Sam doesn’t say anything, and Dean doesn’t look at him. He already knows what he will find, that judgmental - Dean you’re a dumbass - look on his face. The one he seems to wear a lot. When the bell above the door chimes, and Castiel limps in, trying to mask his painful expression, Dean thinks he deserves that look.
“No, you aren’t” Cas yells, grabbing his side with a pained expression, though his voice wavers he doesn’t relent “Chuck isn’t getting what he wants. Sam”
All three of them wrapped perfectly around Castiel, like a sleepy burrito. All nestled into the blankets. Cas clutching the blankets to his chest.
Still even with all his knowledge of his feelings for the righteous man, he wrote these in the book that way Dean would never know. Dean could never push him away just because he didn't feel the same. Because ultimately, he never would, but that is okay. The point is Cas is in love; even if Dean never knows at least he has this. He has their friendship.
He shifts in the bed an icy chill breezing over his bare skin. He shivers only a single piece of blanket over his waist. He tugs at the blankets sleepily, but each of them are weighed down.
Normally Cas did his make up when he knew Dean was going to be gone. He never wore it out of the house though.
Removing the hunter’s shoes and jacket from his passed out body. He gently tucks him under the covers careful not to slosh his head too much.
“I’m okay Dean, I’m not dying I’m just weak.” Cas speaks cutting off the hunter, his voice a raspy whisper.
John slams his fork down onto his plate not loud enough to stir the surrounding diners but enough to send his message, “That’s my point” John spits at Cas, “I knew- I knew the first day I walked into that apartment when they were just roommates how Castiel looked at him. I knew he would ruin him even more. The boy was already so weak, practically worthless even from a young age.”
Dean looked down to eyes widening as he quickly dropped them, “right um-“ he cleared his throat ducking his head to hide the red on his face. But Cas didn’t notice or if he did, didn’t mind because he began shoving things into his brown canvas bag.
Michael’s voice grows deeper “Castiel made it out alive, what happened when the empty came to collect on his deal. You both seem different; something must have happened.”
“I think we should be able to start it now” Dean backed away from the engine after a couple more moments, wiping the sweat from his forehead.
Just as they lapse into a comforting silence, the trail begins to widen out and there are a few kids standing by a small pond their toes dipped in the water. Cas watches as Dean waves to the tallest one, dropping their hands as he does.
“Cas has tried to teach me but the best I can do is, ‘hello’” Dean says a bit sadly, weakly signing ‘hello’.
“Um guys” Dean gathers his family’s attention, swallowing down the nervous lump in his throat. Bobby and Sam’s conversation dies off. John turns towards him.
Dean shakes his head “god no Cas, this is isn’t a one time thing. This - this is everything. Today, tomorrow, everyday. I want to spend every Christmas with you.”
“No Cas” Dean shook his head walking over and placing a hand on his shoulder. He didn’t ever want anyone to spend a Christmas like that, “spend it with me... and Sam and Bobby. Shit even invite Gabriel.”
“Yeah. Looks like Chuck didn’t get everything,” Dean raises the dog as he speaks, gaining the attention of both Castiel, and the Nephilim inside the shop, “Maybe he missed some people too.”
Cas nods for lack of anything else. His head swimming with shock. All his brainpower focused on not freaking out about Dean touching his lips. Their eyes drilling into each other's souls... for a moment.
When they fall apart it feels as if it has been years in that single moment, just them and their kisses in the middle of rain in the pouring rain.
“Do you actually mean all of that you want to be with me forever, grow old, be boyfriends?” Cas asked in between gentle kisses, only a slight bit of trepidation remaining.
With that the brothers mutter out a rueful “fine” and the brotherly banter stops, much to the rest of the family’s disappointment.
“Um right” Sam pulls her forwards, signing “This is my girlfriend Eileen, Eileen this is Dean and that’s Cas - Castiel. You know the rest of them.” He gestures to each respective person as he signs and speaks.
Calmer Sam continues, noticing the rattled expression Dean wears, “When you look at me it’s like you’re looking straight through me. You’re my brother. This isn’t healthy Dean. So, get your head out of your ass and pray to him.”
Of course, he would realize he likes Cas when he finds out the angel likes Sam. His own brother for Chuck’s sake.
Dean furrows his eyes brows, glaring at him. If he got out of the empty who else did, he was certain that it died, or didn’t exist anymore after Billie was taken.
Dean hesitated for a moment before speaking "It's fun, the wind whips around y -" his words got caught in his throat by the brightest blue eyes looking at him. The boy was strikingly handsome, his impish eyes, the first starting of stubble on his sculpted jaw. Dean coughed regaining his composure "The wind whips around you with the smell of fall, and you get to see the array of colors on the trees. Then you end up at the carnival."
He revs the engine of the impala with a huff, slamming his hands against the steering wheel. Sammy can’t understand he got Eileen back. He got to tell her I love you too. He got to kiss her. He got to hold her again. He gets to have his happy apple pie life. He doesn’t know. He doesn’t know how Cas saved him. He doesn’t know what it’s like knowing he’ll never see him again, not even in death. Sammy will never understand.
To which Cas squints his eyes, scanning over Dean’s body. Adonis level beauty as always. One leg tucked in the couch at a bowed angle and the other is draped precariously over the cloth clad arm, “pot, kettle my bisexual friend”
The rest of the town isn’t much prettier, most of the homes are small with paint peeling away at the edges and decorations; that Cas mostly thinks look like junk cover the front lawns. There are a few fast-food places which coat the air with a thick smell of fried food, only intensifying the hunger in Cas’s belly. With a sigh Cas pulls into a diner the barely lit neon sign reading ‘Stacey’s Restaurant’. He digs around in the truck, finding a few dollars shoved in various places, and a five.
“You are welcome Cas and Dean it’s Sam, not Sammy” Sam corrects, throwing him a bitch face, “by the way thanks for the books, didn’t know you knew who Fitzgerald was.”
Cas looks to Sam pleading. He didn’t save Dean just so he could give up, it wasn’t the Winchester way.
“When God left heaven. I was so certain of his return.” Michael says solemnly looking to Castiel as he continues “I made certain all angels and prophets burnished his image on earth.”
“Cas” Dean calls not believing the sight in front of him. He blinks through the onslaught of rain pellets, and he is still there.
“Here” Dean says, pushing a present into Cas’s hands once he runs out. Unlike Mary’s pristine wrapping, this one is much sloppier. Tape sticking around, pieces folded the wrong way, and even the corner of the gift sticking from the wrapping paper, “this is for you.”
Though it had been clear before just how much Chuck had taken, it wasn’t until that moment that the thick clouds of hopelessness closed over them. The air became grainy and stale, but the two just breathed in the stiff dust. In and out. In and out.
“I agree” Cas says, clasping his hands in front of himself over the dining table “I even saw him dancing around the house in his socks while listening to his Walkman. What do you think is wrong with him?”
”It doesn’t matter Cas” Dean grumbles not meeting his eyes. Instead he looks at their intertwined hands. Feeling utterly ashamed and selfish. Here he is ruining yet another person’s life. Castiel is supposed to be out happy with Sam, but no Dean can’t even keep his emotions in check. They probably hate him for it too.
The trees were perfect shades of oranges and reds; a few just nearly dipping into brown as they cascaded from the limbs. Everything swirled around them, a mix of cinnamon, hay, and dry leaves. The bales of hay jiggled beneath them as the tires rolled over rivets in the dirt path.
Gently he places the white feather back in the inside pocket of his coat where it had once been. Still looking at the black feather, as he makes his way back to the abandoned swing set.
Dean jotted down the note, anxiously tapping his pen against the paper “and can I get your name for the cup”
Dean scrunches his face up painfully pointing to his back. The movements making it hurt all the more, “There’s something in my” he stutters “Something in my back. It feels like it’s right through me.”
“Awesome!” Dean grins from ear to ear, plopping the hat on his head. With a signature swipe on the brim, he asks in a seductive manner, raising an eyebrow to Cas, “how do I look?”
Dean’s breath hitches, he pushes himself away off baby’s hood. He paces shoving his hand through his hair, “Damn it Cas” Dean roars.
“Why come to a coffee shop if you don’t like coffee” Dean choked out Charlie’s words ringing in his mind, his cheeks burned. It couldn’t be because of him Cas had been coming even before Dean started working.
Cas sighs he should have saw this coming “Yeah they are quite good, the two of you should try them” his voice comes out more despondent than he had hoped it would. At least it doesn’t sound jealous, he hopes that everyone just thinks he is tired.
"Maybe just without the 'copious', don't want my parents to think my boyfriend is too smart for me." Something about the word boyfriend rolls off his tongue in just the right way. As if it were normal and fit. Of course, maybe that was just because Dean wanted to fit the square peg into the round hole, and he no longer has the strength of a mere toddler.
That’s when the two boys poke their heads up from behind the impala. Both look petrified. Dean drops his anger. Sam holster’s his machete, beckoning the boys towards  him. The two run to him tossing their arms around him as they cry.
Dean squints, then flicks his eyes in Cas’s direction vaguely acknowledging his presence. Back to Jack running a hand over his face “Wait I thought you were all powered down. How are you sensing anything?”
“See for yourself” Sam says dropping the open God Book on the ground in front of him. They all look down on him watching as he flips through the blank pages, his fingers groping the pages frantically. There is no compassion in their gazes not for Chuck.
Miracle jumps into Dean’s arms, thrashing around with excitement. Dean buries his face in the dog’s mane, grinning widely.
Yes he’s pathetic, he knows it. Always calling or texting Cas when he’s not doing well because he knows it’ll make him smile.
“No, I still believe.” Cas paused letting out what Dean recognized as his sad sigh before continuing “one day when you find the perfect guy like... Don’t you want to be able to take them home and show your family”
Castiel follows, Dean, and Michael into the bunker when they return. He tried to argue that it was unwise to trust the Archangel, but no one would hear it. Claiming he was their best bet, and Dean gave him that look like he knew something Castiel didn’t. So, the angel shut up about it, waiting for his explanation.
“Sorry” Sam says sheepishly with his puppy dog eyes. It’s not entirely his fault though, that he is more excited to see Cas. Dean doesn’t have anyone else, except his larping friend Charlie, to talk nonstop about his unrequited love too, “I missed you guys”
If Sam know anything about Dean, he knows Dean won’t express himself so quickly especially when he is in one of his moods. They will be lucky if Dean ever tells them what is going on. ‘No chick flick moments’ and all that.
The nothingness fades behind the shuddering of Castiel’s eye lids, a sleep dragging him back down. Like hands gripping his shoulders, his arms, his legs, pulling him down.
Cas fidgets with his sweats and the Zepp tee Dean let him borrow, once again. Anxiously waiting for Dean to change into his sleepwear as well. He touches his lips, remembering the kiss they shared just an hour ago. His heart fluttering in his chest. A stampede of thoughts going in his head, because it felt so real.
"Don't pout buddy. Look it's only an hour left on the road, and I need all the boost of energy I can get. I still haven't told my parents that I'm not bringing someone home after Benny dumped my ass." Dean confesses.
Even though the empty was gone for good with the rest of the souls who went there including both Lucifer and Michael. The Nephilim dedicated a space all their own in heaven for the fallen cosmic beings. A place of peace even for them, the ones who deserved it at least. Those of them left.
Dean didn’t have to speak for his words to be loud and clear the defeated look on his face spoke louder than any words could have. All Cas could think in that moment as he watches the beautiful tragedy of Dean’s tears unfold was
Dean looked down just now noticing the scrawling beneath it all that said Cas. His face flushed a deep shade of scarlet again, this time from something other than anger. Dean read it again just to make sure his eyes weren’t betraying him, then the sweet nothings. Cas did this. Cas the former billion-year-old hardly understands  pop culture references angel did this. Cas the doesn’t understand the concept of pranks did this. Why? It couldn’t be because… this had to be a misunderstanding. He wouldn’t feel like that? He isn’t g- the ‘I am utterly indifferent to sexual orientation’ former angel. Maybe he did understand but why now, how could? No Cas didn’t look at him like that. Dean was happy to leave his feelings shoved in the dark corner of his mind repressed for the rest of his life just like the other ten plus years he’d known the sex-haired man. Because no just no. Dean is to far gone for some like Cas.
“We imprinted our devotion to God unto humanity. Our devotion to who we thought him to be, has endured.”
“Yes” Dean puffs out his chest, then deflates, “No – I don’t know” he lets his hands go again. Walking back towards the impala. He picks up the first aid kit. Fumbling with it as he walks to the trunk. It falls from his hands busting open, all the things scattering across the ground. Dean crouches down grabbing at them.
“I know this has been really hard for you, but I am happy that you are willing to introduce me to your family as your boyfriend” Cas says after a minute of silence listening to the slow rumble of the parked impala.
Michael looks to each of them individually, dramatizing the situation further. Dean crosses his arms over his chest, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree he supposes. Finally, the archangel looks back down to the book his eyes glowing with a light blue light, he places his hand over the book. Dean drops his arms as the outlines on the book begin to glow with the same light. For a split second he thinks maybe this will work. But Michaels hand begins to shake, and he groans lowly pushing his grace further into his hand. Still the light of his grace dims and then all together it flashes out. He shakes his head “I’m sorry.”
Somewhere he heard that people that love each other give each other hearts and things on valentines day. Which was only two days away. Sure Cas loved Dean in a different way, a romantic way which he knew the green eyed man would never reciprocate. The cards and things in the store for the holiday didn’t seem strictly romantic, some were familia love, he even seen one for just friends. If that was all Cas could get then he would take it.  Growing old now with him, even as platonic as it may be is enough. Dean had made it clear that this wouldn’t be like last time that he would never kick Cas out the bunker again. Graceless or not. Cas was glad for it, he wasn’t sure he could handle his regained human status without a home again.
Then the frown was replaced with an upturn of the lips not quite a smile, “Alright then come on in. No more sir - call me Bobby. Dean is upstairs.” He pats Cas on the back guiding him into the house which is immediately met with a set of stairs, “With his dad” Bobby continued in a whisper Cas was too distracted to hear.
Dean didn’t want to go though, he wanted to pull Cas to his chest. He wanted to hold him in his arms and whisper in his ears that Cas is beautiful, that everything is okay. He didn’t though after Cas dropped his dejected look and nodded in agreement.
”Oh my love birds” Bobby rolls his eyes but without contempt ”aren’t you two just straight off the hallmark channel.”
“Help me put it on” Cas says holding out his wrist, eyes shining with joy and care. Which is only serving to confuse the hell out of Dean wondering if this is still fake or not. His brain telling him otherwise.
This time Dean tugs harder at the blankets. Still they don't budge. Gently he rolls over prying Cas's death grip off of the blankets, pushing his arm back over. He rolls back over pulling all three blankets with him. Until he has each of them completely covering him. Instantly he smiles his eyes half lidded with sleep feeling warmer, the heat trapped with their two bodies under the blankets.
“It’s ship names mom. The names of two people in a relationship or who people think should be are smashed together. For example, Dean and Castiel, Destiel. Or Jo and Anna, Jonna”
“Dad. Please. We- I don’t want you here anymore – not like this –“ Dean says his voice is a pathetic whisper. When Cas peaks around the corner, he is standing coward behind a large man with dark hair and a small scruff on his face.
On the way to Dean’s real house, Anna is colder than she had been the day before, which doesn’t do anything to calm the nerves building inside. He has never slept over at anyone else’s house before. Except when he went to Jody’s but that felt different, he already knew them, and he had no trouble with either of Dean’s sorta mom’s.
Asherah pulls her youngest son to her chest, “Because baby sometimes we have to set the ones we love free. We have to let them fly away.”
Dean shook his head, tapping his thumb against the steering wheel, glancing at Cas, "I know it was almost a month ago. It's not like that, I never fell in love with Benny and you know we are still friends. It's just mom was so excited to meet my boyfriend, and Dad I wanted to stick it to Dad, that being Bi isn't fake, y'know."
Dean heads to the men’s room, as Sam stays behind to fill the gas tank. Jack walks by him to the shop area. The neon sign flickering as it burns out, from staying on too long with no one to turn it off. Dean notices Cas stays behind looking out at the world with a frown. Most of his wounds have healed by now, just left with the scars to turn anew. The hunter can’t imagine what it is like for him, an angel who was once connected with every being. Someone who watched lifetimes of energy, people, a full world constantly bursting at the seams. Each with their own stories, changes. Now left with nothing, connected to nothing but the three of them.
“why” Deans voice slurred slightly as Cas wrapped his arms around him ”Why do people care, why does he care? It's not their life. I don’t understand. Why is it wrong, because our genitals are the same. I don’t understand.”
"Oh.. oh m-my go-d" Cas cackled out looking at his chest. Clutching his stomach with tears in his eyes, "Your r-righ-t we-hehee do-oohhoo nee.. to w-eearr the-the..m"
Cas smiles at his son. A happy ache burning in his chest. Though Jack looks nearly the same as he always has, there are creases on his face as if he’s been through a lot, grown. Crinkles around his eyes, dark shadows beneath them, and a commanding presence. A newfound confidence which hadn’t been there before, with his child-like demeanor.
Once Cas finished his last doodle on Dean’s leg, he signed his name beside the work, leaving a little room in case other people wanted to draw on it. Satisfied by the work coming together he stood back admiring it for a  moment.
Castiel feels like the missing piece of him clicks. Part of him wishes this were actually real because it feels so much like home. Like family, something he hasn't had for years. It warms him somewhere deep, convincing him maybe he can have this. The way that Dean looks at him, he thinks maybe he isn't the only one not playing pretend but, it's all an act for Dean. His thoughts remind him.
It was always lonely in Cas’s house, despite it’s large size, and the influx of people roaming in and out of it there to either see one of his brothers or his sister. The door to their parents’ old room was always closed off, and their father didn’t visit anymore he just sent money, and letters. Everything that needed to be done in town he came and did but never once stopping by the house.
“What” Dean asked looking around the kitchen, everything seemed just as busted and outdated as always.
The yellow light from the fridge flickers, fighting to stay lit as Dean opens the door. Rummaging through the food that’s been basically fermenting in there for days, untouched. There is no beer left. Dean pulls out a slice of pie that Sammy bought yesterday bringing it to his nose. His lip curls with disgust as he takes a sniff, though his stomach rumbles. The fridge door slams loudly as the light gives out.
The two hadn’t spoken a majority of the ride to Sam and Jack. The awkward tension heavy in the car as Cas tended to his healing, and Dean to his hyper focus on Chuck and totally not avoiding everything that had been stripped away between them. There was a silence between the two that had never been there before, even after Mary, this was different. The only audible acknowledgement of their existence was to point out the lack of – well anybody. As if everyone had just disappeared from existence, because of Chuck they had.
"No, you know what's no fair" Dean accuses pointing a finger at Cas's chest, "That my ears have been bleeding while you bob your head to the eighth version of silent night this past hour"
Ellen glared at them a bit more, before dropping it. "You mightn't be off the hook just yet boys but I'm happy for you two. Plus you're not the only one."
“Dead. Yeahh” Lucifer drags directing his attention away from Castiel and towards the Winchester brothers. He gives Sam a dirty look then returns to his explanation, “Not so much anymore. Got spit out by the empty, guess your big guns weren’t big enough so she took me off the bench. Wasn’t pretty.”
Desperately Cas swept the powders, scrubbing the floor, and then his face. He shoved everything away back into his little hidden corner. Not bothering to take a glance back at his costume, because he wasn't feeling it anymore. Everything felt shockingly still, like if he moved wrong he would break.
Castiel beams at the nickname Dean gives him. None of the other kids have ever given him a nickname that wasn’t for their own humor and cruelty. He likes the nickname, Cas.  What he likes even  more is the way it makes Dean duck his head, with a blush.
Dean nods along, and after a second he is breathing again. Almost back to his usual confident Dean Winchester swagger.
He was going to fix it though, maybe it wasn’t for the best. Clearly Cas didn’t want Dean to know about the makeup. Dean couldn’t help but notice how hot he looked in it.
It would seem as though, Dean hadn’t noticed either or more happily just doesn’t care. Because he leans down and gives Cas a peck on the lips as an apology. Though the peck turns into a few light kisses – that almost feel like love.
“See” Jack places his hands on either side of the small plant. As it begins to wilt, power from it seeps into Jacks hands, till it is just a brown wilted sprig.
Instead, he looks down at the black book which is imprinted with a death symbol on the cover, as if it had been pressed on.
“Then you’ll have no excuse to stay away” Dean hesitated looking at Cas under the glowing light ”and I’ll get to see my favorite college student every Tuesday and Thursday”
“Don’t tell me what to do Squirrel” Crowley spits a mouthful of blood between punches, now taunting Castiel’s savior. He winces at the name, but his savior doesn’t seem to notice or if he does doesn’t care. Simply scowling back and hitting the plump attacker some more.
When he gets to the map room the Winchester brothers are already there. Both looking up at their Nephilim who is still clothed in the pj’s Sam got him, with confused and almost hopeful expressions. Though Dean’s looks a little less hopeful and a bit more tired.
“Did you realize that our sweaters say Merry Christmas together” Cas questions, tugging at Dean’s hand, as the walk down the hall. Looking at how Mary rearrange the pictures on the wall. A few with the whole family, some with just Dean and Sam. Even one the Cas is in.
“Yeah, I think I like this story. A real page turner.” Chuck declares before disappearing for good this time.
“No problem babycakes” The waitress says after Cas thanks her for the meal a dollar tip left on the table, he feels a little bad but it’s all he has.
Cas evaded Dean's gaze pretending to be interested in the cowboy figures on one of Dean's shelves. As if he hadn't studied them a thousand times while he had spent time with Dean when he was younger, "you don't need to apologize Dean"
Though despite what Dean claims Sam joins them for their adventures through the woods climbing trees and getting dirty. It is the most Castiel has smiled and laughed since his mother’s death. Castiel stays with them till Gabriel comes calling, with a cheeky rumble to him, and a bag of lollipops from god knows where.
Sam rolls his eyes, throwing the pillow back. Landing at the head of the bed almost where it had been before, “Come on you two, you left just before Christmas dinner and you know how Bobby gets when he has to wait for food.”
He reaches up with his hand. Unconscious of his own actions as he looks at Cas’s stricken face. Gently with the soft pad of his thumb he brushes the tear from Cas’s face.
He walks behind Cas wrapping his arms around his waist. Dropping a kiss onto his shoulder “Merry Christmas Angel”
Consequently, he just watches bracing himself, blue on green, age written on their faces. Crackling tension seizing the air between them.
Dean entered the beauty store, the same one Lisa dragged him to all the time. Dean knew just what he was looking for. It was the palette he always seemed to marvel over while Lisa shopped. Although Cas might not tell Dean, he knew he would love it, somewhere in the secret quite he would say thank you.
Suddenly he was home, he wasn’t even sure how he got there but he opened up the door. Standing there was Cas. His Best friend. He tumbled into his arms.
“Thank you, Bobby, Sam, Cas” Dean pecks Cas’s cheek, the fighting stops. Dean looks at the man who is supposed to be his father, “I thought things could be different. That you could be different, that you could change. But you will always be the same, John. You will always be stuck in your narrow-minded prison, while the rest of the world is happy and moves on without you. I wonder what mom would think of who you are now.”
Dean leads them to the blonde haired woman standing by the entrance. Just before they reach it though, a child stops them.
Cas bares all of his weight, without hesitation. His arms wrapping around Dean’s upper body. The hunter is ice cold. He places his hand on the wound. Immediately he floods Dean’s body with his grace. Patching up the Winchester just as he did in hell. Cas knows Dean so entirely he doesn’t even have to think of each fiber as his grace fills it, “You are not dying Dean. I won’t let you.”
Chuck pants, squirming on the ground, “So this is how it ends.” He looks up at them squinting, closing his eyes in the light he isn’t used to, “My book.”
Unconsciously he wobbles to the room he's been sharing with Cas. Once he is inside, he sinks onto the bed. His face pressed into the pillows, inhaling Cas's scent. Old pennies, and rain. He just feels his heart breaking in his chest as it has many times before. Except this time, it's worse because this feels like the start of a breakup but they were just pretending.
“We missed you too” Dean says and both Cas and Dean eye the brown haired girl standing beside Sam. Whom Cas assumes is Eileen.
The days after Castiel dragged on for Dean. A slow secession of moments, One after the other. And Dean just watches them, pass before his glazed-over eyes. He didn’t really move or speak. just existing. Trying to pretend everything is okay and that everything isn’t playing in a constant loop in his head. Replaying his silence, replaying every moment with Cas. Till he gets to the one that breaks him and makes  him think. After all this time he thinks he really thinks and realizes just how much he’s ruined things.
"I hope it doesn't." Dean says with actual hope in his voice, because maybe one day their relationship could be a healthy one. Or at least resemble one. Change takes time Dean knows that, but he never thought John would try. He's been proven wrong twice today.
“You are right” Dean says simple. Cas lets out a strangled gasp, his heart shattering all over in his chest. He knew this was coming though. The hunter is too good for him, why would he feel the same, “I hate you. I hate that you made that deal. I hate that you came with me. I hate that you left. I hate that you said those three fucking words. I hate that you pushed me away. I hate that you left me with nothing. I hate that you didn’t even give me a chance to say anything. I hate that you saved me. That you saved the whole goddamn world, but you didn’t save yourself. I hate you because I so fucking in love with you, you stupid, stupid angel. I love you Cas.”
Cas wobbles a little as he approaches his savior. He relents sitting back down on the shiny playground rocks. Dean kneels down beside him with a worried, his hand finding it’s way to Cas’s jacket clad shoulder, “Are you okay Cas”
”Give me a second with dad angel, then I'll be back, ” Dean pecked Cas on his hairline before they broke apart. An act that was forever seared into Cas’s mind. He could get used to angel.
“Cas” Dean whispered, pressing his lips against Cas’s. The kiss almost taste like salt water taffy, and it was perfect. Gentle and sweet, with love and compassion. No urgency just feelings. And when they broke apart their foreheads leaning together Dean spoke again his voice quivering “I - I love you too Cas, but I don’t deserve you.”
Maybe Dean would just pretend nothing had happened. Maybe they could still be friends if Cas just played the part Dean wanted to see. If he just threw on a dumb Walmart costume like everyone else. As much as that pained him to think.
“Probably some god fearing good Christian girl with the personality of a saltine cracker. Because god forbid she actually recognize that I am Gay and stop my siblings from degrade me every time I’m around.” Cas fumed sipping down more of the scalding hot coffee. He didn’t mean to be so harsh about whoever the girl may be but he is angry. Christmas has never been one of his fonder memories at least not since he came out about three years ago.
Dean speeds recklessly to the barn that was said to hold the kids. The brothers pop the trunk open as they have so many times before. Grabbing their weapons, machetes, and Dean grabs the throwing star he’s been waiting to use. Showing it to Sam with a grin, “We could-“
“Fiction, stories. You can watch it, read it, time and again. There's something unlimited, and expanding to interpret every time. There is no rush to understand, no such thing as too late. The world, people - love is easier to understand. There is no judgment, or other shoe waiting to drop. It's simply a window of escape and happiness, that isn't laced with something bittersweet. Just..." Cas trails off placing the golden ribbon holding his page back into the book placing it beside the bed "sometimes fiction is easier - better. Everything just works. ”
There was an old pickup truck down by the gas station a few feet away, though the building seemed conveniently vacant. The other few buildings around didn’t seem to have much activity either. Coming to a stand Cas shucked off his trench coat, relieving himself from the accumulating heat. He began to wonder how long he had been away, hours, days, months, years. He didn’t get to ask Jack about anything. All he knew was the world wasn’t ending. He shook his head still on autopilot, disorientated by the resurrection. The best idea would be to go to the bunker. Were the Winchesters even alive anymore – no he pushed that thought away - they must be.
Think Dean does. Staring blankly at the wall in front of him, his brain convincing him there is no way Cas could ever feel that way. Not for Dean at least. Dean realizes what he has to do.
“Because it is” Cas steps closer, disregarding Dean’s aforementioned talk of personal space – though lately Dean had found himself not caring.
Cas continued with his makeup. Adding a few more things to go with the look. Although it wasn’t nearly as intricate as his own. It is perfect just right for Dean.
Slowly he looks up, to Sammy first, to his horror is wearing a sympathetic look on his face. Which can mean anything good for the reaction of his biological dad and his father figure. It’s only Cas’s squeeze on his hand that gives him the courage to look at them. Bobby sporting a knowing look, and if he didn’t know better, he might even say the corners of his mouth were turned up into a small smile. Dean begins to wonder if he knew all along. Bobby certainly has been around for more of Dean’s life, “Good for you son. I can’t say I’m all too surprise about that one.”
A dark-haired man walks shoulders hunched, along the side of the road, hands buried deep in the pockets of his trench coat. His body shakes each step he takes, the puddles of water splashing up around his feet.
It comes to be the turning point in their friendship. The first time they truly connect as friends. Delve into each other’s beings – bond.
“Sorry Chuck” Dean says. Chuck screws his eyes shut, shields himself with his arms, bracing for an impact that doesn’t come. The four of them walk past him, Cas picking up the god book as they go. Towards the impala.
When he does Lucifer has just finished his tower of cards, “Look at you bro” he looks up backing away from the tower slowly “The almost mighty”
He doesn’t know what compelled him to ask. Maybe it was that for once when Dean asked Cas to stay he did.
Giggles rise from the kitchen as well as a familiar deep rumbling laugh, when Dean approaches. He leans in against the doorway. Met with the sight of his mother and Cas - baking. The two of them with flour splashed down the front of them, smiling and laughing about something. Cas with his ever unruly bed head, looking slightly more tame from him smoothing it down.
“Cas oh shit” this time Dean didn’t hesitate, he took the palette placing it off to the side. Then he sat beside Cas wrapping his arms tightly around Cas’s entire body. Holding him to his chest.
Dean blinks. He doesn’t prefer either of Michael’s theories. Demons getting a chance at residing in heaven after all the carnage and pain they’ve inflicted upon the world. Nor cosmic beings, no longer existing after death. What does that mean for Cas and Jack for that matter. What about the beings that were in the empty when Chuck tore it all down? What happens to them? What happened to them? Or anyone else for that matter, heaven, hell, purgatory? A million unanswered questions circulate in Dean’s head with no resolve.
Smiling into the mirror every so often at his work, Cas remained blissfully unaware of Dean's presence in the bathroom doorway. Until he wasn't.
Dean smirked back to his regular self "I think your right. We better step it up, I didn't have you fake date me, just to not to convince my dad that being Bi is fake."
“Yeah Dean” Cas whispered back, lip worrying between his teeth. It wasn’t like Dean to lose his rambunctious energy and turn all soft during movie unless something was wrong.
"So" Dean paused and Cas could feel his eyes piercing his back. The wariness in his voice "What are you comfortable with, 'cause you know I'm no prude." He laughed with what Cas turned to see as a slight grimace.
Cas chokes back his tears wrenching the hunter even closer. Till their chests are flat against each other, “Please stay.”.
Castiel nods “Okay” his voice breaks as he leans back against his mom, snuggled in her lap. Nose buried in her shirt breathing in the light scent of her rose perfume, “I love you mama”
The Winchester family sings to the next house when the elderly couple inside opens it. All huddled together, candles alight in their hands. Fighting against the dwindling light of the sun.
Castiel steps into his speech “The all-knowing, all-seeing, all-caring God. I recall the image the older angels told, things they did in his name to invoke a devotion to ‘our God’. To spread his message and divinity, our heavenly grace all those centuries ago.”
"Sorry, Cas" Dean finally pulled away once they entered the all too familiar room. His eyes fell on the small bed. The bed didn’t pose a problem, or at least Dean hoped it wouldn’t. It wasn’t as if they hadn’t shared one many times before, "I didn't think to ask what you'd be comfortable doing in front of my family when you agreed to this."
Castiel spent most of his time with Anna and Gabriel when he was home for the week, he didn’t have any friends at school. Those that did want to be his ‘friend’ only liked that there was no parental supervision at the house. He stopped those ‘friends’ quickly, he’d rather have no friends than fake ones. He had Dean on the weekends, and Dean only cared that he got to spend time with Castiel.
If had been thinking logically he would have agreed but when Cas's gravelly voice cuts into his self-deprecating thoughts, he didn't think.
The couple leaves the kitchen, strolling through their small three-bedroom house, to the door. Every space covered in a decoration of some kind, be it a snow globe, or some tinsel. A few handmade one’s hung on the wall beside their real family pictures. A knock sounds from the door as they approach it.
“No” Cas hid his face, biting out the remark. He couldn’t help the sharpness of his voice, not when he saw Dean’s frown.
He began swiping his brush across his eye intricately recreating the look he begun earlier. Tilting his head back and forth he occasionally tested if each side are even. Falling deeper into the meditative world that is makeup.
Cas clenches his teeth together miffed by Dean’s anger ”no you are wrong Dean. I don’t pity you. The list is about you”
Crowley pushed back, toppling Castiel to the ground, “Don’t touch me feathers” he growled, sweeping at the sleeve he grabbed.
“-and are you important to my boy?” John frowns his hands clasped over the table; everyone’s food left untouched.
“Cas, Jesus Cas. What the hell!” Dean nearly yells at the idiot angel as his healed eyes look upon the almost gutted sockets that were Cas’s. Pieces of burnt retina flap like sheets in the wind. Though his words contain a brusque sharpness to them, his touches are light and almost reverent “Why do you keep doing this! You can’t keep doing this! You can’t keep sacrificing yourself for me.”
Luckily his brother, isn’t denser than a box of rocks. His years at Stanford’s pre-law program has paid off. When Dean and Cas first got their heads out of their asses, a few months back and realized that during their decade long friendship they had fallen head over heels for each other. Sammy had been the one to spot the change in their relationship status instantly. He told them as much right before he and their mutual best friend Charlie started fangirling over their OTP finally getting together; whatever that means. Dean had taken a collective sigh of relief that day, though he would never admit it to his brother. His sexuality, Cas being his boyfriend, that hadn’t even matter to Sam. He was just happy for his brother. Almost annoyingly ecstatic really.
Just as it begun, Dean is pulling away his eyes wide and apologetic. Like he didn’t mean to act, “Sorry I-“
“Stop fighting!” Chuck yells his fist colliding once again with Sam’s body, “You are fighting for nothing.”
Matching Dean, Cas also turns slightly pink, because he does want cannon Destiel, “jeez Sam” he exclaims half-heartedly and even to himself it comes out strained.
Benny was easy-going never one to dwell on things. A good person at heart, despite his troubled past with alcoholism. Dean always thought that if he should love anyone it should be Benny, but he never did. It was always someone else Lisa or Michael someone he never had at a good shot with and always ending with people leaving him.
Cas pulls Dean into his arms as Dean crumbles against him. Stroking his hair. The tinsel and bulbs pressing between them, yet it is somehow is where Dean belongs.
The two of them get back into the impala, and Dean doesn’t even care about the rain in his car. He doesn’t care about anything except the matching smiles on the former angel and his own face.
Instead of responding, Cas switches his bag to his other shoulder, wrapping an arm around Dean's waist. Dean feels the pressure against his back as Cas steps forwards and he stumbles along. His breath caught in his throat, not even worried about the thin layer of ice covering the cement path. His only focus is getting his feet to move, and his heart to stop jumping out at the simple intimate touch from Cas.
Ever since he found out Cas is gay, he has been nervous. How do you tell someone that you discovered you are bi without telling them it’s because of them? He didn’t know how to act when the topic came up because he didn’t know how to flirt with guys, or let them know you are into them. So he didn’t.
The next thing Cas knows Dean is grabbing his face between his large, calloused hands, smashing their lips together. His heart is pounding erratically at the heat of his lips and the ferocity of the kiss. A kiss that is just their own, not an act.
Betty continues to strain against the chains, unable to speak. Dean’s instinct is to help her, but he doesn’t she’s a reaper, and Lucifer, “Okay so what?”
The low hum of Carry on my Wayward Son plays from the stereo. Sam sits beside him thrumming one hand on his knee, the other texting Eileen with a smile. Dean doesn’t want to shy away from their happiness anymore. For the first time he can truly enjoy his brother being in love.
For a second he just sits back watching everyone opening presents, the way they chitter happily with each other, all with their significant others. His heart nearly bursts with happiness, it might if he thought he would have another year just like this one.
It’s as if time slows and the world spins around him as, his family fights. Defending him, proud of who he is. It doesn’t matter how John rebukes them or the things they are saying to defend him, they just are. And they are proud of him.
Cas stops writing, his hand a little shaking at how much he loves this man. Falling for him in every way possible. He has to be sure Dean is okay. He can just watch over him tonight and be gone before Dean wakes up.
Pushing the door open carefully just enough, Dean leans against the door frame looking in. The angel is sound asleep, even his shoes and trench coat lay at the foot of the bed. Ironically enough it only makes Dean frown, cause the angel doesn’t understand basic human comfort. Always the dork tries to get on the bed fully dressed on movie nights. The blankets however are still scrunched at the bottom of the bed. The only sign confirming the angel is still alive, is the small, pained sounds that whine from his mouth every few seconds. Along with the glowing bit of blue alight inhumanly beneath his skin healing the wounds.
