“Good to know I have only been dead for a little more than a year and a half,” Sam said in a reply and that caused Dean to roll his eyes. Dean never thought he would stay dead for longer than maybe a year. Sam sat next to Dean on the bed and rolled his eyes back in annoyance.
Sam then suggested in an annoyed tone, “How about we start walking then.” He got off the rock and walked over to Dean. Dean shrugged and they began to walk down hill. They both were still shiver with their hands shoved deep into their pockets.
“Because you deserve it after all you’ve been through with your parents’ divorce and your Dad recently dying in your arms last month. Plus I will love you through and through. I love you Dean,” She basically whispered which caused him to smile as tears welled up in his eyes. He kissed her again and she kissed back him in a hum.
With his newly coated fingers, Dean started working himself open. One finger led to two, scissoring and stretching. When he could comfortably fit 3 in he started searching with his fingers for that special spot inside. Soon he was panting and felt almost ready to cum.
Lucifer looked startled by that. "But he's my true vessel," he grumbled.
"Ah man," whined Gabe."Why'd you stop them? It was just getting good."
"No gifts from the omega or between the alphas or betas?" Sam questioned.
Cas was in awe of how the two brothers were playing out the scene. They could have gone in guns blazing, full of justifiable rage. Instead they had taken the higher road and were now burying John. They were the calm reasonable ones and John was the one everyone was watching wearily, including his girlfriend and other son.
Castiel blushed. The other kids normally called him mean because he wasn't good at sharing. But Dean thought he was nice. That made Castiel very happy.
Three days was the maximum Cas had agreed to. Any more than that would be detrimental to both Cas and Dean’s health. Dean was currently pregnant with twins so Cas wasn’t willing to risk his health for some unknown feral.
The man was torn up. He had large, deep gashes all over his body. A few of them seemed to be scabbing over but a few were still bleeding. Dean was surprised the man was still breathing.
They watched the show until they both could barely keep their eyes open. They still had a couple episodes left plus the movie so Charlie decided to crash on his couch and they could finish the next day.
They were halfway home before Dean realized that Cas was too quiet. He looked over to see Cas looking like somebody kicked his puppy. Dean had no idea what put that expression on his face so he asked. “What's going on Cas?” you look like someone kicked your puppy.”
Dean nodded then Sam dragged him away, reminding him that they all needed sleep before their big mission.
“Yeah? With what?”
He looked past Dean to Lucifer. He had his eyes closed but Castiel knew he wasn’t really sleeping; angels didn’t need sleep. Lucifer was likely just savoring the moment like Castiel was. Everything was perfect.
Gabe is coming back! I like the idea of Gabe being totally on their side. He never wanted to see his brothers fight and now he can help stop it.
He spotted Kate and Adam right away and headed towards them. He felt his step falter when he saw who was with them, though. It was that damn alpha who stole his bounty. What the hell was he doing there?
“I left a mark on him that would tell anyone who could see it that he tried to kill a dragon's young. He may be used to being the hunter, let's see how he handles being the hunted,” Cas growled.
"Well, ideally I would like to have him stay under observation for another few days, possibly up to a week. He woke up which is huge but I think he is still in a fragile state. Sam, if you were able to stay for the next week, I think that will really help." Gabe told them.
Dean blushed. he wasn't good with thanks, or praised, for that matter. He tried to get to the conversation back on track. “What happened?” he asked again.
Dean stumbled but Sam was there to catch him. Which was lucky because Cas was seeing red, literally. When he had seen John grab his omega, Cas had leapt between them and caught John’s arm before it could start it’s downward swing. He knew his eyes were alpha red and could hear himself growling.
Dean chuckled. "Yeah I figured that out."
Dean closed his eyes in concentration. "Scared omega. Rage.  Hurt alpha. Blood. Blue eyes."
They got a text from Chuck that basically was an "SOS, life or death, come immediately" text. Dean was not happy when he found out it was a trick by the Becky girl to make them come to a supernatural convention.
She hadn’t bought a house yet in Lawrence but had gotten a lease on a two bedroom apartment until she could find something she liked. She had also been hinting that maybe John would put some money towards the new house but John had no intention of doing that. He felt like he was doing enough helping finance Adam going to university.
“Dr Novak,” Sam said at the same time Dean said “no one.”
“If you choose to rebuild your smithy here or anywhere else local, Gordon's men will be available to help,” she continued, then she paused. when she spoke again her voice was warmer. This was Jody, the person, not Jody, the mayor. “I hope you do choose to rebuild here,” she told them. “I know you've been chased out of towns before but I meant what I said about this town being a Haven. As long as the relationship is between consenting adults, it doesn't matter if they're a man and a woman, two men, two women or any other combination. Everyone is welcome here.”
Gentle hands flipped him over onto his back and Dean lifted his hands to cover his face. Slowly but firmly those were pulled down. Dean kept his eyes tightly shut as he sobbed. He was gathered up so that he was pressed tightly between the two alphas and he felt soft kisses on his face.
"Wait, how do you know them?" Shepherd asked before Elizabeth could.
"Him?" Sam echoed but Dean cut him off by asking, "why would the omega agree to meet the devil."
Castiel noticed that though the people seemed to be missing, the town was full of reapers. There was also a presence, one he had not felt in a long time. He told Ellen and Jo about the reaper then headed off in the direction of the presence.
He patted Sam on the shoulder. “Go get yourself some dinner and relax for the night. Tomorrow will be another long day.”
“I have something to show you,” Cas suddenly said as he watched Dean continue his inspections of the damage.
I hope everyone is having a good week so far. Stay safe out there!
Cas reluctantly accepted then they agreed that Dean would pick him up just after 6. Their reservation was for 6:30 and the ballet started at 8. Those details done they said their goodbyes and hung up.
Cas gave Gabe a considering look then reached out a hand to pull a chocolate bar out of nothing. He silently handed it to Dean.
Also I liked the idea of Lucifer not knowing what to do when Dean thanked him. He's so used to being bad, he doesn't know what to do when he's good.
Cas and Dean actually interact in this chapter!
Once Dean relayed what he had learned Sam tried to usher him out to have fun, reminding him it was Valentines day. Dean used to love the holiday before but now that he had Cas and Lucifer he wasn’t going to the bar to find chicks. He told Sam so and Sam asked if he had plans with the angels. Dean just stared at him. That was way past his comfort zone.
“I don’t want you to go,” he heard his mate say behind him. Cas turned to see Dean standing there in the hall, a pout on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It was Charlie's chimera pup," Cas explained quietly. "It got into Gabe’s hot sauce and next thing we knew, this happened."
“So the angel who got cast out of heaven for loving humans too little and the angel who got cast out for loving humans too much both ended up courting a human.” Lucifer summed up.
Sam tried to get away but the cupid got him in a hug too.
Nesting was something alphas and omegas did. It could be sexual or just for comfort. Gabe and Cassie had ZERO sexual interest in each other. But they did sometimes need the comfort of a nest to centre themselves. Cuddling in a nest, particularly with someone of the opposite secondary gender, helped keep them from going feral.
He heard Castiel walking down the hall and decided that those questions were a problem for another time. Right then he needed to calm himself so his brother wasn’t walking into a room scented with sad and confused omega.
Sam and Bobby both nodded. Gabe carefully led the two girls out of the room, moving slow so as not to aggravate Dean. Once they were out Gabe let out a sigh of relief. Then he remembered what had started it all.
Looking at his stock of alloys Dean realized he would have to buy more soon. He put it on his mental to-do list.
"You'll be fine," Dean reassured him. "Cas says so too." He hadn't but he would have if he had known Dean was calling Sam. "And just remember, this isn't your only option. You have other interviews lined up. You are going to law school no matter what."
When Jo spotted him, she gave a grin and a wave. Sam thought she had a crush on Dean. Dean didn't see it but he had always been bad at picking up on flirting. Either way Dean saw Jo as a little sister and nothing more.
Castiel smiled slightly and handed Dean the pie. Dean opened the box slowly and reverently. Sam grabbed a fork from Dean’s forgotten breakfast tray and handed it to Dean.
They chatted a bit longer before Jess stuck her head back in to say goodbye. Dean was sad that she was leaving but when she explained that it was for school he gave a hug and wished her a good flight. Sam followed her out to walk her to her car and say a more private goodbye.
I hope you all have a great week!
“You mean like angel scratches? So it's like the tagging on our ribs?” Dean was realising what their next step was going to have to be.
Dean followed him as Cas headed to the door where his briefcase was waiting. He put his snacks inside and finished getting ready. Finally he was pulling on his tan trench coat and was ready to go.
“Then why is he here?” Elizabeth asked.
Blam! Blam! Blam!
"Heya, Cas. What's up?" A warm deep voice came through the line.
They got home soon after and relieved Sam and Jess of their babysitting duties. Apparently the babies had slept the whole time. Jess made her goodbyes and reluctantly left. Sam went to bed minutes later.
Dean's POV
He had been distracted when he realized Dean had left. That's why he lost. He had tried to reestablish dominance but it was too late.
Gabe just laughed. “Don’t worry, big guy. There is no competition from me. Cassie’s my little bro.”
Sam’s look softened but he said, “you might need to talk to Cas than. he seems pretty sure you guys are a done deal. If you don't want that you better let him know now.”
Sam started to say yes but was interrupted by Cas, “No I don’t think you should.”
Dean kept his hair short (he thought it would be too hot near the forge with it long) but Sam's hair was longer. He was also pretty vain about it so Dean was constantly threatening to cut it off. He never would, but Sam reacted every time.
"Hey Jess," Dean said brightly. "Is Sam around."
Well that distracted Dean, and not in the best way. Now his scent was full of panic. “He’s coming by tomorrow?”
As Dean sat down next to Castiel (Sam couldn’t bring himself to think of the man as anything so informal as Cas), he asked “So you guys been here long? Getting to know each other?”
Gabe didn’t let him dwell on it. Instead he asked Sam questions about Dean’s medical history. It was a frustrating process for both of them. Sam’s family had moved around alot, more than even Gabe had expected, and their dad had used fake names when they had gone to see a doctor. Castiel was taking notes for Gabe whenever Sam mentioned a name, place, or date. They would be able to use the info later to start making a medical history for Dean (and for Sam too, Gabe decided).
She wasn’t convinced and there was nothing they could do to reassure her that they were ok with it and that it would be the best thing for her. When Dean told her again to leave John she told them she couldn’t and revealed she was already pregnant with Dean.
A moment later his phone chimed. ‘I have another hour of office hours.’
Sam was still talking, saying something about their dad traveling around trying to find his wife’s killers. Gabe could tell Castiel wanted to ask more questions but Gabe had questions of his own.
“Well that went well,” Dean announced.
"I said, we're trying to stop the apocalypse," Dean stated, no fear in his voice or stance.
“Who’s Bobby?” Lucifer quietly asked Castiel.
“No, he’s asleep.” Castiel told him.
He closed his eyes and let his imagination guide him along. In his mind the toy was replaced by Cas's cock, his hand that was currently pitching his nipples was Cas’s hand. When his imaginary Cas started jerking him off in time with the toy being thrust inside (it was a tricky maneuver for Dean but he was willing to commit) it didn't take long before he was cumming.
“There's no need,” he said. He softly blew fire over the nest. The moss started to glow a rosy gold color and the air filled with a familiar scent. Cas must have also added those grass and herbs they threw in the fire for the babies.
Jo and Ellen went forward and gave him a big hug. As they let go Dean realized that neither of them had met Lucifer. He grabbed his arm and pulled him forward. “Jo, Ellen, I don’t think you have met my mate, Lucifer. Don’t worry, he won’t bite.”
Hope everyone is having a good weekend. It is sunny here so it truly feels like spring.
Dean looked down. "We've been bonded since he got me from hell. I don't know why or what it means."
“I was just on my appointed rounds.” The cupid explained. “What my targets do after that, that's nothing to do with me. I was following my orders.” Then he seemed to have an idea. He asked Castiel to read his mind. Castiel did and saw that he was telling the truth.
Dean thought about it for a minute or two. Then hesitantly he started talking. "I remember going to a roadhouse for a burger and beer. And pie" he added smiling at Sammy. "Love me some pie."
“This is awesome,” Dean said quietly. The two alphas grinned at him.
Dean grinned at him. “That's awesome! Thanks.” Now he wouldn't have to spend money restocking smithy. He could afford to do it but it would have been a bit of a stretch.
"Nice place you got here," Cole commented. "If you opened those up, we could enjoy the view." He gestured to the curtains.
The coroner let them in and told them leave his keys with security when they were done. Once he was gone they started looking for clues on the bodies and in the organs.
Castiel was still exuding the scent of happy alpha when Gabe got home. He had left after lunch when Dean had gotten sleepy but had promised the omega that he would be back in the morning.
Cas nodded and started leading Dean back the way they'd come. As they walked Dean asked Cas questions about what they’d have to do or change to make the caves a proper nest for Cas and the babies. Cas was happy to share his plans with Dean.
“You are right,” Cas said, his voice bitingly pleasant. “I am invulnerable. But Dean isn’t. And he’s who the demon chose to aim at when it realized it couldn’t hurt me.” he heard a sharp inhale from his brother. “So I ask you again, what have you done?”
Almost everyone they knew had been invited, and some Cas didn’t but Gabe did from the hospital. People were already arriving and walking around the house to the backyard. Cas had seen Meg, Bobby, Benny, Jo, and Ellen already. Benny had told Dean that he would man the grill when the patties were ready. Dean had been happy to hear that. Being about 6 months pregnant with twins meant that Dean didn’t like to stand too long.
Dean smiled softly. They were both trying so hard to give each other what they thought the other wanted that they were going to polite their way out of what they actually wanted. He thought a moment then grinned. He knew how to explain.
The path Sam took him was convoluted. They took 2 different lifts and to be honest John wasn't sure he would be able to find his way back without a map or a guide. He had thought he knew Atlantis well but the ease in which Sam moved spoke of a greater familiarity.
Cas could hear Sam trying to calm his brother down muttering his name with a mixture of fondness and exasperation. Dean whirled on him and said "No Sam. He doesn’t get to waltz into my backyard and start telling me what to do and he definitely doesn’t get to yell at my pup.”
Once he got the toy all the way in and had done a few experimental thrusts, Dean really started fucking himself. He didn't try for slow or draw out. Now he just wanted to pretend he was getting fucked the way he liked, hard and fast.
After weeks of asking Castiel was finally allowed to have Dean come over for sleepover. His parents had been surprised when he had asked. Dragons were naturally territorial and barely could stand other dragons in their space let alone any other of the supernatural or humankind.
Cas's POV
Dean was grinning at him like Castiel was the cutest thing he had ever seen as he said “Remember when I met Gabe for the first time and he told me all those embarrassing stories from when you were a kid?”
Lucifer was feeling a little put out. Dean had greeted Castiel warmly but went straight to asking favors from Lucifer. He put on his most charming smile and said “ask and you shall receive.”
“All of it!” Dean shouted. “Please just give it to me.”
"The ballet?" Sam repeated, like the words were in a foreign language, then he figured it out. "Cas chickened out again?"
Dean gave a shudder as he remembered the future he had been shown months earlier. "Yeah, I think his plan is to spread the Croatoan virus."
ok maybe not the fastest conclusion to everything but lets be honest, ending long time family feuds like that takes time. Plus I remembered some horsemen I hadn't dealt with.
Castiel looked at Dean. He could smell the mix of emotions, fear, anger, sadness, hope, in his scent but his face showed none of that.
“You were talking about me, right?’ Dean asked suddenly, looking a little nervous. Cas nodded, staring at the table, and Dean’s confident grin came back. “Good cause I like you too.”
Castiel took another step forward then said "Hello Dean."
He gave a quick prayer then as they waited he asked Cas, “What’s with the burgers.”
This is it! Some short fluff to end the story on! Thanks for reading!
Dean liked the town, Haven, that he and Sam settled in. They had chosen it because the town didn't have a blacksmith. The last one who died a couple years before so his smithy and equipment was available, there was just no one to use it. They made the family a deal, half their profits for two years to buy it. Now it was all theirs free and clear.
The house was a cute three bedroom, two bath place. They each had their own bedroom and had turned the other room into a nest room. That was the room Cassie headed to while Gabe detoured to the nearest bathroom to take a shower. He scrubbed down quickly with unscented soap. Once he was out he threw on a pair of pj pants and headed towards their nest.
Sam glared at them both. “I hate you both. Why are you even here?”
Cas waited for his knot to go down. It took almost an hour but as soon as it did he slipped out of Dean and went about tidying up the nest. Once that was done he gathered Dean back into his arms and blanketed him with his wings.
"No," Sam said. "He seemed reluctant to tell Dean. Dean even asked seriously for a gate address but Castiel just said he was from around." Sam shrugged at their puzzled look as. "Best translation I've got."
The few days the feral alpha was in the ward were hard for everyone. Sam and Meg kept Gabe up to date on Dean’s condition and Meg let him know what Dr. Adler was doing. Luckily Meg was able to keep Adler from doing anything to hurt Dean’s recovery.
“Yeah. They're all over the world, dozens of them.” Cas seemed distracted.
"Ok just give me a call and I'll be there." Gabriel turned to leave.
The address Anna had given Dean was an abandoned warehouse. Castiel watched Anna walk in alone.
They were eating dinner a few hours later when Dean got such a burst of joy through his soulmate mark it made him drop his fork. He started laughing as Cas looked on in confusion. “I think his talk with Jess went ok,” Dean explained rubbing his chest and thinking soothing thoughts.
Dean made the first move, pulling Sammy into a tight hug. “Stay safe, Sammy.” He told him.
“When an alpha and omega mate they leave their old nests to make a new nest together. Castiel what do you bring to your nest?” Bobby recited.
Suddenly a big man appeared in the door. He had dark hair and eyes and looked scary. Castiel tried to stand in front of Dean but Dean pushed forward yelling "Daddy! Sammy!"
Dean slid into the driver's seat as Sam put his bags in the trunk and watched as Cas blocked Sam from sitting in the back, choosing to sit there himself. Sam said his goodbyes to Gabe who still seemed sad to see him go. Cas reassured Sam it was because Gabe thought of him as family.
He could feel the fog of sleep start to lift and tried to talk. Some part of him knew it was important to let them know he knew who they were. “Bobby, my pup pup,” he muttered. It wasn't coming out clearly but it was something.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas was quiet but Dean could tell that he was thinking. Finally he said, “that man was rude, insulting both you and your brother, yet you flirted with him and seemed to have invited his courtship. I do not understand.”
Lucifer noticed that both brothers glared at Gabriel. Gabriel didn't seem to notice or care. "Cassie! I'm so excited. Aren't you?" Castiel ignored him as he led the brothers closer.
Cas looked thoughtful. “I've only used blankets since I've been with you,” he mused. “I do not find them necessary but perhaps it is different for you because you're human?”
“Does this mean you are not going to fight Lucifer and destroy the earth?” Gabriel asked, looking for clarification.
"Stay, reacquaint yourself with your brother. I will get you your drink."
Cas got up immediately and followed Dean outside. "What do you need?" Cas asked.
Sam must have been about to open the pouch because the courier suddenly yelled “wait!” Both Sam and Dean looked at him and he cleared his throat. “The sender was very insistent that you read the letter first.”
Cas stepped closer and put his hand on Dean's arm, right over the hand print he had left there. "Now Lucifer will leave a mark on you to show you are his intended mate."
Dean raised his head just long enough to tell Lucifer, "give Cas another burger or two and he can watch over us."
“Ok but what’s to stop him from going to war? And why now? After everything we’ve done to avoid this, why do you want to bring Micheal down now?”
"So who is she?" He asked as soon as he managed to catch a breath.
Castiel led the way and flew to a forest. As he looked around he noticed that all the trees in an area had been knocked down in a wide circle. He walked forward cautiously, Lucifer behind him. They slowly made their way to the centre.
"You released Lucifer and started the apocalypse," Micheal reminded him dryly.
Gabe couldn’t help grinning. He had never seen an alpha/omega meeting like this and he was an omega. They smelled like mates. The air was filled with the scent of their desire for each other. Gabe was pretty sure if Dean wasn’t injured and Cassie was less of a gentleman, Dean would be stuck on his knot already.
He decided not to read or listen to Jess's text and voicemails. He wasn't ready for it. She was a nice girl and good with Sam but he needed time to figure out how he felt. He knew he would probably forgive her but that didn't make what she did right.
"I can sometimes feel my soul mate's emotions," Sam mused out loud. When he realized the room had gone quiet and was staring at him he ducked his head sheepishly but said "I mean, I'll be reading a book or something and suddenly I'm happy for no reason, or mad and I realize it's not coming from me. Plus my soulmate mark will tingle."
“Against whom?” Castiel demanded. “That blade doesn't work against angels. It's not like this one.” He showed her his own angel blade. “Maybe you're not working for heaven. There's something you're not telling me.”
I was recently thinking about a book series I read years ago by Tanya Huff. I had initially read her Blood Books series because I had watched Blood Ties, the tv series adapted from it. It's a fun series about a PI who befriends a vampire and ends up investigating a lot of supernatural cases. Worth a read.
Cole turned in his chair to watch Meg leave. "Now that is someone I wouldn't mind having in my lap, if you know what I mean." He gave Cas a wink.
The first few days after they reconciled were awkward, like they didn't know how to be around the other person but they soon fell back to their old rhythm. They shared what life had been like while they were apart. Dean told Sam all about the future he had seen as well as his theory that it wasn't real (based on the lack of alphas/omegas). But they both agreed that they wanted to avoid a future like that.
Dean gave him a look. He knew both Castiel and Lucifer were alphas. "How rare?" He whispered. Cas just squeezed his hand again to show he heard. Sam was still asking questions. Dean knew Cas would tell him later.
They entered the ruins with no problems and started looking for clues. It was approaching the automatic cut off for the gate so Elizabeth reminded them that Atlantis would be dialing up the gate again in two hours and if they found the missing team before that to contact them immediately. Then the gate shut down.
“That’s Dean’s brother Sam,” Gabe let him know. “He’s a beta.”
The morning after they met the cupid Sam got a call from the coroner to meet him. He came back about an hour later, looking shaken, holding a briefcase. He told Dean about the demon. As Dean listened he realized that Cas had flown off but he decided to focus on the case at hand.
The nudge came again more insistent this time. “Cas” Dean groaned, “wake up and see what the kids want.” Dean felt the wing that had been covering him lift as Cas woke up.
He scrubbed a hand thraough his wet hair. This was such a mess. They almost had it. Dean was making words, his scent was getting better and now he was back to growling. Gabe just hoped they hadn’t lost him.
This whole first meeting is going to be a few more chapters (like 4 or 5). Also even though they have met things aren't going to go super fast.  Just a warning.
Cas's face brightened and he said, “yes, I did. I know it is important for humans to get familial approval in their matings.”
"And why did he let you go?" Ellen finished.
Castiel was carefully waking up Dean, who really didn’t want to get up. Finally he leaned and whispered something into Dean’s ear. The omega sat up right away. He still looked tired but interested in what was going on.
I hope people are enjoying this story. If you have read any of my other stuff you may have noticed that while I normally stick to Destiel I do hop around with story types and tropes. So one of the stories I am currently writing is a medieval fantasy Destiel fic. I'm not sure when I will be posting it because I have been writing it all longhand on paper during my work breaks and have yet to transpose it to my computer. I'm pretty happy with it so far and am about 10 or so chapters in. Anyways I just wanted to share that and you may all enjoy it if I ever get around to typing it out (seriously I am up to 35 sheets of paper).
Dean blushed, a very good look on him, and looked down. Softly he said “thanks Cas.” Then, as he left, he called more loudly, “See you tomorrow.”
Luckily for Dean's sanity not long after that Dr Novak called the class back to order. He asked a couple students about what their groups discussed but avoided anyone from Dean's group. Smart and sexy, Dean thought.
“Dear Deano and Sammykins, I hope you are well,” Sam read out loud. “I have a huge favor to ask, one only Dean can help with.” San and Dean shared a puzzled look before Sam kept reading. “I recently encountered a group of hunters who were boasting about killing a dragon. After talking to them (and leaving a small curse behind) I investigated their claim. I was sad to learn that they had told the truth. I found the dragon's nest and in its dying embers were three eggs. They were still alive so I filled a pouch with magic fire and put them in.” Sam and Dean looked at the leather pouch that Dean was still holding.
Cas reached around and started jacking him off in time with his thrusts. Dean could tell he was getting close and threw all he had into sending his lover over the edge. He thrust back and clenched down as Cas surged forward. It didn't take long before he could feel Cas cumming, hot semen filling his ass. That's what tipped Dean over the edge. He came all over the dirty desk.
Lucifer looked over, his eyebrow raised in question.
As the omega approached, Dean tensed up a bit but relaxed as Bobby introduced the man, Gabriel, as his doctor.
Then Zachariah revealed that he had planted the prophecy in Chuck's head and that Dean was the Michael sword.
Dean straightened up and stepped back. “I don’t like her knife work,” he said with a slight pout.
It had been strange seeing Cas put his hand in the forge the first time. logically Dean knew that Cas was immune to the flames and heat but he still had a visceral reaction to him sticking his hand in. As soon as Cas had pulled his hand back out Dean had grabbed it to look it over. He played it off as admiring but really he was checking for damage. Cas seemed to understand that because he was very patient as Dean fussed over him. It did make Dean wonder how it looked to Sam when Dean did stuff like that.
“Sammy not now,” Dean coughed out and then he quickly sat up. He began to breath hard and looked at Sam who had a huge cut on his forehead. “Where are we?” Dean asked hardly, then spitting out blood.
“Hi baby. How about we go for a drive?” He almost cooed and grabbed the keys which were in the cup holder. He stuck them in the keyhole and Baby started up right away with a beautiful purr. “Don’t worry Babe. I’m not going to hurt you. Uncle Dean would litterly raise from the dead and murder me,” He laughed out as the garage door slowly opened.
“Did you hear about the animal attacks?” One of the men asked in a deep Tennasee accent. The other man scoffed loudly and placed a cigarette in his mouth.
“Well I don’t know, he died before I was born,” He replied and placed his hand on top of her’s. She looked down and looked embarrassed. “It’s fine and I would say he had that classic Winchester charm,” She leaned in close and kissed his lips softly. “Deli, why are you so sweet to me?” She leaned her forehead on his and sighed.
He missed his dad but he always told him that when he died it would be his time and to accept it. So that’s what he did even through his father was the most important person in his life other than Deli. He remembered when his father was on death bed and he told him that Deli was pregnant. That smile was one was one of the best things Dean ever saw. He died the next day.
When he finally spoke he said, “It was nice. I got married.” Dean nodded and smiled. Then Dean gave him a sly eye.
He tapped the steering wheel lightly and then gripped the wheel tight. “Okay, Babe lets go on an adventure,” He sighed out and drove out of the gas station.
He smiled and replied with, “Nothing,” and placed the box in his trunk and so did she. She rubbed his back as they made their way back in for the next load. They laughed on their way there but little did they know bright yellow eyes glowed from inside the bush behind the car.
“What’s going on,” he asked the room at large.
He was also glad when Dean insisted they drive. During those hours Dean told him all kinds of stories and Castiel was also able to share some of his own knowledge. The car was filled with the scent of a happy omega and Castiel let some of his own happy scent slip out in response.
Phrased that way, Elizabeth could kick herself for not watching Dean more closely. "That doesn't matter right now," she reminded them. "What matters is that we currently have ten people missing. Do what you need to do, gather what you need to take but in an hour I want you ready to go through the gate."
Castiel had enough. He made his argument and Dean called it a pipe dream.
That was not reassuring to Dean and the fact he collapsed right after was worse. With Sam’s help Dean got Cas to a bed. Dean did not like seeing Cas like this.
Anyways, hope you are all staying safe out there! Lots of love!!
Lucifer glared at him but said nothing.
“This room is going to have to be locked down. A feral alpha is being brought in.” Gabe informed them.
He was sitting with Sam talking about his hospital release the next day when they saw Gabe run by.
Bobby spun around with a jump and a swear. Dean turned more slowly, grabbing a rag to clean his hands as did.
“Heya, Walt.” Dean said to be friendly. Sam was still looking nervous so Dean threw out another prayer towards Cas with a get-your-ass-down-here tone to it.
Cas chuckled and kissed Dean’s cheek. He knew how Dean felt about Meg but found it amusing more than anything. “Well, we have all the information we need so you can redo the knife work any way you want. When you are done I will call in a clean up crew.”
Cas nodded thoughtfully then he asked “and what are you doing over there?”
Everyone turned to stare at him with varying levels of incredulity. Dean shrugged. “The earth didn’t burn, the seas didn’t boil and the fight to end all fights didn’t break out. I’m counting that as a win.”
A hand burst from the ground. Castiel gasped it and pulled the mud cover human out of the ground. He dropped him beside the grave and brushed the dirt off his face. Once he saw who it was, he threw him over his shoulder and flew back to Bobby’s house.
Lucifer had almost had enough of this. He wanted to step in and give Adam a piece of his mind but wasn’t sure that would help their cause.
After introducing them to Meg briefly they finally left. Gabe let out a big sigh once they were out of sight.
Lucifer's POV
Sam stared at him a moment longer before saying "awesome!"
Dean shook his head then remembered the darkness and said, “no. I don't want anyone to notice the light and us.”
When they got inside Cas walked up to the hostess, someone Dean didn't know and must be new, and told her, "I have a reservation for 2 under the name Novak."
Dean was a chameleon. He could be whatever he thought would work in the moment. Benny had seen him play the part of twink, a straight man working to pay his bills, a poor boy in need of someone to take him away from this life, and everything in between. He was a master at it.
They lay that way for at least half an hour, Gabe almost dropping off to sleep when Castiel’s low and gravelly voice asked “How’s the omega?”
Dean rolled his eyes, crossed his arms and just waited for Gabe to answer.
She did a bit of a double take when she looked at him. Dean could understand. Cas was a handsome guy. He was less understanding when she flirted with Cas the whole way to their table. He was just glad that she had to go back up front and wasn't their waitress.
Gabe shrugged. "It's not about power, it's about strength of will and patience."
When they got to the room Chastity led Castiel over to the bed. She lessened the tie and undid the buttons that Dean had straighter and buttoned earlier that day. This somewhat annoyed Castiel. He tried to make conversation, asking why she was in this business. She muttered something about daddy issues. Castiel was sure he wasn't supposed to hear but he did so he tried to explain to her the real reason her dad had left. She didn't like that and screamed.
Cas looked down again. What had been gaping wounds last night were now scars. Some of the scars were already fading. In a couple days all but the worst, life-threatening ones would be gone. Cas touched one tentatively then looked to Dean for explanation.
Dean nodded and Sam gave him another hug. He watched as Sam stepped out, was sprayed down with scent blockers, then went on his way. Looking outside those doors freedom had never seemed so close yet so far.
Castiel closed his eyes again, saying “Get some sleep Sam. Lucifer and I will watch over you two.”
Dean looked around like he couldn’t believe it. “I can rent this from you?” he asked, amazed.
He had not been expecting Dean's plan to be a brothel. He gave himself a moment to feel disappointed that this was what Dean had meant. He felt very uncomfortable being there. The scents were overwhelming. Castiel had noticed Dean dab something under his nose then over his scent glands before they headed in and wondered if it helped block the smells.
"How soon after he rose do you think?" Dean asked. Sam just made a face and shrugged.
Lucifer stepped forward to get a kiss from Dean himself but Dean’s look stopped him cold. He looked at Castiel who was shaking his head, looking a little amused.  Sam got up and handed him a piece of paper. “This is the last place we think Pestilence was. Good hunting.”
Yeah for talking! Seriously it took me a while to get here but I hope it was worth it. I put out these last three chapters pretty quickly because they needed to be together (in my mind at least). I still have another couple chapters to this story that will be coming out later. Also they might change this from general to mature... I'm not sure yet.
"That's fair," Gabe agreed.
He got his demons to stop all travel to angel island then he went to the island and personally removed all the humans there. He didn't kill anyone but he did leave them in random places around the globe. It amused him and helped him focus on something else.
"When are you going to ask me to run away with you?" Dean asked. His lips were still on the straw and He was looking up at Benny through his lashes. If the people on the other side of Dean thought they had a good view it was nothing compared to this.
Then he felt someone grab his arm from behind. There was a pinprick of pain. He spun around to see it was the omega holding him. Then the world got fuzzy, he felt himself falling, and it all went black.
Dean held a hand up. “Adam, you can share a room with Sam or a living room with three angels, your choice. Bobby, keep your room. And everyone, don’t worry about beds.” he walked over to Gabe and gave him a pat on the shoulder. “Gabriel, here will make sure everyone has a place to sleep.”
Bobby interrupted then "leave her alone, you idjit."
“You went feral,” Sammy said quietly, interrupting Dean’s thoughts.
"I thought I might," Castiel confessed.
“How’s it going Cas.” Sam asked as Castiel sat down. “Everything alright with Dean?”
Dean blushed slightly and nodded. He watched as Sammy followed Bobby out, probably to say his own goodbyes. For a moment he tried to imagine the scene if their dad had been there but realized he couldn’t. His dad probably would have rolled through, told Dean to stop being so lazy, and headed out before dinner. Dean loved his dad but he was suddenly glad no one had been able to get in touch with him. He would not have let Dean have this chance for happiness.
Castiel's brother Gabriel was a prankster and a troublemaker. Messing with Cas's wards was something he would definitely do. Cas made a mental note to call Gabe later and tell him off. Cas normally didn't mind his pranks but messing with his wards to the point a demon could get in and destroy his place was too far.
Raphael turned to Castiel and said "It is a testament to my unending mercy that I don't smite you here and now."
The build up was slow. First Lucifer started massaging higher and higher on Dean’s legs, but never strayed from the legs. Then Castiel reached around to give some attention to the muscles of Dean’s chest while laying light kisses over his mating marks. Soon the room was filled with the scent of arousal and Dean was panting slightly.
Then the surprises kept coming. Crowley told them he had wanted them to find him. When asked why he replied that he wanted them to use it to kill Lucifer. Dean asked why and Crowley reminded them that Lucifer wasn't a demon but an angel.  He figured that if Lucifer took out the humans then demons would be next.
“I will,” Gabe promised and headed out. Sam was talking to Meg so Gabe went to check on his other patients.
Elizabeth was busy over the next couple hours. There had been an accident in one of the research labs involving ancient technology. Luckily no one was hurt but she was still in the middle of figuring out how big the impact was when the gate command called her to remind her that the two hour check in was approaching. She told the lead scientist, Dr Zolkins, to get a report ready when she knew more.
“Are you the alpha cop we are waiting on?” The man asked shortly. Cas nodded and the man continued, “Finally. Now we can finally go in and get that feral.”
Dean wanted to leave. He had a lot to think about but there was something he needed before they left. Dean told him to bring back Cas from wherever he had stashed him.
Cas stared at him. “You are a very interesting human,” he told Dean sincerely.
Zachariah backed away from him, scared. Castiel spread his wings menacingly. Zachariah's wings twitched then lowered submissively. He asked how Castiel was alive. Castiel had a suspicion that their father had intervened on his behalf. When he insinuated this to Zachariah he fixed everything he had done to Sam and Dean then flew off in fear.
Dean chuckled. "He has tickets to the ballet," he said, like that explained everything. Luckily Benny knew Cas enough that it did.
Becky, who was sitting right in front of Sam, turned around and lunged over the desk. She started pawing at his shirts saying "let me see."
Cas had called to suggest Dean try to find the Colt, which had been lost after they had killed the yellow eyed demon. Dean could hear traffic behind Cas and wondered where the hell, or heaven, he was. Cas missed something Dean said and Dean had to chuckle. "It's funny, talking to a messenger of God on a cell phone. you know, like watching a Hells Angel ride a moped."
He was glad that Lucifer had initiated this contest. It meant that he accepted Castiel as a member of their trio. Once hierarchy was established they would be able to start their courtship of Dean, both as individuals and as a team.
Bobby spoke up and asked why he was really there.
This made everyone stare at Dean. Sam even stopped pacing. Dean seemed to realize what he had said and took a deep breath. "Ok, I need you to knock me out."
It took Dean a moment to realize what Sam was talking about. The warm body against his helped clue him in. Dean suddenly remembered the night before. He lay a hand on Castiel's chest and felt the reassuring thumping of his heart. He let out a breath he hadn't realized he was holding. Cas had survived the night.
Gabe rushed out, leaving the two brothers to stare at each other.
“Only if I get to use a wire brush,” Jess replied.
"You too Dean." Sam replied. Then he added "I'll call as soon as I land."
"I think I'm in love," Dean said under his breath, watching him walk away. Between his low growly voice, his dom brow, and his confidence, Dean had a hard on.
Dean raised his hand and gave Sam the finger but then gave him a hug. Sam rolled his eyes over his brother’s shoulder but hugged him back.
Gabe was just getting the paperwork to release Dean when things went off script. Meg came rushing into his office and told him that there was a feral alpha being brought in, eta 15 minutes. Gabe swore. He was incharge of the feral ward but as an omega he couldn’t personally treat a feral alpha without risk to himself. So he had to get everything ready then clear out. They also had to make sure to lockdown Dean’s room. If the alpha got loose somehow they had to make sure Dean was safe. They couldn’t move him from his room, it was too early, plus it was one of the most secure rooms in the hospital.
Bobby scribbled a bit more then said "I haven't but I'll do some research. Are you guys still in Montana?"
Cas got very still and quiet, even more than normal. Dean could read his anger in his scent. He wasn't sure what he did but he knew he screwed up something.
Dean was almost light headed by how turned on he was. It took him a moment to realize that Cas was trying to sooth him, muttering "soon, just be patient, soon."
“What archangel?” Dean needed to confirm his hunch.
Everyone, or at least all the humans grabbed pizza and beer. They chatted about anything but the next day. Dean listened as Adam told Sam and Jo what classes he had been taking before he died and the three of them started to plan how to get him back into school. Bobby and Ellen were talking about her plans for the future. She was thinking about setting up another roadhouse but wasn’t sure where. Dean was pretty sure Bobby was trying to convince her to keep it close by.
Meg nodded. “Yeah, we can’t help him here so they are moving him to a different hospital with an feral alpha ward, unlike our own that is shared by alphas and omegas.”
Cas reached over and firmly gripped Deans thigh. "I would refrain from flirting with others in front of your mates, if I was you." Cas growled in a way that went straight to Deans libido. "Particularly this soon after our mating."
Dean was nervous. Ok, he was beyond that. He was in a near panic. He was about to go into his first heat in years, and he had not one, but two alphas lined up to become his mates. He had also never slept with a man before. The closest he had gotten was the toys he used during his very rare heats.
Anyways, stay safe out there. And don't forget to drink lots of water!!
It took Dean 2 years to get into Cas's pants but once he did that was it. Cas was his, and he was Cas's. Dean was willing to kill anyone who tried to get between them, and over the years Cas had proved that the feeling was mutual.
Gabe was insufferable for at least a day or two after. Dean, meanwhile, filed the information that dragons and humans could get together for later. The more time he spent with him the more he fell for cas. He just wanted to know if there was a possibility his feelings might be returned.
"Is that pie I smell?" He asked, his voice quiet like he was asking a secret.
"So Doc, when can I get outta this bed?" Dean asked eagerly. He wasn’t used to staying in one place for any length of time. Plus hospitals made him nervous.
A little while later when they were driving away Dean looked over at him in concern. He asked if Castiel was ok and told him he thought Castiel "little crusade" was nuts but that he knew something about missing fathers. Castiel asked what he meant.
There was a commotion in the hall. Meg stuck her head in and said “Time to leave, Doctor.”
They landed on an empty stretch of road. Dean turned and said, "That's pretty nice timing, Cas."
“Cassie hasn’t gone feral, you wanker,” the British alpha drawled. “He’s an alpha protecting his pregnant omega, who was attacked in front of witnesses, I would remind you.”
Cas looked thoughtful but said “I think it would be better if we refrained from dating for now.”
Gabe smiled. He really did need to see this research of Bobby’s. He was going to ask Bobby about it but Sam cut in asking about Dean and Gabe remembered where his priorities needed to lie.
Dean's POV
"You're Michael's weapon. Or rather, his receptacle."
Dean nodded.
Becky looked shocked. "I just wanted to see his mark. You showed us yours," she said her voice trembling.
Sammy interrupted then, "Dean, this is my girlfriend Jess. Jess, this is Dean."
Dean wanted to know too but he was slightly distracted by his two mates. When they had come in they had taken up position on either side of him and kept brushing their wings against him. Dean knew Sam and Bobby couldn’t see what was happening so to them it probably looked like Dean was being twitchy for no reason. Sam in particular kept giving him concerned looks.
“Is Dean awake? I brought him some food.” he said holding up a bag.
Dean moaned. He’d always had a thing for praise while fucking. “So good,” he said back to Cas. “Feel so full. So warm. So good.”
Now we had been talking about getting rid of it for the last couple years but it just kept being put off. Until this week, that it.
He checked his watch and saw he was running late. “I would love to stay and chat but I have to go. If you come by tomorrow I can show you how we work.”
"But Stanford is my dream school," Sam reminded him. "And if I don't get in here and end up somewhere else what then? Are you, Cas, maybe Jess just going to move with me?"
He felt hands on his ass, spreading his cheeks apart. Finally what he had been waiting for. But instead of the blunt head of a penis he felt the warm, wet heat of a tongue circling his hole. He looked back to see Cas eating out his ass while Lucifer admired the view. Soon Castiel was licking into him. It felt so good but was still not enough.
He cared about the mystery omega. He had gone back to the place he had risen and tried to find a trace of the omega, something he could follow back to the source. Nothing worked, though. It was if the omega was hidden from him.
Dean didn't know what to do but Cas gently took the first baby from him so he could pick up the second. Sam passed another bottle to him. She took it hungrily.
“He said as long as you were happy, he was happy,” Cas replied.
The night Dean spent with his two alphas was a turning point in their relationship and courtship. Sam would tease Dean about it but had also told Dean, in a moment of sincerity, how happy he was for his brother. The angels weren't around all the time, they both had their own things going on but at least twice a week they came by to spend time with Dean. Sometimes it was just the three of them, but sometimes they would also hang out with Sam and/or Bobby. Dean liked it when they were all together. Cas and Lucifer would tell them stories of the world being created and other amazing things they had seen and Dean would watch the wonder on Sam and Bobby's faces.
It had all started the day before when a courier had brought Dean a letter from Benny. It had been short and boiled down to him being married and his wife was pregnant. Dean couldn't understand why he'd even sent it. Was he expecting congratulations or a gift?
She had only sat down when there was a knock. She looked up to see Dean standing in the doorway. She raised an eyebrow and asked “What can I do for you, Mr Winchester?” She noticed that he frowned slightly when she called him Mr Winchester but otherwise his face was impassive.
Gabe didn’t say it but sharing a bed was a very good thing. Dean would be going into another unfamiliar environment and having Sam there would help him transition.
“Sammy!” he called from across the room. Sam griniced as he saw several heads turn their way but he stood and gave Dean a big hug when he reached their table.
Dean was tired. not the kind of tired a nap or even a good night sleep could fix. No, he was the exhausted to his soul type of tired.
"Ahhh," Sam said, slightly mockingly. "That's so sweet. Didn't know you had it in you."
He sighed, this time out loud, and cast a quick spell to put out the fires. Then he pulled his phone out of his pocket and called a number he had memorized (due to several phones having made untimely deaths Castiel memorized all his important numbers).
"Nothing?" She asked the communications officer, a little rhetorically. He shook his head and Elizabeth sighed. "Ok, they might just be in an area blocking radio waves. We are going to give them another hour then check in again. When we do I want AR6 on standby. If we don't get a response we will send them in to see if they can find out what happened." She didn’t look at Dean or acknowledge him in any way but she made sure to pitch her voice loud enough that it would reach him. She waited for confirmation that her orders had been heard by the gate crew then walked back to her office.
“Sam asked me to get a box of ornaments?” Castiel looked at the piles not sure where to start. Dean looked questioningly at the angel and dug out one of the bottom boxes and passed it to Cas.
If it makes you feel better - pharmacy employees like "Meg" in this  story really can work co-pay card magic sometimes so always, always ask for help if you can't afford your medications. Many dedicated healthcare workers will advocate for you if they know what's going on.
“Um, and, I’m really sorry about this doc, but I probably can’t afford the bill for today’s services right away.”
He wasn’t sure how much time had passed when Bizzaro-Poppins returned. He’d spent what felt like hours trying to pry the cuffs off (unsuccessfully), messing with the cage to try and find a weak point, and even trying to push through the magical interference to access his own powers. Cas eyed the woman warily as she made her way over to him.
This is part of Suptober 2021 and is a continuation of the Day 1 prompt from Ch 1.
“Cas? Castiel? Hey man, you gotta get up.” Dean gently cradled the healer’s head as he spoke, hoping he wouldn’t be jostled too badly if he came around. It had absolutely nothing to do with Dean’s intense desire to trail his fingers along Cas’ face. Dean was relieved to hear Cas grumble, and stunned yet again by hypnotic blue eyes as the man slowly rejoined the waking world.
Sam took a deep breath and realized that all he could do right then was wait – wait for Dean, wait for Rowena, wait to hear back from Cas’ uncle. It felt like all he ever did was wait. Maybe this time Sam could do something else besides wait. Just in case the witch had already left town, he could figure out a way to follow her. Sam found himself heading towards Rowena’s library, already figuring out what books he’d need to put together a tracking spell.
“Not exactly. She said it had to be the specific tree that grew out of the grave. She also said it wouldn’t be enough by itself. I’m looking at the spell now.” Dean decided to leave Cas to it and work on getting their gear together. It was still a vampire after all, even if it was some sort of mutant version.
“You can touch them. If you’d like.” It’s not a question, Cas can tell how much Dean wants to pet his wings. Cas is sure it must seem like an odd impulse to a human, to want to pet what appears to be bird-like wings growing out of an adult man’s back, but Cas wants Dean to touch him. He’s never had a human touch his wings before and he’s curious as to what it will feel like to have Dean’s fingers in his feathers.
“Yeah Sammy, I wanted to put lights up, Cas likes the ones on the Christmas tree. I mean, it’s easier to like the lights than the creepy antique ornaments, but I still think he’ll appreciate it.” Sam was happy to see how much thought Dean was putting into Cas’ gift.
“Thanks, Charlie. Now what?”
“Well, I can certainly get you the information on who was buried here, this was one of our more famous gravesites. The man buried here died in the early 1800s, he is one of two Revolutionary War veterans laid to rest in the cemetery, his name was William Abbot. I believe he held the rank of Captain. The Boone Historical Society may have more information about him, but he is one of the earliest burials in the cemetery and a lot of those records have been lost over the years.” Mrs. Paige chewed on her lower lip for a moment, staring along with Dean at the tree once again. “The tree will have to be removed to restore Captain Abbot’s grave.”
Now though, Cas thought maybe he’d already made Dean’s day a bit brighter, and he looked forward to getting to know the handsome man better. Maybe his impulse to offer his friendship to a stranger wasn’t as insane as it first seemed, and if Castiel was reading things right perhaps friendship wasn’t the only thing they had to offer one another.
“Dean. I think this will work. Dead man’s blood should still help to incapacitate it. We also need the ashes of it’s creator and the blessing of the divine.” Dean widened his eyes at that list, but he supposed it was doable. They could steal Louisa’s body from the morgue if necessary. “We use the spell to seal the ingredients into the wood of the elm. Then we have to stab the creature with the elm wood through its heart.”
“It’s not like anything has actually happened Sam. It’s not a big deal.”
“I’m sorry Dean, I thought I could handle it myself. I’ve been training with Rowena for three years now and Cas has been with her for much longer. I thought I was being smart taking backup with me, but I was dumb, and Cas got captured saving my life. Please, he’s my best friend, we can’t just leave him there!” Dean sucked in an angry breath, knowing he’d have time to yell at his idiot brother more later. Dean had never met Rowena’s older student, but he knew from his brother that Cas was primarily a healer and had been a good friend to Sam. Dean was grateful to the man as he knew Sam hadn’t had enough control of his abilities early on to stray too far from Rowena’s protection. He knew Cas’ friendship had helped Sam keep a positive outlook after they had escaped their father and found Sam sanctuary with Rowena.
“Okay, so obviously angels have wings, and you can project a shadow type image. You also said they can be used protectively to an extent – don’t they need to have some amount of physical presence in this plane for that to be possible?” Sam really did want to help Cas, but he was also geeking out a bit. How often did someone get the chance to learn this much about angels?
“Yes. Thank you for your assistance Sam.” Sam smiled at Cas brightly and got to work. Since they had already spent a day gathering ingredients, they just had to combine them and cast the spell. Sam did the actual spell work as Cas sat in a chair and tolerated the cold gunk being used to paint sigils on his back. Sam chanted in Enochian and for a moment it seemed like nothing had happened. Then there was a flash of blue light on Cas’ back and the sigils disappeared.
“It’s the only option I can see. Without his grace subdued, his soul will burn out in a year or less. I can, however, place a spell on him that will allow him to recognize a complimentary soul.” Gabe looked at the witch skeptically.
“Nothing. They don’t show up on the picture. Can’t say I’m surprised, but it was worth a shot.” Dean sat back down on the bed behind Cas and was silent for several long minutes. Cas assumed that Dean was examining whatever was going on with his back.
“Hey, Charlie just texted me asking if we wanted to go to some Christmas shopping thing with her tonight. I thought this would be a good chance for Cas to get in some more holiday experience.” Sam just laughed and told Dean that they should get ready if he wanted to go and his brother rushed off to tell Cas.
“This is beautiful,” stated Cas. The angel stood still for a moment, taking in the narrow wooden balcony that wrapped into a steep drop off of stone that served as a wall to the store but hadn’t been altered from the outside. Dean noticed what Castiel was looking at and led them back to a table right by the natural rock wall. They had an excellent view of the main street and all of the lights from their vantage point.
“Dean. What are you doing?” Dean smiled hazily at the angel.
Wiggling his ass in an extremely undignified manner Castiel managed to get the cuffs under his hips and then past his feet. He allowed himself a brief moment to enjoy the relief he felt in his minor accomplishment as he returned to an upright position. His arms were uncomfortable as they adjusted to the normal flow of blood but he needed to put them to work immediately. Clumsily shoving the hood off of his face, Cas blinked rapidly trying to force his eyes into compensating for the sudden rush of light.
“Well, Thanksgiving isn’t exactly picking out curtains together. If it makes you feel any better, I don’t really know how fast something like this is supposed to move anyway. Maybe we can both just make it up as we go?” Cas turns his head towards the hand that’s now cupping his face and kisses Dean’s palm softly. Dean responds by pulling Cas closer, until they are close enough to touch their noses together.
“Oh, I have got you covered.” Sam didn’t have the chance to even ask before Dean walked in waving his phone in the air.
“Um, I thought you didn’t want me touching them.” Dean couldn’t see Castiel, but he could hear him snickering. Dean pushed the wing away from his eyes in time to see Cas laughing at him.
“Do you really want to participate in this Angel Scavenger Hunt?” Cas asked Dean skeptically.
“What should I do about it, Charlie?”
“I’m sure, but that’s not why you asked me about it, is it?” Castiel now thought this wasn’t just a bad idea, but a terrible one.
“I’m glad I could share this with you.” Cas feels strange but happy. He can’t quite describe what the newer emotions are pouring through him, but it is similar to the relief of coming home when you have been away for a very long time. He does manage to catch himself before he literally begins to purr, but he must have made some sort of sound because Dean ceases his exploration of Castiel’s feathers.
“I’m proud of you Dean.”
“Dean, please come over for Thanksgiving. I don’t know about you, but I feel like you belong in my life – even if it’s just as friends. To be clear though, I’m very interested in being more than friends with you.” Dean flashes Cas a cocky smile and Cas holds up his hand to stall any response. “That’s probably beside the point. What I’m trying to say is you are not only welcome at my place for Thanksgiving, but I’d be happier if I got to spend the holiday with you.”
“Deal. Now, to the chocolate, Sam!”
“Yup!” Suddenly three sets of massive, incorporeal, and golden wings erupted into Cas’ field of vision. Jaw dropping, Cas’ entire worldview collapsed in on itself. What Gabriel was saying was true, he was part angel. With black wings that shifted in color and looked like pictures from a deep-space telescope. The witches that tried to take him hadn’t been lying, he really was a supernatural creature, not just a witch with a talent for healing.
“Ooo, I touched a nerve there. Go run back home to your boys, Feathers.” Crowley chuckled and turned back to his drink. Castiel walked out of the bar and got in his current vehicle. He was only a few hours from the bunker but as he started to drive, he found that he was actually bothered by what Crowley had said. He had observed that humans in this part of the world had specific cultural practices associated with Christmas that were very important to them. He had not known the Winchesters to pay much attention to the holiday, but should he do something for them? Sighing, Castiel decided he’d get to the bunker first and worry about human cultural practices later.
“What?”
“H-hello Dean. I’m Castiel, and I can’t apologize enough for overhearing your conversation with Dr. Barnes. I swear it wasn’t intentional, I was cleaning out the room you were standing near and – “
“Hello Dean.” Castiel stood in the doorway and watched Dean pull a box out from a back shelf and drag it to the front of the room where there was more space. He didn’t look up.
“I’m not sure how they’d even know where to start, I didn’t give them my name.” Cas followed Dean as he led the way.
“Do you mind if I send some of these to myself?”
“Come to my room? I, uh, I’m not asking for anything else tonight, but I was wondering if you’d be willing to just stay with me until I sleep? If that’s okay, I mean.” Dean stumbles over the words but Castiel is already tugging him in the direction of the bunker rooms.
“I will watch over you when you fall asleep Dean, and I would enjoy doing that while sharing your bed. I would also like to try doing this in my new bed at some point. With my bee pillow.” Dean snorts and Cas smiles happily, wondering what he was so afraid of in the first place. When they reach the room, Dean closes the door behind him and strips down to his boxers, looking at Cas questioningly. Cas mirrors Dean’s actions and then joins him under the covers.
We’d also like any information you might have on the person who was buried here,” Castiel interrupted. “Most of the marker seems to be missing, perhaps destroyed by the sudden growth of this tree.”
“Wait! I want him to have something from me. He’s part human, he’ll want answers when he’s older.” Gabriel nodded in agreement and watched quietly as Anna manifested her white plumage and honey-gold veined wings. He gasped to see the damage that had been done to them on the material plane. Even if there had been a way to save Anna, she would never have flown again. Anna found two types of primaries and a secondary that were still in good condition and yanked them out with a pained expression. She handed them to the archangel with a trembling hand and Gabe tucked them safely into the inner pocket of his jacket.
Dean and Charlie headed down to the breakfast area where Dean immediately downed half a cup of really fantastic coffee. After beginning to infuse himself with the blessed substance Dean noticed Charlie staring at him.
Dean figured two hours of driving had put them far enough away that it was relatively safe to stop. He’d seen Cas fighting off sleep earlier, and had a feeling that his passenger needed a decent night’s rest after all he’d been through that day. Pulling into a nondescript motel parking lot, Dean stopped at the front office and put his car in park. Asking Cas to wait a moment, Dean took care of securing a room for them that didn’t face the roadway. Dean found himself grateful for the stop as he pulled into an empty parking space near their room. While he was used to being able to drive for hours on end, something about today had drained him. On top of confronting members of the group responsible for his mother’s death, worrying about his brother, and literally running miles through the wilderness, Dean found himself dwelling on the strange pull he felt towards Cas more and more. In the deepest parts of his mind Dean admitted that spending some quiet time with the intriguing healer was a big part of why he wanted to stop for the night.
“So, Rowena said we can use the Wych Elm wood to kill the thing?” Cas didn’t even look up from the screen to answer Dean’s question.
“Everything okay man?” Castiel turned towards Dean upon hearing his words and Dean notices the sadness that ghosts across the angel’s face. “Seriously, Cas, what’s going on with you? You seem more, I dunno, out of it than usual.”
Dean ran his fingers through Castiel’s feathers, watching as stardust traveled in their wake. Dean thought that he’d never get over being able to see and touch his angel’s wings. When Jack had rescued Cas from the Empty, he’d given him a choice. Cas could come with Jack and help him rebuild Heaven, or he could remain on Earth. Dean had never once asked Cas to stay before that day, but he just couldn’t let the person he’d fallen in love with go on thinking that he couldn’t have the one thing that would make him happy. So, Dean asked.
“You know, that reminds me of something Mom told me.” Sam watched his brother carefully, but Dean had seemed calmer about Mom leaving since Cas had come back. “She told me she asked Cas how long it had taken him to feel like he belonged here – I guess because technically, she and Cas both had to experience adjusting to Earth after being in Heaven. Anyway, Cas told mom he still wasn’t sure he belonged. She said he seemed, uh, sad about it. Lost.” Dean felt like he had been stabbed through the heart. Cas felt like he didn’t belong?
Castiel handed him the keys to the car and Sam thanked them. He also asked about laundromats so he could wash up some of Dean’s clothes. Gabe gave him directions to one and Sam thanked him again.
Castiel looked at Dean but made his voice loud enough that they could all hear him. "I negotiated with him."
John could barely hear Dean’s response over the humming of rage in his own skull. Some part of him was listening and he could hear himself shouting back at Dean for whatever he had said. But what John was really focused on was his own thoughts.
Castiel gently set Dean down. They were back at the nest. It had been only a week or so since they had left after Dean’s heat. They had cleaned it up before they had left and it was ready for them to stay in again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean blushed bright red and Gabriel laughed but all the angels made sure they were fully dressed before the rest of the humans got up. Ellen was the next one up and she and Dean headed into the kitchen to make everyone breakfast. Gabriel offered to create something but Dean declined saying “I almost never get to use a kitchen. Let me have this.”
“It’s my vessel. It’s appetite for red meat has been touched by Famine’s effect.” Cas explained. Then quietly he added, “I directed the effect to my vessel. It was starting to touch my grace and it might have made me behave similarly to the dead people.”
“Where are you headed?” Dean asked. Part of it was curiosity but it also give him a direction to search if she didn't return on time.
"Harder, harder," Dean demanded as Cas thrust into him. One of the thrusts hit that special place inside that made everything better. "There! Oh god Cas, there!"
When Michael finally stepped back he looked at all of them. He looked a little lost. “I don’t know what I am supposed to do now,” he confessed.
Quickly after that everyone left. Cas promised both Gabe and Sam that they would have dinner soon and talk about what happened before ushering them out. Kate and Adam were nervous to say goodbye but Cas reassured them that nothing that had happened was their fault and slipped Kate his business card with his cell number on the back in case she wanted to get in touch with any of them.
Cas looked pleased. “I'm happy to hear that you find me attractive.” Then he got serious again. “Dean, please tell me about the eggs.”
Gabe urged Sam to start the cuddle therapy then left them alone.
Dean wasn't sure if he wanted to laugh or cry. It was like he was getting a do over. He thought about asking who Cas really wanted to take out but he wasn't sure he could stand it. He thought about saying no but he could never really say no to Cas.
Adam looked a bit puzzled by that but shrugged it off and stood saying, "well this has been fun but I have places to go and people to see."
Instead he told Michael, “You got beef with your brother. Well, get some therapy, pal. Don't take it out on my planet.”
Sam laughed. “Cas called. He didn’t want us to worry.”
Sam rounded a corner and saw them. “Oh good, there you are. I think I have another lead on Pestilence.” He turned to lead them back to the house. “There has been a surge of influenza cases recently. But here’s the thing, the clusters of outbreaks follow a line. I think that Pestilence is in a car, making his way up the highway.”
"Yes, she has expressed those views in several of the assignments already. I had planned to speak to her about it. Now I won't have to."
Dean stepped back and walked over to Lucifer, Castiel following and saying nothing.
Dean felt great. He felt loved and safe. He hadn’t really expected that. He had actually thought there would be a lot more internal panic. He lay there until the cum started to dry in his pants and become uncomfortable. He shifted a couple times and was ready to fight his way out of the nest when one of the angels seemed to realize what the problem was. Suddenly the drying cum was gone and he felt clean like he had just taken a shower.
Lucifer nodded and raised his hand to Dean's forehead but Dean stopped him saying "wait. Knockout Sam too."
“If we are having a grooming party, we should invite Gabriel. He probably hasn’t been groomed in years,” Lucifer replied.
It had been a couple months back at Atlantis before Elizabeth thought of the Winchesters again. She hadn't had a chance to meet them on the Daedalus due to the wraith computer virus. Since then she had been busy. Shepard's team had recruited Ronon Dex , then there was the case of McKay sharing his body with Cadman. She just hadn't had time to introduce herself to everyone.
"How are you?" Zach stammered.
“We are hoping any family bond can bring Dean around. And frankly we have nothing to lose" Gabe said with a shrug.
Sam only makes a guest appearances in this fic, but in my imagination a lot of the dancers, guys and girls, have crushes on him. And he has no idea because all those same dancers are too scared of Dean to say anything.
Cas closed his eyes at the sheer stupidity of his brother. “Gabe, you need to stop the bounty. I also do not want to see you or hear from you for at least a year. After that time you may present a proper apology to both myself and Dean. And if I hear that you are up to any of your normal pranks and tricks I will destroy you.”
Crowley didn't seem surprised that they had found him but Sam and Dean were surprised when he pulled out the Colt and proceeded to shoot two demons with it. He told the brothers they needed to talk and led them into a study.
Castiel left after that and went back to Gabriel. He was in the middle of telling Gabriel what Lucifer had said when Dean started praying. Castiel broke off mid sentence and gave a little chuckle at how he started and how he described Gabriel. Gabriel gave him a look and Castiel explained, "Dean is praying."
Cas tilted his head again. “I'm not sure what my temperature has to do with anything.”
Dean nodded and stood up. He was glad to see that the professor was currently alone, not surrounded by his normal fans. He made his way to the front of the class quickly, wanting time to talk to Dr Novak before the class started up again.
Mark grinned at the news. Gabe was sure if he wasn’t covered in scent blockers his scent would reflect joy and relief. “I also heard a rumour that your brother was courting the omega,” Mark said casually.
Dean turned to face him. Cas didn't move so they were almost nose to nose. For a second Dean thought how easy it would be to kiss him but instead he looked away and said, "Cas, we've talked about this. Personal space."
“Second, a person's gender matters less to me than I would have thought. And third,” here he turned to look right at Dean. Slowly and gently he took Dean’s hand, “I love you.”
“We’re going to get going,” Dean told them.
Epilogue
Cas shook his hand but said with confusion "I already know who you are."
Dean took a moment to bask in the fact that Cas sounded jealous before explaining. “Okay, first, not now or ever do I want Gordon to court me.” Cas opened his mouth but Dean held up a hand and continued, “when Gordon asked if you were my lover and announced my sexual attraction to men, he did it to either have me run out of town or killed. all I did was turn it around on him.”
Dean had to stare at Cas for a moment. This sounded like a remarkably bad idea to come from the angel. "You're serious about this." Cas nodded. "So, what, I'm Thelma and you're Louise and we're just gonna hold hands and sail off this cliff together?" Another reference lost on Cas, Dean really had to get the angel to watch some damn movies. "Give me one good reason why I should do this."
“I told Dean that I would have a talk with Lucifer. The fact he is neglecting our omega already, during the courtship, is disappointing.”
Castiel nodded. "Apparently he has been searching for an omega he first scented upon rising." Gabriel's eyes widened in understanding but he said nothing. "If this is true, I wish to speak to him. I would like your support though."
Dean stepped into view. He smiled at Castiel saying “Heya Cas,” to which Castiel replied, “hello Dean.”
Finally Cas spoke. “Do you want to see our nest?” he asked. His voice gave away nothing of his emotions.
Cas nodded and explained, “dragons are shapeshifters with two forms; the human form like I am in now and our larger form, sometimes called our true form. I would argue that both our forms are equally true, but for this discussion I will use those terms: human form and true form.
“Me? I’m fine,” Dean said. Then he looked around the room. “Seriously!! I just finished!” he yelled. He stomped closer to the dead body and kicked it for good measure.
So in this verse Dean can also use magic. His is just more hands on and practical... just like Dean.
“This place is a nexus of human reproduction. It's exactly the kind of garden the cupid will come to pollinate.” Castiel said, a little distracted. He was trying to sense the presence of the cupid but there was something else. He felt empty somehow. When he saw Dean deciding not to eat his food he asked if he could have it. Maybe that would fill the emptiness.
"So Castiel, have you found my omega?" Lucifer greeted him. He had his wings flared out to establish dominance but Castiel ignored it.
“Yeah? How so?” Dean asked.
The end
Lucifer took a deep breath ready to argue that he was an archangel, that healing was beneath him but then he caught Dean’s scent. It was nervous. He realised that Dean was just acting nonchalant. He also realised that this small act was a big deal to Dean. Finally he said, “ok I’ll do it.”
Just a super short chapter before a couple longer ones that are coming. I thought we could use a little fluff in our lives.
"Where are we headed?" Dean asked as Cas started navigating his way through the streets.
Sam muttered an agreement as Dean got up and walked back to Lucifer and Castiel. Lucifer opened up his arms and Dean stepped in. He leaned his head on Lucifer's chest and said, "I don't like this. I don't like that they keep moving the goalposts. "
“So what?” Sam asked, his face innocent. Dean wanted to laugh. Everyone thought of him as the trouble maker but Sam could give it out as good as anyone.
I also realized that there is only about 4 more chapters after this. It will be a little weird when it's over. I spent so much time on this story over the last almost year. I do have some other stories that are almost ready for me to post but it will still be sad to let this one go. Maybe I'll have to write a couple timestamps in the future.
Sam nodded, looking thoughtful.
Thanks for joining me!
So my sister got a puppy on the weekend and it's so cute! She'll ask for favors like "can you stop by and play with the puppy for a bit?" and I'm like "of course!"
While Cas ate, Dean started sorting through his alloys. He had several large pieces of iron he set aside for swords. He also had some smaller pieces of iron which he  made a pile of, some small bits of silver, and even a chunk of gold. He rarely used gold for anything, it was too expensive, but some monsters could only be killed with a gold-plated knife. With the small amount of gold he had, Dean could probably make at least two such knives. Given all the hunters around right now it might be worth it.
“I can’t find you,” she told him as she sat down beside him.
“I heard you want to back out of therapy,” Gabe stated after him and Dean had gotten through the small talk of catching up.
He gave his brother a hug, which calmed him down a little. “Let’s concentrate on getting Dean better.” he suggested.
“We will take turns grooming each other. We will start with Lucifer, then Gabriel and lastly myself,” Castiel told him as Lucifer got in position on the bed, wings out.
Dean wandered over to Bobby and clinked beer bottles with him. They drank in silence for a while, watching as Jo, Ellen, and Sam embraced Dean’s alphas, both literally and figuratively.
“Hopefully he gets here soon. We can’t keep the omega under indefinitely,” Meg reminded him.
"Really?  Why not?" Sam asked.
"Well boys, I have gotta get going," Bobby said as he stood up.
He was so distracted he didn’t notice anyone nearby.He was hit from behind and knocked out.
“This looks great!” Dean told Sam enthusiastically.
Dean looked at him. “I don’t remember that.”
“I want you to heal Bobby. He’s in a wheelchair.”
He told Sam and Bobby to go ahead of him as he got sprayed down with scent blockers.
"So did you get one?" Sam asked. His eyes were searching every bit of exposed skin, looking for a mark.
"Well, not really somewhere to be but I was thinking…" Sam let his voice fade as Cindy refilled their coffee then continued once she was out of earshot, " We only dealt with two of the four horsemen. Pestilence and Death are still put there."
He heard Adam ask what the plan was and Dean just sighed. He had already said the plan. Let Micheal have a vessel and then negotiate with him to end the apocalypse. Did he really have to explain it again?
He went into the tavern and made his way to the bar. The barmaid, Jo, was chatting with some men Dean knew were hunters. Jo wanted to be a hunter or a mercenary but her mom Ellen hated the idea. Jo's dad had been killed on a hunt when she was little. Ellen just wanted to keep her remaining family safe.
While they waited John went into the room and asked Sam to step out.
“May I touch your back, Mr Winchester?” Novak asked politely.
Dean is 26
"Uh, Cas?" He said tentatively. "What's wrong?"
A glance at the clock as he walked by revealed that it was early afternoon. He had slept through the morning. No wonder he was so hungry.
Epilogue
“I've got you to get you guys out of here,” Dean muttered. He saw Cas open his mouth. Gritting his teeth, he cut Cas off, saying, “I know you'll be fine but if we want everyone to think you guys are human, we've got to get you out.”
Dean asked another question and got a longer response this time. Elizabeth caught something about trapped, brother, and someone named Gabriel. She looked over to see Sam staring at the screen, a look of intense concentration on his face. She wanted to ask him what they were saying bit she didn't want him to miss anything. She was suddenly very glad the interview was being recorded. Next time they had contact with earth, she wanted to send it to Dr Jackson for independent translation.
They sat there quietly for a few more minutes before Lucifer heard the sound of wings. Castiel appeared with two other men. Lucifer was surprised to see that he recognised one of them; it was Sam Winchester, his vessel. He knew Sam wasn't an omega so it meant that the other man must be.
Dean and Sam exchanged shocked looks. Finally Dean threw up his hands. “It was bad enough when I thought we were getting three lizard looking things. Now we've got babies? Human babies? How are we going to explain that? How do we even take care of them?”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck and said. "You didn't need to rush on my account. You know I don't mind waiting."
Dean woke up to see his future self. That was surreal. Dean was tied up and future him seemed to have no plans to let him go. Asshole.
Cas looked at him but addressed Sam, "when we get there we will meet with Lucifer and if Dean is the omega he has been looking for he will ask Dean for permission to court him. That is assuming he finds his third. There is no courting without that."
Dean had to agree. While he cleaned up Sam took the charms with him to his workshop where he was going to try to contact Gabe. Since they were both wizards and Sam had been Gabe’s apprentice, they had magical means of communication. Dean didn't really get it but if it worked he was happy to use it.
There was quiet for several minutes, a rustling of paper, then Cas said, "I have tickets to a play and was wondering if you would accompany me."
It was through Bobby that Dean learned that there were two types of soul mates; romantic and platonic. His parents were a prime example of the first type. Surprisingly Bobby was actually an example of the second type. He had a platonic soulmate named Rufus. The two men didn't spend all their time together, sometimes going months between visits. But when you saw them together they were like two halves of a whole. Bobby had once described it as a deep love and trust in the other person without any messy romantic stuff. He knew that if he ever needed Rufus, Rufus would be there as soon as possible, ready to fight whatever needed fighting. And it went both ways. Personally Dean thought he would prefer a platonic soulmate over a romantic one any time.
He wondered what would happen if Dean did come back from feral and him and Castiel decided to mate? Where would he be when that happened? Would he have to get his own place? Who would he nest with when he was feeling vulnerable and close to feral?
No one seemed to notice Dean's exit from the burning building so he took a moment to look around. their house was still standing and the fire didn't seem to have reached it yet. Sam and Gabe were sitting bound, gagged, and guarded in front of the house. His friends like Charlie and Jo were also being held back by Gordon's goons. Gordon was currently in a shouting match with Charlie.
Finally she got them back on task and they finished their briefing. As they left to head through the stargate, she could still hear them teasing each other. She rolled her eyes then got ready for her next mission briefing.
Dean beamed at him as he walked away. Then he turned to Sam and asked, "isn't he the best? Just like I told you right?"
“I don’t know?” Sam answered. He seemed baffled by everything that had happened.
She smiled. “Yeah. Don’t be a stranger and don’t screw up all our hard work.”
Bobby rolled back to where his beer was and muttered "It's not his fault you forgot he was an omega."
“Are you sure you want more of these?” Dean asked ruefully. Cas just smiled at him, took his hand and led him back to where their little family was waiting for them.
"Over my heart," Sam replied, gesturing to his chest.
Everyone stared at him. Well, everyone, except Dean. He used the distraction to disarm the man holding a gun on him.
Dean had regrets about how Cas came to find out about Dean’s feelings but he was glad that they had a solid friendship before they started dating. Cas had been his first love and now it looked like he would be his last love too. And now all the dates Cas planned were real one just for Dean.
Dean could have cum like that but he hadn't been lying about wanting Cas inside him. So he let go of his own dick and, spreading his legs wider to make space for him, he guided Cas to his entrance. It took a couple misaimed thrusts then Cas was sliding inside.
He couldn’t believe his family, all of them, could betray him like that. He needed a drink.
“Shut up.” the man holding the gun on him didn’t seem impressed. “Hands where I can see them.” he demanded.
Michael had vanished before Dean had finished speaking but Gabriel gave him a wink and said “I’ll have him home for dinner.” then he too was gone.
Dean nodded and let him go.
“Just make sure you put in a loophole for us. It would be bad if we kept forgetting to take care of the eggs,” Dean warned.
Then Walt fired the gun.
I hope everyone is having a great day!
They were planning to have their first date without scent blockers that night. Gabe had high hopes for the date, he was even planning to wear his nice underwear. So he did not have time for whatever he was being called for.
"It's good to see you little brother." Lucifer said fondly.
"The whole pie is mine," Dean repeated like he couldn't believe what he had just heard.
Dean looked at him then back to Castiel. Castiel knew that Dean was worried about Sam coming but that he would also find it comforting to have him there. Castiel gave Dean a slight nod.
Dean's POV
Bobby was sitting at his desk shouting something into the phone. Dean thought he caught something about epsom salts not working on ghosts, and of course Bobby called the person an idjit. When he caught sight of them he quickly ended the call.
“He's still looking for a dragon to take the eggs either before or after they hatch. Unfortunately dragons are really rare and normally live out of reach of humans. He said it was really strange that their,” he gestured to the eggs, “mom was so easy to get to. Anyways he's heard of one that might be a good bet but it doesn't seem to have a mate or nest, so it moves around a lot. Gabe’s trying to track it down.”
Cas kissed him on the cheek and flew off. As soon as he was gone both Jo and Sam let out over exaggerated “awes.” Dean scowled at him but could feel his face heat up.
Sam agreed and they hung up. Dean checked his watch. He had about an hour before he had to meet Cas.
Dean made it halfway through his normal "morning Cas" when his voice trailed off and he got a look of wonderment on his face.
I hope you are all having a great weekend! Stay safe out there!
Castiel smiled at him. "No that is all. Do you have a place and a time you would like to meet?"
Sam took another sip of his tea then said in a casual joking tone "I hope we aren't about to be run out of town again."
She gestured for the team to follow her and led them back to her office. She took a moment to sit down and pull up all the relevant data on her computer.
It was a good answer and got a good response from Dean. Then Sam introduced Jess properly. It was going well and Gabe was happy. He did notice that Dean kept Jess in sight at all times and tensed up every time she moved but it was subtle.
Once he thought they were hot enough, he pulled them out and knelt next to Cas. “Sorry, this is going to hurt,” he said to the unconscious man before laying the tongs against the largest gash.
Sam blinked confused a couple times but took the cup. By the time he had taken several sips life and excitement had entered his eyes.
Cas nodded. “For some reason he was convinced that the children were not his and in fact mine. I reminded him that Hael was my sister and that he was her mate but he wouldn't hear it. He didn't even seem sorry that they were dead. I told him he was insane and he just laughed. So we fought.”
Dean blushed, looked down and silently took another bite of his pie. Castiel did not take his eyes off of Dean as he smiled and took a step back.
After he explained what the plan was Gabe was able to convince them to go have lunch and come back a couple hours later. But first he had to say his goodbyes to Cassie, involving a bit of calming scenting for both of them, and show Sam and Jess how to get to the ward.
After a tense moment Michael slowly and solemnly nodded. Gabriel let out a cheer and hugged Castiel. Lucifer saw Dean slap Sam’s hand, palms together. Lucifer, himself, stepped forward to give Michael a hug. It was awkward at first, they had spent millennia thinking that they were going to fight the next time they saw each other, but then Michael relaxed into the hug.
Lucifer's POV
One thing that the therapy was revealing was how bad John Winchester had been as a dad. He had always kinda known that but had justified it with excuses like he was trying his best, and he had lost his wife. But when Tess had asked what Dean would do if Cas died and they had a pup together Dean knew he would do everything in his power to make sure that pup had the best life it could. Then he found Cas and cried in his arms for almost an hour at the thought of losing him. Tess later apologized for that.
The demon just laughed and threw more lightning towards Dean. That was the last straw.
"Humans mate in pairs," Gabriel reminded him. "Maybe it would be fine."
“Dad, stop.” Sam was talking this time. “If you leave now, maybe we won’t even press charges.”
Gabe laughed. “Don’t worry big guy. There is no competition from me. Cassie is my little bro.”
He joined the other men at the table. Cas slid over a plate of sandwiches. Dean gave him a grin and a quick thanks before digging in.
Cas's POV
"Is it Sam?" He asked, gesturing to Dean's chest.
"That's awesome Sam," Dean said, meaning it. Sam grinned at him and readjusted his shirt back to normal.
When Dean and Sam didn't say anything he reminded them that they were just like Michael and Lucifer in relation to their own father; Dean had been loyal even when their dad was gone, and Sam had always been rebellious to their dad's plans.
“Welcome to Soulmates 101” a deep voice caught the class's attention. It was the hot man from the front of the room. “I am your professor Dr Novak. In this class we will be discussing the history, mythology and truth of soulmates. I am handing around a syllabus.” he handed a stack of papers to the closest student who took one and passed the rest on.
Sam looked at Dean in shock. “Are we going to talk about what is going on or not?” he asked
Bobby walked in as Gabe shouted, turned right around and walked back out.
Dean heard the flap of Cas's wings before he saw him. Moments later Cas landed and, in a flash of light, resumed his human form. he walked over to Dean completely at ease with his nakedness
Dean's POV
Dean was busy staring  into his eyes to answer. They were bluer than Dean had thought. It took almost a full minute before Dean realized he was staring into Dr Novak's eyes like a dumbass and that the man had asked him a question. "um, I just want to start by saying thanks for stepping when you did. I was about to do something, not sure what but it probably wouldn't have ended as well." Dean said rubbing the back of his neck nervously.
"Mates?" Micheal asked.
Gabriel's grin faded and he stared at Castiel. "Lucifer? You can't be serious."
Sam grimaced but Gabe continued, "look, you can't change the past. I think all of us wish we could, particularly our angsty teen years. Instead of spending your time stressing about what  you coulda/shoulda done, focus on what you can do. And as far as I can see, that is what you have been doing. That makes you a good brother in my mind."
"Yeah, we didn't get much sleep since Castiel called," Sam told him. "I cant believe that was only yesterday. It seems like forever ago."
“They tell you they were gonna roast half the planet?” Lucifer could tell Sam was trying to keep his temper.
He mentioned something about Lucifer needing to find a vessel. Sam was surprised that Lucifer needed a meat suit but Zach reminded them that Lucifer was an angel. There are rules. Dean was barely listening.
"I don't want you wandering off and sucking demon blood. I don't want to have you go through the detox process again. It sucked." Dean's voice was slightly muffled as he had his face buried in Castiel's chest.
They didn’t move. Dean, his traitorous son, offered to call them a cab and Kate nodded. John looked to Adam but he wanted to stick with his mom. John swore and stomped off, heading for his car and the closest bar he could find.
"Who are you calling scruffy looking?" Dean grinned.
Dean went into the bathroom to take a shower and Sam started to talk to Castiel about disposing of the bodies in their motel room before they left. No one seemed to notice that Lucifer was just standing there in shock.
Adam looked to Kate but she seemed frozen.
Cas gave him a fond look but said, “I'm not sure that will be a problem.”
I hope everyone is doing well. The world seems like a strange place right now and it can be a little lonely so I am happy that you are all here to enjoy stories (not just mine) together.
Elizabeth nodded and Sam gave a sigh of relief. He fast forward to a point where Castiel was talking again. "This is at the end of the interview. Castiel admitted that he had been watching Dean and that might be why Gabriel trapped him in the maze. He then seemed to realize what he had said and refused to say another word. Dean tried for a couple more minutes then declared the interview over."
Lucifer gave him a sharp look but said “A missed prayer or two shouldn’t have put him out like this.”
“Look he’s blushing,” Jo crowed.
“Because to stop the apocalypse we need to talk to him. He won’t talk to us without a vessel. And who’s going to stop him?” Dean waved his arms toward the angels. “We’ve got two archangels of our own on our side, plus whatever the hell, or heaven, Cas is.”
The BBQ was to celebrate a few things. First it was going to be a babyshower kind of thing, then when Sam won his first big case they had added that to celebrate, then Gabe had come home from one of his dates with the alpha he had been dating, Balthazar, with a mating bite and a huge grin. Now here they were.
They then moved on to the first part of class content: common knowledge about soulmates. Nothing discussed was new to Dean or Sam. It was the same stuff they had learned from Bobby. It was stuff like the types of soulmates (platonic and romantic), placement of marks and meanings behind the marks.
It was dark outside and a storm seemed to be blowing in. His shirt and pants were soaked in seconds. it was strange, he didn't remember it being this bad when he'd walked over before. Squinting through the rain he could make out a figure slowly walking towards him.
"You two need to be more careful." Cas said as they stood.
Gordon started to sputter something but Sam lifted his hand and he went quiet. Sam's voice rang out, loud enough for everyone to hear, “you came into my house, in the middle of the night, bound, and gagged my guest and myself, before dragging us outside. Then you made us watch as you set fire to my brother’s smithy with him inside. I know you knew he was in there. Why else would you barricade the door? Did you remember he was immune to fire? Is that why you did it?”
Castiel gave a small smile. "I have to get back to Dean. I will talk to you soon. We need some up with a plan for courting our omega."
Poor Lucifer is so baffled by what just happened!
After another confrontation with future him they came to an understanding. Future Dean showed him the Colt and said he was going to kill the devil. They met with Cas and another leader to come up with a plan of attack. Most of it made Dean just depressed for the future but his heart did skip a beat when future Cas admitted to future Dean "I like past you." He wondered if the same was true for his Cas.
“Smell something good.” Dean whispered back, still not opening his eyes.
He almost got a fist to the face when he threw open the door. The man on the other side, a courier based on the insignia on his clothes, had his fists raised to knock again. He lowered it as soon as the door opened.
"Me too," Dean paused so long Castiel thought he had gone to sleep, then he said, "want to play?"
Dean's POV
It was about half hour later when Cas came back into view. He stopped outside the door and stared in. Dean got up and walked over to the door just to be the slight bit closer to his alpha. Dean couldn’t scent him from inside the room but he could tell that Cas was as miserable about the situation as he was. Someone must have called to him because after giving a small wave to Dean, Cas walked back toward where they had taken the alpha.
Castiel realised he needed a second opinion, one that understood angels. He went outside and prayed silently to Gabriel. "Gabriel please come, I wish to speak to you." He wasn't sure Gabriel would come. He was trying to stay out of the apocalypse after all.
Sam turned to him. "Stupid?” He asked indignantly. “He was trying to help us."
"Dean, most of your problems with your brother have been because of secrets and miscommunication." Cas reminded him.
“But Dean,” John started to protest.
“In front of witnesses Castiel and Dean have shown that they are ready to face all challengers and make a nest together. I declare them mates.” Bobby announced. Cheers broke out from Sam, Jess, and Gabe as they leaned forward and kissed.
The babies, Claire, Emma, and Jack, were the loves of his life. He always thought his love for Sam was strong given that he had practically raised the kid, but there's nothing compared to what he felt for his kids (as he thought of them). Part of it might be that Sam was an adult now and able to take care of himself. The other part might be that these kids were more than Dean had ever hoped he would get, given his sexual attraction to men. Now he had the three most beautiful babies to raise and protect. Even when he was at his most tired and frustrated, he knew he would give his life in a heartbeat for any one of them.
