Sherlock does not show him hell. Sherlock shows him heaven.
"You want to feel like that again, don't you?"
“Have you ever heard of such a thing as first impression, Mr. Watson?”
What once was a warehouse is now turned into a garage which, to John's great relief, is empty apart from the car without wheels resting on support stands in line with the bigger gate next to the door. For a moment his heart jumps with excitement, as he hopes to simply leave the jacket in the car and disappear before anyone sees him, but the car is not Sherlock's. Losing a Greaser's jacket would be worse than tripping and spilling milk on it, and Mark was walking with a limp a week after that accident.
“I wish to be on your side, Mr. Watson, but you have to let me. I will not inform the headmaster of your slip, but in return I would like you to accept my help. That is the purpose of us teachers. Now, bend over.”
Nothing John said could disarm the ticking bomb and fifteen minutes later he found himself in the corner of the street, guided there by the Greaser's commanding words. The fresh morning air taints his cheeks pink and plays with the sheer fabric of his pyjama bottoms, for the first time on display for the neighbourhood's curious eyes. The leather jacket is as useless as his words and today it does not draw a proud smirk from the other's lips where it hangs awkwardly over John's shoulder, one sleeve over his arm and the second hanging along his back as a result of Sherlock's impatience. The Greaser towers above him and John nearly crouches in fear of being beaten, but Sherlock does not resolve to physical violence. There is no need for injuries when each syllable leaving the skilled tongue resembles whiplashes.
It comes a moment later, when Sherlock takes pity on him and strong arms pull him up from the desk and presses him to a protective chest. One arm hooked under his armpit keeps John standing and its hand presses firmly over John's mouth as the other hand grabs his cock. It only takes a few firm strokes from Sherlock, matched with the unrestrained thrusting and a pair of lips sucking a deep purple mark on his neck, for John's knees to buckle. The orgasm hits him with unforgiving strength and there is little John can do but sob into Sherlock's palm as the walls inside his arse clench around the Greaser's cock.
“No, I'm not.” Sherlock's tight voice is followed by a loud honk as the Greaser's frustrated fist lands on the car horn. “Shut up.”
The journey in the car is awkward, but Sherlock does not seem to notice. He turns on the radio and taps his fingers against the steering wheel, matching the rhythm of the song blasting out of the speakers with inappropriate strength. John feels out of place. He, with his big glasses and neatly combed hair, does not belong in a car like Sherlock’s. In the corner of his eye he can see the tiny nail on the speed indicator rise and rise as Sherlock’s presses the car well over the allowed limit and John has to fight the urge to grip the edge of his seat in pure terror.
Sherlock's expression is indecipherable as he withdraws his finger and slowly rubs the cum onto John's cheek. “If only you could have this part of me inside of you forever... Forever mine.”
Moriarty does not notice that Sebastian is coming towards them, hesitant steps taking him across the soft grass as John's odd behaviour attracts his attention. The dark, dilated eyes are fixed solely on John, barely blinking in determination not to miss a second of John's last, shaky breaths.
Long and thin and what everybody fears but never talks about.
“No!”
The Greaser's long fingers card through John's hair and he nearly gives in to the urge to sigh. His blue eyes seek Sherlock's and he slowly licks his lips which still carry the taste of the other boy.
Sherlock leans across the passenger seat to open the door for him and John smiles insecurely as he clumsily climbs inside with his two bags.
When he went to bed the previous night he called them boyfriends, but now he is starting to doubt what intentions Sherlock was hiding behind his sweet words. The rich boy with some time to kill, looking for a toy to wreck.
Sherlock.
“I don't need a cuddle,” John replies, harsher than he intended. He licks his lips and quickly looks down. He is not turning into Sherlock. “I'm sorry, Sir.”
“Are you sure you want to spend Saturday with Victor?” Sherlock pulls his hand back just long enough to safely take them through a turn and then makes up for the moment of not touching him by squeezing John's shoulder. “I could take us back to the lake. Lay you down in the soft moss, undress you and cover your body with kisses...”
Moriarty’s voice turns almost sad, if he is capable of such emotions, but John's eyes are accusatory when they leave Sebastian to instead focus on Moriarty.
The hold hurts, the welts sting and John squirms.
Sebastian straddles the motorcycle and John can only admire the way he becomes one with the machine. He turns to leave when Sebastian starts the engine, but he can only take a few steps before the Greaser calls him back over the rumbling noise.
“What are you talking about?” Sherlock frowns as he walks up to John and places a hand on the low of his back to guide him inside. “This is where I live. Come on, let me show you my room.”
For now. A cold set of fingers drag their way down his spine when he thinks about his parents, humbly saying their prayers to at any moment return home, blissfully unaware of who might be waiting for them.
During lunch John takes his sandwich and leaves his friends behind as he sits down under his and Sherlock's tree. He leans against the rough trunk and looks out over the school as he waits for Sherlock to join him, but the Greaser never shows up. John sees him by his car, smoking a cigarette and talking to Greg, who looks so upset that he eventually leaves and Sherlock puts out the cigarette against the sole of his shoe. The Greaser's gaze seems to scan the school area with exception of the part where John sits and then he saunters off, leaving John to finish his lunch without a big hand stroking through his hair.
“I… I recognise you,” he stutters and takes a small step back. “You were in the rugby team. I am too. I was allowed in the team when you quit and they needed more players.” John makes a small pause and glances up at the face above, not sure whether he is increasing or decreasing the risk of having his nose broken. “I have been told that you were very promising. Very talented. The other players miss you.”
“For me, B means Boron. Low abundance on Earth and in the solar system. Similar to the way I am a rare element to the human species.”
"There is nothing to explain."
It takes Sherlock a moment to reply, and when he does his voice sounds distant.
His voice is as steady as his hand and he looks up at the man with fear in his eyes. God knows, God knows everything, but in his hand he is holding the evidence that will have him judged also by the living. He feels numb when the man takes the photograph from his weak fingers and puts it back where John cannot reach it.
“That thing you said about my friends,” John says when he after some hesitation sits down, ignoring the leather jacket offered to him and instead sits directly on the grass. “It’s not true. They wouldn't be my friends if they hated me.”
The darkness fills John before he can wrap his arms around himself and Sherlock is back on his mind. Overwhelms him with memories of firm lips and gentle touches. Sebastian notices the drastic change and shrugs.
A moment later the sound of Sherlock's shoes moving over the floorboards ceases and John can only assume that he found what he was looking for. He hears a click followed by a rushing noise, a moment of scraping and, when the needle finds the track, music. Johnny Cash fills his bedroom.
“Between me and... What?” John involuntarily flinches and he steps back to stare at Molly. “Nothing. Nothing is going on between me and Sherlock. He is a... Come on, Molly. He is a Greaser.”
Sherlock turns around to pick up some of the pillows, but John stops him with a hand on his arm.
The long fingers move like spider legs when they possessively stroke over John's shoulder and arm and John soon sighs defeatedly. He is more comfortable with the heavy arm around him and with the special scent of Sherlock so strong in his nostrils.
"Sherlock, I-"
John shakes his head and looks down with a smile that tells the dirty floor just how tired he is of the rumour. “Sherlock did not kill Carl Powers. His death was an accident, everyone knows that.”
We can't lose her.
“I’m here to see Ciri” she leaned in to say into the bouncer’s ear.
I blinked and smiled, then waited.
Several months later, it was gone completely.
“And now that I’ve had a taste…”
He whistled and the two other irish vamps appeared at his side. "See you soon" he turned and the three all disappeared into the night.
“You two gentlemen” pointing to Sherlock and Lestrade “Will be my escorts for the evening. John will be up top on the roof keeping an eye on the alleyways and side streets next to the club.”
“A name. Give me a name.” Cereza pressed.
"Teeth" removing the current slide and replacing it with the next.
“Go to the edge of the balcony and keep a lookout,” she told Sherlock. He left them and casually made his way over to look down at the crowd and surrounding club.
“John” Sherlock breathed. “I’ll be careful, Lestrade will make sure my virtue is intact” he whispered into his ear.
“It doesn’t?” she replied laughing a little.
“Incredible timing as ever, Gavin” Sherlock breathed and pulled himself together.
***********
When I finished I looked into the eyes of my willing volunteer; he looked utterly debauched. I leaned down and kissed him deeply. Running my tongue along the seam of his mouth with him hungrily opening for me. We now devoured each other. Grinding against each other. He was close and so was I. I turned his head to the left and bit down once more while taking both of us in my hand. It only took a few strokes and we were bucking and sighing into one another with our combined release. I collapsed on top of him, and he embraced me; running his hands up and down my sweat-slicked back.
"I'll ask you again" dropping her voice "Why. Are. You. Here?" London is NOT your territory."
“Uh hem!” a throat was cleared from across the room.
"You must be Dr. Watson" an irish lilt in his voice. "Didn't know that you played for our team nowadays, must have been a recent development, hmm?" He grinned. With a snap of his fingers, he appeared directly in front of him. John moved back but he grabbed the lapels of his jacket and kept him there. He ran his fingers over the bumblebee pin "Ah, I see you've already been claimed. Shame."
Lestrade looked her in the eyes and dipped his head in for a kiss. It was slow and languid, Lestrade took a deep breath in through his nose and kissed deeper. His tongue sliding across her lips. She sighed into the Detective’s mouth remembering the last time she had a taste of him. She released his mouth and moved down his jaw to his neck. Running her tongue along his pulse point, she felt him squirm in her lap. She bit down gently and took a deep pull.
Sherlock arched his brow “Your silence is confusing, John, do I look the part or not?”.
But we both knew.
Our daughter.
“There’s nowhere to go, mate,” Lestrade called “Get on your knees with your hands in the air”.
"Hmmm" John began and he leaned over and took a fork full of my linguini "There shouldn't be any problem, I asked them to not put garlic in our meals" and I saw just a hint of a smile creep onto my bloggers face.
"Perhaps I'll make an exception" moving now into his personal space.
Oh, this was too good...John you cheeky bastard.
When he saw me look at his hands that day...
John couldn’t take it anymore he went to go through the rooftop exit but he heard a soft “whump” behind him. He turned and thought he must be looking at a ghost.
I finally met his gaze and arched an eyebrow.
He thought for a moment "Quite a lot actually, anything specific you are inquiring about?"
***********
“Yes,” she breathed into his neck.
“Be careful” he heard John through this earpiece “Do not engage, only observe”.
And then we both began to giggle, clutching each other tighter.
*******
“You did…” Sherlock started.
John was hiding something, and seemingly something that was embarrassing. Oh, this might be fun.
I love you, he said.
***********
She arched her brow at the “Geoff” comment but quickly moved on “The Holmes family I go way back. Throughout the generations, their bloodline has never let me down.” She narrowed her eyes at Sherlock and quickly appeared in his personal space “and I don’t expect them to start anytime soon”. She stared directly into Sherlock’s eyes. He answered her gaze and nodded.
“Hmm?” I was tapping away at my mobile and didn’t look up at him.
Sherlock scoffed. Cereza winked at John and he smiled back.
Sherlock’s eyes rolled back and hissed through his teeth, rocking his hips into John.
What is it that you want?” she inquired.
Trust.
“Kiss me,” Cereza said plainly to Lestrade “Time to put on a show, kiss me”
Lestrade tensed hearing Sherlock’s message of 2 suspects at the bar. Cereza ran her hand up and down his arm and whispered “go to him”. He slowly made his way out of Cereza’s lap.
We talk about retirement and moving to Sussex.
No more recklessness, heading head-first into danger.
John is such a fascinating man.
John whipped his head around in surprise.
We swayed slowly to the music. 1 song. 3 songs. 5 songs.
He knows I love him.
“You…” John took a breath “You can’t go out looking like that” he brought his lips to Sherlock’s neck, pressing his body against his.
He shook his head “Why does his blood do that to me, I didn’t feel that with Carter or anyone else? Why is his blood...why do I feel so...feral around him?”
He was enough for me.
But we both knew.
“Obviously, observing is what I do best,” he replied.
John moved to them immediately "Stay behind me" he said now putting himself between them and Moriarty.
"It tastes... I don't know" I started and put the meal down.
“If I had known you had a vampire kink, I might have done something a lot sooner” I chided.
I did my best to make a low growling noise and heard John gasp in response “I’ll… I’ll be in my room if you need me…” he stammered, but I heard the lust in his husky voice.
about what might happen if one was a character in those stories" he blushed again and finished his tea. "You said this was for a case?" he asked.
"...thank you for the tea," I said quickly, trying to change the subject.
"Do you mean to tell me..." The kettle whistled and he turned around to make our tea. "You bought a pair of vampire’s teeth?'
The suspect complied and Lestrade told the two officers to cuff him. However, when the two officers approached, the suspect withdrew a knife from his sleeve and slashed the throat of one officer and stabbed the chest of the other, and was now making his way to Lestrade. As the suspect lunged for him, he was intercepted by a woman, and for her credit, was greeted with a knife to the heart. She looked down at the knife in her chest and staggered a bit, but then pulled it out and dropped it to the ground. She strode over to the suspect and grabbed him by the head, snapping his neck in two.
On the 5th day of my ruse, we got take-away from Angelo's. I took a bite and quickly realized that something was wrong, it tasted differently, did Angelo change his recipe?
But we never said anything.
“Sentiment” I agreed.
“...he pricked his tongue on my teeth...”
think that
"Canine extenders...wait...Sherlock?" he leaned forward on the kitchen table begging me to look him in the eyes. I felt his heated gaze and tried my best not to look up, however, I did feel my face start to blush.
"It’s a set of custom-made canine extenders I bought online" writing down my findings from that next slide, not looking up.
"I've read a number of vampire stories over the years, so one does...
Cereza grabbed Lestrade’s arm and steered him out of the flat and down the stairs.
“You’re thinking...You can’t wait to inspect your work and track the healing progress of all the bites on me for your case aren’t you?” He mumbled into my chest.
“John Watson, are you saying that
"I've been... dead... a lot *choke* longer than that, I'm afraid Dr. *cough* Watson" he struggled "My dear, would you mind not squeezing so hard *chokes* it's hard to...have a ...conversation".
John reluctantly accepts the glass pressed in his hand and he looks down at the fluid which takes a warm beige tone from the reflection of his palm. He can feel his mother's eyes carefully observe his every move and he searches back in his mind for something useful until a biology lesson almost two months ago appears in his head and he slowly lowers the glass.
John stops short, momentarily blocking the doorway until impatient hands push him out of the way and his classmates flood outside. The fabric of his underwear irritates his sore skin when he slowly turns around, a reminder that Mr. Stokes currently is as far away from being his favourite teacher as it is possible to be. The punishment, he realised ten minutes into his biology lesson that morning, was more than six painful reminders on his backside. It is seven hours of suffering through class on hard, uncomfortable wooden chairs and he suddenly sees himself attempting to study positioned on his stomach on the bed instead of at his desk.
“I came to see my Golden Boy,” Sherlock replies and puts out a cigarette against the sole of his shoe. A moment later he finds the packet in his pocket and uses it as a container for the butt. “See? I'm not leaving any evidence, they will never know I was here. Now step away from the window, I'm coming in.”
The man's voice is indecipherable and the emotionless eyes make John squirm.
He chooses a random route through town, on occasions walking down the same street twice, until no signs of Sherlock forces him closer to the warehouse. John's heart rate increases when his gaze falls upon the unwelcoming building and the fear of becoming the victim of a nameless Greaser's amusement is overshadowed by a new, more intimidating fear. He has seen Sherlock walk the hallways of school with a black eye and a swollen lip. Rumours describe him as a talented fighter, untouchable unless he is surrounded by five men twice his size, and John cannot ignore the fact that he is one teenager barely reaching to the other's shoulder.
John deliberately waits as long after class as he dares, until the hallways are empty and there is no one around to see where he is going. There is shame in knocking on the door to a teacher's office. Perhaps not for Sherlock, who he imagines to be spending more time in the offices than in class, but for the Golden Boy it is a new low. The drop must be historical, both in speed and in depth, and all because of one, irresistible boy.
Sherlock neither reveals his deduction nor waits for John to confirm the unspoken. It is not necessary, the more time they spend together the more convinced John becomes that the Greaser actually is a genius.
“The bed is for sleeping,” he insists quietly. “Just sleeping.”
He lifts his gaze and meets Sherlock's eyes, openly showing how tired but determined he is. He will walk home, with welts and pain, unless Sherlock drops the attitude.
As expected, John finds Sherlock Holmes splayed across his bed. With the Cadillac parked outside it could hardly have been anyone else. The Greaser has closed his eyes. He is lying on his back with his fingers steepled in front of his face and, although the scene is very different from the lunch break they shared underneath the oak, John momentarily forgets how upset he is. Sherlock looks, as he identified already when the Greaser was carrying his bag, out of place. John’s bedroom has never seen such a scene and he doubts that it ever will again. He stops once he soundlessly has closed the door and stares, indulges himself in the sight of the slender teen, dressed in clothes which his mother must have been reluctant to allow in the house. Sherlock looks so peaceful that John does not know how to announce his presence. His feet are suddenly frozen to the floor, scared of making the boards creak and awaken the resting god in front of him.
The Greaser constantly occupies a part of his head, it shrinks and expands, but he cannot rid himself of it. He does not want to rid himself of it.
“I should'a known you couldn't handle it,” he sniggers and takes the cigarette from John's trembling fingers. “This is Woodbine. Gaspers are too strong for nerds.”
The sound leaving John's lips is far less pleasurable. The gasp breaks through the barrier in his throat and he whines. The whine turns into a cry of pain when Sherlock forces himself deeper, whereupon the Greaser's sharp fingers dig into his hips.
“I’ve done my part,” he mutters and makes himself ready to leave. “Unless you’re cruisin’ for a bruisin’, I’d go and find him if I were you, Watson.”
John lifts himself up on his toes and his red and swollen eyes close. His lips are trembling when they find Sherlock's, pressing against them with hopelessness and fear but with steadfast determination.
The man appears inch by inch in his field of vision and John's heart nearly stops when he looks up at the cold, emotionless eyes underneath two neatly picked eyebrows. His moment of shock must be visible for the man to see, for the tight lips in the pale and otherwise bored face quirk into an amused smile that never reaches his eyes.
John can see David’s eyebrows practically disappear underneath his hairline before he turns around and finds himself staring into a white t-shirt. The leather jacket is thrown over the teen’s shoulder and once John lifts his gaze enough to look up at Gregory Lestrade’s pursed lips it is clear that he is anything but pleased with running Sherlock’s errands.
Sherlock takes him away from Nowheresville and out on adventures. Some of them leave him breathless, like the kissing sessions in the back of the drive in theatre, and others, like visiting the shops, are more innocent.
A shudder runs through John’s body when Sherlock lowers his gaze and their eyes meet, causing Sherlock to smirk.
Somehow, he has to make things right again.
“I am afraid that I have drawn you into something bad, my Golden Boy.”
John stares at Sherlock before he shakes his head. “You are unbelievable.”
“Don't fight it, John,” he murmurs and ghosts his lips over John's. “We both know how badly you want it. How you crave it. Your body knows to whom you belong, even with your head still denying it.”
With that Sherlock leaves, turning to let John throw the words he cannot find at a tall and unresponsive back board.
Sherlock lifts his hand again, uses the back of it dry John's chin and leans down to kiss him.
“Relax, John. Allow yourself to feel.”
John sighs softly when the long finger slides inside of him and he places his leg over Sherlock's jeans-covered ones.
Sherlock cares for him and he cares for Sherlock.
“Excuse me?”
“Sebastian, I'm-”
Sherlock's eyes narrow dangerously. “I have not had a single drop of alcohol, John.”
“That is none of your business,” Sherlock snaps angrily. “Is that how you thank me? Your ungrateful little...”
John nods again and he can feel the corners of Sherlock's lips, still positioned on his temple, pull up in a smirk.
It is Sunday and for the second week in a row, John skips church. Going was never an option, not when he woke up with two furiously gleaming eyes merely an inch away as rough hands shook him awake.
“Good,” he whispers. “Great, in fact.”
Having a boyfriend is much like bringing a tube of Spangles to school. It is wonderful and John wants to enjoy it in public and among his friends, but cannot breathe a word of it to anyone lest the consequences would be fatal. Another simile that John fabricates as the days pass is that it is a thing best taken in small doses, like cough medicine. Sherlock fills his mind from early morning to late night, but John's feelings are so overwhelming that he cannot absorb more than a limited amount of the real teen at a time. When the Greaser starts drumming his fingers against the table in the library or resorts to point out minor mistakes in John's homework, John has to send him away. Rude as it might be. He cannot concentrate on his school work with Sherlock's deep and sensuous voice too close to his ears and with a foot slowly brushing his shin under the table.
Or he is simply seeing Sherlock’s beautiful features in every ordinary man.
The man, on the other hand, does not look pleased.
John blinks surprised and momentarily forgets the real reason why his stomach wants to turn inside out. ”What? No! Mummy, you know that I wouldn't do that. I don't drink, definitely not. Sherlock and I were... discussing Chemistry. The periodic table and elements. The abundance of Boron. I was not even drinking water yesterday. Which, when I think about it, might be the reason why I feel like this. Dehydration.”
John tries to pretend like nothing and carefully places the bag on his lap, but he immediately relaxes when digits meet scalp, involuntarily and guiltily. For the first time, Sherlock is able to see his face during their short ceremony and the self-awareness of this brings a deepening blush to John’s cheeks. It only lasts a second or two, but by the time Sherlock withdraws his hand and instead grabs the gear lever John feels also his ears burn with embarrassment.
Slowly, he finds the courage to relax his body. His shoulders sink, his head tipping forward in defeat.
Their unpleasant meeting is over and the man turns to saunter onto the adjacent street. A final string of words is thrown over his shoulder before he blends with the crowd enjoying the warmth from the sun and the freedom only Saturday afternoon can bring.
"Well, yes, but-" John sighs annoyed and rolls his eyes. "I cannot tell
Their position becomes less comfortable as Sherlock keeps his hand on John's head, not brushing through his hair but rather keeping him in place. Pressed a little too tightly with fingers spread a little too widely to be affectionate. Affection is a feeling that does not belong in the Greaser's eyes.
“Goodbye, John.”
Whereas John would call the soreness that makes every step a mild punishment unwanted, Mr. Stokes' gaze lands on the leather jacket and John shrugs.
“I'm not angry with you.”
John wipes the tears and takes a deep breath. His throat is still burning and he has to hold on to Sebastian's arm to prevent himself from faltering in a spinning world. Never again will he trust Sebastian.
“You can tell me later, all right? Sherlock would remove the breaks from my car if I didn't get you to class on time. Later, gator.”
Sherlock has shown him a different side of himself. One that is caring and understanding. Molly is falling for Mr. Stokes. His friends hate him and Sherlock is his boyfriend.
“You should probably leave, Sebastian,” he says nervously.
“8.30. Tomorrow morning. Write it down if you must.”
“This place was empty when I first entered.”
“You can tell him yourself. Sherlock doesn't want to see me any more.”
It feels wrong in his hand. He cannot hold it with the same graciousness as Sherlock and Sebastian and once it is lit and he takes a drag the white smoke does not leave his lips in a slow and beautiful stream. John coughs it out with the force of contracting throat muscles and a stomach that quickly turns inside out. The cigarette drowns him in nausea and a whirl of colours glistering through the tears in his squinted eyes. Sebastian laughs somewhere above him and John gasps for breath when the teen gives his back a couple of firm pats.
John nods eagerly with an attempt to look convincing. “Very jealous.”
"You enjoyed last night, didn't you?" Sherlock purrs in his ear, voice deep and sensuous.
“It's fine, John. Just drop it. No one is going to fall for your little act anyway. Besides, Sherlock seems to appreciate your nerdy side. He has been spending a lot more time in the library this year, and if you ask me it is not because he needs to send university applications. It wouldn't surprise me if his books have peepholes.” He rolls his eyes and continues down the corridor. “So where are we going?”
“They say Mr. Morgan quit. Just like that.” Her eyes widen as she delivers the news. “I don't know if it's true, but he is not here today. Chemistry is cancelled and we can go home.” Her smile fades slightly and she sighs. “And we worked so hard to finish that project, John! Who do you think will be our new teacher?”
“Nothing.” John shrugs and unpacks his sandwich to finish his lunch. “He told me to find you and that was it.”
“It keeps me warm.”
“It is perfect, Sherlock. I just wish you would have told me the truth. It is a bit hurtful to know that you deemed my mother trustworthy enough, but not me.”
John scratches his head awkwardly when Molly showers him with her usual enthusiasm.
The bed moves slightly when Sherlock leans forward and presses his lips against the low of John's back, breathing heavier than usual when his lips part and his tongue gently laps John's skin.
“You don't look like anyone who belongs in a place like this.”
“What makes Sherlock think I will come running to him as soon as he calls?”
John shifts his weight onto his other foot. “Happily unknowing of what?”
“I was... stopped along the way.”
“It’s going well, Mrs. Watson. I have good hopes that John and I will manage to get a high grade.”
John can see Sherlock’s eyes narrow as he takes the first bite of what remains of his sandwich and a moment later he has to look away. The Greaser’s expression of dissatisfaction makes him feel uneasy.
“How is the project going?”
"What I have to say for myself?" John does not know whether to speak to his mother or to Sherlock, so his gaze keeps flickering between the two of them like a prey trapped between two predators. "Nothing. I mean, this is ridiculous. And Sherlock and I are not in the same class or even year, he is older than me. To think that Ms. Carroll would give the note to him instead of me, it's... well, it's ridiculous."
Three times Mr. Stokes lashes his left buttock, just like promised. The second and the third strokes follow the same pattern, also those diagonal and delivered rapidly. John groans and jerks forward, into the desk which welcomes him with a sharp edge in his stomach, but he firmly grits his teeth. The position, the indisputable power imbalance and John's childish underwear around his ankles are humiliating enough without tears.
Mrs. Watson gives him extra jam on his piece of bread and hands it to him with a worried look. “Is everything as it should, John?” Her hand moves up to his cheek when John has relieved her of his breakfast and she strokes it gently. “I was so worried when you never returned home.”
It is the same thought that passes through John's head when he looks into the teacher's eyes and tries to find his voice again.
SH for Sherlock Holmes.
It is the least the Greaser can do.
The Greaser snorts. “Of course they do, I was the captain.”
“The B, John. The B.”
She sends John a meaning look when she walks away and John wishes that he could be as happy with Sherlock's presence as she is. He already knows that she will repeat Sherlock's words over and over in her head until they turn into a declaration of his affection.
It is foolish to think that he would be able to hide it from Sherlock, but to John's surprise the Greaser appears to have more urgent matters on his mind when they meet at the Cadillac. Sherlock's face looks like a thundercloud, ready to burst. He towers up to his full height, hovering over John like a black eagle, and John suddenly remembers why he used to find the Greaser so frightening.
“Never done this before, have you?” Sherlock purrs and John shakes his head, feeling the pillow brush against his cheeks and nose.
“You're not frosted, are ya? I didn't mean for that to happen.”
“No,” he whispers weakly. “No, Sherlock, I would never... No.”
A swoosh as the cane cleaves the air is the only warning before it happens. The rattan hits his left buttock, lashing diagonally over the upper part with a sharp sound. John is back in his own body, brought back by the burning pain steadily spreading as the abused skin throbs. The gasp leaves his lips a moment later, shocked and harsh, and his eyes snap open.
“Wrong.”
“Hey, nosebleed!”
John sighs once he starts his walk home. The knowledge that his parents will be waiting for him, upset and likely to send him to his room again, slows down his steps. Sherlock has changed him, and he has changed him for the worse. Studying is not appealing when the Greaser has shown him how exciting life can be.
John takes a last, deep breath to calm down his racing heart and finds his somewhat strained voice.
Although rumours rarely touch John he knows better than to listen to them. It is not until he rounds the corner leading to his street that he wishes that people, just for once, would keep their lips sealed and simply mind their own business. Parked by the pavement, so perfectly in line with John’s home that it cannot possibly be a visitor of anybody else’s, is the unmistakable red Cadillac.
John licks his lips and shivers when he accidentally brush the tip over Sherlock's lips as well.
John looks up and with pure will straightens his back. He is every negative word Sebastian can find in his vocabulary.
It rings in John's ears, confidently and sinisterly, as they descend the steps to freedom outside. It is so deeply imprinted in his eardrum that the sound of traffic disappears in comparison until Sherlock forces him into the car and slams the door shut. The sharp noise makes him jump and he stares wide-eyedly as the Greaser rounds the car and takes his seat. The engine is dead but Sherlock's fingers curl around the steering wheel. With the already pale knuckles turning alarmingly white an even more worrying image of how Sherlock drives the car into Victor's defenceless body appears in John's mind and he quickly leans over the gear stick and places his hand on Sherlock's.
“I can tell,” he replies calmly and wipes his fingers on his worn sleeve. “One might say he is properly marked.”
Sherlock's arm pins him down with protective strength when the trembling intensifies. John cannot sit still, his stomach squirms and his legs jerk uncontrollably as Sherlock's hand sends wave after wave of pleasure through his body.
“If that is supposed to be reassuring-”
Sherlock's balls slap against him, like an extra instrument in the music, and John cannot hold back the moans. The promiscuous noise comes naturally, a noise that he the night before took in his mouth for the first time, and he soon has to bite his own arm to stop himself from screaming.
John returns to his room, but only long enough to see his parents step into the car and drive away. Once they are gone he quickly gets dressed and grabs the leather jacket, already closing the front door after him before he has swallowed his breakfast properly.
John can only stare at the front page. He can see his signature, sloppy amongst Molly's neat text, but Mr. Stokes has got it the wrong way around.
He refuses to break down. He refuses to give in to Sherlock's psychological games and manipulation, and yet he flinches when the Greaser speaks again.
“Where have you been?” she hisses. “Class is just about to start, he has already called your name.” She licks her lips almost mischievously as she leans closer to whisper in John's ear. “Isn't he cute, though? I bet he is clever, too.”
He does not realise what is about to happen until it is too late. Sherlock’s hand moves through his hair with a steady and predictable rhythm, up his neck, to his forehead, and back down again. Like a hypnotist, Sherlock entrances him until John’s eyelids fall down and he loses himself in the moment, a hand on his head, the sun keeping him warm, and the distant sound of birds and cars.
A heavy exhalation follows his words. A moment later he extends his hand and waits for the power play to end, for the man to complete his part of the deal. The photograph feels like safety when it is placed in his hand and John wastes no time as he puts it inside his pocket.
John hesitates before he nods. He never had the opportunity to say those words to Sherlock, but he knows with every cell in his body that he fell head over heels in love with the Greaser.
Mr. Stokes' class opens John's eyes to an unpleasant reality. He cannot remember a single teacher who has not approved of his knowledge and thus liked him, nor did he want to believe Sherlock regarding the loyalty of his friends. He blames it all on the cursed jacket, and yet he cannot stop himself from all but rush into the Greaser's arms when he leaves the the locker room after rugby practise with his hair damp and body exhausted.
“I don't trust him.” Sherlock sounds like a stubborn child and John sighs again.
“I know he's not here, Mickey Mouse.” Sebastian interrupts his stuttering and invites himself inside as he pushes past John. “Lestrade sent me here to bash ears. Told me you'd know where 'e went.”
Enjoy!
“John...”
It all feels like a dream when John wakes up the following morning. A black leather jacket is the only reminder of the kiss he and Sherlock shared, carefully placed over the back of a chair. What kept him dry the previous night now attracts his attention like a red cross left by a teacher on an exam paper, and John's stomach turns so painfully that he has to close his eyes. The clock on the wall ticks with an annoying rhythm which soon turns into a rapid chant of
"I have written the address on Ms. Carroll's note," Sherlock continues and begins to trace lines across John's face with light fingertips. "I will wait for you there."
John swallows thickly when he lifts his gaze and it falls upon the tall Greaser he met outside the warehouse. Their eyes meet for a short second before Sebastian snorts and grumpily looks away, and John wonders if he now hides a bump underneath the Duck Butt his hair is combed into.
There is no time for a longer explanation. John turns his head to the side and in the silence that follows he can vaguely hear a pair of feet thundering by on the street outside. He appears to be safe.
“Clearly I'm not.”
He chuckles quietly and cuddles up closer to the warm body, but Sherlock clicks his tongue disapprovingly.
“Mummy, I-“
Mr. Stokes does not seem aware as he helps John to angle up again and the cane is brought down for the fifth time. The next stroke lands horizontally over his right buttock and John more or less collapses on the desk when he counts six in his head. He is exhausted and his breathing is heavier than directly after practise.
“You walked home today.”
Silence follows, in which Sherlock stares intensely at John and John awkwardly tries to look anywhere but at the Greaser lying so close that he is sure that he could blow away the displaced curl in front of Sherlock's eyes.
It it worse than waiting for exam results. Fear mixed with excitement.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and falls down onto his back with a hand underneath his head. “What else did he tell you? He talks too much.”
“Such a good boy.”
“I'm sorry, Sir,” he adds. “It will not happen again.”
Never before has he felt so alive, so present in the moment. Sherlock is the only thing on his mind. Sherlock, his skilled fingers and the wave of blinding pleasure which rolls up his spine when the Greaser bends his digits just right. Gone is the pain and the moment of hesitation, John could not convince himself to escape Sherlock's looming figure even if he wanted to. Like in trance, he lifts his head in a moan and at the same time arches his back, inviting Sherlock in.
“What are you saying? That I have been with another boy?”
Thankfully, Mr. Stokes does not seem to mind even this time. He takes John’s hand in his and gives it a gentle squeeze.
And six green lines he sees.
The Greaser's lips quirk up in a brief but smug grin the moment before their breathing space ceases to exist. Sherlock's hands sweep down his back, over the soft jumper and soon the shirt underneath, with the faintest tremor of greed.
A mystery with perfect hair and a scent of grease and cigarette smoke.
The teacher points at the door and turns to John with a heavy sigh once Sebastian reluctantly, and with a grumpy pout, leaves the room with his hands deep down his pockets.
Sherlock’s fingers are cold against his skin, like a statue made of marble, and yet the digits burn. John’s heart is racing, thundering in his chest as if it is about to break free from his body.
“No one controls me,” Sherlock replies calmly with a finger exploring the stretched entrance. “Don't worry, my Golden Boy.”
“You will have me imprisoned.”
“I don't want you to be alone with that teacher again.”
“John!” Sherlock’s voice is sharper now, it delivers a stern order that cuts through the hallway. “I need you to come with me. It is very important that you do. Now do as I say.”
“This might hurt,” Sherlock warns and continues in a mutter, so low that it can only be meant for the Greaser himself under the sound of a zip being pulled down. “I want to feel you stretch around me.”
“Well, he doesn't trust you either. He seems to think that you are some sort of a threat to me.”
John starts walking and this time it is Sebastian who has to catch up with him. The Greaser does so with a few, long strides and he looks down at him.
“No, Sir... Mr. Stokes, that is not what happened. You see, we worked on it together. All of it. She simply wrote it down because her writing is neater than mine. We always do like this. You can ask Molly.”
John lifts his head and blinks a couple of times. His home looks the same as ever, but he does not feel the same. He prefers the dark back of Sebastian's leather jacket where no one can see what a criminal and sinner he has become.
As per usual, John’s afternoon is scheduled to the breaking point. Studying, the customary cup of tea with his parents once his father returns home, studying, dinner, and more studying. Those A’s will not come by themselves, as his father likes to remind him, and nor will those scholarships. It is not until he later that night settles in his bed with Carson McCuller’s masterpiece, that he has the time to reflect on the odd turn of events. It remains odd no matter how many times he twists and turns it in his head and before long he gives up the reading with a heavy sigh.
“Don’t call the police,” he tries again, with a more pleading tone this time. He cannot get the police involved, the coward inside of him is not ready to face the consequences of his actions. It was foolish to believe that his secret would remain hidden once he managed to retrieve the forbidden photograph. Mr. M is untouchable, with or without physical evidence of John’s misdeeds. All he can do is to hope and pray that the man will refrain from harming his innocent parents who have nothing to do with Sherlock and is apparently boring attitude towards Mr M.
Sherlock huffs surprised, but does not hesitate to wrap his arms around John's shoulders and pull him in behind the building where they are less likely to be seen.
“Where did you get this?”
He should not feel so fragile and useless. He is ashamed, frightened and shocked, all with a feeling of unreality and denial. What makes his feelings even worse is his incapability of transforming them into words and explain why. He has no reason to seek comfort in Sherlock's calming presence, a presence which merely weeks ago would have been stressful. Nothing happened, neither with Mr. Stokes nor with his classmates. The lesson carried on as per usual, Mr. Stokes collected their group projects and none of the other students even breathed a word about a wish to see John suffer.
As wonderful as it is to lie close to Sherlock after their bodies had been merged into one, to share lazy kisses and to feel gentle fingers wander over his naked skin, John is not fond of what comes next. The following day brings soreness, enough to make him limp like after a challenging game of rugby when he makes his way down the stairs. His room is empty and his bed carefully made, with his window ajar to ventilate the musky scent of sex and intimacy. Sherlock descended from the same window before the sun was fully risen, kissing John's forehead and in a low, purring voice telling him to go back to sleep. He would be back later.
John’s legs are numb when they carry him to the oak where a vertical path up to the noose already has been demonstrated by Moriarty. Sebastian is too far away, even if he now has stopped in his path and, from what John can tell, gazes in their direction. Besides, even if Sebastian did decide to investigate the events underneath the oak more closely, what could he do against a loaded gun ready to fire through flesh and bone? The answer, however disheartening, is nothing. He is beyond all help, left all alone in a world that he is about to leave.
“Victor Trevor.” The option of telling a lie does not even cross John's mind as he looks up at the man's scrutinizing eyes. They are Sherlock's, seeing straight through him. Like Sherlock's, they are superior to him in a way he cannot fully understand. “His base is among the old industries.”
John takes a deep breath, his chest rising and falling, and he turns his head. He has to tilt his head back, but Sherlock understands his intention and meets him halfway in the kiss, sealing their lips in a silent agreement.
“Don't you have better things to do right now, Molly?”
“Oh.” John turns to look out over the peaceful scene in front of him, happy that things went according to his plan and they left the topic of his backside behind, but soon turns back to look at Sherlock when he gets the feeling of being observed. Sherlock, sitting exactly like before, is looking at him with almost hopeful eyes.
It took me a couple of days to read all the previous chapters but it was definitely worth it. I can't tell you how amazing it feels to dive back into this universe. I hope this and future chapters make the story justice, we have a lot of exciting stuff ahead of us with plots and subplots that come together at last.
He looks up when Mr. Stokes' worried voice breaks through the thick fog of nightmare.
“Now, John, will you tell me why Sherlock here had to bring the note from Ms. Carroll?”
As always, John's breath hitches.
Sherlock, who must have seen the change in John's body language, repeats the praise, gives him one last kiss on the back of his neck and then straightens up. The big hands find his hips and the snake inside of him moves, not biting but still treacherous as it thrusts back inside.
The words are kind, innocent even, but the cold voice distorts them into mockery.
John jumps when Sherlock murmurs in his ear and a moment later he scurries to his feet with his face flushed.
“He is not a gift, Victor,” Sherlock snaps. “You can have your fun with the junkies who are unable to pay.”
Sherlock tilts John's head up with a possessive grip around his scalp and with thumbs underneath his jaw to keep him firmly in place as he steps forward and forces John up against the lockers.
"It is your problem, John. Make something up, but do it now. I believe your five minutes are over."
The world is Sherlock.
“Rugby is great, isn't it?”
“Thought so.”
“Of course you do, punk,” he teases. “And to be 'onest, the first one was a lie. There were no punks in the teams to push around. How someone like you got onto the team, I don't know. They must've run out of options or something.”
“Knew him, at least,” Mr. Stokes replies as he leans down to retrieve something from inside the desk. “This is the school I went to before university. I hated every minute of it.”
“So what are you saying?”
”Sherlock, I have my own-”
It is a completely different Sherlock who smiles at Mrs. Watson and sits down on the green sofa in the sitting room. John is so taken aback by the sudden change that he can do little but stare until his mother clears her throat and he quickly sits down next to Sherlock with an appropriate gap of air between them. The whole scene has remarkable resemblance to the interrogation in Hillary Waugh’s
“How are you feeling?”
Slowly, Sherlock turns his head to look at him. “Jealous?”
Sherlock's lips travel north, following the shape of his spine until John's jumper stops their journey and Sherlock looms over him. John can nearly feel the great shadow fall over him, eliminating the last ray of light as Sherlock's teeth scrape his earlobe and the Greaser's jeans-covered knee forces John's thighs apart.
The truth is too humiliating to share. He made it through English, but once it was time to change classrooms for last period he had to escape into the bathroom for a while. Block the door and splash cold water on his face. A few drops are still visible on his neck, peacefully rolling down his skin and forming dark circles on his shirt collar. The evidence is so subtle that it is nearly invisible, and yet he feels the need to pull Sherlock's jacket tighter and hide his jumper from Molly and the teacher.
and neither the tea nor the biscuits on the coffee table seem particularly appetising.
"That's a good boy."
It takes Greg a moment to reply, but when he does John has the feeling that he gave the question a genuine thought.
He is proud to call Sherlock his.
“Have you ever been in love, Mr. Stokes?”
John gives the flat surface portraying wild curls a light brush with his thumb and goes to put the photograph away. Somewhere safer, because if Mr. M can find it, so can his mum.
“I know their lot, John. They are possessive. You might see it as beneficial to have their protection against bullies but, and trust me when I tell you this, once you start to misbeha-”
The Greaser's cock, feeling impossibly big inside of John, makes him see stars. The pain is worse than the caning and although John tells himself to relax, his muscles keep contracting and throbbing around Sherlock.
Sherlock's photograph.
“Who are in danger, John? Tell me, I will call the police.”
“This is what most people would call an appropriate distance to somebody else,” John mumbles, but moves closer to Sherlock nonetheless with a roll of his eyes. “You are so sure that I want to sit next to you.”
in a firm grip, turning the corner and reaching the car park just in time to see Sherlock unload the bag in the passenger seat of a red 1952 Cadillac.
And wrecked it he did.
Greg rolls his eyes and straightens his back from the relaxed position in which he was sitting. “You are not exactly the type Sherlock normally surrounds himself with. I don't know why he keeps me around, but usually he has a purpose behind it. Something to gain.”
“Well,” John says slowly and scratches his head. “So are you.”
“Yes, you are.
Mr. Stokes is very pleased with himself, even if he tries to conceal it. He locks the door after Sherlock and offers John both praises for his strength as well as dinner. The final battle against Sherlock is fought and won.
“Oh dear. Is something the matter, John? You look awfully pale.”
Pleased with himself, John looks up. He may be upset with Sherlock for sending him a bodyguard and forcing him to ride on the back of a motorcycle, but he is still loyal. Sherlock is still his boyfriend and he is still wearing the golden bracelet around his wrist.
The question slips out of his relaxed, unprepared lips. It is hardly an appropriate question to ask his teacher, but Mr. Stokes does not scold him for his mistake.
“You're sorry and...?” John can easily picture how Sherlock lifts a pointing eyebrow and he continues in a defeated voice.
“Very well,” he says, and reaches for something inside his suit jacket. “I gave you a fair chance, Johnny.”
John's sensory input appears to have changed. He no longer hears the distant shouts from his team mates on the rugby field, the rustling of leaves outside the window seems unimportant and the murmur of engines, of which one could belong to a red Cadillac, does not reach his ears. Instead he hears his own breathing, loud and rapid, competing with his heart. He feels the wood under his palms and Mr. Stokes' careful hands lift his shirt and jumper up to reveal his backside.
His time is up; the questions are no longer welcome.
He opens the bag with a glance up at the house and carefully pulls out the black outwear which does not hold even the slightest resemblance to anything he or anyone in his family own.
“This is ridiculous.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“Shush,” he hisses irritatedly. “Do you want your parents to see you like this?”
“That was an orgasm,” Sherlock murmurs and brushes a hand through John's hair. “You will have an even stronger one when I finally penetrate you. I hope you enjoyed it.”
A small shock of pain shoots through John's body as he says that. After the evening they shared together, after Sherlock's hand drew pleasure from him like no one had done before, he had expected more than a goodbye kiss in Sherlock's car. He even caught himself missing their lunch under the oak.
It is the first time he sees something resembling helplessness in Sherlock’s eyes. He watches the colourful irises move to Mr. Stokes before they return to John, and a moment later the helplessness is gone. Sherlock’s jaw is clenched, his eyes cold.
The response is short and concise and John can practically feel the iron curtain Sherlock creates between them, impervious and loud in its pressing silence.
John has no idea how he does it, but it leaves him thinking that there is nothing Sherlock is not capable of. There is a new student joining his Chemistry class, a tall and grumpy Greaser who should have taken the course two years ago. He towers above the rest of the students like the Eiffel tower in Paris and looks ready to pluck their eyes out with the pen spinning between his fingers if somebody would be foolish enough to make a comment. Sherlock could have given him Greg, whose company John has come to enjoy more and more, but it is not the Greaser with the sympathetic eyes. Molly is forced to leave her seat for Sebastian, and John, almost as terrified as his classmates, can only give her a helpless look.
John can feel that something has changed between them. It is not the kiss. It is not the hand holding, the jacket or the silly exchange of words. It is the way John's stomach tingles and how he allows himself to feel. How he allows himself to appreciate Sherlock's graceful silhouette from the corner of his eye and how he expectantly tilts his head to the side when Sherlock's hand leaves his for a moment in order to comb through his tousled hair.
“I have soothing salve here, John.” Sherlock leans down to murmur in John's ear and his fingers travel up, following an invisible path over John's thigh up to his underwear. “It will make you feel better, I promise.”
He spills on Sherlock's fingers, on his own naked thighs and on his jumper.
John watches it fly through the air and disappear in the grass before he makes a half-heartedly attempt at a joke to conceal his discomfort. “I don’t get into cars with strangers.”
With his options limited and not even a frightening Greaser to ask for directions, John prepares to leave the warehouse and continue his aimless walk through the town. He turns around and even lifts his foot off the floor in the beginning of a step forward before his brain registers what he just saw and he automatically does a double take.
John shrugs and looks down. “I'm fine, Sir.”
Sherlock kisses him again, until John cannot tell their tongues apart, and pulls away with a pat between his shoulder blades.
Unlike John, Sherlock remains steady and strong. He pulls out once he is finished, closes the button in his jeans, and picks a trembling John up in his arms. With a sweeping motion he clears the mess on the bed and lays him down, whereupon he disposes John off his jumper and shirt and tucks him in.
“John.”
Sherlock’s voice is quiet as he gently caresses John’s cheek and forehead.
There is something intimidating about an empty school. The otherwise busy corridors are silent and empty and the only light shining behind the windows comes from the teachers' offices. John tries to be brave, but he would prefer to step back into the sun where Sebastian can see them. Where the Greaser can see and also come to his help.
John looks up with a guilty expression when the Greaser speaks and then frowns. “Excuse me?”
“Thank you for carrying my bag earlier.” John has to break the silence, although his arms lace protectively around the bag which now is placed over his thighs. The tones of Johnny Cash’s
John can neither reciprocate nor push Sherlock away with his arms hanging numbly along his sides, all while the Greaser continues to ravenously kiss his neck and replies with a mutter. “I'll send you a rasp.”
Sherlock's hand stops the intrusion but is not completely withdrawn. It rests on John's buttock, still with the thumb keeping the cheeks parted.
“Are you looking for a knuckle sandwich? This ain’t even Holmes’ writing. It looks more like a ballad from your warden.”
John nervously observes Sebastian as the Greaser picks up a photo frame of him and Harriet.
“John.” Sherlock sighs and cups his cheeks. “I am not seeing anyone else. I have only got eyes for you.”
“I am not here to see Sherlock. As I told you last time we met, he is avoiding me. As I also told you last time, I have found his pressure point.” The man smiles, a smile that belongs in a horror film at the drive-in theatre and not on a school yard. “And, as I am sure you understand, with Sherlock's pressure point I do not need Sherlock himself.”
“Sherlock won't hurt you for it. He doesn't care.”
“Do you know Mr. Morgan, Sir?”
John shrugs and looks away. His mind, which usually is just as innocent as Sherlock first assumed, insists on filling his head with pictures of Sherlock. Sherlock naked. Sherlock with soft, pale skin and Sherlock doing things to another boy for which he could be convicted.
person he has ever met. John cannot describe it by any other word. He is the most intelligent, the most beautiful and the most jealous. Paranoid. Worried that Mr. Stokes, his teacher, will come between them. That Mr. Stokes will be a threat to John, who did not even look at boys until Sherlock ruined him with his perfection.
The poor Chemistry teacher who took his last breath too early because of the man in front of him, the man who only laughs at the repressed anger in John’s voice.
The jeans are rough against his sore skin when Sherlock guides him down on his lap, but the pain drowns in the ocean of feelings all overwhelming John simultaneously. Sherlock's arm forms a backrest and his shoulder a support for John's head even though John cannot relax enough to keep it there when Sherlock's hand slowly travels up his naked thigh. It brushes his skin, gently and affectionately, but when John looks up at Sherlock with bated breath he sees hungry possessiveness, not affection, in the Greaser's eyes.
John has come to enjoy Mr. Stokes’ company. He is only seven years older than John, straight out of university, with tales about John’s current teachers as well as life at Cambridge University. To think that John almost threw away his good grades and a chance to have the same experience because he allowed a Greaser to manipulate his mind.
If they are going to hell they are going together.
John leans forward almost automatically, like a marionette puppet guided by Mr. Stokes’ waving hand, and he takes the cup between his palms. The heat is comforting; the warmth travels up his arm and into the rest of his body even before he raises the beverage to his lips.
“Unlike you, you mean?” Victor chuckles. “You have until tomorrow to pay for what you used last night, or we have no choice but to go back to our former arrangement.”
“Figured out what?”
“Seems like it was a wise decision of me to wait for your practise to finish. Is anything the matter, John?”
“As you wish.” He reaches for the door, pulls it open. “You win.”
”Traitor.”
John refuses to meet Sherlock's accusatory gaze when he licks his lips, a gaze that still is too dark.
Sherlock's eyes narrow and John has to struggle to maintain the inquiring expression and not throw himself at the young man's feet and beg for forgiveness. "Please."
John swallows thickly, forcing back both tears and a lump in his throat as he shakes his head. “No.”
The voice is desperate, trying to make John understand. Trying to pull him out of the trance of staring into Sherlock’s beautiful eyes. John finds himself in the middle, the object of Sherlock’s and Mr. Stokes’ tug of war.
“However-” Mr. Stokes turns around and his voice drops, as though he wants what he is about to say to stay between them. “I have a feeling that this is not you, Mr. Watson. Something, or someone, is pushing you, am I right?
“I wouldn't know what he muttered,” John says with a tone that clearly shows that he wants the conversation to end. “I wasn't there.”
“They are in danger.”
John can see Sherlock inhale when he looks up. The deep breath raises his shoulders, stiffens them, straightens the neck and tenses it. Sherlock is struggling to remain apathetic.
John's mouth keeps talking although his brain since long has given up. He hears himself from a distance, muffled by Sherlock's groans and what he soon realises is his own panting. Small beads of sweat have erupted in his hairline, glistering but fading when light catches Sherlock's eyes.
“I couldn't know Holmes never gave ya weed,” Sebastian continues and puts the cigarette between his lips to have a hand free for John. It pats his back until John breathes normally and then quickly withdraws to the safety of the motorcycle handle. He looks guilty behind the tough exterior and John quickly jumps to a conclusion as to why.
“I am not the first person you kill.”
“John.” It is Mr. Stokes’ voice that reaches him this time, right before the man places a hand on his shoulder. “John, remember what we talked about. Remember what he did to you.”
He looks up at Sebastian in time to see him tilt his head in a brief nod.
“Molly, what are you-”
“I want to meet Victor,” he insists and he can almost see Sherlock roll his eyes behind the shades.
“Sherlock, I have to study...”
Just like the previous day, Sherlock does not seem to be bothered by the silence which John perceives as pressing. Sherlock increases the speed once they leave John’s street and at the same time turns on the radio, just in time for them to hear the last tones of
Sure enough, John can hear the sharp clicks of heels approaching with an alarming rate and his eyes widen involuntarily as his pulse gains speed.
The lump is back in his throat. It aches when he admits that Sherlock left him, and not only to take a trip.
“Feeling good, are you?”
“I never said he did,” the man replies. “But I promise you this, John Watson. It was not an accident.”
His heart speeds up and the sudden increase makes him gasp when more oxygen is needed to satisfy his racing pulse. He is not Sherlock, but nor is he stupid. No one accidentally writes legible letters with a rattan cane. It requires planning. The first diagonal line on his left buttock needs to be placed in a way that allows the other two lines enough space to form the first letter. The vertical lines look so awkward considering their source that Mr. Stokes must have turned his wrist in an angle most inappropriate for a caning.
John’s jaw drops when his mother speaks, but Sherlock does not waste any time before he replies.
Two words is all it takes in order to turn Sherlock from feared enemy to valued ally, similar to the way Italy managed to change sides with the Treaty of London. Sherlock is as cunning as a fox and as slippery as an eel and John has not opened his mouth when his mother a few minutes later accepts Sherlock's explanation of how they forgot about class whilst attempting to solve the moles equation still holding their otherwise brilliant project back. Sherlock even offers to bring the notes they made, an offer which Mrs. Watson thankfully declines.
“I’m not a golden boy.” A small pause, and then he continues. “I’m not even a boy any more. I’m sixteen, a young man.”
“Tell 'im that he messed up one time too much. His rod's the fastest we've got and he's missed too many drags.” The Greaser puts the photo down and turns around to see a red-eyed John wipe away a tear. “You crying?”
John shudders, suddenly cold. The walls of the bathroom are getting closer; the room is shrinking. He can hear the man moving around on the other side of the locked door, cleaning up after their meal whilst humming softly to himself. The contrast between the cold sweat erupting on John’s forehead and the slow tones of Bach’s Sonata No. 1 is chilling, he feels detached from his body and the adrenaline that is rushing through his veins seems to be throbbing in his ears.
”I want you to borrow it. I won't be around tomorrow, but wear it to school on Monday.”
John does not want any blood on his hands.
John moans softly when a pair of lips is pressed to his neck and hot, humid breath spreads over the delicate skin, but it is also when he places a hand on the teenager's chest in order to separate their bodies. “What are you doing?”
“As soon as I have made sure there is nothing going on between this Victor and my boyfriend we can leave,” John says, quietly but firmly as he opens the door. He knows that Sherlock is smirking without turning around to look at him. The Greaser is proud and hearing John refer to him as his boyfriend will doubtlessly have his ego swell like water-filled bacteria attacked by penicillin, ready to burst.
Her voice is sharp and short and John’s stomach turns at the usage of his full name.
“Over the desk, Mr. Watson.”
John's trembling hand acts on its own when it leaves the wooden surface and disappears into the darkness below. His prick feels ready to burst, throbbing and fully erected.
John retreats into the bathroom when it is time to leave, ready to step back into his tea-stained trousers. The soft jogging bottoms were forgiving against his sore backside and the prospect of exchanging them is not a positive one. Granted the privacy of the locked bathroom door, he runs his hand over his pants. Underneath are the healing welts, given to him by the very man whose flat he has been occupying for the past few hours. They have healed well, the pain bothers him less and less frequently, so the shudder that runs through his body as he allows his hand to slip inside the waistband and onto his bare skin is not purely due to discomfort.
“Excuse me, Mr. Stokes? I'm afraid I arrived a minute or two too late. My name is John Watson.”
John sighs and swallows the food in his mouth before he replies.
"Then tell her the truth."
Their eyes meet and they lower them together, both looking down at John's fingers and how they are too short to reach around Sebastian's arm.
“I need you to take a deep breath, John,” he says with remarkable softness in his voice. “Focus on breathing.”
The Greaser leans down and kisses him and John, happy that the fight appears to be over before it properly began, is not late to reciprocate.
Just like last time, John ends up with his head on Sherlock's lap. Sherlock is lazily smoking a cigarette, which appears to be his replacement of a proper lunch, and John can see the white smoke curl above his head and fade out into nothing. There are a few moments in his life when John remembers being so filled with genuine happiness that nothing else matters. When he won his first rugby game, when his family went to France and when their father one night revealed the television set in the sitting room. His body tingles with a similar feeling when Sherlock's hand keeps stroking through his hair and the sun reaches them through the leaves of the oak just enough to warm his face.
Sherlock sits up when John stops in front of him and looks down at his wristwatch. “I thought you had gone astray, John. I have been out here for a good twenty minutes.”
This time he does not try to flatten his hair. He lets the wind ruffle what he so carefully combed, he lets it turn the blond hair into a mess that brushes over his forehead.
“This is my address. I want you to visit me as soon as possible. I think it would do you good to have a relaxed conversation about your situation outside this building, these walls add so much tension.”
“You heard me.”
The tea on the coffee table is cold by the time he exhales and leans back, emptied of both energy and secrets. The only thing he omitted in his narration is the kissing, the tender lips brushing against his, the demanding hands grabbing his body and the desperate moaning as their bodies merged into one. All before Sherlock left him.
He wants to open his eyes but his heavy eyelids fail him. He wants to reach out, touch Sherlock one last time, but he cannot do so. His body is numb, empty. The ringing in his ear turns into a beautiful melody. It soothes him, brings him peace.
Scary, strong, wonderful Sebastian.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and pulls back enough to look down at John's face.
Even the man's voice is bored and it sends a shiver of unease through John's body. He waits for the man to continue with an explanation, but silence has once again fallen over them and John clears his throat.
"You were late," Sherlock says simply. "Twelve whole minutes, according to this report from Ms. Carroll. I don't understand what you want me to explain, John, it is all crystal clear to me. You lost of track of time with me underneath that tree."
The wood taps against his naked buttocks, just enough to encourage him to take a step forward.
He fears dying, because with the sin barely dry on his lips and between his thighs he knows that heaven does not await him on the other side. The gates will be shut and impenetrable for him. But, to Moriarty’s delight, John keeps his back straight and his head stubbornly lifted as they cross the lawn towards the oak. John thinks about the brave soldiers who perished in the war, about his uncle who never made it home.
“I was not aware that you were waiting for me. Like I said, I always walk home.”
The sound of his steps changes as he leaves the asphalt to instead walk on the grass. He lifts his gaze once he is sure that he will not trip on any edges, and nearly freezes in the middle of a step. The sun shines through the leaves of the oak and creates a magical scene before his eyes with Sherlock at its centre. A green shimmer which reminds John of a fairy tale falls over the Greaser, illuminating some parts of his face while leaving others in shadow and making it impossible to tell whether Sherlock would be the protagonist or the antagonist.
“I'll pay you back for the milkshake,” John promises as Sebastian tilts the motorcycle off its rest. “My mother makes a delicious apple pie. I will bring you some tomorrow.”
Greg chuckles. “He said you would say that. He also told me to inform you that all your friends hate you.”
“Wait. I can’t let you walk around the corral looking like that.”
“He is my teacher,” John says with a sigh and kisses Sherlock's collarbone. “He only wants to help.”
Sherlock's knee presses against John's crotch, gently but firmly, and a small nudge makes John gasp, causing him to inhale the deep, masculine scent left by Sherlock in the pillow until it numbs his mind like a drug. Sherlock moves his knee again and John's hips do an involuntary jerk.
“It’s Sherlock,” he says with a shrug. “He will have what he wants, eventually. If he wants you to come running to him, you will. And you will do so happily.”
John allows himself to lick his lips and moves his attention from Mr. Stokes' hand and up to his face.
He could might as well have been wearing a collar around his neck with a tag reading
As always, Sherlock notices.
The real Sherlock is less pleasant and John swallows thickly when their eyes meet.
John stares at the mark on his buttocks, blinks a few times and stares again. Just to be sure. The letters are angular, as if they have been carved into a bench down at the Old Forest Grounds by a young couple in love, but he cannot lie to himself.
Just like they are meant to do.
John closes his eyes. Prays for peace. Prays for Sebastian’s safety, that he will not follow John into the afterlife because he happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
The way the man stands, the expensive suit he is wearing and the authority he emits, glues John's tongue to the roof of his mouth. Tells him to speak only when spoken to.
The low voice dies out as Mr. Stokes' attention is fixed on something behind John's back and he stands from the desk.
Sherlock takes him home and lets John leave the car with a last reminder to wear the jacket the following day. John can only nod and pull the jacket tighter around himself. He watches Sherlock drive down the street and disappear behind a corner before he turns around and walks into the house.
His mother’s voice reaches them from downstairs a moment later, and Sherlock slowly pulls away again.
He knows, without seeing the man's face, who is standing behind him. He can tell, from the way he carries himself and from the tailored suit.
“Very well. Saturday morning. You, me and Victor Trevor.”
“So what's your tale, nightingale?”
He never meant to become a criminal.
He does not wait to hear Sherlock’s reply as he picks up the paper which his mother wrapped the sandwich in. His legs cannot carry him quick enough as he runs towards the classroom he already ought to be in, not so much running to class as he is fleeing from Sherlock and the immoral contentment he brings forth.
The man smiles humorlessly, but ignores John as he continue to talk himself.
John is not sure exactly where he belongs and maybe Sherlock is right. Maybe he is the golden boy. He has excellent grades and gets along with the nerds, but he is also a decent rugby player with a fair chance of getting a sport scholarship if he against all odds would fail to get the academic ones.
“Leave,” he repeats quietly. “It’s over.”
“I told you the lake would be more pleasant.”
John lifts is head at the command, much like the dog Sherlock, intentionally or unintentionally, turns him into. His position, standing in front of a desk with his lower body naked and exposed, feels alarmingly similar to the incident in Mr. Stokes' office. However illogical, a part of John expects the rattan cane.
His legs are shaking so much that they feel detached from his body when he lands numbly on the unresponsive asphalt. He grabs his bag, presses it closely to his side, and takes a swaying step away from the bike.
“Well, they do,” Sherlock replies with a shrug as he, with an amused expression, picks up the jacket and drapes it over his own shoulders. “They are jealous. The golden boy. Naturally, they feel threatened. You are John Watson, the most perfect boy this world has ever seen. You are a nerd, but with the characteristics of a saint. When the world sees something so pure, so perfect, it simply wants to-“ Sherlock’s hand moves down John’s temple, down to his neck where he takes a light grip and squeezes for a second. “Crush it.”
The conversation has drifted to John’s wish to study medicine when Mr. Stokes is summoned at the front door by a short, loud knock. John waits on the sofa until a shout attracts his attention. The voice is angry, furious, deep and so familiar that his heart skips a beat.
What Sherlock teaches him is more of a distraction.
“Already in need of another fix, Holmes?” The young man's laugh is empowered in the naked hallway where the lack of any kind of decoration allows the sound to bounce off the walls in an ominous echo. “You know what I said last night. No more doses in advance. I want the payment up front from now on.”
John never expected to make friends with a Greaser, but his and Sebastian's acquaintance could not have had a worse start. Sebastian never greets him in the hallways like Greg does. Instead, John feels Sebastian glare at him whenever they meet and one does not have to be Sherlock Holmes to understand that the Greaser hates him.
“Only I am allowed to see you with your hair messy.”
Sherlock.
Mr. Stokes' voice is concerned, but John only shrugs.
John tries to be a good human being. He goes to church with his family every Sunday. He prays with them before dinner, and he prays before he falls asleep. He even wears the golden cross necklace Aunty Margaret gave to him for his confirmation. He keeps it hidden underneath his shirt and jumper, but his mother says that as long as he believes it will keep him safe.
He sighs and shrugs his shoulders. The shrug turns into a shudder and a moment later a soft blanket is carefully wrapped around his body.
“Sherlock would never forgive me if he found out,” the man replies. “And trust me, he would. He is far more observant than you are, John. Now here is what we will do.” John presses his lips together while the man reaches for the inside pocket of his suit jacket and gracefully pulls out the photograph. “You will tell me who this dealer is and where I can find him. Don't even think about lying.”
“I was waiting for you by my car, ready to take you home,” Sherlock continues.
Quotes:
John takes a deep breath and straightens his posture like the brave soldiers in his History book as he knocks on the door and is called inside. Mr. Stokes is sitting behind his desk, a desk that John suspects came with the room and once belonged to Mr. Morgan. The wood is as dark as the door and the beautiful carvings speak of prestigious public school rather than the average building in which it is currently located.
John almost wants to send Mr. Stokes a bouquet of flowers for not sharing the incident with his Chemistry project.
“I do,” he promises and leans down enough to kiss John's forehead. “You are confused and guilty. Confused because you do not understand your feelings, and guilty because you know that you should not feel like this. Possibly a little frightened, because you fear to be judged.” Sherlock cups John's chin and he brushes their lips together before he continues. “Something happened in class today and you know that you are overreacting, but that does not stop your urge to cry it out. The feeling inside you is too strong, it is crushing the barriers you try to build. You know that you have been blessed with so much, a caring family, education, a time of peace, a loving boyfriend-” John looks up and Sherlock smiles momentarily. “You know that, considering everything you have, you should not let something as little affect you to such a great extent. Do not worry, John. I understand. I have been there myself and I know exactly how you feel. Sometimes the smallest thing is what finally breaks us.”
“We're leaving. Come on.”
John does not know how, but by the time the sun disappears behind the line of trees and clouds begin to take its place, he finds himself wearing the leather jacket to stay warm with his head resting on the Greaser’s lap. Both of them are deep in thought and the absence of words allows them to hear the sounds of nature around them as Sherlock’s hand rhythmically brushes through John’s hair.
“We will have to walk from here,” Sherlock announces as he turns the key and the soft purr from the engine dies out. “It’s not far, come on.”
“I’m not a spy,” he says and nervously licks his lips. “I’m… I am here to meet someone.”
He fails severely. His gaze falls on the corner of a small photograph hidden under his jumpers and he abandons the plans of closing his wardrobe to instead pick it up. Sherlock's hair is dark like the night and his skin fair. Pure perfection he lost due to a moment of romantic vagary. A couple of photographs to immortalise his and Sherlock's feelings and one nightmare embodied in flesh. To think that Mr. M entered his house and searched his room sends a shudder through John's body and he turns around to look at the door, as if he expects the man to stand there. The door is closed and the room empty, and he slowly exhales. Mr. M can impossibly be a demon sent to punish him.
John’s jaw drops. He had expected a detailed, impressive and complicated explanation to Sherlock’s choice of name. How the atomic mass of boron could be divided by the number of members to find a number transformable into something meaningful. Anything but a childish play with words.
The rattan cane.
“I'm serious, John.” Also Mr. Stokes' voice speaks of how serious the man is and John reluctantly looks up. “You might not see it yourself, but this cannot possibly end well. There is a power imbalance, and an obvious one. Those Greasers will end up hurting you and I am worried it will be physically.”
To his surprise, Sherlock chuckles.
Mr. Stokes' voice is not loud, but the word cuts through John's body and seems to paralyse his spine.
”Good.” Sherlock nods approvingly and cards his fingers through John's hair. ”We want everyone to know to whom you belong, don't we?”
Mr. Stokes does not seem bothered by the fact that he looks as small behind the desk as John looks next to Sherlock. The man waits until the door is firmly closed and then shows John to take the seat in front of the desk, on a chair that is hard and uncomfortable.
The whizzing in his ears is louder than Sebastian’s panicked voice. He cannot breathe. The rope presses his windpipe into a two-dimensional shape, the blood is throbbing behind his closed eyelids. He opens them for a second, wide, terrified eyes staring straight ahead as his blue lips open in a desperate attempt to inhale. He will suffocate, or the weight from his body will snap his neck. He does not which will come first or which he prefers. Which will offer him the most peaceful end to the torture.
“Thank you for taking me home.” His voice is pressed through a narrow tube and comes out distant and dead as he fumbles with the helmet and the glasses, only to press also those closely to his body when Sebastian shakes his head.
He does not have to fake the illness he claims to have. His stomach twists and turns, threatening to throw up the sandwich he grabbed from the kitchen before he escaped from everyone's sight the night before. The guilt makes his head spin and his hand is shaking when he leans against the worktop for support, half expecting his mother to be able to read the sin off him. To, with some miraculous method, see where Sherlock's lips touched his and how the Greaser's tongue, with the lightest brush, ghosted John's lower lip.
“I did,” he promises in a weak whisper. “It was... It was amazing.”
that." He nods in the direction of the doorway and looks back at Sherlock, just in time to see those muscular shoulders pull up in another shrug.
“It would seem as though our little talk yesterday had an unwanted side effect, Mr. Watson.”
“One moment!” He must pull himself together, just like his subconscious, annoyingly in Sherlock’s voice, told him to do. Step two is to get Sherlock out of his head as he leaves Mr. Stokes’ bathroom on feet as light as he entered it.
“I need you to turn around.”
“He... He is not-”
To the grave and possibly even beyond.
John's panicked voice nearly sends Mr. Stokes down on the floor with a hand clasped over his heart and John, embarrassed to make his teacher jump like a skittish rabbit, clears his throat.
“Love and drugs are how people control you, you know,” John mumbles when one of Sherlock's hands wanders down his back to gently rub his arse.
Sherlock looks down at him and a small smile tugs on his lips. “Good.”
Sherlock has parked the car next to an old and abandoned farm where, by the looks of it, the road ends. Most of the windows are broken and a dirty sheet floats gracefully in the wind where it is tied to forever dry. What remains of the unknown farmer’s history before he decided to try his luck at the industry in the town makes John shudder, but Sherlock steers his steps past the house and into the forest behind. John follows best he can, over moss covered rocks and through seemingly impenetrable thicket, but despite the regular rugby practices he soon feels his thighs burn. Sherlock trots on like an elegant gazelle and does not seem bothered by the obstacles nature puts in front of them as he purposefully and with accustomed steps proceeds forward.
Sherlock is not patient enough to let John’s confusion fade and leave room for a proper response. The pale fingers, which a moment earlier contaminated the fresh spring air by recklessly waving a cigarette, now curl around the strap of John’s brown leather bag and yank it up on Sherlock’s shoulder. The bag looks incongruous on the teen with the tight jeans and backcombed hair. Sherlock does not seem to notice the extra weight of books weighing John down every day and a moment later he is already walking back the way he came, John’s bag swaying by his side and with shoes soundlessly moving over the soft grass.
“So...” Sebastian breaks the silence after a while, looking more at the street outside the window than at John. “I could give you a ride to school tomorrow. Since Holmes's gone and you've still got that helmet. Might as well pick ya up.”
A bright blush appears on John's cheeks and he licks his lips. It takes more self-control than it should to reject Sherlock's offer.
John shrinks, but when he finds the courage to glance up at Sherlock, the Greaser is looking away.
John nods and then shakes his head with his cheeks and ears heating up. “No, not by alcohol. By... Sherlock, you... You abused drugs before you came here, didn't you?”
Sherlock's hands remain eager when they disappear up John's shirt, examining every patch of skin within his reach, but the small kisses on John's neck speak of tenderness. They fill John's chest with warmth. Naive like a young child and desperate for confirmation he absorbs the sign of affection, gentle and fond, and lets it drape the darker parts of Sherlock in shadows.
Sherlock pulls away with a smirk and presses their foreheads together, pleased with John's light panting.
He groans and rubs his eyes in frustration when the words fail him. Sherlock would call him spoilt. Ungrateful and over-sensitive.
Mr. Stokes is still standing before him, wearing the same suit and with the same neatly combed hair, but everything else has changed since he last saw him ten minutes ago. The dark eyes are dead. The smile on the man’s lips is not kind and his posture speaks of confidence in his own cunningness.
“Can you tell me what this is, Mr. Watson?”
The scream, building from somewhere deep within an injured body and leaving parted lips in a heartrending shriek barely reaches him.
“You, new guy. I asked for a moment alone with Mr. Watson here. You are dismissed, now run along.”
Sherlock cuts him off once again, this time with a chuckle.
He leans up and pecks Sherlock's lips, playing all cards at hand to win the Greaser's permission.
John does not know what he has to offer Sherlock. The Greaser can get both legal and less clumsy kisses from any of the girls who would be nearly as happy as Molly to be the special one, and yet Sherlock elects to kiss him. Sherlock forces secret after secret upon him until they build up and threaten to trickle out through his ears like thick grease unless he shares them with someone.
John swallows thickly as Greg leaves him and he picks up his bag to enter the classroom. He should know better than to tell anyone. The secrets Sherlock gives him are secrets that he has to take to the grave.
“I took the liberty of breaking into your locker, John.”
“I'm very sorry for bursting in like that, Mr. Stokes.”
“I'll get you the bread, Victor,” Sherlock says coldly. “My brother's being a wet rag again. He's trying to cut me off the family money.”
There are more things than rugby that can unite a Greaser and a square.
“Religion is there to help you in times of trouble, John. If the thought of a slip scares you, you might want to reconsider your faith. Guilt and religion are not automatically intertwined."
“So you know Sherlock.”
The teacher's dark gaze falls upon him where it scans his face for a moment before he opens his mouth.
John is so relieved when the bell announces the end of the day that he is one of the first to leave his seat and collect his books. Friday afternoon, no rugby and no plans with Sherlock. After the strenuous week he has never been more eager to go home, have a cup of tea and open his books under the soft and familiar light of his desk lamp. Sherlock's presence fills his head with the wrong knowledge, improper knowledge that will be of little help during his exams.
“Stay.”
“I said I’m giving you a ride home.”
Do not question God.
“Don’t be scared,” the man continues, sensing John’s horror. “You are not to blame, so I will not tell anyone. Sherlock Holmes lured you in. He cursed your mind and defiled your body. It’s not your fault.”
“You are late for your class, golden boy.”
Sherlock brushes a curl of blonde hair behind John’s ear and then leans across him to open the door. “Now off you go.”
John cannot hold back the broken moan when Sherlock's digits finally wrap themselves around his cock. It is not particularly big even erected, still growing like the rest of him, and the Greaser can easily get a good hold with his long, bony fingers.
Anger builds inside John. Sherlock may be a shuckster, hardly worthy of John’s full-hearted protection, but it pains him to know that Sherlock suffered through years of unfair accusations.
Sherlock snatches the jacket off his shoulder and John watches it fold under the Greaser's arm with a lump in his throat.
“I would tell you to make peace with your gods, but it looks like you already have.”
John's eyes are still distant and he reluctantly obeys the hand splayed over his shoulder blades, leading him into a simple but elegant sitting room. He is barely aware of the soft cushion of the sofa as Mr. Stokes firmly pushes him down and he can feel, even though it should be biologically impossible, how the pale colour on his cheeks turn green.
Sherlock hushes him and the desperate touches calm down as a lanky finger instead touches his lips. “It will be all right,” he promises quietly. “Give it a moment. You are very tight, John, but you will stretch. Keep breathing.”
John nods numbly and, slowly, Sherlock leans closer. The sound of the rain fades into the distance as John's heart drowns everything but his irregular breathing and his pupils dilate to twice their size the moment before their lips meet. John's heart leaps in his chest and he gasps, horrified but unable to pull back, and the world seems to stop turning when Sherlock is so close that his breath spreads like a warm blanket over John's lips. John's head fills with thick fog and cotton, a pleasant state of dream and unreality, and he exhales shakily before Sherlock closes the distance between them and firmly presses their lips together.
To his surprise he makes it through first period, second, third, fourth, and lunch. He makes it to the last class of the day without Sherlock confronting him about the jacket that now is securely hidden inside his locker. In fact, Sherlock does not even look at him.
By the time John takes his lunch to the tree the news of him – rugby player, perfect student and overall square – wearing a Greaser's jacket have been ingrained and branched throughout the school with the impressive speed of McDonald Bailey's equivalence of the world record in Belgrade. If the rumours have reached Sherlock the Greaser does not show any signs of knowing as he beckons John forward with a long finger and with what John could have sworn is a proud smirk.
, the voice corrects him.
“John, I know exactly how you feel.”
Until John has to look away.
“I know I did, you sent him.”
John can only shrug and pulls Sherlock with him as he stumbles back, only stopping once his trembling body is trapped between the rough brick wall and Sherlock's protective form. Safe and hidden.
John lifts his hand, just enough to pat the Greaser's shoulder and attract his attention.
John's lips are soft and insecure, Sherlock's unyielding and demanding, and the second before John's eyelids flutter close he can see the dark hunger luring in the Greaser's eyes.
Sherlock takes his hand when they leave town and John's bottom suddenly hurts a little less, but he is still the first of them to leave the car and stand up when they stop in front of a big house. It stretches up above them, like a castle from his dreams, with countless windows and impressive towers. It is the typical example of the property of a family of old money.
“This is Miss Hooper's project. I have studied it five times, Mr. Watson, and all I can find regarding your participation is your name scribbled on the front. I do not tolerate this kind of behaviour and laziness, is that clear?”
Sherlock spins them around, and next thing John knows is the sharp edge of the wooden desk pressing into the low of his back. The temperature in the room seems to rise and rise beyond measure despite the open window, John's ears burn and he is struggling for oxygenated air when Sherlock ruts against him, pressing him harder into the desk until he feels a thin but long bruise form across his back.
John stops drinking and moves his head away from the straw. Sebastian keeps surprising him. He looks into the Greaser's blue eyes for a moment before Sebastian looks away with a shrug.
Sebastian does not question him further. He accepts the vague answer and a few seconds later the roar of a motorcycle disappears around the corner.
The distance up to the car is quickly covered as John hurries up to him with a grin growing wider with each step. The pain in his backside is all but forgotten, suppressed by the happiness of seeing the man who gives
“But Sherlock is younger than you,” John points out and Moriarty raises an eyebrow at the eagerness in his voice.
“Close your mouth, John. I can see what you had for breakfast.”
Sherlock does not want to admit that he finds the photographs enjoyable, but he still claims one of the kissing photos and leaves John with the remaining three. John loves them all, the grumpy Sherlock, the surprised Sherlock and the kissing Sherlock. It is the first time he sees them kissing and John cannot stop looking at the way their lips meet and how Sherlock looms over him. He looks so small next to the Greaser.
“And studying, apparently.” Sherlock pulls back enough to move his gaze over the organised mess of papers, books and pens displayed on John's duvet. “Boring.”
John can nearly see the cogwheels spin in Sherlock's head as he tries to understand the reference, and then the Greaser chuckles.
“But it is so obvious,” he mutters, before he raises his voice for John to hear. “Do you really think that I would add a random letter to the name for the looks of it? Don’t be slow, John.”
A moment later he wishes that he had retreated while he had the chance. The flash of insecurity is nothing but a flash and it is gone so quickly that John is unsure whether he actually saw it as he looks up at the young man’s angry face.
A sharp sound from the bell cuts him off and John looks up to see the door in front of him open. Greg gets up with a groan and gives John's arm another pat.
John's words are thick, but his voice still carry a bitterness even Sebastian distinguishes. A frown appears between the Greaser's eyebrows and he tilts his head to the side ever so slightly, whilst trying to solve the equation in front of him. John, uncomfortable by the scrutinising eyes, looks away, only to have his gaze darting back to Sebastian when the other suddenly speaks.
“…I'm sorry.” He mutters the words, and the next moment he flinches. Sherlock raises his hand, big and strong, and John can easily picture it crush both his glasses and his nose with ease.
His lungs try but fail to deliver enough oxygen to his racing heart, forcing him to breathe faster and heavier for every second until he is a panting mess on Sherlock's shoulder.
“Clearly.” Sherlock’s voice is amused as he closes the book and places a finger under John’s jaw to regain his full attention. “And yet you have come further than most people. I am actually surprised by my own wittiness.” He makes a pause, offers John one last chance to solve the puzzle, before he rolls his eyes. “Boron rhymes with moron.”
Sherlock lets go of his hand only to shift gears. John can understand why Molly and the vast majority of the girls would walk over corpses to sit in a Greaser's car with their hands joined and with
John's heart jumps and he slowly turns around to look at the tall Greaser who approaches them with the leather jacket in his hand. He is vaguely aware of Molly running her hand over her braid and pulling it to fall down her front as Sherlock stops in front of them and raises an eyebrow.
John prefers it that way, when his cheeks shine like lighthouses for Mr. Davis to see and Sherlock's movements draw small gasps from him rather than cries of pain. His back occupies none of the Greaser's attention as Sherlock's fingers tighten their grip with enough strength for ten small bruises to form along his hips. They are dangerous marks would anyone see, but at that moment John does not care. He feels marked by Sherlock, owned and taken, and with ownership comes responsibility of love and protection.
“But,” John points out with a frown. “You have a car.”
It is not his fault, but Mr. Stokes should not know that. He should not have seen the connection between John’s sad eyes and the absence of the leather jacket.
John shrugs, but Sebastian refuses to let it go.
“I didn't want to.” John speaks clearer this time and looks up with defiant eyes. “I didn't want to wear your jacket. People would know that we-” He cuts off and looks around in the empty corridor before he continues with his voice lowered. “Kissed.”
“Look who has been a clever boy. I’m afraid that means I can’t let you go. Oh my.” Mr. Stokes’ voice is a new drawl of cold sarcasm. The Oxbridge accent is gone and John, not recognising the Irish accent as his teacher’s, looks up with a surprised frown.
The three words are enough to make Sherlock’s face fall into disappointment. “Why else would you bring that book? It’s just stupid.”
Sherlock's hand leaves John's leg to shift gears as they leave the street and once they are on a safe distance from John's home the Greaser's arm wraps around his shoulders. It would be enough for someone to send a glance in their direction to see their inappropriate intimacy, but John does not give it a second thought. He trusts Sherlock to keep him safe.
Moriarty waves him towards the tree, gun in his hand.
Mr. Stokes gives him a stern look.
Molly catches up with him in the science corridor. Her skirt is floating around her legs as she hurries her steps to grab his arm.
John's words sound almost accusatory and he swallows thickly when the cold gaze returns to his face.
John does not let himself realise that he is playing with fire as he grips the Greaser's arm and quickly continues.
His head spins and his feet fumble over the floor to get him into an upright position, but the teacher's firm hand is once again on his shoulder.
Whatever Sebastian was expecting, it is obvious from his reaction that it was anything but that. The Greaser freezes and, just like outside the warehouse, John sees the briefest moment of fear cross the teenagers face before it scrunches up in anger.
John’s confused frown deepens as he opens the first page with a growing concern of being made fun of, before his eyes widen and his heart skips a beat as he is blinking down at a copy of the periodic table.
He waits, listens to the sound of fingers once again tapping against the steering wheel, but it is not until he loses his patience and reaches for the door handle that Sherlock’s clear voice is heard in the car.
it. He craves it.
All doubts are gone. The first kiss could be called a mistake or an unfortunate incident, but as soon as their lips met for the second time they were kissing for real. They would have been a couple if one of them had been a girl. John does not know what kissing twice makes them, but he does not care. The label is not important and it would be full of sin.
“Excuse me?”
“I don’t know what it is, Mummy.” In the end he sees no other way out than admitting that he stands clueless and a moment later his mother floods him with accusing words like a bursting pond.
“The sounds you made yesterday...” Sherlock's hot breath is back on his neck, kissing his jawline and drawing a broken sigh from John's lips. “Those sweet moans are enough to drive a man mad.”
“I'm sorry to disappoint you,” he whispers and buries his arms under the pillow. “Few strokes, but he hit hard. There must be marks.”
Sherlock does not resolve to physical violence, but John struggles for breath when he stumbles back home. The house lays empty and his bedroom window, where Sherlock entered and left, stands ajar. John closes it heavy-heartedly, with a deep sigh not matching the chirping of birds outside. He dresses slowly and tries not to think about Sherlock, about his parents' worry when he rushed out the door that morning without any explanation. Trying not to think at all.
His ex-boyfriend.
The word seems to help. Sherlock unfolds the paper and show John the short message he already has read.
Moriarty’s eyes drop to John’s lips and, with John’s chin firmly in place, he leans down to kiss him. The kiss is rough, impersonal and without passion, everything that Sherlock’s kisses are not. When Moriarty pulls back he looks unimpressed, once and for all convinced that Sherlock’s affections are a waste of time.
Okay I'm rambling. See you next week (hopefully)! Thank you for reading <3
Sherlock looked at him curiously, before he erupted into giggles. John laughed with him, and soon they were in their usual place.
“I did not!”
Sherlock’s heart beat fast in his chest; John stood in front of him, his chest uncovered - and he didn’t mind at all.
“John... I'm so sorry. About everything. I know it's all my fault... if I hadn't been there, you would still have a future, with Mary-"
The game continues.
“Freak,” Donovan mumbles as they pass.
Sherlock carefully unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his own scar on his shoulder.
John and Sherlock went to get milkshakes at Speedy's and then went off to find John's cane. When John had to go, he promised he would visit Sherlock's flat "another time".
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I don’t even know your brother- We haven’t-” Lestrade stutters.
What happened previously:
He stares at the screen, waiting for John to start typing. His feet bounce up and down as insecurities flash through his brain. Was that stupid? Should I have been distant instead? People hate it when I try to be funny. I should just delete them before he sees-
“Yes! Yes, of course. I’ll just… call you then.”
“No. You don't get to be sorry!” John shouted, cutting off Sherlock's apology in the process. He stopped at the top of the stairs, and turned to look Sherlock in the eye.
John has moved into Baker Street. Before John could have a rest or even unpack some boxes, John and Sherlock heard the hedgehog shrieking from the bedroom...
John let his jumper fall back over his chest, feeling exposed.
Please leave a comment to tell me what you think of this chapter. I read them all! <3
“Quiet it down, will ya? Don’t want everyone knowing I’m-”
“Very well, John. An interesting case indeed! Is it my birthday? I haven’t checked,”
John chuckles. “Of course. I’ll keep that in mind.”
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. John grabbed his gun, and carefully went around the corner.
“Wow. You got all that from a few sounds?”
Do robots even like magic? -SH
You did not scare me off. I’m not an idiot, I know such a thing does not exist. I was simply preparing tea. -SH
John snickers. “You’re right, that would be stupid of you.” He gives Sherlock a teasing look.
...I have nothing to say for myself.
He burst into the flat. Sherlock quickly followed him and closed the door behind them.
“Oh, god yes.”
This time, it is John’s turn to smile. “Of course, you idiot,” he says. “Watching you do deductions at a crime scene? That’s the most exciting thing to happen to me in months!”
Sherlock shakes his head, a grin spreading across his face. He can’t believe he’s having a conversation with someone. Though, to be fair, it is texting. He’s always prefered to text over…being face to face.
So he was in an underground station. Now, during the conversation, exactly three trains passed. One sounded like it came from the left, the other from the right. Three trains, in 4 and a half minutes. There’s only one station in which that is possible, which is Belsize station. Judging by his accent, he is a member of the Campbell family, who are known to have residence in Haverstock Hill. Haverstock Hill is near Belsize Park station, so it checks out,”
“John…”
Sherlock sits up straight, his drowsiness immediately disappearing from his mind. He’s wide-awake and promptly continues reading the messages.
“Sherlock?”
John read Sherlock’s face like a book.
John grinned, looking down at his feet.
“I did, yeah. Scraped across my calf. It was nothing, though; they treated it on the way here.”
“You didn’t have to. Your suit plainly indicated to  me that it’s a date.”
Sherlock took his hedgehog, John, to the vet. At the vet, there was apparently an intern working there, who was also named John...
He stood very close to Sherlock now, close enough for him to hear his heart, beating fast.
Obviously. But I suspect you do your job quite well without zoolingualism. -SH
“Oh, that’s interesting! I’m sure I could be of help, then. I’m studying to be a vet,” John explains to Lestrade.
Sherlock smirked at John's question. But instead of answering it right away, he turned up his coat collar, and leaned in, pressing a kiss on John's lips. He refrained himself from melting into it just yet; instead, he separated his lips from John's and whispered:
“Well, the thing I came to you about… Something, -someone- was stolen from me. I got involved with some bad people, and… One of the men… They took my little sister. And I- I couldn’t come to your home because-”
Sherlock glared at John; his eyes vague with confusion.
“Hey Sherlock, you know what I just realised?”
John held his hands on the gun-wound, in an attempt to stop the blood from flowing out.
“You better be quick, Sherlock. I’m only here for another hour, then I-”
(Monday, 7.31 a.m.)
beds. Sherlock's fingers dance gracefully across the strings, moving his bow delicately to create beautiful sounds. He smiles at his hedgehog, who is resting, enjoying the music that Sherlock is making.
“I have loved nothing more than spending my life with you and would like to continue to do so for the rest of it.”
(Monday, 7.31 a.m.)
Sherlock is awoken from his slumber by a notification from his phone.
“Yes, John.”
Someone hands John a suit. A woman, tanned skin, black curls, around his age. “Don’t worry about him,” she says. “He doesn’t care about rules and regulations. All he does is break rules. You know he comes here out of enjoyment, right? Looking at dead things, being all clever about it. He’s a bloody psychopath.”
John noticed Sherlock’s eyes turn brighter, a tell-tale sign that Sherlock was about to start deducting.
“John!” he heard Sherlock whisper. He swiftly turned around, and saw Sherlock standing there. Thank god, he was alright.
Sherlock looked up his questions about hedgehog pregnancy, freaked out, and texted John. John immediately came over. Now he's wondering why Sherlock asked him to come over in the first place...
He was surrounded by all kinds of medical devices, but he was there.
“So… What are we doing tonight? You said we are going out, right?”
Could be dangerous. -SH
They then looked at one another, making sure that they were both okay, and smiled.
The woman stared at John with wonder, and carefully removed her bag from her abdomen. It revealed her pregnant belly.
He was vaguely aware of Mrs Hudson taking his hand. He hadn’t even noticed her arriving.
“So you do like me!” Sherlock teased.
But no, it’s me, the intern.
“I’m Sergeant Sally Donovan. I've  worked with him for a while, I'm sorry to say. Be careful with him; he’s a freak. I mean, who visits a crime scene for entertainment?”
Today, 7 p.m. The address is 221B Baker Street. -SH
Sherlock jumped back in surprise. John didn't bother this and continued:
“You were right, Mr Holmes… I met Daniel in a pub once. We started seeing each other more often, and, you know… We got intimate.
“We’re going on a case, John.”
John looks at the woman, appalled, the protective suit hanging limply in his hands. “Sorry, and you are?”
<3 <3
“Sorry, what?”
Right!
“Sher…” John sighed, before running up after him.
“Thank you for what?” John whispered, gazing into Sherlock’s star-filled eyes.
(Monday, 7.42 a.m.)
“Perhaps.” Sherlock opens the door to a room in the house.
“Anyways. The case! Yes, very interesting case, this one. We desperately needed Sherlock.”
John came to visit Sherlock in his flat. He properly met little Johnhog, and he taught Sherlock about the mind palace.
“Alright, sounds good. What kind of case?”
Sherlock thinks over his feelings for the handsome intern.
John smirked, and went upstairs to put on some decent clothes.
Although that would be interesting. I’d love to know how she’s feeling. -SH
He takes a gander through one of the windows of the house. The house has been vacated, but he can still clearly see the furniture which decorates the living room. The furniture is outdated, but kept tidy and clean. There are knitted blankets over every chair. So an elderly person lives here. Only one, judging by the fact that one of the arm chairs doesn’t have an indent, which would be there if the chair were in regular use.
But he is also wearing the most beautiful smile as he says, “Hi.”
John was about to protest, but Sherlock was ahead of him:
“I love you.”
John looked up, noticing Sherlock staring into his eyes. They both quickly tore away their gaze, looking down with a slight smile on their face.
“Perfect!” Sherlock says, before Lestrade can finish his sentence. “Text me the details. I’ll be there.”
“Will you marry me?” Sherlock repeated, less confidently than he did before.
“What do you mean, you’ve taken all my cigarettes?”
, both of them thought.
They kissed for a while, none of them really noticing the time passing by; their minds too invested in the moment.
Sherlock flinched.
Where we left off last time:
John kept quiet. There they were. the words he longed to hear for the longest time; and he couldn’t think of a response.
(Monday, 7.55 a.m.)
Thank you again to @Lisa4Language for being an extraordinary beta.
“John…” Sherlock’s eyes fluttered, struggling to stay open.
I'm sorry I didn't post a new chapter last week! My inspiration and motivation disappeared for a little while. Chapters should go up every week again from now on!
More gunshots could be heard, and sirens welled up in the far distance.
Sherlock ends the call without bothering to hear the rest.
“Really, Lestrade? It’s Sherlock Holmes, obviously.”
Will he accept?
Sherlock on the ground.
“But what about the first dinner we had? You still rejected me. You said you were married to your work?”
(Monday, 7.37 a.m.)
Sherlock got down on one knee, took a deep breath, and looked John in the eye.
Sherlock pricked up his ears and could hear it now too.
And thank you for teaching me my word of the day! I’m learning already. Soon, I’ll become sentient and take over the world!
John chuckled to himself.
It was now that John realised that it was Greg standing before him.
“The best I’ve got is the poisoning of a local rabbit. But I don’t imagine that would-”
They had dinner at Angelo’s. Well,
Mrs Hudson laughed, and quickly turned around to face them.
(Monday, 7.43 a.m.)
“Can’t believe you would do that to me. Can’t believe-”
Hours passed. Finally, a nurse came out into the waiting room.
Sherlock stares at his screen. This guy is an absolute idiot. Why does he find it so charming?
“Okay, okay, if you say so. Don’t worry, we’ve got all sorts around here. You know, my daughter goes out with boys about every night,” he says.
“Yours, John. I hadn’t yet seen that she was pregnant, but you noticed it right away. Excellent job.” Sherlock smiled at him. A genuine smile.
He swings open the doors to his closet and starts picking out outfits.
(Monday, 7.38 a.m.)
“Sherlock,” John whispered.
They erupted in giggles; their eyes closed with contentment.
Sherlock gives no response, as he trots over to examine the corpse.
John was suffering. He expected a doctor to come inside, to tell him that Sherlock had passed away. But the only sound that could be heard, was the ticking of a clock.
Blood stained Sherlock’s shirt.
Lestrade smiles at this. “Glad to see the old you back.” Without warning, he pulls Sherlock into a hug. Sherlock awkwardly accepts it. “Thank you,” he whispers.
John looked at Sherlock from across the table.
“Nice to meet you.” Lestrade grins, letting his eyes pass from John to Sherlock.  “So, I assume you are here for the case? No wonder Sherlock was so desperate to get any case tonight; I should have guessed it was for a-”
“I… heard…”
“Why was there a site filled with pictures of military men opened on my laptop? I don’t mind you using it, but could you at least-”
Sherlock doesn’t know if he imagined it, but he can swear that he just saw John wink at him. That’s okay, we’re even now. But also: Oh. My. God.
Thankfully, Mrs Hudson knew exactly what she had to say.
He immediately reached for his chest.
A joke. The tension in the atmosphere dissipates, making Sherlock release a breath.
“So, when are you going to tell me where we’re going?” John asks. The two of them had been  silent for the entire cab ride, too nervous to speak. The cool evening air made John alert, though, and suddenly curious about where they are heading.
John didn’t bother to repeat what he had found; he didn’t want Sherlock disappearing into his bedroom again. So he asked a different question.
“It doesn’t have to be a good one. Just one that’s… entertaining. Have you got anything like that?”
His fingers flying across the screen, he calls a number.
Sherlock noticed John staring and turned to face him. John was looking somewhere else - his neck? - but Sherlock chose to look in the man’s eyes. It was interesting; eyes didn’t matter much to Sherlock. Colours over all had no special effect on him. But when he looked at John, the colours seemed… Brighter.
Sherlock sighed. The kidnapper had hung up.
John stared at him, and Sherlock could watch his eyes, to see the exact moment the penny fell.
Sorry, I hope I didn’t scare you off with that. You do actually have the right number.
“Why weren’t you… um… Surprised when you saw us just then?”
As soon as they stepped out of the restaurant, Sherlock took the lead and walked towards a park nearby.
“Hm?”
“Boyfriend, yes. Thought it was
His eyes twinkled, as Sherlock explained:
Sherlock took a sharp intake of breath, before slowly responding:
This is John.
Lestrade and John talk about the details of the case, while Sherlock walks around the crime scene to investigate.
John has noticed her presence as well, by now, and quickly jumps back from Sherlock.
“Yes, you did. Doesn’t take a genius to figure that one out. You asked me about my sexuality, licked your lips when you found out I was single, and couldn’t stop staring at me.
John looked up, curious as to what it was.
John turns around to see a man standing behind him. The man looks at him with amused brown eyes. His silver hair is cut short, making him look older than he probably is. John guesses the man is about 5 years his senior.
“We… out?... Oh!” his face lit up. “Yes! You’re coming with me tonight. Something fun, don’t worry,”
“I got your milk,” Sherlock said with a deep voice, which startled John.
“John, that thing you did… What you offered to do…”
“It is what it is,” he whispered.
“You really think it would be that easy, huh? No, I didn’t call to give you any clue. I simply called… To warn you,”
John quickly stood up. “He’s awake?”
“A case? Sherlock, I told you before: if there’s a good case, I promise I’ll call you. There’s nothing that would interest you tonight. Sorry.”
“Did you bring me here to investigate a rabbit?” John whispers when he finally catches up with Sherlock.
John burst in through 221B, already running up the stairs, with Sherlock following close behind him.
Sherlock turns around to face John, a large grin spreading across his face.
“Hello Mr Holmes. I’ve heard you’ve been looking for me,”
“Good. You’re almost home,”
“Nothing. Absolutely nothing… Hey, do you have a date tonight?” he said, quickly changing the subject. He fled to the kitchen, where John would not see the look of embarrassment on his face.
“Throughout our life together, all our adventures and cases, you never once let me down, and I was always there for you, too.
No, not your hedgehog who has mysteriously gained the ability to text.
Sherlock briskly walked past him, back downstairs.
He was alive.
“I understood it, by the way. I'm not an idiot.”
“Yeah that’s getting a bit scary now,”
Thank you so much for still tagging along! I'm having a lot of fun with this story. :D
Thank you so much for reading. <3
That said,
Enjoy this chapter :)
“Your deduction thing. You managed to see everything about me without any help, in just a few minutes. That’s what you do on the crime scene, isn’t it? You deduce what happened and who commited the crime.”
“What are you saying, John?” Sherlock carefully asked. Although, of course, he knew exactly what. It hadn’t been hard to figure out. But he needed John to say it. Because he knew that if he was wrong, which he rarely was, his heart could easily shatter in a million pieces.
John blinked at his flatmate, who got on one knee before him.
“A poisoning,” Lestrade says. Sherlock’s eyes light up at this. “Of a rabbit.” Sherlock’s eyes dim again, but John looks excited.
p.s. I made a painting for this story to celebrate the end! You can check it out on my twitter @sprinkledoodler .
Despite the children’s bicycles in the front yard of the house, there is no sign of children actually living in the house. The state of the  front lawn suggests that these bicycles aren’t usually there. If the children were to use the bicycles often and place them back in the front yard, there would be clear indents of wheels in the grass, but it is unmarred, apart from some broken blades caused by shoes.
This robot does. Because, you see, I’m on the verge of being sentient. Right on that edge, where you like magic.
And thank you all again for reading. I hope you enjoy this story as much as I do writing it :)
And suddenly, he has forgotten everything he had wanted to say.
“Would it be alright if I kissed you?”
“What?” Sherlock asks, noticing John’s giggles.
John quickly walked over to Sherlock. “So? What happened?”
“Sherlock,” John said, pulling up a chair next to his bed.
‘Olivia’ John whispered.
(Monday, 7.41 a.m.)
Sherlock inched closer, subconsciously bringing his face closer to John.
I want to thank @Ionelywatson on twitter once more, because without their prompt about Sherlock owning a hedgehog named John, this all never would have happened!
“My… thing?”
Thank you for reading! I wrote nearly this entire chapter in one day, because I just had to post it in time! Didn't want to ruin my streak ;)
They retreat from the hug, and dust off their suit fronts. They do each have a date tonight, after all.
“Sherlock, SHUT UP!”
“Hello there, did you message us?” John asked kindly to the woman.
I hope you're still enjoying this. Let me know if you are. For all I know, you've all stopped reading after chapter 9.
“Indeed I am. Where have you hidden the girl?”
“I'm gay, John.”
John slowly tread closer to Sherlock, his gaze fixed on Sherlock’s perfect face. The sharp cheekbones, his icy blue eyes, his lips…
John smiled. He found it really sweet whenever Sherlock got excited about a case.
John didn’t bother continuing, seen as Sherlock had already fled into his room. He sighed.
Please leave a comment and tell me what you think; it makes my day! <3
He gives a satisfied nod toward the mirror, before checking his phone. Twenty minutes to 7:00.
“We’ll stop by Angelo’s,” Sherlock said with a smile. “Now, let’s go,”
“It was noth-”
“Amazing,”
After a while, they caught their breath, and put their foreheads together.
“So… Where were we?” John said.
He opens the door with trembling hands.
“I suppose… I should-” John quickly runs after Sherlock.
Lestrade stifles a yelp, and glares at Sherlock.
“Give me a cigarette, and I promise I’ll behave in front of your date,” Sherlock hisses.
“Well observed. I can tell you’re friends with Sherlock!”
But before he can even finish the thought, three little dots appear on his screen.
When the woman couldn’t continue, John put her thoughts into words.
“Oh,”
Their lips met, the gap between them finally closed, the tension finally resolved. John went weak in the knees, but Sherlock protectively put his arms around him, holding him steadily.
I reached over 20 000 words on this story already! And I'm still not done ;)
“For being the best thing that ever happened to me. For saving me.”
She embraced Sherlock, sobbing, half-angry and half-relieved.
“Well, it wasn't that hard to find out,” Sherlock smirked. John cocked his head, annoyed at his own obviousness.
“Oh, please. I wouldn’t get advantage of a desperate man who just met me.”
John’s eyes twinkled, knowing that he had noticed something that Sherlock hadn’t.
The grass under the bicycles isn’t worn either, which would be the case if they had been standing there for a longer period of time; however, the bikes themselves do look worn and used.
“Well, you have my number.”
“Oh. You didn’t know.”
“Well, yeah. There’s a tiny spot, a bruise on the side of its neck which you only get when you have been injected with a needle.”
“Grandkids,” Sherlock corrects him.
Oh thank god, he finds it funny.
(Monday, 7.32 a.m.)
John and Sherlock awkwardly avert their gazes.
“A good one, trust me. We just have to get to this park. You see, I got a message earlier, asking to meet up in this spot. They said they couldn’t meet in Baker Street. So this person is being abused.”
“Go on then,” he sighed.
“Sherlock! Thank god you’re okay, boy. You had us so worried! Don’t ever scare me like that again, you hear me? Ever!”
Haha!
Sherlock releases himself from his brother’s grip and turns to face him.
Where we left off last time:
“Please,” his voice cracked.
If you have something you want to see, (a tiny detail, like a sentence or an object), let me know and I might add it to the next chapter! ;)
John coughed and gave Sherlock a look.
“Sherlock, I...” John couldn't bear say the words. He never had been able to. But it was now the time to finally do so. He settled his breathing, ignored his racing heart and stood up straight like a soldier.
Now he has arrived at John's house, about to confront the mystery stalker girl.
“Ha ha. Very funny, John.” Sherlock’s tone is sarcastic, but there is a faint smile on his lips. “Yes, I’m sure it’s a girl. Quite easy to tell with rabbits. Anyway, I still need to determine the cause of death. I figured you could help me with that?”
“Yes, alright. Thank you Lestrade. You might want to move some forces over here, in case we find anything,”
“The game is on.”
“That went well, didn’t it?” John asked.
“Fancy a cuppa, dears? When you’re finished snogging,”
While they walked home, Sherlock went through his usual deductions.
I am so, so sorry! I haven't updated in about a month... I promise I haven't forgotten about this! I was just extremely busy. Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Enjoy this chapter! <3
“We will. Thank you, Greg.”
Sherlock would never even know.
John looked around nervously. What on earth was going on?
“Yes, Sherlock Holmes! And, Doctor Watson.” A slight tremor could be heard in her voice, before she steadied it.
John smirked, and pulled up his shirt, revealing the scar on his shoulder.
(Monday, 7.37 a.m.)
Thank you so, so much for reading. I really do appreciate it. <3 <3
“Ah, who is that, Mr Holmes? Is that your boyfriend? Oh, isn’t that lovely… It hurts most when the bond is that strong…”
“Well… yes. If you want to, of course.” Sherlock notices the look on John’s face. “Oh, I should have mentioned: I sometimes solve crimes for the police when they’re out of their depth... which is always.”
Thank you for reading!! <3 <3 <3
“Of course,”
“Exactly,”
John quickly ran after him.
“Thank you,” he whispered, before letting go of him again.
I know I missed another week of updating.
Before Mrs Hudson interrupted them with a glass of water.
Suddenly, John had the urge to close that gap.
“Did you get shot? Today, I mean,”
With that, Mycroft turns on his heel and leaves Sherlock behind.
, all right? Why can’t you let us be happy? It’s really important to your brother. And to me. Listen, I’m sorry, okay? I shouldn’t have done that behind your back; that was a crappy thing to do. But I’m really thankful you brought us together. We’re
“What are you doing?” he asked, his eyes going over Sherlock. He was staring at John’s laptop, which lay in his lap.
They rushed into the room, where Sherlock lay.
“The girl… Oh, actually... We found out; there was never a kidnapping.”
Sherlock is on hands and knees, as he frantically looks through his hiding spots, gutted to find that his entire secret stash has vanished.
“Lestrade. Any news on the trace?”
Shouldn’t go wrong. It’ll be fine.
John opened his mouth to respond, but Sherlock kept talking.
Where we left off last chapter: Sherlock was called by the veterinarian's offce, telling him to come over immediately.
The doorbell rings. Sherlock’s heart beats rapidly in his chest. He moves downstairs, straightening his jacket every second. He practices his speech in his head:
Sherlock sat next to her, folding his hands into his classic thinking position, waiting for her to start talking.
He couldn’t help but marvel about how magnificent this man was. His cheekbones, his dark curls, his long fingers tapping on the table.
(See the end of the chapter for
" “Because, because you were dead, Sherlock!”
“Fine.” He checks his watch. “I should get going. So… Have fun you two. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do!” He gives Sherlock a wink and walks off.
Once the men had seen it, she quickly put the bag back, looking around to make sure no one else had noticed.
“Go ahead, I’ll be fine.” John smiles at him.
“How do you…? Oh, whatever. So, the woman wasn’t at the crime scene. We tried calling her, but to no effect. We assume she has brought the children -er, grandchildren- to safety.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, suddenly anxious that he went too far.
“And where do you think you’re going?”
Hello, John. I’m so glad you could make it out tonight. If you’ll follow me, we can get a cab to the first location.
“What, now? Oh-” John quickly got his coat, and rushed after Sherlock, who was already walking downstairs.
Thank you for reading! I really enjoyed writing this chapter. Let me know if you enjoyed it too! :)
They arrive at the crime scene, which is sectioned off with police tape. Sherlock gallantly holds up the tape for John, who gratefully steps under it. John gets the feeling that this is Sherlock’s equivalent of pulling out a chair at a restaurant. He chuckles at the thought.
Sherlock looked at John shyly.
“And after two years... After two years without a single sign that you were alive, it was time for me to... to move on. I had to. I couldn't keep... wallowing, staring at a wall, hoping you'd somehow return.”
(Monday, 7.34 a.m.)
and ask whether
“I spotted the name on her mobile. The one that was calling her, she said it was Daniel. But the name that I saw, was ‘Mary’. So I knew she was lying,”
Please let me know what you thought of this chapter in the comments. I love comments! <3
“I need you to find me a case for tonight.”
This is John.
“Wh- I don’t… What?” he blubbered, suddenly finding himself speechless.
Sorry for the sadness: I've had it in mind from the start. There's a reason for the title...
“We’re not even together!” John let his thought slip out, breaking the awkward silence between the two men. And, in turn, making it more awkward.
Sherlock smiles a satisfied smile, as he walks back to Lestrade and John.
Hello John. -SH
Sherlock stopped, halfway down the stairs, and turned to face John.
Even the bloody neck on this man was gorgeous.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Anyone could have observed that, Lestrade,” Sherlock mutters.
The cab stopped at Haverstock Hill, and immediately, Sherlock received another phone call. This time it was Lestrade calling.
Sherlock looked at him, wide-eyed. There it was. The words he had longed to hear for so long. And all it did was bring great terror to him. John had been keeping in those feelings. For nine years. John was a man of emotion; it must have taken effort, it must have hurt.
I’ll have you know that magic is not part of my job. Sadly.
Balance of probability suggests that this is the house of a grandmother, whose husband passed away a long time ago. And her grandchildren were visiting at the time of the incident.
And yet Sherlock wasn't surprised.
“That’s the problem. I don’t know where they are. I can’t ask Daniel, or he’ll be on to me. And those friends… I can’t be near them. I only know one thing: they often hang out in a pub called ‘Disenchantment’,”
“It’s the kidnappers,” he whispered to John. He quickly answered the phone and put it on speaker.
John immediately turned around, a reflex to check if Sherlock was okay.
“YEs I know what you mean!” John quickly talks over whatever Mrs Hudson was about to say.
“Christ, Sherlock,”
“Great! What kind of case is it?” John asks.
Sherlock's isn't delayed because he believes that he really is talking to a robot. He has been occupied by making a cup of tea.
“Careful, remember you can’t just go back to walking normally…”
He threw himself over Sherlock’s body, in an effort to protect him, still.
Next chapter will be exciting. As you can see, I updated the chapter count. It will end at eighteen chapters! So there will be two more. Hopefully I can keep that promise. I originally planned for this to be 10 chapters tops!
John is typing.
A faint chuckle could be heard.
And there he is.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How did you-”
“But there’s a telephone ringing, Sherlock! It’s been driving me crazy. I don’t know how you couldn’t hear it, it’s right upstairs,”
Fun fact: I actually once witnessed my own cat give birth, so all the reactions Sherlock had are based off my own. I was very stressed out, lol.
“Oh, thank you... But I think... I left something out. Another thing I found out.” John sighed. “what is it?”
“Are you sure it’s a female? We both know determining gender isn’t your strongest suit,” John teases.
“Not really. Apart from the fact that it’s a female, and that she was loved very dearly by the old woman who lives here. You can tell she was recently brushed,” he says, as he moves his finger across the soft fur.
“John, I’m sorry…”
John stared at his best friend, (actually, apparently his boyfriend), and thought.
I’ll take that as a compliment. Although I have no idea what that word means.
Sherlock nods promptly and follows Lestrade over to a private area.
“No, I don’t… Why? Did you deduct something about me?” he said, spreading his arms, and giving him a little twirl.
John’s voice behind Sherlock makes him jump.
Sherlock and John met the mystery girl, who turned out to be Molly. Sherlock promised to help Molly.
Leaning against the wall, giggling like two schoolgirls. Just like they had done when they had first met.
“When we went on our first case together, I subtly dropped hints that I’m gay- oh, don’t look so surprised John, you knew I was gay - and you also, not-so-subtly, flirted with me,”
He thought he saw Sherlock’s expression soften for a moment, but it was gone as quickly as it came.
“Alright,”
(Monday, 7.50 a.m.)
Their lips touched, and immediately, they melted together. They started out gently, but they soon started to get more and more desperate, desperate for the kiss they had been waiting for, for years.
The soothing sound of violin playing fills the flat. John is happily lying down in one of her
He is also wearing a police badge.
They didn’t even notice anyone coming in.
Sherlock smirks at John’s reaction, both smug that his talent is acknowledged and relieved that John didn’t react badly when he heard about Sherlock’s hobbies.
(Monday, 7.40 a.m.)
They say goodbye, and before he knows it, Sherlock is back outside with his hedgehog in his arms. A lot has just happened in there. He has found out his hedgehog is actually a female, who is coincidentally also pregnant with multiple hoglets. He has worked up the courage to ask John the intern out -maybe not for a date, but a crime scene is definitely a step in the right direction- and he actually said yes.
Thank you to my AMAZING beta Lisa4Language for existing and helping with this fic! <3<3
Sherlock lets out a deep chuckle and swiftly moves his fingers across the screen to respond.
Thank you so much for reading! <3 <3
John looked at Sherlock, his vision blurry with tears.
Sherlock and Will (Mrs Hudson's son) are about to enter the room where the kidnapper is hiding. John has sneaked around the back in order to free the children while Sherlock and Will distract the kidnapper.
“It was about damn time,” John said.
Was it? Insecurity washes away his smile.
They had now stopped giggling, and were looking each other in the eyes, a faint smile on their lips.
“But,” he continued, making Sherlock look up hopefully, “You did it because you had to. And I... I had a choice. But I was never... I was never brave enough to actually tell people. Especially you. And who knows, perhaps if I would have... If I had been brave enough... None of this would have happened.”
“You know me, John. I’m not… Like that.”
Sherlock paused for a moment, turning John's remark over again and again in his mind.
“Yes. We traced the phone, and it gave the address of 182 Haverstock Hill. Also, it seems like it wasn’t a disposable phone. It’s still moving on the map. Mistake from the kidnapper, I’d say,”
But Mrs Hudson just walks past.
(Monday, 7.48 a.m.)
Where we left off last time:
“So you better get dressed,” he added, before going through the door and putting on his coat.
“You're my colleague, you idiot.”
“Of course I’ll be going with you.”
John was aware Sherlock was teasing him, getting him to say it. But he played along.
They rushed over to 182 Haverstock Hill, Sherlock’s coat flapping behind him as he ran.
John shook his head, confused at Sherlock’s sudden interest.
Overall, this is the best night of his life.
He leaned in-
(See the end of the chapter for
okay?”
Where we left off last time:
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is that all? A poisoned rabbit?”
John held Sherlock’s hand, even if it was more to calm himself down, than to comfort Sherlock.
I didn’t know you were a robot. Is this the right number? -SH
Sherlock takes this as an invitation to deduce further.
“Hello,”
John nods happily.
Sherlock let out a deep, shaky breath, before whispering back, “Yes”.
“Look at you, talking like a head-over-heels in love teenage girl,” Sherlock teases.
“How do you know that?”
“They explained briefly that something had been taken from them. And because they didn’t want to get in trouble with the people who took it, they contacted me. Now they didn’t exactly say that, of course, but it was clear from the tone of their message,”
John looked up at Sherlock in awe.
Sherlock runs his hands across his chest, smoothing out the fabric of his suit jacket. The navy blue colour highlights the shade of his eyes, and the tight shirt underneath accentuates muscles that he didn’t know he had.
“But... you proposed to her. You
“Not an idiot after all"
“No I did not! How could you go out with him? I mean… he’s my BROTHER.”
Sherlock straightened his back, his eyes wide with panic, and quickly responded:
“Well, it’s almost 8 already. Did your plan have anything to do with dinner? I’m starving.”
Sherlock shuts his mouth in surprise.
They wasted no time, and went around the house to find a way in.
“Fine,” Sherlock mutters.
“Good to see you and John getting along,” Lestrade tries, but Sherlock shushes him.
“Yes, no problem,” Sherlock promptly cut off. “Let’s save the apologies. We all know your safety is most important. Just tell us what your case entails,”
(Monday, 7.46 a.m.)
“What do you want?” he asked, a hint of anger in his voice.
“I don’t think…”
Zoolingualism? It’s the ability to speak to animals. Shouldn’t you know these things as a vet? -SH
“What?”
They stared into each other’s eyes, their bodies only inches apart.
“I don’t…
Next week (probably in two weeks, knowing myself), we'll finally find out who the mysterious girl is. ;) (Let's see if you can guess it already...)
New chapter! After only a week! AND it's twice as long as usual! *Sherlock's TGG voice* I am on fire!
He looked up at the sky, swearing under his breath.
“So she was all part of it. Obviously, I knew that all along,”
Ooh, exciting! Sorry for the slight cliffhanger. Although... I'm really not.
“So, since you disappeared during most of the explanation, let me quickly go over the details of the case with you:
“Obviously. They couldn’t come into our house, because their abuser -balance of probability suggests it’s a boyfriend- would follow them and notice the irregularity. No, they would have to meet up in a place they go regularly, to avoid suspicion. A public space, like a park. Even better.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock watches as John sniffs near the animal’s head, picking up the scent of the poison. He follows John’s hands with his eyes as he puts on gloves and moves them across the corpse. The tip of John’s tongue sticks out of his mouth as he examines the rabbit for any possible bulges. Sherlock subconsciously licks his lips.
You’ll see.
“That was extraordinary”
When John reached upstairs, Sherlock was already holding on to the phone.
Sherlock thinks for a while, before adding:
It means the world to me that some people actually read it, too!
Although that would be interesting.
anything from you, Sherlock. I just wanted to ask you some questions.”
Where we left off last time: John showed up on Sherlock's doorstep to ask him where his cane was. Sherlock didn't know, but promised John they'd look for it later. After his Chemistry class.
John already regretted having done this. He had forgotten how amazingly ripped Sherlock was- his heart was beating so fast; he was afraid that even Sherlock could hear it.
“Boys, what are you doing here?”
“Here you go, darling,” she said.
Unknown number.
“Oh, you twat!” he exclaimed, after he finally understood. Sherlock looked affronted for a moment, before grinning. John couldn't help but join. He grinned, and suddenly the temptation of wanting to kiss Sherlock Holmes was overwhelming. He stood on tip toes, and placed his lips on Sherlock's. He clung onto Sherlock's collar, in an effort of keeping his balance. Sherlock closed his eyes, allowing himself to completely melt into it. He went weak in the knees, for he had never been kissed this way before. John was desperately clinging onto Sherlock, only stopping their kiss for a few moments to catch their breath, before finding each other once again. They melted together, their lips finding their way, perfectly fitting into each other like two puzzle pieces.
John was about to respond, when Sherlock turned it off speaker phone and held the phone to his ear.
“Oh, I did, dear. It seems you didn’t hear, though. Too invested in-”
“What do you mean, we’re not together?”
“Injected?”
“Oh! Thanks.”
Sherlock leant in deeper, a desperate noise coming from his throat.
“Thank you so much for coming. I’m sorry for the inconvenience-”
“Oh, god yes.”
“I noticed it from the moment we first met. Picking up more and more hints along the way. You were in the army; therefore, you knew it would never be accepted for you to be gay. Your family didn't help you either; you saw how it turned out for your sister. This was part of the reason you and Harry do not get along, not just the drinking. I noticed this the first time I deducted your harmful relationship with her, but did not mention it in the fear that you might not take it well. But she pressured you, didn't she? She noticed your behaviour and saw herself in you. She wanted an ally; someone she could talk with about her problems. But instead, you ignored her, getting into fights because you could not help denying the absolute fact; that you like men. But I realised shortly that you obviously like women as well, I noticed you flirting with many females; girlfriends, clients, even caught you attempting to flirt with Anthea before; I would give up on that, by the way; the only person she will ever be interested in is her boyfriend she keeps texting from her blackberry. Anyhow, you like the female gender. However, it was obvious that you took interest in me as well, judging by how you lead the conversation to a topic concerning sexuality, the way you licked your lips when I told you I was single. I think it would have gone further than that, if it wasn't for you denying that you are in any way gay. That, and I was confused by your sudden interest in me, which made me reject you. Sorry about that, by the way. So, we have established that you like women, men and can conclude that you are, therefore, bisexual.”
“As ever, John; you see, but you don’t observe.”
“I have loved you from the moment I met you. The moment I realised your limp could go away just by running around London with me. When I realised that you would kill a man just to protect me. Naturally, I tried to get rid of these feelings. This worked for a while. Although, the feelings never went away fully. It is an interesting fact, John Watson. I have always been able to avoid having feelings, but with you... With you, I never seemed to shake the feeling, that I... perhaps... Love you. The day we met, that was the best day of my life. For the first time, someone actually liked my talents, didn't call me a freak. I always... wished that this meant you could... love... me back. But when you started having girlfriends, even married one of them, I knew that it would never be the case... Sometimes, I felt like telling you. I actually wanted to tell you how I felt when we said our goodbyes on the tarmac. But I could not hurt you like that. So, I made a joke, to see you smile. One last time.”
“Me too.”
“You act like you’re all clever, but you can’t even deduce things like that! Really, dear, I expected more from you. It’s obvious, you two! I’m surprised it took you this long, to be honest,”
Don’t you dare call him a freak. If anything, he’s the most normal person in this room!” John throws the suit at Donovan’s feet, who watches him disgustedly as he walks away from her.
Sherlock and John are on their first case together. A rabbit has been murdered; injected with poison in the home of a grandmother.
Sherlock smiled in confirmation.
“The poison could have easily been in the food. Possibly food that was about to be served to the grandmother or the children. I figured the rabbit could have taken a bite, and… Well.” He gestures to the dead rabbit in front of him. “But it wasn’t in the food! Brilliant! They actually
“Yeah, asphyxiation, probably. There are swollen bruises on the side of its body as well, which probably means that the perpetrator held down the rabbit as he injected the poison.”
“So, I should be going, then,” Sherlock announces.
Multiple police officers are gathered around a white fluffy thing. Not just a thing: the poisoned rabbit. (Though, in fairness, rabbits turn into mere things when they die).
“Mary!” He tried to restrain her by grabbing her arm, but she was too quick.
Sherlock’s head swam. He felt weightless in John’s strong arms. He clung to his shoulders and John supported his weight effortlessly. The strength of John was surprising, devastating. He wanted to feel more.
Mycroft hesitated, then pointed towards an ambulance by the north side building entrance. He turned in the indicated direction and walked away from them.
“Ah, yes,” John smiled, “Doc Marten’s I bought in Edinburgh in 1992. It was a trip with some mates from Uni. We spent the weekend getting pissed. Acting like idiots. Trying to pull.”
John thrust up into his fist and backed into Sherlock’s face and fingers for only a few seconds before he was coming. Bracing against the wall with one hand was not enough to stop his forehead from connecting with the tile as his orgasm made his whole body buck and sway. He felt Sherlock stop and press his fingers down slightly, tongue continuing its wet circling. He shuddered, his cock pulsed again and again, while his arse clenched around Sherlock’s fingers as his tongue slowly and almost sweetly licked him through the aftershocks.
Sherlock realized his mistake. John was not gay. But he probably wasn’t straight either.
Sherlock and John turned and started walking for the exit. “Yes it is,” Sherlock sing-songed over his shoulder.
John was the best friend Sherlock ever had, he knew that. But that’s as far as it went.
“Nice place you picked here,” Billy grumbled.
“Tell me about Milan, did you like it?”
“I mean, you’re basically proportional for your height, lengthwise. So that’s not surprising, but your girth. It’s large, Sherlock.”
He raised his head and frowned. John sounded livid.
Sherlock moaned and sucked harder, feeling that Victor was close.
Without breaking their kiss, John pushed Sherlock’s dressing gown off of his shoulders. It fell soundlessly to the floor. Next he tugged at the string at his waistband, undoing the knot. Sherlock had started on John’s jeans, getting them unbuttoned and opened. John pushed Sherlock’s pajama trousers down, noting with delight that he wasn’t wearing pants. Sherlock kicked them off.
Sherlock was momentarily stunned. John wasn’t afraid of forever. It wasn’t too soon. Their thoughts were in sync, their feelings mutual, their hopes identical. What a wonderful feeling it was to love and be loved.
“Off you go, then.”
Sherlock tipped his head to one side, widened his eyes, and looked down sideways towards John’s lower half. The indication was clear and John blushed adorably.
He looked down at his still mostly hard cock leaking onto his belly. He looked at John, confused.
Mycroft was the most interesting person Greg had ever dated. He was more interesting than his pain-in-the-arse brother, even, which was quite something. He looked divine in a jumper and jeans. He smelled like expensive cologne and leather. He made the most delicious noises when…Greg groaned and scrubbed his hand across his forehead. He really needed to stop thinking about this.
“I’m not sure why you think you can say such hurtful things to me,” John said quietly.
I scoffed and tried not to roll my eyes. I’m not sure if I succeeded. John’s smirk told me I probably did not. “My brother likes to be involved in all aspects of my life. It’s tedious. Perhaps once upon a time I needed him.” I shuddered at the thought. “However, now I am established at Baker Street, with the work going well, and a new flatmate to boot.” I raised my glass and smiled at John. He smiled back and clinked our glasses together.
He looked around and saw John immediately. He was no longer skating. He was hanging out at the opposite end of the rink, smiling at a woman who was outside of the rink, both leaning on the railing so that he could see their profiles. The woman was looking up at John through her eyelashes, with a flirtatious smirk, cleavage fully exposed by her leaning position and deep V-neck black sweater. She was tall and slim with a smart blonde bob. Sherlock could see her perfect teeth as she threw back her head to laugh at something John had said. John was staring at her breasts just then, tongue wetting his lower lip, but he quickly looked back into her eyes as she lowered her chin to continue their conversation, or flirtation rather, from Sherlock’s perspective.
“All right. That sounds...that would be good. Yes.”
“Now tell me about yourself. I know you’re gorgeous and a fantastic kisser, but what else?”
Sherlock whipped his head towards the direction of the noise. He knew what it sounded like. He tentatively answered, “Gunshot?” They heard two more shots then nothing for several long minutes. Sherlock rose on wobbly legs and walked over to Victor. Victor took his hand and they moved to the corner of the room furthest from the door.
Mrs. Hudson’s look was soft and she reached across the space between us to hold my hand. That felt nice.
Sherlock was giggling now. John Watson made him laugh, and feel better, and he thought his heart would burst with pure admiration and adoration for this glorious, brave, kind man, who had chosen him.
“I needed to think about John and how to get along with him. How to make sure I don’t drive him away. It would be nice to have a…” I hesitated and finally settled on the word, “partner. We worked a case together last night and it was brilliant. He’s...brilliant.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Once he was done with the various parts of John, their erections were both flagging a little and John was swaying on his feet, blinking slowly.
“Sorry,” he muttered.
“Sherlock Holmes, for pity’s sake, I heard you the first time. Why can’t you just text me? Honestly, I don’t know why I put up with you.”
“Shut the fuck up,” the man roared. Sherlock rolled over. The man sat on his bum and swiped his arm with an alcohol wipe.
They ran towards the noise and into the shadows that would guide them out of the garage and to the other side of the building where they’d last left Lestrade’s officers. John’s heart sunk as he heard the sound of tires crunching on gravel moving farther and farther away.
“Please.”
“Well, you do.”
John’s things were finally downstairs. Sherlock’s not-imminently-necessary things were finally upstairs. It had taken two days because John had to examine every single one of his possessions before deciding what to do with it. John was ridiculously attached to terrible socks, overly-designed jumpers, and at least one pair of hideous shoes. Sherlock had won the argument about the socks, even John could admit that he’d been hanging on to a few pairs for a decade too long. But the shoes? Sherlock couldn’t convince John to get rid of anything from his ‘mod’ phase even though he was unlikely to wear it again. What had finally triggered Sherlock to outright refuse was a pair of brothel creepers made of turquoise suede, red stitching, and a transparent sole.
The first time she called me Papa, he cried.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and asked, "What do you want from me?"
Sherlock and Lestrade scrambled to the rooftop and stood on either side of the entrance listening.
"Be...cause...you don't kill.... do you?" he said between chokes.
A deeper, more feral growl came louder "Give me one reason why I shouldn't kill you right now?" squeezing even further.
Cereza loosened her grip slightly but held him still firm.
They heard a faint whistle through the crowd which they noticed that the two by the bar, their heads snapped up. A third person appeared with them, their back towards Sherlock and Lestrade. Sherlock got the awful feeling that he'd seen this silhouette before. Straining his eyes to see properly through the blinking lights, the person finally turned in profile and Sherlock was able to make out one word "Roof" before his eyes widened in horror.
Lestrade had texted me earlier and I informed him John and I would be around just after dark. I spent the day in my Mind Palace filing away important information and deleting others. The alarm on my phone went off an hour before John was set to arrive home, so I gathered my materials and went into the loo to attach the canine extenders. With a little bit of spirit gum and some wiggling into place, the extenders sat rather comfortably. As I checked them in the mirror, I imagine the fake teeth on John and suddenly I realized what the appeal had been. Why John acted the way he initially did.
“So, what’s the issue here?”
I heard him go up the stairs and settle on his bed, the floor creaking from the old frame. I waited about 10 minutes and silently made my way up the stairs to John’s bedroom. The whole house was dark, but I can easily navigate every inch of this building blindfolded. He left his door ajar and I tried to peer inside to see where he was. Only a small amount of moonlight was streaming into the room which landed on the bed where he was lying face down, under the covers. As quietly as possible I snuck into the room to the edge of his bed and lifted the covers and started to crawl underneath and on top of John. My hands caressed his calves as they worked up his thighs at which point I became keenly aware that my flatmate was quite naked underneath his blankets. My hands slowly made their way to his posterior, lightly touching first and then harder, scratching, touching, fondling until a small whimper came from pillows ahead. I moved my hands up his back and finally settled above him, straddling him with my legs. I breathed into his neck and spoke with wanton need “...John”.
We still solve crimes together, but we're not as young as we once were.
I got up and stretched from my seat at the kitchen table and walked with my mug of tea to sit opposite John in my chair.
Lestrade was dressed similarly to Sherlock. Gone was his normal suit & tie and occasional trench coat. He was now also in jeans, a short button-up shirt, and boots.
********
“What does he want?” Cereza asked.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt…” Lestrade stammered a little embarrassed, scratching the back of their head awkwardly.
“When do we meet the club owner?” he whispered into her ear.
Sherlock turned “I can understand Geoff and John, why me?”
We’re going to be hitting up Crimson Prism tonight. Sherlock thinks the next victim will be from there -JW
“I’ll be fine, John,” he whispered.
Comfort.
He looked up at me and pulled me into a kiss. I kissed him back.
"Hello my dear, good to see you again" he rasped.
“Sorry, he’s not for sale” she sighed.
Occasionally holding hands under the blanket while cuddled on the couch watching crap telly or one of his terrible Bond films.
"Isn't funny, even after all this time, we keep running into each other" he garbled. "If it's not us, it's one of our family. Seems we're destined to always be at odds with each other".
I didn't say anything.
“Sherlock, answer me”
“Did you? Must have slipped my mind…” she caressed Lestrade’s chest fondly.
“Yes, thank you”
We simply slept in the same bed.
Cereza rolled her eyes, but let him continue
The next day I decided it was time. Clearly, John had figured out my plan but still wanted to play along. He left for the surgery early in the morning and I knew he would back around sundown, perfect timing. I opened my package from Chompers and read the instructions.
“Perhaps a drink then…?” and he went to his satchel that he brought home from work and removed a blood bag to hand to me.
She squeezed him a little.
After a few deep pulls, she released him. His legs felt like jelly and fell to his knees. She smiled and placed her business card in his front coat pocket “Call me sometime” and then left without another word.
“Sentiment?” he whispered.
When Lestrade felt the teeth puncture his neck he was transported back to the time they met. He was a sergeant at the time working his way up to the inspector.
I scoffed at the offering and walked past him “Please John, I’ll get a
A few hours later, a little after sunset, Sherlock excused himself to his bedroom to go get changed for the undercover stakeout at the next nightclub. As Sherlock busied himself, John paced by the window, fiddling with his new phone. He decided to text Cereza to check-in.
Neither of them moved. John muttered “Lestrade”, pulling away and retreating into the loo.
“What exactly will we be looking for?” Lestrade asked.
I know he loves me.
“Did you want to be with him, always?”
“Friend of yours?” Sherlock asked.
Lestrade looked at him and rolled his eyes "not the first time with her, probably won't be the last time" and smiled a little.
Lestrade took out his phone and started to call for an ambulance, but she stopped him. Lestrade looked at her bewildered “You’ll die if you don’t get medical attention”.
Clearing his voice and adjusting his suit "Seems someone has gone rogue and started to turn and kill whomever they choose. I haven't been able to hunt them down myself. I heard London was experiencing something similar, so I thought why not pay Holmes a visit?"
He hugged me.
Lestrade immediately tried to smooth things over “Listen, John, I’m sorry I showed up like that...I didn’t mean” John raised his hand in askance to stop. “It's fine Greg, it's… all fine” he looked to Sherlock and gave him a small smile saying that everything was indeed, ok.
Ciri quirked an eyebrow “What do you want to know?” she said with a sigh, raking her gaze over Lestrade once more as he walked away.
His daughter asks about her mother sometimes.
“Wonderful!” she exclaimed, clapping her hands together “Let’s be off then”
I narrowed my eyes and bit hit him on the collarbone.
He can continue to write.
“John, I can smell him all over you”
"Tell me, have you had a string of new vamps popping up in your city, along with several bodies? Hmm? Yes? Well, the same is happening in Dublin. That's why I came here." She released him and took a step back.
“What do all men with power want? More power. How cliché... However, the two that you saw in the club are not the ones you’re looking for. They belong to an old friend of yours.”
He loves us both.
"Oi! Sherlock you got a package!" John called while he climbed the 17 steps up to our flat.
“Hmm? Oh yes of course, but mostly I was thinking how nice this is” I rested my cheek on his head.
“You’ll really shouldn’t show up unannounced Detective Inspector” smiling at them fully aware of the irony of her comment. She heard John puttering around in the loo and got up from the couch and knocked on the door.
blood is the most delicious, intoxicating ecstasy that you’ve ever tasted?”
“You're an idiot,” she said fondly.
*********
John looked up to meet his eyes and leaned in for a quick kiss “I know” he smiled. With Sherlock in hand, they left the flat making their way out to the black sedan waiting for them.
He chuckled weakly in return.
"So, you're looking to do what...put on some teeth and find a willing subject to experiment on?" he laughed
He rolled his eyes and shifted to be more comfortable, bringing his arm around to wrap around her waist.
you do, you git”
John walked over to Sherlock, crowding him up against the nearest wall, staring into his eyes. John caught his wrists and pinned them near his head. Sherlock gasped and arched into him. Just as John thought, that shirt rode up high on his stomach with his arms raised. With one hand strong enough to hold Sherlock’s wrists in place, his other hand now skimmed the pale flesh now revealed to him.
We do our best to be honest with her.
“That was...amazing” I could feel him smiling. “I didn’t imagine that right? That just happened? And your teeth and those eyes…I..just..wow” he nuzzled into me.
"Humor me. What do you know about vampires?" I turned towards him, crossing my legs and clasping my hands together.
"Can I see?" She asked.
Neither did he.
I had to bite the inside of my cheek to not laugh, and picked up my dinner ate everything on my plate.
I hugged him back.
I quickly tapped our goodbyes to Lestrade on my phone and we caught a cab home. I could feel the tension in the cab the whole drive home. I was staring out the window and idly tonguing one of my teeth as John tried not to stare and bounce his leg in (sexual) frustration. When we arrived, I exited the cab immediately making John have to pay, and quickly made my way into the building and up the stairs into our flat and into the loo. On my way through the flat, I quickly texted Mrs. Hudson to shut off the power for a few hours, I had told her in no uncertain terms my plan to seduce John and she was 100% on board. Entering the loo and locking it behind me, I opened the sink mirror and took out the contact lenses I had stashed away in a toothpaste box. I opened the flashlight app on my phone and opened the case.
“Moving closer to the bar” Sherlock slowly stalked off toward the suspects.
"Mmmhf" I agreed barely looking up from the microscope. I stretched my arm across the table and pocketed the small package.
have a military kink?” I leaned up to look in his eyes and he was laughing “I
Moriarty glanced at him "Oh my, now isn't this interesting" grinning widely. "I wasn't referring to you Sherlock dear, although we MUST discuss the death of my last living descendant, the word is; you were partly responsible for that".
He was smiling when he pushed a mug of tea near my hand.
"What's wrong," John asked as he took a bite out of his veal parmesan.
He hugged back.
“Sherlock?” he stirred me awake.
"See what?" I deflected.
"You've thought a lot about this, haven't you?" I smirked.
“Oi! That hurt!” and he tossed me off of him so we were both on our sides gazing at one another.
She entered to find John sitting on the edge of the bathtub with his head in his hands.
“Hmm?” I lazily kissed his neck.
“What happened?” She sighed and sat next to him, her arm coming around to wrap him close to her.
After his team eventually found him, he quickly had to come up with a convincing story about how his suspect ended up with a snapped neck. After a few days of recovery, he called the number on the card, with the woman showing up at his flat not a few moments later.
Looking back to Cereza "Darling, have you been naughty? Have you not told them who you are?"
No, of course not. Sherlock and Lestrade will be inside. I’ll be rooftop - JW
“Yes”
We can't lose each other.
Neither did I.
He stared back at me. "Oh...OH!.." he narrowed his eyes "...oh. Umm...well.." he cleared his throat  "Compared to other things that you've used me as a guinea pig before, I suppose this one... isn't....so bad. I...uhh..I'm going to go for a walk now" he got up and grabbed his coat and quickly walked out the door.
"How is this possible?" John breathed "You died 4 years ago"
“Yes”
He looked down embarrassed. She giggled.
John went over Sherlock taking his hand in his and rested his head on Sherlock’s chest. He could feel the warmth in him and his heartbeat calmed in. Sherlock brought his free hand to embrace John pulling him closer.
As Cereza attached a copy of the pin to Sherlock’s jacket, she leaned in and whispered “You take care of him Sherlock Holmes, or you’ll have me to answer to” and she leaned back and gave him a wink. John looked down and smiled hearing her warning. Finally, she approached John to attach his pin as well to the lapel of his suit jacket.
“Is this really necessary?”
Cereza strolled over to Lestrade and gave him an obvious up and down with her eyes. She attached a small bumblebee pin** to the lapel of his shirt and unbuttoned the top four of his buttons. “Maybe a little more column B for you, Detective Inspector” she teased, and he blushed.
He didn't say anything.
Good. I’ll swing by the flat in a few minutes. I’m also having your new clothes sent to Baker Street as well. Should be there sometime tomorrow - C
Ciri relaxed in the seat beside her. “He showed up about 2 months ago with a handful of them. I’ve noticed their number increased substantially over the last couple of weeks”
Good, this should buy me a little more time. Taking a deep breath, I opened my eye and put in the bright red contact lenses. I admit they were quite striking once I blinked them into place.
She pulled Lestrade into her lap and looked into his eyes. “C’mon Detective Inspector, I expect you to play along. Can’t have people thinking you’re a cop”.
“Yes”
On a quiet night at Baker Street, I played some soft music and asked him to dance.
She sees me as her second father now.
He smiled and took me into his arms.
“My family’s sigil, if someone from my world sees it, they’ll know you’re with me. It will open doors for you and in some cases, bar you from others. Only those whom I trust with my life are allowed to wear this pin”.
"Why are you here? she growled
It was a 30min drive to the nightclub in SoHo. As they exited the vehicle, Cereza took Lestrade and Sherlock on each of her arms to enter the club, while John took off to make his way to the roof. One look at the bouncer was all Cereza needed to give for them to gain entrance. The club was dark, with music pounding and lights and lasers pulsing over the crowd of patrons. There was a bar on each of the levels, 3 Sherlock noted. Cereza kept them close as they approached the employee guarding the entrance to the VIP lounge where the owner no doubt was.
“Oh my god,” Lestrade breathed and went over to the woman “Are you alright?”. She smiled at him “I will be if you help me” she stammered.
“Someone in London has been draining and killing. In fact, you have two that I don’t recognize in your club right now, did you know? Let me remind you that I own London. If these miscreants are allowed to roam the street, that's bad for business; both mine and yours. Who are they, and whom is their leader?”
"Diet and food acquisition" taking a sip of my tea. John always made the best tea. I smiled into my cup.
John asked about it and I merely brushed it off as a scratch from a bush I was running through the night before. The following days I complained about the sunlight and hid in my room during the daylight hours. During one of these evenings, I stopped by a costume shop to pick up some red contact lenses while John was working a night shift.
John moved to the sink and filled the kettle. "What's in the package?" he asked.
“When you say, friend…” Cereza continued.
"Well then.." clicking his tongue "...perhaps I've intruded enough this evening" reaching into his suit jacket he pulled out a business card and handed it over to Cereza "I'll be staying here the next couple days, mobile number's there as well."
“Well, I would have chosen Sherlock, but as you can imagine, I don’t John would like that very much”
“Well, as slippery as your mind is, I must ask you why you are here” She sat down beside Cereza “...and if you might be willing to share, you know for old times sake” gesturing to Lestrade.
A slight breeze ran through the flat and Cereza appeared lounging on the couch.
On the rooftop stood the specter of James Moriarty. The hair and jawline differed, but the same dead shark eyes and cheshire grin remained. John didn't move. He couldn't look away.
He never dated again. Never went out looking for companionship.
“I hope you mean escorts as in protection and not whore, right?” Lestrade mocked.
John growled into his neck and muttered something that sounded exactly like the word “Mine”.
**Dogma; a 1999 American fantasy comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith.
"What?" he asked.
Ciri smiled like the cat caught the canary.
“Kissed, and little more, yeah?” she offered.
Nothing is more important now, not even the Work.
"Something from a company called... Chompers?" he appeared at the threshold of the kitchen and strode over to the table leaving the small package beside me.
of vampire they could either eat from humans or animals; blood being their main and only source of sustenance. The best source would from either the jugular or femoral artery. A lot of books or tv shows/movies have the vampire in question bite and then suck out the blood while their teeth are still buried in the victim’s flesh, but from an efficiency standpoint, that doesn't make sense. It would make more sense to bite down and either twist or rake across the wound to open it more and then remove the teeth and suck the blood out"
We touched more. Hugged more.
“Absolutely” she smiled and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. “She’s coming”.
“Ready to rejoin the party? She asked, fixing his hair and then pulling him up onto his feet.
I hope you don’t intend to enter yourself - C
On cases away from the flat and there was only 1 bed; he didn't complain.
"It seems we have a common enemy, my dear. I simply came to chat" bringing his hands up in surrender.
For the remainder of the hour, I practiced with my new teeth, mostly biting into apples and trying to speak without hints of lisp. I didn’t want to show my hand too quickly. John arrived home at 7 pm and quickly told him to go change as Lestrade wanted us at a crime scene; double murder. He smiled and went up to his room to change. When he came back down a few minutes later, I saw him subtly assess me as he turned his head to the side and said “Somethings different” and then narrowed his eyes at me.
Lestrade nodded and turned to Cereza “So, what’s the game plan then?”
I opened my mouth and ran my tongue along a canine and swooped down to his neck. He pressed up against me, desperate for friction. I lapped at his pulse point taking small nips here and there at his neck and jawline.
“A little from column A, a little from column B” she smiled gesturing with her hands in the air.
“Once we’re inside we’ll make our way up to the balcony area where the club owner is”
I rested my forehead to his and we looked into each other's eyes.
"That's.... not possible"                 "No, you're dead"                          "Moriarty"
When she met his gaze she simply continued with “Obviously”.
"Can you tell what they're talking about?" Lestrade said.
"The teeth. I mean when you put them in. Assuming that's what the intended purpose was..." he took a sip of his tea, still smiling. I didn't understand why this amused him so.
"Why does this intrigue you so?" I cocked my head and surprisingly he started to blush; but why? He looked away and rubbed the back of his neck, stumbling on his next words "I...uh...well… I’m not sure...forget it" and he left the kitchen to go sit in his chair by the fireplace.
Serenity.
"I can only make out a few words here and there based on their lip movement, nothing of consequence".
Sherlock scanned the crowd and noted all the entrances and exits. The killer would most likely be taking their victim out a side door into the alley. As he scanned the crowd he was startled to see two sets of eyes reflected back at him, the same as Cereza’s had when dropping off John’s letter. He spoke into his mic hidden in his jacket and relayed the information.
“So, how do I look?” came Sherlock’s voice entering the living room. John turned and he gaped at what he saw. Sherlock was no longer in his standard suit attire. He was wearing a tight black v-neck shirt that barely brushed the top of his low riding jeans, chucks, and a leather jacket; his hair artfully tousled.
“Friend is it? I distinctly remember telling you never to show your beautiful face in my club again?”
“Sherlock, what’s going on?” He quickly spoke into his mic.
Safety.
"Explain... quickly" still holding him.
, John. It's for a case." I mumbled
“Keep an eye on them,” Cereza answered.
“She’s already here. One floor up, making her way down here” Her hands going up to his neck “I’m going to need you to relax Lestrade, I’ll need to make a show for Ciri. Do I have your consent to bite you?”
I love her.
"Yes, one of Lestrade cold cases from a number of years back. Had strange bite marks all over the body, wasn't from an animal, definitely human, just with what seemed to be extended canines".
Pulling away from Lestrade, she smiled  “Good evening Ciri, how are you, my friend?”
I cried later, alone in my room.
“Would you do anything to protect him?”
“Not exactly…” She trailed off “.. it’s not important” waving her hands to dismiss the remainder of what was left unsaid. “I’ll have a polite conversation with the owner while you two scope the place out”.
(See the end of the chapter for
He saw me look at his hands that day...
He sighed “Yeah, yeah I am” and smiled at her.
I was enough for him.
“Then why are you surprised that the one person in the world whom you love, want to protect and be with the most - that
Plans were beginning to form in my mind. I chuckled to myself.
“You’re hungry?” He said stepping closer.
Thanks. See you soon - JW
If we woke up in each other's arms, we'd smile.
“Well, well, well” a voice appeared in front of them “New toy, Cereza? You did always have good...taste”. A woman in her early thirties appeared, dressed in a low-cut, skin-tight, black lace dress. One side of her head was shaved, the other in braids.
“It’s me,” she said and the door unlocked.
“...well, when you put it like that, I guess”
