When things finally resolved between them, it wasn’t the way John had imagined it. He had many possible scenarios, with every permutation of actions, charted out in his head. He’d discarded half of those when his own (sort of) declaration did not produce disgust or contempt in Sherlock. Those remaining ran the gamut from falling into bed together during a post-case high to impassioned declarations of love to sweet kisses after looking at each other just a little to long. Sherlock’s reactions ran from dramatic to shy to happy to even annoyed (just because he fell prey to a weak emotion like love didn’t mean he had to like it).
Sherlock quirked his mouth as he studied his bow far too closely. “I need to think about
Sherlock’s face hardened. “Alone protects me.”
of TBT.
The morning of the first of November, they stood on the edge of Boulder Field in a copse of trees that shielded them from sight. A cold, lonely wind whipped through the trees, rustling fallen leaves and biting at edges of coat sleeves and the tops of collars. Eurus carried a bag filled with ground-up chalk and powdered blood (blood meal from a gardening shop, to be more precise) and the cheat sheet she’d made for symbol substitutions. Sherlock was armed with his violin and composition sheets, though he had the whole thing memorized. John had a pistol (issued by some mysterious lackey of Mycroft’s), a bullhorn, and a brain scrambling to come up with distraction techniques. They’d had a vague idea of what would a occur during the ceremony, but having never faced the Order before, they didn’t know what opposition they’d meet.
“You’re intelligent—a genius in fact—you could have done anything: chemistry, physics, hell, you could have been a PI. What made you choose a field where you don’t believe any of the stories are true?”
Well, it wasn’t exactly a heart-warming moment, but it was better than about half the things Sherlock had said to him since they met. And in its own Sherlockian way, it was praise, if one squinted just right. John decided to take it for a compliment and move on.
“Not exactly. The first was a boy named Bobby. It was taken almost thirty years ago in Pennsylvania. The second was from three years ago in San Francisco. The groom’s name is Robert Torres.”
As one, the three of them turned to the field. The children were being led to form a large circle around the stand of boulders.
ruined the ending for him), turned out his light, and settled in to sleep. He’d reached the stage where he got fuzzy and floaty, where half the time he ended up jerking himself awake again. Tonight, though, it wasn’t his own traitorous body that jolted him back to reality, but a creak on the stairs. He stifled a groan and readied himself for whatever case or mad idea Sherlock had to execute right at that moment, rather than waiting for morning. He didn’t rise, though, resolving that if Sherlock
“Whatever it is, it was there when he was five, and again when he was thirty-two,” Sherlock confirmed.
“What?”
“Oh?” He narrowed his eyes. “Anything else?”
“Yes.”
John would’ve written the excursion off as meditation by a composer trying to write—he’d seen Sherlock do some pretty odd things when composing after all—except that the flatmate mentioned the field was a local gathering place for witches. The man put John in touch with a professor at the University of Bath, where Black had attended.
“Sammy too?”
His friend studied him, and John let him. He needed Sherlock to see how serious he was. “Need?” he finally asked.
draw symbols that teleport him to another place so that he can kill people. It’s a case of two ill individuals in a feedback loop.”
She shook her head. “I’m actually with Sherlock on this one. I don’t see the connection.”
Sherlock joined John in his bed around midnight for each of the next five nights. Each night they calmed each other’s nightmares, and each morning they gave only reports on those events, never mentioning Sherlock’s relocation. They learned that John wasn’t the only sleepwalker, and Eurus told them that Sherlock had suffered from somnambulism during childhood as well.
Sherlock froze. “Where did you hear that?”
“Out. I’ll be late.” He hurried down the stairs.
“He was my friend. He disappeared. It was unfortunate, it upset me, but it has nothing to do with the paranormal.” Sherlock rose from his stool and exited through the kitchen door.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and stood up, pulling John with him. “You’ll have to use voice-to-text for your next few posts.” He stroked John’s splinted wrist.
“Really, John?” Simon’s tone made him sound eerily similar to Sherlock again. John wondered if that was natural or an affectation to throw him off. “For the demons, of course. They’ve been locked in a hell dimension for millennia. They want to come back through, rule the earth again.”
“Shit,” John muttered. “Purposeful?”
“And she’s an adult, capable of choosing what situations to place herself in. If she wants to come and help, that’s her decision.” John tried to give his sternest frown.
“What do you think they were, the men?”
“It’s not a completely surprising end. The band was known for having altercations with the religious right, who claimed they promoted Satanism and/or occultism. There was a rumor they had sacrificed a cat on stage at a concert.”
His own time spent with Rosie started out educational, with Sherlock insisting that a genius and a rather intelligent doctor (“Thanks, Sherlock”) must have produced a very bright, if not gifted, child. Those soon devolved into playdates, with Sherlock whisking Rosie away as soon as they’d arrived at Mrs. Hudson’s for tea. John would arrive upstairs an hour later to a giggling Sherlock and Rosie, or a napping Sherlock and Rosie, or a violin-playing Sherlock and a dancing Rosie.
“Sherlock,” he began softly, but was shoved out of the booth before he could continue.
John hummed, looking around the room more closely. With the sofa, fireplace, and attached kitchen, it wasn’t likely an office, or at least not only an office. And Mrs. Hudson said she was a landlady. Apparently, Sherlock’s flat doubled as his workspace. John’s eye was caught by the filing cabinet Sherlock had glanced at when John asked about unsolved cases. He stood and made his way over, glancing to make sure Mrs. Hudson was busy before pulling open the middle drawer.
“Yes.”
“Going to make tea.” He stood and stretched.
“Where were you stationed, Afghanistan or Iraq? You’re a war correspondent, obvious from your hands, face, and pockets. Could be any of the smaller countries with their civil wars, but you’re tanned, so somewhere sunny. You were injured, so somewhere dangerous. You’ve got a psychosomatic limp and probably some PTSD as well. It could be somewhere in Africa, but the pendant around your neck suggests Middle East. Where are the most likely places in the Middle East to find a war correspondent? Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Yet another dead end. John seemed to hit a lot of those these days, and he was surprised Sherlock had as few scarlet files as he did. The whole flat should be bursting with them.
Hope makes John’s heart beat in double time. Even though Sherlock may not have realized John’s overnight stays are an experiment, he’s been gathering evidence as well. He’s had three months to decide whether he could live with a father and daughter full-time in his home, and he’s apparently decided he can.
It’s just like with the wedding. Sherlock feels responsible, for some reason, for making sure John has the best, that Sherlock expends every iota of energy making sure everything is done to perfection. In his more optimistic moments, John hopes that it’s because Sherlock is trying to prove his worth as a mate or, at the very least, pouring every ounce of love into the person he cares for most. When he’s feeling a bit more jaded, he’s certain that Sherlock just doesn’t understand how to be a best friend, so he’s read up on the how-tos of friendship and has decided to follow them all, and as a perfectionist, do the job far better than any other human ever has done. And, when John is really down in the dumps, he thinks Sherlock just feels guilty and is trying to make up for it. Really, the reasoning doesn’t matter. All three possibilities are proof that Sherlock loves, in his own way, and John can’t be upset over that.
This week’s case comes from episodes
John laughed. Even with all of Sherlock’s more frustrating foibles, living with him was proving to be fun.
John smiled, both at the music and the memory of Eurus covered in mud the whole train ride home. She’d landed in a puddle when she’d been tackled. All three of them had looked roughed up, and he still wasn’t sure how they were allowed to get on the train, but Eurus had definitely been the dirtiest. They’d stopped at A&E in Bath to get John’s wrist splinted and his head looked at for a concussion, and she’d cleaned up a little there, but she hadn’t been able to do much about her dirty clothes. She’d bought a plastic poncho so she could at least avoid getting the train seat dirty.
“Mhmm,” Sherlock confirmed distractedly.
“I didn’t have a nightmare last night. First time in ages. It’s nice to be rested up for once.” He passed the jam jar to Sherlock and accepted the teapot from Sherlock in turn.
John checked his phone and noticed a missed call. “Kidnapping?”
Unable to keep his back to Sherlock, but not wanting to alarm him by
“Simon did it himself. He confessed to it, actually.”
There’s a tiny gasp, and then “Would it help with Rosie’s need for a room?” Tiny puffs of air on his cheek.
“What friend?” John asked.
John made sure he was recording the call. “Robert, can you explain in more depth the events that led you to get in touch with Sherlock? Um, Mr. Holmes?”
“Look at his face.”
John relaxed at the words. He was beginning to be able to tell when Sherlock was truthful with his words and emotions and when he was playing someone. He seemed genuine this time. And it wasn’t as if John was unable to relate.
Sherlock sighed. “Will you be happy if I research it?”
“John?”
“True,” she conceded, but her brow furrowed. “That tempo, though. And the key. It’s not … there’s something about it.” She rubbed a hand on her chin in thought.
John nodded. “You have a point.”
“There’s a countdown clock, Sher.” Eurus’ voice was wobbly and quiet, but she still managed to command the room.
“What?” Sherlock startled a bit. “Oh, yes.” He sounded a little off, and John glanced at him to see his cheeks were tinged with pink. Odd. Was he that annoyed about the video?
“When did you last see him?”
He’d almost walked out when Mike pitched the column at that first meeting. It was to be a weekly series, each post focusing on a different interesting job or lifestyle. It was work for a first-time journalist, not a seasoned war vet. But … he really needed the money, and he figured he’d do a few posts until he could find something meatier to write about. He’d make it work.
“It didn’t take me long moving in paranormal circles to grow tired of the ersatz drama that surrounds the field,” Sherlock explained, hands curled around his mug, eyes trained on the folder. “Most cases were also far too easy to figure out. There were obvious signs, if you knew where to look. When my grandmother died and left me a sizeable inheritance …”
Of course he was keeping apprised of John’s research. Lazy arse just didn’t want to do the boring bits. John rolled his eyes but joined in the pleading.
Trent hesitated but then acquiesced. He pulled a notebook out of his desk. John stepped up to Sherlock’s side as he began flipping through the pages. They were the usual teenaged boy subjects—cars, robots, animals—for the first few pages. But then they hit a page covered with the same numbers and symbols from the walls.”
Then there are the more practical issues. John and Rosie sharing a room is fine a couple nights a week, especially while Rosie is still so young. If they moved back, for good, they’d need more space. Space that the flat doesn’t have. So really, even if there was no worry of anyone feeling stifled, it still wouldn’t work. 221B Baker Street just isn’t enough for two men and a child. Even though nowhere has felt like home to John since he was a kid. Chiswick included.
“Hey, she just wants to help.”
“I told you, Mrs. Hudson is giving me a discount.”
“These symbols are very specific. Someone's knowledge of ancient Sumerian, and this type of script in particular, is fairly comprehensive. It's clear that whoever drew them has more than surficial knowledge of sacred geometry and ancient occultism.”
Robert apparently thought so as well. “Yeah, you should be. The other paranormal investigators called it evil, said it was a malevolent spirit. Whatever it was, you told me you'd prove that they were just shadows, that there was nothing to be afraid of.”
“Okay, yeah, I heard you. I just, just can’t believe it. You have a sister you never told me about?”
“Just this once. I’m his landlady, not his assistant, but Lord knows he doesn’t have the manners to offer you a cup himself.”
“Simon Reese wants to meet with us,” John stated as he scanned their inbox looking for cases.
Sherlock shrugged. “They want you to look into Glushka or the Order, I reckon. Or Marie. Who knows.” He stood up. “Now, let’s go to the pub. I want shepherd’s pie.”
“But he said not to.”
“Oh. I don’t recall any writers called Eurus.”
There wasn’t much he could do for the moment though. Just keep investigating, as he always did.
“Sherlock, it’s the same face. Exact same as Simon’s, Trent’s, and Sammy’s wall drawings. You
“Good morning, Sherlock.”
In which we learn about a mysterious sound that causes death within a year of hearing it ...
His life has been a mess for too long too, since Sherlock died and took that life right out of John. That’s where it went wrong, John thinks. If Sherlock had trusted him, had believed John could be more than a pawn in a psychopath’s game, things would have ended differently. But the past is the past, and John is sick of living in it. They are different men now—Sherlock is loving and emotional, John is a father, part-time GP, and part-time whatever to Sherlock. And he’s tired. So tired.
It was Simon, waving for them to follow. They trekked a short distance through the trees until they reached a cave entrance. John and Sherlock stopped, glancing at each other.
John whistled lowly. “Just over ten percent?”
We’ve moved beyond creepy now. It’s no longer teenagers writing things on their walls and claiming to teleport. It’s not a mysterious order of monks who refuse to talk about their beliefs. Now, the shit is real, and it’s scary. This isn’t the first kidnapping Sherlock has investigated, but it’s the first where we knew the child beforehand, and the first Sherlock couldn’t figure out. Don’t worry, the child is safe, but we still don’t know who took him or why.
“I wouldn’t have offered if I wasn’t.”
“Demean what you do. You've never been the most luminous of people, but as a conductor of light, you are … rather good.”
Another laugh. “God, John, the subtext in your blog is practically text. You barely need to read between the lines to know things are not going well. Your last two posts were badly written jumbles. You’ve lost your edge.”
“Moaning about his impending doom, I reckon.”
. How could there be no trail?” It made no sense. Sherlock was the man you went to when all other trails went cold. There was no way he couldn’t figure it out.
The door squeaked as it opened, though there was no usual accompanying bang of the door being shoved against the wall. Instead, it squeaked closed again, and there was quiet shuffling as Sherlock’s feet crept across the floor. The covers pulled away, the other side of the mattress dipped, and Sherlock sighed as he slid into bed.
“He never specifically mentioned the reward,” said Sherlock as he closed the laptop lid. “Just said he’d heard of me from a recent write-up concerning the reward, and he thought I might be able to help him figure out what was happening.”
“So we’ve got the face from Sammy’s room, the numbers from Simon’s room, pentagrams from both, and some new symbols and numbers. They
I’ve pulled the first scarlet file case and some of the dialogue from The Black Tapes podcast transcript from episodes
“Then the Order finds another Chosen One, and the world ends on the first of November.”
Seeing the two mugs, Sherlock scowled and sat as well. “I’ll go back to my room if all you’re going to do is extoll her many virtues.”
“Well, if he was meant to be your Watcher, he would’ve known about it already, perhaps encourage it, if it was part of–”
“No. Mother was an only child, and Dad’s only sibling had no children. We’re the last of the lot,” Eurus explained cheerfully. She crossed her arms on the table and leaned forward. “So. Dish.”
Sherlock Holmes on a case is a sight to behold. His quick mind catches everything of import in the room, and not a single lie is safe. He’s cutting and intelligent, quick and blunt. His eyes glitter, and his ridiculous coat swirls dramatically. Like I said, a sight to behold. Sherlock Holmes without a case, however, is a right tosser. What does this have to do with the Unsound case I promised you last week? Well, it turns out life as a paranormal investigator is fairly busy. At least, it is for the renowned Sherlock Holmes. So it wasn’t until we had a slow day that I was able to convince him to tell me about this case.
“Apophenia?”
“Little easier to hide the bodies out here in the woods, though,” John said.
“Mr. Holmes. Mr. Watson.”
“Oh, but you know the filing system much better than I do. Just the one,” Holmes called back before continuing up.
John felt his eyes widen. “Interesting choice of words.”
In which spooky things happen around kids.
Sherlock leaned over John’s shoulder to take control of the computer and zoom in on the first photo. John concentrated on the idea of a blood-soaked and scary symbol-covered wall to keep his traitorous body from reacting.
She winked at him. “You love me.” Then she turned to Sherlock, who froze, affrighted. She softened her gaze. “Please, Sher. Just once. Just in case.” Her voice broke on the final word.
“Oh.”
“What about the sacrifice? The children?” John’s skin crawled just thinking about the possibility.
“Why do you think you could see them? Most kids can’t.”
Sherlock lowered his cup, soft expression hardening as he studied John. “Why.”
“What’s mutual?” John stared at Sherlock, whose face was set in hard lines, mutinous. What the hell was this about?
John pulled out a DVD sleeve from the folder and handed it over. Sherlock inserted the disc, labeled “Torres,” and waited for the media viewer to open. “A good portion of the media I receive are in VHS and Super 8 formats. But rather than haul out a projector every time I need to review something, I have the contents transferred to a DVD,” he explained as the video opened.
Robert nodded. “She heard things too. Voices when nobody was home. Sometimes she would lose time, an hour here or there. It was her that decided to call the priest and eventually the paranormal investigators.” He sighed and rubbed his eyes. “She was reasonable about the whole thing at first. Pragmatic. She treated it like a cockroach infestation, or termites. But that didn't last. And pretty soon, she was … acting different. Crazy. She became
Simon shrugged nonchalantly. “Go on. Ask.”
“Five? Six? Seven?”
“A monastery in Bulgaria, run by the Order of the Cenophus. They were an order who broke away from the Benedictines in the sixteenth century. The Ivan that Marie refers to is a brother who jumped off one of the towers there in the sixteenth century. There’s a local nursery rhyme that mentions it: ‘Ivan thinks he can fly to God, but the Devil has him by the ankles. The pale robes still shake their heads.’ It refers to the idea that Ivan sold his soul to the devil.” Sherlock shook his head in annoyance. “I should have recognized this earlier. The monastery is known for being very secretive and isolated. The only time an outsider was let in was 1983. Marie Simone. There was also a related video going around in the nineties, I receive an email of it every year or so …” He stood and moved over to his computer to queue it up.
Sherlock frowned in earnest confusion. “What makes you say that?”
“Yeah, I don’t know the details, but she had to have something to do with it. She watched us so carefully, when she was around at least. She would be gone for weeks at a time on ‘business trips,’ but when she was home, her focus was on me and Sherlock. Well, for a while. When I was about ten, she stopped paying attention to me. She was angry when he let her know he wanted to go away to uni, but she finally acquiesced when Victor talked her into it.” She frowned at the mention of Sherlock’s friend.
Sherlock hummed. “Anyway, before he died, Wendt became obsessed with the Unsound.”
John turned toward the half-familiar voice, already dreading the conversation with whomever it was—the shock at his changed appearance, the pity at his new lot in life, the stilted goodbyes after they’d ground out small talk. He was still trying to place the vaguely familiar, round, cheery face when the man in front of him took the work out of his hands.
“We haven’t a case on.”
“Trent?”
“You knew I was coming. I’m sure you looked me up.” He was interrupted from saying more by a beep from his phone. He pulled it from his pocket. Seeing it was a badly misspelled message from Harry, he put it away again. He looked up to see Holmes staring at him, fingers steepled in front of his mouth. Before John could ask, he spoke up.
Sherlock hummed but otherwise stayed quiet.
“I was trying to help, you know.”
“Hello, Eurus. You’re looking well. In town for a workshop, are we? Lovely to see you. What. Are. You. Doing. Here?” He tried to spin back to the window, but John caught his elbow.
“You see the leaving. I see the coming back.” It’s not necessarily an admission, but he’s laying more cards on the table than he has up to this point.
“And.”
Perhaps it is nothing. Perhaps it’s apophenia after all. But I’m going to keep researching. I think I’ll find something eventually. Some way to tie things together. No, I’m not smarter than Sherlock Holmes. But I do see things differently than he does. He’s said before that my way of thinking helps him see things he didn’t see before. Perhaps I can do that again. We’ll see.
Sherlock stood in the doorway to the flat, frowning at the drawer rather than at John. Interesting. Before John could ask about the files further, a man walked in through the kitchen door.
“Not your housekeeper, dear!” she volleyed back as she wiped down the worktop in the kitchen. John fought a grin.
“They're not out there anymore.”
“Not that I’m not a fan of falling leaves and fireplaces, but why did you have the window open to begin with? It’s October.”
Sadly, if you’re reading this, I won’t be back next week with a new file. But even in death, I remain your intrepid journalist—or blogger, or whatever I am now—John Watson.
“I admit it’s … tenuous. And perhaps it’s like Sherlock said, and I’m just seeing connections because I’m looking at all of these things at once. All of these paranormal stories being dumped on me is making me join up dots that don’t belong in the same picture.” He shrugged. “Monks are involved in both? Probably. And Percival Black was maybe sneaking out at night to do rituals in a cave with drawings similar to things we’ve seen around all the other—what are they called—Chosen children? And he’s the one possibly researching music to combat the Unsound.”
But this is different. For instance, I recently learned about a monk who supposedly made a deal with the devil to help him create an illuminated bible, then a week later I’m learning about a composer who wrote music about Faustian bargains. Okay, that seems a little thin now that I write it. Faustian bargains are a popular theme in music and literature—yes, Sherlock, I listened to you—but that’s just one example. This has been happening constantly since I started researching the paranormal.
Sherlock nodded, looking out the window to the blazing building. “There’s a spare room upstairs. You know I’m a workaholic and a bit untidy. My being an arrogant dickhead hasn’t scared you away yet, nor has my brother’s interfering. So … I’m offering.”
“There’s nothing we need help with.”
“We didn’t need his help, John. We won. We beat the bad guy.”
“Could we speak with Sammy now?” he continued, and Maria , surprisingly, agreed.
Sherlock gave a single nod. “I was getting close anyway when he sent me another message. We’re going to meet later this morning.”
Sherlock frowned as he applied jam to his toast. “You had two nightmare events last night. You were talking about demons and clocks, and then you tried to climb out of bed. It took me three minutes and twelve seconds to calm you the first time and twenty-eight seconds the second time.”
John smiled at him. “Only when we’re in hour thirty-six of an investigation, and I’ve been awake for all of them.”
The longer they talked, the more exhausted Robert looked. Like just reliving it took another five years of his life. John couldn’t even imagine dealing with all of this, even if it had a reasonable explanation. The not knowing would drive him mad.
“It looks like a normal party,” John said. “What’s paranormal about that?”
Holmes perked up. “What did you think?”
“We both were,” Sherlock added quietly.
John turned to face Sherlock. “So you think, from their perspective, that they think this is real, right? They’re not faking it on purpose. It’s just an amazing set of coincidences that happened to surround one family?” John believed in coincidence, but that was a lot of them stacked up on top of each other.
“Sherlock! Whether people are summoning demons or not does not stop the fact that–”
“I thought you already knew what they were doing.” John’s eyes followed Sherlock, who was typing something on his phone. The circumstances weren’t the best, but he loved watching Sherlock work, no matter what. He was incandescent.
“More symbols,” he explained simply. He scrolled down to the photos attached to the email. The first showed the bloody wall again, but the ones after that were of the wall wiped clean. Well, not clean, but free of the blood. In what must be permanent marker, the wall was marked up with the same numbers and symbols he was getting very tired of seeing. Different configurations than from their previous cases, but lots of numbers and glyphs.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes. I spent hours running it through different audio analysis programs. I’ll listen to it with you again, and then show you my research.”
Seriously? This man saw so much but didn’t think what he did was all that great? Or had no one ever told him so before?
you stop him? I don’t like it.” If the boy was lying, he was damned good at it. He looked genuinely frightened—eyes wide, fingers worrying cuticles.
Sherlock’s frown grew. “You’re more than that, John.”
“Sherlock could have–”
John was the one to break the silence, one night as they sat in their chairs, drinking a ginger cherry herbal tisane he’d picked up when he realized their insomnia would persist. There was only so much chamomile a sane person could drink. Sherlock appreciated the change, if the way he held his cup up to his nose, just breathing in the bright scent, was anything to go by. He looked so soft and open, as he usually was during their late-night moments. His usual harsh mask was gone, and it was just Sherlock and John, two friends sharing a quiet moment.
“Yes.”
“He’s unhinged. Nothing he does makes sense.”
John is tired. Rosie has been crying for hours—teething again—but that’s just the straw the breaks the camel’s back. In truth, John has been tired for months, since the aquarium, no, since his lying wife shot his best friend—she, pregnant and unapologetic, he, being the helpful and loving person John hadn’t realized for too long that he was.
John nods. “If you don’t mi–”
It hits John then, the reason for Sherlock’s confusion. Except for the first time John had brought Rosie over after Sherlock expressed interest in seeing her, and his visit the week ago, every time they’ve come has been for a reason. Sometimes it is just a chance for the three of them to hang out, but those have always been scheduled in advance. John doesn’t just show up, out of the blue, unless he needs Sherlock for a reason. Of course, in John’s mind, needing Sherlock is reason enough. He misses his friend, and so he comes. That’s not exactly something he can admit to, them being middle-aged (well, not quite, but close enough) British men, so he just shrugs.
“It was Mycroft,” Eurus said. “He’s got his own eldritch things to worry about, so he asked me to come.” She sat on the coffee table.
“To your web of conspiracy?” Sherlock asked drily as he took a bite of his sandwich.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “If there’s a note, then the killer is obviously not a ghost, and therefore this case is outside my purview.”
“Hey, Wolfgang. What did you find?”
It’s … more than he’d ever dreamed of. Mary had been her mother, and she’d never been cold or unfeeling toward Rosie, but she’d never been as vivacious with her daughter as Sherlock is towards his goddaughter. And John doesn’t blame Mary for her behavior. The first few months after birth are hard on a new parent. They’d both been exhausted most of the time. And Mary had worries about her past catching up with her on top of that. So maybe, given time, Mary would have shown as much joie de vivre in having Rosie around as Sherlock shows. Or maybe, this is something only a part-time uncle-like figure could feel for a child. He can give her back at the end of the day, after all. John certainly spends most of his time feeling like he’s been hit by a wrecking ball, no matter how much love and pride he feels for his daughter. Really, it’s apples to oranges and completely unfair to force a comparison.
“Because you live with my sweet brother, and I’m tired of getting my dirt from Mycroft.”
“Before written history,” Simon explained. “All those oral stories handed down through different religions, talk of floods and fiery hail. Not completely off their mark.”
that there were demons in our house. She would chant and burn sage. I honestly thought she was gonna have a nervous breakdown.”
“That's okay. Because you can see him too.” Sammy’s eyes seemed to be looking at Sherlock, but it was hard to tell with laptop cameras.
“Oh god,” Wolfgang murmured. He turned the camera to a wall painted black. But then he turned on the light.
“A one-to-one substitution?” Sherlock asked, scanning the notes in the folder.
The ride to John’s flat was quiet, but not as strained as the end of their meal, John having had time to calm down. Sherlock had made some good points, even if he was an arsehole when explaining them to others. Hell. He’d called John an idiot during that serial killer case, and that was only hours after they’d met. He was learning to shrug off these anti-social behaviors, especially given how much excitement Sherlock offered in exchange.
At John’s words, Sherlock looked up from the book he was reading. It was a few days after Wolfgang had found the housekeeper hanging from her ceiling, and they were relaxing in their respective chairs.
“Sherlock. What happened on the fifth of October 2001 that involved you and Victor?”
He nodded, and Sherlock continued snapping pictures. Sherlock asked a few more questions, then they went back to talk to Simon, who had finished his therapy session.
“We’re adults now, John. There is no mystery. And it’s time everyone else realized that.” Sherlock sipped his tea.
John tensed. “What?” There’s no way Holmes could know about Harry. Plus, he’d got the gender wrong.
“Then I’m Robert.”
Sherlock nodded primly.
“Oh, God. Yes.”
“Yes.”
“He was a selective mute before the murders, and a complete mute after, so they had a hard time getting his side of the story. But from what they gathered, he claims he was both in the room and
“Must we?” Sherlock gave her a longsuffering look. “Shouldn’t you be heading back to Glasgow soon?”
Simon shrugged. “Needs must. There are many people who want me—and you, Mr. Holmes—very badly.”
thought at Sherlock before the world went bright white, then black.
Sherlock rubs his fingers over his eyebrows and sighs. “No, that’s not– I just–” He sighs again. His arm drops back down, and he looks at John. “You keep leaving.”
“They’re not being frightened to death. They’re victims of a serial killer.” Sherlock pranced about the room, picking up and putting down papers and folders.
“Why do you want to interview me? Are you interested in my process, or do you just want to know about the reward?” His voice went mocking at the end.
“What about the Unsound?” he asked, wracking his brain for other things she could look into. Best to get her brain focused on things that weren’t him.
“Oh, God, you
No, smartarse, it wasn’t ghosts. It was a man: one Mr Sherlock Holmes, paranormal investigator. Or, should I say, paranormal debunker. In every interview, his name popped up. Said scathingly or with annoyed but weary acceptance, the name intrigued me. I asked why he was mentioned in seemingly every conversation I’d had during two weeks of interviews. His attitude has apparently earned him no mates or even colleagues. He is more than rude or cold. He shoots down every notion that the paranormal could be real. He debunks every unexplained happening, every haunting. If there is so much as a mysterious door twitch reported, he’s on it, offering scientific explanations for every occurrence.
Sherlock tossed his head. “Of course I do. It was touted as a children’s science show back when we were young. The new ones have leaned hard into the drama, though. Not nearly so exciting.”
Sherlock shook his head. “Just people twisting facts to fit the myth.”
“What?” John felt his eyes go wide. Sherlock was actually admitting something was connected. “How? What is it?”
“So you’re saying Victor has nothing—absolutely
John, being Sherlock’s new “team,” spent the morning organizing the lounge-cum-office so that it was both livable and functional as a work space. Folders were alphabetized and placed in their correct cabinets, equipment was neatly lined up with cords placed tidily behind them on a table next to the sofa. Boxes of VHS and Super 8 footage were stacked against the wall, no longer tripping hazards. It was a morning well spent, despite Sherlock complaining that he hadn’t hired John to “mess up my perfect filing system.” John had ignored him.
Sherlock steepled his hands in front of his mouth. “’I like your drawings,’ but ‘I don’t like it when you pray.’ Let me guess, you only pray here in your room?”
“What about Maria?” he said, bringing Robert’s wife into the tale.
John took the opportunity of Sherlock taking a wobbly breath to slip in his reassurance. “Always.”
“Knew things?”
friends. And John was happier than he’d been in ages. Between the scarlet files and new cases that came Sherlock’s way from the Met and their respective blogs, they stayed busy.
“Now.” Sherlock let go of his hand, and John dashed out from their cover.
“What had happened?”
Sherlock gave him a ghost of a smile, then glanced to his sister. “Whether I do it or not, you won’t be coming with us, Eurus.”
She pretended to consider a moment before walking into his arms. “Good luck,” she whispered in his ear. “And you better fucking live. I was looking forward to having someone my height in the family.”
“Oh my God. You’re jealous!”
“Compromised location?”
Sherlock stared at the photos a while longer. “Yes, I think we should.”
Holmes narrowed his eyes. “I had you figured out in fifteen seconds.”
“Bingo.”
“It could be someone obsessed with me who—I don’t know—doesn’t like you writing the blog, or just wants to stir up trouble.”
The man who had just slid into the seat across from them was worn, tired, and older, but recognizably the boy from the pictures John had seen of Victor. He looked across the table at Sherlock, and though worry and vigilance overshadowed his expression, John caught a hint of longing there as well. Surprisingly, instead of jealousy, John only felt sympathy for him.
“What.” His tone was venomous.
Sherlock turned away from the wall and smiled softly at John. “You’re picking this up rather well. Not quite the idiot most people are.”
John rubbed the bridge of his nose, trying not to be a dick about it. He wasn’t sure why he tried. Sherlock was a dick ninety percent of the time, and yet he managed just fine.
John winked at him. “I am a journalist.”
“I don’t have to listen to this, Mycroft. I’m out of here.”
“Yet?” I asked, intrigued. “Meaning you think they can be.”
Full disclosure, readers. At the time of this posting, I’ve gained a new flatmate. Or. He’s gained me, I reckon. You see, just after the events that I explain in the following paragraphs took place, I came home to find my block of flats up in flames. I can’t say I’m too bothered by that. It was a shit flat, and I’m happy to be out. War correspondents tend to not accumulate many things, so not much was lost in the fire, and the insurance money meant I could finally buy a new laptop. Finding new digs in London, however, is daunting. It’s not a cheap place to live. Still, there’s nowhere else I’d rather be, if I’m stuck in England anyway.
“You were only one part of it. The darknet. The last song Wendt wrote before he died, the one that’s still be shared and downloaded to this day. Other music corners of the world. Millions of people have heard the songs, the symphony that will open the portals that have been closed since the ancients fought off the demons thousands of years ago.”
“That’s not all.”
“What, like minor key stuff?”
With a bounce of his eyebrows and his sociopath grin (fake), Sherlock popped out of his chair to pull up the audio file on his laptop. John followed behind slowly, wondering what he was getting himself into—a question he’d been asking himself since he’d met the man.
,” John hummed at the slight dig, but let Sherlock continue his train of thought, “this whole … conspiracy theory is tied to many of my scarlet files, cases I’ve been unable to disprove yet. What’s to say I can do it now?”
“Assuming we decide to believe and help you, what do we do while we wait for you?” Sherlock’s tone was disgusted, and John wasn’t sure if that was because he hated the thought of believing in all this and helping Simon, or if it was just that he hated waiting.
hungry. “Why not?”
Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes.
“The urban legend is that everyone who hears the sound dies within a year.”
“Right. Yes.” Sherlock nodded and stood up. “Sorry. About. Well, not sorry for being upset. I still think I had every right. But, I do apologize for waking you up so early.”
Sherlock’s eyes were red and surrounded by dark smudges. These days, lack of sleep seemed to be the only thing they had in common.
John smiled. “Ah, of course.” He cleared his throat. “So, Glushka. A mysterious place with mysterious falling figures and a mysterious event that caused the monks to call in an outsider.”
“No,” said Maria.
“Thank you for confirming my suspicions,” he said without turning around.
“You didn’t like him?” He tried to be casual in asking, but with her sidelong look, he knew he hadn’t succeeded.
“Seriously?
She leaned forward conspiratorially. “Did he tell you about the dead body he found?”
“Human idiocy put me on the path.”
“And now you’re the one bursting the bubble for everyone else.”
With a nod, the man headed back out the door. The whole exchange had taken less than a minute and left John very confused. This didn’t seem like the usual paranormal investigation. Then again, Sherlock Holmes himself was pretty unusual, in many respects.
“There is an explanation,” Sherlock argued. “I just haven’t found it yet. The burden of proof isn’t on me, especially in this case, where the footage is third or fourth generation. I can’t be certain of the geography of each of the events. A lot of technical questions remain unanswered.”
“Hmmm. There’s loads of mythology surrounding it, as you noted. But I researched it for well over a month, and the origins of the urban legend bits seem to have begun with a scientific outpost in Antarctica in 1962. They were recording and cataloging electromagnetic waves, and in the process picked up an odd audio wave pattern. At first, they thought it was a whale stranded under the ice, or the wind, or electromagnetic waves themselves. They were unable to look further into it, though, because they all died.”
John skidded to a halt between the single central boulder and the two in front of it that formed the hell gate (hellmouth, his giddy brain told him).
“What if Simon is one of them, and us showing up in Sofia slots us neatly into a trap? Hmm? What then?”
“What?”
“Well, she mentions an exorcism partway through the video, so she thinks she found one. And some odd stuff does happen.”
“Where are you going?”
John crossed his arms. “Seriously? Just because you’re too good for dating doesn’t mean you need to mock the rest of us who want to give it a go. Some of us don’t want to die alone, you know.” As soon as the words were out of his mouth, he knew it was the wrong thing to say.
“Ah. No. Just cases with the right occurrence of events to make disproving difficult at this point in time.”
And then he was gone, sneaking out the back the same way he’d come.
John opened his mouth but nothing came out. He panicked. It seemed like anything he’d say would implicate him somehow. Especially to a Holmes. Not that sitting there with his mouth open was helping. He pointed a finger at her. “Not a word.”
“Not in the beginning, no. He watched Sherlock just as carefully as Mother did. They were inseparable, and not in a good way. But when they visited home during the summer hols after their second year of uni, he was different. He had that same infatuated-happy look Sherlock did. He was less detached and cold. He looked like he wanted to be with Sherlock forever. Until he disappeared, that is.”
When he awoke, it was almost four hours later, according to the clock. The room was dark and quiet, and he wasn’t sure what had woken him until he realized Sherlock was restless next to him. He was on his back now, and his hands and legs twitched, his head tossing back and forth on the pillow. John waited to see if he’d wake, but he didn’t. When he started breathing hard and whimpering, John decided to intervene.
“You know, you're actually bordering on condescension at this point,” John replied.
left the note. Will you come?”
“I do, really. But science can’t explain everything.”
“There’s something else, something Robert doesn’t know about,” Maria confessed after she and Sherlock had backed off. She picked up her laptop and walked down a hall into a room decorated for a young boy—Sammy’s room. She opened the cupboard door and moved some clothes out of the way, then pointed the laptop camera at it.
“Early myths and religions the world over celebrate that time of year.”
“Even if it’s not–”
Sherlock shook his head. “He left a note.”
“Yes.” John hoped this was going where he thought it was going. If he had to sit in a gray office and write another dreadful article on some frightfully dull subject, he’d chuck his walking stick at someone.
“There’s a note,” he said with a huff.
was a big magazine, to be sure, but it was indeed beat by—in his opinion—war journalism. But that was a life he was trying to forget. A life he
This week’s case comes from episode
instead of
Sherlock put down his tea and passed it to John. While John skimmed the top page, case notes on a Robert Torres, Sherlock got up and booted a laptop on his desk. He motioned John over. “DVD?”
John put out a calming hand. “Sorry, we should’ve asked first. Can we? Just the pages with the symbols. Not your private art.”
“Why did you ask
Sherlock nodded. “Scriabin I’ve heard of.”
Over the next few days, John went off on his own for interviews with a professor of religious studies, Keith Dabic himself, and Jeff Wendt’s mother, but didn’t come up with much more than he already knew from Sherlock’s research. The more he talked to people who all believed in the Unsound, though, the more unnerved he felt. If these crazy stories were true, he’d be dead in less than a year. Then again, he kind of hadn’t expected to live through his last job, but he’d come through with only a bullet wound and nightmares as souvenirs. Dabic seemed to believe he had less than three months to live, given when he first heard the sound. John guessed he’d be safe enough waiting until Dabic’s death date had passed before freaking out.
“Some of them. Others are new.”
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand. “A very early myth from when we were migrating out of Africa, when we still had common ancestors.”
Sherlock said nothing, staring hard at Simon.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and slumped into one of the chairs, John following suit. “And now that we’re here, is there a purpose for calling us all this way from home?”
“Yeah. ‘Course you are.” John smiled at him.
Eurus looked thoughtful. “Not he usual.”
“So we’re going to California?”
“I never find the truth patronizing.”
“Not really.” Eurus gave an apologetic shrug. “He seemed conflicted the last time I saw them, but not like he wanted to leave Sherlock. If anything, he seemed more in love than ever.”
“Anyone who looked after a Chosen. Me, Maddie Franks, Sammy’s babysitter, Robert’s childhood neighbor, Simon’s father, your mother.”
instead of
I know I’ve said it before, but now I know it’s one hundred percent true. It’s more than my sleep deprivation. It’s more than just coincidence. The universe cannot be that fucking lazy. Sherlock. He’s like the others. He’s one of the kids.
Trent nodded. “I don’t even get down on my knees or talk out loud. Just in my head. But he said he could hear me and didn’t like it. He’s crazy. Scary and crazy.”
This week’s scarlet file comes from episodes
“He talked to me, Simon did, while he was choking me. He told me he didn’t like it when I prayed and that he had to stop me. It was the same voice that said, ‘I like your drawings.’ Not to mention,” he added with a glare at Sherlock, “all I had to do was describe what my attacker looked like. The staff were the ones who said it was Simon.”
Sherlock took it but only looked at it perplexed. “I … received a message, after you mentioned Victor in your blog.”
“Nothing so dramatic,” Simon replied. “I simply got to the point where I was no longer a boon to the Order. I could let myself die—by the Order’s hand or by the world ending—or I could hide and try to stop them. Self preservation.” He shrugged nonchalantly.
John snorted, pointing at the covered wall in front of them. “Looks like you followed his advice real good.”
Sherlock frowned but nodded.
“One more time than necessary.” John stood up. “Tea?”
Sherlock’s argument wasn’t going to stop him from researching further into Scriabin or Percival Black. Looked like a long day of research ahead of him.
“That’s just under two months from now,” John commented. “What’s going to happen then? What did the site say?”
He had originally found his flatmate’s lack of acknowledgement of personal space to be charming, something that showed his innocence when it came to interpersonal connections, but lately he’d been more affected by it than just being charmed. It was getting harder (no pun intended) to ignore his attraction to Sherlock. Which was bad, seeing as the man didn’t seem to be attracted to anything apart from weird experiments, dry monographs on obscure myths, and false claims of the paranormal. John had tried the dating thing for a while in an attempt to get over his little crush, but after the sixth time Sherlock had ruined a date, John had given up on ever having a love life.
“Oh!” John said again, but this time in surprise. He’d taken it for a black stain at first, but just like he’d done when seeing Sammy’s bedroom cupboard months before, it morphed into a stretched face the longer he looked at it.
Sherlock huffed but got up from his chair and left the room.
of TBT.
“Let’s start from the beginning, what you first told me,” said Sherlock, getting right into it.
“Yes, well nothing.” John tried to say more, but words failed him. “Fuck, I can’t right now.” He turned his eyes back on his phone screen. “You can call the police now, Wolfgang. I am so sorry for getting you involved in this. Truly.”
“So about seven years ago, an eleven-year-old boy was placed in the hospital after supposedly murdering his parents. Simon Reese, you might have heard of him when the story first came out?” John sat in the chair across the table from Sherlock, dishing out a meal he would eat and Sherlock would pick at.
“Very good.” Simon sounded a little like Sherlock there, and John didn’t like that.
Sherlock didn’t even twitch at his sister, his focus fully on John. “We’ll make it. I won’t let you die.”
“Glasgow. She’s a writer, actually.” Sherlock glanced at him sideways and nudged his shoulder. “Fiction though.”
John shrugged. “Possible. But I don’t think Robert wants to believe, but he’s seeing it too.”
“What?”
Okay, I lied in The Tall Man chapter. This chapter is fairly creepy too. Blame TBT, not me! CW for gore and mention of what appears to be a suicide.
“Don’t.”
Moments after he finished the thought, Eurus was bowled over by a woman with a good stone more muscle than petite Eurus. “Shit,” he muttered. He resolved to sit up, cradling his broken wrist against his stomach. The pain grayed his vision slightly, but he breathed deep and sat up. He shook his head. After another breath, he pushed himself to standing, and just at that moment, a man hurtled toward Sherlock.
Surprisingly, it wasn’t any of those things on Sherlock’s mind, at least not at the moment. He frowned. “My mattress is better.”
“I will.”
Today is the last day of Sherlock’s life, if the rumours of the Unsound are to be believed. For my own happiness, I sure hope he lives. I know a part of me will be watching him like a hawk until midnight. It’s funny that a year ago, I would never have believed if someone told me the supernatural existed, and that I would be a part of this world.
He decided to leave the annoying man out of the conversation. “You say you can identify whether a case is a purposeful misdirection or just a strange case of unexplained phenomena within ten minutes of the events being presented to you.”
“So? There are lots of countdown clocks out there.”
John smiled tightly.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “John goes first. Eurus, wait until the leader is distracted, but start circling to the southern end of the stand of trees now. I’ll begin playing here and remain as long as I am able. Don’t pay attention to me. Concentrate on your j–”
Simon nodded. “For the most part, yes, except this one here. It’s the trickiest. It’ll be the last to be changed, replacing it with these three here.”
“Mother.”
“He knows that would be an inefficient use of resources, the same reason he didn’t lock us away for a month.”
Simon grinned. “Ah yes. The Order played quite the trick there. And thanks to popular blogger John Watson, it worked.”
“I think she made Mycroft take her home to use his spa bathroom,” Sherlock said before playing the first few bars of a new song he said he was calling either “The Scarlet Files” or “John.”
“Yeah. Unknown number. It just said …
a journalist, Sherlock. Sensationalism is not my thing. The truth is.”
It was filled with the expected beige files that were in every office around the world. The tab names suggested they were for cases Sherlock had investigated. He closed the drawer and pulled open the one that had snagged his interviewee’s attention. Along with the beige folders used in the drawer above it, this one also contained folders of a deep red color. Just as John was about to grab one, a voice stopped him.
and a family is missing. This isn’t
Sherlock’s fingers tapped out a nervous rhythm on his mug. “It’s just– That is, if we … but we don’t have to–
But rather than look annoyed, Holmes looked a little … pleased. His mouth twitched. “Please, call me Sherlock.”
“I’m surprised he wanted you. You may be a genius, but Robert didn’t seem too happy with the results of your previous investigations for him.”
It was the expression that allowed John to let the chuckle free from his throat. After a moment, Holmes joined him, his laughter deeper, smoother than John’s almost giggle.
Sherlock stared straight ahead, eyes narrowed as if peering into his own little world. “The truth is important to me,” he replied slowly. “It always has been. It’s why my first degree was in forensic pathology. But the more I learned about the world, the more frustrated I became with the untruths. I hated that people were being deceived because of some silly myth that no one had ever thought to investigate. It’s one thing to make up scary or outlandish stories knowing they’re not true, but when people are being
Simon smirked. “What are doors usually used for, Mr. Holmes?”
“So, The Unsound.”
The case of Sherlock’s mysterious room happenings plus the anonymous text about Eurus came to head when John brought Sherlock some food, in attempt to both force-feed him and do a little recon. Knocking hadn’t worked over the last few days, so he just took a page from Sherlock’s book and barged in.
“Bath, actually.”
School security cameras did show an unknown vehicle in the pick-up area around the same time Sammy disappeared, and through some queries, they found the vehicle parked at Portola Redwood State Park. Sherlock asked for maps of the park, studied them for less than an hour, and zeroed in his focus to one cabin and a cave. They sent out two police teams, with Sherlock and John accompanying (with reluctant acceptance by the lead detective) the one that went to the cabin, which was the more likely spot in Sherlock’s mind.
“Hello. What you got there?” he came closer to lean over.
Sherlock had joined him in the first place? Was it an experiment? Was he just trying to get rid of the dreams, or was it related to their conversation the night before last? He took the coward’s way out and skirted around direct mention.
“And Sherlock?” Sherlock stiffened at John’s question.
Sherlock scooted close, facing John, so John mirrored him and put his top arm around Sherlock, his hand landing comfortingly on his lower back. They shared a pillow, their breath mingling. They said nothing for a time, just stared at each other in the dark, moonlight highlighting parts of their faces. Sherlock put a hand to the side of John’s neck, stroking his pulse point with his thumb. Perhaps it calmed him, feeling something so physically present, something so alive.
Eurus agreed to the research and declined the tea. John hunted down a USB drive to copy his research on to while she took a look in the file cabinet. They were accompanied throughout by terrible violin noises that sounded more than a little cat-like rather than a musical instrument. Eurus took her leave as soon as they’d gathered everything, promising to be in touch soon.
“How long did this go on?” John asked, feeling a thrill at the story. This was far more interesting than he’d expected, even after all he knew about, and experienced around, Sherlock.
claims to have attacked the patient—Trent.”
The vehemence and frustration in Sherlock’s voice make John pause. He doesn’t seem particularly happy with the suggestion, despite having been the one to voice it. John puts the pink stuffed elephant (now with electric blue stitching on a hind leg) down and turns to look at his best friend. He thinks about what to say.
Sherlock looked pensive, so John didn’t push him. It wasn’t his stubborn look for when he kept things to himself for no good reason. It was his
because of misinformation … It makes me angry. I think …” he laughed and looked sheepishly at John. “The first myth I debunked was Father Christmas.”
When Mike asked me to start this new column—or whatever you call it on a blog—I was more than a little insulted. I was a war correspondent before this: hardened, tough, an adrenaline junkie. This job was meant to be a new start, sure, but still somewhat familiar to my old life. I thought I’d be taking on politics or white-collar criminals or society’s current downfalls. Interviewing people with odd jobs or interesting lives was not what I was expecting. And thankfully, that trajectory has changed. What started out as a special interest column has zeroed in to focus on one subject, one man.
John glanced at him. “It might be real, that’s what you’re thinking.” Sherlock glanced sharply at him, but didn’t confirm or deny. “The dreams …”
“Yeah, that.”
“Now,” Sherlock replied, grabbing his already packed case from the sitting room.
“You know you want to,” John teased. “Just the sound of the opening theme gets you excited.”
“We don’t know that, Sherlock. We only know he disappeared, and that we’re the first to hear from him. Why this? Why now?”
“They don’t get internet privileges in hospital.”
. He was just … gone.” He uncurled enough to peek up at John. “He was my best friend.”
“Oh.” Sherlock swallowed hard. “You’re mine too,” he replied softly.
In which sleepless nights lead to conversation, Feelings(TM) are announced, and John gains a bedmate.
“Trent didn’t make them,” the boy replied drolly.
John knocked their knees together. “Behave.”
“It’s too dangerous!”
It was odd, the sound. Not what he expected. Though, what
“I read the post at midnight. Be glad I waited this long.”
John’s mind tried to follow along with the quickly spouted deductions, but he felt his temper rising. What kind of person called out someone’s PTSD and traumatic injuries? Well, he knew what kind of person. The kind he’d begged Mike to let him interview. He pulled back his shoulders and nodded. “Afghanistan.”
“To warn you off your investigations, Mr. Watson.” Though he addressed John, he didn’t stop staring at Sherlock.
“Well, what do you think?”
“Excuse me?”
“So either Trent drew them to get Simon—someone he’s never met—in trouble, or …”
“What?”
Sherlock hunched in his seat. “Their motive is that they’re mad and think I’m some sort of demon magnet or translator or doorway or whatever. We don’t need to know anything more. Encouraging them will only lead to more trouble.”
“And maybe when you try to cover the wall in darts.”
And John ruined it by saying what had been on his mind for days, what he couldn’t hold back anymore. “I think we should team up with Simon.”
Sherlock huffed but opened the door to join John.
“Just … you know what you need to focus on. None of this means anything to me. Tell me what you find out.”
“I was working late. It was our corporate year end, so I had to get our taxes in order. Except for the night janitor who was working on the floor above me, I was alone in the building. And as I was locking my office door, I heard something coming from the far end of the hallway.”
haunt your arse,” she threatened, and he laughed.
John studied him for a moment, then reached for his phone and handed it over.
“A bit dramatic, don’t you think?” Sherlock asked Simon, who looked very unconcerned despite the complicated route he’d made them take to the location.
“The first of November, then?” asked Sherlock.
Rather than answering, Sherlock stalked to the door, and after taking a moment to abandon their drinks, John hurried after.
“It’s the only way,” she argued. “John will be busy distracting, and you’ll be occupied with your violin. That leaves me for the symbol substitutions.”
Sherlock sighed. “John. If you keep talking about a shadowy figure following a child, and that child suddenly tells you he's friends with that shadowy figure and gives it a scary name, you’re going to see that kid as creepy.”
“We could lock her in her room.”
And something in John relaxed. He really would have followed Sherlock wherever, but he was glad he was following him exactly where he himself wanted to go. The hand that had been on Sherlock’s head had slid to his shoulder when he sat up, and John brought it and his other hand up to cup Sherlock’s face. “I’m with you,” he reiterated.
John mentally worked through a list of questions. “You don’t think he doctored the footage?”
A few weeks after the case of Simon and Trent, John received a video via anonymous email. It was a woman sitting at a table with several monks in grey robes—a séance, from the look of it. The woman asked questions, then wrote things on a piece of paper, looking as if she was being controlled rather than doing the writing of her own volition.
“Of course,” he replied with a smirk. “Everything can be, given enough time, money and equipment.”
Sherlock shrugged half-heartedly and looked down at his hands folded in his lap. “My parents were quite ordinary, and you know how Mycroft is. It could be just a me thing, with Eurus allowing it. She’s always been the most sensitive of the three of us. We were close as children you know. Each other’s only friend during our formative years.”
“An empathic bond, perhaps?”
Eurus didn’t start having the nightmares, but she picked up their mood the longer she stayed. They were all irritable and short with each other. The sibling bickering turned into yelling fights, with one or both of them storming out of the room. John learned to leave the flat at such times. He’d visit Mrs. Hudson or go for a walk in the park. The autumn air was crisp and bracing after the stifled atmosphere of the flat, and the slowly turning leaves were a welcome sight. And, of course, there were the days when he and Sherlock fought, which also pushed him out of their home, usually with a stomachache or a headache. He’d spend hours walking the park, wearing thin the same paths.
P.S. Dabic is pronounced Dab-itch.
What the hell had just happened? Who the hell was Sherlock Holmes? What the hell had John got himself into with this interview?
John leaned forward in his chair. “Wait, when you say
In which John and Sherlock huddle for warmth, Eurus comes back, John leave the flat a lot to avoid sibling fighting, and Eurus talks her way into helping at the final showdown.
you’ll come back.”
Sherlock scoffed over the idea that there was a reason to worry. “He was a troubled young man who wanted the world to suffer with him.”
. What John had taken for an electrical buzzing was the sound of hundreds of flies covering the wall. He felt his skin crawl. Then the camera swung around to a dining area. The table had been shoved out of the way, and hanging from the ceiling by what looked like the remains of a ceiling light fixture was a woman. John made an educated guess as to who it was.
Sherlock hummed and crossed his arms. John took a few more snaps before a rustling noise caught their attention.
“Then you’ll outwit them, like you said. But there’s a chance he wants to help. And I think taking a chance on him is worth it.”
John paused the recording. “Well shit.”
He shrugged. “Just seems …”
John smiled. “I had noticed Mrs. Hudson’s mothering, but your brother doesn’t trust me.”
“Hmmm. A doctor.” Sherlock tilted his head. “I can see that. Though I wouldn’t have my blogger if you’d gone that direction.”
“I care about my brother. And anyone he loves. If I can help keep you two safe, I will.”
In which John and Sherlock meet with Victor, Eurus and John trade friendly insults, Sherlock and Eurus bicker, and John and Sherlock become best friends.
John tensed at the words. He was used to Sherlock treating him like an idiot, and he understood that it was Sherlock’s misplaced frustration with himself that caused it, but Mycroft was just an arse. A nosy, smug, arse. One who felt the need to kidnap him on his way to do the shopping. Rude.
“To get in a building, to move from room to room,” John offered when it was apparent Simon wouldn’t explain until someone answered.
John laughed. As the oldest himself, he understood Mycroft’s need to look after his younger siblings. Still, the man was excessively nosy, and he didn’t blame Sherlock and Eurus for trying to distance themselves from their big brother.
John snorted. “At what, age five?”
Sherlock sniffed. “I think I’d know if I was psychic. Not that there is such a thing.”
“Perhaps.” He moved over to the wall next to it. “This is definitely purposeful.” He pointed at a line of numbers at the top of the wall. “The Golden Ratio.”
It took a while, but John finally sussed out the change in Sherlock. It was guilt, it had to be. Too many times, Sherlock had insisted he owed a debt to Mary. Rosie might have lost a mother, but that didn’t mean she had to be left with a single parent. Molly began dropping by John’s flat more often, and Mrs. Hudson would call, insisting on visits from the Watsons (which often led to visits with Sherlock, of course). John knew those too were due to Sherlock’s influence.
“What?”
“I hate my family,” Sherlock muttered, dropping his head back onto the sofa behind him.
it to be true. But if they were only on their second case and he was already chickening out, what use was it for him to continue?
“How did you know it was Simon who attacked you? You claimed to have never met him before.”
“He’s further down the conspiracy rabbit hole than you or even your biggest fans are. He’s delusional.”
Wolfgang nodded. “You couldn’t have known.” He paused. “Right?”
John stared at her for a moment. “No. You want to– No. You can’t.”
“So, no unsolved cases then?”
“Yes …”
“I couldn’t agree more.”
John startled awake to find Sherlock looming over his bed.
When John returned from the kitchen a few minutes later, Sherlock looked pensive.
Sammy tilted his head. “Why are you following him?”
Simon laughed, and both men ignored him. John rolled his eyes.
The young man was in there when they arrived. His walls, too, had been scrubbed clean. Sherlock went over his room with the same fine-toothed comb, then turned to Trent when he was done.
“Then why did you bring her here?”
“Knowing where the dead child had been sacrificed, near your home when you were a teen.”
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow but kept silent.
“Why not?” The door closed again.
A day later, the battle won by John, the two men boarded a plane to Sofia, wanting to get in a day early to prepare as much as possible. Well, John wanted to prepare. Sherlock hadn’t said two words since their disagreement.
“Tisane, I think. You don’t need any more caffeine.”
“Why?”
“Sherlock, you can’t call it that.”
“I’ll find a way.” They hugged a while longer before pulling a part.
Sherlock straightened. “Doors.”
The night after their talk, John went to bed at his usual time, somehow still harboring hope that he’d finally get a full night’s sleep. He read until his eyes grew heavy and he stopped paying attention to the storyline (the sister-in-law did it, which John had known from page 32 because some
John smirked. “Not what you were expecting.”
John walked over to the side of the desk he’d claimed as his own, grabbed the folder he’d placed there earlier, and dropped it on Sherlock’s lap. “The Unsound.”
“Is there anything else we need to know?” asked John, ready to be done with this meeting. “We have a four-hour drive back to London to make.”
It looked like a black charcoal or burn stain along the back wall. Because of the topic of their conversation, John could imagine it looked like the face from Munch’s
What sounded like a boy’s voice came from behind the camera. “Who can you see?”
“No,” John said sternly. He pulled away and turned to the kitchen. “Tea?”
His current research was on Percival Black, the composer who was possibly doing some work on a “cure” for the Unsound. It turned out he was a fellow Englishman who had moved to a Russian monastery in the nineties to work on his musical compositions. John’s calls and emails weren’t having any returns, but he’d managed to get in touch with Black’s flatmate from uni. The man described Black as the usual creative type: kept to himself, worked late into the night, but friendly enough.
. It’s basically the same thing. Parodos was the first song sung by a chorus during Greek plays. Epiparodos is similarly used at the end. There are two more nods to Taz’s writing in this story (both toward the end). If there are any Locked Tomb fans reading this, I hope you find them!
“And what if I don’t choose a side? What if I refuse to play the game?” asked Sherlock.
John cocked his head. Friendlier than Sherlock, but just as forward, just as willing to state what she wanted up front. He couldn’t help but be charmed by it. “Alright. Why is that?”
Sherlock turned to John wide-eyed. “You think Victor’s disappearance led to my going into paranormal investigation and then being given these very specific, seemingly disparate cases over the last few years that you’re convinced are actually connected?”
you two doing? Really.”
The man nodded. “If you want to. But,” he continued, turning to Sherlock with a glare, “the moment he feels uncomfortable, you stop, got it?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed. “You and me against the rest of the world.”
“Yeah.”
“You’re here.”
The wait was shorter than John expected. He puttered around the rest of the day—did some cleaning and laundry, read a few magazines so he could bin them in hopes of finding their desk buried under three layers of files and papers, made a shopping list. It was one of those rare quiet days with no cases or even experiments. He really should have done some more research, but he was hesitant to interrupt this soft and homey atmosphere that pervaded their space so rarely. He ended up in front of their bookcases, trying to find a book he could half pay attention to while discretely watching Sherlock do his own lazy puttering. He heard him come up behind him as he perused their library but didn’t turn around, expecting that Sherlock either wanted a book of his own or would make his needs otherwise known with some sharp command.
