this is okay, don't
"Tell me on what grounds you're holding her here again?", Tony asked Natasha with raised eyebrows. He knew there weren't any and so did Natasha.
"I wonder if you intended to keep us low profile. If you did, you fucked that one up spectacularly.", Peter mumbled as they sat in one of the booths of the waffle house, the seat was soft, comfortable, foreign.
"Right now maybe, but your heart is very predictable. I know you, Wade Wilson. You're a creature of darkness, you always reach towards the light. It's in your nature. That's why you and I wouldn't work out.", Death pointed out and her words twisted something in Wade's mind. They were uncomfortable to think of, he pushed them away. "No, we wouldn't work out because you never let me past your doorstep.", he joked and now Death looked annoyed.
A quick little chapter today to get the plot to move forward.
"Sorry. I didn't know what it was until I opened it.", he said and his tone didn't sound fearful, but it wasn't nonchalant either. It sounded like resignation, like
Bucky opened his mouth to say something, he wasn't sure what, when he heard another pair of footsteps. Steve noticed it as well and they both turned around to see Wade walking towards them. Bucky had only seen the other man in casual clothing but right now he was wearing a black and red supersuit with several weapons strapped to it and two katanas on his back. Wade's expression was determined, his eyes sharp. He wasn't walking towards Steve and Bucky, he was walking towards the elevator door. Bucky could guess why. "Where do you think you're going?", he asked, getting to his feet and blocking Wade's path.
Steve was a gift, a blessing, the first person after Peter that Tony could truly call family. But even then, the sorrow never dwindled. Two times a year, Peter's birthday and the day of his death, Tony retreated to mourn his beautiful boy. Steve let him, never questioned it, never judged. Because he had his own family that he mourned. He understood.
"The only reason you had any right to contain Peter was because of a file documenting that he's dangerous.", Tony pointed out and Wade could already see where Tony was going with this. He just wished that it would work.
"I hope I am." With that she drove off and Steve returned to the mansion. He spend his walk to the kitchen readying himself for what he'd find in there. Peter, having a breakdown, probably.
"Hey? Did I wake you up?", Peter asked carefully.
"Then get your ass to the SHIELD base if you wanna see him. We're meeting them there at 2 am. ", Tony returned before abruptly ending the phone call.
"Yeah, the Avengers. Your dad is a superhero, saved the world a couple of times, of course we won't mention casualties or property damage, that's not for this fic.", Wade replied, ignoring the boxes.
"Yeah, I'm not HYDRA, told you so. No tying up in here unless you ask me to.", he winked and that actually go Peter to open his eyes and frown at him.
"I live here.", MJ shrugged.
"Invading Czechoslovakia, what does it look like?", he snapped, his voice was lacking his usual snark. Right now it was sharp. dangerous, just like the swords he carried with him. Wade tried to push past Bucky but Bucky wasn't having it.
"Don't mention it.", Peter quickly ordered and Wade snapped his mouth shut, pretending to lock his lips with an invisible key that he then threw away.
"Of course it does. If I, or anyone else, makes you uncomfortable you have to say that and we'll stop.", Wade tried to be patient and not make a big deal out of Peter's total lack of autonomy, it wasn't easy though.
"I don't really trust anyone fully but you. But I trust them a lot. I- I don't think they'd ever do anything to intentionally hurt us.", he replied honestly. He wanted Gwen to get along with the rest of his family... Peter didn't know when he had started considering them his family, but he was there now.
Peter reached for his own phone, a heavy unfamiliar weight. When he turned on the screen he had no messages. "I told you that he doesn't know you have a phone. ", Bucky told him the same thing he did before and since he was being honest Peter decided to be as well.
Peter decided to not question her behaviour for now. Instead he decided to do the same thing that his family did for him on these days. Take care of her and keep her alive until she snapped out of it.
"If you say so..."
"Really? I thought we talked about this.", he pointed out.
. She was bringing him back to Keipon. He couldn't go back, he couldn't. But he also couldn't let Gwen kill herself.
"Yeah, now I only smoke when I'm stressed.", Bucky replied. It was an off-hand comment. Bucky didn't even seem to notice his own implications right away.
Peter froze, his grip tightening on the door handle until the metal bend. "Thanks." Peter spoke through gritted teeth, before promptly opening the door and climbing inside, disappearing behind tinted glass.
"Yes it is. If you told Wade that you wanted to be with him he'd say yes in a heart beat. Not to say that you should, if you don't feel ready.", Tony stated and Peter was stunted by how matter of fact it sounded. Like there was no doubt in Tony's mind.
"You're bold, I can see why Wade likes you.", she said and it looked like she was smiling,  though it was hard to tell, since she didn't have any lips.
The boy tensed, sitting up clearly caused him effort but his voice, barely above a whisper, was steady when he spoke. "Is this real? I mean, am I really here?"
"Of course!", Wade exclaimed and they were kissing again. And it was just as good as the first time.
"You know how to drive a car?", Tony asked, baffled.
"You okay?", Wade asked carefully. At first he thought that Peter started to sob but when he revealed his face again Wade saw that he was chuckling. His eyes were glistening and bloodshot and his laugh sounded a little hysterical.
His heart was made of shattered glass and now it's shards cut up his insides, filled his lungs with blood and sorrow, all that Wade wanted was to disappear, be gone like Peter.
"Something quick maybe? It's 3 am and I think we could all use a bit of sleep.", Bucky replied.
. Tony didn't know yet. They had to tell him. But what was Steve even supposed to say.
Wade almost laughed with his boxes at that. "Fuck no, Spidey. I'm no hero, especially not one like your daddy.", he smirked and Peter actually frowned but he still dropped the topic.
"You're right, you're stronger. ", Peter said, he tasted blood, was it coming out of his throat or his nose?
Wade couldn't help it, the things that Peter was saying only worsened Wade's worries. If even Peter, the person that knew Gwen best, thought that something was up, then maybe Wade wasn't just being a jealous asshole.
Peter didn't react at all. He was like a statue, just looking into Wade's eyes, directly now. "How did this happen?", he then asked.
Tony observed him for a moment, chewing on the nail of his thumb. He was thinking about saying something. At least that's what it seemed like. "Don't take this the wrong way, but I sort of thought that you were into Wade.", he finally confessed.
That's what Wade thought at first, too. Well, not the fucking bit, but Wade had tried to convince himself that he was just being jealous but the longer he thought about it the less sense Gwen's story made. Plus, her behaviour today was concerning. She didn't seem like someone who was in pain. She did yesterday but today? She just seemed detached, cold. Wade didn't like it. But it's not like he could tell Peter about his worries.
It took a while for Peter to say something again. He seemed to be gathering himself, phrasing what he'd say next so that it came out right. When he spoke he did it slowly, like the words didn't come easily to him. "You're all important to me, but I just... I need space. I can't be around people who I' will only disappoint."
His heart didn't care for his resolutions. So in the time he sat at Bucky's apartment a tiny, seemingly insignificant thing came alive inside of him. A thought, a prayer, something he wanted. All he asked for was a little less pain. It couldn't be too much to ask for, right?
"Then maybe don't listen to that lying bitch next time, I don't die easily.", Peter replied and Tony couldn't see his face, it was buried in Wade's shoulder, but he knew that he was smiling and his words startled a breathless laugh out of Wade.
Peter narrowed his eyes at him, cocking his head to one side. "It was heavily implied.", he pointed out but made a point to try to smirk, or at least signal to Bucky in some way that he wasn't overly upset about his words.
Peter didn't look up when he replied but his voice quivered more this time. "My punishment. I misbehaved. I need to be punished..."
"How did you get your powers anyways? You a mutant?", Wade then asked, pulling Peter out of his thoughts. Great, the topic became immediately less manageable.
"This is SHIELD. They are against HYDRA, too.",He replied after a moment and Wade was sure that all of them noticed that he didn't tell her that she could trust SHIELD.  Why would he?
"What happened? Where's Peter? ", Steve asked dread setting in.
Peter lowered his eyes and Bucky watched him clench his fists, his whole body tense. For a second he thought that Peter would attack him but then he just asked:"Did he tell you what happened?" There was strain in his voice and Bucky had to pick his words wisely.
a new brain, I
"I know... I know. He's self destructive but you'll figure it out. He just needs time. I'll talk to him, though.", Wade nodded, turning to the door. Before stepping inside he turned around once more. "Don't give up on him. I don't know if he could handle that." Those words were enough to convince Tony that he could trust Wade, at least for now.
"It would be fine by me, you know.", Peter then went on as if he didn't hear what Wade had said. "Not to say that I want to die. It's just... it wouldn't be the worst deathday ever. I'd prefer it today. I had some waffles, listened to music, saw the sun, the stars, pretty good last day."
"Gwen.", He whispered, his voice suddenly raw. He couldn't say anything else, all he could do was stare.
As much as Peter hated it, Natasha had taken Gwen under her wing. She had overseen the entire month Gwen spend at SHIELD and afterwards Gwen had apparently moved in with Natasha so that Natasha could aid her ongoing recovery.
"Wade! What the fuck was that?!", Stark exclaimed but Wade didn't really listen or care. He stared up into the sky, the sun was already setting. Did Peter see this when he died? He always loved the sky. Wade thought back to the first night at the motel when Peter opened up to him by the swimming pool under the night sky. He hoped that Peter got to see the sky and the stars a last time. He hoped that Peter hadn't been in pain, that he hadn't been scared in his last moments. He hoped that he could find peace now, wherever he was, wherever Wade couldn't reach him.
"Not really but we were desperate.", Tony confessed. "So what else can you tell us?", the hopelessness was gone, replaced by determination, it was a good look for the Tinman.
Tony was right, this was huge, this was momentous. "Deal.", Tony said, desperate for something, anything, even if he couldn't name it. Peter nodded and Wade couldn't contain himself anymore.
"How noble.", Peter stated, not moved at all by Wade's words.
"Peter? Are you with me?"
"Can you do me a favor?", Peter broke the silence first.
He had been 15 when Tony Stark's kid died. It was all over the news, everyone and their mother was freaking out because of it. There was no way in hell that this was the same Peter.
I also added it to the tags to be safe even though it won't play a huge or graphic role in this story.
"I... I tried to kill myself. ", he confessed and a heavy silence seemed to settle over them. That was to be expected with an admission like that but Peter felt the need to explain himself.
Bucky cut him off right there, before Peter could continue trash-talking himself. "I knew that you could speak, you talk in your sleep."
"You weren't. You were distrusting, which you have every right to be.", Tony sighed, sounding so fucking understanding. Peter hated it.
"Sure.", Steve nodded, already rushing to the kitchen as Tony went off into one of the hallways, leading to the bedrooms.
"I get it. I've had... a weird relationship with Death for years now.", Wade admitted and Peter raised his eyebrows curiously.
and Wade had to accept it but he couldn't,  he wouldn't,
"No can do, kid. Sorry.", he replied and Peter made another one of his hollow smirk-sounds.
Peter didn't believe him, how could he, but he still liked to dwell on it. He let himself believe it for just a second and it felt like seeing Wade smile, it felt like Gwen's arms holding him, it felt like Waffles tasted and the night sky looked and the sun felt on his skin and it felt like peace. Peter let himself feel it, just for second. And even when he shut the windows and locked the door, he still kept a little something in a jar in his heart, for bad times. Or worse ones.
(See the end of the chapter for
"But they have hurt you unintentionally?", she asked and Peter couldn't help but to let out a heavy sigh.
"I don't know.", Peter replied honestly. "I don't know what I'm thinking. I just- I wish I could jump ahead. I wish- I wish I didn't have to be me for once." It was dangerous, to open up like that, especially since he hadn't done that before with Tony. He felt exposed, bare and cut open and Tony could feist upon his insides like a vulture.
"I missed you, too.", Wade replied honestly but Peter didn't look convinced.
It's like her words flipped a switch in Peter and he started to shake, then tremble. "I didn't-", he choked," I didn't mean for that to happen- I didn't-"
Wade knew why he did, hell, he sometimes still did the same, but it could be a bit unnerving from time to time. Wade always felt watched, he could tell that Peter was only paying half his attention to whatever they were doing, the other half occupied with observing the room.
"Sure.", she nodded. Peter tried to not be disappointed.
"Of course! Come on in.", he nodded and Peter shuffled over to the kitchen counter, where the stack of Waffles was. He took one and stuffed it straight into his mouth. While he chewed on it, he watched Steve intently. There was something unsettling about Peter when he was like this, Steve had noticed it before. When he was sharp and quiet and focused he reminded Steve of Bucky. Of the Winter Soldier.
They had just returned to their room and were getting ready to attempt to sleep. Bucky froze for a second, glancing at Peter. "What?"
"Yeah, you want to share a room for now?", Tony asked and Peter gave Gwen a questioning look. She nodded ever so slightly, keeping her eyes downcast. It was strange how bold she was when it came to protecting him but how meek concerning everything else.
Another knock, Wade's voice but Peter couldn't hear. The door opened, he didn't notice. Not until the scissorswere slapped out of his hand. Too late. Peter couldn't even do this right.
Three jeeps, all black, drove off the highway to the side of the road they landed on and then the only thing Peter could hear was gunfire. It was deafening, especially for someone like Peter. It felt like his head was exploding.
HYDRA fucked the kid up good, that much was clear. Wade expected more of a fight, that Peter would try to run or at least not do what Wade told him. But the younger male was like a well trained dog.
Gwen looked around nervously and Wade recognized the same fear and panic in her that Peter displayed when he felt trapped. Her eyes finally lingered on the window as if she knew that they were watching them, which she probably did. "Peter... I don't want to be here, I don't trust them. ", she stated and Peter nodded.
"How long have I been out?", he asked, his cheeks stuffed and words muffled.
He tried to leave as rarely as possible but he still had to do it sometimes. So he left him with Obi, that was when he still trusted him. Not eve n a year later he would realize that that was his first mistake.
Bucky's grin melted away into a soft smile and he nodded. "Okay, come on, I'll make you an appointment."
The statement was exactly the kind of thing people seemed to say when they wanted you to ask for specifics. So Peter asked:"What are your usual motives?"
"Something's on your mind, what is it?", he asked and it almost sounded like in order. Out of all the ways that he had changed, this one was a little startling. Peter wasn't meek, he didn't hold back. Bucky didn't know if it was because he wasn't afraid anymore or if he just didn't care about the consequences and what might happen to him. That's why he couldn't tell, if it was a good or a bad change.
"Maybe don't hold the cigarette into the picture.", he mused while Peter tried to calm his stupid mind. For some reason his brain had this knee jerk reaction to expect pain and humiliation in connection with cameras. Another lovely present from HYDRA.
Peter leaned in and placed a quick kiss on Wade's lips before pulling back again.
"But you are an asshole for not telling him about it. It's his life, shouldn't he know what the price for it was?", Domino than added but Wade shook his head.
Tony had to let out a laugh at that. "Hypocrite much? You're like one giant secret, a big fat question mark."
Peter wondered, not for the first time, if he was like this too when he was activated. He couldn't imagine it. Peter had been mindless, he had barely spoken, hadn't had thoughts of his own. Gwen seemed differnt, she still seemed like somewhat of a person, just a person that didn't give a fuck. Somehow that was worse. You can't blame an animal for not being moral or human, Gwen wasn't an animal, though.
His shoulders slumped a little and Peter lowered his head. "I'm sorry.", the boy mumbled, all the edge that had been there seconds earlier, gone.
"Yeah, you're a bitch.", Peter nodded. He hadn't forgotten about the time she lied to Wade about Peter's death. He didn't trust her.
Wade always only offered touch and waited for Peter to initiate it. He was good like that and he knew that Peter didn't like getting touched. Even now, even though he didn't care about what was done to him anymore, it still sometimes made Peter's skin crawl. The difference was that now Peter couldn't find the motivation to stop someone when they went too far. So it was good that Wade didn't.
"Do you expect me to thank you?", Peter asked into the silence. Whatever was on his face before was gone, replaced with emptiness. He looked the way he did before the drugs had left his system. But he had also visibly relaxed, which was good. Some of the tension had left his shoulders and he had leaned his head back, staring at the ceiling.
"I don't think there is anything about Tony and me that is alike. ", he mumbled and Steve tensed up.
"I was cooperating. She told me she'd bring me to Peter. I didn't do anything. I promise.", Gwen replied. Peter put an arm around her, pulling her against his side which seemed to calm some of her tension.
But expecting and wanting something weren't the same. Peter wanted things, more than he would ever admit. It was a hungry desperate feeling that he shoved away into the darkest corners of his mind. Because wanting something was dangerous, it was lethal. If you wanted something enough you might get hopeful and Peter couldn't do that to himself.
"I told you that I had a fast metabolism.", Peter shrugged continuing to stuff his face with food even though it tasted like ashes. Not to say that Wade couldn't cook, he was quite decent. The problem was that everything tasted like nothing. That was the other change Peter had noticed. His super fast metabolism that normally left him hungry all the time... well, it was still there but his hunger wasn't. Peter didn't have an appetite in about 3 months. He still ate because he was expected to but he didn't need or want it anymore. He hadn't told anyone about that either because that was even more abnormal than the disinterest in his own wellbeing and Peter just didn't want to be a problem, not when things were sort of okay right now.
"The programming can be fixed, Peter. It worked for me.", Bucky tried to calm him but it worked the opposite.
" Definitely. Now take your clothes off, I want to see your beautiful body.", not-Peter ordered and Wade obeyed. That was rule two. He wasn't allowed to say no, he wasn't allowed to struggle, what Death wanted Death got or she'd snap with her fingers and Peter would drop dead. So Wade didn't resist, it wasn't worth the risk.
"Then do it. But hear me out first, please?", he pleaded and he could see Gwen shake, could see the bottom of her lips tremble. But she didn't shoot him, didn't tell him to shut up, so Peter spoke.
Gwen just grabbed a hold of him and pulled him closer, one hand caressing the back of his head, the other rubbing circles over his back. "Oh, Peter. That wasn't you.", she reassured him.
"You're wet.", Bucky suddenly stated, as if he only now noticed it and that somehow broke the tension between them, at least a little.
"Come on, It's on me.", he said casually but MJ didn't seem to like that, she turned over to him, eyebrows raised, and not in an amused way.
Peter had really wondered how far he'd go, how much he'd tell her. He found his limit. "I don't want to talk about it. I don't even know why I told you as much as I did. I normally don't talk to people, especially not about me.", he replied, shaking his head slightly. To his relief MJ wasn't upset by that.
"Peter?", Wade asked and his voice cracked. He had to do it, had to tell him, now that he got the chance he had to take it.
Peter couldn't help to pull a face, his shoulders tensing up immediately."I don't love the idea of a stranger near my neck with a pair of scissors. Could... Could you just cut my hair?", he admitted carefully. As always when Peter dared to ask for something there was the moment of crippling anxiety. He just waited for Bucky to turn against him in anger. He never did it, but Peter still waited.
Tony's eyes lingered on the cigarette for a second longer before he managed to gather himself. "Inside. Natasha agreed to meet with us.", he replied.
The young man avoided looking at the mirror again, instead his eyes fell onto the shower. Memories of ice cold water and electricity running through his veins popped up in his head and he shuddered. Not now. Not after this.
When Tony came in he looked out of breath and frantic. Like he ran here in a hurry. His eyes were wide and excited.
"MJ said it makes her uncomfortable when people watch her swim. And that it would make her less uncomfortable if I joined her.", Peter replied simply. Of course it hadn't been simple at all.
Wade quickly pushed the thought aside. "I don't think so...", Peter confessed, smiling. He then closed his eyes, took a deep breath and looked up at the sky again. "I actually think that I'm officially losing my mind completely. " Then he chuckled again, like it was the funniest shit on earth. "It's about damn time!"
Natasha wished to find nothing, no proof of programming. She wished that she could just put the file back and apologize to Tony, knowing that Peter wasn't a danger to them.
"Are you sure?", a voice asked and Wade didn't want to look up because he knew what he'd see. But Death wouldn't have it, so she lifted his head up until he came face to face with Peter, or rather, Peter's face. It wasn't him, Wade knew that. Because Death always made things perfect, too perfect. This Peter was healthy, he didn't look like a ghost, his eyes weren't rimmed with red and he was smiling, unbothered. None of that was his Peter. He was lacking Peter's edges, the pain that shaped him into the person Wade knew, the person he loved. Seeing him still hurt,
"That's how I'm feeling right now. I don't know what I need because I don't know what I lack. I don't know what to ask for.", Peter confessed and now Tony was the one to stay silent for a while.
"I'm not. ", Tony replied patiently, not a trace of anger or annoyance.
"We need to stop meeting like this.", the woman sighed, dropping her smile and crossing her arms.
"Trigger?", Wade asked and Peter nodded, continuing his frantic journey up and down the kitchen.
"Yeah, you seem... what's the word, Wade?", Peter asked.
"Nothing like a little mental breakdown, am I right?",Wade smirked.
"See! That's you! Standing next to your dad, mister billionaire genius himself. Officially you're dead, have been for about 10 years, obviously you're not but nobody knows that yet."
"Withdrawal? Like alcohol withdrawal?", Tony asked, his worry clear on his face. Tony Stark probably knew a thing or two about that. The man had been publicly sober for years.
"Neither do I, just keep them on.", MJ suggested.
Then there was the food thing. Peter needed loads of food, Tony and Steve knew that, Peter had told them about his super fast metabolism and they had seen how much he could eat. Knowing this made it even more obvious that he only ate when instructed and never asked for it or,
"I love you so much it hurts. I've always loved you. ", he confessed and he didn't care that his voice was shaking a lot, and that his hands were shaking even more. Peter had died in his arms and somehow he got a second chance with him. He couldn't be a coward anymore.
"Can they track you?" A shake.
"The numbness is, but the problem with that was, at least for me, that the drugs only delayed the emotional shock. Once I got off them it felt like going through weeks of horror in hours. It was-", another hitch. "Hellish.", he finished, looking out the window of the car.
"Better than a catatonic mess that's bleeding out on a bathroom floor you mean?", he asked in a teasing tone and his awful words partnered with his apparent amusement actually startled a small laugh out of Wade.
"-never wanted this-"
"Now get in the car, we need to get away from here.", he announced before walking over to his own smashed pick-up to get his belongings out of it.
"Yeah, take your time, will you?", he didn't mean for it to come out so bitter and Death noticed it as well.
"Peter, we talked about this-", Wade started but Peter wouldn't let him finish. Instead he started to crawl over the ceiling until he was right above Wade. He looked down and his eyes met Wades. And yup, he was definitely annoyed.
"Okay, let me ask you a few questions, you don't have to say anything. Just shake your head or nod, okay?" He nodded.
"It's not like I have a choice, do I?", he asked and Steve understood what was happening. He understood because he'd seen it before in Bucky. They both had a prisoner- mentality. They didn't expect anyone to let them make their own choices.
"Now let's get you out of here. ", Steve said and off they were.
"Yeah kid, I actually can.", Bucky said with a humorless chuckle.
"Wade, if you're suggesting what I think you are suggesting, I'd really recommend you to rethink that for a second.", Peter said, a dangerous edge to his voice, a warning,
"Sorry, but I'll only believe that once I see him.", Tony mumbled. Wade didn't say anything. He was uncharacteristically quiet ever since he returned from his chat with Death. At first he seemed empty, now anger seemed to have filled that void. Tony didn't know what Wade's relationship with Death was, he wouldn't try to pretend to understand how he could befriend the literal embodiment of Death. It was too wild. But since Wade found out that he'd been lied to, he was pretty pissed off.
"I- I just got a phone call.", Bucky announced, looking down at the phone in his hand. "It was Steve. Peter, why didn't you tell me that you're Tony Stark's son?"
Peter hadn't changed his mind when it came to not seeing them. The next day when they returned to the headquarters a woman who introduced herself as agent Lorenz informed them that Peter wished to be left alone. Wade demanded to see him but SHIELD was apparently determined on respecting this one request Peter had made. In the end Wade calmed down enough that Lorenz stopped threatening him with calling security. She told them a little about Peter's progress, flipping through a file while she did so. Wade was reminded of the HYDRA file they left at the Malibu house.
Wade had handed off the phone to Peter so that he could focus on the road again. When he didn't make a sound Wade got concerned and glanced over at him again. It turned out to be justified because Peter wasn't looking at the phone anymore.
"Peter, are you okay?", Tony asked, pulling Peter out of his own mind and back into the car. He had no idea where he had been the last fifteen minutes but it hadn't been in the present.
"He's doing his best. You know me, taking care of me is a shit job.", Peter finally said, putting on a joking tone, trying he relief some tension. All he wanted was to go in, get his fingers reset and take care of Gwen. They all made their way inside and into the open living space. Peter and Gwen settled on the couch, she still held onto his hand, neither of them were willing to let go of each other for even a second.
"Of course I do. I know how to fly a jet and you think I don't know how to drive a car?", Peter questioned. He sometimes got the feeling that the others forgot that HYDRA hadn't just tortured them day in and day out. They were trained, too, in lots of different fields.
"You're here. ", she stated, not sounding surprised at all, her face was a neutral mask.
"Well, I cut it pretty short at the back and at the sides but left it long on top. Because your curls are cute.", Wade winked.
"So you're not leaving me?", he asked and his voice sounded so heartbreakingly hopeful.
"Did you read it?", he didn't sound accusatory, still maintaining his neutral demeanor. Tony shook his head slightly.
"Did you just quote a meme?", Wade asked excited which was enough to relax Peter slightly.
Peter figured that he'd just have to wait it out. Maybe she'd feel better the next day. When Gwen excused herself and went to bed Peter was a little relieved, as awful as that sounded.
over and over again. Instead he said this:"Yeah, but I stress you out as well, so it's mutual."
"He ripped another subject apart! He killed her with his bare hands on command!"
"And you consider me appropriate?"
"Of course...", Peter smirked but it came of bitter. "I'm the weak link, I snitched on myself.", , he spoke more to himself than Wade, maybe that's why his words made absolutely no sense to him.
The last thing Peter remembered was feeling cold. No, he wasn't cold, he was freezing. And he saw Dr Keipon's face in front of his, then nothing.
"And why would you do that, if I may ask? Is it out of the goodness of your heart?", Peter asked with a faint smile, almost mocking him.
Tony stayed silent for a while after that and for a moment Peter thought he had done it, he had convinced Tony that there was no recovery for him, that he was nothing but an inconvenience in his life.
"Thank you...", that's all he got out, sounding like a fucking idiot. Who replies thank you to something like that? But what else was he supposed to say?
Bucky understood the need to be on your own but Peter couldn't be left to his own devices, not with HYDRA probably still searching for him and not after what had happened just hours prior."We can't just let you go off on your own.", Bucky said, his tone apologetic.
"I said:' What if I don't want them back.'", Peter repeated like a broken record, still not looking at Wade.
Wade couldn't even begin to initiate anything without an endless loop playing in his mind, while his boxes taunted him. It was Peter, on the brink of a panic attack because he dared to ask for space, again and again.
"Peter made a friend!", Bucky exclaimed and Peter had to hide his face in his hands out of embarrassment.
He stormed back into the room expecting that maybe someone broke in, maybe HYDRA somehow found them, maybe- The only thing he saw was Peter, sticking to one corner of the ceiling, his eyes clenched shut.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thing was, he didn't consider Steve as bland or one dimensional but he didn't know him that well either. Thus far Steve had only really been an extension of Peter's father. That might be an unfair assessment but what was Peter supposed to say? He only really managed to build a meaningful connection with one person at a time and it just hadn't been Steve's turn yet.
"Wade?", Peter asked after a while, looking back at Wade.
A single one escaped and trailed down his cheek and it's like that triggered some alarm in the kid's head. Suddenly he jumped out of the bed and for a second Bucky thought that he was attacking him. But instead the kid headed for the corner.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Open the door!",He yelled, staring straight ahead at where he knew they stood. The fire was back, his eyes were red and puffy but he was fucking determined.
"Sleep tight.", was all that Peter heard before the darkness overtook him and all the lights went out.
"You shouldn't have to thank me for that. ", Wade said and Peter smiled slightly, only one corner of his lips lifting up.
"Yes of course, why are you asking?", he asked and Tony gave him an unconvinced look.
"No doubts about that. But it'll work out.", Tony stated, not entirely convinced but hopeful.
"I- I'm sorry- I-", he stammered, reaching for the door handle and opening the door before falling out of the car, backwards.
It was the kind of realization that doesn't help you at all, only leaves you feeling more hopeless. Tony didn't know how to get Peter to believe him when he told him that there wouldn't be any punishments, any pain or humiliation, that he could relax and settle for once. Instead Tony could only watch his son come apart piece by piece right before his eyes, while Peter desperately tried to pick up the pieces and keep up a facade that wasn't there to begin with.
Bucky wasn't used to this, he wasn't used to Steve being the one who was calling him on the verge of tears. Ever since Bucky was saved he was the one who was the emotional wreck. The one that needed to be calmed down and consoled. Steve was always there for him but Bucky never quite felt like Steve needed him. Even when they were young Steve was this determined, unwavering spitfire, he never broke down, until now.
"I don't know what I'm doing. ", Peter finally sighed, his shoulders slumping a bit.
"Yeah, Death's a she.", Wade said with a soft smile before taking a deep breath. He didn't talk about her usually. "I- As you know I can't die.", he started and Peter nodded. "And, basically everytime I die I meet her. I've died... I don't know, hundreds of times, I don't keep track. After a while we got pretty close. Mainly because she took the appearance of my dead girlfriend and that was the closest I ever got to getting her back. It wasn't real though, and I stopped...killing myself for her when I realized that. She'd never admit it but... I think she's still pretty pissed that I dumped her. Whenever I do die these days she likes to mess around with me. It's fine, I can handle it usually but this time-", his voice broke off all of a sudden and his eyes met Peter's. The boy's brows were pulled together, his eyes filled with worry and compassion and suddenly Wade felt something brush against his neck and he needed a second to realize that it was Peter's hand, laid across Wade's chest, gently stroking his skin.
"Peter, you aren't with HYDRA anymore, remember. I saved you, I brought you to your dad's, you moved to Malibu, remember?" It didn't seem to work and Peter was spiraling more and more out of control.
"I'm aware.", he said before taking a drag of the cigarette. He had gotten used to the burning sensation by now.
Probably the latter. It filled him with disgust, every time he kissed Peter he saw fake-Peter on top of him, taking him apart until Wade was a shuddering mess.
He didn't know where he was, he didn't even know if he still existed, he was nowhere, he was nothing.
His hands were in the pockets of his sweatpants, so that the others wouldn't see him shake. He could feel the tender spot of his wrist where he had slashed his own skin hours ago. Peter hadn't lied to Bucky, he didn't want to die, not really. But sometimes he got so worked up that he forgot that. He wasn't sure what he was feeling now. The withdrawal had left him drained, empty. Not in the same way the drugs had. He didn't feel numb and indifferent. He felt
"You're the pastiest boy, I need so much white for your complexion.", MJ remarked, pulling Peter back into the present. "Do you even go outside? You weren't this pale when we last saw each other."
"HYDRA training. He has all the skills of an agent, he just lacked obedience.", Wade supplied before looking up at Tony. "What now? Do something! You're Tony
Gwen looked down for a moment, she chewed on her lip, before returning her focus to the camera. "Something is wrong with me. I'm messed up and I'm dangerous and you- You could've died. I know you don't trust Natasha but she's helping me. Trust in my judgement of her."
"You- You're Peter Stark?!", she stammered, absolutely baffled.
Peter was laying a few feet away from the door, his head in Gwen's lap. He looked... well, truth be told... He looked dead. He was laying in a pool of his own blood, his clothes were soaked in it, his hands stained. Peter's face was a mess of bruises and blood. For a moment Wade thought that he was looking at a body.
"I don't know, how did he even know how to fly it?", Steve shook his head. Tony could feel his chest tighten more and more with every breath. His heart was being crushed and his stomach felt like a bottomless pit. It felt like walking into a bedroom covered in blood, it felt like losing Peter. Again. He couldn't do this.
We're now entering the endgame! The last part of the story! I am so fucking excited and I hope you are, too. I don't know exactly how many chapers are left, probably 5-8 but then we're done. ( Except I'm planning a sequel, lol)
Tony took a deep breath and waited until Peter looked him in his eyes again. "Peter, I saw her when you were....injured. She was devastated. She doesn't hate you. She's probably scared that you will hate her.", he told him honestly. He hoped that Peter would believe him.
"Peter's strong.", Steve said with so much god damn conviction that Bucky wanted to scream at him. Of course he was strong, he had to be, he'd be dead otherwise. He had survived HYDRA, he would survive SHIELD but how much would be left of him in the end? Bucky knew that SHIELD left him a little more broken than before. Would Peter be the same? Would he be worse? Would he ever trust them again? "You couldn't have stopped them.", Steve added and it hurt, it hurt that he was fucking right. They tried to stop them, they all fought for Peter but SHIELD came prepared. In the end Bucky was back on the ground, like he'd been so often in the last decades, powerless. He'd never forget Peter, held down by 5 agents, fighting tooth and nail, not even looking human, just raw animalistic instinct. His voice didn't sound like his when he was yelling between sobs:"YOU PROMISED! YOU PROMISED! I TRUSTED YOU!" Even when they injected him with the tranquilizers and his body started to go limp his eyes still glared at Bucky with so much agony and betrayal. "I trusted you...", he whispered before passing out.
He stormed up to the door of a nightclub, that's what it looked like today and Death was the bouncer. She looked like Vanessa, what a surprise. Wade never got used to the tug that his heart made every time he saw her. He knew that it wasn't really her, but still.
"What the fuck?", Tony asked but suddenly it clicked in Wade's mind.
"Well, I'm already dead, my day can't get much shittier. ", Peter shrugged. He felt a weird sense of detachment that he couldn't yet place his finger on, like something wasn't quite right,  like he was missing something.
"He- he thinks that I'll send him away?", Tony hated how pathetic he sounded but he also felt like he was on the brink of a panic attack. Everything felt so terribly out of control and that was pretty much one of Tony's biggest nightmares.
So they didn't touch, and Wade moved with caution, just like everyone else did. Wade was sure that Peter registered the change in behavior. Especially since the boy continuously observed everyone around him like a hawk.
"What?", Peter stuttered. He hadn't even noticed her creeping up on him. The girl cocked her head to one side and raised an eyebrow before pointing forwards at... a painting of McWay Fall. Peter had been so sunken in thought that he hadn't even noticed that he was staring at it.
Wade wasn't a pessimist, or an optimist for that matter. He was desperate, though, desperate and soft, for Peter. Wade had thrown the whole don't-get-attached-thing overboard a long time ago. Maybe it wasn't there in the first place. He loved easily, way too easily for someone who seemed to kill everything in his reach. Now Peter seemed to be the next life he destroyed in his path. Logically he knew that this wasn't his fault and that Peter's life had been a raging dumpster fire way before Wade ever got his hands on it. But Wade wasn't a creature of logic, his existence wasn't bound to logic, it rarely applied to him and his mind rarely focused on it. Wade wasn't optimistic, someone like him couldn't afford that. He wasnt like Domino. Things didn't just work out for him. But this wasn't about Wade's happiness, it was about Peter and Wade would've never given up as long as there was even a slight chance that Peter was still out there. He was sure of that.
Tony gave him an understanding look and pushed the pot over to Peter. He took the pot gratefully, taking a big gulp out of it. He had gotten a taste for shitty gas station coffee during their roadtrip but this one actually tasted amazing. "Yeah. Thanks. Do you mind if I smoke?", he asked, feeling the pack in the pocket of his pants. Peter wasn't very concerned about his smoking habits. He only smoked every once in a while and it relaxed him better than other alternatives.
"Short at the sides and in the back, long on top", he told Bucky and Bucky went to work.
But busting him out and running off wouldn't have worked either, not in the long run, a fact that even Steve had been conscious off three years ago when he went through something similar with Bucky.
"I wouldn't be that quick to judge. The longer you stand here the more violent I feel." It startled Wade, not the words themselves but that Wade actually believed them.
"Yeah, of course.", Wade shrugged, relieving some of the tension in Peter's shoulders.
"Stop it!", she yelled and now she was the one who was pleading. He almost had here where she needed to be, almost. Peter smiled despite himself. He reach out and cupped her face with his bloody hand, staining her skin.
"Is he here yet?", Wade asked as he walked up to the entrance of the main building where Tony and Steve were waiting. He had arrived a little early and had used the time to dress in civilian clothes again. SHIELD probably wouldn't appreciate his blood soaked suit.
A non-painful one! Or as non-painful as it gets. It's not super fluffy but no one has a mental breakdown in this. Plus, Peter and Bucky start to warm up again. PLUS PLUS, some Bucky feels.
"You'll have to tell him eventually.", Dom just stated stubbornly, crossing her arms in front of her chest.
"Maybe."
want. It doesn't come easily to me.", Peter shrugged, avoiding the question once more. Bucky got the feeling that there was something Peter wanted to ask for but didn't know how to. "Doesn't mean that there isn't anything you want. ", he stated, fishing for the truth. If there was anything that Peter wanted that Bucky could give to him, he'd do it. Peter stared at him, Bucky could tell that he was contemplating, considering if he should trust Bucky enough to tell him his wishes.
"HE ISN'T SOME HYDRA GOON! HE'S MY SON!", he yelled at her but Natasha didn't even flinch. Noise wasn't scary and Tony couldn't hurt her, not physically at least.
"Really? Who is she?", MJ asked, a small smile creeping back onto her face.
"I know that! None of that was his fault but we could've stopped it. If we would've known all about his programming, the code words, we could've prevented that. Secrets kill, Steve." Natasha was desperate, desperate to make them see. " They might've done the same to Peter. This could all be an elaborate plan and he might not even know it."
Bottom line was this, Peter's and MJ's friendship was a good thing. That's why Bucky couldn't help but to worry when Peter later told Bucky:"MJ asked me to go out with her."
Peter said
As Bucky started to check them in, Peter zoned out. He knew the spiel by now. James and Peter Parker rented a room for an indefinite amount of days including meals because Peter's hunger was somewhat insatiable. They paid cash but nobody ever questioned that, nobody questioned their names or identities either. Only a dozen people knew of Peter and Bucky became instantly less recognizable when he wasn't wearing his super suit and when his arm was covered up. They'd get the keys and go to their room and only interact with anyone from the motel again the day they left. That had worked out fine so far, the only exception was that one night in Oregon when Peter's nightterrors turned especially vicious and Bucky couldn't get him to stop screaming. The poor hotel manager thought that someone was getting murdered.
"Then what are you afraid of?", Peter asked, an edge to his voice that was almost cheeky and Wade hated this, he hated the situation, he hated himself for being like this, he hated that he couldn't just reach out and close the distance between them. But he couldn't, not now, not ever.
"Are we still friends?", Peter suddenly asked and he hated how desperate he sounded. He was just terrified that now that he dumped all his shit on her, she'd want nothing to do with him anymore.
Of course a search was organized between the members of the super-squad, and Wade focused everything he had on finding Peter.
"SHUT UP!", he screamed before smashing his fist against the glass so hard that Wade was pretty sure that he heard something crack. His knuckles split open, staining the glass red but he didn't care. This time even Natasha had to take a step back, her mask was slipping away more and more, revealing her own realization. But when the guard reached for his gun she gave him a sign to stand down.
All those things should've been awfully heartbreaking on their own but of course that wasn't all of it. It took him a couple of days to notice it but as soon as he did he couldn't get it out of his head until he finally mentioned it to Steve one night.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter paced around the room he woke up in frantically, replaying everything he said over and over again. "... put a muzzle on me, wouldn't be the first time." Why did he say that? Why did he think that just because he wasn't at HYDRA anymore, he could just say and do what he wanted. His eyes shot towards the door every few seconds, waiting for Rogers or Stark or even Wade to bust in and correct his behavior. A shiver ran down his spine.
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's only natural.", Tony replied because it was. To be honest, Peter seemed to handle it mach better than Tony had expected. He sort of thought that he'd have to drag Peter out of the SHIELD facility and he really didn't want to do that.
Gwen had distanced herself from the group, had curled up in a ball and started to rock while still crying quietly. Bucky was by her side, trying to get her to calm down even though he himself was shaking.
I wanted to warn you that self harm is mentioned in this chapter, it's very brief and not really graphic but I still marked it with this symbol *
"Little Women, I think?", Peter replied. He barely knew anything about it, MJ had chosen it after he told her that he wasn't into horror or action, he just couldn't imagine enjoying movies like that.
"No... don't...", his voice was barely above a whisper but enough to alert Wade. He glanced over at Peter. His expression wasn't as peaceful anymore, eyebrows pulled together into a frown, his lips parted.  The boy was dreaming, by the looks of it, another nightmare.
HUGE TRIGGER WARNING for self harm in this, not extremely graphic but still quite gory. I marked the spot with this symbol * so you can skip it. Please be careful.
A tilt of his head, a nervous breath. "You're scared to break me." It wasn't a question, or an accusation but Wade nodded anyways. Peter's smile didn't falter. "You won't."
He hadn't been himself back then, still wasn't entirely, but he was working on it. He spend so much time trying to be better, but now that he saw this face from his past, all the dread came crashing down on him. He expected them to catch up to him in the end, HYDRA would never let him go, not fully. Now he had to make a decision.
This boy was HYDRA, or at least he used to be. Normally Bucky had no sympathy for HYDRA agents, but this one was different. He was still a kid, and he was dying, or at least it looked like it. Bucky ran through every possible scenario that came after this.
"How will you ever understand my references, if you don't experience it for yourself?", Wade smirked. He sat on one end of the couch while Peter sat on the other, more than enough space between them. That was something they all started to pay more attention to. Giving Peter space. Wade would sit down first and then Peter would choose what he was comfortable with. On some days he was several feet away, on others mere inches but they never touched, nobody touched Peter.
"Gwen?", he asked into the dark, his voice raspy.
"I'll miss you." It slipped out and for a moment Wade thought that he might've crossed a line. He had no idea where the lines were anymore, what Peter was and wasn't okay with.
"Gwen...please- hear me out-", he pleaded, his voice faint, breathless. He managed to roll onto his back. This way he could see the hatred in Gwen's eyes. This didn't seem right.
After the last fluffy chapter it's time for a bit more angst again. Nothing too extreme but there is one part that could be considered gory. It's not vital to the story and I'm going to mark it with this** in case you want to skip it. It's not a lot at all.
"Her name was Gwen.", his voice was faint, followed by silence.
"How reassuring.", Peter remarked sarcastically but he also walked over to the door of the passenger seat.
"Gwen, please-", he wheezed. Breathing was hard. Where had the last bullet hit him? He couldn't remember. Was it an important organ? All organs were important when he didn't have super healing.
"I would never do that.",Tony replied and Wade nodded slightly.
. Trying to make sense of his feelings was so
Bucky looked up at his friend. Dark bruises were blooming on his cheek and throat were the SHIELD agents got him. Bucky knew he had a few himself, judging by the pain his nose was broken and at least two ribs were bruised. He didn't mind the pain, though. Peter once said that physical pain was such an integral part of his life that it turned into background noise. That he didn't notice when he was hurting himself, that he didn't pay attention to the agony of walking around after his plane crash. It was like that for Bucky. Nothing more than background noise.
, and if there was even the slightest chance that she was alive Peter had no choice but to hope.
"It's not that easy! He's home, he's back with his family, he's probably healing or some shit, becoming the person he's supposed to be. How the fuck am I supposed to fit into that picture?", he explained before sitting up again,  his eyes lowered to the ground. "Besides, he made it pretty fucking clear that he didn't need me anymore. "
Peter took that as his go-ahead and pulled out his pack and lit himself one, filling his lungs with the familiar burning smoke.
He went to the kitchen on their floor, making himself Waffles even though it was 1 am. He was too worked up, too wired, he needed to do something. Steve was just finishing up when a soft knock startled him out of his solitude. Peter was leaning in the doorway, dressed in one of Bucky's sweaters, his hair standing in all directions but his eyes awake and focused. "Mind if I join you? I smelled Waffles. ", he asked softly and a smile split on Steve's lips.
He had already woken up in that weird mood. That tiredness that no amount of sleep could relieve. It clung to him, dragged him down, made the simplest tasks unmanageable. Peter leaned his head against the window and watched the scenery pass by while his mind ran on empty.
"Peter? Are you with us?"
Then the door to the bathroom opened, hot steam streaming out. Peter leaned against the doorway, dressed in a large T-shirt that probably belonged to Bucky, his hair wet, his cheeks rosy and damp. "You're awake.", he pointed out, stepping in and throwing himself onto the bed.
Wade braced himself for an argument, that's why he didn't quite understand when Tony nodded and said:"Yeah, okay, we'll get you a room ready."
"She doesn't make friends easily.", Karen, MJ's foster mother once told Bucky, they were sitting at the motel bar while MJ and Peter sat several feet away, MJ was sketching Peter. "She has a tough time relating to others. Peter must be a very special kid."
That's so much more than Wade could've ever even dreamed.
"Hey, it's fine if this is a lot right now, you need to get used to all of this first and that'll take a while. But I want you to know that you're safe now. I won't hurt you and you're not a prisoner anymore, I won't make you do anything that you don't want. Pinky promise!", he stated, holding out his pinky finger. Peter didn't even look at it.
"As if you'd go to me if I let you inside.", she snapped and they both knew that she was right. They both thought of Vanessa. Wade didn't say anything at that and after a while Death just sighed.
At first none of them replied because they didn't know how to. Because it didn't really change anything.  Steve was the first one to open his mouth again. "So you're saying that this is temporary." Rogers, always the optimist.
Peter let out a small chuckle, slightly flustered by all the positivity. "Yeah, and it went pretty well, I mean, at the end she realized she was gay but I think the experience brought us closer together.", he joked.
He tried not to be. He really did. Peter was aware of how clingy and dependant he was. Wade had done enough for him and he deserved a little space. Still, Peter felt like he was loosing Wade and holding on tight didn't seem like an option.
"What? Do you expect me to make it all sunshine and rainbows? What kind of person would I be, if that was how I grew up? I sure as fuck hope I wouldn't have ended up this way.",Peter spat, his words dripping of venom. He glared out the window, his fingers pressed down on the last remains of the scar on his wrist but only for a moment before he stopped himself and clenched his hands into fists instead. "I wouldn't know how to pretend to be a normal person. Better give some reasons for me to be fucked up.", he added and the venom had drained from his voice. Now he just seemed tired. Bucky knew that feeling all too intimately. Peter's emotions were still exhausting him.
Also, what did you think of this one? Did Wade make the right call? How do you think Peter will change now that he has returned from the dead? How will his relationship to Gwen change? Is Death a huge bitch? Tell me in the comments!
"Yes, I promise. ", Wade nodded.
"Did you know? That she didn't want to see me, did you know that?", Peter asked him, still not looking at Tony. He didn't sound like he was feeling betrayed, he just seemed sad.
"He might not be home. I said we'd come later. ", Peter argued as they made their way inside. The stairs to the apartment where inside the bar but Peter visited Wade so often that he was pretty used to Sister Margeret's customers by now and since he 'belonged' to Wade nobody ever bothered him.
Gwen froze, pulling her hand back. This had never happened before, not with Gwen.
"Says who?', Wade asked, challenging her. Eventually she seemed to decide that this conversation wasn't leading anywhere, because it wasn't, and threw her hands in the air in defeat.
Now, he wasn't one to get intimidated easily, other people were usually scared of him, maybe his general appearance had something to do with it, maybe it was the metal arm, so he didn't worry for his safety when he stopped his car by the side of the road to inspect the situation.
Sorry for fucking dying for a month, I don't even know what to tell you. But I'm back and I'm on vacation so I should have a lot of time to write some more.
"People... always have ulterior motives...", there was an exhaustion in his eyes, it made him look so much older than he was supposed to be.
**-summary: Death tells Wade to cheer up and kisses him. Wade fakes a smile and tries to imagine that he's kissing Peter instead. Death tells him to undress and he does. They make out and Wade contemplates if he is in hell. He thinks about Peter and how he'd never treat him like this and comes to the conclusion that Peter is worth the pain.
"That's not what I ment.", Wade tried but Peter made no indication that Wade's words had any meaning to him. He didn't even turn around to face Wade, instead he reached towards the window and drummed against it with his fingers.
"You didn't believe me before, did you? What I told you about me, you didn't believe it.", Bucky realized.
"He's dead... I'm sorry...", Gwen whimpered. Wade barely registered her, barely noticed Tony step out of his suit and fall to his knees beside him.
"I don't know how to even do that.", he then let out a chuckle but it had a bitterness to it. Wade didn't know what to say to that. In certain things he knew exactly how Peter was feeling, in others he had no idea.
"Can I take a picture of you?"
"Oh darling... I warned you.", she shrugged like she wasn't carving out Wade's heart, again. Her hands snaked around his back and pulled him closer down to her until his face was in her shoulder. There wasn't any point in fighting her. "He told me about you, you know? When he came through here. He asked if he'd ever see you again. Isn't that sweet?"
"Sure", he mumbled, stepping into the bath. He didn't let himself hesitate so he didn't even have time to consider what the water would feel like. "It's warm.", he stated before placing his other foot in the water as well.
"Now you sound like a conspiracy theorist. They couldn't have planned this. Wade killed all of their people in that facility.", Tony said.
Here's the thing, being with Wade was easy. Peter could spend hours stressing over the nature of their relationship, why he felt like Wade was keeping something from him, the endless dread that seemed to hang over him like a dark cloud. But once he was with Wade, he was fine, or as fine as Peter could manage to be. His worries were still there but they were muted.
Steve Rogers wasn't annoyed, no, he was way past that. He was downright pissed when he got the call from the receptionist of Avengers Tower. It wasn't the first time that some random kid showed up and claimed to be Peter Stark, it happened so often that Tony probably lost count.
"I won't-", Peter spoke, blood spilling from his lips.
While Wade was cooking Peter pretended to read an online article while (not at all) subtly watching Wade, as always.
"Do you want me to leave?", Wade asked and Peter quickly shook his head.
That actually surprised Bucky. Thus far Peter had counted him in with the people he didn't trust, the people he didn't want to disappoint. What set him apart? "Why me?", Bucky asked and Peter shrugged.
. "Your sarcasm is ice cold when you're like this.", Wade noted and Peter actually smirked at that. There was nothing humorous about it, though. It was just as
"Do you think that I trust you to not hide away somewhere where we won't be able to find you? Because I don't. ", Fury attested and Wade's heart sank...more than it had already.
"I would never do something like that to you.", Wade replied, his mouth dry, his eyes burning.
"What do you mean?", Steve asked, cocking his head to one side slightly. A loose strand of his golden hair brushed against his forehead and Tony was struck with how lucky he was to not be alone in this. Steve Rogers, a fucking treasure.
"Peter?!", Wade screamed back but he didn't get an answer. "We need to get through somehow.", Wade yelled into his comms before launching himself at the guards that blocked the door.
"I'm not afraid of you being mad at me.", Wade stated.
"You don't know what he's like. It's not about how much he can handle. He can handle a lot. I just don't want to be another problem in his life. ", He tried to explain. He really needed to get these two to meet at some point so that Dom could get to know Peter the way he was.
"That since I don't have being-alone-privaleges I had to ask you for permission first but that I was feeling up to it.", he shrugged.
A beat of silence, another one. Natasha just stared at Peter and then at Gwen and finally... "Fine. I'll open the door. "
Steve Rogers was a painter. Peter didn't know why he had been surprised. Steve was a fucking person, of course he had interests outside of being Captain America and Tony Stark's boyfriend. Still, when Peter stumbled upon the studio a month ago, he was baffled.
"She didn't die when Peter attacked her, she was badly injured though. Once she healed they told her that they had to put him down. That sort of broke her spirit. HYDRA apparently decided that using them as leverage against each other wasn't worth the trouble anymore. She thought he was dead until a few weeks ago when she overheard two agents talk about the west base that got corrupted and the subject that got out in the process and that there were rumours that said subject was Peter Stark. The name alone was enough motivation for her to try and break out. She then went to Stark tower because she researched Peter and in connection me and that's where Natasha picked her up.", Tony explained.
When he stepped in there wasn't much out of the ordinary, at first. Kid was on the bed, dressed in one of Bucky's sweatshirts. Kid wasn't short or anything but compared to Bucky he was tiny. The sweater was almost like a dress on him.
"Maybe for a normal person. I'm almost indestructible.", Peter shook his head.
"You're awake.", Gwen stated with no particular tone to her voice. It weren't even her actions that disturbed him, not really. It was the careless, blasé way she went about it.
Wade was still rattled though. He wouldn't deny that it hurt to see Peter so involved with Gwen. They were inseparable. They didn't let go off each other for a second and for someone that could barely get Peter to stand close to him... that was a lot.
"I didn't call myself weak."
"Sorry...sorry I shouldn't laugh... I really shouldn't...", Tony wheezed before slowly calming down. "I really shouldn't laugh because this is heartbreaking, really. I'd rather curl up into a ball and cry forever but then again I don't think that that would help the situation either. I still feel like the biggest jerk for laughing, though. It's just- You're so fucking wrong, it's laughable."
"Okay, call them!", Tony immediately ordered.
He held onto the white sticky strings and launched himself into
, I'm sorry- I- no- ple-ease I- dese- deserve thi-this, I deserve-", finally he stopped scratching but only because his wailing got too uncontrollable. He wrapped his bloody arms around his head and curled in on himself, rocking slightly as sobs wrecked through his body. "I'm- please- make-
Peter was just skin and bones, tall but incredibly thin, his skin was as white as paper and looked like it had never seen the sun and all his features were too sharp, they must've starved him.
"Yeah, sorry, need to focus, need to tell you this... You asked me if I had ever been in love and I said yes.", he went on, his speech started to slur a bit. "I ment you. ", he said and Wade thought that he misunderstood him.
He couldn't afford to fail now either so he forced himself to stay present.
"Peter?", she asked with a silly smile as she stalked towards him.
"I said I'm good. I need to talk to her!", he snapped back and something in his tone made Bucky back down. Peter ran out into the night but he was slowed down by his pain. "MJ wait! Can you slow down? I'm sort of bleeding out right now!", he called after her and that actually got her to stop dead in her tracks, head whipping around to face Peter.
Peter was on a jet. How he got there exactly he couldn't tell. Just that Tony was flying it, Steve sitting next to him.
Death's words rattled through Wade's head, taunting him.
"Nothing. You just make a lot more sense now.", MJ shrugged. Peter didn't like this, he didn't want her to pity him. They turned silent once more, the uncertainty of it all standing between them like a boulder.
"I want to hear it from her. ", Peter stated, glancing up at his father. If he heard it from Gwen herself, he'd believe it. He'd trust her to make her own decisions. Peter also just really wanted to see her.
"Nevermind...", he mumbled before looking at the painting again. Peter was clueless when it came to art but he liked it. The colours were much more vivid then they could possibly be in real life. It was chaotic and wild and beautiful. "I like it.", Peter said, awkwardly. His people skills were never there to begin with and now they were especially rusty.
"And you're really sure that it's Gwen? If you get him here and it isn't her, he'll be fucking pissed off.", Wade pointed out. That was his biggest worry, that if this turned out to be a false alarm, the disappointment would turn Peter even further away from them.
"I wasn't lying by the way.", he then said. "But I kinda get it." Wade raised his eyebrows in surprise which Peter noticed. He looked up at the sky again, away from Wade, as he fiddled with his hands. "I couldn't stand to look at myself. Back at the shop. I didn't try on the clothes because... I can barely look down at myself when I'm wearing clothes without wanting to throw up or sob or some shit like that. You said it yourself, I look like a fucking corpse. "
Also, I hope you enjoy this one and leave a comment!
"I don't know what good cornering him right now would do but I'd ask Bucky to be sure. He seems to be the only one of us who has the slightest idea how to handle this. ", Tony replied.
Then they found the Quinjet.
"Okay?", Peter repeated, just to be sure and Tony nodded.
"Peter...?", she gasped horrified, finally getting off of him and instead crawling to his head, carefully lifting it onto her lap.
"What do you mean by that?", he asked, a quiver in his voice.
Natasha didn't bat an eyelid. She didn't back down. "I know. But I still want to tell you that I won't let the same thing happen to Gwen. I'll help her, I'll take care of her, I promise."
"Since the 40s.", Bucky shrugged, releasing a cloud of smoke into the air that curled around his face before disappearing into the night sky.
The memory was crystal clear in his mind. Back then he didn't know what was to come. He didn't even know if he'd survive the night but he'd been okay, less afraid. Peter wished that he could go back to being that way. At least he still had the memory. Something SHIELD hadn't taken from him. Something to hold on to.
.", he then said.
and his suicide attempt had most likely been because of the withdrawal, but even before this whole mess Peter had been prone to self destructive behaviour. " You can hold onto me the whole time, if you want. I just want to be outside.", Peter then said and that look was back in his eyes, the desperation, the pleading. Bucky was so god-awfully soft.
Better leave with your head held high instead of overstaying your welcome. Wade let out a chuckle, forced himself to relax and put on a nonchalant act. "Oh come on, Spidey. You think Imma get all sappy just because you ain't got a rose for me?", he smirked and Peter shrugged nervously, his eyes cast down.
"Maybe Peter should stay over and keep you company. ", she then suggested with a conspiratory grin. Peter gave Wade a look, curious too see what he would reply, but once he did Peter wondered what else he had expected.
Anyways,  this chapter is pretty dark so watch out for that, I also updated the tags so check that out.
"I feel like I haven't even really seen you ever since I woke up.", Peter pointed out and Wade knew what he ment. Peter had been pretty preoccupied with Gwen and Wade was preoccupied with keeping himself from asking Peter, if he still remembered that he told Wade that he loved him.
A week ago Peter had died.
Peter rolled with his eyes but his smile didn't fade.
"You're wrong.", Steve said, stepping back from her car as she started the engine. For a moment he thought she'd just drive off but then she looked up once more and Steve knew that the sadness in her eyes was real.
damage they did yet...it was all so heartbreaking.
"The file you mentioned, have you read it?", Natasha asked once Tony was finished. He looked up from his hands, his eyes still a bit glassy. Natasha hated this, she hated that she had to make it worse.
"They?", Bucky asked, sensing where Peter was heading but asking for confirmation.
The boy, whoever he was, looked awfully neglected, he looked like he was starving and like he was about as stable as a house of cards. His companion seemed fine, and quite chipper. Steve didn't trust him.
"I figured."
"Wanna join me?", MJ asked after a moment, letting herself float.
"Wade, can I ask you something...?", Peter then asked, giving Wade a nervous glance.
. That's what Wade told himself. Peter was only this apathetic shell because he was on drugs and once he'd get them out of his system he'd go back to normal.
"Well, there isn't a lot that you like, kid.", Tony smirked, the warmth back in his tone, his face, his eyes.
He was worried about his father and Steve who had returned to their jobs as Avengers and were now called away to earth threatening catastrophes every couple of weeks.
"What-?"
Peter let out a huff and rolled with his eyes. Then he stared at the sky again. "Maybe not yet. But that doesn't change that I'm afraid of you all growing tired of me. That doesn't change that I'd always force myself to behave, so that I won't disappoint you. I know you're all well-meaning but I don't have the energy for that right now." He wrapped his arms around himself, holding himself together. "I just don't want to be Peter Stark right now." He sounded pained and defeated. And
"Yeah. You seem shook.", Peter nodded. Wade had started teaching him internet culture.
"Not if it means hurting you.", he replied and she smashed his head against the floor, almost making him pass out from the impact.
If he hadn't spend several days face to face with him, Wade would think that it had something to do with his mask being off. Then again, maybe Peter was embarrassed by him.
. But it just hurt so much. He screamed until his voice was sore, he thrashed until the straps broke the skin of his wrists. Peter hadn't even noticed that they had taken off the straitjacket. Agent Lorenz came into view and he begged her for mercy, he cried and hated himself for every tear he spilled, they felt like acid, running down his cheeks, betraying him, showing how weak he was.
Anyways, let me know how you liked this one!
"- don't you think he's been-"
"Peter are you with us?", Wade asked and Tony could hear a quiver in his voice. Peter's eyes moved, they met Wade's. Nothing more, nothing else changed, he just looked at him. "How are you holding up, baby-boy?", Wade asked and the desperation in his voice hurt. Peter didn't reply. He just let his eyes drift away, like the conversation didn't catch his interest.
Still, I love Natasha personally, especially with her flaws and she'll come around later.
He feared that maybe the boy was already asleep, but he was met with the same intense state as before. He set the food down on the nightstand. The boy only touched it once he returned to his chair. It seemed to be neutral territory.
"Tony?", Steve tried to hide the quiver in his voice.
At the mall they just entered the first clothing shop they came across. Peter had gotten a little better with the presence of other people but he was still scanning. Scanning for threats. Gwen just followed him around, watching him like a hawk. It was a little disconcerting.
"Obviously it didn't work out. As I said, I heal.", Peter smirked slightly. It didn't seem bitter but that didn't help to calm Wade down.
"And instead you ran into me, sorry kid. Just the consolation prize.", Steve smirked and Peter pulled a face.
"Take care of yourself, you two.", Karen called out, her face pulled into a worried frown. Peter didn't know how much Bucky had told her about them but she still seemed to care which he appreciated.
"Yeah, Karen made me do it.", she replied her tone as bored as her expression, she gestured into the general direction of the counter where Bucky was still talking to Karen. "It isn't my usual kind of motive."
"Hey baby-boy, word on the street is that you're having a bit of a rough time.", Wade tried to sound as gentle as possible and to his relief a weak smile pulled at the corners of Peter's lips.
"First of, I have no idea what tumble is."
(See the end of the chapter for
Wade made waffles. Even if Peter didn't state it, the way he shoveled them down on a daily basis indicated that this had become his favorite food.
"Nah, we're taking the HYDRA mobile.", Wade said after he pulled his bag out of the wreckage. "It's our best bet and even if it's tracked, so are you, so it doesn't really make a difference. They will find us anyways.", he explained before opening the door to one of the jeeps.
"And you must be MJ. The girl that kissed my man. Did you like it?", Wade asked with a grin and MJ smirked at that.
"I'm sorry for what I did to you,  I'm sorry that I can't face you right now. I need to do this by myself but I will always love you. I'm counting the days until we will be reunited."
"Well, the people that care about you are glad about that. ", Wade smiled.
"Are you sure?", Wade asked at which Peter rolled his eyes.
"It izz what it izz.", He sighed before attempting a smile that MJ saw right through.
"Wait, is this a date?", Bucky then asked, maybe he was just being stupid and Peter was completely aware of what he was getting into, though Bucky doubted it.
"Natasha!", Tony bit out, a warning in his tone, the nervousness was gone. Agitation had taken it's place.
.", Peter cut him off shaking his head. "Don't
For a second Peter didn't see anything but blinding light. Then, he was standing in a living room. The room didn't look familiar but it also didn't look quite real. It was warm and inviting in an ethereal way, golden light was streaming in through the windows, giving everything a serene glow.
"I know... I just- we had a pretty good day. And I didn't want to ruin it with my stupid nightmares. I didn't want to disappoint you...", Peter sighed, dropping his head, staring at his bare feet.
"Yeah! I mean, I don't know you all that well personally but I googled you. You're a fucking hero, saved the world multiple times. Everybody loves you. Sounds like a good person to me. "
Maybe he was dying after all. Maybe it just took a while. Maybe Peter had finally used up his body. He felt like he should care more, or at all. He didn't. He was dying, he was pretty sure this time around. It wasn't as scary as it used to be. Maybe that's how you know that you're ready, when it isn't scary anymore.
"You look like a deer caught in headlights.", Peter then smirked, no, smiled, an actual smile and Wade noticed for the first time that Peter had the tiniest dimples when he smiled.
Hey! I hope you enjoyed this one! I really can't wait to continue this story, especially since my boy Bucky is in the game now.
"Shit. Where will you go?"
Peter wasn't dying, or he was but not that easily. It was a curse that he knew of but got surprised by over and over again anyways.
"And hello to you, too, Peter.", Natasha greeted him, a sarcastic tone to her voice.
"I would never.", Peter said sarcastically and now Wade had to smile as well. With that he finished Peter's haircut and brushed away the loose hairs that stuck to his neck and his clothes.
Something was wrong here. Usually Peter could barely hear his own thoughts over the sound of, well, everything. He could hear the whole base, hundreds of voices, footsteps, laughter, all blending together into one agonizing headache. Right now everything was silent. It was disturbing.
"You'd stay with me, or I'd stay with you. I've been at this point, I know the signs, I could stop you, if it gets bad.", he tried and for a second there was a spark in Peter's teary eyes that hadn't been there before.
"What did you do to him, you psycho?!", another voice asked, clearly Wade, clearly furious as hell. He had been right, about everything. Peter tried to ignore that fact for now. He had been an asshole, a blind asshole and he knew that but right now he really had no time for that.
, like Vanessa, everyone always died except for Wade,
Don't fucking
Suddenly he stopped, his eyes on Wade, big and lit up with frustration and pain but also something else. Something soft and bittersweet. Something like need.
"And also...", Peter went on, closing his eyes for a moment before taking a rattling breath.  "For not being braver, for being a coward, for waiting until it's too late. ", he said, sounding apologetic and bitter and Wade had no idea what he was talking about.
"What?", he asked, overwhelmed with seeing her like this. Vulnerable and miserable and... sad.
"Karen's your mom?" Peter didn't want to be rude, but MJ and Karen looked nothing alike. For starters, Karen was white.
"What type?", he asked as casually as possible, which probably wasn't casual at all.
Peter softly shook his head. "No. I was awake already.", he said before slipping out of the bed. The boy then suddenly stopped and Wade could see why, he was staring at his bandaged wrist. The white bandage was soaked with red in a way it shouldn't be, considering Peter's healing abilities. "Shit...", Peter sighed before his eyes shot up to meet Wade's. God, how he hated the fear that he found in Peter's eyes. "I didn't mean to, I swear.", he quickly said, his voice already quivering slightly. Wade felt another storm approach and he really wanted to avoid that.
"You can handle me if I'm a fucked up weirdo but not if I'm into drugs?", Peter asked, trying to go for a joking tone but this time MJ didn't join in.
"What? No!", she exclaimed, clearly upset, backing away now.
"I thought we had time- I'm sorry, I was wrong- but I need you to know-", Peter mumbled, his eyes already half shut. Wade couldn't lose him, not now, not ever,  his heart couldn't take it.
"Wade-", Peter asked but Wade ignored him  and got to work on the collar instead. Trying a couple of common number combinations.
Make me strong, could lift a truck
"And if that doesn't work?"
That was one thing they had in common. The other was sleep. Once Kid was mostly healed, he did a 180 and barely slept at all and Bucky didn't force him to. They would both stay awake into the early hours of the morning until one of them dozed off.
Peter still had his back turned towards him but he raised his head a little. "Because I'm leaving.", he replied. Wade couldn't read Peter's tone, it was rattling, void of any emotion.
"I made a friend who is very into internet culture.", Peter stated proudly. "Apparently I have a type. ", he then added with a shrug and Wade's heart skipped a beat.
It was too fucking casual for a boy that spend a whole week silent. "Well, nice to meet you! Since when can you speak?", Bucky asked with a laugh. It wasn't joyfull or funny, it was the kind of laugh you do when you don't knows what else to do.
But still don't give a single fuck."
"How fast can we be in LA?", he asked Bucky.
Wade was surprised, he didn't have time to think that far yet but it did make sense. "Well, if it's somewhere inside you we can't really do anything about it right now. Your dad will have to take care of that once we get there."
"Tony, listen-", he started but he didn't get very far.
"We'll wait for the results, they should be ready in a few minutes, we'll think of something to do after that.", Steve said and he ment it. The fact that this wasn't Peter Stark didn't mean that he didn't deserve care.
"We don't know for sure if she's HYDRA, she could've been distressed, she could've just needed to get out. Would you really put it past Peter to take the jet.", Steve wondered out loud, ever the optimist. Wade wished that it were that easy, that Peter just decided to take Gwen out for a bit but he couldn't imagine it.
"Oh...sorry... if you need me to leave-", he stammered but MJ cut him off before he could ramble on even more.
"Whatever I want?", he clarified, still staring at the menu.
When Tony said that they'd take it from here, he refused to leave. At first Tony thought he'd want a reward, money or such. But no.
then he let his eyes wander through the room until they landed on Steve. "I don't know. I'm okay, I think. Just, things usually don't stay okay for long. I wish I could just relax and enjoy it but- I'm always waiting for the other shoe to drop. For you all to change your mind on me, to see me as I see myself."
"Who cares if he'll forgive you! I'd rather have him hate me than lose him completely!", he snapped, his voice nasty, dripping with venom.
"Peter?!"
Wade needed a second to catch himself but he wouldn't let Peter throw him off his rhythm just because he felt like imploding right now. "Okay, you wanna talk about this? Let's talk about it. Why are you sabotaging yourself?", he asked, his tone sharper than intended.
"No, no... that can't be true, please tell me she's lying..."
"For what."
Those were the trigger words the woman listed. Bucky nodded along but Steve, Tony and Wade heard them for the first time. Peter had never allowed them to read his file. Wade wondered what the words ment or if they had any meaning at all.
"Hey Peter, when you're seeing this you're probably trying to break into SHIELD headquarters to get me out or something. I know this will be hard for you to understand but I went here willingly and I have no intention of leaving before I'm fixed. ", she started to speak and Peter was startled by the determination in her voice. That's how Peter knew that this was real, that nobody was forcing her to say this.
"We're not, but she's being co-operative and we need her to get anywhere here. She wants to help.", Steve sighed and Peter narrowed his eyes at him, cocking his head to one side.
"Did you tell him you feel like that?", Tony asked.
"I'm just glad you're okay- I'm- Am I interrupting something?", he asked, glancing over at MJ who also got up now. It didn't go past Peter how she wrapped her towel tighter around herself.
"Yeah, we can go to SHIELD if that's what you need.", Tony agreed. So that's how they ended up in the lobby of the NY facility two days later, with Peter counting the seconds.
"No.", she said too quickly, wiping at her face. "Shut up.", she added so Peter did but the fond smile didn't leave his face.
Tony tried to ground himself, he tried to take in his surroundings. Steve was chewing on his lips nervously, his hand was in Tony's, strong and reassuring. Bucky was smoking a cigarette. Tony did a double take. He didn't know that Bucky smoked. Maybe it was a nervousness thing. Wade had dressed in normal clothes but with a sweater that had the hood up. He hid away in it. Tony could see his lips moving ever so slightly, like he was mumbling something. He couldn't hear anything though.
"I'm sure that they have waffles in heaven.", Wade said softly. Peter chewed on his lip for a moment and there it was again, that bittersweet smile of his. So much more authentic, so much more heartbreaking. "It wouldn't be the real thing, though. It wouldn't be...", his voice trailed off and Wade raised his eyebrows in question.
"I should really go now.", Peter said after a moment of silence. "See you tomorrow?", He then asked.
He went numb, everything faded away and the next time he woke up he was in his cell. agent Lorenz called it his room. agent Lorenz called herself his go-to-person. Peter hated her. She said all that with a smile and Peter hated her even more because of it. It was a cell. She was his handler. He knew how these things worked.
"Wouldn't be what?"
"Wait, are you panicking?" Peter had trouble differentiating between MJ's voice and the ones in his head.
Finally the boy closed his eyes. That wasn't it, though, his whole body went slack and he almost fell over if it weren't for Deadpool who caught him. "Fuck, Peter... you're with me?", the stranger cursed, holding the boy up by his shoulders.
Bucky's eyes widened comically. "Where did you get that shirt?", he asked surprised.
Tony couldn't yet confront everything that he was feeling in that moment. Hope, relief, decade old grief, joy, heartbreak, rage, despair, confusion, love. All of it was filling up his mind until his head felt like it was about to burst. Add that to the wave of guilt, the knowledge that his son had been alive this whole time, going through hell, and there was never even a real search for him, Tony felt like he was being crushed under an avalanche of pain.
Funnily Peter did actually know how to swim. It had been part of their training. That didn't mean that he enjoyed going anywhere near water. "As in I don't like water.", he clarified.
"I don't care!", Tony spat in her face. Wade's eyes searched the room for Peter and found him in one corner, hunched over, eyes unseeing.
Wade sighed but kept his eyes on the road. "Ahh, they experimented on you, huh? That sucks, trust me, I know. "
"What-? Why?", Peter stammered. How the fuck did Tony figure this out before even Peter did? Was he that obvious?!
"This is not fucking real, this can't be happening. ", he whispered and started to shake his head. He must've looked pretty frantic because Bucky came to his side and laid a hand on Wade's shoulder that he flinched away from.
Ahhhh, sorry about this one.
"Don't kink-shame me!", Wade exclaimed, grabbing the toy and tucking it under his own arm.
"We're going over to his place now and I'll watch you two together and then I'll tell you if he's full of shit or if you're just being paranoid. ", MJ explained and her tone left no room to argue so Peter didn't.
"It's okay..." Wade's voice was so godawfully soft and sweet and Peter didn't deserve any of it.
Not sure if it'll happen in the next few chapters but I have plans and they are not fun, not for Peter or any of the people he loves. ANGST FOR EVERYONE! Can you guess what it is?
"Are you-", Gwen started to ask at the same time as Peter asked:"Why didn't-"
"I won't push you. But you know you can tell me.", Peter said before separating himself from Wade, rolling back onto his back. Wade tried to ignore the empty space that Peter left, the sudden void.
It didn't convince Natasha, though. She just narrowed her eyes at Steve before saying:"We're a team. We can't afford to have secrets."
Tony let out a sigh. He had expected this sort of thing. Peter was really complicated when it came to opening up, so suggesting therapy was tricky. "They are a professional, Peter. They are trained to help you with your...", Steve's voice trailed off and Peter raised an eyebrow.
He must've done something wrong. "I'll apologize if I'm such a bad kisser, it's my first time.", Peter said in an attempt to make her feel better.
"What?!", both Wade and Gwen exclaimed but Bucky gave Peter a knowing smile.
"I can't imagine anyone not liking waffles. They are amazing. You'll love it!", Peter replied once he was sure that she wouldn't say anything. He got two plates out of the cupboard and placed them at the table where Gwen cautiously took a seat. Then he placed a waffle on each plate before returning to the kitchen to get something to drink.
Steve only realized that it was supposed to be a joke when Wade smirked as well and replied:"Yeah, we don't want you getting any ideas and start to become a brat."
"So, any plans, now that the two of you are reunited? Big reunion tour? Another soul-finding roadtrip?", he asked cheerfully, stuffing his face with waffles.
"You'll need a lot of sleep. I know I did. I didn't get out of bed for days so you're already doing better than me. ", Bucky remarked with a smirk before pulling something else out of his backpack. A pack of cigarettes. He took out one, placing it between his lips before lighting it and taking a drag.
They were sitting in their bed, theirs legs entangled under the blanket, both on separate laptops. That's what their nights turned into in the past few days, researching severe trauma in teenagers, trying to understand this kid a bit better.
Peter rolled with his eyes and took a deep drag of it as if he was trying to irritate Tony on purpose. He then released the smoke before saying:"I don't want to hear it." His harsh eyes then turned towards Wade and Wade swore that his glare softened a little. "Hey Wade, I didn't know you'd be here...", he said, sounding less sharp and a bit awkward.
"Kidding! I was kidding, don't worry!", Peter exclaimed with a forced smile. "It's fine."
"There's a nicotine kick that sets in at first. People enjoy that. ", Bucky explained and soon Peter felt what he ment. It was weird a thing. It wasn't a huge change, Peter just felt slightly...calmer, somehow focused and fuzzy at the same time, all in all just a little lighter.
. Bucky threw himself against it a couple of times, using his metal arm as a battering ram. "Get it open!", Wade snapped but the door wouldn't budge. It's almost like Stark build this house with super soldier inhabitants in mind.
Peter pressed his lips together and glanced down for a second before meeting Wade's eyes again.  And then... Then Wade felt Peter's hand cover his own where it was resting between them. And not just a brush, no, it lingered.
"Are you serious? What? Because I'm a woman I can't pay for myself? That's super outdated.", she stated her tone sharp and Peter immediately felt bad. He could tell that he offended her but not really why and it was stressing him out right away.
"You had friends at HYDRA?" It wasn't exactly an accusation but it felt like one. Peter felt the need to justify his alliances.
"Wade, the guy that found him, it's complicated but he spoke to Death and she told him that Peter died.", Steve explained and Bucky glanced over to the livingroom where Peter sat, very much alive. "I just don't know how to pull Tony out of this, he barely started confronting Peter's first death. Losing him again...I don't know if he can bare it. "
"We have to do the treatment, Tony. Consider it one less thing you need to worry about. Without HYDRA's conditioning none of you have to worry about him getting activated again. Afterwards you'll have all the time in the world to patch him up. "
"Shit, I mean, I do, too but that's insane.", she smirked before taking a bite of her burger as well.
"Give him what he asks for.", Bucky replied. Steve gave him a look, like he wasn't entirely convinced that that was a good idea. Bucky hated it. Hated that the others didn't trust Peter with his own life right now. And he hated that he couldn't trust Peter either, not entirely. "He needs to see that we respect him. That we'll let him take control. After this week he'll have a hard time believing that. He won't trust us.", Bucky said instead, because it was also the truth. They might have a hard time trusting Peter with himself, but Peter had every right to not trust them at all. Getting back that any trust he used to have would be a herculean task.
Peter was fuming, his heart was racing. He made his way to his bedroom, struggling to not slam every door on the way. He couldn't fucking believe it. Why would Wade even suggest something like this, after everything Gwen went through? Why would he-
Bucky's eyes shot from Peter to MJ and back to Peter before he nodded slightly. "I'll go back to the room. But we need to talk about this.", he said before turning on his heels and making his way back to the motel.
"Fight back!", she snapped before slapping Peter across his face and this time she sobbed desperately. Like she needed him to give her a reason to kill him. She shouldn't have the need for a reason.
gay? Was Peter fucking with Wade? Or not? Wade didn't know what to make of this, only that Peter looked good, he looked like he was doing so much better and in the end that was all that really mattered.
"No. Let him finish. You've got something to say? You want to play the hero?", the man asked with a nasty laugh that sent shivers down Peter's spine. As much as he wanted, he couldn't back down now, he just couldn't let this guy get away with this.
When they arrived at the house they all piled out of their cars. Peter felt Gwen freeze beside him, staring up at the gigantic mansion.
Even right now when his body and brain were on fire. Even when every step seemed to shake another piece of him loose until he was only a pile of broke pieces, unable to go forward, he was still there, lurking in every dark knuck and cranny of his mind.
He was alive.
Bucky chuckled slightly at that, but it didn't feel exactly real, more like stalling until he came up with the answer. "Ahh. I think Steve is actually more suited to answer that. The... culture shock was much bigger for him I think. At least from what he told me. I was busy struggling with myself, how much the world had changed was the least of my problems.", he finally admitted. Peter thought about it for a moment and it made somewhat sense.
It took a week of begging and another week of extensive background checks but Tony eventually allowed MJ to come over to Avengers tower for a month. She was still in the middle of her gap year and together they managed to convince Karen that visiting New York and looking at some possible colleges there was beneficial.
"I'm- I'm sorry, look, I needed the money but if- if you let me go I won't make any problems!", he pleaded, hiding behind his raised hands.
"No, this is huge! Peter asking for something? Fucking miracle. And I'm sure that it's your doing to a large extent. You did good, Barnes."
. I just... I don't remember asking for you, I don't remember... I don't know how much time passed... whatever. The point is, I need you and I know that I have no right to ask you to stay here just because I'm
"Peter we've been over this, why would she hate you?", he asked and Peter was aware that they had talked this through dozens of times but he couldn't help but to feel the dread.
Wade grabbed the boy, careful not to hurt him and pulled him off the wall. It was surprisingly easy and suddenly Peter was curled up in Wade's arms. He stopped screaming, whimpering instead while his whole body trembled violently. Wade wasn't sure which one was worse.
"FRIDAY, scan the building, what are we working with?", Tony asked as the jet hovered above the abandoned factory premises. He had dressed up in his suit by now as well and they were preparing to land.
"Well, she did sort of return the favour on that one.", Tony shrugged and Peter couldn't help but to roll with his eyes.
"Yeah?"
"But why? I told her that I forgave her. I told her that there was nothing to forgive! ", Peter exclaimed and he seemed desperate.
Wade didn't know what to say to that. He didn't know how to behave at all. "You know, this isn't permanent.", he tried, carefully.
"You don't enjoy them, you deepthroat them.", Wade snapped back, his tone sharp. Peter now understood that he was only joking so he laughed and made one himself. That's what normal people did, right?
"No, don't worry, it's fine.", he said, even though it obviously wasn't. Tony could tell by how Peter crossed his arms, held himself, his shoulders hunched and defensive. They were all silent for a second, suffocating with uncertainty. "I'm sorry, for what I did- ", Peter started and of course they all wanted to jump to his defenses.
Wade couldn't take it anymore. He let himself fall to his knees in front of Peter and pulled him into his lap as gently as he could. Peter didn't struggle against his arms, he went completely slack and while Wade was well aware that Peter was strong enough to break both his arms, if he wanted to, he also knew that this could be a sign of exhaustion or submission, not trust. Still, it was the only thing he knew how to do so he hoped that he wasn't doing more damage as he gently rocked Peter in his arms, repeating an endless loop of 'it's okay, you're safe, no one will punish you'.
"-not your son.", he finally said, he had lost the edge in his voice by now. "Not the one you lost, anyways. And I'm not a kid. To be quite honest, I don't think I'm even a person. " Peter felt defeated in his admission but it was also a slight relief, to lay it open like this.
"You, too.", he returned before getting into the car. Bucky started the engine and off they were.
it was the hottest thing Wade ever saw.
"I'd rather have you hate me than pretend to feel something you don't. ", Wade replied, his voice laced with bitterness.
The blue jeans were fine, pretty loose and only held up with a belt on Peter's narrow hips, they were cuffed at the bottom. The secondhand sneakers were okay too, comfortable, Peter wasn't sure if he ever wore shoes before.
Death had two rules. Rule one was not mentioning Peter or Vanessa. She was a jealous beast and liked to pretend that Wade chose to be with her.
"Her backstory doesn't make any fucking sense!", he snapped right back and Peter was so taken aback that he got to his feet, throwing his cigarette to the floor and stomping it out.
"For fucks sake, Peter!", MJ groaned before they both suddenly broke out in laughter.
"Bucky...", Tony sighed, ready to object. Bucky wasn't having it.
"They're coming for me-", he realized, until now he wasn't sure if he truly believed it.
Wade was about to say something like:"Yeah. Like you." But then they heard a panicked call from the hallway.
Natasha was saying something, Tony was saying something.
"Yeah, really. ", Wade smiled and so did Peter. Once again his eyes lowered and he looked at Wade's lips and Wade couldn't believe his luck.
Also, thank you so much for all your kind comments, I'm blown away by how many people are reading this, it's insane to me, thank you so so much!
"I- I woke up and y-you were gone and I thought-", Gwen stammered breathlessly before her voice fizzled out.
Bright warm light, no pain, no suffering, you know the drill, Wade was dead. He was on a train station facing Peter but it was the perfect wrong version of Peter that Death liked to put on.
. A date is typically not two friends going out but two people who are
GUESS WHO ISN'T DEAD!
"Peter, where are you going?", she asked, a quiver in her voice as he headed towards the window.
"I said put your gun down.", he stated, his tone sharper this time. The pain helped him to focus, pain had always been an instrument that made him perform.
"Please...", he whispered and it sounded like he was begging. When Tony didn't say anything right away Peter's focus shifted. His eyes found Bucky's "Please?", he asked again, his eyes full of desperation.
You can also just say hi if you want! As always I'm thrilled to hear what you think about this chapter!
Peter *praying*: I need someone to be my friend...maybe send me an angel. The nicest angel you have.
"Ask me how I liked my road trip. ", Peter ordered.
"Just be honest with me, tell me what we're working with.", she said and Peter was ashamed at how relieved he was that she still considered them a team. It had always been the two of them against the world.
Thing is, Wade wasn't.  He knew that this would happen, he knew exactly how this would end but he'd still fucking do it all. He'd stick around and watch Peter become happy with someone else because Peter deserved it, even if Wade couldn't be the one to make him happy.
"You're blind.", she bit out, her voice slightly less controlled.
"So, your therapist agrees with me?", Steve asked, not even a bit intimidated by Tony's agitation. He actually sounded like he was teasing Tony. That's why he loved Steve. He didn't scare easily, he didn't take any of Tony's bullshit, he didn't back down.
Peter needed to get out. Focusing on his senses helped but he still felt trapped, still felt like the walls were caving in on him. So he got up as quietly as possible, careful not to wake Bucky. He took his phone and the keys to the room with him and when he passed by Bucky's jacket he dared to slip his hand into the pockets and pull out the pack of cigarettes. He didn't want to wake Bucky and unsettle him.
"We're keeping it under wraps for now. A handful of people, not more. Us three and a couple of friends.", Tony said.
With that he turned around and left the lab, he made it to the elevator before he finally covered his face with his hands, his heart racing.
Steve was pretty damn sure that Fake-Peter was about five seconds away from either completely freaking or passing out.
"Well, someone's hungry, I guess.", she stated awkwardly before quickly making her way back to the counter.
"Don't worry, I'm kidding. No bad blood.",Steve quickly clarified.
Wade stared at his phone for a moment. His boxes got right to work, spelling out each one of his worries in detail but Wade didn't care. He was seeing Peter again.
"Peter I need you to calm down, you're spiraling.", Wade's voice was calm and Peter noticed that Wade had pulled over to the side of the road again. None of that helped him, though.
Right now it looked like the entrance to a theme park, in the distance he could see a rollercoaster. Wade had no idea why it looked that way, it always seemed quite random.
For the second time this day his body moved without a command, he turned around but instead of running he threw out his arms and there it was, the web fluid shooting out of the little holes in his wrists into the trees of the forest in front of him.
Tony looked like he wasn't going to hear it, he looked like he was fucking fuming, actually. The Captain was close when it came to anger but there was a bit of betrayal in his eyes.
"Love that!", Wade exclaimed and Peter couldn't hold back the smile any longer.
"Deal. Whatever you say, just bring him back. ", he agreed and a smile split on Death's lips. She pressed her forehead against his and Wade stopped himself from flinching back.
It was all so terribly familiar, Bucky still slipped into doing it sometimes. He'd rather endure whatever anyone did, even if it made him uncomfortable, even if it made him sick, than asking them to stop.
He drove him to a store to get him some real clothes and he just let Wade pick out stuff for him, he didn't even try them on, just went straight to the registry. "Aren't you gonna change, too?", Peter then asked after Wade paid the clothes and they went back to the car.
"He- he shouldn't be left by himself if possible. I don't know if you noticed..."
"Don't do that to yourself." The neutral tone was completely gone and bitterness took it's place.
"Nah, I put them in there.", Bucky replied and glanced over to find that Peter had abandoned all CDs but one.
"So this is it, huh?", he asked, looking back outside into the bright unknown.
"Aching, rebirth," Peter was dizzy, from the pain, from the bloodloss- "frost, golden," How long had he been here? How long until his family arrived? How long until- "trust, time," He registered the words, they still struck fear in him but what was a drop of fear in a sea of panic- "dusk, revelation," They didn't work, not anymore- "twice, son.", Keipon finished and Peter was still himself. As much as he'd rather be anyone else right now, it was still a relief in a way. The trigger words didn't work anymore. He was free, or at least his mind was. Peter would die as himself.
"He isn't ready.", he persisted.
Someone said his name and Peter wanted to be gone. He wasn't allowed to leave. He had to stay to get better. SHIELD would make him better and maybe he could live then. Maybe he could stop being toxic.
The smile returned to Keipon's face,
He sounded on edge, nervous for Bucky's answer. Bucky thought about it. He thought about how much it'd hurt Tony, to see Peter leave once more, how Wade would feel. He thought about the responsibility of taking care of Peter's mental and physical health alone. He thought about all that could go wrong.
"What, like a self help meeting?", Wade smirked and Peter took that and ran with it.
b) He could call an ambulance. That was risky for multiple reasons. On the one side he couldn't know if the boy was on the run from HYDRA. If he contacted any kind of authority they might get wind of this. Especially if they were already searching for him. Bucky also had to think of the safety of the hospital personnel. Maybe the kid wasn't in his right mind, he could lash out. Option b) was anything but ideal so he moved on to the third.
That's how Peter found himself outside for the first time in weeks. As promised they paced along the beach, right where the water met the land. Tony was keeping a few feet distance while Peter walked through the water barefoot.
"Grand canyon. I thought you might like it there. I know I always wanted to see it, even back in the 40s but we couldn't afford it. During the war Steve always said he'd take me one day.", Bucky explained and he couldn't help but to crack a hesitant smile. He saw himself and Steve in some bar somewhere in Europe, he couldn't remember where it was, only that they were on a leave, the last one Bucky got, the last one for the both of them. But they didn't know that yet. Didn't know how little time they had left and they made plans. They were like children, naive and hopeful.
"Has a teacher ever asked you, if you had any questions and you didn't have any, not because you were already an expert in the subject but because you had no idea what you didn't know yet?", he asked Tony.
. It was an awful thought but Wade still couldn't let go of Death's words. Even though she'd lied to him, even though he had no reason to believe anything she said, he couldn't deny that it felt like it. Like they were running out of time. Wade had been sure that Peter could recover, that he would. Eventually. Because he was so fucking good and he was willing to try. Try to push himself. Try to trust them. Try to live. But that was before. Repeating his trauma, ripping these tender wounds open... Wade was afraid that it'd do irreparable damage. That it might push Peter too far, to a place were they couldn't reach him. He tried not to think that way but he couldn't help it.
Wade knew that something was wrong the moment Steve returned to the living room with Peter in tow and he had the feeling that the others noticed as well but weren't as sure of it as he was.
Bucky watched Peter carefully as the dark lyrics washed over them. The expression on his face was unreadable. But his eyes were focused, sharp, he was listening but it wasn't triggering anything in him.
Peter made a sound, it might've been a smirk, but more empty. He didn't look at Bucky. "I don't know. I'm feeling ...
"Pretty good, all things considered, I think. Bucky says I'm making progress. I eat, I sleep, sometimes, I take showers which is still hard. I also made a friend."
He didn't really do much in these passed two days except for eating and sleeping. His body was still recovering. At least that's what everybody said.
Bucky's eyes grew wide as he realized his mistake and he was quick to deny it all. "I didn't say that.", he said, his tone apologetic.
It was all over the news for months. Tony missed most of it.
She let out a heavy sigh and crossed her arms over her chest as if Wade was being really difficult right now.  "Wade, he's dead. You know that that's final.", she stated.
"Where?", Peter asked. He didn't quite think Wade's words through, he was too tired. Then again, sleep was nothing peaceful so he tried to avoid it.
That earned him another sigh and a miserable:"Peter..."
"What are you talking about?!", Tony asked, turning on his chair to face Wade, his gaze sharp, determined but also deeply worried.  It was the first time he even acknowledged anyone else's presence.
That's what this reminded him of. And it was ripping his guts out. At least that's how it felt.
Okay, a quick warning, I did include the Rape/non-con warning in this story and tagged it as extremely dubious consent because technically Wade is consenting but I still consider what Death does to him non-concentual because he doesn't really have a choice.
"Are you weirded out by that?", Wade then asked, aching for a reaction. He looked over at Peter and Peter stared right back before shrugging.
"I also got you this.", Bucky said, pointing at the half-wrapped rest of the package. Peter put the IDs down and tore the rest of the paper away to reveal a notebook, bound in red leather.
Tony didn't necessarilly expect Peter to open up, he was already surprised that Peter offered him to stay. That's why he had been a little surprised when Peter pulled off his glasses and started to speak again. "I just- I'm worried for Gwen. I don't trust Natasha, I can't,  not even if I wanted to.", he admitted and this time he didn't sound dangerous or angry, just frustrated.
"I need to do something...", Peter mumbled to himself, unsure what he even ment by that.
"Hey... Hey, baby boy, Pete-", Wade didn't know what it was, he didn't even touch him but suddenly Peter's eyes opened wide as he sat up so abruptly that he almost knocked his head against Wade's.
. Bucky wasn't sure if that was better or worse than fear.
"Yes, Mr Rogers." The lobby was empty and dark except for the desk of the receptionist where he could make out three people, one being Laura, the receptionist, and then two male figures that were waiting in
"Your standards for friends must be pretty low for you to consider me one." Peter realized how rude that was the moment he said it but to his surprise MJ let out a chuckle, glancing down for a moment.
"No, I was activated around 8 am this morning.", Gwen replied, not a hint of emotion.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Bullshit. Everybody does. And yours is even alive and doesn't seem to be a complete shitshow. Hurray!"
"Do you trust me right now?", he asked, knowing the answer.
But after all your fantastic comments I just remembered how much I loved writing this sory and how much more I had planned for it so I'm raising it from the dead!
"I'm just saying, sending Steve on that mission was a smart move but sooner or later Fury will demand to know why you're hiding."
"Unfortunately, yes."
"Who are you?",He asked and fake-Wade smiled over at him.
"You really think that?", Tony asked with a frown.
"Yeah. She was... she was my everything. She was my best friend, my family, the only thing keeping me alive when I wanted nothing more but to die. She was amazing." It hurt to talk about her but not as much as it would've hurt to pretend that she hadn't been real, that he hadn't loved her. It would've been an injustice. So Peter smiled through the pain and blinked away the tears. "She was amazing and you would've loved her. And she would've loved you and Wade and Bucky and Steve. She would've loved you all. She was...just the best. And I didn't deserve her."
"I know. Don't moved until I tell you to, okay?" And before Wade knew what was happening Peter leaned into him, their torsos pressing together. Peter slung his arms around Wade's waist and leaned his head against his shoulder and Wade didn't move. Not a muscle, not until Peter told him to.
Instead he leaned in, offering a hug or a kiss. Whatever Peter wanted.
"FRIDAY? Call Harley.", he ordered and the AI system, that seemed to be running this house, did as it was told. Harley turned out to be a boy, a little younger that Peter and Tony and him seemed familiar.
"I know that you have no reason to trust us-", Natasha started.
Peter pressed closer to the wall but didn't leave. He knew that he shouldn't be here, he knew that he would probably get into a lot of trouble for it later. He should go back to his room where Wade had fallen back asleep and pretend that he never left it in the first place. Peter didn't, though. He stayed in the shadows.
The boy crawled up into one corner of the ceiling, facing the door, holding onto the wall with his feet and wrapping his arms around the trembling cage that was his torso. There he waited for them to come, to rip him apart, drown him out, bend and maybe even break him.
Peter didn't take a liking to them talking about his state. His manic smile turned into a furious grimace. "You know, it's not very nice to talk about someone in third person when they are present. ", he snarled, his voice as sharp as a knife. Then he grabbed his bedside lamp and ripped the chord out of the wall before throwing it at them, yelling:"Now get the fuck out of my room. I can't stand looking at you!" His aim was a little off, so the lamp just shattered against the wall next to them but the crash still made Wade flinch.
Peter wasn't neutral at all. He was fucking pissed off. "Where are you keeping her?", he asked immediately, his voice ten times sharper than just a minute ago.
Bucky stepped closer and placed a careful hand on Tony's shoulder. "You should clean yourself.", he said calmly, looking at Tony's hands that were still covered in dry blood. Wade didn't look much better. Tony stared at his hands, as if he only noticed the blood now. "I've got this covered.", Bucky promised and when Tony gave his son another glance, Bucky knew that Tony would agree to it. He'd do anything to make things right with Peter.
Gwen is alive?", Wade questioned.
"I really thought you were gone for good.", he whispered. Peter lowered his eyes until his long black lashes brushed against his cheeks.
"I want to see her.", he spoke through gritted teeth.
"Oh, you shouldn't have said that! You know how horrid my taste is, did you learn nothing from the Hawaii shirt?", he grinned excitedly, already scanning the store for options.
"That's huge!", Wade exclaimed, clapping his hands in excitement.
It was hilarious, their baffled expressions, Wade enjoyed every second of it. There was also a weird sense of pride that felt entirely misplaced. After all, he didn't really contribute anything to how Peter was but he still felt like he knew something that the two Avengers didn't. It was a foolish and childish thought and his boxes quickly shot him down.
"Then let him see her.", Steve ordered in his authoritative Captain-voice. Romanoff held his glare for a moment, the two seemed to lead a silent conversation. Peter wasn't willing to wait, though.
Tony looked like he might just cry, instead he dared to smile a little before nodding. "Don't mention it. Did you hurt you hand badly?"
. He tried to push Peter's hand away but the other man wouldn't let go of him.
"Trauma, PTSD and... cult deprogramming.", Tony replied and Peter spun around to face them with raised eyebrows.
He could've asked Wade to come with them, he even considered it and
"I haven't always been like this, you know? They didn't always keep me in a cryo tube like a failed science experiment. You were right. For the longest time they tried to make me a weapon, trained and educated me. I can build a bomb from scratch, I speak 4 languages.", he didn't look up as he spoke, his eyes still scanning the pages at an insane speed.
That didn't mean that he wasn't completely overwhelmed with the situation. The first week was an absolute nightmare and Tony found himself thinking more than once '
"Needless to say, if you hurt him you'll wish that you could die.", Steve stated, crossing his arms in front of his chest.
Deadpool had a feeling that Peter wasn't quite there. That he was dissociating. He automatically reached for him and asked:"Peter, are you there?"
"You did?", he asked surprised, looking from the painting to the girl. If he wasn't mistaken he spotted something that looked like a satisfied smile on her face but only for a second before her expression turned bored again.
Tony glared at Steve for a while, unwilling to admit that that's exactly what he was doing, even if it wasn't deliberate. In the end he chose to be snappy instead of introspective. "Are you and Carson conspiring against me?", he asked, not quite able to hide the bitterness in his tone.
He cocked his head to one side, narrowing his eyes at Wade. "It's okay. I get it.", he then said and Wade already thought that he got lucky. "The agents never showed their faces either. Can't even identify them.", he then shrugged and Wade raised his eyebrows.
"... Thank you."
"So why?"
Wade didn't contemplate the questions much longer before deciding to press the big red button that was just too inviting. And you already know what went down after that.
"I think so.", he mumbled and Wade's heart ached.
"Feels like it, too.", he mumbled before his vision suddenly turned black
Deadpool noticed it right away and pulled the boy closer to him before whispering something into his ear. Fake-Peter didn't seem to calm down one bit but he still nodded shakily before looking over at Steve.
, Wade loved him more than anything.
"I won't, you'll have to kill me first.", he mumbled, staying present got harder by the second.
"Yeah, we just sort of communicate in pictures and one liners. ", he nodded.
It didn't happen. Peter's heart was still racing. The boy leaned his forehead against the cold surface of the door, trying to block out the sound of his pounding heart. With a frustrated sigh he pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes before turning around. Once he lowered them he finally saw himself in a mirror for the first time... maybe ever.
Death's words played in his head on repeat ever since they found the wreck, even before that.
"Peter, I understand that you don't trust us-", Natasha started, already sounding so fucking condescending.
"Somebody's tired.", Peter pointed out, hoping that his smile didn't look too forced.
"Fuck off, I'm depressed.", Wade then groaned. Weasel's answer to that was to pour Wade another one, that Wade obediently drank.
"Oh really?", Bucky asked in a '
"Not really. It's not like you want to sleep with that bitch, you don't really have a choice. Plus, as far as I know you two didn't have the talk yet so technically you aren't mutually exclusive.", She pointed out as if that wasn't part of Wade's desperate attempts to not be an absolute ass. If he wasn't Peter's boyfriend he couldn't cheat on him.
"Enjoy your time with him.", she then said softly. "But don't forget. He has an expiration date. And it might be sooner than you think."
To say that the situation was tense would've been an understatement. None of them knew what to say and Peter definitely wasn't up for talking. They returned to the spot where they had parked their quinjet, Peter got on and strapped himself into one of the seats. Wade sat down next to him. Peter didn't make any indication that he was okay with it but he didn't seem bothered by it either.
"Peter, what the fuck?!" He didn't think his next step through, it was pure instinct and later on he'd agree that it wasn't the best approach ever. But he wasn't in control, his logic had completely checked out and his emotions took over when he pulled Peter off the wall, not hesitating when the boy went rigid in his arms. Wade tried to place him on his feet but Peter just crumpled to the ground as Wade went for the curtains and pulled them aside, letting the sun in.
Yeah, but Peter judged himself for it. Honestly, he didn't have the right, not after he had done the same thing to her. And not after he spend three months begging her to give him some attention. He was being ridiculous.
Tony was sick and tired of waiting for the next catastrophy but there was no way around it, so now they were back to watching Peter's every move while they pretended to not do that.
He was about to take back what he said when Peter replied. "I'd call it realistic. ", he shot back and raised an eyebrow, challenging him. Steve wasn't sure what to think now. Peter didn't seem upset by his words but he wanted something from Steve. What? A discussion? Steve thought of Tony and this certain look he sometimes got. It said:' G
"Sorry, I wasn't talking to you.", Wade sighed but Peter's defenses were back up, not that they were ever really down.
"I panic at motel pools, that's what I'm up to. I'm pretty good at it, too. Might make a career out of this.", he replied sarcastically.
"She isn't in New York she's at SHIELD's LA base. "
Gwen just stared ahead, her eyes distant. It was awful to see her like this, soul crushing. Gwen wasn't the one who broke. Peter was the weak one, not her. He didn't know what to do, how to help her, but he'd try none the less. It took her a long time to focus on the present again. At some point Peter just sat down at her feet, holding her hands in her lap, just waiting. Once she did, she let out a shuddering sigh and squeezed his hands. "I'm sorry- It's just...a lot. ", she stammered, her voice still cracking from all the crying.
"Why are you telling me this?",his father asked and Peter wanted to scream at him.
"He's not a reliable witness!", Natasha exclaimed.
"Unfortunately, no. I've just been drowning in work and I'm sorry that I missed your function. It won't happen again.", Tony apologized genuinely.
With a heavy sigh he stroked his hands through his hair. "Okay... you two stay with him. I'll... I'll talk to Tony."
Did he mean in a
"What the fu-", the man started but this time Peter cut him off. He moved entirely on instinct, years of training just activated. He took a step forward and threw out a web with a flick of his wrist. One yank and the gun flew into his hands. He turned it over in his hand and when he came at the stranger this time, it wasn't him that flinched away. There was nowhere the other man could go, though, so Peter easily grabbed a hold of him and knocked the handle of the gun against his forehead. Peter managed to contain his strength enough to not immediately smash the other man's skull but the stranger did collapse against the wall, sliding to the ground where he curled up, trying to cover his head.
, yes, I can't believe you're real.", Peter let out a broken sob before leaning his forehead against hers.
Peter and Bucky stayed at the motel for longer than anywhere else, almost a month and Peter was in no rush to leave. For once he wasn't restless, he didn't feel the urge to run off and Bucky did whatever Peter wanted, so they stayed.
"You look great. ", Gwen said, sounding unsure. It was enough to pull Peter out of his paralyzed state.
"Fuck, sorry... I'll clean it up, it's okay, that'll only take a second...", Peter whispered breathlessly, a quiver to his voice that sent shivers down Tony's spine.
"I'm sorry...", Peter whispered.
"And what?", Peter asked, concern in his tone.
"Thats them.", he said and it was almost like he was bracing himself. Surely enough a car parked not far away and Bucky and Peter stepped out.
In fact it had been so easy-going that Peter didn't think twice about taking his shirt off. Sure, it should've bothered him more. He usually hated people seeing his body but lately Peter didn't care.
"Let me know if that ever changes. I'll kidnap you to a waffle house to change your mind on any day.", Wade tried to joke and Peter picked up on it.
"It's okay, I'm okay. I'm good.", Peter whispered because his voice couldn't manage more. "I can be good, I can make it good for you...", he whispered into Wade's ear. "I'll be so good, just please let me be numb- please- please- I can be so good. I'll do whatever you want, you can do what you want to me. I won't complain, please- let me be numb again-"
"And what if I promised you that they won't force you to do anything? What if I could keep you safe and keep them safe from you."
Sorry that this update took so long, after Endgame I needed a little time to process it. I watched it twice by now, will watch it a third time on friday. I won't spoil anything but I loved it.
"12 hours?!", he gasped. He had been asleep for half a day? It made sort of sense since it was night now but still, Peter couldn't remember the last time he slept that long.
"That Natasha upset you and that you ran away." Peter barked out a laugh, a bitter one. Then he wrapped his arms around his torso, held himself tightly like he might come apart any second.
(I swear I didn't plan on making Natasha borderline antagonistic, I love her, it just kinda happened??? Maybe I can come up with a redemption arc somehow.)
"What... What happened to you, if you don't mind me asking. Why did you have to leave, why do you not have being-alone-privaleges?", she asked carefully.
"Really?", he asked, unable to conceal the surprise in his voice. Tony stopped as well and turned around to face him once more. "I mean... you're not lying?" It made him sick how pathetic he sounded.
"I disagree. ", he only stated, completely matter of fact.
all of a sudden. MJ was silent for a moment, her eyes focused at the ground, chewing on her lip, thinking Peter's words over. "I'll admit, I thought that you're pretty fucked up, but now that I know all that, I think you're pretty well adjusted all things considered.", she finally said and Peter could hear the faintest trace of humor in there. It was a relief.
"That's just how it is."
"Really?", Tony asked as if Peter's lack of control wasn't obvious.
Wade looked from the unconscious boy up to his father who stared at his child with wide, teary eyes. This definitely wouldn't be a walk in the park.
"Some goons, doesn't matter who. They were after me and Vanessa got hit in the crossfire.", Wade replied. Almost a year had passed but it still felt like it happened yesterday.
Wade's stomch cramped up.
Wade's heart skipped a beat. He was really here, and he looked better, tired and stressed but all in all better. He was still a little startling though. Something about the way he carried himself was different, he had an urgency to his step, he stood straighter, he didn't look as fragile anymore, stronger but somehow raw. He also had a cigarette between his lips and
It all came to a dramatic climax at the end of the first week.
Bucky let out a sigh and let himself drop into the armchair. "I feel like I should be but I'm not.", he replied honestly.
Someone grabbed his shoulder and turned him and suddenly there was air again, but there were also hands, touching him, and Peter was on fire. He screamed. Or maybe he didn't. He couldn't tell anymore. Good boys didn't scream. They took what they desevered in silence. He stared up at the ceiling. A face moved in the way. Peter saw Lorenz smile at him and he wanted to cry. He smiled back. It
They stayed in the canyon for a few days, camping, hiking for as long as Peter's dwindling energy allowed. It helped, being out here with no other people, outside the entire time, free to move around and talk as much or as little as he liked. It was nothing like SHIELD or HYDRA and the difference helped. Bucky left Peter as much freedom as he could muster. He let him sleep for however long he wanted, he spoke to Peter when he was up to it and didn't expect him to answer on the days that speaking was too much of a chore. He didn't ask Peter if he was using the notebook or the phone and he didn't mention Tony or the others unless Peter did. He also let him smoke his cigarettes when Peter asked for it. "Better that your other types of stress relief.", he mumbled and it's not like they were actually harmful to Peter. Peter was as free as he could be considering the circumstances and he was thankful for that.
"Yes and no. They are probably still looking for me, but I'm not running from them at the moment, I was telling you the truth when I said that I needed to get away from home. And Bucky... he's a friend, he really does feel like my older brother sometimes, and he offered to take me because my father trusted him to take care of me.", Peter explained.
Once Bucky seemed convinced that Peter hadn't been hurting himself he seemed to calm down and also finally notice MJ's presence.
"Thank you. I made it.", the girl nodded, burying her hands in the pockets of her large red hoodie. When she did it, it looked relaxed, when Peter did the same he looked anxious.
Then he got to cleaning himself. It was a slow, painful process, especially when it came to washing his hair. Any situation with water near his head wasn't a good one but in the end he managed without getting a full on panic attack, probably because Wade talked him through the whole process.
"Great, is it happy reunion time, yet?", he burst out and a soft smile split on Peter's lips.
"Oh, yeah, sorry, I wasn't- I didn't-", Peter stammered nervously, he had barely talked to anyone besides Bucky in weeks. And there was something about that girl's gaze that was...hard, not cold or anything, just unyielding. It put Peter on edge.
"Just promise.", Peter asked, while taking his phone, keys and cigarettes out of the pockets of his sweats, placing them beside him.
"Asleep-me is a mood, I guess.", he shrugged with a smirk, trying to play it off. MJ didn't play along, though. She just watched him with her usual stony expression that Peter couldn't read.
"I promise I'm not. She has the same powers as you, she knew your name and subject number from your file, it's her. I'm begging you, Peter, for both of your sake, you gotta trust me on this one!", Tony pleaded.
"No, you goof. I ment the length!", he snapped back before dropping his hands back to his sides. "Thank you, Wade." It was one of these rare open moments where Peter didn't try to conceal anything and everytime it happened Wade yearned for more.
"Yeah, there was nothing straight about my thinking...", Peter whispered and they were so close that Wade could feel Peter's breath on his skin.
"Tada!", Bucky called out with a hesitant smile on his face. He held his arms out open wide like he was presenting their surroundings to Peter. "Do you like it?", he asked, a tone of uncertainty in his voice. Like he was anxious that Peter wouldn't be a fan.
"Fuck off, I'm depressed.", He groaned.
"What?" This time Bucky didn't seem to hide his shock all that well because Peter frowned at him. "Thats what MJ said, it's a date.", he explained.
"I'm sorry.", he said, after a long moment of silence but MJ just pulled a face.
Beside him Peter stirred a little, let out a low pitched whine, drew his eyebrows together and suddenly his eyes opened. They were distant and unfocused for a few seconds before they landed on Tony.
"Unclear.", Tony returned, sounding grim, worried.  "Okay, I'll meet you on the ground.", he then said before giving Steve the sign to open the jet. Tony then went ahead and flew out, taking out enough HYDRA agents so that the others could land safely.
Not long after that, Bucky came out again, carrying all their stuff, Karen trailing behind him. "Are you ready?", he called out.
"Crazy. ", Gwen said, looking around. She seemed less tense now that they were by themselves, which was a relief to Peter. At least she could still find comfort in him.
Pumped with shit, ain't got no luck
Natasha's eyes were focused on Peter, though. "I'm sorry, Peter. This is for the best.", she said calmly and Wade felt Peter stiffen beside him. "You need to hear this, Tony.", Natasha then said, looking over at the Superdads.
He could still feel the warmth of the sun on his skin. He was still cold, Peter hadn't felt warm in... maybe ever. But to feel the sun, to see the sky, the world, other people, to eat food and hear some song he doesn't know play on the radio, it was more than Peter ever hoped for.
"Well, doesn't change the fact that you are getting some waffles, baby boy. ", Wade shrugged, focusing on the road again. He didn't like how defenseless the boy seemed. Not an hour ago he threw Deadpool through the air like he was nothing, he probably could stop this car immediately if he tried. He didn't even move.
"Your sad face. I don't like it when your face does that.", He replied gesturing towards her face.
.", he replied and Wade's eyebrows shot up.
"You were both programned.", Wade said what he'd been thinking this whole time. That Gwen was here on HYDRA's orders. And maybe she didn't even know it, maybe she was a sleeperagent.
Peter was dead.
"Welcome to the club. Now you know what it's like to take care of you.", Tony huffed.
They were nightmares, sure. They still felt realer than anything he experienced in the last few weeks. Reality felt like the fever dream.
"Don't flatter yourself. I watch everyone. Especially the ones that knock on my door as frequently as he does. Of course you'd have to fall for
"So? What are you getting for yourself, Petey?",  Wade asked after a while.
This was happening. Gwen. Gwen. Gwen. It was really happening and Peter had no idea how to feel.
"You have a point, then again, I really like that shirt so I have trust in you."
"I'm trying to protect you!", she persisted and Wade could feel that same rage, spark up in him again. Steve must've noticed his tension because he tightened his hold while Wade tried to push Red away. He couldn't flip again, not in front of Peter.
They once more turned silent, their conversation had reached a dead end and now they needed to find a way to dig their way out of the weird whole they had fallen into.
"Don't know, Google it.", Tony shrugged before reaching over the table for one of the waffles.
"This is wrong-", he heard a voice say but he was too dizzy to make out who it was.
"Thanks.", Peter nodded, looking down at his hands. " I think I'll check on Gwen now.", he then added. Their conversation had been good but Peter felt like he should call it quits before he screwed it up somehow.
"Yes they do.", Wade said and a frown appeared in Death's face. That was her irritated face, Wade knew because it used to be Vanessa's irritated face.
"Okay... can I see him now?", Wade asked, his heart starting to race in his chest.
"Just five more minutes, love. I'm almost done here...", Tony automatically returned like this was just another night and Steve called him to bed.
"Cut it out and drop the face. ", he snapped and Death was so nice to transform her appearance but not nice enough to stop torturing him.
Bucky knew that Peter wouldn't die. That his wound was already healing, that he'd be back on his feet in a few hours. After all Peter had walked around for miles in a body that was completely shredded. This was nothing. Bucky knew that.  But that didn't mean that this made anything easier. Bucky reached for Wade's hand that was pressing the towel to the wound to stop the bleeding. Wade flinched when Bucky touched his skin but he still let him lift his hand away. The cut was bloody and deep but Bucky could already see the wound closing up.
"You ain't wrong, baby boy. This whole ordeal took like 50 years off my life.", Wade chuckled quietly but when he looked at Peter his expression was serious and... guilty?
"Piss off...", Wade hissed and it was enough to pull Peter out of his reading. The boy frowned at him, his lips pressed into a thin line.
"It will take a while but he eventually always gets back on his feet."
"Like Bucky?", Peter asked, his face thoughtful.
Whatever Peter expected, this wasn't it. Relief washed over him but just for a second. Then his paranoia and suspicion extinguished this warm flame of hope inside of him and made way for distrusts and resentment. "Yeah, sure.", he smirked but it was joyless, sharp. "Excuse me but I'm having trouble believing that. I'm-", his thoughts trailed off for a second, thinking of a all the thing's he'd been called before.
"Can I- does this mean I can-?", he stammered still not moving his eyes from Wade's lips.
"Then we'll try the Steve Rogers way.", Tony shrugged before his eyes focused on Bucky. "I'll fuck over the whole government to get the person I love back."
"This is a waffle house.", he only stated.
"Can I ask you something?", Peter then asked, wiping away his tears.
He was alive. Tony didn't dare to believe Steve's words until he saw the boy himself. He still didn't quite believe it. It hadn't sunken in yet. But as he sat in the spare bedroom that they quickly prepared for Peter and watched him sleep, watched his chest rise and fall steadily, it slowly started to become real. His son, his baby, was alive. Back in his arms.
"Wait, aren't you at least gonna ask where we're going or-", Steve started to ask but the Peter's eyes shifted towards him.
smirk slightly. "I didn't do it on purpose this time, I swear."
"Wait, I'll get new ones, sit down.", Wade ordered, jumping up from the bed. Peter sat down on it wearily. He couldn't exactly tell why he hadn't slept in it yet, maybe because sleep was the enemy in general, or maybe he didn't want to let himself believe that this was his new life in fear of losing it, or maybe it all came down to his conviction that he didn't deserve any of this. Peter let out a deep sigh.
Maybe the fact that he was so decent made it actually worse. Peter was used to people that didn't care, humiliation didn't faze him as much anymore. HYDRA had stripped everything else from him so it wasn't exactly a big loss and he knew that there was no point in fighting it. That didn't mean that he wanted anyone else to see him like this, it didn't mean that he could stand to have Wade see him like this.
His face showed the aftereffects of his panic, bloodshot eyes, rimmed with red, dark shadows underneath. But his expression was blank, almost bored. His eyes looked straight ahead but it was like he was looking through all of them. He didn't react to them, didn't say a word or make a sound.
"Yeah, the drugs only delay your emotions but once they wear off they return all at the same time. ", Bucky nodded. He could still remember how he had felt after the withdrawal. Drained and hazy, like he was feeling too much and too little all at once. At the same time his mind had been permanently altered, something he could in no way confront yet. He could imagine that Peter was feeling something similar. "What do you need Peter?", he asked, and he didn't mean to sound so tired but in a way he was, they all were. Most of all Peter.
"He just needs time. He doesn't know us, doesn't trust us.", Steve told Tony on the first night, his voice soft, his hands gently stroking through Tony's hair.
"No, you don't fucking understand!", Peter suddenly screamed and it made them all flinch back, except for Natasha of course, immovable bitch.
"Don't worry Pete, as I told you, I know how much fuel a high-metabolism body needs.", Steve reassured him, or at least he tried to.
If that didn't amplify Peter's existential dread he didn't know what would've. With an annoyed huff he turned the music off again, surrendering the two of them to silence once more.
"Yeah, but that's not what I mean. Not that kinda wrong.", Wade shook his head.
What was even more disturbing was when he tried to hold the screams back. His chest would start to heave, he'd bite his lips until they burst open and red dripped down his chin. It never lasted long, a new wave of terror would roll over him and the screams would start again.
How they stormed the room, how Tony managed to cut the collar off just in time for Peter's healing to kick in, how, for hours, they didn't know if it would be enough, if Peter would make it out.
"Okay, no, that came out wrong. Steve is amazing, I love him, he's my best friend... It's just... before the war his and my relationship was...simpler? Maybe because we were both simpler men back then. It was as easy as breathing. Now, with all the time that's passed and all the things that happened to the both of us... it's just more complicated.", Bucky explained. He didn't sound bitter or anything but there was a profound sense of sadness in his voice. One that he didn't seem to let out a lot around Peter. Maybe because he didn't trust Peter with it, didn't think that he could handle it or just didn't want to let it out himself.
Peter didn't answer but he pulled a face which clearly stated that he hadn't talked to Wade.
"HYDRA kinda just shaved it off when it got too long.", Peter shrugged.
"Okay... good.", Peter sighed, smiling up at Wade. He went completely lax. Wade hadn't noticed how tense Peter was before.
Part of Wade thought that this was all he'd do now. Be miserable and pathetic as he waited for Peter to forgive him or at least feel like he could bear Wade's presence.
Peter still wanted to run for the hills. For a solid minute he just stood in the doorway, staring at the tub. "Or we could try a shower if that's better?", Wade suggested.
His father looked tired, his hair was disheveled and there were dark circles under his eyes. Peter wondered how long he'd been asleep, he could remember eating breakfast, now it was dark again. He really had to stop loosing time like this, it was foolish and reckless.
"If it's so disturbing, maybe you shouldn't look at it, then!", he returned, a dangerous edge to his voice, like a threat or a warning. He crossed his arms behind his back, away from Wade's sight.
"I'm just dumb, enlighten me.", Peter shrugged, trying to go for a joking tone but it sounded a bit panicky from him.
Then he fell to his knees, he barely felt the pain of his bones hitting the floor. He scrambled over to the toilet, already hurling, unable to stop it. Before he knew it the last bit of food he ate the previous day shot out of him until he was completely empty, dry heaving.  His face was wet with tears and he was still trembling uncontrollably, curled up next to the toilet, when Wade opened the door.
"Neither do I so that's one thing we have in common.", she only said and the topic was settled.
"You're not human...", MJ whispered, her voice shaky. She turned on her heels and took off, leaving the foyer, storming out onto the parking lot.
Two agents stepped out first, looking like clones in their suits. Another agent walked behind them and that's when Tony saw Peter. He was led forward by the third agent and Tony's stomach twisted in his gut.
The aftermath of the withdrawal was emotionally exhausting, sure, but it made you physically tired, too. It surprised him that Peter had stayed awake for this long. Bucky barely got out of bed for a week after his withdrawal. Until... until Steve dragged him out of it and to the Grand Canyon. "It totally is.", Bucky replied only to find that Peter had already passed out.
. Wade didn't follow him, thank
"Can you stay in the room...", Peter mumbled almost asleep.
"Come in!", Peter called out, glad to be interrupted. He didn't like where this conversation was going anyways.
"You look well.", Keipon pointed out, his smile wide and amused, he looked like a shark.
"Hey, baby boy, it's Wade. I saved you, remember? You aren't at HYDRA anymore, you're at Avengers tower with your dad. Remember that, Peter?", he gently tilted the boy's head back until Peter looked at him but his eyes were glassy, unseeing. How didn't he notice this sooner?
"I still can't believe it sometimes, but it gets easier.", he promised.
, he wished that he could just be numb again. Things were so easy back then.
He was still asleep when Wade returned, Peter rarely looked this peaceful. His damp hair, now all clean and fluffy, was staring to curl like crazy. Wade felt a soft smile tug at his lips.
"Those are just words. Just because you say something doesn't promise that you mean it.", Peter had said, thinking that Wade couldn't hear him, unaware that Wade still had his head leaned against his door.
3 things he could feel.  The scratchy motel blanket against his skin, damp hair against his forehead, his sweaty shirt sticking to his back.
"Wade Wilson but my enemies call me Deadpool.", he replied and Peter just looked out the window again.
Wade was about to take it too far. "Peter, all I'm saying is, is that we don't know what HYDRA did to her while you were separated. "
Suddenly the other man came alive with rage, Steve actually had to hold Tony back when he suddenly screamed out:" SHUT UP! FOR ONCE! JUST SHUT UP!" After that he deflated like a balloon. Wade didn't take it personally but he also wasn't impressed by this emotional breakout.
Steve placed the rest of the food on the table before glancing at Peter. His eyes were wandering from the bread, to the vegetables, from the omlets to the waffles. He didn't take anything though, while Wade was already stacking waffles onto his plate.
"You... mean a lot to me. ", he then added and Wade didn't know what to reply. He was stunned.
Keipon narrowed his eyes at Peter and he had to do his best to not cower underneath his glare. "You had some work done."
Sometimes Wade wondered if he was actually in hell. It felt like it. Burning in an eternal fire didn't seem half as bad as having some one that looked like Peter force themselves on him.
Besides, Wade made it clear that he was fine with it, a fact that hurt more than Peter would've liked to admit. Wade was '
"We need to get the tracker out as soon as possible and do a health check. I'll ask Bruce if we can do it in a regular room, he doesn't seem to react well to a medical setting. Maybe we should also get him a nutritionist to get his weight back up. He'll also need therapy, though I'm not sure if he'd agree to that. And maybe we shouldn't keep him here in New York, it's to obvious. We could go to your Malibu house for now until he's feeling better. Also, I know you might be hesitant to ask but we should really try to get a look at his file, it'll be easier to help him if we know what we're dealing with.", Steve knew that he was rambling and maybe he was even overstepping a line but he didn't know what else to do and they didn't call him the star spangled man with a plan for nothing.
"Why are you awake?", Steve asked, trying to break the tension. Peter and him never really warmed up to each other, then again, Peter had trouble warming up to everyone. But still, they were never really alone, never without Tony or Wade, this was a first.
"Reassuring is my middle name, baby boy.", Wade grinned before getting into the car.
That's when Tony came in, looking rumpled and smeared in something that looked like oil. "Hey, you're up.", he said with a smile.
"Try to get a bit of rest.", Wade said softly.
Wade was nice enough to draw the curtains a bit more shut again, only letting in a little light. Peter still wasn't used to the sunlight and this mansion was basically made of glass which ment constant sensory overload.
"What's wrong with him?"Steve asked as Wade already kneeled down in front of Peter trying to catch his eye but the boy's eyes were focused on the floor.
"You wanna come down here or-?", the stranger didn't even get to finish his sentence when Peter lost grip on the wall and crashed to the floor. It hurt. Then again,  Peter was used to it. He had been through this often enough that he knew that there was no point in fighting it, especially not in his state. So he stayed down, his face pressed to the cold floor. He didn't fight the other male when he put his hands on him and turned him on his back. The masked face appeared in his line of sight.
Wade had never heard someone talk as casually about death as himself. The thing is, Wade's immortal, dying was literally as manageable as a flu to him, if not more. Peter didn't have that power, at least as far as Wade could tell. "You're not dying today, or anytime soon, not on my watch.", Wade sighed and Peter raised an eyebrow before shrugging slightly.
And before Wade knew it they were looking at each other, both breathless with racing hearts, cupping each others faces like they were each other's most precious treasures.
We've got a long one today, this one has mentions of Peter's suicide attempt but nothing graphic.
Fragments. Nothing more. Who was speaking? About what? Unimportant. Peter had blood under his nails. Or at least he used to. It was gone now. Somebody washed him, washed the blood away. It was still there. It would always be there. Everywhere, under his nails, coating his skin, tainting his soul. He'd rub his skin raw and it would still be there.
"What the fuck?!", he exclaimed and it was like he flipped a switch, Peter crumbled like a house of cards. The anger left his face and only pure, animalistic fear remained.
"I appreciate it.", Wade mumbled. He still felt it.
"No, I want to be alone-", he gasped out. He had looked so relaxed a few minutes ago, now every muscle in his body was tense, his shoulders were drawn up to his ears, his hands were clenched into trembling fists.
"Not dead, just kidnapped by HYDRA.", he shrugged. He was patient with MJ, giving her time to get over her shock, like he knew she eventually would.
"Shit. Fucking shit. Should've noticed it.", Wade cursed under his breath.
He was
"Yes Mr Rogers, Mr Banner is currently working in his private lab.", FRIDAY'S gentle voice replied.
Natasha didn't back away, she stood her ground and held Peter's gaze. "That won't be necessary. She's in good care. ", she said and Peter hoped that she was right.
Please stay safe and as always I'd love to hear your thoughts on this chapter!
Captain Boyfriend didn't look much better, though he seemed fractionally calmer. "You look like you just woke up in a desert after a bar tour, what happened?", Wade asked, trying to hide the edge in his voice with a joke, but not really succeeding.
He stayed on the ground, face towards the sky. The sun was setting, or was it rising? Peter couldn't tell. The sky was red and Peter was tired. Tired of
"You got a great kid, Stark. But I'm not gonna lie, it'll be rough.", Bucky said and Tony nodded.
Tony looked down at his plate, pushing his food around with his fork. "What was it like...with the two of you? I mean...I wasn't really there for you back then...", he mumbled, not meeting Steve's eyes.
"Which is?"
"Time in the freezer doesn't count!", he argued and Peter rolled with his eyes.
"Then I'll see you around, ...?", she said, but the end of her sentence fizzled out into a question mark and Peter needed a second to realize that she was waiting for him to tell her his name.
"Don't know, yet.", Peter replied honestly. "A couple of days for sure." Bucky and him hadn't talked about that yet but Peter decided it in that moment.
Tony and Steve shared a look before Tony knelt down in front of Peter to get him to look at him. "Would that be alright, Peter?", he asked carefully and Peter blinked a few times and shook his head slightly like he was trying to focus.
"Oh god, what have I done?", she whispered before a horrified sob escaped her. She started to fiddle at his collar, there was keypad for a code and for a moment he thought that she might know it. But whatever she did, it wouldn't come off.
"My issues? You can say it, you know. I'm not made of fucking glass.", he snapped, getting up from his chair at the dinner table and starting to pace. He was having an agitated day.
Dom didn't seem to like this answer. She frowned at Wade and pursed her lips. "Do that to him? The only one that I see who is getting something done to him are you. If your Loverboy can't handle the truth maybe he doesn't deserve you. "
Peter didn't quite react right away, maybe he was in shock. His eyes traced his reflection slowly. The protruding ribs, the sharp shoulders and collarbones, the almost translucent skin that stretched across them. There was something wrong with it, though. Aside from how obviously disgusting it was. Even though his chest and stomach were practically hollow, they were still, somehow, covered with a thin layer of wiry muscle.
"Not my intention, baby boy. Besides, I have no idea what the actual afterlife is like, I never got past the doorstep.",Wade said, turning his head a little to look at Peter beside him. The boy was staring up to the ceiling too but a faint smile pulled at his lips. "Don't worry, I'm not in a hurry to bite the dust.", Peter then stated, still not looking at Wade.
No pain, no boxes, everything felt light, untethered. He checked his hands.
He still worried about Peter but now his involvement in his life was limited to daily text updates from Bucky and the occasional picture.
"Don't act like it ain't true.", Deadpool, or Wade, smirked before carefully guiding Peter into the room. Not literally, but he made the first steps and Steve could see how Peter watched him and mirrored his behavior, first walking into the room, then taking a seat.
when it might be
"Pretty good, now that you're here.", Peter replied with a careful smile. Gwen didn't return it, her eyes wandered off, taking in the room. She looked distracted or like she wasn't entirely there. It worried Peter but then again, he was like that sometimes, too. All this had to be a lot for her.
"Get out of my way.", Tony ordered, pushing past them. He had pulled on one of his gauntlets and he used his repulser-blast to shoot the door lock away. The door was still fuming when they slowly pushed it open. Peter's room was empty but this time the windows were all closed.
Peter didn't seem to mind it, though. "Yeah. So, can I go?"
Bucky lit himself a cigarette and took a drag of it, his eyes looking up at the sky as well. For a while they just sat in silence like that and Wade thought he'd never say anything. Then Bucky asked:"Nervous?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"-we had a misunderstanding. But we're fine now, everything is fine now, okay?"
"I read between the lines.", Wade shrugged, really hoping that he didn't say the wrong thing. "You shouldn't talk down on yourself like that."
Peter must've been aware of Bucky's starting all along. He didn't meet his eyes once but after a while a made his annoyance known.
"I don't know. Nobody ever really needed a reason to hate me. ", he admitted and Tony's heart broke a little more. There'd never be a day that Tony's heart wouldn't break for Peter.
Peter gave him a doubtful look, frowing at the book in his hands before opening it up and staring at the blank pages. "Don't pull that face, you know it helped me a lot. ", Bucky argued.
