Steve excused himself to the unpack luggage that Tony was unaware Fury had had them bring, and Thor declared he would do the same. Tony briefly ran through the floor plans with them and told them where to go. When he frantically explained that they each had a designated floor for themselves and his reasoning behind the layout, Steve and Thor seemed impressed and actually slightly surprised at the thought he had put into it. Before he left, Steve hung around the bar and waited for Thor to leave the room.
“I’m not fucking waiting until tomorrow.” He said. His face was red and his cheeks were puffy – he’d clearly been crying, but it wasn’t until they were face to face that Steve could see just how drunk he was. His hands were shaking and he seemed to be fighting to keep his balance. “I love you. You are everything. Literally everything. If I have you, I need nothing more. I’m sorry for everything I’ve said tonight, everything I’ve called you. I don’t mean any of it. Other than that I love you. God, I love you. You’re the sun, you’re autumn leaves, you’re a southerly wind on a day that’s too fucking hot.” Tony cried and moved closer to Steve.
“It’s nice to finally meet you, Tony. After all these years.” He heard the Captain say. The mention of their presumed shared history made the pit in his stomach flutter and sink.
5 years earlier, when Tony Stark is approached and asked to form a team of “remarkable people to do the jobs no one else could”, he will be forced to come face to face with a man who unknowingly effected his life forever.
“Tony?” Steve said, his voice trembling, adrenaline pumping through his veins. There was a deep breath on the other end of the call, a deep, shaky breath.
“Tony.” Nat cut him off, placing a hand gently on his shoulder. “You’re being frantic. Is everything okay?” She moved herself so that she was facing him, looking into his eyes.
The short walk felt like the nights he’d spend waiting for his mom to come home when it was just himself and Howard in the house; stretched and full of fear, his stomach and vision giving off a feeling of television static. He grabbed onto the walls of the corridors leading to the restroom until he could fall to his knees, grip the bowl and vomit. Fantastic. He considered all of his possible escape routes but even the most mischevious part of his brain knew that he couldn’t leave.
In the room that it led to, a short staircase lead down to a vast, open space with black and gold marble floors. To the left of them was a whole wall of floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking central park, and, in-front of them, a huge bar designed with the same marble as the floor. Shelves and shelves of alcohol flanked by fridges full of bottled drinks from pale ales to lemonades, rows of champagne and wine glasses accompanied by jars of fruit to garnish, and jars of metal straws and drink decorations. Over to the right, the whole floor had three steps that led down to a seating area, the marble floor covered with a white carpet and accompanied by sofas and chairs that mirrored the gold in the floor. Tucked away in the corner was a fire pit that sunk a further three feet into the floor, a sophisticated filtration and ventilation system hanging from the ceiling, unnoticeable unless you were looking for it.
“Before you go anywhere, I have something to show you. Well, a few things.” He said nonchalantly. “Follow me,” he said, heading for a door that the other two hadn’t noticed, almost as if it wasn’t there before.
“Don’t you fucking dare talk to me about regret. You want to know what I regret you want to know what I fucking REGRET?! You. I regret you. This. Us. I wish I never met you, Steve, I really do. For the longest time, I thought I’d never find someone who loved me truly, completely, all of me, everything I had. I thought I had found that in you. I really did.”
“Do you still love me?” Tony asked after a minute of silence broken only by their crying. Steve squeezed his eyes shut, every ounce of his being knowing that the right answer and the truthful answer were not the same. He wasn’t sure if fear was a rival or a close relative to the truth. Tony repeated himself, slowly this time, emphasizing each individual word as he begged for a response from Steve.
“Steve.” Tony took another step toward him. “Please. You know this is what’s right. You know that neither of us will be able to move on until we know.” He moved a final step closer to Steve, ending only a foot away.
“Loki Odinson.” Fury stated. When met with a confused look, Fury assured; “you won’t have heard of him. His crimes are way below your pay grade. Just some low-end smuggling and trafficking of alien technology on and off of Earth.” He explained. “SHIELD agreed to pardon him as we felt that what Thor has to offer us as a unit is far beyond that sacrifice.” Fury raised an eyebrow at Tony.
“What?! No! I mean, yes, obviously, I just want to see her happy.” As Tony panicked to answer the question, Bruce laughed at how he can still get Tony’s gears turning after all the years they’d spent apart. “But shut up! No. This is so much more important than that.” Tony insisted. “You know what I’m talking about.”
Steve had nothing to say. He wanted Tony too, but he was far too stubborn, far too headstrong to admit it. He had no way to reply, so he just cried. They cried together.
“Redacted, redacted, redacted...I’m losing my goddamn mind.” Tony sighed as he tossed the file onto the glass table. “Yelena is dead. So are some civilians, along with a damn Russian diplomat. Putin is pissed, you two had sex.” He looked up from the file as Clint damn near choked on his coffee. “Sound about right?”
“This isn’t Avengers business, Steve. It can just be you and me. No one else, nothing else. Just us. No one else needs to know.” Tony whispered, followed by an almost inaudible “please.”
Neither man broke eye contact in the following seconds. They seemed to continue their conversation just in their expressions, Steve throwing his weight behind composing himself and Tony looking far more pained, far more honest to the situation.
“Oh, you know,” Nat began, “what was a simple recon mission became something far more, something we didn’t expect. But it went well, we handled it, and, um...” she looked at Clint, a wry smirk flashing on her face, “yeah, it was good. Fine. We’re good.” She bit down on her bottom lip, her foot tapping the ground as she fidgeted and tried to hold back a smile.
“Oh I wouldn’t worry, Nick, that’s just the effect you have on people. Maybe it’s the all black look you got going on.” Tony jumped to his feet to alleviate the tension and avoid Steve saying something honest and righteous about the situation.
“This is Thor,” Fury said, cutting through the silence that followed Tony’s empty statement. “Of Asgard. He has agreed to work with us provided we grant his brother immunity for his previous criminal actions on earth and cease our pursuit of prosecution.” Fury said.
“I am not trying to pull anything. You think I’m gonna sabotage your big break? Fat chance. Look around, Fury. I built this shit from the ground up, for you. For this. It will work out.”
“I don’t want to hurt you again. And I worry that what you’re saying now, you’ll regret in the morning. When you’re sober.” It took everything Steve had not to say yes. To throw caution to the wind, to feel the fear and say fuck it and do it anyway. Because he never wanted to feel the heartbreak of the past few weeks again.
“Yeah. Sucks.” Tony said, almost in a whisper. He dragged his eyes up to meet Steve’s and the brief moment of eye contact that followed felt...like home.
In all his years of fighting, confrontation and stress, Steve had never felt as afraid as he did in that moment. His body began to tremble and his hands shook as he dug the phone up from beneath scattered papers and unread books, not hesitating for a moment and flipping it open quicker than he could check who was calling. He knew. There was no one else it could be.
“Bruce.” Tony sighed. He walked as quickly as he could and fell into Bruce’s arms. He felt as though he melted.
“Change of plans.” Fury asserted quickly, knowing to expect a smartass comment from Tony if he wasn’t quick to state the reason he’d called. “Thanks for getting Nat on board with Banner’s recruitment. She found him, he’s in, and they’re on their way to the compound. Clint is in for a fitting for a new transistor but he’ll be over soon. My recruits will arrive with me, in t-minus fifty minutes. Oh. And thanks for answering. Eventually.” Fury enunciated. Fuck. Tony had sent him to voicemail. More than once, by the sounds of it.
“It was fine, the target was taken out and the threat was eliminated.” Clint stated, matter-of-fact and straight. He clenched his jaw as Tony smirked and tried to tease a moment of weakness out of him.
When he stepped off the elevator and into the still unfamiliar and cold living area, he was relieved to find that Fury and his recruits hadn’t arrived before him. The lights turned on as he entered the room, making him wince and groan: “JARVIS, lights to 50%.”
The hours dragged by slowly and when Tony woke up to the deafening sound of his ringtone, he was nothing short of confused. The winter sun illuminated the clear New York sky, beaming in through his panelled floor-to-ceiling windows. When he forced his eyes open into a tight squint, his eyes burned, his head screaming at him to close them. With a groan he forced himself up off the couch, his back aching as though he’d been sleeping on concrete. His legs shook as he navigated his new home, stumbling toward the kitchen, catching himself on the island counter and grabbing at the marble surface in search of his phone.
“Yeah, it was. But you’ve had it just as tough, like yeah it was weird having to figure out the way this modern day world works, but it took a shockingly small amount of time. It’s just the world I was in years ago with extra stuff. Whereas you really were thrown into the deep end when Howard passed, from what I’ve heard. Did you really have to just take over straight away?”
“I was really lucky to get to work so closely with your father, and…” as Steve spoke, Tony tuned out. Two sentences. Two fucking sentences it took him to bring up Howard. God fucking dammit. “So I think it’s admirable, the way you took his place so seamlessly. Must’ve been tough.”
The water burned into his skin as he stood dead still, crying into both of his hands. What a fucking mess he’d become, a long ways away from the Tony Stark that is endlessly reported on; the Tony Stark who had been the perfect successor to Howard Stark, the Tony Stark who America trusted with their national security, the Tony Stark that the world wanted to believe in. Right then, in that moment, he felt worlds away from that Tony Stark. He felt like nothing, insignificant, worthless. This Avengers project was the only thing left to give Tony a purpose after all of these lonely years full of dead end projects and breakdowns. This had to work. But how could it? It was tainted by a ghost of Tony’s past that would arrive in the form of Steve Rogers. Would Steve remember Howard the way the public did? Or the way he really was? Steve couldn’t know the intricacies of the abuse Tony suffered. He wouldn’t know about Tony forgetting to eat while Howard and Maria went away for days on end, JARVIS being his reminder. He wouldn’t know about the adolescent drug abuse. He wouldn’t know about the screaming matches, the slammed doors, the thrown punches. But would he understand that Howard wasn’t all he’s now remembered as? Or Tony was about to be forced to work in close quarters with a man who remembered his abusive father as a hero? Tony leaned both hands and his forehead on the tiled bathroom walls as he realised that he would not have an ally in Steve Rogers. He knew that Steve would see Howard as nothing less than a hero. No one did. Only Tony.
“That’s all good, guys. I don’t need anything else – you’re good to go.” He paused making coffee and held his hand up to the two of them before either of them had a chance to question him. “I don’t want to have to do any more paperwork. You’re cleared for active duty.” He and Nat shared a look before Clint started to head for the door, Nat following, her eyes on the ground.
He does. Of course he does, he and Tony had been friends during. Bruce had dealt with Tony falling asleep in class because he had been too afraid to sleep the night before, the minor inconveniences causing major breakdowns, the waking up to a knock at the door at 4am. Bruce knows.
“Tony, please. Please stop. I didn’t keep it from you to hurt you, I thought it was for the best. I really did. I see now that I was wrong but, at the time, I thought it was the only thing I could do.” Steve tried desperately to compose himself. He knew that if he didn’t, he’d fall apart.
“I don’t want to talk about that, take a hint.” The accidental venom in his words made Steve almost visibly recoil.
“Y’know how, past the alcoholism, beatings and verbal abuse, the main thing I hated about my father was that he used to use the other people in his life to show me how much I was letting him down by not being them? Like with you. When he’d compare our work ethic or grades or whatever.” Tony said, causing a pang of guilt in Bruce’s stomach. “All that ‘son I never had’ kind of shit.”
“Nice, Stark. Witty.” He glared. “Anyway, wish I could stay, but I can’t. Have some important off-world business to save SHIELD from. You guys get to know each other. Nat and Clint will be arriving soon - hopefully with Bruce by their side. I’ll be in touch.”
“Actually, Ariel, we’re about to have company.” Tony remarked, joking about Nat’s recent return to her natural hair colour in order to deflect her comment.
Steve dropped the phone and ran to his balcony door, almost removing it from its hinges as he forced it open and threw himself at the railing. The impact and the minus twenty wind-chill knocked the air from his lungs and forced him to gasp for breath through the tears. He thought back on his life of love and loss, how he wished he could just not feel these things because life would be simpler without them. But how good the highs were. The nights when they went to bed early but caught no sleep. The overwhelming love he felt in the morning waking up next to Tony. Attending briefings together where Tony would fall asleep on his shoulder.
“Thor has never worked with SHIELD before so I have to take him to HQ for his Medicals, a psych eval and to officially sign his contract. Steve will be staying here.” Nick’s words caused Tony’s heart to jump into his mouth. “I’m aware of the feelings you harbour toward him, but this is your chance to gain closure for yourself. Think about it - he doesn’t know that you feel this way about him. So the only person you’re hurting by keeping this act up is yourself. So this is an opportunity for you to go out there and leave it all behind. Don’t start this off on the wrong foot.” Tony went to reply but he knew that speaking when Nick had raised his hand to tell him not to would only lead to him being lectured more, so he held his tongue. “Think of all of the wounds that this opportunity is giving you the chance to suture.” He finished, and with that, he walked back into the living area, with Tony slowly and silently following.
“Got too friendly with Jack last night. Yeah.” Fury accused. “Take a shower. Freshen up. I’ll see you soon.” Fury hung up before Tony could get in another word. He dropped his phone onto the counter and slowly walked from the kitchen to the bathroom, trying his hardest to shut off the thoughts that were creeping in; what his father would think if he could see him like this, nursing a hangover and staggering toward the shower, moments from meeting with Captain Steven Rogers, the son Howard had always wished was his.
“We don’t have to be friends.” Tony cut him off. “We’re colleagues. We’re working together on something that is bigger than the both of us. Friendship doesn’t matter.” Tony spat, regretfully losing his temper with Steve.
Once Nick has finished with the formalities, they headed back through to the bar for a drink. Nick placed himself behind the bar, made himself a drink, and then asked what Steve and Thor wanted. Steve asked for the closest beer and then when Thor asked for a Jack Daniels, Fury looked at Tony and said; “well would you look at that - you two already have something to bond over!” and laughed to himself. When his joke was met with silence from Steve and Thor, Tony excused himself and headed to the bathroom.
“I want the three of you in. And the reason that you two are here, really, is to meet Fury’s other recruits.” He stopped walking and stood in front of them, his eyes telling more of a story than his words ever could. “I really need you guys in on this. And I hate to come between this thing you have going on, but Nat, I need you to go to Banner.” He asked, something of guilt twisting on his face. Nat jumped in before Clint could protest.
“Steve. Steven Rogers, Captain Rogers, Captain fucking America.” Tony was angry, that much was certain, but what was more worrying was that he was slurring his words.
A situation in [REDACTED] presented itself to S.H.I.E.L.D. agents when conducting regular field checks last week. The situation, involving the Red Room’s Agent [REDACTED] and concerning S.H.I.E.L.D.’s own Agent [REDACTED], needed to be dealt with in the swiftest and most efficient way possible. Agent [REDACTED] herself was sent to see to the situation, joined by Agent [REDACTED].
“No, you didn’t. Because you don’t hurt the people you love. Maybe I was just good for you, for your ego, for your loneliness. But that isn’t love.” Steve dropped to the floor and threw his head into his hands. He was sobbing now, no strong façade, no pretending he was okay. He was sobbing and the love of his life was listening.
“Of course I will. What happened between Bruce and I if anything, was tiny. And it was years ago. It’s in the past.” She turned to Clint with a reassuring smile and wide eyes. “There’s only one thing in my future.” Clint looked to the floor attempting to maintain the stern look on his face despite his eyes showing the hint of a hidden smile that betrayed him.
“Ok sweet, everybody’s here. So, you know that I’ve been dropping big news on you all the last few conferences.” Tony started. “Well this is…similar. I want to first direct your attention to the screen behind me.” He gestured to the screen, where an image of the letter appeared. “I received this letter yesterday from our wonderful military, warning me off of damaging government property. I got this letter because I left a hickie on my husband, who is former military. In light of the research I did last night, where I discovered that many people receive similar letters each year, I would like to remind our government and out military of a few crucial things. First, just in general these people you are describing as “government property” are HUMAN BEINGS, citizens of the United States, and freely CHOSE to join the military. They belong to themselves, and if they so choose, to whatever God or higher power they CHOOSE to belong to. You do not own them. Second, it is not damaging them because it is a mark that fades relatively quickly, especially in my own case, and generally does not hurt or hinder anyone. Third, in the case of people who are no longer in the military, butt the fuck out. They quit, they are not your property and honestly never were. Fourth, and this applies mostly to this specific case, Bucky was HUNTED by you people for crimes you were to damn dumb to realize he didn’t commit. Even after it was proved that he was brainwashed, you tried to arrest him and test on him. So back the fuck off. I will NOT speak for my teammates, but I’m getting sick of you bothering him. Peace!” Tony flashed a peace sign and walked off scowling.
“What the hell?! They can’t do that! You’re my lover, fuck’s sake we’ve been married for almost a year! You’d think they’d be used to that.” Bucky snapped.
It all started with a letter. Tony grabbed the fan mail for the team on his way up to the penthouse, coming back from a board meeting that Pepper dragged him to. When he stepped off the elevator, he sat down on the couch and started sorting the letters into piles. One for each member of the team and a separate pile for the letters addressed to all of them. At the bottom of the stack of letters he was sorting, Tony found one that was too formal to be sent by a kid…or any fan really. This letter was from the military. “It better not be another attempt at getting me back into weapons.” Tony muttered darkly, tearing the envelope open.
“What about them?” Tony snarled. “We’ve been over this, Bucky is NOT a HYDRA agent. He was a double agent for SHIELD. Talk to Fury about it.”
“Oh really? I can think of a few ways to do that.” Bucky said, dropping back into his Brooklyn accent.
Bucky mimicked the salute and Tony flashed a peace sign. “You have your response. Don’t let the door hit ya on the way out.” Tony laughed.
“Actually…this letter has nothing to do with Bruce. I think they just made him sign it because he has experience ‘dealing’ with me.” Tony chuckled. “It’s basically telling me the military is gonna try to arrest me or take me to court if I keep leaving hickies on Bucky.”
“They can’t do that, even if he was still in the military. You’re his husband!” Steve practically shouted, outraged on behalf of his best friends.
“If you wanna try and get me to tell you anything about Dr. Banner, I’ll save you the trouble. Leave, now.” Tony said.
“Technically, we have a room. My tower, my room, Birdbrain. But…I GUESS we can go up to our bedroom.” Tony singsonged back.
“No, but they’re pissed. And the government and military are both scrambling, trying to apologize and crap. It’s funny.” Bucky laughed, standing up to embrace his husband. “You’re amazing. Love you, sweetheart.” He leaned in, brushing a gentle kiss across Tony’s lips.
Eh it's the Bucky/Tony sequel I promised in the first chapter. Next chapter will be Steve/Bucky/Tony.
We are writing to inform you that your actions will not be tolerated. You may be the richest man in the country, but that does not give you the right to do as you please without consequence. As of right now, the United States Military is issuing you an official warning. Should you choose not to heed our warning, we will take action against you, in whatever form we deem necessary, be it legal or a physical strike. As of this point in time, you have been warned to cease and desist your reckless damaging of government property. If you leave one more mark on Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes, we will be forced to act against you.
Steve headed for the lab. With the workshop in the state it was currently in, Tony would have moved to a new spot to isolate himself. That’s good news for him since the lab don’t have the same ability to keep people out as the workshop did. Even if the door was lock, Steve could easily just remove the door from the frame.
“I love you to Bucky,” Tony whispered before looking down, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to assume or accuse you of anything. I just missed you is all.”
Bruce sighed once more. “That’s not what I’m saying… Although be warned that it is an actual possibility.” At that, everyone else looked shocked but Bruce pressed on. “But it’s not going to be for the reasons you’re thinking. Remember what Tony was like when you guys first started going out?”
“Keep in mind what I said before about Tony’s lack of trust because if you don’t then his behaviors are going to feed right into those insecurities you’re feeling which just spells disaster.” Bruce added as a last bit of warning.
“No, I don’t” Tony’s response was like a breath of fresh air and drained most of the tension from his body.
which led to frustration because there weren’t kids around to lecture. Thus, no matter what Tony’s own opinions on these pet names were, he must use them. Tony can practically see Steve’s expression when ever he even thought about pet names.
Suddenly he feels a completely overwhelming need to go home. He needed to apologize. Needed to comfort Tony and assure him that it wasn’t like that at all. That it was Steve’s own fault that he got angry, that he lost control. That he was thankful that Tony loved him so much.
“Well if you ever get those feels again you can always tell me Steve. I’m happy to reassure you. Besides for a guy in his first serious relationship who doesn’t know what he’s doing, I think you’re doing an amazing job.”
“Tony.” A familiar voice snapped Tony back to reality. He turned his head away from the windows to see who had called his name.
“And this is Captain Rogers,” Fury began. As quick as he started, Tony walked toward the windows and stared out at Central Park, taking interest in the flight of some fortunate bird. “War hero and long-time friend and asset of SHIELD.” Fury finished.
“Oh, here he fucking goes, Mr High And Fucking Mighty. I’m drunk because of you. I broke seven years of sobriety because of you.”
Tony sat down at the table by the unlit fire, flipping through some paperwork. He had no idea what file he was reading - he wasn’t actually reading it. He just needed something so that he didn’t have to sit in the awkward silence that he had caused. Eventually, after what could only be described as an insufferable eternity, Fury returned with Thor by his side.
“It’s really great to finally meet you,” Steve said, turning in his bar stool to face Tony who was standing looking out of the windows. “I’ve heard so much about you over the past year, it’s crazy to me that so soon after everything went down I get to work with you.” He finished.
“So who was he the worst with? Who did he set as a bench mark for me more than anyone else?” Tony asked. Bruce raised an eyebrow. “Captain America, Bruce.”
“Thank you, Nat.” Tony smiled. As he walked past them he landed a hand on Clint’s shoulder – an unspoken show of gratitude.
Tony sighed, squeezed his eyes shut, and mustered all the strength he could to enthusiastically push off the bar and spin around. It it took more strength than he had ever called on before.
They were quick to settle on the logistics of Banner’s recruitment and the pair’s move into the newfound ‘Avengers Compound.’ Once this had been established, Barton made a move to leave. His hearing aids had been playing up so he was keen to return to his temporary home across the river to get some rest after what had been a trying trip. Nat offered to stay for a drink to keep Tony company and have a debrief like they used to in the old days of working together, but Tony kindly declined. He made his usual excuse of “big things to work on” and having “no time to spare”, with none of it really being true.
“It had better. If it fails, I am not having it land on my shoulders. If it fails, you will be blamed.” He said, turning and heading for the door he entered through. About halfway there he stopped and turned back to Tony.
All of the late nights spent brainstorming over Thai food that had gone cold, splitting Bread And Butter’s infamous meatball sub at 7am, watching the sun set behind the Manhattan skyline from Dumbo, it all came rushing back. He hasn’t changed, besides a few greys mixed in with his usual wavy black hair. His smile - cheeky, wide, slanted - is exactly the same. The way he squints his eyes when he’s happy is exactly the same. The crow’s feet lines spilling out from the outer corners of his eyes are exactly the same.
“We.” Tony answered, strolling out from behind the bar with a scotch in hand, his coffee abandoned on the counter. “When you two were away, I was approached by Nick Fury regarding a shelved S.H.I.E.L.D. project that he wants to bring back to the table.” He explained, taking short steps toward Nat and Clint on the lower level of the vast floor. “His plan is to bring together a group of so-called “remarkable” people to “do the jobs that we never could”, Tony explained with air quotes, “or something like that. To tell you the truth, I wasn’t really listening. After “remarkable” my mind began to wander. To you two – and to Banner.” Something unidentifiable flashed through Nat’s eyes as her steely-eyed-agent stare returned and denied any feeling from being shown. Banner. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. After all this time, she might see Bruce again?
“I’m sorry, Rogers.” He conceded almost immediately. “I just don’t want to talk about— I just don’t do— personal talk.” He sighed. He couldn’t bring himself to make eye contact but from where he was looking he could see Steve’s shoulders sink, then he heard a sigh, followed by a quick and clinical “understood.”
It became apparent that both Steve and Thor were already aware of the plans for the afternoon, which means that it was just another thing that Fury had kept from Tony. Great. After a long, awkward silence, Steve was, of course, the first to speak.
“Tony. Tomorrow.” Steve insisted, pulling on fists of his own hair to stop himself from completely breaking down.
The lights dimmed and Tony began to panic. They couldn’t be far away. He ran behind the bar to observe the elevator surveillance footage. 6th floor. That places them approximately 10 seconds away. Where would he stand to greet them? Behind the bar, surprised to see them? At the bar, holding a scotch? At the elevator door, eager and enthusiastic? Nah, Fury would never buy that, he thought to himself and chuckled. Before he could settle on a stance, the right-hand elevator made a sound that cut through Tony’s lonely silence and made his ears ring.
“Yeah, weird. But I had a buddy help me out with things to be on the lookout for, stuff to help me get with the times. Kinda feels like nothing now.” Steve smiled.
“Sir, Director Fury and Level 3 guests have entered the lobby. Might I suggest you greet them on the 12th floor.” JARVIS’ voice rang out. Tony sighed as he pushed himself up onto his weak and shaking legs, closing his eyes to steady his dizziness before heading to the elevator.
“Can we talk about it in the morning? Don’t fight me on this – of course we can have this conversation, but I don’t want this decision to be made on the phone and when you’re in this state.”
“Listen to me. You want to know what I regret the absolute most? What I hate myself for? The way that I don’t hate you. Not at all. Not even a little bit. I say I do but I don’t.” Tony started to cry now, his words slurring into one another. “I don’t hate you. I don’t regret us. I just want you to feel the hurt I felt. The hurt I feel, right here, right now. I wish I was with you, I wish I could push you and hit you and kiss you and just fucking love you. I need you, Steve.”
The elevator bell let out a harsh ding and made both of them jump. As they turned to look at who was on the other side of the doors, Tony sighed as Bruce spoke.
The letter read: “Dear Mr. Stark, We are writing to inform you that we noticed the damage you recently caused to government property and, as you obviously are not aware of it, we have decided to let you off with a warning. Do not repeat these heinous actions or we will be forced to take more serious actions.” A photo was attached at the bottom of the letter…a photo of Steve in his uniform, with the cowl down and a hickey visible right above the collar of his suit.
“No…like trying to get past Tony or touch him in any way.” Steve clarified. “But if he does something you don’t like, fire a warning shot. Aim for the feet or past his head. I’ll step out with the shield, you choose if you stay in the vent or drop out, and we give Tony time to summon the suit and kick him out.” Steve concluded.
Unbeknownst to Ross and Tony, the super soldiers in question got into their positions at that point in time and Bucky almost fired that warning shot.
“Then I’ll be forced to stop you. This is not a request Mr. Stark, nor is it a joke.” The general responded, taking a step towards Tony.
“Sounds like the kind of reaction Tony would have” Natasha added ignoring Steve’s protest. “Although if I were him, I’d probably do something similar considering how ungrateful the person I saved was.”
“Which is why I needed to win.” He continued, “I’ve seen the shit that Clint gets up to and if I have to do PR for him then I’ll never have time to do anything else ever again. I also know that Natasha had yelled at you after I left for medical due to Natasha’s stabbing. I just thought ..” He broke eye contact with Tony “I was willing to suffer through a month of it because it would mean making things easier for us in the future. I want to have time to spend with you Tony, and I don’t want you to feel bad because Natasha yelled at you. I obviously should have talked with you about all this sooner but” He focus back on Tony who was staring bright eyed at him and Bucky infused all his sincerity into his words. “I want you to understand that I plan to be with you for the long haul. Forever if I have any say in it and I’ll always be willing to suffer especially short term if it means making things better for you.” He saw Tony’s eyes tear up a bit.
Steve’s heart sank, Bruce’s previous warning ringing in his ear. Maybe this was the end? He’d blown his chance.
“I’m sorry Steve. I can’t do this anymore.” And what could Steve say to that? Has he ever been good to Tony or was he fooling himself? All of a sudden, he saw all their good times together in a different light. Maybe he’d been selfish this whole time. Forcing Tony out of the lab
“Dinner’s done!” Clint proudly declared resting against the door frame. Natasha and him both moved to get off the couch.
“Oh Steve,” Natasha moved to be beside him and wrapped herself around him. He went willingly and wasn’t surprised when he felt himself tear up then go into full blown sobbing.
Natasha had demanded that he take the responsibility by cleaning up the PR disaster himself (as again having Tony cleaning it up was really not an option). Bucky had argued that it was Natasha’s job since that the whole reason why she was in charge of PR to which Natasha replied by almost shooting him. Steve, the traitor, had taken Natasha’s side saying that Natasha was in charge of PR for their missions and Avengers business and this was really more of a personal matter. He also pointed out that it wouldn’t have happened if Bucky and Tony had been more responsible which had led to Bucky almost shooting Steve since he knew for a fact that he’s had public sex with Tony before. He just hadn’t been caught, the fucking hypocrite.
Then Steve lined up his cock before pushing in while leaning his whole weight into it and let out an obscene noise that mixed in the room with Tony’s long wail. Even with his whole weight behind the push, Tony’s body resisted the intrusion of Steve’s impressive girth and Steve’s cock entered slowly inch by inch. “Oh God, Tony you’re so tight. How can you still be this tight after having that vibrator in you ass for the last hour?” Steve groaned out. Bucky saw Tony visible try to relax as his entrance twitched and was forced to take more of Steve.
Steve didn’t know what was wrong, but he had a distinct feeling that this was a crossroad. He be damned if he didn’t fight for it to be in his favor, “Tony, I ….” but Tony cut him off pretty quick.
Steve peaked at Tony in his arms who was looking a bit shell shocked again but thankfully his color had mostly returned.
Sometimes it’s really obvious that Steve’s views were largely driven by the war and a whole different era. It might as well be a whole different world. Steve was still idealistic and inexperience in many concepts of the new world. To Steve there was a right and wrong, a black and white. Tony supposes that since it was us against Hilter and genocide, the right and wrong of that war was much more distinct. Can’t say the same for war nowadays.
“You…want me to stop….leaving hickies on my husbands?” Tony asked slowly, unable to comprehend the stupidity.
Steve raced to his floor and got his shield before taking the stairs and just jumping the last five floors, ducking down behind the door.
“Barton, what’s the fastest way to the vent above the elevator in the lobby?” Bucky asked, making sure his gun was loaded.
“You have GOT to be kidding me!” Tony burst out, one part outraged, one part laughing his ass off. “What now, Stark?” Clint asked, dropping down from the vents. “What the fuck! We’ve been over this Barton. Don’t give the guy with the heart condition a heart attack!” “Whatever….did the military really send you a letter to tell you not to give your husband hickeys…?” “Looks that way.” Tony laughed. “I’m gonna go show Steve.”
“JARVIS, keep him in the lobby. Let him know that I’ll be down momentarily to deal with him.” Tony said evenly, rising from his chair. “Don’t worry Brucie bear. None of us will let him at you. You’re safe here.” Tony said, smiling at his science bro.
“Climb into the vent over the fridge and go left immediately. Go til the third intersection and go right til you can drop down. Just repel down the whole way and then go straight. You’ll be right there.” Clint recited.
“The military is trying to control how Bucky lives his life!” Tony said, glaring at the now offending letter.
“I’ll only say this once General. Leave and report back to the military and the government both, that Tony did not answer your order. Report that Sergeant Barnes and I refused it flat out, without letting Tony answer. And be warned, if you or anyone else tries to make it seem like Tony is blatantly disobeying either the military or the government we will do a press conference explaining the situation and showing the security footage from this conversation. Have a good day, sir.” Steve said, finishing with a salute.
“I’m actually not here about Dr. Banner. I’m here to speak to you about something that both the government and the military have noticed and need you to stop.” Ross replied.
The next day, Tony came up from his shop for coffee around lunch time and Clint promptly dragged him to the living room. Natasha turned on the T.V. to reveal Steve doing an impromptu press conference. “And furthermore, to the higher ups in the military who think they can tell my husband not to leave hickeys on my neck, mind your own business. He’s my husband, and in the military I may be, but that does NOT make me government property. If he ever gets a letter of that sort again, especially the threats to retaliate if it occurs again, you will find yourself short one Captain America. I don’t take threats against my loved ones lightly. You made a mistake threatening Tony. I love him and it’s not ‘damaging government property’ for my husband to leave a hickey on my neck. Especially not with how quickly they fade. This is your first and last warning to not threaten him.” Steve concluded his speech. “Congratulations, Tony. You made Captain America rebel against the military.” Natasha laughed. “I did no such thing. He does that on his own all the time.” Tony said, as soon as he could speak again. “I’m going to go find a suitable way to reward him…” “Gah! Invent brain bleach first!” Clint cried out, covering his ears.
Bucky fired two warning shots, one right at the generals’ feet, and the other right past his ear. Steve kicked open the door to the stairwell and stepped out, adjusting the shield on his arm. Bucky kicked out the vent, “I’ll fix that for ya later doll,” and jumped down, landing in a crouch with his gun drawn.
Summary: Ok so I saw this picture on Facebook. It’s a screenshot of a tumblr post. The post (by narutowiener) says that their friend got in trouble for destruction of government property because she gave her marine husband a hickey that was visible while he was in uniform. The friend got a call where she was told she had harmed government property and not to do it again. Tumblr user seekoutstarlight proceeded to reblog the post and add “someone fic this please” to it sooooo here I am…This story did not make it into my notebook of oneshots for two reasons….one, I haven’t finished the oneshot im currently working on and don’t want to write one that may wind up in the middle of a fic that’s already longer than I intended. And two…I couldn’t decide between making this fic Stony or WinterIron so I flipped a coin and Stony won. I MIGHT do a WinterIron version later and upload it as a chapter two though xD. Either way, Steve, to my knowledge, is still technically in the military because he was never discharged and he is not dead like people thought soooo….yea. This happened.
“Back the fuck off General.” Bucky snarled. “Tony is our husband, we are NOT military, and we will not let you or anyone else try to stop him from marking us however he wants when we put him through the mattress.” It was so fierce and lewd and so, so Bucky that Tony burst out laughing, while Steve blushed but stepped up beside Tony.
“They’re mad that he had a hickie on his neck at that gala last week and sent me a letter warning me to stop “damaging government property” and crap like that. You’re not even in the military anymore are you?” Tony asked.
“Yea well they called you “government property” and said I “damaged” you so…” Tony trailed off, suddenly not thinking the letter was funny. “They’re acting like you belong to them…but you don’t. You’re you and you own you and they have no right to try and decide shit like that for you and god fucking damnit I’m gonna-.” Tony started ranting, turning around only to run right into Steve.
on repeat in his head while frozen with fear over what Tony was going to say next. But Tony always had a way of surprising Steve with how brave and just overall good he was, how he’d always put others before himself because even through Tony still obviously had his own distress regarding their relationship, his main concern, his automatic response is to comfort Steve. “It’s not fair to you that we always assume you’re perfect. That’s not something anyone should have thrusted on them and I’m sorry that I didn’t catch it sooner, especially considering how Howard was when I was young.” Steve’s heart tightened for that little boy that Tony once was.
Tony wasn’t being bitter but it’s only logical that people had priorities beyond love. Maybe family, maybe friends, maybe happiness, even maybe their basic needs that meant their survival. After all he’s sure that a peasant would rather marry the prince they hated so that they could have food to eat rather than starving to death with someone they loved.
Slowly Tony opens his eyes, drowsy but seemingly comprehensive and Steve thanked anyone and everyone out there that listened to his prayers. “Tony, thank god. I need you to focus on me. How many did you take Tony?”
Well, there we are. Sorry this last part took a bit of time. I hope you enjoyed the story and thank you too everyone that stuck with me through it. :)
Bucky was out of his seat before the restrains had completely opened and charged the bed. In any other circumstance Bucky would have tackled Steve to the ground for being a little shit and grappled with him a while. However right now after a Month without sex. He needed to be in Tony like yesterday.
“According to records, Captain Rogers told sir that and I quote ‘I just. I don’t want to go through something like that again. I felt so helpless, so raw. I just wanted to cry through the whole ordeal. I need you to understand how I was feeling. I need you to not. I need you to understand,’ JARVIS finished and for once his words sounded like it came from a robot. He must actually be just reading it from a transcript.
It took a second but then it clicked for Steve. “Are you talking about when we were in the workshop earlier? Tony I swear to you that I wasn’t talking about our relationship. I didn’t know about the text then and I didn’t know you were talking about our relationship the whole time. I..” Steve groaned, “I was flustered and to be honest, troop rallying speeches aside, I’m terrible at expressing myself. I wish I could convey to you exactly how I feel about you. In any case I wasn’t talking about you.”
“You don’t believe me? No Tony I really didn’t mean that break up text. I want us to be together still. Can’t we just pretend it didn’t happen?” Steve was getting frantic now and the moment his comment about forgetting the whole thing escaped his mouth, he’d wanted to take it back. He didn’t want to pretend this didn’t happen, he wants to fix it. He wants to make it better.
Steve proceeded to sprint from the room and down the hall, adrenaline pushing any fatigue out of the way.
Bucky bit his lower lip. If Steve untied him he wasn’t sure he could resist taking Tony right now, especially if Tony kept looking at his like that. “God dammit!”
Steve nodded. It was the first time Steve had acknowledged those inadequacies he’d been feeling but even he can see how they’ve worsened the current situation even if unintentionally. It’s okay though, acknowledgement was also the start of moving past them.
Steve was violently scribbling on his paper work that he needed to finish for SHIELD after every mission. All he wanted to do was get home and get his hands all over Tony to check that he was uninjured and okay. He’s brow was pinched as he tried to concentrate but always ended up thinking about Tony again. He was pretty upset about Tony throwing himself in front of that bomb for him today but now that he’s calmed down a bit he feels guilty for yelling at Tony. If he’s being honest with himself, he was being a totally hypocrite. If he and Tony had been in the reverse situation, Steve wouldn’t have hesitated to throw himself in front of Tony. Of course, he would.
“AH.. Stev… It’s so good. … You’re completely stretching me…..ah ….I feel like I can feel you in my throat…” Tony panted back.
Then he surprised himself when a whine pasted his throat as he realized his hips were being forcefully removed from Tony’s hole. “The Hell Steve!”
Tony made what was probably an affirmation to Steve’s question but with his lips so stretched tight around Steve’s girth it was hard to tell.
Bucky straight up snarled in Steve’s face, “Unbind me you Jackass! I’m not kidding. If you don’t let me go right now I’m going to rip your dick off the next time I see you.”
Steve didn’t have an answer. In fact, he’d been wondering the same thing to himself since he’s read those text messages. God, how could he be so cruel as to break up with Tony over a text message? Even if it was an accident, that must have hit Tony so hard. God, how could Tony think he’s be inconsiderate enough to break up with him over text message?
Tony closes his eyes and takes a long breath. “I appreciate you coming down here to try and spare my feelings Cap, but you didn’t need to do that.”
“Being gay is a part of who I am. Who many people are. In an ideal world, being gay would be viewed the same as having red hair. Yes, other people have other hair colors, but no one should have to discover one day that their hair is red because society deems that everyone is a brunette at default.”
“Hey don’t get mad at me, I’m not the one who got caught having sex in public and I’m not the one who made that stupid bet.”
“Or you could talk to Tony about them?” Natasha suggested while Bruce nodded in a manner suggesting that he completely agreed.
If Bucky wins then Natasha would handle this PR incident and any other incidence involving Tony and Bucky with No Complaints from now on no matter the cause. If he lost though, he’d have to handle this current PR nightmare, and future PR incidences involving Tony and him and also any future PR incidence that Clint has caused. That part about Clint was the real kicker. Last month he’d accidentally shot an endangered bird from the top of the tower because he thought it was a drone which had pissed off 117 different environmental, animal and preservation activist groups. Bucky hadn’t even known so many of them had existed.
“Hmm maybe you aren’t as good with your mouth as I’d originlly thought.” Steve tease while Tony continued gasping for air. “I guess I’ll have to do all the work myself then.” Then without waiting for Tony to stop gasping, Steve lowered Tony’s head back on he dick and held him there. Then he’s hips started to snap out then in, fucking Tony’s mouth harder he had just been fucking Tony’s ass. Again Tony choked some but it really couldn’t be helped.
Tony’s words noticeably affected Steve too but he didn’t make a move to slide back into Tony. “And how were you planning to convince me to give those things to you?” Steve simply asked.
And now their concerns seemed to double. He wishes he could feel some happiness over how much everyone cares about the two of them, and how they understood that this was a huge blow to him without him having to say it.
“Steve don’t think like that. It’s not true. Tony was happy with you. You made him happy. Happier than he’s ever been. You tried your best to be there for him, held him when he needed it, listened when he talked.  You made sure he stayed fed and healthy. He quit drinking for you.”
“Okay? What does okay mean?!” Steve could feel himself getting agitated, so he looked down for a second to let the feeling drain from him before continuing. “Tony, please talk to me. I’m trying to fix this, and I can’t do that if I’m just talking at you.” Steve moved his other hand to grip Tony’s other thighs searching Tony’s eyes for something, anything. Tony just stared back blankly.
“Yeah doll, you’re spread so wide on our cocks. You’re holes gonna be gaping for the rest of the week. Which means that we can shove into you at any time.” He panted into Tony’s ear who’s cock twitched again. So Bucky put all his strength and energy into tearing up Tony’s ass. “Would you like that kitten? Being just a cum dumpster for us? A sex toy? A hole?”
Tony had known that a press release to let the world know that Steve, Bucky and him were an item wouldn’t be easy but it was a necessary evil. He’d expected rude questions and anger but he honestly hadn’t thought that it would be over this.
“But this is nothing compared to what I’m going to do once I get free from this chair. I’m going to destroy that hole of yours ya hear? I’m going force my shaft into you and use it to beat your prostate so hard you’re going to pass out. And then you know what I’m going to do Doll?” Tony made another keening noise.
Steve went stiff at the force of Tony’s anger. He obviously felt terrible about yelling at him earlier today, but he doesn’t think it warranted this volatile a response! For god sakes, He was here to apologize! Steve could feel his own anger bubbling up, and as he felt it, he knew this was going to end badly. He didn’t want to be so mad, but Tony always knew what buttons to push, and he was already feeling so defensive from earlier.
Steve hunched. Of course, Clint was right. He had nothing to say in rebuttal. Much later while reflecting on the incident, he realized he was thankful that their teammates were willing to call out his bullshit as well as protect Tony. He was glad he had allies in the fight against Tony’s insecurities and Tony’s lack of perceived self worth, and Tony’s (thankfully already disrupted) perfect view of Steve.
“WHY DO YOU THINK?!” Tony was suddenly seething. All of his anger about the break up now directed at Steve. How can Steve just march in here and pretend everything is still fine? Like he’s got any right. The thought of Steve being his caretaker by obligation hurt, but it didn’t hurt as much as if Steve actually still wanted to take care of Tony.
Natasha and Clint both looked up at each other in silent conversation once more. Steve briefly noted that they seem to be getting frown lines.
Bucky just stared as Steve and when he finally spoke it was to say, “I was asleep for 10 hours?!” which caused Steve to snort.
“What Steve? Did you just leave after he said all that? Didn’t you fight it?” Clint carelessly threw his word at Steve not realizing the impact they were having.
“I… Okay, but I might come find you if it takes too long.” Steve warns almost with a small hopeful smile. In that moment Tony knew that Steve wanted to rekindle their friendship as well. This wasn’t the end of them, and Tony found comfort in that fact. It seems though that Steve is expecting it to be a lot sooner than Tony thinks he can do, but Tony knew he’d try his best and push hard through it all. For Steve. Always for Steve.
“What? no!? Of course not?” He was offended by the very idea and turned to gaze into Tony’s eyes, “Tony, no, it’s not that Doll face. You’re the most important thing to me I swear. I love you!” Bucky tried to pour everything he was felt for Tony into those words and convey it with his eyes before tacking on. “No offense Steve.”
“Give me the reasons why we should break up and I promise I’ll leave and we’ll never have to have this conversation again.” This time his voice came out too commanding, too demanding. One more try.
Tony looked down and sighed. “Steve, I promise you that everything I just said I believe from the bottom of my heart, but we still shouldn’t be together.”
Tony walked back up to Steve to stare him directly in the eyes. “You’re right Steve.” Steve stood there frozen. No, was this the final straw? Had he pushed Tony away for good? Given him the excuse he needed to stay broken up with Steve? All he could do was think
Steve could just feel his guilt and regret instantly turn to self-loathing at the scene in front of him. Tony passed out with a few bottles of liquor around him and pills all over the ground. Had he caused Tony to do this? Was it his unjustified anger, his inability to control his emotion that had hurt Tony so badly? As these thoughts raced, he distantly saw himself trying to break the glass with his fist. But after several strikes and what was definitely a broken knuckle later, not even a crack or scratch existed on the glass’s surface. Panic was starting to turn into hysteria when he heard Natasha, and Clint race down the stairs in his direction follow by a much slower Bruce.
them all and he’d never be too proud to admit it, at least to himself. He felt a small smile tug at the corner of his lips despite the day. Yeah, he loves this family he’d found, and he wouldn’t let anything happen to his family. Losing Steve hurt. It hurt terribly. But ultimately it was worth it for his family and with the team around, he knew he’d make it through this and everything else life threw at him.
Steve’s reply only caused Natasha to frown. “And how were you planning to do that exactly?” Natasha pushed.
So he watched with bated breath as slowly but finally the head of Steve’s penis slipped inside his body which proceed to drag more of Steve’s dick inside. They continued until they were both as inside Tony as they were going to get with Tony constricting their cocks together. From the moment Steve gotten his head in Tony had started to wail at the top of his lung while his insides messaged over their cocks. It felt intense and amazing but also overwhelming. Now that he’d experienced it, Bucky knew they’ll probably be incorporating this into their normal sexcapades because they were definitely doing this again.
….what if he really doesn’t want me anymore? What if he’d been relieved when he got the text because it meant he didn’t have to break up with me? What if this accidental break up made him realized that he’s better off without me? What if he’s bored with me? What if he sees that underneath Captain America that I’m just some guy? And he realized that he’s this rich genius who can do so much better? I know I haven’t done a lot for him even though he feed us and houses us in this lavished tower and makes us the most advance tech for the field and provides for us with the finest money can buy. I just..This is basically my first real relationship, but I can learn and get better and..”
Basically leaping from the chair to on top of the bed Bucky shoved his sweatpants to his thighs finally releasing his cock from confinement and thrusting into Tony without even lubing his dick first.
Steve then added on with “And then he said something about it being for the team and for me and I didn’t realize he was talking about breaking up. I thought he was going to start being more careful in the field!” Steve protested.
“Oh of course I love you too Steve!” came Tony’s immediate assurance looking at Steve with concern. It amazes Bucky that Tony can see through almost all of Steve’s bullshit except when it came to anything about their relationships. Then Tony falls for Steve’s puppy eyes hook, line, and sinker every single time.
Tony had expected to wake up to massive leg pain and an empty cold workshop. What he actually woke up to was yelling. Which wasn’t 100% unexpected, he’d pissed people off a lot so it’s always a likely situation. Despite feeling too groggy to really open his eye, he did anyways, and all he saw was a blur.
“Look Tony I know you’re upset! But you can’t get mad at me for caring!” Wow Steve really knew where to stick you where it hurt.
“Okay Tony…. I’m gonna come back later so we can talk about this okay?” Tony had to shut his eyes as Steve turns his body to the elevator. Steve was always so damn sweet. Right now, though, He needed more distance than a few hours or a few days.
Steve couldn’t help but squeeze Tony tighter. “It’s my fault too. How could you know if I never say anything?”
“Steve, you know for a guy who supposedly is bad at expressing himself, that was like the most adult conversation I’ve every had.”
It took Steve a minute during which Tony had whined since his dick was red, erect and dripping between his legs begging for attention but then Steve pulled himself upright to smirk at Bucky before saying, “So why don’t you do all that then?”
After a long pause with no response, Steve tried again. “Can you let me in…..please?” He wasn’t above begging at this point.
“We’re not going to judge you Steve.” Natasha whispered while shooting Bruce a pointed look. “We just want to help.”
“No, Tony. It’s okay. I’m happy I can be here for you. You can cry on me for as long as you need okay?” Bruce waited a beat and felt Tony nod again before continuing. “I’m just here to listen. But it’s like when we work in the lab together, the two of us come up with ideas that neither of us would have had alone. So maybe if you tell me what happened, I can help. It doesn’t have to be now though. You take as long as you need.” Bruce stopped rubbing Tony’s back for a second to pull the now cooler tea mug closer before offering it to Tony again, who took is carefully this time. “Just remember to rehydrate since you’ll be losing fluids when you cry, and you don’t drink any water as it is,” Bruce teased at the end trying to lighten the mood.
Natasha and Clint looked between themselves a second, which was enough time for them to have a silent debate, come to a consensus, then play mental chicken to determine who had to tell Steve.
Bucky wasn’t doing any better though, his entire body trembled was so much pent up energy. “Oh God Tony you feel so good around me….ugh … yeah you’re squeeze me so well Tony….nhnn… one time isn’t going to be enough kitten….I’m gonna come in your ass so many times today and get it all sloppy...” God he was so close.
So, he tried again with as much conviction as he could muster into his voice. “No that’s not true Tony, you’re amazing and intelligent, sweet and loyal! You….” Again, Steve became frustrated at his inability to articulate himself, articulate what he felt, how wonderful Tony is. Failure crushed into him as he had to strain to hear Tony whisper.
“I’m sorry Steve. I can’t do this anymore.” This conversation was draining him fast. He needed it to end soon. “Maybe we can talk about it later but right now I need to be alone.”
“If you start singing the my little pony song right now Steve, I swear to god I’ll throw you out the window.” Bucky growled back.
For a second Steve looked stunned but then yelled, “What?! No Tony! We need to talk about this?! How can you ….”
“For both of us?! No Rogers don’t even pretend that it was for my benefit too! I’m not denying that it needed to be said if that’s how you felt but there is nothing about this that is for my benefit!” And Tony looked wrecked. Steve wanted to cry.
To be honest, Bucky definitely wasn’t above cheating but JARVIS was enlisted to monitor Bucky in the tower and he was to be with someone, who wasn’t just Tony, when he was out of the tower.
The divide of 70 years showed for instance in Steve’s concept of Justice, his concept of truth, his conception of politics, and of course, his concept of love. To him, justice is getting a trial, there’s only one truth, and matters of politics are simply solved. To him, love is eternal, and only a matter of emotion. Tony is from an era and generation that’s much more cynical. Not just because of his age but the fact that he’d been exposed to more than a typical person on the street, and that’s not even mentioning he was a genius.
“Tony, I don’t want to break up. This whole thing, it’s just been a misunderstanding. That text was supposed to say, ‘I’m leaving now’ not ‘I’m leaving you’ and I thought LOL meant lots of love and I’m so so sorry. I understand if your angry at me, that was a rotten stupid thing I did that cause you so much misery and I can’t apologize enough. I’ll do everything I can to make it up to you but for now I need you to know that I love you, and there’s no one else I’d rather be with. Ever”
Then a set of arms hesitantly wrapped around him from his side and that small gesture was enough to light up Steve’s whole world for a bit as he kneeled there in Tony’s embrace.
Tony just hummed an affirmation into Steve’s shoulder before pulling back to ask, “Can I get you to say that you were wrong again? I want to make it my ring tone.” Steve couldn’t help but laugh.
Steve slowly pulled the vibrator out of Tony making a show of it. Bucky swallowed hard as he looked at how Tony’s hole was already wet and drooling before Steve had even started. The muscles of his entrance fluttering but wasn’t able to close completely.
. We care about each other and usually we’re thankful for that fact. We make the calls we think are right.”
“So by the time you woke up in the chair it was already 11:45pm. I made sure that it was past Midnight before I told JARVIS to release you,” Steve explained looking apologetic.
“I’m sorry,” Tony blurted, hoping that that will at least clear some of the devastation away, but all it did was make his boys furrow their brow and look more distressed and confused.
“Hey Buck,” He tone was casual and Bucky would have turned to glare if he’s eyes weren’t stuck sliding over Tony’s gorgeous body. “JARVIS mentioned you asked for me? What did you need?”
Now a friendly comment pointed out to me that Tony had actually sent Steve 3 messages. So I changed the last few sentences of the last chapter to maintain consistency. You don't have to read it. It doesn't change the context too much. :)
“Yeah it was,” Bruce replied with a sympathetic expression. “Tony said it’s been a long time since he’s had home made cooking, and as far as he’s concerned, your cooking is the best. He actually had the most dopey smile one his face when he told me that the first time.” Bruce hesitated before continuing. “But it’s not just that Steve, he said it’s been so long since there was food available to him 3 times a day which is part of the reason he never ate full regular meals. And I don’t mean this offensively to Pepper, she’s a busy woman with a strenuous job, but it’s not like she’d cooked for him or gave him 3 meals a day. Telling him to eat is never going to be as effective as providing him with food,” Bruce then looked directly into Steve’s eyes. “Tony isn’t tolerating you making him sleep or eat. It’s you that’s provided him with the means so that he can sleep and eat. You didn’t force him Steve. You helped him. Supported him in what he does. I guarantee you that Tony appreciates it greatly. So, don’t beat yourself up about not returning all the things Tony does for you. You do give back. In a different way, but it’s just as meaningful and important.”
This time, Thor looked up and stared at Bruce. “Indeed,” it was a lie, and a poorly made one, but Bruce decided not to point it out. “It’s just, my father won’t answer.’”
Poking his head inside, the brunette found out that it was the bathroom. So no individual bathrooms, great. He thought grimly. It consists of a toilet, six bathroom stalls, and two sinks. His eyebrows practically disappeared, hiding somewhere near his hairline.
Bruce leaned in and stretched a hand for his own mug, “And you call Loki a liar,” He mumbled taking sip from his tea, Bruce was momentarily surprised that Tony didn’t screw it up, you never know about Tony, he could probably finish a complicated task in minutes but fail on the easy ones.
“Yeah, well, tell that to your still tomato of a face,” Tony gestured at Steve. “Seriously, that is a talent, no one could stay red that long, you know that right?”
He continued to trudge down the road as he continued to speak through the phone. “Anyway, that’s about it,” He paused but was still walking. “I would really want to hear back from you. Oh, and if you deleted my number again, it’s me, Thor, your brother.”
Suddenly, there was a scream—how Steve made it sound so manly was forever a mystery—then the door to the bathroom flew open. Tony never thought that it would be possible, but he’s pretty sure Steve’s face was even redder than before as he slammed the door closed.
Clint frowned at him. “I got you your stupid Back To The Future that you’ve been bitching about,” he said. “So now, it’s your turn to put a peephole on the door.”
Bruce blinked at Natasha, who was surveying the current event. Next to her was Tony, who was blinking way too much to be considered normal.
Bruce snapped up when the boiler suddenly shut off. After pulling the plug he pulled out his stack of tea and started placing one bag on each cup. “Tony was right, you know a lot,” he said jokingly.
Thor was about to open his mouth to say something when the lady suddenly frowned. Confused, Thor stopped walking and stared at her as she looked around. In just a few seconds, the lady sighed and ran a hand through her hair. “I missed my stop,” she said with a chuckle.
“It’s not my fault every nerd out there decided that watching Back to The Future at Friday night is an awesome thing to do,” Clint shot as he continued to fumble around the DVD player. “Hey, the manual here says red cord, all I can see is pink.”
Involving a topic not even connected with the fact that the guy’s been giving him dark circles under his eyes is such a low blow.
It was one of those complex where you easily forget, like how you see every person crossing the road, only to forget them the moment you look away. No one really knew what it should look like, all they know is that the building was forced to finish on short notice. Which led to its final product: looking like a weird structure.
Steve was suddenly pulled out from his thoughts when he heard someone calling his name. Snapping his head towards the voice, he saw Clint waving his hand at Steve. Spending his free time always alone suddenly felt depressing and someone asking him to come over made him…
“I chose to forget things, but I also chose not forget the reason why I have to.” Natasha pushed herself off the fridge. “Breaking that mirror isn’t nice, but if you look at it differently, there’s something good that came out of it. Forgetting that means forgetting the good that happened after that.”
“How much for the pizzas?” Natasha asked as she purposely ignored Steve’s eyes boring on her. He did it first, she couldn’t see why she can’t do it too.
“Fine,” Tony answered as he turned to look at Steve. “Steve, open the door and check the asshole knocking on the other side.”
The man nodded and continued to write something down. “So, this Tony, have you talked to him prior to the slipper incident?”
It felt so strange that just months ago he was always the center of attention, but with just one (ok maybe a few) mistakes, everything was suddenly gone. It’s like you’re on top of the world then after one wrong step, you’re now barrelling down the mountain, hitting rock bottom.
And the way he talks, as if he was really convinced with the idea, made Bruce snort. “So you’re saying you’re not normal because I’m normal?”
As soon as he got home—? He saw Clint’s post-it paper telling him to just place it on the counter. All expectation was immediately
Tony ignored the latter comment, “Well you could have chosen something more iconic, like Star Wars, not some dumb remake film.”
When Bruce found himself standing in the empty park again, Bruce sighed and sat down on one of the benches. Massaging his sore feet and inspecting his bleeding palms, he sighed again. He had just taken off his stitches on his knuckles, and know there’s another addition to his collection of injuries.
Tony used his shirt to wipe off the sweat from his face before sitting down across the man. “Which totally explains why you decided to help me,” Tony said. “Not that I’m complaining.”
There were a few moments of silence when something beeped from Natasha’s phone and Tony found himself staring at her as she fixed her stuff.
Natasha glanced at Thor who was out like a light, Steve who was half way there but was obviously trying his best to stay awake, Bruce who was eagerly watching the film with rapt attention, then at Tony and Clint who were still fighting, now over pointless things.
Bruce was a panting mess and he’s pretty sure that he’s starting to loose some feeling on his legs funny when he found Loki sitting by the end of a cliff, the view was as always beautiful, with all the city light looking like a bunch of Christmas lights. Pulling out his phone, he opened their group chat and texted:
There was silence on the other end, but Thor couldn’t really bother, he was still feeling giddy and everything. He couldn’t wait to tell Loki, even if he would probably ignore it.
Steve nodded, noting it down, before staring back at the two packets he was still holding. “I still don’t know which of this two should I buy.”
The image was simple, four rectangles that seem to represent a room with each residing a man. The first one was a man making a racket, the second was a man glaring at the wall of his room—directly at the man making the racket. While the last two rooms had the two men asleep.
“You know,” Tony almost dropped the pen he was holding. “When I left the note on the fridge, I was expecting answers from all of you, not just from Steve,” Clint said, biting down from the apple that he was holding as he sat next to Tony. “I just bumped into Thor a few minutes ago, he said he’ll watch whatever you guys want.”
Bruce was about to take another sip from his tea when he spotted Tony walking down the stairs wearing a sweatshirt and a pair of boxers, his hair was all over the place. Bruce’s eyebrows shot up to his hairline, Tony usually doesn’t wake up at this hour—even though class starts today it’s still too early. But then again there’s a bigger chance he hadn’t even slept at all.
“Fuck if I know,” Clint shrugged. “The kid got some serious walls built around himself, you never know if he’s lying or not.”
Natasha only shrugged before taking a sit on the floor, everyone stared at here but followed her action after seconds passed. They all sat there, trying not to watch how Bruce struggled.
Thor beamed before pocketing his phone. “Indeed I am! This is wonderful! I have finally made a friend!”
When Bruce moved in, he was perched on the roof that he secretly climbs from his window. He actually had half a mind to help the guy but decided not to. It was amusing to watch him carry his boxes while he trips on non-existent rocks, how he searched for other occupants in the building while shouting ‘hello’, or how he got surprised seeing Clint’s sticky notes in the fridge.
“He was obviously teaching the method wrong, and he’s just embarrassed that he’s been teaching it wrongly for the past sixteen years he’s been a professor.”
Clint blinked unimpressed, then took a bite, then blinked again—more unimpressed. “I shouldn’t probably be saying this, but you should lay off the coke and get back to school.”
Befriending one person apparently isn’t going to change anything, for starters, Thor isn’t even sure if she goes to the same university. He stared at his phone and frowned a frown that could make babies cry as he stared at his contacts. The only thing in it was Loki’s.
Bruce adjusted his backpack as he reevaluated his last experiment and tries to determine where he went wrong. Then again, he was working under pressure considering that he was using the labs when it wasn’t even allowed to be used yet.
Clint continued to click his tongue before leaning in and placing his elbows on the table. “Remember the time when I said something about superheroes.”
If he was going to write a list of reasons why he shouldn’t spend his college life here, he’d be on the second page at this point. Also, seriously? One toilet? And no privacy whatsoever?
He must’ve read Steve’s facial expression as the man answered Steve’s question, “You start remembering someone when they keep making the same work.”
There was silence at the other end of the line and Tony wondered if Pepper ended up sleeping on him.
Steve stared at the number of blueberry muffins he had just made that night and laughed. Other people complain about stress eating, Steve seems to do the other part a lot nowadays. And he had to admit that it's definitely complain-worthy.
Seemingly contented, Natasha went back at staring at her phone. “Anything but the third installment,” she said.
“Mood swings, being defensive, I could still list off a lot of things but the point is you’re showing signs of drug relapse,” he said. “You also reacted weird, back when we first met, when I mentioned you using coke.” He must sound like an asshole, considering that he was listing it off like he was reciting his grocery list. But he wasn’t there to sugar coat, he was there to drill the things the kid needs to know inside his head. “You’re also showing signs of drug usage, so I’m guessing you already had a fix a couple of days ago, am I right?”
He continued to chew and stare blankly ahead when he spotted an uncanny looking guy, probably a few years younger than him, glaring at the hotdog stand where Clint had bought his lunch. The boy was dressed like he just grabbed the first thing he saw on someone’s clothesline—coming from a person who used to actually do that in a weekly basis, Clint can vouch for that assumption, or maybe a neon green blouse and plaid slacks is his type of style —and one look on the guy’s hair, Clint knew no one bothered to introduce shampoo and conditioner on the poor guy, it’s like his hair was soaked in oil for three years..
Tony muttered something that sounded exactly like “still haven’t met the other one,” before downing his cup of coffee in one gulp.
Then the boy did something Clint wasn’t expecting, he snorted out a laugh. “I don’t think so, I’m pretty sure I did a good move,” Then he produced Clint’s wallet, and Clint ended up patting his pockets to make sure, but the wallet on the boy’s hands were really his. “I’m pretty good at fooling people, remember?”
He jumped which Thor, bless the oblivious idiot, didn’t notice when the kid was obviously intimidated by him.
But then, Bruce gave him a small smile and shrugged. “Well, we’re just in the same boat,” he said gesturing at Tony’s blueprints. “Engineer?”
“The ghost actually followed her? I thought ghosts are supposed to stay at the placed they’re supposed to be haunting,” Clint asked from the floor as he shoved a fistful of popcorn to his mouth. “En shi dos’t ven lib der.”
Peggy turned to look at him, she must have caught Steve’s awkward reaction towards the situation because her eyebrows slowly rose up. “You have no idea what I’m talking about do you?”
Bruce sighed. “Trust me, I had more when I moved here,” He said. “I kept waiting for one of them to show up, and for a while, I thought I was alone. Then I actually saw one of them leaving their room—she ignored me by the way. Then I realized that the fridge always had something inside with a sticky note that has the name Clint on it. So yeah, you’re actually the first person I had a decent conversation around here.”
Rather than finding it annoying, Natasha found it rather amusing. She decided to watch how things would turn out, because the longer she stayed, she realized that she was right.
Clint on the other hand just patted—though it looks more like slapping—the empty chair beside him. “You can sit with me.”
Steve snorted. “Contrary to popular belief, you’re not my only friend. How did you think I survived my childhood?”
“I was so full of myself that I did not know what was going on,” Thor supplied which earned a couple of questionable faces because, this is Thor, the guy that had a hard time making friends was full of himself? Steve had a hard time believing it.
Bruce stared at the closed duct taped door of the building before sighing. He’s never going to let go of that night, apparently. Slowly pushed the door open, only to see Thor pacing in the living room, his phone next to his ear. His long hair that used to be on a bun was a mess, as if he had been running his fingers through it for the past hours.
“Now I’m good with Science, and Math—let’s not forget Math—so if you think I’m hanging out with you because of something else—probably connected to the missing mirror in our bathroom—stop it immediately, because you can’t possibly think that Clint can appreciate my wisdom.”
Thor opened his mouth to say something, but the lady (Thor assumed as Natasha) dropped her bag on the kitchen counter before dropping down on one of the armchairs.
Bruce blinked, Tony said something about Loki being a liar, which Clint agreed, is this one of those moments? “What? Loki, what—”
“Justin Hammer?” Steve asked hesitantly. “I can’t see the connection with watching the film and Justin Hammer.”
Before he could excuse himself to grab his hearing aids up his room, Tony threw him a box. He immediately caught it, before he could ask what the hell it was, Tony was out the door.
He stuffed his hands in pockets, Steve knew this move, he watched it in some kind of movie before. Natasha is trying to play safe. “Do you know something?”
Taking her eyes of Thor, she glanced around the living room and bit on her apple. “If you’re all going to sit like statues for the rest of the evening, I’m going to call it a night.”
“Right,” Bruce said, suddenly wanting to go back to bed, only to remember why he got up in the first place. “I’m just gonna go pee now.”
Steve just stared at him. “Natasha’s in there,” he said as if he was elaborating the world’s last hope for world peace.
It was fortunate enough that the kitchenette had an oven, but that doesn’t mean he’ll make excessive amounts of pies. Just because there was a news about a plane crash doesn’t mean he’ll bake at an ungodly hour and lose his concentration on the process. He’s not rich for heaven’s sake, he should be using his money wisely.
Tony snorted. “Oh don’t worry, I wasn’t forcing myself,” he said. “Humiliating someone’s actually part of my three o’clock schedule.”
By the time Natasha had decided that staying for the film was not a bad idea, the argument between Tony and Clint had changed drastically.
Thor’s eyebrows furrowed, but not in a way that one would think that he was angry, he looked more of a kicked puppy, a kicked golden retriever, a kicked golden retriever that towers most human beings. “I have been receiving similar comments from others, but I cannot help it. I was taught to speak your language this way.”
Clint knew he was crossing a line, but the longer he puts it off, the longer it’ll nag him. Shouldn’t the kid be at home? Or in rehab? He shouldn’t bother, he knew it wasn’t any of his business, because really, he should just ignore it, or the the kid himself. But dammit, turns out he’s not done surpassing Tony’s act of kindness.
Granted, Tony’s room had always been nosy at an ungodly hour ever since he moved there. But he could live with it, he could sleep through Tony’s ruckus completely unfazed, because, well, Clint’s
After that, Tony seem to see Steve everywhere he went. Heading for his next class, he would somehow see Steve standing by the gate with his messenger bag. Visiting the library, Steve would somehow end up talking to the librarian. And the funny thing was: Steve's not even following him.
A few weeks in, with each rooms getting taken, Natasha found herself staring at none other than Anthony Edward Stark through her window. She gets it, a few people actually took a tour around the place, like that big blonde All-American guy and that other guy named Bruce. She just couldn’t wrap her head why Tony, the Tony Stark, was looking for a place to stay.
At this point, Bruce almost forgot about his bathroom fiasco, if it wasn’t for the very obvious missing mirror whenever he uses the bathroom, or the very slowly fading black eye Steve had plastered on his face whenever he sees him.
“Why are you looking at those popcorn packets as if you’re going to decide whether to launch the atomic bomb or something?”
Pepper turned to face him, she smiled, “You’re right, I don’t, but Tony already bombarded me with enough messages and if he started calling me I might lose my shit.” Note; she was still smiling.
Hey ya'll! Happy Valentines, hope you all had a great Holiday 'cause i certainly did. And no, I don't have boyfriend, yes I went on a date, no it wasn't romantic, yes it was a friend.
Steve turned and saw Peggy peering on his canvas. Steve furrowed his eyebrows and stared at his work. They were asked to paint anything that day, and Steve found himself making a simple piece: a man sitting crossed legged eating spaghetti while his whole surroundings were covered in different kinds of hotdogs (hotdog on a stick, mini hotdogs, footlongs, all kinds).
Natasha glared at the notes, how she managed to sound like her therapist was not exactly a nice thing to realize.
She glanced at the shelf and saw that the little notebook was still there. Either Steve’s not so great with finding things that are practically there in front of his face, or he just never bothered to search.
The boy went through a lot of passageways that could probably lose typical civilians, or policemen, but if there’s one thing Clint’s good at when he still used to steal stuff, it was running away. Basically, the kid’s definition of escaping was child’s play. Honestly, Clint was only waiting for the kid to run out of fuel.
“It was disgusting,” Steve snapped. “Unhygienic, there’s nothing about it that suggests being a prude.”
“Save it, Romanoff. I’d recognize Barton’s after-sex-glow anywhere.” He smirked. “Anyways, if I have to read the word ‘redacted’ one more time I’ll explode. So, in your own words, how was Budapest?” He asked. Nat looked at him with a flash of shock on her face before a flick of Tony’s eyebrow reminded her that he is one of the smartest people to have ever existed. Of course he knew where they were. No amount of S.H.I.E.L.D. cover-up operations could touch his intelligence.
“So how was it having to readjust to a brand new kind of world?” He said. It felt like he had spoken for an hour.
A shrill, unfamiliar sound cut through the air. Steve, being half asleep on the couch in front of the quiet, dim television, took a moment to register it. He pushed himself up, his body still aching. Three weeks had passed since the fight in Siberia and he was still limping, still dreaming about the fear in Tony’s eyes when his mask came off, wishing he hadn’t been the one to make Tony feel that way. He was supposed to be on the other side, right? Fighting for Tony, not against him. But Bucky means the world to him. He is the only tangible connection Steve has to his past. Tony knew this and fought him anyway. How was Steve supposed to feel about that?
“Nice try, Stark. I’m not married.”  Tony could hear his footsteps as he left the elevator. He couldn’t muster the courage to turn around.  “Aren’t you going to greet your guests?” He bellowed.
“Jeez, for your sake, Romanoff, I hope he isn’t that robotic in bed.” Tony stood from his chair and walked toward the kitchen as Nat laughed and looked away, unable to hide her cheeky smile.
“Yeah, I mean, what are you expecting this to turn into? A frat house?” Nat joked, unaware of just how much that comment had hurt Tony. Was his loneliness so obvious that even when he created something so beautiful, it only served as a reminder that no-one would use it?
When their eyes met, Tony felt every emotion that he had been pushing down for the last two years. Of course he hadn’t been completely alone since Pepper. He’d still had his best friend and right hand man James Rhodes, but Rhodey has been stationed abroad for the past 6 months, so Tony had spent a lot of time alone. He had no one to confide in or talk to, let alone share his crazy midnight inventions with - until now.
Tony decided that the best way around this situation was to avoid the topic altogether. Of course, it may come up during their initial introductions, but if Tony kept his distance from Steve and, when he couldn’t help that, avoid the topic of his father in conversation, Steve would get the message. As he pulled on a new pair of jeans and layered a long sleeved t-shirt with a short sleeved t-shirt, he ran through all of the possibilities in his head. Steve getting the hint that he didn’t want to talk about his past, Steve firstly insisting and then eventually catching on, all the way to Steve chasing him around like a bunny rabbit desperate to discuss the great Howard Stark, not giving up until Tony literally punched the hint through his throat. After a satisfying chuckle at this image in his head, Tony sat down on his bed, faced with his reflection in the mirror. Look at you, the mess your father turned you into.
“Captain Rogers? Guy he worked with back in the 30’s. America’s treasure, died for the country, blah blah. That guy?” Bruce asked
Steve rushed around the apartment searching for the source of the ringing and the closer he got to his bedside table, the closer he came to realizing where the sound was coming from. It was the burner phone.
He walked slowly and unsteadily back toward the door to the living area which burst open just as he reached for the handle. Nick entered and closed the door behind him, walking toward Tony quickly, forcing Tony to retreat until he slammed his lower back against a table. Despite Tony now being in crippling pain, Nick still yelled at him in as hushed a voice as he could manage.
“You wish, Banner.” Tony said. “Listen, I need to talk to you about some stuff before this all goes down.” He walked to Bruce and spun them both around so they were facing away from Nat and Clint. “Y’know that one thing I’m super sensitive about?” He said frantically.
“Yeah, yeah...I’m just, I don’t know. Since Pepper and I broke up it’s been pretty lonely. And Fury’s been on my back about this Avengers thing.”
“Whatever, Steve. If you cared, you wouldn’t have done what you did. If you cared, you wouldn’t have chosen him. If you cared...if you cared, we’d still be together.” Tony’s voice broke right there. As much as he tried to hide it, Steve could hear him crying. “I need you, Steve. God, I’m so angry, and I’m shouting and I’m insulting you and I’m telling you I regret this, but...I need you. I need you so bad.” He cried.
“Damn, and I thought it would be weird with Banner and me, who knew!” Tony heard Nat say from behind Bruce.
“That’s what he’s calling it. The Avengers Initiative. It needs to go well. I think SH.I.E.L.D. have a lot riding on it.” He said, continuing to pace, this time back in the direction of the floor-to-ceiling windows installed perpendicular to the bar. “Fury has two other people in mind. One’s some kind of God from another planet and one’s this guy – you might have heard of him, probably not – named Steve Rogers.” Tony said, struggling to hide his anger. His whole childhood had been lived in Steve’s shadow. He had been close friends of Howard’s and any argument that came between Tony and his dad always lead to a comment about Steve. The “great American hero who did something with his life”.
“Tony, you know what Bucky means to me. And you know he didn’t know what he was doing when he did it. I stopped you because I knew you’d regret what you did if you did it and-”
“Drunk. Affected by alcohol to the extent of losing control of one's faculties or behaviour. Yeah. Yeah I’m fucking drunk. Would I call you sober? I mean, God, would I even look at you sober? Probably not. You’re disgusting.” Tony spat. His words cut through Steve and stung far more than any punch Tony had ever landed on him. “I mean, I gave my everything to you. Literally, everything. All of me. Everything I have, everything I am, I shared with you. And you pull this shit on me? You lied. You lied! You’re a fucking liar! You knew Barnes killed my parents. You’d known for years. You kept it from me. And for what? So you could leave me for him when he came back? You kept secrets from me, you didn’t share with me you weren’t there for me. Not when I needed it.” He sounded like he was crying now, but so was Steve, so he couldn’t truly tell. “You never committed to this, to us, because you were waiting for something better to come along. I should’ve known, should’ve known I wasn’t good enough for you to love me, but God I think I just wished so hard that I was, that I started to believe it.” He was laughing again. Steve felt like the floor was being ripped from beneath him. “I started to believe that you loved me, that you wanted me, that you needed me. The way I needed you. But you didn’t. Ever. Isn’t that just fucking hysterical?”
“Then I accused Tony of being vindictive and then…..Oh No” Steve dropped his face into his hands and tried to hold panic at bay but managed to finish what he was saying. “Then I told him that what I said was for the both of us. Which, as would be expected, made Tony so angry. He yelled that it was in no way for his benefit” Steve then rose his head to look Natasha dead in the eye to say “I was talking about the lecture I gave him in the morning about his own safety and Yes I’m aware that what I said isn’t necessarily true in that context either but I would
“He’s so ready for you Buck. It’s too bad. Guess it’ll just go to waste then.” Bucky’s erection twitched in his pants.
While Tony jerked uselessly against Steve to try and get Steve’s dick back inside himself. “Well then tell me
The dread however quickly turned to anger as he looked at Steve who was looking at him in concern. “This is all your fault!”
Steve then looked into Tony’s shocked expression, arms still slightly raised, with growing dread. He wasn’t suppose to have said any of that. Oh no, this was going to end up pushing Tony away. Why had he said any of that?!
“Please…fullBucky…Moremoreplease” escaped from Tony’s lips and Bucky went back to Tony’s ear to softly shush him. “He didn’t give ya whacha wanted did he doll? He didn’t ride ya hard enough or use ya rough enough did he?“ Tony nodded as he continued to wail out. “It’s okay doll face. I’m going to give you exactly what you need okay?”
Steve could feel tears going down his cheeks but they were from joy, so he couldn’t complain. He grabs Tony and pulls Tony into his arms. However, when he goes to give Tony a kiss, Tony turned his head away and Steve was immediately reminded of the situation as if a bucket of ice water had been poured over his head. “Tony, you can’t serious have just said all that only to still want to break up with me? I don’t think that’s the best way to reassure me of what you just said.” Even to his own ears he sounded incredulous.
“Ghnn….” A growl escaped his lips as he went to rest his upper body on top of Tony. “Oh God Kitten, you feel so good.” He pulled out a bit to try and thrust more of himself into Tony who’s face with getting his blissed out expression again.
“Bruce, you’re not helping either. You need to take a deep breath and calm down. Can’t you see Steve is also suffering pretty badly here? He doesn’t need you beating him up, he’s doing an amazing job at doing it to himself.” Her word did seem to have an effect as Bruce snapped his mouth shut and didn’t look like he was going to open it again anytime soon. Natasha turned back to Steve once more. She crouches down next to him and runs her fingers through his hair. The movement as quite soothing and Steve found himself at least quieting down if not calming down.
“Steve I think you’re going to have a hard time moving past this without talking to him.” Bruce also making the effort to convince Steve. “Just talk to him about it Steve, if not for yourself, then do it because you want to avoid accidentally hurting Tony with your insecurities in the future. Plus, if he knows about them then maybe he won’t misinterpret your actions as you not wanting him in the future.”
Bucky couldn’t help but think he was beautiful but then his eyes flicked upward from Tony’s hole to try and see his face even though it wasn’t possible from this angle. Then he noticed it. There was a slight bulge protruding from Tony’s abdominal that raised and fell with Steve’s thrusts. Fuck…
He shook his head. Tony knows him better than anyone. Tony was his best friend and Steve had never hesitated to share any part of himself with Tony
“Steve, Buddy,..” Clint came up behind him. “I don’t know what you’re thinking but I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to go down and see Tony right now.”
Steve reminded himself before taking one last breath and then knocking. He wasn’t going to just barge in there either.
Tony wasn’t passed out. He was actually a lot of alcohol away from that, but he was tired. This day had been entirely draining. At least the alcohol seems to have taken the edge off the pain.
“No, I was wrong.” Steve stated firmly. “I shouldn’t have said you compromised the team. It was a low blow and completely not true. I’ve been thinking about it and if we weren’t dating would you still have dove in front of that bomb?”
“Oh Steve,” Natasha stops him before his spiral could become even more self deprecating. “I’m sorry Steve, I should have realized. We all got fooled because you’re always trying to help Tony with his insecurities, we should have recognized that you have them too. You must get some mean stuff thrown at you because Tony’s a lot older and rich.”
“I think the question you mean to ask is when did I realized that there were people in the world who would not be accepting of me being gay?”
“Hulk no! Look over there, there’s a cat stuck in a tree that needs you,” Clint was quick to react with a distraction.
He waited and just when he though that maybe Tony wasn’t inside or maybe he fell asleep, he heard it.
“I guess Steve told everyone huh?” Tony muttered with glossy eyes. Bruce quickly grabbed a wipe from the table to get all the tea off of Tony’s left hand, which were visibly shaking.
He’d almost thought that Tony wasn’t going to reply but then his ears picked up something. Sobbing. The kind that rocked your whole body and made snot drip from your nose as your whole face scrunches up.
Steve, while normally sympathetic to the junior SHIELD agents, was now considering tearing this particular agent limb from limb. Junior agent better hope that Natasha gets to him first.
“Look Tony I know you’re upset! But you can’t get mad at me for caring!” Even as he said it, he felt like the biggest hypocrite, because isn’t that what he did? Get mad at Tony for caring? Taking his affection and throwing it back in his face. But if nothing else Tony was good at getting a rise out of him.
Steve shook his head. Despite all the hurt, all the frustration at constant having to fight to defend Tony from himself but gaining barely inches, Steve could see no other option. Steve would consider no other option but to continue to fight for Tony, because that’s what Tony needed and it’s what Steve wanted to do.  If Tony wasn’t going to defend himself, well Steve had promised not just to Tony but also himself and everyone else that loves Tony, that he’d always be there to defend Tony, to build him up, and never let go because he loves Tony beyond anything.
“I…” Steve started, but then paused. He couldn’t find the right words back in the work shop, how could he find the right words now?
Even though Tony had only give one stroke with his mouth, Steve’s dick was too long to swallow around and when Tony went to raise himself from Steve’s dick several streams of drool flowed down to his chin.
Uh oh! One word replies, that’s also never a good sign. Tony couldn’t help but cringe. It’s been a while since Steve has been this mad at him over something in the battle field. Tony kept trying though.
Steve fearing what Bruce was going to say defended “Yeah, I’ve always tried my best to help him through those, but it probably didn’t hel…”
Tony continued to squirm but did manage to be more coherent now that he wasn’t out of his mind in pleasure. “I want...nh..I want your huge cock Steve! I want to worship you cock with my body. I want you to…. I want you to ram it into me so hard I won’t be able to walk for a week and feel you every time I sit. I want you to stretch me so loose I don’t think my asshole will ever close again….ugh Steve I want you to fuck me until I’m screaming and…..I want you to come inside me so many times that I can’t hold it all and it leaks from me or it starts getting pushed out every time you thrust…god Steve….
.. He raised his head to shout as much but was stopped when the smell of Rooibos tea hit his nose. It was the stuff from Nepal that Bruce treasured. He looked to see Bruce coming his way with huge mug and a sympathetic smile.
Bucky gasped mouth going completely dry. He’s straining so much against the restrains that a normal person would have snapped their wrists. He doesn’t think he’s every wanted it Needed it this badly. The front of his pants soaked with precum long ago.
“For both of us?! No Rogers don’t even pretend that it was for my benefit too! I’m not denying that it needed to be said if that’s how you felt but there is nothing about this that is for my benefit!” Tony all but screamed. How can Steve say that losing one of the most treasured things in his life was for his benefit?! But Steve seemed devastated by Tony’s response.
“I promise I won’t try to commit suicide or drink myself to death. So, you don’t need to be checking on me. I’ll tell JARVIS to get you when I’m ready to talk, alright?” That wasn’t quite what Steve wanted. He hated waiting and not knowing.
“ I promise I won’t try to commit suicide or drink myself to death. So, you don’t need to be checking on me. I’ll tell JARVIS to get you when I’m ready to talk, alright?” He says, causing Steve to turn back around a bit.
blowjobs and the like to his boyfriend. It was torture and he definitely would have loss by day one if the stakes weren’t so high because come on, Tony was a sexy piece of ass okay? And on top of that was the amazing skills Tony had picked up over his lifetime.
Then he felt the fat head of Steve’s cock push at Tony’s rim and he couldn’t think of anything else except that sensation. It was so unbelievably tight but a glance at Steve told him that Steve wasn’t about to relent which means the only way for this to end is when Tony’s body allows Steve’s dick entry into his soft tunnel on the other side of the rim. Tony was breathing hard and still letting out whines as Bucky watched intently as Steve was very close to getting the head of his penis into Tony.
Steve had made is most of the way in with a inch still to go. “God Buck, it’s like a vice around my cock, I just can’t get that last bit in even with my strength,” Steve panted out before he started to pull back out. “I guess I need to fuck you loose first Tony. How’s that sound sweet pea? What are you feeling?”
“Steve ugh, lettt go. Ggget off of meee. I’m fine…fine. I don’t nnneed you to llook after me anymor…..”
“Tones, please don’t ever apologize for not having gone through anything horrible that we’ve experienced. I’m glad that you were able to be who you are without judgement.” Steve had the most earnest expression on his face.
“So this bet is more important than Tony is what you’re telling me?” Steve turned a serious expression to him.
I need you to leave. I need distance right now.”  Steve wanted to yank all his hair out. It’s obvious that Tony wasn’t getting what he was saying, and every time he tried to explain he seems to make it worse.
“I.. Don’t be vindictive Tony. I was simply stating what I felt at the time. Beside I said it for both of our sakes!”
Even Natasha seemed pleased with Clint’s words which is a good since there had been a decent chance that Natasha was going to stab him for talking to her like that.
Then Steve slowly and deliberately dropped to his knees right beside Tony and put his hand on Tony’s thigh. He couldn’t deny that when Tony flinched a piercing pain went through his chest. However, Tony didn’t pull away and that show of trust was already enough to warm his heart. From this angle, he was able to look up at Tony’s face which still displayed his anguish.
He knew that people didn’t deserve each other, that there wasn’t rhyme or reason to life, but he also knew that much of life was situational. Unfortunately, everyone has so little control over the situation in the best of times. He knew that whether you win or lose a trial is situational. He knew that right and wrong was arguable. He knew that the truth was circumstantial. More than anything he knew that whether you end up with someone was rarely controlled by the emotion of love. Of course, sometimes you can fight and conquer certain situations for love, but there were countless more situations that were impossible to defeat.
Right now I just need you to leave. I need distance right now.” Tony look another step back with that statement.
Steve stared at Bucky’s face gauging how serious he was while Tony started to whine because Steve’s cock was not longer slamming into his mouth. Bucky’s hits also slowed which seemed to add to Tony’s distress but he couldn’t do anything about it since Steve and Bucky’s hands were unmovable at his hair and hips respectively. “You’re right, he’s a whore and whores like him need to be stretch wide. That’s what will get him to come untouched.”
Hearing Tony defend Steve was just making him for angrier. How dare Steve say those things knowing what he knows about Tony’s tendency to self blame? “Is that the excuse he gave you so that you would dump him?! That’s bullshit Tony. We’re going to go upstairs. I’m going to tear Steve a new one. Then you’re going to realized that everything you’ve just said is a lie and if Steve is still alive, you’re going to talk this out so that you two will stop moping and be happy again, okay?” Bruce demanded. The only thing that held him back from changing was the need to finish the current discussion.
“Sure, I can Cap.” He pops the P and took another step back for distance. He needed this distance, even if right now it was mostly physical distance. He’ll work on the mental distance later. “It’s not your job to care anymore is it?” Steve looked so frustrated. He still looked stunning. To think that Tony was thinking about that vary look earlier today.
Determinedly Tony lowered his mouth around Steve cock going to take as much into his mouth as he could. It was a smart move. Steve really didn’t have a lot of patience for teasing when it came to sex. Tony gave a really good effort and was able deep throat up to how far Steve was able to bury himself into Tony’s ass previously. Steve groans his pleasure “Yes… All your holes are made for our pleasure aren’t they Tony? …Ugh….Buck his mouth feels so hot and wet…”
He then felt all of his muscles turn to slug as he sagged in appreciation. He thought he wanted to be alone and mourn in peace, but the sight of Bruce made him realized how much he’d longed for company. His insides warmed as he thought about how he wasn’t alone anymore. He had a team now, friends. He didn’t have to go through anything alone anymore, not even conflicts with other team members. He trusted them to have his back and to be there for him. In fact, he
Just when he thought that Tony was going to start talking to him, Tony burst into tears and all but flung himself into Bruce. Wow, Tony was heavier than he looked, but Bruce tried his best to comfort him through his sobs. Bruce tried to rub soothing circles in Tony’s back while the fabric at his shoulder was slightly soaked. “Hey Tony, it’s okay. If you tell me what’s wrong, maybe we can fix it?” If Tony was the one to break up with Steve, then there was about a 50% chance that the reason was irrational, and he might be able to get them back together.
