“FBI analyst would be Charlie. Dammit— she knows plenty of my secrets for blackmail. You’re going there professionally, right, babe?”
"Stop it already…" Dean breathed and Castiel finally saw him step in the light. Dean emerged from the shadows and what Castiel saw almost made his heart stop.
“You got a taste,” Jason nods sounding impressed, “why don’t you get his number?”
“That’s the guy named Dick Cartwright. He used the stairwell undetected and headed to the service room coming out into the hallway and room 45A, North.” Dean nodded while the feed was playing.
“Cassie, oh good, you’re still eating. April told me she saw you here so I came here to deliver what I promised you last time. I thought I’d go directly to your dorm but since we’re here, I better give it to you.” Saying so, he produced two smoked drumsticks in a transparent plastic bag, took Castiel’s hand and gave it to him. “It’s better to eat it while it’s hot.”
There was a beat. Dean didn’t remember standing up, but he was. He was breathing hard. Dr. Novak just eyed him quietly until Dean settled down on the couch with hands clasped tight. His heart was still thumping in his chest, blood pumping in his ears. It took a while before he could ease his breathing and see properly that Dr. Novak watched him solemnly.
Castiel nodded but a long pause followed it next. He let his eyes linger on the bed, caught himself because Dean was watching him with hyper fixation so he cleared his throat. "So um... I should be going... "
Securing the perimeter and doing a routinely protective measures, Castiel wrinkled his nose at the strange odor of sulfur. It was his first clue before the door’s lock clicked which made him jump. Before he could react, the lights turned. Castiel spun and there was Dean sitting by the bed, hair brushed up neatly, expression smug with his legs stretched before him, body the most fit it has been that Castiel could note.
The growls turned menacing. Castiel threw himself out of bed and shut the window curtains. Before he did, he saw a pair of glowing eyes in the bushes. Then a flick of tail in the air, he saw a fat Tabby staring back at him with its owl-like eyes as it sat on his fence. Castiel was tempted to have a staring contest for a second before pulling the curtains, ignoring the nasty feeling that the felines were plotting something against him. It didn’t bode well to sleep on his enemies watching him. He muttered curses as he collapsed on the bed, making sleeping impossible when there were claws scratching the ceiling and walls. He promised himself he’ll talk to Mrs. Butters, prepare his dialogues to sound firm but not at all hard. He’d never want to upset the woman, but this was upsetting him.
“Let’s get the Mark off him, then.” Dean tapped out on the table, a grave voice not missing a beat. “Get it over with, get Chuck to see the reason it’s pointless to focus his self-indulgent, perverse, anger on us and move his ass on, he’s not a baby for crying out loud.” When they just stared at him, Dean impatiently slammed both hands on the table, “That’s the only ending Sam hadn’t seen! Let’s take a chance at that than wait for Cas to turn into the angel-monster machine. That’s not happening.”
“You’re right that’s because,” the instructor drew their attention to a board with a pig’s structure, “more milk comes out of the sow’s nipples closer to the front than the rump. As soon as pigs are born, they compete over access to milk and select a teat as their personal use.  The stronger ones get the front-side ones and the weaker ones get pushed farther to the end. The farther behind they are, the less they have access to the best milk. This small piglet here has lost the competition.”
“No. It’s… alright.” Castiel was so relaxed in Dean’s arms he felt a little sleepy. Maybe he overdid cleaning the pigpen.
“D-don’t say it like that, geez.”
A hand touched his chin and lifted it. Dean almost smiled when Castiel drew close, smacking the air back into his lungs at the proximity that cared for nothing in the vicinity.
They walked side by side to the open beach, seeing the blueness of the sky solid like it’s made from the wall. The ocean is sparkling from the reflected sunlight. There are few people outside enjoying the view that early, but the location of their lodging is far more private.
“Wow, Castiel’s nicer than we thought.”
“Is Castiel Novak here? The pork arrived. It’s in the meat processing room.”
Doctor Novak closed his eyes.
“What? No, I wasn’t going to fall, what am I a kid?”
“I think we’re past apologies now,” he said quietly and just stared intensely at those hungry eyes, “unless you want to leave it as it is?”
“Who do you think my mom is?”
“I’m a bomb squad—”
“You’ll have extraneous time, I’ll be fine jumping Baby anytime, but yeah,” Dean didn’t look as sleepy as Castiel thought, “we’ll continue guarding. How’s Ham? Still a push around?”
“What a unique family reunion.” Gabriel put lightly, but he too was looking grave.
“Um…” Castiel fought down the urge to look down the front of his coat, “So um… has anyone attractive, someone, that stood out among other people, noticeably with striking green eyes, been here?”
That struck Castiel and his face fell. Dean nodded at the same time his hold on Castiel’s arm loosened. It was not the words that cut Castiel the most, it was the resigned tone in Dean’s voice that absolutely believed he was not a recipient of any happy ending.
“I’m adding another scratch on this table. It’s the ninth time I got fucked here—”
“Yeah, I mean, you guys, we're already hitting it off from the beginning.” One of their classmates said.
“Really? Don’t you have a dream you want to pursue?”
Because midnight meant slumber. And slumber meant terrorizing his body. He shut his eyes and drowned himself on the tub. It was better underneath, it was quieter. It was safer. But it burned his lungs. Tired as he was, he had to resurface. It felt good, it distracted him from the awful that hated him with vengeance. He counted the seconds that passed feeling his body trembling at the icy cold water. But the pain distracted him from his thoughts.
“My enemies caught up with me. That’s all there is to say.”
“Meeting her in about ten minutes. We just gotta put all this stuff in the barn house. Speaking of which, you want to tell me why it’s a barn house?”
Dean let go of his hand slowly. Castiel pulled it back avoiding Dean’s eyes. Nothing has changed except him no longer an angel.
Dean pulled back with blades in his eyes as he cornered Castiel back to the end of the bed. The angel had never been intimidated and if there were times like those, it would only always be Dean Winchester.
The next day, he was met with a yawning Dean Winchester as they cleaned the pig pen where the eight pigs were busy eating. Dean was teary-eyed as he came up behind Castiel, dragging the mop with him.
But cleaning was as tiresome as jogging along the entire school. Castiel was assigned to the forest at the back of the school between the tracking field and the main building. All the students were given cleaning gear with gloves and trash bags including tongs that Castiel used to pick up trash. He picked up stuff from tin cans to magazines, old card boxes, rotting boxers and an old shoe without its pair.
“What? Castiel’s going to make pizza?” he heard a group of other dairy farmers from another student say as he was cleaning the nursery area where Ham stays “He’s already doing a bunch of research on the whole thing! It’ll be happening this weekend!” It was Gavin.
“Are you okay, Cas?” Dean half-shouted amidst the racket that was currently making Castiel grit his teeth. They were cramped inside a small truck of Dean’s uncle called Bobby, who had come to pick them up from school. To say he was comfortable was the least he would admit: they left the main road an hour ago and what proceeded next was like a trip to a rocky mountain. Not to mention, they were going at full speed, because apparently, no one cares for speed here. So Castiel had been gritting his teeth when Dean asked the question. He even wondered how Dean was talking without biting his tongue. One bump on the road and Castiel hit his head pretty awfully. He was sure to have a bump soon.
“Really?”
Castiel hummed. “What about that?”
Castiel and Dean exchanged looks, making him wish it was morning already so he can bask in Dean’s beauty. He just remembered Dean’s offer yesterday too.
“Cas… you’re interested in that?”
“It’s an old wrecked house that used to belong to an old couple who lived here. They passed away years ago and their children never really returned to take care of the piece of land. I don’t blame them, their farm got bankrupt and the children just decided to work in the city, that’s what I heard.”
“Hey, what’s got you occupied?” Dean asked as he brought in a pile of hay to feed Baby, “Baby’s sulking already. You know how horses are always sensitive.”
“Did you make all of these?” Dean asked, pinching one and throwing it on his mouth which earned him a glare from Mr. Sergei.
“You look bad, man. Did you lose weight? Have you eaten breakfast yet?”
Castiel melted he wondered if there was any way to be closer until Dean’s warm palms framed his face, stared at him for a second like he was seeing all the answers in the world before pulling his head and forcefully claimed his lips with both their tongues greeting each other, full locking on tasting each other’s mouth. The sound of their heated kiss filled the kitchen, while Dean’s hand rubbed up and down Castiel’s back until both palms pressed at the bump of his ass and groped him. Castiel swallowed Dean’s tongue and moaned. Dean was groping his ass like he would a stress ball and it was getting a good reaction from Castiel’s twitching length.
Stealthily he took the pamphlet and sneaked it inside his coat, making sure not toddler saw his sly behavior.
"Already?"
And with that, Uncle Bobby closed the door of his truck to leave. “Are you sure you guys will be okay?”
“Of course, that’s a given.” He said in a matter-of-fact tone and saw Dean’s face fall.
Castiel stood and walked up to Dean, leaving only the rails between them. His lover definitely was easy to get distracted.
“I can see that,” Castiel smiled softly.
“Still, I wish they’d let us ride those horses,” Kevin said, staring at the paddocks to their seniors. “Dean’s really good already but he’s still sticking to it. I heard he’s joined popular horse racing since a kid and won many times.”
“Cas…” Dean inhaled sharply, his green eyes dancing meaningfully under the stable light with no one but the horses to watch them. Castiel smiled and leaned closer to him, ghosting his lips over Dean’s mouth.
“You’re here.” Castiel began.
“I sure do,” Castiel leaned down to give Dean a chaste kiss. Dean responded almost too eagerly, sealing their mouths again when Castiel dared to pull and lost himself in the warmth of the kiss too. Before Dean could stop him again, Castiel pulled up short and tore Dean’ shirt open. His eyes flickered at the sight of Dean’s nipples, fingers rubbing the hardened buds. Dean inhaled and let his husband do as he pleased.
Behind it was Dean holding an angel blade. Castiel stepped back with gritted teeth. If Dean decide to kill him now, there’s no stopping him. Except Castiel looked down the dead demon between them.
“Here,” Dean threw a pillow in his direction which he caught aptly. Dean settled beside him, two pillows, and a blanket at hand.
“Y-you mean that’s all?” his voice quaked.
“Stop the car.”
Castiel’s foot came out of nowhere and connected with Roman’s chest, effectively keeping his reach from Dean and for a long second his body hovered in the air, a suspended look of revolt was on his face as he plunged down his death.
Castiel sat up, staring at Dean’s undeniable beautiful form. The demon stared back in malice. It gutted Castiel.
Castiel watched him before silently following. When the handyman returned, his face was grim. Castiel followed his eyes to the open kitchen doorway that was left open. One look from Dean’s face, Castiel knew something was up.
Sometimes it would work, and Dean would feel so refreshed and himself again. Sometimes Dean would resist by waking up in less than minutes. The objective was by the end of the week, Dean would be waltzing in his bedroom without fear gripping him. It sounded so good, Dean imagined midnight and judging by his apprehension, the early stages haven’t even begun. So Castiel—Dr. Novak didn’t have to know Dean calls him that secretly— would hypnotize him to surrender himself to a sleeping pattern: one in the afternoon and the after dusk. This was their pattern for the next few days that Dean stayed in the doctor’s mansion. This meant that he had to call the Postal Office and informed them he had to resign due to health reasons. Mr. Crowley said he knew it was bound to happen sooner than later. He also was most curious about Dean’s whereabouts.
Dean gritted his teeth. "Didn't you hear what I just said? He's mine so lay off!"
Mr. Henriksen’s voice brought him back to the present.
Castiel scrambled over to Dean and held him tight. Seeing the blood ooze from his shoulder, Castiel’s entire face flooded with emotion.
“Dude, you’ve been sending me your pheromones for a while now. I guessed you didn’t notice, which only means it’s natural for you to flirt on both sides. You’re like an open-book if you let instincts take over like that. And seriously, no one around actually gives fuck who you want to lay, handsome guy like you can get whoever he wants.”
“No.”
! And today, my house, my sanctuary the only place I can rest is sabotaged by my neighbor's cat! Believe me, waking up with that awful smell pisses me more than you can imagine so yes, you'll be listening to me being pissy. No one is having a good time, I know, not with the dump hiding in my ceiling! And I know it's not a typical service, but I’ve been rejected by three others so if you reject me now, god knows I'll burn this house down—”
“I understand if you have a date, but there’ll be no one here tomorrow.” Castiel began a little perturbed. Someone as nice looking as Dean, it is understandable. Why does he feel a little disappointed though?
“I need to move there!” Dean hesitated as Castiel finally let go of him after seeing the superficial wound. Castiel threw him an intense look. Dean nodded eventhough he was gutted inside to leave Cas here with a bomb. But he knew Castiel would never fail him. Before nodding and setting himself back to the bomb.
“He’s married,” Dean told the group before dismissal.
Dean pulled him into a kiss, deep and rough that surely left bruises but Castiel is too taken a back to respond and when he did and it was getting nasty with his lips getting bitten, he shoved the demon to collect his wits about but when he looked up, Dean was already gone.
“I thought you said we’re not running away?”
“Thanks, Cas…” he said, snuggling closer to Castiel’s shoulder.
“Because I know you’ll disappear again.”
What are you not telling me, Dean? He wanted to ask. Why do you look like you’re in pain… why can’t you trust me… why don’t you have anyone to help you…? I am… it’s all my fault I’m…
“Dean, I wanted that embrace too! I’ve never wanted you more. But you have to understand—saying it—if that’s what you want me to do now—
“Lunch!”
Castiel thought hard about it and wondered if this little trip with Dean would take time. He took one look at the impala outside then back at his superior.
“It’s alright, I got you.” Castiel whispered encouragement while trying to keep him still.
Castiel would like to believe everyone could keep their shit together. That was until he heard Abaddon was in the building too. Those just complicated things. But why make such an aggressive attack? Was this really just a love triangle? And why the forensics building? He followed Dean’s voice on the radio and used the back door as his own entryway. The member of the Team Alpha left at the door allowed him entry, no questions asked.
“Do me.”
“I’m not
“That’s just how it is here. Nothing to talk about when your neighbors are in the next 10 km, is there?”
“Not much. That stuff I’ve seen on ytube, you mean? No offense, but it’s nothing special now. Lots of people here can do it. They all look like the real thing compelling people to say stuff or do stuff—”
“I noted how you really like well...pie. I figured it's better to get on your good side. I could’ve ordered from the baking shop, but I wanted to make one for you. To thank you for going to all trouble for me. Not many would lend a helping hand like you did. You’re really the nicest guy I know.”
“What? Yeah—of course. We’re—together. I’m waiting for him now, he said he’ll have to make some background check first before making any diagnosis…”
“Uh, yeah.” He turned beside him to the doctor who was seated at the far corner of the backseat with his legs crossed, expression indifferent to the world.
“Cas, what?” he wanted to reach out to his boyfriend and get him to look him in the eyes—except Castiel is already digging holes in there.
“I’m done bargaining. Surrender yourself or I will drag you back home.” His voice almost cracked but he held his emotions in. He could hear a voice screaming at the back of his head calling for Dean, wanting to reach out like he used to—
Benny sure has that suspicious tone.
“That might take us a while. I only have until the weekend
“It’s only a couple of drives away down south. It won’t be a hassle if we reserved rooms early with credit cards. It’s time to reward ourselves after all the crap we’ve been through.”
“I don’t have a clue of how it started, that’s for sure.”
“That’s my babe.” As Dean stepped to infiltrate that forensics building, he knew it was his turn now to keep the promise of staying alive.
Castiel pressed his lips and clasped his hands. This was beyond anything he could have expected.
And the doctor’s remarkable patience when Dean could barely keep the hungry way, he looked at the doctor. Dean knew it was insane but the effect of Castiel Novak to him the moment he saw him was instantaneous. Dean prayed that by the end of it, the doctor would keep his words. What if he still wasn’t good enough for the doctor’s taste?
“Yes, I am his jam,” he said rather pointedly, “I figured it’s the same as Huckleberry.” He added to Dean who stared back, wordless. “And yes, Jack and I went back to the lodging but we could not find anything as comfortable as the Hawaiian shirts. Jack change his swimming shorts and left the souvenirs there too. I would’ve been able to join you earlier but I was delayed by a certain program on the television when I turned it on. I would say it was rather
He reached a hand and Castiel welcomed it as he saw at the edge of Dean’s bed. He held Dean’s hand and the latter was grateful. He needed this touch, he needed Castiel beside him.
“If you think I’d let you—” Castiel growled.
Dean's eyes grew darker, hand rubbing the front of Castiel as his eyes filled with lust that Castiel could only imagine before.
“Do you mind if we get undressed, Dean?”
“Are you okay?” Castiel squinted at her while she rubbed her head.
“I’m not sure but it’s usually a single digit score. You know, I didn’t take any exam to enter the school since I’m the eldest son of a farmer family so I didn’t really have to understand this stuff—"
“Dean, you seem to know a lot about everyone,” Castiel commented.
“Oh? You were worried for me? Does that mean we’re good now? No more hard feelings about horses?”
“What? I’m not a klutz! Anyway, I’m cleaning up after the party you didn’t attend, what else?” He grunted, “You shouldn’t sneak on people like that, geez, you just don’t know how you make people feel, do you?”
“Not when you peel the pineapple and learn how the bits can sting your tongue like—.”
"Dean--"
“Dean?”
“What? I know classic!” Dean injected with a wounded look. Castiel chuckled.
Dean tackled him to the wall and kissed the life out of his mouth.  It burned his insides the way Dean covered him and pressed him to the wall like collision wasn't enough, sucking air out of him wasn't enough Castiel could barely keep standing until he felt Dean's knee between his legs pressed on his groin. The moan the escaped his lips had him biting his lips in embarrassment, but Dean wouldn't have it.
Sam came out of his room wearing his own Hawaiian shirt. Jack too and the four looked around at each other with big smiles.
“That’s harsh, Cas.”
Dean turned—finds blue eyes walling him piercingly he nearly fell out of his chair as he blurted out—
“Why do I need to conform to something that makes me uncomfortable?” Castiel said, finally wriggling out of the coat.
“You’re an idiot. I told you I’d rather have you, cursed or not.
Then came a sequence of high-pitched yowl from afar. Castiel shifted a little to take his coffee and sipped on his mug. He lived alone in the suburb, but that didn’t necessarily mean peace. Not with a lair of cats next doors. Castiel had gotten used to the different sounds a Calico or Tabby makes when looking for their mate that he ignored for a minute, concentrating hard on the wrong digits on the screens. He had opted before to play instrumental or any background music, but it only aggravated the cats more into singing along so he stopped trying.
“Hey, Dean?” Dean turned to see Sam and Jack wave at him carrying bags of goods.
Dean frowned. "Sam said that already, why I'm angry is because how it played us... I didn't want your feelings ruined like that, Cas. I mean, I know. I couldn't believe it at first, but after this? It's hard not to believe it, but things are messy but I don't want to lose you."
“Uh no,” he said, glancing around, “I am here for someone.”
Dean cradled his face with his other bloody hand, angel blade nowhere in sight which should’ve alarmed him, but the familiar green eyes reflecting him, the same eyes that stared back at him every time he sought for shelter.
It happened as he was walking along the street of a busy road on the fifth day of his hunt. Contrary to what he thought would finally exhaust him enough to the point of sleepiness, his nights were more tensed than before. He barely made it to the second floor without his whole body seizing, he knew he was becoming worse. He had no appetite to go with, his skin was sticking to his bone. He looked high and low for the doctor knowing that this could potentially be about life or death and he sure didn’t want to die. He wasn’t going to betray and leave Sam behind. He prayed to any god out there to let him live at least to see his brother’s dream come true.
“Are you guys okay?”
By the time it was dinner, Castiel’s arms were heavy. He was too exhausted to think of other things other than eating and sleeping when someone tapped his shoulder.
Dean pouted, “Did it show? Sorry. I guess I was…affected a little bit.”
“Hey, hurry up, you two!” Mr. Hanscum blew the horn of the school’s 4x2 pickup truck, “It’s already an hour and we barely made the mark!”
Dean reached the doorbell with a smug look on his face. “I got this. People don’t tell me I’m charming and irresistible for nothing.” Castiel rolled his eyes and brushed pass the handyman who again wouldn’t stop giving him that penetrating stare, but he couldn’t deny that. At first glance, Dean Winchester really captures attention. There was a reason Castiel skipped work today.
“Where’s Jack?”
That night, the Bunker was very still. Castiel let himself listen to the tiniest sound Dean made to the confinement of his room. The angel could not bring himself to move past their exchange, his own heart was in turmoil what Dean said. It wasn’t so much as his ending, but Dean’s mentality of what he deserved. He didn’t even bat an eyelid when Sam told him about the rebar death, he just accepted it as his truth. A sad ending that brought tears to Castiel’s eyes, thinking of the man who had sacrificed himself for the world dying in a lonely old barn, cold and hopeless in the face of his mortal enemy. It pierced his heart and made him want to hold Dean. He should hold Dean. He could not worry about the Mark without thinking of how it all would affect Dean. He accepted the Mark, but not without the desire to live another day for Dean. If he had to survive the deal with the Empty too, he would drag himself back to Dean. His feelings for Dean alone felt like it could drag him back to his side.
Dean was beside himself when Jack told his family how he created an exact copy of himself bearing his heart and left him with all of god’s powers.
He let them have their peace. Chuck was trapped in his right arm, an Enochian symbol of God embedded in his arm, Castiel refused to worry about the consequences while he and Dean did the ritual. He was proud then, a kind of feeling that he was able to protect his family and for some time he was only filled with euphoria. Right then, he wished they never angered Chuck at all. Maybe if Castiel wasn’t so adamant to seek his help… he brushed his face and focused his ears on Dean,who just then was praying with thoughts very loud.
“Yeah, that’s…that’s awesome counting…how could they miss that?”
“Then what I promised…?” Dean began stiffly. Castiel glared at Amara because she wouldn’t take Dean, right? After everything she said—?
“You’re awesome.”
“Can you tell me your favorite color, Dean?”
Officer Lafayette said on the other line, adding ominously,
“What are you doing?” she grabbed one of the parcels and smacked her hand on it, “Dean, these packages are for local transit! You’ve been ramming the wrong labels to them! How many have you—Dean! These packages already have labels! Shit, the pickup truck’s coming at 5 to collect! What the hell’s wrong with you!?”
“But isn’t meat better when it’s fresh?” inquired another dairy farming student.
Castiel froze. “What do you mean wasting my time?”
“What?” growled the hunter in mock innocence.
Castiel pulled his wings back from Dean’s like he was electrified. Jack didn’t seem to notice it as the boy continued walking side by side with Sam. “I promise when I can use my powers fully, I can restore them.”
“Is there a problem?” Dean asked with arms crossed, “We’re pretty compatible, don’t you think?”
“If that’s customary.” Shrugged the angel and Dean was left to think of the angel walking bare-ass on the beach. He turned to Sam.
“Well, then get the horses to rest first so you guys can join us. We’re going to graduate before summer break so we have to teach you everything we know, especially with the school festival happening, don’t we?”
Pursing his lips when the sound finally settled outside his window and howling at the moon, Castel sighed and slid his legs on the floor to his slippers. There was no point shooing the cat away, it will only come back more vengeful. Turning the lamp off, he grabbed his coffee and marched up the stairs. He heard a scratching sound in his kitchen and ignored that too. He wasn’t going to listen to stay up to this, not going to wait for the yowl to turn into a full concert and missed his alarm the next morning. He was too busy with life for these feline machinations.
Castiel’s whole body was a wreck.
“I should hope so,” Dr. Novak smiled and Dean was pleased with himself. “I just have a few questions before I let you rest. As I was saying, the brain sometimes acts as a shield from something traumatic in the past. It does that to protect you. Now I will try to unhinge this shield so that we can understand. But you have to trust me completely.”
“Nothing. I was just thinking how easy it is to find your face in a crowded place. It’s so pretty I can’t ignore it. It’s like I just sense when you’re around. Like an antenna.”
“Dean? You are tensed. I do not think it’s safe if you’re like that.”
, he wanted to add. He was walking around the huge fountain by the garden after lunch. Castiel was out into some important meeting Dean was told not to worry about. It wasn’t like he was nosy, but the view by the garden gave him easy access towards the large gate where he could easily see any cars come and go.
“Just… this.” Castiel sighed, his nose buried at the crook of Dean’s neck. In the heat of Dean’s embrace, Castiel felt his heart flutter and sparks went off his eyes. He hoped Dean could feel that heat too. How the hunter always made him feel.
Castiel inhaled when Dean’s body flashed before him.
“Shouldn’t we do this in your bed?”
Dean shifted behind him and the funny thing was Castiel immediately could tell what was in his lover’s mind. Sure, Dean’s farm also has dairy farming animals and taking Ham there will be splendid. Ham could live there. But that wasn’t what Castiel had in mind. He wasn’t going to run away.
“I’m sorry, but this is our last resort since it’s tomorrow.”
“There was never a straight like that.”
They let Dean take his time in his room while Sam fixed dinner. Castiel was left in the library waiting but for some reason, he felt Dean was calling for him and found himself walking to the corridor. He found Dean's open door, knocked once when he saw Dean was fixing the bed. The man looked up, Castiel pressed his lips closed.
Back in the classroom, Castiel was glad he could smile as their classmates’ tease Gavin about his imaginary girlfriend. Before long, his classmates also got wind up with him buying an entire pig’s meat.
In the end, he stayed behind and cleaned the pig pen to the last corner without anyone asking him to. He was sure his classmates were calling for him but he was too into cleaning. Dean had left as well to do both their club duties. It was a silent vigil for Castiel as he brushed every corner with no more sound of crying pigs, no animals to be fed, it was just an empty cage.
“I’m glad I returned,” Dean said with a frown, “I was suspicious when you wanted to return in the store. Should’ve made sure you had a proper place to stay before kicking you out. Damnit.”
Silence fell filled only with their relentless staring at each other. Dean Winchester had a number of freckles that could contest the spots over the milky way and it was distracting.
“Cas?” Jack asked.
Castiel wanted to tell himself he knew Dean but that was glossing over it. They barely knew each other.
“There was a cat—I was chasing it—”
“That’s right, Adam’s on guarding duty, huh? There’s a couple of students I heard were allowed to join them. I think there are a dozen volunteers in the greenhouses. Even Dean’s down there,”
he demanded with all the strength he could muster,
“—which is fine as long as you know what you’re not supposed to do in the school. I will have the two of you review the guidelines and the sanctions if you break any rules, but I hope you both have your priorities straight in the school. Well, if you understand it, you may go now. Try not to get carried away by your classmates.”
“I don’t even know how one got there.”
“Yep! I want to help out too since you’re doing your best! We want to bake in a clean oven, right? And I want to eat the pizza you will make, I’m so excited I just went up and turbo cleaned this place!”
Dean shot a look behind him and there’s Cas in all his glory, still topless and dripping wet on the floor. Dean straightened, conscious of the angel’s presence. They didn’t even bother turning on the lights with the orange sky bleeding its last ray out the darkening space.
“Do you remember this place?” Dean whispered in his ears.
“You’re smiling,” Dean accused him, “Is the smell that funny?”
The expression and gasp that the redheaded genius made had people staring at their table.
“Oh,” Dean gasped as if he understood something from the way Cas was acting. He suddenly held the angel tighter and even pulled him closer as his eyes looked straight at the wall. “No, you saw that… oh, shit… Cas, let’s get out of here.”
“I saw that page, I was also googling it last night,” Jack said excitedly, “May I come with you?”
Two out. There’s only one left and this one Castiel didn’t want Dean to deal alone.
“Cas—I can’t—” he thrashed feeling the swell too heavy and too sensitive at the brush of the calloused, expert hand.
Dean’s mouth fell open but followed Cas suit in his private office. He knew that tone and knew that mood and it set his heart racing. The room was empty and before long the headquarters will be abandoned as his men would hang around the training area and the lounge. He was sure Gabriel was working late answering inquiries one after another and he and Cas will be left for some private time alone…
“W-what? Am I eating too much?” he asked in embarrassment.
“Can I talk to Dean?” he said. There was a beat of silence on the other end. Castiel stood up and faced the glass window showing the city. He heard Bobby call Dean. The sun was high up the sky and the busy street was bustling with traffic. If he set an appointment now, he could probably leave early to meet Dean, if he agreed. There was no other choice.
“And Inias wants to be a farm vet, right? I remember from the introductions last time,” Dean went and Castiel was impressed at Dean’s memory.
Sam nodded, looking towards where Eileen was standing waiting for him. He gave a small smile before walking to her; leaving Castiel to sit with Dean and invite him for a drink in the kitchen. Dean accepted, but no sooner had they reached the threshold, Dean was grabbing his arm and pulling him back.
“Oh, but aren’t you the star student?” Anna pointed out, “I think they’ll let you off the hook easily.”
“Yeahhh—damn—keep going.” Dean peered from one of his eyes. He could feel his body wanting to convulse, “Are we—are you…?”
The demon gave him a once over with hunger filling his eyes that sent chills down the angel’s spine. Their proximity allowed the demon to breathe him in, nostrils flaring with color of his eyes swirling from black to green. Conscious of his position, Castiel kept the demon at bay, avoiding even the demon’s attempt to grind his cock on his thigh. Eyes flashing, he cautiously reached for Dean’s shirt with his free hand, all the while keeping a look at the demon. He rummaged for a second then pulled an angel blade. They glared daggers at each other, one mocking, the other was undaunted as the angel flipped the blade and shot it straight to the wall with incredible speed and power it dug itself deep on the cracked wall.
Castiel stared back at him questioningly until Dean stood up while pulling him down.
Castiel closed his arms around Dean, his grin widening. The way Dean was giving in, the way he was pressing close, that the angel could count his heartbeat. He’s never seen Dean so weak on his touch. It made him want to feel more of Dean. Just him. The man was driving him crazy.
"Yes… and then Samandriel said another thing… he said Roman was actually once a double agent from the Fed, a spy from Washington. No wonder he easily got access to our database.”
No, Castiel was not going to answer Dean. His heart was still tumbling down the recesses of the pit of his stomach and thumping back up like a huge gong. His face was still raw from the heat of emotion. If he faced Dean now, he knows he will be discovered.
They shut the trunk with Castiel on his white shirt. Dean ogled at him for a few moments before the angel glares back inquiringly.
“I’m sorry, Dean, I really didn’t mean to miss work.”
How he missed his friend.
“Dean, you’ve gone crazy. All of this wouldn’t fit there.” Castiel said fondly. Nobody ever made him feel this way.
“It’s incredible. Plus, she taught me a new trick.” Jack beamed at them. Castiel wished that it wouldn't be the last one, but knew it was not to be the case. He should’ve asked Jack what new trick it was, should’ve spent more time with the boy, but instead they were thrown into more chaos. Billie’s constant visits marked Jack’s purpose, the trials, the hunt for objects, the appearance of the silly duo Winchesters from the alternate universe with their Huntercorp stories, the hunt for Amara and finally, dealing with Death itself.
“The market price for pork is around $4.99 per kilo. Overall, it’s $254.49. Do you have the money for it?”
The way Dean was gazing at him was burning hole on his skull. Dean with a passion was really something to be hold.
Dean moved behind him and kissed his nape.
“I’m sure you’ve read about it. In my profile, right?”
That was a week ago. It didn’t take him long to return in pursuing Dean. He had to make himself believe it was a mistake. He also had to tell Sam about the kiss.
“Dean? I told you I’m just here for some extra studies. You don’t have to accompany me.”
Castiel smiled. “Yes, Dean.”
Home… He looked around the empty station with a sinking feeling. What should he do? He didn’t have enough money for the payphone, he has no cellphone.
Gabriel gave him and then Novak a suspicious look.
“Call me Castiel.”
Sometimes Dean would call because of an emergency, most of the time Dean would just call for mundane reasons. Never once Castiel took them for granted. Like Dean's mortality, it was one of those things Castiel knew would slip from his grasp when Dean would speak so closely to his ear. It would also be a way for Dean to channel his frustrations, all of which Castiel never ignored.
“I see…” Castiel sighed, “do you want to get your shirt back?” They both stared down at the angel now wearing Dean’s Hawaiian shirt. How could they forget Castiel could still blow-dry clothes too?
"Copy that, babe.” Dean flipped the omelet expertly from the pan to a plate and joined Castiel on the counter table.
“Dean, please,” he said smartly, “If I am going to do anything with you pass our appointments, I will make sure you are in there with me to share it. But to repeat my initial comment on the subject, you are simply not there yet.”
“Dean, wait,”
“Flour?” Kevin piped up, “Sure we have some in the storage facility. How many tons do you need?”
Castiel quickly pushed the door and turned on the lights. The scent was as bad as he expected going through his face mask while Dean only nodded again as he cast his eyes at the ceiling.
It was the most thrilling thing they’ve ever done, and with Castiel behind him, it just made things better. He wanted to do more things like this with Cas, just the two of them with the breeze of the salty ocean and the golden sea now set upon them.
Castiel kissed his nape, a light touch that sent shivers down Dean’s spine, jolting his very excited rod. “Of course I’ll be asking questions. First of which—how do I make sure my lover doesn’t get in the middle of the crossfire with a mad bomb man?”
Dean crossed his arms as if to say he didn’t like where this was going. Castiel wondered if the embrace didn’t only fuel his desire for Dean but for his will to protect the man he loves.
Everyone was busy on the day of the fare. All students were running back and forth to get more supplies in their stalls. The event was right at the front of the main building where visitors can quickly access the products. There was a lingering excitement in the air, especially for Castiel as this would be his first college fare.
“I don’t believe it is.” Castiel said dryly.
“I’m sorry.”
He caught three males and two females around with eyes looking at one spot under the shade of his umbrella. Following where they were looking, he finally realized who they were staring at Castiel.
“T-thank you.” Dean mumbled, at lost at how the blue eyes were so piercing like looking straight into a fireball. Dean has forgotten to breathe; he was facing the doctor—
. He remembered the effect on their faces, knew they understood just how much it mattered for them to be together again. Not in heaven, not somewhere else, but just
“You’re leaving?” Dean’s face fell. It’s been two weeks since he came in the Novak mansion and even though he had less trouble sleeping, to realized he would be doing it on his own accord gave Dean a slight trepidation.
“I just turned bad, you’re already hooking up with someone else?” Dean flashed white teeth in a manic grin. “and who’s this?” he yanked the man up the air. Castiel grabbed his arm to stop him.
Dean sucked the daylights out of his cock, leaving his brain electrified and he exploded inside Dean's mouth. Dean sucked him throughout his orgasm.
Only to see Dean lean forward in alert, sharp eyes directly looking at the strawberry greenhouse. That’s when Castiel saw it too—someone moving by the greenhouse door. Dean gritted his teeth and attempted to stand up but Castiel grabbed his left arm.
“Yes, he’ll be okay, Sam. He’s Dean. Where are you guys now?”
Castiel's mood would've changed if not for the fact the bed was empty. The door to the bathroom was open too, so grumpily, he allowed his body to move on its own solely because Dean's magnet was pulling him downstairs. Ungraciously, he threw his legs down the side of the bed, grabbed Dean's red shirt and then pulled it on himself without regard to finishing the buttons down as the shirt was really long for him. He yawned all the way down the stairs with Dean in mind and went to the only place in his house he knows Dean would be.
“You’re an ass!” Dean giggled, but moaned when Castiel sucked his nipples in earnest. Castiel loved the way his husband made that sexy noise and squirmed under his ministration. He was hard himself and noticed the bulge on Dean’s boxers, it excited him to see Dean always so affected by his every touch. His mouth not leaving Dean’s, Castiel played and licked and sucked his fat buds until they were red and throbbing.
A moment of silence. Dean thought Castiel would deny him of the cute nickname but then—
“It’s gonna be okay,” Sam told him when Castiel stood outside the dungeon, Dean tied on the cellar and still unconscious.
“I doubt that.”
Castiel grumbled something on the pillow before turning his damp face, wet lips pressed on Dean’s cheek.
“What—?”
Cas grunted. “You always get attacked like this. Please stop being careless anymore. I do not have spare hearts to restart the poor organ worrying about you.”
“When did I miss breakfast? What’s up with that?” Dean answered with complete insouciance.
Castiel continued to frown. Dean had seen enough and the sun’s not even up.
“Bedroom?” Dean asked, pressing their foreheads together, mouth wet from the kissing and Castiel nodded.
“Wanted the ace already?” laughed Drake. Garth nudged his elbow and nodded at Castiel. Dean drew the attention back to himself. Cas didn’t look as angry as he looked a while ago but he certainly didn’t seem happy.
Something in Castiel snapped. He whirled Dean around, twisted his arm against his back and planted his face on the wall. He could feel Dean breathing hard, almost euphoric
“It’s just Dean and…” Castiel’s words faltered as he saw Dean speaking closely to the guy from the Forestry department so closely. If he remembered well, the guy’s name was Benny.
Dr. Novak walked away with a hand in his pocket. Dean was crestfallen to see him go without asking anything. He was left in the corridor feeling empty with the petal of the roses falling down the floor sadly.
Castiel had a mental image of Sam smiling a little.
“It is, so unless you want to do something about it, a realtor’s the next person you’ll call, Mr. Novak.”
God, Dean was powerful.
A choice that didn't involve Castiel. He pictured Dean like he always does with someone else. Living happily with a blurred wife in the background, Sam visiting with a child named Dean, see Dean live out his life till old age. Forgetting Castiel altogether.
From the kitchen to the living room, back to the hallway, Castiel made sure the cat wouldn’t get past him up to the second floor. He threw himself the bottom stairs when the cat glanced up—
“Well, I still have the family business to inherit, see. And yeah, our farm does work with horses as a hobby so I still get to be close to them, but the dairy farm has to come first.”
It took a while for Cas’ mood to fizzle.
He met Dean in the corridor, still beautiful and serious, but was giving him that melting look.
Dean pressed his lips again. Castiel could see his eyes were twinkling. Whatever Dean found humorous about cats, Castiel certainly find his expressions endearing. He’d never seen someone who could smile as attractively as the handyman could. He found himself wondering what kind of life Dean’s hand over the years. It didn’t look like he had it easy, but he was certainly someone with that warm atmosphere about him. Someone people relied on.
“When was the last time you slept for at least six hours straight?”
“Let us eat already, Castiel!” Gavin’s mouth watered. Castiel looked at everyone at the table and took a deep breath.
Dean paused. At the back of his mind, he could hear his brother’s voice. ‘
“He is quite a handful, isn’t he?”
“Dean?” Castiel stepped out from the drawing-room to find the handyman standing in the middle of the house with a pale face. The moment the green eyes fell on his face, relief washed over Dean’s expression. “Dean, why are you—?”
“I like who I like,” Dean said simply, and the way he was staring at him, the kind of gaze that slides right into his soul has Castiel holding his breath. They both smiled.
“It’s been three days, let it go, and it’s healed.” Dean said, kicking the ground to show his knee was now fine, “Three days doesn’t even cut it. How the hell did he come up with that idea anyway?”
“Cool name, sounds good on you really!”
“I’m so glad I’m your lover, I have all the privilege.”
“Cas, there’s this—I saw Crowley!” Dean knew he sounded crazy but he couldn’t pull his eyes away from the empty bed. It felt like if he did, his demon self would stand up and cut them all.
“Your cock in my mouth,” he hissed, “fuck, give me that cock—”
“Oh, thank you. You’re really wonderful.”
"I don't mind."
He wasn’t at all giddy for the prospect of having dinner, not at all. In fact, he was more than calm. Of course, they couldn’t go out. For some reason, Castiel thought it safer to remain indoors. Dean didn’t care. As long as the doctor was with him, he was with him all the way. And Castiel prepared him for that with a gift of the white suit with a green inner shirt and sparkly gold wrist watch. Dean didn’t question, he could see something in the doctor’s eyes that he had wanted to see for some time now.
“Then I’ll leave you guys to your devices. Call me up when something comes up. I’ll drop by when the business isn’t as hectic on the horse farm. I think your mom will try and get in contact too, so see you idjits.”
“What—” Jack began but Castiel stood up so suddenly, Dean nearly spun and fell from his chair.
“It’s just as I said,” Mr. Hanscum nodded, “
“I have.” His tone suggested he didn’t want to talk about any brothers. That didn’t stop Dean from asking out of curiosity.
It didn’t mean going home at the same time, however.
“I told you, it was pretty cute.”
“Excuse me, lady—he’s part of my team, we don’t do bodyguard works, there’s a specific department for that. Now, we’ll make a recon to every suspected place Cartwright was once sighted and people he’s in contact with. For your safety, be alert to everything you do and touch especially unexpected packages. We advise you not to leave your house as much as possible as we are dealing with a fixated bomber. Let’s concentrate the attack at a minimum space, but don’t worry, you will not be the lamb here, at least not alone. This is for your safety.”
“I apologize, I really am not fit for any conversation early in the morning.”
“I wished I could keep you here forever is what I thought.”
“You mean me?” Dean pouted—that’s what it looked like— why is he so handsome?
“Sounds great,” Castiel agreed because everything was falling down into their places when something else hit him, “Oh…right. Now I just need to check if the oven is still working, it’s been there for who knows how long!”
“Well, you’d be so full even before the pizza event anyway,”
“Every change in the course makes a ripple. This is just one of them.” Dean went on, bowing his head on his arms.
"I'm sorry, it's... I didn't..." Dean struggled for words, "I hated it. Hated how it all turned out this bad... I didn't want to hurt you that way."
“We can’t stay there forever, Dean. One day we have to move on. Don’t think Jack will live there his whole life once he gets acquainted with what people his age actually does, he’s bound to move on. Cas will too, so the question is where would you be, Dean?”
Dean’s mouth moved but no sound escaped his red lips. With each powerful thrust, Dean moved with his hips as Castiel’s head spun in pleasure and all he could focus was being drawn out and feeling the knot of the heat ready to explode inside his abdomen. Castiel screamed Dean’s name as he threw his head back against the bed, his cock pulsating and spurt all over his chest as Dean continued his miracle work. Hearing his name said with such ecstasy that left Castiel’s mouth open, Dean’s thick length reached its peak and exploded inside Cas, releasing the built-up tension inside his wet hole as a long deep groan ripped through his throat. Castiel embraced him, pressing their lips through Dean’s orgasm. Nobody cared that they were lying on cum, that there were smears of it between their pressed body. Both were more concerned at the thudding heartbeat of the other as they stared hard and intently into each other’s eyes before falling into another dancing trip of long hot kisses.
Dean grunted, “I—it’s called humor, doc. You should try it sometimes.”
“Doctor Novak, what happened to me?” Dean looked down his hands. They were not trembling. He threw a wide-eyed look at the doctor. Something in the physician’s manner gave Dean a pause.
He collected the fax that Sam sent him including his address and contact information. He was a man on a mission. Once he saw the face, the first thing that Dean thought was that Dr Novak was too handsome to be human. His eyes were more remarkable than anything on his face. With the clearest blue eyes and sharp jaw that could cut, Dean was sure he had never seen anyone so attractive. He also looked the coldest with eyes that could turn one into stone.
“Why… why do you know how to do these things?”
“And you guys gonna take swimming lessons?”
“You said you want me to help you?” that deep voice will hunt Dean forever.
“Terrible,” Dean grimaced, earning a disconcerted look from the angel.
A wild chaotic day in the headquarters could lead to the S.W.A.T's end.
“You swing that way?”
Castiel’s jaw dropped. His gaze fell on Dean who was still fast asleep in his arms. He stared back at Amara, shaking his head, and croaked, “You’re not—?”
It was a very good lunch that Dean was stretching his arms with a belly full once out of the restaurant. Jack is eyeing the ocean innocently, Castiel right behind him when Dean turned to Sam.
“I think I’m ready,” Castiel uttered nervously while Dean knelt between his legs, his face incredibly turned on.
.” The angel said simply. It didn’t unnerve him.
Castiel had enough. He had spent weeks longing for Dean from somewhere far. Had tried to box his emotions the same way he was controlling the Mark from acting up, but unlike the atrocity that was the Mark on his arm, he was far too gone in his heart. Not this time.
“Nothing’s wrong with running away, I guess? We’re all dealing with things we can or can’t handle. No one should tell you what to do in the situation cuz it’s your life, right? If you’re brave enough to stray away from what you got used to in order to chase something you desperately seek, and even ready to face the consequences, then what else am I to think of you but a fighter, right?”
Castiel let the towel he was wiping his hair fall down his shoulder, trying not to meet Dean’s eyes. It’s not that he forgot—he was just preoccupied to see what the handyman was doing. Damn his heart was racing.
“I’ll apologize when all this is done…” he whispered.
"No, listen! Don't put this all on you- you were saving me like you always do! Shit..." Dean pulled away and wiped his face with his palm. The tension was building in his body, his eyes frantic, his expression lost. "Look, just don't leave that door, okay? It's like if I let you out now, I won't catch up to you again."
The next events were purely a roundabout chase. He was still slamming the broom down just to get the cat out when he heard a familiar voice shouting from the living room.
“Dean, it’s ‘brother=’. I can only think of one word that would come next to it and both you and Ms. Abaddon have this connection?”
He was number one overall, but the feeling of competition rose in him so dramatically, it didn’t help that Dean was teasing him when he told him the reason why he was spending time in the library. It was something that was natural for Castiel, his burning passion for his studies instilled by his robotic parents. Not that it did him nothing good, but that kind of routine just flowed naturally in him. At one point, he noticed that Dean was still hanging out with him in the library during the weekend.
“Is this hypothetical?”
“Thanks, I look forward to meeting the new members. Who’s our club adviser again?”
Wiping his mouth, it took him a moment to collect himself. He smiled crookedly, still a little pale but he was good. It wasn’t the first time Cas had to deal with it and vice-versa. Being people who served in different units before deploying to civilian city, they both had their share of nightmares.
“It could be good,” Sam eyed him thoughtfully, then he put his phone down. “I guess I can ask her to meet us halfway or in the hotel. But… please don’t embarrass me while we’re with her?”
Dean gazed at him, long and ominous.
“You’re looking pretty tired. Haven’t gotten used to the practicum yet?” Dean was so nice to check on him like that. He looked more handsome as days passed.
“What, no.” Castiel’s face heated up. “Dean’s just someone—”
“I already have my own bedroom, right?”
Dean’s hand shot to Castiel’s shoulder.
“No more coffee after 8, that’s for sure.” Dean pulled himself a little up on the headboard of the bed, eyes falling by the window side. It was barely break of dawn. The lamp light was on in the room, coffee on the side table. Castiel was wearing one of Dean’s lose gray shirt with a tab on his hand.  with the profile of Cartwright propped up his knees.
“I thought you’d never ask.”
“I’m not a livestock!” he chased after the idiot, feeling warm all over.
“Yeah, you can’t pay for that.”
Yet Dr, Novak stood immovable as a mountain.
The night felt longer, it made his skin crawl. The seconds ticked by heavily on his mind with his body afloat in the water. The mere thought of sleeping sickens him, he’d been vomiting out what little food he’d taken at the prospect of midnight approaching.
Castiel quirked eyebrows, making Dean fumble with words.
Castiel closed the door after him. Dean backed on the table and sat there with a leg up, hands firmly clasped right on top of his boner. Was it a sin he still gets turned on by the guy who bangs him every night?
The obvious building tension finally settled on the night Dean thought this goddamn son of a gun officer died in an explosion that sent him nearly dying of grief, to see Cas was alive and unhurt even. It was the moment Dean realized how he had badly fallen for the stubborn bomb disposal senior member. It counts that Novak was so good at his job.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, “You’ve never been called there before about an improper sexual relationship.”
“The yield of meat is about half the body weight, so about fifty kilos, I think?” said another.
“Hello! We’re from the food science department! When can we turn these piglets into smoked bacon?”
“Yeah, his family business is on horses, right? He’ll take over their farm after graduation is what I heard. I mean, we’re neighboring farms too.”
“No, maybe I’ll choose table tennis.” Yawned the small guy. “I think Gadreel has already chosen a baseball club, right?”
“And my happiness is your happiness?”
I’d do it again if I have to."
“Come on, I’m bringing you back to the Bunker. Sam’s probably resting by now, he won’t notice us.”
But he didn’t leave without taking Castiel’s breath away.
“I did. I remembered hiding in the closet every time my parents would have a row… I forgot about it eventually, but I never thought it would trigger me. They would always fight in the evening. It made my bedroom less than a refuge, it was hell… so I found comfort in the bathroom, but still…”
His heart stopped beating when he recognized it. It was Billy. He wanted to check on him but his feet wouldn't move. He heard feet running in the hallway. There were other people in the mansion. Dean ran and escape the men and hid inside his bedroom when someone slammed a palm on his lips.
Dean didn’t say anything when he ran his eyes on Castiel’s body but judging by the reddening tips of his ears, he liked what he saw. At least, Castiel hoped so. He did try to keep this body into something suitable for Dean’s taste. Unconsciously.
“Umm… I’ll change first, Dean. Please take care of our food.”
“It’s an equal sign. If he is an as mad a mathematician from MIT as his profile says, then it’s a formula. We’re missing the other part if I am going to guess the next content will raise concern for both targets.”
“We’re going to be so busy, but I’ll try to drop by on free time during the event,” Dean told him as they stayed behind for stable duties, “I can’t wait to taste the pizzas too, thinking about it makes me hungry.”
“It was two men having intercourse on magic fingers,” Castiel stated in a matter of fact tone, face straight—all of which were opposite of Dean.
“Cas, we got him, okay?” Dean’s eyes were relentless, “You think I’d let anything happen to the kid after we just found him again? I’m not that pathetic.” Castiel shook his head. He didn’t mean to say he didn’t trust the Winchesters but finding out they nearly revealed themselves just when Jack was returned to them? Cas knew it was his right to feel worried.
Dean blinked at him and ceased the movement of his hand. Castiel groaned in disappointment but then found his cheeks cupped in Dean’s hand. The hunter distractedly kissed him wholly, slipping in his tongue and swirling with his own, making Castiel shiver pleasantly.
“What does that mean?” They glared at each other. Castiel felt his face heat up. Dean was also not backing down.
He glanced back at Castiel who caught his gaze and frowned. His cherry plush lips have a smear of the white cream and Dean quickly looked away in guilt.
“Some of us can’t go to Sahara. Don’t be such a baby.”
“Dean.” Whatever he was supposed to say was forgotten in the way he found himself and Dean pressed together. It had only been a few days since they returned since Jack took them all back after Dean had said heaven was never his home. Castiel missed this warmth, Castiel had learned a few things of his own while in heaven, mostly right after when Dean died. If he was afraid when they parted, it was nothing now that they have been through what he feared the most. Castiel had never felt freer than standing here with Dean again, in this next lifetime given to them, ready to build more memories.
“Well, don’t worry, this Baby is nice,” the green-eyed said proudly as he petted the horse by its mane, “I’ve been riding horses since I was a kid. My family raises cows and horses so there’s no need to be worried. Look—it’s almost time for breakfast too, we wouldn’t want to miss it right?” saying so, the guy offered him a hand. Castiel thought it impossible to say no even if he hadn’t ridden a horse his entire life. Something about the guy’s charm was so irresistible that Castiel just found himself nodding and taking his hand.
“It’s nice,” he inhaled the fresh air rushing in his cheeks. He was trembling at the start of the ride but it was easy once his body got accustomed to the horse’s rhythm. Castiel had been good at picking up new things. He focused his attention on the attractive guy he now viewed as the lord of the horses. “You said your family owns a breeding farm for horses, right? That’s amazing like you can have your own races.”
“But how did you do that? Overnight? Aren’t those confidential?”
Dean was still pouting when they got back to the stables. Much to Castiel’s disappointment, Dean let go of his hands and the two finished the last-minute work in the stables.
“You are ridiculously flirty, Dean.”
"Dean." Castiel peered closely towards the man. His cheeks were flushed, it made his freckles stand out in the light of the stable room. Dean was really handsome no matter the angle and situation. "Tell me."
“Lost your phone again?” Dean said with a giant smirk.
Dean smirked.
“He is smart. I call him ‘Sammyclopedia’ and he likes it.”
“R-right here?” Dean swallowed again, practically sitting on the angel’s lap now. Castiel leant forward and planted a soft kiss around Dean’s mouth and chin.
The doctor nodded, “Stay still. I will only use it to tap at the layer of your mind. Will you look at this, Dean?” saying so, he set the pocket watch down with its metal chain and began to swing it back and forth. Dean blinked at it, his pupils following the movement.
Dean turned to him with a small, shy smile. “Well, Cas... call me presumptuous,  but does that mean you like me?”
“Oh, but I already got a girlfriend.”
"Dean! I told you no more deals!"
“I get to see your pretty face.”
They didn’t wait for long. Soon, they saw a large shadow walk to the storage room and open the lights. Said person unlocked the room and went in. At Anna’s signal, the three snuck up behind their target who was already kneeling down the open space floor, trying to open—
“Cas?”
"Cas, what's happening?"
“Dean.”
“Stop staring.” Dean said with gritted teeth, “It’s comfortable and we’re doing movie night. Don’t worry about being noisy, I angel proofed—”
“Well, you know the saying? Girls love you when you have money. Guys go after you if you have meat. What's more, we have seniors who are pretty gungho when it comes to meat so…”
“Venison?”
Castiel actually froze. Dean opened his blurry eyes to find the angel with a tilted head.
Dean watched as Castiel walked to the corridor seemingly seeing something they cannot. He turned and counted the toddlers and got twelve tiny little heads as they should be.
“Yes, sir, but we will need a lot of these to seal our lips.” Anna said without beating around the bush. In the end, Mr. Sergei gave them around six whole round yellow Gouda by Saturday’s party. Anna was quite satisfied as they walked back to their dorm, but judging by the way her eyes glinted, Castiel felt sorry for Mr. Sergei. He had no idea how a fanatic of cheese, someone who aspires to have her own cheese factory could be.
“For someone who dislikes cats, you sure know a lot about them.”
“Dean? Any problem?”
“You look really pretty in that,” he told Eileen and it was the truth. She was beautiful and Sam, though looking very serious, blushed for her. Dean wondered what was eating his brother
There was no way he could return without help. He was thankful his phone was still at the full bar, at least he could use some flashlight. Something caught his attention on his left. It was the shape of a tower.
Benny stared at them.
Dean persisted.
“Why bother with him?” Dean snatched Castiel’s coat and shoved it to his partly naked husband only in his white shirt and rolled sleeves. When Castiel gave him a questioning look, Dean shrugged. “Can’t let them see any skin, babe.”
!” the chase was abrupt.
“Dean—” he caught his breath when the toll of his climax reached its peak. “I’m—uh—uhh—"
Dean’s temple was bleeding like he hit his head on something hard, but it wasn’t the swelling that took Castiel’s breath away. It was the fact that Dean was wrapped up in a bomb jacket. How he ended up like that, Castiel didn’t know. He just wanted to grab Dean out there and get that hell off his husband.
“Nope. Only those with cute faces.” His eyes lingered on Castiel. “A really pretty one.”
“Fuck off,” Dean said in fury and dragged Castiel out of the cottage to the midafternoon.
“No, no please, you’ve been nice enough to answer my call, I am sure to pay you for your time,” Castiel stammered, “But I’m not sure I can be back early tomorrow if it’s your preferred appointment.”
“Jack, are you alright?” Castiel threw Dean a reproachful look before walking closer to the boy.
"Take it off if you can."
“Your funny when you’re jealous, Dean,” Jason grinned.
“I think we mutually understand we could not survive without the other.” He whispered, disappointed how Dean was not closing the distance between them, not even when he's made clear he wanted him closer.
"Will you really do that?" he asked softly. He was in front of Dean. He didn't remember exactly when his body had moved around the space, all he could think about was how much he wanted to reach Dean. Reach Dean he did and touched his cheek as tenderly as he could like the moment could break any moment. Dean leaned into his touch, wet eyelashes dipping down his dust of golden freckles. The sadness in his heart resonated with the angel who found himself unable to step away from Dean’s space, let alone let go of his distraught face. How could this man be happy with another…? Maybe he could, but it broke his heart.
Saturday came, Castiel’s office was closed, but there were still tax accounts to be accomplished. He heard the familiar rumble of the impala and didn’t have to open the door for the handyman. Ten minutes later, Castiel wondered what Dean was doing when he specifically heard the door open and close. Next thing he knew he was running down the stairs upon hearing the sound of the handyman’s drill.
!” the reporters crowded the car.
roared Bobby, making Castiel blush when Dean panicked and shouted curses back at them. Whatever inside joke was going on, Dean was not liking it. Castiel glanced at the handymen behind him, they all wore the same as Dean, but this man was incomparable to any. He'd keep him if he could.
He wondered if Dean really felt the same.
“Goodmorning, Dean.”
Castiel picked it up, bending down. Dean wanted to escape the room and looked everywhere but at the angel.
“I see. Want a ride back?”
“Let’s enjoy our meal!”
“You’re right. I’d fall on my death up there.” Dean nodded to himself. Castiel brought the box to him so Dean could put the lights in. Their eyes met and Castiel was just smiling because it was so nice of Dean to be using his gift. The scent was called ‘Rain Forest’, and though Castiel preferred the actual smell of the environment, the strong smell deeply reminded him of Dean’s eyes so he bought them from the store.
“It’s alright.”
“My head?”
Castiel reached for his balls and stroke them. He handled them gently as Dean stuttered in the sensation. He laid back on the pillow while Cas continued groping, cupping and holding him, dipping his fingers behind his balls and pressing evilly on his perineum. Dean’s hips jerked against the firmness of his touch, a flare of sensation, burning his body, alighting what was already fiery.
“Yeah, I know. I’m guessing hypnosis like what you said before, but I’m waiting for him now to talk about it. I mean, I’d like to believe I’m smarter than that? To fall on any hypnotic yada? But Sam—I think I did rest. I feel so different. I feel—
