Gabriel chose that precise moment to return with the coffee.  He dropped the cups of espresso on the linoleum after his eyes landed on the monitor.  His eyes got watery.  “God please, no.  Sammy?”
Gabe and Dean attended the after party at Bongo’s, Gloria and Emilio Estefan’s Cuban themed restaurant.  They were close friends with the film’s main villain, Andy Garcia.  After mingling with several hot shot producers due to Pam’s insistence, Dean became tired.  He had never had so many people approach him to kiss his ass in his entire life.  He would never get used to that aspect of the business.
The bodyguard dropped the croissant on the china plate.  “Believe me I would have preferred to have been fucking the life out of Max last evening but I have a job to do.  So I spent it in my room with the door open on the lookout for our favorite killer.”
Gabriel ran his hands through his disheveled hair.  “I believe him, Deano.  Something inside me is screaming that he is not guilty of any of this.”
The five men all played at first but then the showdown was between Dean and Max.  It was a close one but the American won in the end.  “Game well played, mate.”  Max offered Dean his hand and the blond man shook it.  “You too, man.”
“If he dies…it will be my fault.  He was covering me…keeping me from harm, when the fucking shrapnel was projected on to him.  I swear if I ever come face to face with the maniac, who did this, I will rip his throat out!”
“Nothing!  Fetch me a bottle of Patron Silver and take it to the terrace.”  Dean ordered his assistant.
“Good morning Sunshine!  I ordered your favorite artery clogging breakfast of champions:  two fried eggs, bacon and a chocolate shake.”
When the appetizers were brought to them, Bela had the nerve to sit on Dean’s lap.  She fed him an olive.  The actor was feeling uncomfortable.  He did not want Castiel to get the wrong idea.  No way in hell was he encouraging the model.  Bela wrapped her twiggy arms around Dean’s neck.  He was about to remove her from his lap, when she kissed his neck.
Pamela and Castiel drove into the driveway of Dean’s one story Country English duplex located in a high middle class neighborhood in Wilshire-Vista, California.  The former Secret Service agent was surprised to see the supposed hot shot movie star lived in a modest dwelling.  Pam had a key of her own and unlocked the front entrance’s double doors.  Castiel had been conducting a visual inventory of his own as soon as Pam drove her vintage black Porsche into the spacious driveway.
One of the interrogating detectives stood up.  “I will get in touch with the Scottish Royal Navy on the mean time.”  He left the room.
Later that evening the two of them were discharged from the hospital with minor scrapes and bruises.  Rachel fussed over her two boys’ heroics and prepared a special meal.  Everyone consoled Sam over his twin’s death.  Even though the man was a vile piece of excrement he was still an integral part of his life.
Cas shrugged his shoulders.  He actually was starving and would eat about anything.  Once more the duo raced through LA in Pam’s kick ass Porsche.  In ten minutes they arrived at the Sunset Strip, outside an adult theme sushi restaurant and sake lounge named Hadaka.   The agent handed her baby’s keys to one of the valet attendants.  They swiftly entered the eating establishment.  The hostess who was a Japanese beauty dressed in a colorful blue and red kimono led them to a private room in the back of the restaurant.
“What are friends for, Deano?”  Gabriel’s amber eyes became watery as he patted Dean’s back.  “I’ll be going now but if you need anything don’t hesitate to call.  Will you be alright?  This will be your first time with a man.  Do you need any pointers?”
Two policemen escorted the three of them to the new hotel they were going to stay at for the next three days.  Gabe had already made the plane reservations for their return trip home.  Sam did not accompany them since he had to film a scene that day.  Once Dean made sure Castiel remained sleeping in their room, he went to Gabriel’s chamber.
Miraculously, one morning as he trained at the Governor’s mansion’s high tech gym, someone from the President’s Secret Service team approached him in the middle of an extraneous kickboxing workout.  Since Governor Crist’s second term was coming to an end, Castiel did not waste any time in accepting the lucrative offer.   A couple of months later, Castiel Novak thanked the soon to be former governor and was on his way to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
The simple dinner fare was delicious and for dessert they all shared pecan and apple pie.  Dean as usual gobbled up as much of the sweet confections as possible.  The fireworks display began shortly after.  Everyone gathered on the veranda.  Dean motioned for Cas to follow him.  The couple strolled over hand in hand to a hill surrounded by verdant grass and spring wildflowers.
The bodyguard placed a comforting hand over the blond man’s slumped right shoulder.  “I’m so sorry, Dean.  Look at the bright side; you have discovered Sam is your brother.  You have always wanted a family.  Now is the perfect opportunity for you to get to know Samuel better and try to make a connection.”
“Are you ok, Dean?”  Castiel was relieved.  Dean was acting like his old self.  His t-shirt’s sleeves were a tad singed.  The actor’s eyes were red and his voice was hoarse.  Other than that it seemed he had not gotten burned.
All of a sudden, the sexy waitress returned with the champagne and wine flutes.  After everyone had a flute in their hand, the director turned to Dean.  “To Hollywood’s new golden boy; may you have a long successful career.”  Everyone raised their glasses to the toast.  Dean’s cheeks were crimson.  Castiel felt very proud of Dean at the moment.
Dean wanted to stop but jogging helped him clear his head.  He did not want any more pictures of a nude Castiel popping up.   He needed to get laid tonight.  Maybe he would call the hot little red head he had met last week at Barley’s Pub.
The quartet sat down in a corner table and ordered some drinks.  Everyone had tequila shots except Cas, who was on duty.  He drank mineral water.  Half an hour later, Gabe and Sam hit the dance floor.  The house band was playing some pretty decent jams.  Dean was not the dancing type, so he remained at the table with his bodyguard.  He entertained himself by watching Gabe and Sam dance a rumba on the dance floor.
Gabe and Castiel both gazed at Dean simultaneously as if waiting for his reply.  The autumn day’s weather was surprisingly warm so it was perfect for sightseeing.   Dean knew he was going to regret it but he agreed with Gabriel’s suggestion.
He was about to open the restaurant’s front door but Dean, who held a visibly inebriated Castiel beat him to it.  “What the bloody hell happened, laddie?”
Castiel started dragging the unconscious blond from the mattress.  The bedroom was already feeling like an inferno.  The fire had spread to the balcony curtains.  Cas coughed hard.  He had to hold his breath as much as he could.  It was no easy task due to his dragging all 180 lbs of Dean.   His eyes were tearing up because of the fumes.
Castiel made note to keep an eye on this so called Sam.  The man was a stranger and would be around Dean.  Gabriel explained everything to Cas so he would not be flabbergasted once they arrived at the premiere.  As the bodyguard stepped out of the black limousine, Castiel thanked Gabe for the warning.  The incessant flashing of cameras and the hounding reporters harassing Dean was overwhelming.  He got a grip and became Dean’s shadow for the remainder of the premiere.
“Then he did tell us the truth.  The detective in charge of the case is contacting the Royal Navy as we speak.  If he can prove that Adam Maclachlan served with them and his Uncle Crowley comes through for him; his charges will be dropped and he will be released.”
Dean giggled.  “Before meeting you I never giggled and took part of so many chick flick moments, Castiel Novak…and I would never change it for anything.”
“Yeah and at first I became hysterical because I did not see neither Dean nor Cas.  I thought perhaps they had perished in the explosion.  When my eyes fell on them, I almost wept with joy.  But when I got closer, I saw the shrapnel on Castiel’s back and how it was bleeding profusely.”
“She was probably the only one, who jumped when he called at the last moment.  He is in denial big time.”
Max enveloped his strong arms around the other man’s waist and they stood underneath the showerhead.  The two men relished the feel of the warm water hitting their cold bodies.  Fassbinder lathered Castiel’s entire form with shower gel. Then it was his turn and the bodyguard performed the same task on his body.
He opened the interrogation room’s door for them.  He introduced the Americans to Crowley. The men cordially exchanged handshakes.  Dean sniggered. The room’s other occupants gawked at him.  “I used to have a dog named Crowley.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck.
“Remember your Grandpa Uriel left your father the ranch in Wyoming?”  Castiel nodded.  “Your dad managed to change his last will and testament six months before he passed away.  One day he woke up and headed to his attorney.  Anyways, he wanted me to give you the papers illustrating you as the new owner once you settled down.”  Her gaze landed on Dean.  “I can see you have finally found someone, who you will hopefully spend the remainder of your life with.”
Dean had not been able to fall asleep.  He turned for the sixth time to see what time it was.  The digital clock showed 4:20 am.  After they made sure he had showered and Gabe fixed him a pot of black coffee, the two love birds went to Gabriel’s quarters.  So Dean lay awake at this God forsaken hour alone in his large bed.  He really messed things up with Castiel.  He got up and texted his lover:  “I’m sorry for being an ass clown…miss you like crazy…please come home.”
They had remained making out and exploring each other’s bodies in the stall.  Castiel knelt down in front of Dean, who stood against the mosaic shower tiles.  The actor slightly spread his long muscled legs.  Cas kissed and laved his thighs, before licking the pre-cum from the other man’s cock slit.  Dean’s hands grabbed on to Castiel’s dark wet hair.  His knees buckled a bit as the bodyguard took more of him, inside the hot cavern of his mouth.  “Fuck Cas”
Sam suggested a game of darts.  Dean and Gabriel declined and headed back to their booth.  The waitress had already placed a pitcher of Fat Tire, when they returned.  Gabriel served the two of them.  After chugging down the entire content of his mug, Dean wiped his mouth with the table cloth.  “Classy, Deano”
“So he must have travelled abroad under a new identity.  You do not need further evidence to release Samuel.”
Castiel had a light supper and a warm shower afterwards.  When he returned to his and Dean’s bedroom, the bodyguard was surprised to find his lover lighting a few candles.  The Best of Al Green was heard from the SONY CD player.  Dean smiled.  “Are you feeling better, babe?”
“Apology accepted” Castiel went on eating the delicious breakfast.  Gabe kicked Dean’s ankle underneath the table.
Their foreheads touched.  “I’m so sorry, Cas.  I promise not to be an insecure jerk anymore.  You have no idea how much I love you.  It scares me sometimes.”
She led him to the elevator and pressed number three.  Dean’s body was shaking.  He was frightened to see his lover near death.  The nurse escorted him into ICU, which currently had four patients, including Cas.   Dean bit his lower lip as he approached Castiel’s bed.  It was the last one next to the white wall.  He had never seen Castiel look so pale and fragile.  He was on a ventilator.
“Why the fuck were you stringing me along?  You two are sick bastards!”  She slapped Dean hard, raking her nails across a chiseled cheek.  Castiel grabbed her upper arm roughly.  The furious model slapped him, as well.  Gabriel held on to Cas, who looked as if he was going to pounce on the ninety pound model.   Bela fetched her Gucci purse and flew out of the eating establishment.
Pam yelled his name, when she climaxed.  Chad came a few seconds later.  He unrolled the used condom, tied it up and tossed it aside.  He traced patterns across Pamela’s perspiring toned abdomen.  “So what do you do for a living, Pamela?”
“So my dear brother, you choose our little brother over me.  It is good to see where your true loyalty lies.”  Adam appeared from behind the basketball post.  Samuel yanked the knife from the tree.  “Now is when you finally grew a pair, brother.”
Sam stood ready to fight.  Adam jumped on him.  Samuel tried to stab his brother’s upper arm but Adam’s reflexes were quicker.  He chuckled.  “I have always been the best fighter.”  He head butted Sam and managed to take the knife from him.  Adam straddled his brother in a way that would not allow Sam to kick him.  He aimed the blunt weapon at his brother’s jugular.  Samuel’s hand wrapped around Adam’s preventing the deranged man from actually slitting his throat.
Castiel climaxed first and Dean soon followed.  They remained in the same position with their foreheads touching for a while.  “If I smoked I would go for a cigarette right about now,” Dean whispered huskily into Cas’ ear.
Castiel swiftly grabbed the keys to the Impala and threw them out of his bedroom window.  “I can’t believe you did that!”
Dean looked at Castiel for advice.  The bodyguard shrugged his shoulders.  “Aren’t you going to ask how much they are offering?”
“You look as sinfully delicious as a chocolate mousse cheesecake, boss.”  Gabriel leisurely licked his thin upper lip because he knew that would get a rise out of his employer.
Sam embraced his uncle.  Crowley tapped his upper back.  “I am glad I was able to help, my boy.  Now don’t be a stranger and bring your boyfriend to Scotland.  If I am in a good mood, I might tailor a suit for the lad for free.”
Once the grueling film schedule, which took the cast and crew from Madagascar to Denmark and back to the States ended, Dean was bone weary tired.  Obviously Gabe adored the perks of being Dean’s assistant since he got to travel to exotic locations and have one night stands with hot locals.  Let’s not forget he would sample each country’s sweet delicacies.
“Signore Maclachlan was court martialed for beating a soldier, whom he suspected of being homosexual.  The man was in a coma for two weeks as a result of the beating.  He was dishonorably discharged and in the process lost all of his veteran benefits.  Maclachlan served a year in military prison.  He was transferred to a mental hospital for psychiatric treatment because he did not pass the evaluations provided by the military psychologists.  He managed to escape and the rest is history.”
“I snuck in your room when you were showering before the trip and jotted down your size by looking in your closet.”
There had been evidence under the table which showed the deceased canine had vomited all the Belgian chocolates one of the temps on set had brought Dean earlier.  Supposedly a fan had left them for the actor.  Gabriel’s mouth had been watering throughout the day as he thought about biting into the sweet dark Belgian chocolaty goodness.  Alas, his date with the dessert would never be thanks to Crowley having devoured the entire box.
“I am so sorry, Max.  I don’t know what to do.  I can’t develop feelings for the person I am protecting.  Then I will screw things up majorly and can’t place his life in peril.”
Twenty minutes later, Pam rolled a Trojan over Chad’s impressive cock.  The man wasted no time in fucking her. The woman’s pussy was already wet.  Her crimson nails raked down his broad back as she wrapped her long, toned legs around his lean hips.  He thrusted frantically inside her warmth and sunk her deep into the mattress.  Pam raised her hips to meet his overly enthusiastic thrusts.  Chad covered one of her pebbled nipples with his blistering mouth.  He laved wet circles around it with his tongue right before biting it hard.  Pam bit her lower lip.  This guy was a maniac in bed.
“Dean and Castiel put together.  You know like Brangelina.  Although according to many of the video’s comments, you two are way hotter than them.”
Dean tilted his chin up.  “Hey, I love you.  More than my God damned career and if assholes out there don’t want to hire me because of whom I choose to love…then they can bite me!  There is no way in hell that I will ever give you up.”  Castiel held him tightly and kissed him.
”Come on give it a try.  How about a two week probationary period and if you are not satisfied you can leave.”
Gabe stuck his tongue out at his employer and went on to put away their clothes.  Castiel chuckled.  He placed a trip wire inside Dean and Gabriel’s room right by the balcony doors.  Dean was eyeing him suspiciously.  “Dude, what the hell are you doing?”
“It looks exactly like the one from the movie.  The same green color and if I am not mistaken it has a Roush engine.”   Castiel ran his hands around the vehicle’s smooth and shiny surface.
Gasps were heard throughout the pub.  The manager appeared with a security guard.  “Dean, what has gotten into you?” Castiel asked.
Sam felt Gabe shiver and held him close.  He kissed the top of his head.  “My laddie, you have suffered a traumatic experience.  Why don’t I take you to my place?  It looks as if you really need a good night’s sleep.”
Gabe removed the lasagna container and placed it on the counter.  He removed the aluminum foil from the top and inhaled the mouthwatering Italian dish.  All of a sudden, he felt as if someone was in the room with him.  The person did not give him a chance to turn around, because he or she covered his face with a cloth drenched in chloroform.  Gabriel tried to elbow the intruder but within seconds he  passed out.
Cas was glad the house did not consist of two stories.  It could not be over 9,000 square feet.  This way he could always keep a close eye on his latest charge.  They would have to do something about the floor to ceiling windows in the living room.  Pam offered him a tall glass of ice tea, which Cas gratefully accepted.  He drank the sweet chilled drink rapidly as Pamela called Winchester’s assistant.  He saw the attractive, saucy woman roll her eyes after she heard where her client was.
They soon entered a neighborhood filled with two story wooden and brick homes.  The grass was slightly covered with frost.  Castiel parked the Impala in the driveway of one of the brick houses, which had smoke coming out of the chimney.
As he was about to say something, Fassbinder rose to his 6’ height and asked Cas to dance.  The bodyguard gazed at Dean for permission.  “Go ahead.  I’m not going anywhere.  Jerry, will keep me company.” Castiel bestowed upon him a beaming smile that took his breath away.
“What the fuck?” Dean exclaimed, earning a couple of stares from the surrounding café patrons.  A silver haired woman in her seventies shushed him.
Cas gazed at the floor tiles.  “Actually, it’s my resignation letter.  I am giving you my two weeks’ notice.”
The model threw her black overcoat at Castiel and breezed into the wardrobe section.  Cas tossed the coat on the floor and headed where the staff had taken Dean.  He appeared, accompanied by the commercial’s director and a Lancôme executive.  Castiel’s throat went dry as soon as he saw his charge.
“You have to see the twins’ birth certificates.”   The detective handed Adam’s to Castiel and Sam’s to Dean.
Twenty minutes later, the quartet arrived at Hotel Principe di Savoia.   Cas had fallen asleep with his head leaning against Dean’s shoulder.   Samuel carried the slumbering bodyguard with ease into the elevator.  The hotel guests gawked and murmured to each other as they witnessed this.  Dean and Gabriel took another elevator to the Deluxe Mosaic Room the three of them were sharing in the fifth floor.
“Aren’t we sneaky?  I don’t feel comfortable having you pay for my clothes?  How about you take it out of my salary?”
Dean’s eyes widened.  “Wait a minute; don’t tell me you are having second thoughts about this, too.  What more evidence do you guys want for fuck’s sake?!”  Castiel and Gabriel remained silent.  “I am glad the crazy mother fucker has been apprehended.  Now I can sleep in peace at night not worrying whether he’s going to stab or suffocate me in my sleep.”
Dean and Castiel rushed to the hotel in order to get ready for the premiere.  When Cas entered his chamber he rapidly noticed all the clothes and two pairs of shoes Gabriel had placed over his bed.  He headed to the bathroom to take a shower.  Dean was doing the same thing in his own bathroom.  Gabriel already was getting dressed.
“No problem, but your jogging sessions will need to stop until the assailant is apprehended.  If he or she knows your daily routine then they most likely know where you live.  I’m sorry but for the time being, you are gonna have to move out.”
“Actually, it’s something I did not have to buy.  The present is from your father.”  Her cerulean eyes became watery.
“I am going to order us an apple cobbler.  I’ll be right back.”  Cas observed Max put in the order with Shania, who placed her hand on the actor’s chest.  At lease someone was going to get lucky tonight, Cas thought.
Once they settled their bags in the front parlor, a woman, who had to be Castiel and Jimmy’s mom came in from the kitchen.  She had blonde hair as opposed to her kids’ dark locks.  The trio did share the exact large clear blue eyes.
He felt slightly better afterwards.  Dean changed into black sweat pants, a faded Real Madrid jersey, socks and running sneakers.   As he tied his shoes, the blond thespian could not stop himself, and remembered last night’s masturbating session courtesy of his bodyguard.  No way in hell did he bat for the other team!  Dean Winchester has always been a ladies’ man and he had never been attracted to dudes!  He swallowed hard before entering the kitchen.
“Dean is a stubborn guy, who would die before asking for help.  I really worry about him.  He has no family and I look after him.  The only two people who genuinely care for him are Gabriel, his assistant and me.”
Castiel and Dean agreed to be taken to the nearest hospital.  The bodyguard instructed the ambulance driver to take Pam first.  He and Dean would wait.  They needed to see Adam’s bagged body be rolled into a coroner’s vehicle. The motherfucker seemed to have nine lives.
The two men helped each other dress.  Before leaving the stables, they saw Morning Star nursing Impala.  “I am glad you were here to witness this with me,” Castiel said as he held on to Dean’s hand.
“Dude, I completely understand.  I’m glad you are helping Cas and get to spend a lot of time with Sammy.”  Dean licked his lips appreciatively.  “Is that pecan pie I smell?”
Castiel rose to his height of 5’11 and shook his head.  “Great!  Well, see ya early tomorrow morning.  We have to be at LAX by eight thirty.”
Gabe did the honors and even waved a napkin to start the race.  Castiel rolled his eyes at the two actors’ immaturity.  He held on to the sides of the small craft as Max rowed as quickly as possible.  Dean was rowing like crazy, splashing water all around his boat.
Dean glared at him as he poured himself another drink.  He drank it in one gulp; the tequila burning down his throat.  “My dick of a bodyguard wanted to resign from his post today.”
Dean went on to rinse his glass, when a gravelly good morning was said to the kitchen’s occupants by the wannabe Kevin Costner.  He had been contemplating dismissing the man’s services later today.  Dean was convinced he could handle any psycho and did not need to be babysat by a disgraced former Secret Service agent.
“I knew the time would come, grasshopper.  Now listen to me, Deano.  I know you love Castiel.  What better way to prove your feelings than being more daring in the sack.  You have jumped the biggest hurdle by having sex with him; so this will be a walk in the park.”
The following afternoon, Gabriel and Sam evaded half a dozen paparazzi that were flocking the sidewalk outside the hotel.  The two lovebirds had seen the video in YouTube earlier in the day.  Gabe had tried calling the newlyweds but their phones were off.  When they reached the room, Gabriel started banging on the door.  “Come on you guys, I know you are in there!”
The Scotsman cackled maniacally.  “I want her to watch when I kill her small family. Pam is quite feisty.  Have to admit it’s a turn on.  The things she screamed at me on our way here would make a sailor blush.”
“Very funny, smart ass; yes, I finally agree with you guys.  Some evil dick out there wants to kill me.  But why?  I am such a loveable guy.  Who can hate me so much to want to kill me?”
“Hey, man.  You have nothing to do with his psychopathic ways.  I want you to know that I want to get to know you and want you to be a part of my life.”  He was astounded to feel tears forming in his eyes.  Cas was right.  He had always wanted a family.  In his own deviant, evil ways, Adam had given Dean a family.  Yeah, he already had Gabe and Pam but if it weren’t for him needing the services of a bodyguard; Dean would never had met the love of his life.  Now, he even met his own brother.  He had to admit Sam was a cool dude.
“Great!  We will go on a double date.  Dean and Bela and you and me, Cas.  Well at least until Sam arrives.  He has a minor part in the latest Bond movie, which happens to be filming here.”
His relatives had been over the moon upon hearing the exciting news, as well as the majority of the residents of Castiel’s small hometown of Sycamore, Illinois.  In no time, Castiel became the town hero.  His Uncle the town’s mayor had even suggested he be the grand marshal of the annual Fourth of July Parade.  Castiel profusely refused since he believed government work should be taken seriously.
“I know you love Dean immensely.  Perhaps you should make an exception this time.  If not you will lose him.”
Castiel gasped in shock and all of the pub dwellers stopped what they were doing to witness the scene unfolding in front of them.  “Let’s not cause a scene, Dean. We’ll talk about it, when we get home.”
“I am sorry; Dean, but we can’t do this.  How many times do I have to tell you that my number one priority is keeping you safe?  If we cross the line, things will become complicated and I cannot be distracted.”  He wiped his hand and toned lower abdomen with his discarded kimono.
He could be so sweet, Castiel thought to himself.  He smirked and told the actor everything was fine.  All of a sudden, Cruella Deville interrupted them.  The rude model did not acknowledge Cas and invited Dean to dinner.  Castiel was surprised the beanpole actually ate!  Dean cast a rapid glance at Cas but the latter just shrugged his shoulders.  Gabriel decided to rejoin them at that moment.
“Sorry, dude but I have grown accustomed to having this bathroom all to myself.  Maybe next time use the one at the end of the hall.”
Gabriel opened his tired eyes and quickly hugged his boyfriend.  “I would have come earlier but shooting ran late tonight.  How is Castiel?”
“Thanks, dude.”  Dean mumbled.  Gabriel remained booty dancing as Dean guzzled down “Hair of the Dog” with two aspirins and a vitamin C.
The door was closed and the ambulance sped down the chaotic street.  Gabriel could not believe tragedy had struck.  For the last couple of days he’d forgotten about Dean’s psycho stalker.  Things had been going fabulously for Dean and Castiel.  It really was not fucking fair if Cas was taken from Dean, when the two of them had just gotten together.
Dean and Gabriel returned briefly to the hotel to try to book a suite.  Depending on the length of Castiel’s recuperation, they would have to stay in Milan for an unknown period of time.  Policemen surrounded the hotel, examining the charred remains of the SUV, which littered the entire block.  It had been a hassle to be allowed inside the hotel, which was closed to the public.  After they explained their dire situation to the hotel manager, the man gave them the address of a cozy pensione, which had a couple of vacancies.
The actor remained standing by a light post, when something whizzed by his head and landed on the post.  Castiel swiftly pushed him to the ground and covered his body.  Dean’s heartbeat accelerated as the bodyguard’s well toned form covered his.  Dean licked his lips as Castiel checked him for injuries.  Once he knew Dean was unharmed, Cas scanned the area.  There was only a homeless man pushing his shopping cart about half a block from them.  Also, two elderly women were power walking across the bike path.
The geisha giggled and pointed at the clothes.  Castiel was majorly confused.  “Do you want us to put this on?”  The girl was either extremely shy or mentally deranged since she kept her head down the entire time.  She gave Castiel a navy blue men’s kimono and handed a pine green one to Dean.
The former US President’s assistant coughed discreetly as she sat behind the podium erected in the lawn of the Richard Nixon Library & Museum.  She whispered, “Today is Friday, Mr. President.”
Dean gave him the stink eye.  He gave Cas the keys and opened the front passenger door.  Castiel eagerly got in on the other side and revved up the engine.  He smiled as they sped down the street.  Cas drove the Mustang to a secluded wooded area, which was the town’s make out hangout for the local teens.  The place was deserted.  Dean knew why Castiel drove them there but remained silent.  In no time, Cas unzipped and lowered Dean’s jeans, along with his underwear.  He showed Dean his appreciation by giving him the best blow job of their relationship.  “Imagine what you will do to me if I ever get you a house.”
The three men ate the hearty chowder and drank the hot chocolate.  After they were sated, Dean told Gabe to go ahead and spend the night over at Sam’s hotel.   “Are you sure, boss man?  I don’t want to leave you alone.”
Sam chuckled.  “Well brother, it seems you will have competition for Castiel’s affections.  He does not have to be jealous of you and your beloved baby anymore.”
After the assistant’s face tone was back to normal and his voice was no longer raspy, the two supposed newlyweds started grilling him.  “Whoa!  Hold on a moment, I feel like a Kenny Roger’s rotisserie chicken.  Geez!  This is the thanks I get after going through all of this trouble in getting you two dumb asses hitched?”
Castiel held Dean’s hand before embracing his mother.  “Thank you so much, for this.”  The two of them remained hugging and crying for several minutes.  When they finally broke apart, Cas asked, “Who has been running the ranch all this time?”
Dean smirked at him before continuing.  He was dead set on doing this tonight.  The actor saw the tent in Cas’ briefs.  Dean rapidly lowered the underwear, which ended up on the floor.  Gabe hadn’t been kidding.  The Blow Pops were nowhere close in size to Castiel’s erect dick.
“Hey, don’t cause me any bodily harm.  It’s not my fault your hubby is so damn cuddly.  You guys know my heart has been stolen by a Scottish Sasquatch.”  He rocketed out of the bed in his X-Large Britney Spears shirt.  Dean cringed imagining that was the only thing Gabe wore at the moment.   “I’ll take a quick shower and go downstairs to get us breakfast.  I can’t wait to be in my Sammy’s arms.”
“Hey, Deano, don’t blame yourself.  He would hate seeing you like this.  You know he would never blame you for anything.  Let’s go get you some chamomile tea.”
After Gabriel and Samuel vacated the deluxe room, Dean locked the door.  His palms were sweaty and his heart was beating so hard it reminded him of a galloping horse at the races.  He was being ridiculous.  The actor had not been this nervous before having sex since he lost his virginity.  When he entered his bedroom, Castiel had changed his sleeping pose.  He was now slumbering in a fetal position.  Dean sat adjacent to him on the king size bed.
Castiel kneed him in the groin.  The two men exchanged punches as they rolled around the floor.  “You will not stop me!  I will kill him and I will do it in front of you!”
Dean wanted to surprise Castiel on the 4th of July.  He had informed Cas that he would be home on the sixth due to a scene which had to be reshot.  Within the last couple of months Dean had a lot of time to reflect on everything transpiring in his life.  He had come up with a perfect solution to his and Castiel’s current dilemma.  He would share it with his husband as soon as they reunited.  As Dean made a right turn that led him to the Novak Ranch, he lovingly gazed at the silver wedding band, which adorned his left ring finger.
Castiel did not like where this conversation was heading.  “Dean is not like that.  Family means everything to him and he loves me.”
Crowley chuckled.  “I am glad Sammy has a brother, who will not condemn him for his lifestyle.  He was devastated after Adam tossed him aside.”
Dean covered Castiel’s right hand with his and guided it inside his underwear, which was already wet with pre-cum.  Cas’ mouth devoured Dean’s lips with another scorching kiss.  His lust filled mind did not process what was going on yet.  His hand pumped Dean’s hard shaft as the taller man bit his shoulder.  A couple of minutes later, Dean screamed out his bodyguard’s name as he came in Cas’ hand.
“I am so sorry, Mr. President,” Castiel murmured.  He felt like shit at the moment.  How could he live with himself if he was responsible for the death of an elderly woman?
Gabe excused himself.  He needed some fresh air.  Castiel waited outside the interrogation room.  He paced the floor for ten minutes, when one of the interrogating officers opened the door and motioned for him to enter.
Gabriel was relieved to see the two of them getting back to normal.  “Now it is time for the tea ceremony,” he whispered at the elderly musician.  The man ceased playing the pan flute.
Castiel gulped nervously.  “I just accepted a job offer to be the Sheriff in Park County, Wyoming.  That is where the ranch is and I wanted us to live there.  They are not even holding elections for me to be voted in as sheriff.  That hardly ever happens. ”
Dean choked. “Yeah, thanks, you guys.”  His eyes did not leave Cas’ relieved ones.  His bodyguard smiled at him.  He helped Dean get up.  “I think we have had enough fun for the day.  Let’s head back to the hotel.”
Gabriel and Castiel washed the dishes as Dean and Trixie showered and got dressed.  The actor made a big production in kissing her good bye.   Gabe made gagging noises, as
Dean remained silent.  He couldn’t believe Cas was finally telling him how he truly felt about him.  It was about damn time!  “You don’t believe me.  Here, let me show you.”  He went to his carry on and retrieved a small rectangular box.
He poured sake into two small ceramic bowls.  His two friends noticed he performed everything gracefully.  “Is this what you have been studying?  Do you want to be a geisha now?”  Dean asked in between chuckles.
Dean sincerely hurt for the poor bastard.  Oops! He should never associate that word with Sam.  He could not fathom what a difficult time his older brother was experiencing.  Adam was his twin and according to the pictures Crowley took to the police station, the two rug rats had been inseparable during their entire childhood.  Dean shocked himself by enveloping the Sasquatch in a warm embrace.  “We’ve got each other now, dude, and never forget that.”
Gabriel had witnessed the whole exchange and smirked.  He listened to Christina Aguilera’s greatest hits on his IPod.  Castiel on the other hand, read a book on meditation.  He needed to be extremely focused during the short trip to Japan.   Dean had to go urinate twice during the flight so Castiel stood sentry outside the bathroom.  A couple of passengers noticed this but did not say anything.
There was one bedroom left across the hall.  Adam placed his hand on the doorknob.  His hand shook in anticipation.  The moment he had been waiting for so long had finally arrived!   He put his ear to the door and did not hear any sound coming from within the bedchamber.  He grinned as he gently pried the door open.   Adam could barely register one sleeping form on the bed.  His eyes scanned the room to see if it had a connecting bathroom.  No light was emitted from beneath the door.  His gargantuan body approached the bed, and his eyes widened in delight.   So the bodyguard was not in the house at the time.  This was going to be much easier than he anticipated.
Dean rose and shook her offered hand. “Yes, it was awesome hearing all of your high school adventures with Cas.”
Dean scowled as he turned to Cas, who was talking animatedly to Fassbinder about British football.  Was Castiel even in love with him?  Why couldn’t he say those three little words to him?  Dean ran his hands across his face.  Cas leaned into him.  “Are you ok?”   Dean placed his arm around his shoulder.  “Yeah, babe”
Cas kissed his forehead.  “Dean, there are certain things you need to know before you meet my family.”
Rachel gently smacked her youngest child’s head.  Gabriel chuckled.  “What the hell is so damn funny, Gabe?”  Dean asked.
After everyone ordered wine and appetizers, the waiter brought them a basket of warm, freshly baked bread.  Cas lost his appetite as he witnessed the insipid and shallow model feed Dean a piece of bread.  Castiel could not even talk to Gabe, who continued texting Sam.
Castiel reluctantly nodded and thanked the actor.  Gabriel had already left the suite to go shopping at Christian Dior’s boutique with Dean’s American Express Black Card.  Gabe’s shopping excursion took too long so Dean and Cas left to the press conference without him.  Castiel remained close to his charge and was like a hawk searching out for its prey.  The conference lasted for ninety minutes and the international press fell in love with Dean’s flirtatious manner.  He had them eating out of the palm of his hand after his first witty reply.
“Come on, don’t you get it?”  When Dean and Cas shook their heads unanimously, he continued.  “If you look closer you block head, you will see I had the pastry chef add balls to the dick.”
Max woke up due to the show being offered by the two potheads.  Sam was even whinnying as a horse.  Gabriel slapped his firm derriere and yelled, “Hi-yo, Silver, away!”
Dean entered one of the pristine stalls and closed the door.  As he started picturing a shirtless Cas stroking himself over his black jeans, an erection finally made its appearance.  Dean was hard as a rock in no time.  He imagined himself kneeling in front of Castiel, unbuttoning the black denim.  Castiel’s lean and long fingers grabbing on to his dark blond hair.  Dean stroked his engorged cock as he pictured himself giving imaginary Cas a blow job.  He thrust frantically into his own hand as Cas panted.  His warm cum splattered into his hand and drenched a part of the stall’s wall.  Dean had been biting his lips as he climaxed.
“Of course not, beautiful” The tall man languorously ran his thumb across her plump lower lip.  His firm mouth covered hers in a greedy kiss.  The foreigner’s large hands cupped her firm ass causing her to moan.  A few minutes later the two of them had to break the kiss for much needed air.  “My name is Pamela, by the way.”  He chuckled.  “Has anyone told you, you look like Chad Michael Murray?”
Thanks so much for reading, commenting and giving the story kudos. I also want to thank from the bottom of my heart the two lovely readers, who have been putting the new chapter links in their LJ accounts.  :)
Dean’s face was as red as a cherry tomato.  Castiel cupped his chin.  “Hey look at me.”  He waited until Dean gazed into his eyes.  “You never have to be embarrassed with me.  I completely understand.”
Whenever he flicked his tongue over the bottom part of Castiel’s cock; one of the bodyguard’s long elegant hands grabbed on to Dean’s hair.  “Shit Dean, you are pretty good at this.  Did you take lessons or something?”
“I know who is.  I am beyond honored to meet you, Mr. Fassbinder.  You rocked as Mr. Sinister in the new X-Men movie ever!  I can’t believe I am in the same room as you.”  Castiel shut up after realizing he was babbling.
That night Sam and Dean dragged a sofa inside Dean’s bedroom.  Castiel had volunteered to sleep on it but Dean adamantly stated his bodyguard was to sleep on the bed.  He would take the sofa.  It wasn’t until three in the morning when the quartet was able to find some semblance of sleep.
Gabe giggles nervously.  “You are quite welcome.  Aren’t you going to ask what this ceremony was about?”
He dragged Dean to sit on a decrepit chair that went with a matching wood table.  “This is the draft of your new will.”  The actor remained immobile staring at the document.
A knock was heard on the door.  The detective bid the person entrance.  A uniformed female officer informed him Crowley Maclachlan had arrived.  “That is great news; please escort him to the interrogation room.”
Gabriel entered the kitchen to the sight of an orange juice puddle interspersed with glass shards on the formerly pristine marble tiles.  “What the fuck happened here?”
Dean finally spoke.  “Why the hell are you doing this?  It wasn’t my fault our parents gave you and Sam up for adoption.  He is not holding a grudge against them.  Why are you?”
Castiel chimed in.  “Your scheme is riddled with flaws.  There is no way the two of you will get away with this.  Samuel and Gabriel know that you escaped so they must have notified the authorities by now.  The police are most likely searching for us right now.  Even my former boss at the Secret Service is on the hunt for you.”
Castiel, whose cock stirred as his lower body covered Dean’s groin, moved his face closer to his charge.  “It looks normal to me.”  He placed his face closer to Dean’s.
“She also called to wish me a happy birthday.  Come on let’s go have some of that scintillating pie you helped your mother in law prepare.”
Castiel smirked as he lathered strawberry preserve on a freshly baked croissant.  “What are you smirking at, Johnny Castle?  Where the fuck did you leave Baby?  After your Dirty Dancing re-enactment last night; I thought the two of you would be at it like bunnies.”
The detective’s cell phone rang.  He swiftly answered and according to the serious look on his face, he was receiving pertinent information.  Three minutes later he ended the call.  He turned to the three men, present in the interrogation room.  “After Mr. Maclachlan revealed he had a twin, I sent four of my best officers to all the rundown pensiones in Milan in search of Adam.  They took a picture of Samuel to ask the establishments’ staff if they had seen him.”
A plethora of floral arrangements and get well cards littered the entire room.  “Is there anything I can do?”  Gabriel asked as he turned on the television to the Hallmark Channel, which happened to be playing Troy.  He loved himself some Eric Bana.   At least he would be entertained for the next three hours.  Gabe turned to check on Dean, who had remained silent.  The actor had fallen asleep.  He looked much younger than his thirty three years.
After eating mushroom and pepperoni pizza, the quartet sat on the rec room’s sofa and recliners playing video games.  Castiel beat everyone at Dead or Alive.  When it came time for Halo 2, the final confrontation was between Dean and Sam.  The blond man was able to beat the Sasquatch only once.  Samuel went on to beat him badly in three other tries.  “Damn it!  Why the hell are you so fucking awesome playing shooting games?”  Castiel had excused himself to go to the bathroom.
Everyone left the stables except for Cas, who remained looking at mother and baby.  All of a sudden, he felt a familiar pair of strong arms circle his waist.  He closed his eyes and inhaled Dean’s natural musky scent. Castiel leaned backwards as Dean placed his chin on the slightly shorter man’s right shoulder.  Cas covered Dean’s hands with his.  Dean kissed his neck affectionately.  “You have no idea how much I’ve missed you, baby.”
Adam was growing impatient and stated out loud, “If you do not sign it within the next sixty seconds, I will blow Castiel’s brains out.”
Dean frantically cleaned his hand and the wall with toilet paper.  He rapidly washed his hands and made sure he had re-zipped his jeans.  It was evident he had been up to something unsavory in there because his face was flushed and his eyes held a satisfied look.  He ran a nervous hand across his hair and unlocked the door.
Dean wanted to cheer upon hearing those words.  There was still one more question that had been nagging him since the Paris trip.  “Please tell me the truth, Cas.  Did you fuck him?”
Four hours later, Gabe left to have dinner with Sam.  Dean and Cas had ordered room service and ate lobster ravioli, Caesar salad and cannolis for their evening meal.    Dean noticed Castiel had been grouchy all evening.
After taking a lengthy cold shower and performing his morning ablutions, Dean entered the suite’s small dining area.  His eyes landed on a bare chested Castiel, who was sharing breakfast with Gabe in a diminutive oval table.  The bodyguard only donned a pair of flannel pajama pants and was barefoot.  Gabriel wore a Lady Gaga t-shirt, denim cutoffs and Nike flip flops.
Ten minutes later Pam drove Ash and Chuck to their respective abodes.  Gabriel drove Dean’s cherished 1967 Chevy Impala.  Dean sat in shotgun and Castiel in the backseat.  The actor remained silent through the entire ten minute drive.  Why the hell did his friends insist he needed a twenty four hour babysitter?!  He had practically been on his own since his parents died when he was six.  From that age until he turned eighteen, Dean had lived in various foster homes.  If some diabolical douche bag really was after him, which he did not believe to be true, he could take care of himself.
He stared at the Sony stereo’s clock.  Castiel was amazed to see it was already eleven am.  Ever since he had become unemployed, Cas had started to lose track of time.  Last week he had been at the supermarket and a pregnant woman asked him for the day’s date and he had no idea what to answer.  Castiel decided right now to take a shower, shave, and put on a crisp suit in order to start searching for employment.  Maybe he would try local law enforcement or private security.
Five minutes later, Dean was alone in the vast suite.  He gazed at the beautiful Parisian night scenery from the main balcony.  There was a perfect view of the Eiffel Tower from where he stood.  How ironic; he was in the City of Love and was more alone than ever.  He cursed himself as Castiel popped up in his mind.  He would allow his bodyguard some time off while he did who knows what with Fassbinder.
Cas was not impressed at what he was witnessing.  Winchester better not be an alcoholic or worst a habitual drug user.  If that was the case the man should be shipped to rehab, where he would be safe from his would-be killer.
Two days later after the two of them got reacquainted by not leaving Gabriel’s room for quite some time; Sam stood wearing a red and black Scottish kilt in the rec room.  There was perfect light in the chamber for Gabriel to start his art project.  He kissed Sam on the lips before he turned on a floor fan.  Sam’s shoulder length locks blew in the breeze.  “Oh yes!”
Castiel placed his hand on the assistant’s shoulder.  “We will see what comes out of the interrogation session.”
Sam entered the room and helped Cas stand.  “Adam escaped,” Castiel managed to say in a raspy voice.  He held on to his bruised neck tenderly.
Castiel was mentally scolding himself for crossing the line with his client.  His number one priority was to take care of the actor’s well being and keeping him safe 24/7.  The first rule in the guard business was to never develop feelings for the person in your charge.  Shit!  Thank God Gabe discovered them before things got out of control.
“Likewise, Trixie” Cas headed to the dining table and started clearing it.  Dean approached him.  “You weren’t planning on eating some of the pie, where you?”
“Good night.  Sweet dreams and I hope you don’t speak in your sleep.  I don’t want to hear you moan when dreaming about Cas blowing you.”
Dean slept in a sofa inside the ICU’s waiting room.  Gabriel tried to fall asleep on a plastic chair, which was uncomfortable as hell.   When he was almost asleep, the short man felt someone shaking his shoulders.  “Sweetheart, it’s me, Sam…wake up.”
Dean ran a hand through his short hair.  “OK dude, mind cluing me in on things!  Did someone just try to shoot me?”
“Come here, Gigantor” The two newly discovered siblings shared a long warm embrace.  Gabriel soon joined them and motioned for Cas to partake as well.  The quartet laughed soon after.  “OK, enough of the chick flick moment.  I feel as if I am trapped in the Sisterhood of the Travelling Pants or something.”
“No, I wouldn’t have taken things so far.  I only make love.  If I am not in love with someone, I do not go all the way,” the bodyguard whispered.
The waitress pouted and slipped him her number inside his jeans’ pocket.  “Maybe you will feel better tomorrow night.”  She kissed his cheek.
Castiel’s throat became dry.  He turned to watch Dean’s reaction.  The actor’s emerald eyes landed on the place of birth-Lawrence, Kansas and mother and father’s names:  Mary Campbell and John Winchester.  He was having difficulty breathing.  A minute later he placed the certificate on the old wooden table.  “This can’t be…Adam and Sam are my brothers?”
Two beefy federal agents grabbed and handcuffed him as they strolled by the open casket.  Barbara Bush sat and wrapped her wrinkled liver spot littered hands around Cas’ neck.  He tried fighting the elderly woman but she leapt on top of him and they started wrestling on the floor.
“Yes, and this is a .338 Lapua Magnum cartridge, which is used by the military.  The person trying to kill you most likely has a military background.”
Castiel heard the loud splash and his skin blanched as he saw Dean’s overturned boat.  “Max, row us over to Dean!”
“Good bye and take care.  I’ll say bye to Dean now.”  Castiel smiled before asking the concierge to escort him to the hotel’s security room.
Dean opened a bottle of Corona Light and drank most of it in one hearty gulp.  “Adam pled not guilty and the judge denied bail because he considers him a flight risk.”
Gabriel returned to the hospital at one pm that afternoon.  He entered the room and was happy to see his boss was awake and slightly sitting on the bed.  “Oh my God, we came so close to losing you!  The Angel of Thursday was watching over you, Deano.  How are you feeling? Do you want me to fluff your pillows or do you need more water?”  Dean rolled his eyes at Gabe’s mother hen routine.  His assistant placed a large stuffed Sylvester the Cat, which held a sign that read, “I Have Nine Lives” on one of the room’s chairs.
The two of them heard when Gabriel vacated the suite.  Castiel and Dean smirked simultaneously.  They kissed hard on the mouth and removed their boxer briefs.  Their hands trailed down their heated flesh until they hit the right spot.  The lovers made out as they jerked each other off.  A few minutes later the two of them screamed each other’s names as they came over their hands and toned abdomens.  “Let’s hurry and shower before Gabriel returns.” Castiel suggested.
Castiel tenderly kissed his temple.  “We are almost at the finish line in this nightmare.  He will never hurt you again.”  Gabriel remained adamant in not leaving.  Dean and Cas had no other option but to agree to his demand.
Before entering he took a deep breath.  He could not just run inside.  Adam was most likely in there.  What if he was already late and the whack a doodle had killed Dean?  Castiel felt like vomiting.  He slowly opened the door and gazed at the empty bed.  The bodyguard still remained on the threshold as his eyes scanned the rest of the room.  He finally saw a form on the floor.  Cas knew it was Dean.  Castiel rapidly went inside the room he used to sleep in.  He knew Adam would follow him so he did not waste any time.  He quickly threw himself to the floor and grabbed his carryon from underneath the bed.  Castiel withdrew his gun from within.  He saw Adam’s combat boots from beneath the bed.
Castiel pulled at his hair.  Adam became more enraged and kneed Cas’ abdomen knocking the wind out of the American.  He took advantage of this and wrapped his gargantuan hands around Castiel’s neck.  He began to strangle him.  Cas tried to pry the large strong hands from his neck but he was becoming weak.  He thought to himself he had failed Dean.  The saddest part was the last time they had been together was during the ugly public fight.
Once the kitchen was immaculate again, Gabriel poured coffee into two coffee mugs.  He handed one to Castiel and gestured for the dark haired man to join him in the island.  All of a sudden, Dean bellowed for his assistant to finally bring over the tequila.  “Oops!  I’ll be right back.”
Cas was not much of a drinker but as soon as the waiter poured vintage Chardonnay on his glass, he gulped it all down.  He swiftly filled the glass again and asked the waiter for another bottle.  Dean could not help and notice how Cas was drinking up all the wine.
Castiel swallowed hard.  His gut immediately screamed Adam.  “It’s about Adam Maclachlan, isn’t it, sir.”
Castiel opened his big blue eyes, which were a tad red rimmed.  He wrapped his arms around Dean’s lean waist and murmured against his neck, “Mine”
He continued rowing madly.  One of his oars got caught with an underwater rock and impeded his progress.  Dean stood up and fought with the wooden oar.  He became so agitated upon seeing the other boat pass him that his boat capsized, sending him into the cold water.
Castiel was trying to hold his laughter inside.  “Yeah whatever dude…and one more thing…I better be the dad.”  Cas could no longer contain himself and started cracking up.  Dean mumbled something the other two men could not decipher and gave his back to Gabriel.
The geisha finally faced them and the two men jumped back in surprise.  “Gabe, what the fuck, dude?!”
“Oh baby boy, I am so glad you are here for Thanksgiving.”  She enveloped her first born in her arms.  “My heart always leaps up my throat whenever I think of the danger you place yourself in.”
Adam was staying at a flea bag motel in Los Angeles.  He was waiting for Dean and his posse to return to the States.  Most likely this would be the first city they would stay at.  Adam cursed the day Castiel Novak was born.  If that crafty bastard had not accepted the job as a bodyguard, he was sure Dean Winchester would be six feet under by now.  Regardless, he will get rid of the two of them soon.  Adam turned on the ancient TV set and maniacally cackled as the first thing to appear on the screen was an old interview Dean had given to a show called, Access Hollywood.  He fetched his silencer from a duffel bag and shot the screen.
“You are right.  I can’t stand being apart from him.  I have never experienced love at first sight until I met him.”  Castiel stared into Dean’s forest green eyes.  He noticed the man’s jaw twitch.  “He told me I could join him on his current movie location and then we would settle down in London.  Maybe I can open up my own private investigation agency there.”
Right when he was about to throw in the towel, his lucky break arrived when he auditioned for the role of Cole McKenna in Young, Desperate and Beautiful, America’s number one soap.  Dean knew the soap opera business was already declining but it was a great acting experience which taught him a lot.  His acting skills improved dramatically and he was getting laid like crazy since his character became the hottest thing on the show since whitening ones teeth swept the entertainment industry.
“Thank you, now time for desert.”  Gabriel presented to them sweets, which they had to eat from a special form of paper called kaishi.  As per usual Dean gobbled up the tasty treat in no time.
Samuel strode to the tub wearing only a pair of white boxer briefs.  Gabriel licked his lips appreciatively as his amber eyes raked across the Scottish Adonis’ chiseled physique.  Sam and his ramrod erection stood right in front of him.  Gabriel lowered the underwear.  His mouth trailed kisses down Sam’s hardboard abs until it reached the tip of the engorged, red cock.  His tongue laved the pre-cum before he took all of Sam in.  The Scotsman moaned as his hands dug deep into the shorter man’s shoulders.  In no time he came within Gabe’s mouth.  Gabriel held his hands to assist him in finally entering the Roman tub.
Gabriel withdrew himself from Dean.  He sniffled.  Castiel rapidly handed him a handkerchief and glass of water.  “I want to be here, when he is brought in.”
“I don’t envy you, Castiel.  You are a smart and sensible man.  You’ll figure things out.  You have my digits and e-mail address.  I hope we’ll keep in contact.”
Gabriel waited for the two men to enter the house.  “Let me show you your room, Castiel.  I took the liberty of moving into the guest suite so Castiel could have my room, which is across from yours.  That way he can be ready if anything were to transpire.”
“Sweetheart, he is monitoring Morning Star’s status.  She still is not due until this evening.”  She led him to the spacious sunflower themed kitchen.  Dean liked the warm feeling provided by the sunlight that illuminated the room courtesy of four large windows.
Dean was reading one of Castiel’s meditation books to the unconscious man.  His right hand held Cas’ left one.  He stopped reading.  “Baby, will you just open those beautiful baby blues.  I don’t like seeing you like this.  The longer you remain unconscious the worst things will be.”
Dean did as told and lied down.  Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean’s middle and watched him go to sleep.  He kissed his neck.  “The nightmare is finally over, sweetheart.”
He went on to demonstrate the strike against the bridge of the assailant’s nose.  He held out his hand and spread its fingers wide.  He pushed said hand forward and struck the center of Dean’s nose.  Castiel did not use real force.  Dean picked things up quicker on that technique and Cas went on to explain the last move.  “The final move will literally bring the attacker down to his or her knees.”  He arched his leg and brought one of his heels to the inner side of Dean’s knee cap.
“No!!!”  Dean screamed.  No way in hell was he going to get gay sex tips from Gabriel!   “Thanks but I can handle things.”
Singer shook his head.  He knew the service was losing a good man, but he had to follow orders from above.  The poor guy’s mistake made the papers and the Secret Service could not afford to become a mockery.  He wished Castiel Novak luck in his future endeavors.
Half an hour later the quartet arrived at Chez Winchester.  Dean caught Sam’s arm for a moment.  He rubbed the back of his neck for a few seconds.  “Dude, this is your home now. So stay as long as you want.  I know it must be hard for you leaving Europe behind…and all that shit.”
Gabriel’s tawny brows rose.  Ha!  So his earlier suspicion turned out right.   Poor Deano had it bad.  But why would Castiel toy with Dean’s emotions in the plane?  Something wasn’t right here.
Once they reached the bedroom, Castiel threw Dean on the mattress.  He straddled him.  Dean’s eyes had darkened.  He licked his swollen lips.  Castiel’s eyes, which had practically turned onyx, stared at them.  “You have no idea how hot you look right now,” Cas whispered in Dean’s ear.
“I apologize as well.  I don’t want to give any of you a bad first impression.”  Sam said as he stared at the grass and tugged a green patch out.
Everyone celebrated Dean’s homecoming at the 4th of July BBQ Gabe had organized.  Sam had heartily embraced his younger brother.  They caught up before dinner.  Dean was proud of his brother’s new found success as an underwear model.  Every two to three months, Sam would fly to New York for photo shoots. His first big ad had already started appearing in magazines such as GQ and Esquire just to name a few. He and Gabe were happier than ever.  They planned on exchanging vows at the ranch for Gabe’s birthday, which was just around the corner.
Three hours later they arrived at the Rumba Café, where a tall hunky Scottish man approached Gabriel.  They hugged and kissed each other lightly on the lips.  Gabe introduced his new friend to Dean and Cas.  It turned out Samuel Maclachlan was an aspiring actor, who had a small role in the latest James Bond movie that was currently being filmed in Paris.
Dean cleared his throat.  “I guess the sushi might not have agreed with me.  Let’s say good-bye to everyone and head back to the hotel.  I am wiped.”  Cas stared at him in a disbelieving manner.
They sat down to watch the fireworks.  Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel, who sat in front of him.  The actor licked his lips nervously.  “Cas, we need to talk.”
Gabriel came up with a brilliant idea.  “Deano, get your ass out here right this moment!”  Castiel stared at him with a confused puppy dog look.
Castiel had enough.  He had already swallowed down three glasses of wine.  The bodyguard had barely eaten all day; so he was almost drunk.  He slammed the wineglass on the table; making some of the restaurant’s patrons jump in their seats.  Castiel rose on wobbly feet and in front of everyone yelled, “Get your slutty ass away from my husband!”
Senior Agent Singer banged his beefy hand on his cherry wood desk rattling his coffee cup in the process.  “I have never witnessed such incompetence in my entire twenty five year career in the service!  The ridiculous stunt you pulled yesterday can mess up the progress made between the US and certain Middle Eastern countries since 911.”
“No offense, but can we go for round two.  I really don’t like to talk during sex,” Pamela interrupted.
Meanwhile, Pam was shaking her moneymaker at Avalon’s dance floor with a couple of girlfriends.  She had been severely stressed out the last couple of months and needed a night to unwind.  The sultry agent was also horny, as hell.  She had not had sex for three months.  Pam had broken her own record of going without any and she was tired as hell of using the Pocket Rocket and the Rabbit.  She would not leave Avalon tonight without a boy toy at her side.  She donned a black, tight and short Armani dress and six inch Manolo Blahnicks.
Fortunately, he always slept wearing boxer briefs so he did not have to change any clothing.  He was drenched in sweat because of the fucking nightmare.  He drank a tall glass of cold water, which helped cool his body.  Castiel did not understand why he continued having the same nightmare.  The afternoon of the fiasco, Mrs. Bush had been taken to the hospital.  The doctors had thoroughly examined her and came to the conclusion; she had suffered from heat stroke.  Castiel had never felt so relieved in his entire life.
“I gather you are impressed by other attributes because you have not taken your eyes from my torso since you got here.”
“Whoa!  That is more money that I will make shooting my next project.”  Dean remained silent for a moment.  “I guess I can invest the money and donate a million to the Boys & Girls Club.  Those kids can use the money.”
Dean lied back down after he read his lover’s text.  Now he could actually fall asleep knowing Cas was safe and on his way home.  The actor was unaware someone was in the process of breaking into his home.  Adam was dressed in a black turtleneck sweater, black cargo pants and matching military boots.  He carried a small backpack on his right shoulder.  It held rope, a pistol with silencer, a Kabar utility knife and a bottle containing chloroform.  Adam had shut off the duplex’s electricity before heading to the backdoor.
“Did it ever occur to you to discuss this with me?  I’m only your husband after all!”  Dean paced the floor and ran a hand through his hair.
Fassbinder inhaled deeply and his eyes widened.  “Shit!  I do now!”  Cas was already putting on a pair of sweats, which he had abandoned on the floor.  As he ran toward Dean’s suite he instructed Max to call 112 for help.
“Yes, I guess I should not laugh so hard because it bothers my injury.  Don’t worry I’m okay.”  He genuinely smiled at Dean.   Dean sat on the side of the bed and held hands with the patient.
When the pilot stated the plane was about to land at Narita International Airport, the three Americans breathed sighs of relief.  The trio observed radiation monitoring sessions, where held throughout the airport due to the massive earthquake the country had recently survived.  They would most likely go through monitoring before boarding their flight back home.
“I can’t believe I own a ranch now.  That place is humongous!  Dean I am taking you there for Christmas.  Maybe we can all get together there on Christmas Eve.”
Dean cleared his throat.  Gabriel returned his attention to his employer.  He noticed the handsome actor seemed flushed.  “I don’t know how to make Cas distress a little.  We are not due at his mom’s house for Thanksgiving until next week.”
“Dean, you have given me so much,” Cas whispered in his ear as his lover led him out of the house.  Castiel’s eyes practically bulged out and his knees almost gave in.
His bodyguard had made a remark he had been suffering from a stiff neck, so Fassbinder instructed him to lie down and gave him a massage.  Castiel actually moaned softly a couple of times.  All of a sudden, the little kid’s kite flew into one of the cherry trees.  Dean immediately climbed it to retrieve the runaway kite.  Cas got on his feet and told Dean to climb down.
Once the dizziness started to fade away, Castiel managed to stand on visibly shaking legs.  He had to take a few minutes to adjust his legs and take baby steps around the dark shack.  The small amount of light which illuminated the small dwelling filtered in through cracks scattered throughout.  The bodyguard’s eyes scanned the entire area for Dean.  His heart beat erratically at the thought of Adam having gotten to him already.
Barbara Bush was rushed to the local hospital via ambulance.  As George W breezed by Castiel, he glared at him.  “You better pray nothing happens to my mama.”
Gabe stood next to Castiel.  He instantly noticed how captivated the bodyguard was with his charge.  The assistant smirked before popping a cherry Jolly Rancher in his mouth.  Castiel Novak was starting to fall for Dean Winchester.
“No problem, Gabriel, we understand.”  Castiel said as he headed to the right side of the mattress.  It was obvious Gabe was not moving from the middle section of the cozy bed.  Dean had no other option but to lay down on the left side.
“Where do we change?”  Dean asked feeling uncomfortable.  She pointed to double doors to the right.  Castiel went in first and noticed four cubicles for private changing.  He motioned for Dean to enter, as well.
“I am not hiding anything, Gabe.  I love pussy and will never tire of it as long as I live; you get it!”  The blond 6’1 thespian’s face was as crimson as a red jalapeno.  He was not able to look at either his assistant or bodyguard in the eye.
Their mutual erections grinded against each other as the two lovers kissed passionately.  “Do you have protection?”  Cas asked Dean in between kisses.
A shot rang out in the silent early morning air.  Adam howled in pain and dropped the knife.  Sam rapidly took the weapon as he shoved his brother off him.  Adam lied on a fetal position holding his right upper arm.  Blood oozed from the fresh wound.  “You fucking bastard, you shot me!”
“Well I am going to start preparing the turkey for tonight’s dinner.  Gabriel, you promised to be my sous chef today.”
Castiel flew from his chair and embraced her for quite a while.  She pecked him lightly on the lips.  Dean assumed this was Anna right off the bat.  Cas turned to everyone in the room and introduced her as Anna Milton, his high school sweetheart.
“Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday Dear Cas, Happy Birthday to you!”  Castiel woke up on Thanksgiving morning to his family, friends and Dean singing around his bed.  Thankfully, he had slept with boxers and an old wife beater the previous night.  He would have been mortified to have been caught in his birthday suit by his mother and Jimmy.  He rubbed his sleepy baby blues as his mom hugged him.  “Happy Birthday, baby boy”
Castiel’s dark brows rose as he turned to look at Sam.  “Castiel, I know we do not know each other well but please help me.  All the answers will be provided by my Uncle Crowley, who lives in Glasgow, Scotland.”
Dean headed towards them with a goofy grin plastered in his face.  His eyes were red shot due to his intoxicated state.  He wrapped an arm around his agent’s shoulders.  “How’s my favorite agent?”  He burped loudly close to Castiel’s face.
Castiel rolled his eyes.  “I can’t believe I am doing this. OK I’ll show you some basics.  Then we will call it a day.”
Castiel scanned the perimeter and made sure his trusting SIG Sauer P229 pistol was secured in the gun holster beneath his suit’s jacket.  Earlier that morning he had cleaned and stocked his baby.  Once the assembled guests ceased their laughing and George W continued rambling about Watergate; Castiel observed a tall and lanky Middle Eastern man reach into his jacket’s pocket with a trembling hand.
Max had been right.  Cas had used him as a means of trying to rid himself of his feelings towards his charge.  Fassbinder was an available hottie, who wanted to have a good time.  So he desperately clung to the guy.  How pathetic he must have looked to those around him?  Castiel moaned into the goose feather pillow.
Dean sat down.  He really could not take any more bad news.  “There is extensive internal bleeding.  He will receive a blood transfusion before surgery and most likely afterwards. He is O+, which is the universal blood type.”
He took one of the matching platinum wedding bands from the velvet box.  Dean saw their initials were engraved in the inside part of the ring.  Castiel placed the band on Dean’s left ring finger.  Dean collected the other band and placed it in Cas’ finger.  He nervously bit his lower lip.
Dean visibly tensed.  He ground his teeth and his fisted his hands at his sides.  He still did not feel comfortable with the notion of Castiel and the cocky actor remaining friends.  “I bet he would love getting you drunk and having his way with you.”
“He can be so stupid and stubborn.  In how many different ways have I not shown I adore him and would die for him?”
“Hey, I know how you feel.  Never forget that I love you more than anything or anyone in this planet.”  Dean kissed him tenderly.
Dean saw a frizzy haired red head carrying a sign that read, “Marry Me Dean”.   He chuckled upon reading it.  He approached the woman, who seemed to be achieving orgasm on the spot and kissed her pale cheek.   A chubby adolescent girl, who stood adjacent to her, took a picture of the two of them. This allowed the carrot top to calm down a bit.
He ran into Dean’s room, which miraculously was the only part of the suite that wasn’t a complete inferno.  Castiel’s vision was blurry as he ran to the bed.  Dean was asleep.  He shook the slumbering man’s shoulders.  “Dean, wake up!  The suite is on fire!”  The flames had already entered the room.
Dean’s hands traced every inch of Castiel’s muscled torso.  “I want you so badly, Cas,” Dean huskily whispered into the other man’s ear.
“Gabriel this isn’t a movie in which we can have our own happily ever after.  This is real life and his well being is at stake.”
Dean continued glaring at his mischievous friend.  Gabe rolled his amber eyes.  “There is nothing better to relieve stress than a blow job.”
“Why?  You extra hungry this morning due to your strenuous training session with the boss man yesterday?”
“His arm is being placed in a cast as we speak and afterwards he will be groggy due to the pain medication he was administered.   You two should go home and return later this afternoon.  He will be more alert by that time.”
Adam continued.  “When I found out about your existence I became livid.  How could John and Mary have so little regard about me and Sam’s well-being and dote on you.  I have always hated you for receiving all the love that should have been given to me and Sam, as well.  As soon as we were born we were disposed of as dirty nappies.”
Dean chewed his lower lip and visibly relaxed.  He placed his head over Castiel’s chest.  He would never grow tired of hearing his lover, no his husband’s steady heartbeat.  Cas enveloped his arms around him and the two men fell asleep in that position.
Castiel nodded.  “After the miscarriage, we decided to call off the wedding.  Afterwards, we went our separate ways but have remained in contact throughout the years.  Anna will always hold a special place in my heart.  Of course not like you, Dean.  She is part of my past.  I needed you to know this since she will probably pay us a visit while we are there.”
The quartet arrived at Dillon’s Bar & Grill located in Hollywood Boulevard.  Dean admitted to himself Fassbinder picked a good place to hang out at.  The waitresses donned tight white polo shirts and short plaid skirts.  Just cuz he was in a monogamous relationship with Cas didn’t mean his eyes could not appreciate nature’s gifts.
Sam’s mouth gaped open.  “You are accusing me of planting the explosive?!  How could this be happening? I would never hurt anyone intentionally!”  One of the beefy uniformed officers turned him around in order for his partner to handcuff the flabbergasted Scotsman.
Castiel held on to Dean’s hand.  The blond man retrieved a copy of each of the twin’s birth certificates and handed them to Sam and Gabe.  He gave them time to register the information.  Gabriel’s mouth gaped open and Sam frowned making him resemble a Cro-Magnon man.  “This can’t be?”  His hazel eyes landed on Dean.  “You are our brother?”
Half an hour later, after each of the four friends ate two large slices of the scintillating cake, Gabriel and Sam took the remaining portion to the friendly and helpful staff.  Dean had refused to leave Castiel’s bed side.
Gabriel started sketching his lover.  Once he was happy with the finished product, he would paint it.  After two hours, Gabe could no longer control himself and threw himself on the gigantic Scotsman.  Sam was going to remove the kilt but Gabriel told him to keep it.  “I’ve always had a thing for hot Scottish dudes in kilts since I watched Braveheart.”   Sam smirked as he rolled up the kilt and removed Gabe’s denim cut offs.
“Yeah, dude and I like the dragon taking flight in the back,” Dean murmured.  He did not want Gabriel to think he was an ingrate.  The little guy obviously worked his ass off to make all of this happen.
“I apologize on his behalf, Rachel.  He was raised by horny wolves,” Dean said as he glared at Gabe.
Upon hearing the words, Castiel’s skin blanched and his armpits sweated profusely.  The latter tended to happen when he was extremely nervous.  He swiftly assisted President Bush in getting to his feet.  As soon as he knew, the man was well; Castiel strolled over to his two co-workers and the Middle Eastern man.  Cas apologized profusely to the supposed assassin.
Gabriel entered and lifted the trench coat.  “Will you get rid of that thing?  I hate it,” Dean commanded.
Castiel remained standing in front of the bed.  “Have no fear, buddy.  I do find you quite scrumptious but my heart has been taken by a Scottish Sasquatch and I have a hunch yours already belongs to someone else.”
His eyes scanned the area and he instantly saw Dean’s boots next to the vehicle.  “Damn it, Dean!  I mean it; get your ass as far away from here as possible!”
As the quartet descended the Impala, an adolescent boy, who was a lanky and slightly shorter replica of Castiel dashed out of the house and hugged Cas.  The bodyguard embraced his younger sibling heartily.  “Jimmy, you must have grown four inches since last time I saw you!”
Castiel sat at the booth running a frantic hand through his disheveled hair.  “I shouldn’t have hit him.  It’s just I have never seen him being such a giant ass while under the influence of alcohol.  The night I met him, he was acting like a douche but nothing like tonight.”
Castiel helped Dean removed his dead brother’s corpse from him.  A large patch of dark blood had already formed around his body.  Cas embraced Dean and kissed his forehead.  “The nightmare is definitely over, baby.” The actor’s body shook.  The bodyguard consoled him.
“Laddie, you must try the duck pate it is sinfully delicious.”  Fassbinder spread some of it on a cracker and fed it to the bodyguard.  Castiel swooned upon tasting the pate.  Dean saw a smudge of pate on the side of Cas’ mouth.
“Later today after we go to the police station, I am taking you to the hospital.  The EMT said you have two fractured ribs but I want to make sure it is not anything serious.”
Castiel, Max, Sam and Gabriel had all leaped into the water, when they had reached the overturned boat.  Sam and Cas swam and were able to find an unconscious Dean.  Max and Gabriel managed to turn the boat to its right position.  Samuel carried a drenched Dean into it.  Castiel volunteered to row the boat back to shore.
“Nothing much really; I’m going for my daily morning jog and then will go over a movie script Pam left for me.”
Max returned his attention to her.  “Sweetheart, why don’t you get us a pitcher of Guinness and one of Fat Tire, and two Dillon’s appetizers platters?”  He winked at the waitress, who told the five men her name was Shania.
His main priority as a bodyguard was to keep Dean safe 24/7.  How the hell would he be able to perform his duties efficiently if the two of them embarked on a steamy affair; especially if the two parties fell in love?  Castiel was afraid he was already falling into murky territory.  Dean would eventually find someone, who would love him like he deserved.  Maybe he was confusing lust with something else.  Supposedly Castiel was the first man to bring out gay urges from the actor.
Castiel felt rather uncomfortable as he sat in between his employer and new friend.  He wondered if he and Max would ever have sex.  Last night Cas felt terribly guilty after leaving his charge unattended while he and Fassbinder had a jolly good time. Dean’s safety was his number one priority so he returned to the table and did not leave his side for the remainder of the evening.  It had become a difficult juggling act, guarding Dean and getting to know Max.  The handsome actor had pleasantly surprised him by informing Castiel, he was staying at their same hotel.
Dean turned around and was shocked to hear the words emitted from the bodyguard’s mouth.  “I have to say I agree with what your shirt says, Gabriel.”
Castiel drank the remainder of his water.  “We’ve been here alone for over two hours and you have not tried anything.”
He licked Castiel’s nipples.  The bodyguard’s limbs felt like gelatin.  He landed languidly over Dean’s body.  He traced circles over Dean’s chest.  “I think we should shower before dinner.”
The following morning at ten, Castiel joined Gabe in the kitchen.  The assistant had prepared a fruit salad and three mushroom omelets for them.  “That smells divine, Gabriel.”
The EMT was going to give the medical supplies to Castiel but Dean cut in.  “Here, give me the stuff.  I will make sure to change the bandages and clean the wound.”
Gabe sucked on a sour apple flavored Blow Pop and winked at Dean.  “Something wrong with your eye, dude?”
He headed to the bathroom to take a cold shower because he was still hard as a block of cement.  “Good night, Cas.”
Before hitting the shower again, Dean turned both his and Cas’ cell phones off.  He did not plan on leaving the hotel room until tomorrow afternoon, for the scheduled photo shoot.  He sprinted to the bathroom, where Cas was already waiting for him in the shower.
The trio exited the interrogation room.  Gabriel ran up to them.  “I’ve been told my Sammy will be released soon!  What the hell happened?”
Rows upon rows of tall Sensation Boxelder trees aligned the long driveway.  Dean started to relax as soon as he took in the tranquil view.  The nineteen hour drive from LA to Wyoming had stressed the hell out of him.  He had only stopped twice for short bathroom breaks.  He wanted to spend the 4th of July with Cas.  Dean smiled as soon as his eyes landed on a skinny form riding an ATV heading towards him.
Half an hour later, the nurse finally emerged looking haggard.  “Is the surgery over?”  a frazzled Dean inquired.
Dean was furious.  “You are a fucking hypocrite!  I know you want me just as bad as I want you.  What we did on that bed right now is proof of it.  You are afraid of falling for me.  I am beginning to think you used Fassbinder as an excuse to not get close to me.”
The detective nodded.  “Two of my men found out he stayed at La Pensione Santa Lucia.  Fortunately, he had vacated his room without checking out and the cleaning lady had not tidied it up.  The officers discovered a used box of hair dye and discarded case of colored contact lenses.”
Gabriel’s mouth gaped open.  “He’s probably the type that shows his love through his actions and not verbally.  Give him time, Deano.  Wow, actors are so insecure.  Thank God Sammy is going to change his career choice.”
Dean stormed out of the kitchen; slamming the door that led to the terrace.  The short man, who donned tight jogging pants and a Vanity Smurf t-shirt, turned to the bodyguard, who had remained still and silent as a statue throughout Dean’s tantrum.
“Yes, Dean.  Are you ok?”  Castiel assisted Dean in getting him to the bed.  He swiftly unbound his ankles and wrists.  All of a sudden, a dazed and confused Gabe appeared by the bedroom’s door.  “Why did I wake up lying on the couch?  Did I hear gunshots?”
Dean crossed his well toned arms across his chest.  He licked his lips before speaking.  “Simple, you want to return to Mr. Sinister and continue where the two of you left off.  I was the cock block, who prevented you guys from having some afternoon delight when the fire debacle happened.”
Forty five minutes later, the Scotsman sat in the tail end of an airplane staring out into the runway as it ascended into the bright blue sky.  “Real soon, Dean Winchester, I will finish my quest in killing you.  I don’t care if I have to kill your lover the bodyguard in the process.  Perhaps, I will plan in getting rid of the two of you in a romantic setting.”  Adam smiled evilly as he stared outside the plane’s window.
“Believe me, you will thank me, when Deano is away filming movies and promoting them.  Now that Whack a Doodle has been apprehended; you will not have to be protecting him 24/7.”
After Dean signed autographs and posed with fans for pictures, the blond actor was escorted inside the theatre, where the movie’s premiere would commence in five minutes.  He was sweating bullets as he saw himself in the big screen and was dreading for the much buzzed about butt shot to occur.  Fifty five minutes into the film, it finally happened as his character was being tortured by a sadistic Moroccan drug lord.  Gabriel whistled loudly, causing several guests to laugh hysterically.  Dean slapped the back of Gabe’s head.
“Excuse me?  Did you just tell me to fetch you something?  Last time I checked I am not a flea bitten dog, who answers to your beck and call!  Ask me in a nicer tone or get it yourself.”  Gabe pouted at his boss.  He knew something majorly bad must have transpired between Dean and Cas.  His honey gaze landed on the ripped envelope.  Oh shit!  Now he knew what was going on.  Castiel must have given Dean his letter of resignation.  But why would the bodyguard do that?  Things seemed to be getting hot and heavy in the plane.   Once Deano cooled his jets, Gabe would get to the bottom of things.
Castiel felt his hesitancy.  “Don’t be afraid.”  He guided Dean’s digits a bit deeper. “I am not made of glass.”  He kissed Dean again.  Dean got the hang of things and inserted another finger inside Castiel’s warmth.  The bodyguard wrapped his toned legs across Dean’s waist.  Cas wailed into the blond man’s neck as his cock finally entered him.  It stretched Castiel a little.  The heels of Cas’ feet dug deeper into Dean’s lower back as his thrusts intensified.   “Damn Cas, you are so warm and sweet, baby.”
“Come in, Signore Novak.  We usually do not do this but the suspect denies legal representation because he insists he is innocent.  He only asked for you.”
“First let me tell you, he is the luckiest bastard I have ever treated.  The results of the MRI showed no internal bleeding and the x-ray only illustrated a broken humerus, sprained ankle and two cracked ribs.”
The waiter brought Castiel his cappuccino.  “Adam is actually his identical twin?”  Gabriel asked grinning for the first time that day.
Dean and Castiel exchanged identical looks of concern.  “We’ll talk about it, when we return to the hotel, Gabe.”
Dean had no idea the manmade lake would be pretty damn deep!  How embarrassing!  Cas must think he is such a loser!  All of a sudden, his right leg got tangled with some weed like plant.  He tried not to panic.  Two minutes felt like an hour for the desperate man as he held his breath.  He saw a hand reaching out to him before losing consciousness.
Samuel smiled at the bodyguard revealing dimples in the process.  He patted one of Cas’s covered feet.  “We are glad you are alright, mate.”
Castiel observed outside one of the living room windows to see if he saw any suspicious characters in the area.
“He regained consciousness for a few minutes and started complaining of chest pain.  One of the ER doctors ordered for a chest x-ray to be done and it revealed he has a punctured lung.”
Cas’ scowl swiftly turned into a megawatt smile.  “I am now.”  His gaze raked over Dean’s seminude form.  The only article of clothing on the blond man’s body was a pair of skin tight grey boxer briefs.  Dean held his hands and led him to the king size bed.
This certainly was not the way Pamela imagined introducing Dean to his bodyguard.  Gabriel, who had only drunk one sake cup, was the only sober one amongst the quartet.  He stood up and walked over to them.  “Hey Pam, I’m sorry he’s wasted.  He kept insisting on celebrating his cast coming off this morning.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Gabriel.  You are in shock and not thinking well.  You and Dean can return to the hotel and I will remain here.  There are a couple of questions I want the police officers to ask him.”
Dean scowled at his short assistant, who was sucking on a Blow Pop, as per usual at the moment.  Samuel smirked.  “Come on, sweetheart, there hardly is an age difference between the two of them.  Why don’t we allow for Castiel to get ready for breakfast?”
Dean threw one of the pillows at Gabe’s head.  The assistant giggled right before he started snoring.   The actor frustratingly covered his head with a pillow.
Later that afternoon, Sam entered the bathroom, which was attached to Gabriel’s bedroom.  He was pleasantly surprised to see Gabriel inside the Roman tub, which was filled almost to the brim with warm water scented with lavender bath salt.  Scented candles surrounded the tub and the best of Al Green played from Gabe’s IPod.  Sam deliberately took his time in removing his clothes.  He loved to see Gabriel squirm.
Then she told him about his seventeen year old brother, Jimmy had scored the winning touchdown during the homecoming game.  Castiel always felt proud of his baby brother, who was only six years old, when their dad died from complications of a heart attack.  “Congratulate Jimmy for me and tell him I’m joining you guys for Thanksgiving.”
The elevator’s door opened.  A crowd had gathered in the hotel’s lobby.  The guests were being led out of the building through the stairs.  The EMT guided Dean and Cas to an ambulance that was parked to the side of the building.  Castiel instructed the man to administer oxygen to Dean first.  Another EMT handed Castiel a t-shirt.  As the bodyguard turned around to put the shirt on, Dean dropped the oxygen mask to the ground.
“Actually Gabriel, I was in the in the middle of teaching Dean a couple of self defense moves and there is one where you bite somebody in the face.  We were wrestling and I was aiming for his nose but my teeth landed on his lower lip.”
Dean and Castiel stared at each other for a few seconds with identical looks of confusion.  “I am scared to ask what he has planned for us.”  Dean said as he headed to his room.
There was a knock at the door.  Samuel opened it.  Dean thought it was Cas but it turned out to be room service.  “I ordered us some clam chowder and hot chocolate. I also did the same for the lovebirds across the hall.”
He did not bother with condoms because during Castiel’s recent stay at the hospital, the two of them had been tested for HIV and STDS.  The results came back negative for the two of them.  Since they decided to be in a monogamous relationship with each other; they had no need for prophylactics.
Adam punched Dean’s jaw.  The actor winced in pain.  “Don’t tell me what to do, baby brother,” Adam whispered in his ear.
Castiel came out of his sexual trance and ceased stroking Dean’s cock.  “What’s wrong, Cas?”  Dean moved a few inches away from him.  His pupils were wide. Black soon overtook emerald.
“No, not yet; I did not want to ruin his Thanksgiving.  He was so happy that we were all a big happy family.  I’ll tell him when we take our morning jog later on.”
“Yep, the darling was fired from the miniscule role he had in the Bond film and he confessed acting is not his thing.  I called Pamela, when we got to LA and she says she might help him get a modeling gig.”
The blond man remained silent.  “I start work on Monday, so I have to book a flight for the day after tomorrow.”
“Dudes, I love it here!  No annoying fans asking for my autograph and everything is so chill.”  Dean said as he popped two cheese cubes in his mouth.   He quickly noticed Fassbinder’s hand had not left Cas’ knee since they had all settled on the blankets.
Castiel followed them and was not shocked to see Yuriko lead Dean to the men’s’ bathroom.  He tried opening the door but it was locked.  “Why me?”
“Did it ever occur to you Cas that maybe Sam became desperate and as a result did not give a shit about the damn cameras?  He just wanted us to be blown to smithereens!  You almost died, Cas.  I will never forgive him for that.  I hope he rots in fucking prison!”
“Hey, you deserve so much more, Cas.  I love you so much, babe.”  Castiel cupped Dean’s face and kissed his lips tenderly.
Chad aka Adam approached a cherry wood table, where Pam had left her Blackberry.  He searched her contacts and scrolled down to the letter D.  When his eyes landed on Dean Winchester’s address, he smirked evilly.  “Things are becoming easier now.”  He rummaged through her 100% genuine Italian leather purse and found a batch of keys.  Adam knew one of these opened the door to Dean’s house.
“You don’t look so bad yourself.  Thanks by the way; I really like the stuff you chose for me.”  Castiel surprised Gabriel by hugging him.
Dean smirked.  He knew damn well what was bugging Castiel but he wanted to hear him say it.  “I guess so cos I have no idea what you are talking about.”
Sam was escorted to a holding cell, while the police contacted the Scottish Royal Navy and Castiel called his Uncle Crowley.  Dean and Gabriel had gone two a small café two blocks away from the police station.  The actor ordered chamomile tea for his assistant, who remained skittish since they discovered Samuel for the psycho killer he was.  “Drink the tea while it’s still hot, dude.”  Dean bit his lower lip.  How could they never pick up on any hints, when Sam hung out with them?  He had to give the Sasquatch credit for his excellent acting skills.
The manner in which the two lovers stared at each other as if they were the only two occupants in the pub was vomit inducing.  Dean swallowed hard.  Shit!  Who was he fucking kidding?!  He was seething with jealousy over what Sam and Gabe had.  Dean recalled telling Castiel he loved him but the bodyguard never reciprocated those three words verbally.
Dean’s face turned crimson.  Castiel continued, “He had seen the YouTube clip of when I practically attacked Bela at the restaurant.”
Unknown to them, Dean had been spying on the duo ever since they vacated the house through one of the living room windows.  He was seething as soon as he saw the little bitch get closer to Cas.
Gabe turned towards Dean and bowed at him.  Dean realized he also had to bow and did so.  His assistant handed him the bowl.  “Now you bow at Cas,” Gabriel whispered.   Dean did as instructed.  Castiel had no freaking idea what the hell was going on.
He jumped out of bed and turned on one of the room’s lamps.  Dean scurried in his walk-in closet searching for the latest issue of Busty Asian Beauties.  Eureka!  He found it.  He made himself comfortable in the king size bed.  He lubed his aching cock and perused the magazine’s nude babes.  There was one in particular who had a cupid’s mouth that got his full attention.
“The old monk will complete the scroll, which proves the two of you are married and personally deliver it to the newlyweds tomorrow morning.  He does not want to intrude on your honeymoon night.”
“Shit Dean, I am so fucking sorry.  We just wanted to get a bit high.  The kid we got the stuff from must have sold us some hard core stuff.  I promise this will never happen again.
When Gabe returned to the spacious and bright kitchen, Castiel was preparing a fruit salad.  The bodyguard smiled at him.  “I know you must be hungry.”  Gabriel nodded and gave him his thanks.
“I served a short army stint at Fort George.  Although the one, who taught me target practice was my brother, Adam.  He is in the Royal Navy, where he flies Sea King Mk.5 helicopters.”
Dean bade good bye to his former co-workers and returned to the hotel with his bodyguard.  As promised by the chief of security a burly guard stood sentry outside their suite.  The two Americans bowed at the man and he did the same.  Once they were inside, Dean broke the tense atmosphere.  Since his temper tantrum, he and Cas had kept things professional.   They would keep their conversations at a minimum.
After the two of them had completed two miles, Dean stopped to catch his breath.  Today was his first jogging session since the accident.  As part of his physical therapy the hospital would send a therapist to his home and they would do suitcase dead lifts, one armed DB bench presses and one hand dumbbell overhead squats.
Castiel laughed.  “I’m being an idiot.  Ever since I saw Kill Bill and hear this particular piece at the end of the movie, I always blubber like a baby.”
Gabriel flew out of his seat and embraced Cas wholeheartedly.  He kissed the bodyguard on the lips.  “Thanks, Cas!  This is the best news I have ever received.  I knew my Sammy was innocent.”
An hour later, Dean and Castiel were jogging down a snow covered bike trail by Miller’s Pond.  Cas was constantly on the lookout for anything suspicious.  Underneath the several layers of clothes he had on was his pistol.  He was about to tell Dean, when the blond man grabbed his hand and led him to a patch of pine trees.
“Unfortunately, the crazy bastard escaped from the psychiatric facility the judge had sent him for psychological evaluation.  He murdered an orderly in order to escape and took off in the victim’s truck.”
Castiel tenderly traced the cut on Dean’s chiseled cheek.  “If I would not have gotten here, when I did, that monster would have killed you.”  He cried on Dean’s shoulder.
The three Americans arrived at the police station at ten thirty in the morning.  The detective in charge of the case motioned for the three of them to enter his office.  When he closed the door, Gabriel inquired about Sam.  “He remains in the holding cell.  The Scottish Royal Navy has been very helpful in assisting us with the case.”
“Your lovey dovey scene is making me want to vomit,” Adam interrupted.  “Once Dean here signs the new will, I will finally kill you and dispose of your corpses.  Then I will also get rid of dear Sam and that gremlin looking boyfriend of his.  I don’t approve of my two siblings being faggots but at least Dean; you have much better taste than Sam.”
“Bite me, Hendrickson,” Castiel said through grinding teeth.  Someone bellowed right after that the President’s mother had passed out due to the commotion.  “Can this day get any worse?”  Cas thought to himself.
“If you will excuse me, I will go change.  Pamela paid me for two weeks in advance and I keep my word.  If by the end of the two weeks no attempts have been made against your life, then I will hit the road.”
Cas opened one blue eye.  “Dean, I love you with all of my being but please don’t quit your day job.”  His husband chuckled.  “Love ya, babe”
“When will crazy ass Adam be out of our lives for good?”  Gabriel asked as Sam embraced him and kissed his forehead.
Almost a year later, he stands under a scorching sun listening to Alfred E Newman, who was MAD magazine’s famous mascot and the name some of the secret service agents had dubbed the former President with.  The Southern California summer heat was really getting to him now.  He was tempted to loosen his tie but that was a big no –no.  Cas rolled his eyes once more as Bush said another guffaw.  The former President was a pro at covering up his mistakes, so he said a corny joke, which to Castiel’s horror made half of the crowd laugh.
Dean cursed inwardly as Lil Dean did not come up to salute.  This had never happened to him before.  At least not before he started developing feelings for fraking Cas!  Yuriko rubbed his cock but the bastard had a mind of its own.  The waitress pouted, when she did not get any response from Dean’s dick.  The actor let her go.
Twenty minutes later, he was brought into the station.  His gaze instantly landed on Gabriel, whose vibrant honey eyes were red rimmed.  His nose was red, also.  Dean sat next to him, holding his hand.  Castiel threw daggers at him with his cerulean eyes.  Dean rose and headed towards him but Castiel held his waist.  “So you are the sick/evil dick, who has been trying to kill me, huh?”
“The good thing is we will be heading to Paris in two days for the movie’s European premiere.  We can stay at a hotel until we depart for the European press junket.”
“Dean, I’m sorry but I thought you would want this, as well.  You told me yourself you wouldn’t mind living somewhere private away from the Hollywood hoopla.”
Castiel entered the house and noticed everyone had gone their separate ways.  Sam and Gabe were most likely getting ready for bed in the basement.  Jimmy was online chatting with Amelia and his mom preparing her next class lecture.  Where the hell was Dean?
After that the two of them hit it off.  Dean even assisted Rachel in preparing a couple of pies for tomorrow’s Thanksgiving dinner.  Castiel appeared in the cozy yet spacious kitchen.  “Mom, can I borrow my man for a moment?”
After settling in and placing his faithful gun beneath his pillow, Castiel heard raucous laughter being emitted from Dean’s bedchamber.   This was quickly followed by Trixie moaning loudly and screaming Dean’s name.  Castiel rolled his eyes.  Unfortunately, he had to keep his door slightly ajar since he had to be ready in case the psycho killer made an impromptu appearance.  Five minutes later, the blonde floozy’s moans came to a halt.  Castiel thanked God for small favors as he closed his eyes.
Samuel broke the hug and playfully ruffled his younger brother’s hair.  “Let me go help Gabriel unpack.”
The house’s vast backyard was decorated with red, white and blue balloons and banners.  Sam and Gabe were in charge of preparing the burgers and hotdogs, while Jimmy and Rachel brought out the hamburger and hotdog buns, cole slaw and baked beans.
Hendrickson burst out laughing and asked, “You want a drink?  You sure will need one after Singer rips you a new one.”
The following morning at eleven, Dean had a photo shoot and interview for a Japanese entertainment magazine.  His wardrobe was casual and had been provided by an up and coming Japanese designer.  Dean felt comfortable throughout the entire process since the reporter was very down to earth, as well as the other staff involved with the shoot.
The actor, who was raised in Ireland chuckled and actually blushed hearing the handsome American’s compliments.  Dean gawked at Castiel.  Since when was he such a geek?  “So you saw X-Men but never saw Bang Your Are Dead?”
“Don’t worry about me.  My priority is to make sure you vacate this room safely.  Cover your mouth with my t-shirt.  Now move!”
All of a sudden, Gabriel entered the room followed by Sam, who carried a large cake box.  “OMG!  You lucky bastard, for a moment there we thought you were a goner.”  Gabriel placed the paper bag he held on a small table.   He ruffled Cas’ disarrayed dark locks and kissed his forehead.
The last time he and Castiel shared together was on Christmas Day.  The couple had not solved the dilemma concerning Cas not informing Dean about his new employment and vice versa, with Dean not telling his hubby about his new movie role, which would have him travel across the world for at least six months. Castiel knew this was a huge break for Dean’s career and he refused to be selfish and ask him to accompany him to Wyoming while he adjusted to his new job.
“Dean, you are the only person I want to be with.  Max is just a friend and will never be nothing more.”  He held Dean’s face and kissed him softly on the mouth.  “You can be a stubborn son of a bitch.”
He already knew where his beloved little brothers were at.  When he had driven Pamela home from the club, she had incessantly blabbered on about being invited for Thanksgiving to the bodyguard’s home in Sycamore, Illinois.  All Adam had to do was check online for the Novaks’ address.  He tapped the steering wheel as he listened to Radiohead’s “Creep”.
Meanwhile, Adam Maclachlan rinsed the bright golden blond dye from his recently shaved head.  He smirked as he ran inventory on his new look.  His hair was no longer brown since he had shaved it earlier this morning.  His hazel eyes were now blue due to contact lenses.  He had grown a goatee, which he had dyed blond, as well.   He no longer resembled his identical twin, Samuel.
“He worked half a day and is in the stables with Sam and the vet.  Morning Star should give birth tonight.  Her appetite’s been off this week and her teats have been rapidly filling and waxing.”
Finally, the torture was over and the director yelled cut for the last time that day.  Castiel could not fathom why they had to film over four hours of footage for a thirty second commercial.  Dean walked up to him and smiled.  “You must be bored out of your mind.  I am sorry.  I had no idea this would take so long.  I can’t complain with the paycheck though.  Tomorrow will be the photo shoot for the ad campaign and that will be it.”
Castiel visibly tensed.  Gabriel felt the change in the bodyguards’ demeanor as soon as the words left his lips.  He finished placing the bandage on Cas’ back and patted his shoulder lightly, before standing up.  “That won’t be a problem, am I right, Cas old boy?”
“Maybe I will rearrange your face.  Let’s see if lover boy will stay at your side if you look like a freak.”  Adam brought the knife back up to Dean’s face.  He cut his left cheek.  Dean closed his eyes and refused to give the whack a doodle the satisfaction of hearing him whimper or moan due to pain.
Dean remained dumbfounded throughout the entire conversation.  Castiel turned to him.  “Are you alright, Dean?  You are white as a ghost.”
The bodyguard was flabbergasted.  “Look Anna, I am flattered and you know you will always hold a special place in my heart but…”  She rose on her toes and kissed him on the mouth.
Gabriel rolled his eyes as Sam chuckled.  “Ugh, get it cos Cas has big cojones.  I’ve lost count on all the times he has saved your life, Deano.”  Castiel laughed once more.
Castiel and Fassbinder laughed so hard tears formed in their eyes.  Dean was livid.   “What the fuck is going on?”
The lanky teen stopped the vehicle and hopped off.  “Dean, it’s great to see you!  Cas is going to be happy.  He has been morose without you.”
His eyes scanned the club until they landed by the bar.  The two guys stood waiting for drinks.  Fassbinder whispered something in Castiel’s ear causing him to blush from head to toe.  As the actor continued whispering to the bodyguard, Cas wrapped his arm around the man’s trim waist.  One of his hands slid down until it discreetly palmed the man’s
Castiel set the almost empty bowl aside.  His appetite swiftly evaporated.  “Listen Gabe, I am here to do my job.  That means I have to keep Dean safe at all times and apprehend the maniac, who is trying to kill him.  I can’t afford for any feelings to develop between the two of us.  There can’t be any distractions.”
Gabriel giggled as he sprayed Calvin Klein’s Eternity on Dean.  “That’s enough dude!  I don’t want to smell like a brothel.”  His assistant rolled his amber eyes.  He moved on to the actor’s hair before giving him a triumphant thumbs-up.
Adam gave Dean’s hair one final hard tug and kicked him on his lower back.  Castiel yelled, “It’s not his fault, asshole!”
Gabriel rolled his eyes at the stubborn bodyguard.  “It is a symbolic ceremony which takes place between two people who want to declare their love to one another.”
“If the fire wouldn’t have happened…would you have fucked him?”  Dean chewed his lower lip as he waited for Cas’ answer.
Dean approached them and yanked Castiel away from the European thespian.  “Now I know why you never told me you loved me; cos you don’t!”
Several cackles and giggles were heard throughout the four hundred people, who made up the distinguished assembled guests.   George W chuckled and started his speech all over again from the very beginning.  “Good Friday afternoon, my fellow Americans and distinguished foreign dignitaries.  We are here to inaugurate the addition of the Watergate archives to the Richard Nixon Library.”
Dean banged his closed fist against the small oval table.  “He had the balls of steel to tell me he wants to reunite with Max Fucking Fassbinder and play house with him.”
Castiel offered Sam an apple as a bribe.  “Come on horsy.”  The Big Foot, who still remained trotting on all four limbs, followed him.  Once he made Sam sit like a normal human being, he gave him the apple.  Miraculously, the two men fell asleep for a half hour nap.
Dean placed his right index finger over Castiel’s full lips.  “Hey, you mean everything to me, and I want to spend as much time with you as possible.  I have never felt comfortable living in LA.  To make matters worse, the paparazzi have started to buzz around and I don’t like it one bit.  They can be annoying vultures.  This place finally feels like home.”
The Italian detective perused the family album first and observed a plethora of pictures of the Maclachlan twins starting from their infancy to their early adolescence.  He moved on to the baptismal record, which illustrated the two infants were baptized on the same day.  When his eyes landed on the boys’ birth certificates something caught his attention ASAP.
Dean closed his eyes as he enveloped his right hand over his erection.  He bit his full lower lip as he masturbated imagining the Asian babe sucking him off.  Her pretty Cupid’s bow mouth wrapped itself hungrily around his dick.  All of a sudden, Dean remembered Cas’ mouth and the chick was soon replaced by the former agent.  Castiel was nude on his knees giving Dean a mind numbing blow job.  His strokes intensified as Castiel took his cock all in and swallowed greedily as Dean came in his mouth.  The actor climaxed as imaginary Cas licked cum from his sinful upper lip.  Dean wiped his drenched hand with a couple of Kleenex.  He threw himself on the bed.  “What the fuck is happening to me?”
“The ambulance is here to take him to the nearest hospital, boss man.”  A minute later, Dean felt two paramedics remove Cas from him.
Dean was getting sick seeing his bodyguard act like one of those annoying Twilight teeny boppers he loathed crying over Edward or Jacob.  The two men spoke incessantly over their favorite soccer teams.  Fassbinder favored Liverpool and Castiel’s favorite team was Chelsea.  They debated about which the best players were and who would win the next encounter.  Dean was shocked at seeing Castiel speak so damn much.  He was about to tell him to shut his pie hole.
For the next few hours a variety of different tests were performed on Castiel.   His assigned physician stopped by and congratulated the bodyguard on a speedy recovery.  Although he informed the two Americans, Cas was to remain in the hospital for an additional four days.  He wanted to make sure he was well enough to continue his regular routine.  Once the doctor exited the room, Castiel tried rising from the bed.
Castiel’s brows rose half an inch.  He had no idea who the hell Dean Winchester was.  “Singer actually recommended me?”
“I’ve never had such a hot teacher before,” Dean whispered to himself.  Fuck!  Where did that come from?
“That’s just fucking great!  The loon’s lawyer will go the insanity defense route.  This sucks big fat hairy donkey balls.”
Castiel avoided looking into Gabriel’s eyes.  He retrieved paper towels and carefully dried the orange juice from the tiles.  Gabe did the same but instead used a sponge to dry the refrigerator.  The two men cleaned and discarded the pieces of shattered glass in amicable silence.  Gabriel hummed the Scissor Sisters’ “Filthy Gorgeous” to cut some of the tension that remained in the room.
Dean was having a wonderful time during the bountiful Thanksgiving meal.  He finally felt like he was part of a family.  Rachel and Jimmy had really done a great job of making him feel part of the Novak household.  All of a sudden, Castiel’s cell phone started ringing incessantly.  He discreetly checked to see who the pesky caller was.  His eyes narrowed as soon as he read Robert Singer’s name.  He still had not erased his former boss’ number from his contact list.
Dean’s eyebrows rose an inch or two.  He gritted his teeth and counted to ten.  This chick was getting on his last nerve.  Why the fuck didn’t Cas tell her to stop molesting him?  He drank the apple cider and then went to the kitchen to fetch two wine bottles.  He returned to the living room and automatically noticed Anna’s grubby hand was covering one of Cas’.  Dean uncorked the red wine bottle and poured a general amount into a glass.  Castiel immediately observed how fast his lover was guzzling down the wine.
Cas rose from the bed and headed to the bathroom on unsteady feet.  Dean swiftly stood next to him and guided him inside.  He continued undressing Castiel, who giggled every time Dean removed an article of clothing from his body.   Dean liked goofy Cas.   He opened the sliding glass door and assisted Castiel inside the shower stall.  Dean turned on the water and made sure it was warm.
Castiel gulped down the caffeinated beverage in no time.  Dean removed his tie and unbuttoned the navy shirt he donned.  He loved how hot Cas looked in blue.  It emphasized the color of his magnificent eyes.  “Can you manage to take a shower on your own?”
Adam’s frantic hold on Castiel lessened.  Cas head butted him.  Adam heard his twin’s footsteps approach the bedroom.  “This isn’t over,” he whispered to Castiel before escaping through a window.
Her doe eyes became dewy.  “I’m sorry, Anna.  He is the love of my life.  I will always consider you one of my greatest friends.  Please let’s not lose our friendship.”
Dean scrunched his face.  “OK, dude, TMI!  I get it she is showing signs that she is about to go into labor.”
The two men drove in silence towards the nearest park.  Dean parked the Impala underneath a tree in an isolated section. Castiel was the first one to exit the vehicle to scan the perimeter.  No one was around at the moment.  The bodyguard started stretching.  Dean’s traitorous eyes landed on the dark haired man’s hard firm ass.  Shit, not again!   He really needs to get rid of Castiel.
Anna spoke animatedly to Dean about her being in the cheerleading squad and Castiel the kicker for the high school football team. Her hands were constantly on Castiel’s knees or hands.  Dean did not like that one bit.  Mercifully, everyone else joined them twenty minutes later.  Rachel brought some hot apple cider and handed a cup to everyone.
“Actually it’s my eye. I think when you performed the striking eye technique you might have poked it.  It has started to burn.  Can you see if it is turning red?”
Dean and Cas acted normal during dinner, which consisted of chicken ravioli, Caesar salad, red wine and tiramisu.  They even gave kudos to Gabriel for his portrait of Sam.  Castiel whispered in Dean’s ear he wouldn’t mind role playing with the two of them donning kilts.
Dean’s eyes widened.  “Ha ha, got ya!  Don’t worry; I will take care of it as if it were a newborn puppy.  I’ll be back in a jiff.”
Cas scanned the entire suite and was relieved to see no balcony in sight.  The only way in and out was through the front door; so psycho killer would have a difficult time trying to enter.  The bodyguard decided he would sleep on the couch, which was situated to the left side of the door.
If someone would have told a thirteen year old Dean that someday he would be married to the sexiest and most courageous man he would ever know, have a Scottish brother and a flamboyant yet endearing brother in law; he would have flipped them the bird.  His life had changed for the better in less than a year and it was all thanks to his psychotic brother.  If Adam wouldn’t have tried to kill him, Dean Winchester would have never met one sexy as hell disgraced ex-Secret Service Agent, who would sacrifice his life on several occasions to save his.
Dean knelt adjacent to his friend and wrapped his arms around his shaking shoulders.  Gabriel cried on Dean’s chest.  Castiel’s heart broke at the sight he witnessed.  He himself was in denial, as well.  Something was not right about all of this.  Why would Sam, who had been extremely meticulous so far, allow his face to appear on camera?  To be more precise, why would he be negligent in allowing his façade to appear on the footage, which clearly illustrated he was the one, who had placed the explosive underneath the SUV?  He massaged his temple.  Castiel already felt the beginning of a migraine.
Castiel felt a lump on his throat as he opened the envelope with shaky fingers.  What could his father have left him?
“Admit it; you still have feelings for her!  Take advantage that you are here and reunite with your one true love.  I’ll be out of your life tonight.”
Castiel smirked.  Unknown to the actor he had heard his comment.  He led Dean to the middle of the spacious rec room, which was covered by a large mat.  “First of all, self-defense isn’t about performing slick moves.  Its main priority is how you think and use your mind in order to defend yourself.   Forget the crap you have seen in or performed in your movies.  It is all about using your mind, making the right choices and controlling your life.”
Dean tried to see what Cas had observed.  All he saw was the SUV being zoomed in.  All of a sudden, his eyes widened in shock as a tall figure clothed in black jeans, turtle neck and combat boots emerged fluidly like a lethal panther from underneath the SUV.  The camera captured the psycho killer!  When the expert zoomed in more, the figure’s face was in clear focus.
Castiel chuckled and headed to the bed, where he removed his t-shirt and lied on his stomach.  Gabriel sat on the mattress.  He removed the bandage from Castiel’s slightly bronzed back.  “Doesn’t look so bad, my friend” He went on to apply the ointment.  As Dean’s assistant smoothly lathered the ointment on the burn, Castiel closed his eyes.  He already missed Dean’s touch.  The actor would apply the antiseptic on his skin gingerly as if he was made out of glass.
Twenty minutes later, the trio was exiting their suite.  Dean observed Castiel walk to the suite across the hall from theirs.  He knocked twice and fifteen seconds later a jubilant Fassbinder opened the door.  “Good afternoon, gorgeous,” he said in an Irish accent.  He placed a chaste kiss on Cas’ lips.
Dean and Castiel had remained in the kitchen with the excuse Cas was going to make fresh lemonade.  They spent five minutes making out and groping each other.  Gabe yelled, “You two can continue mauling each other later this evening!  We are hungry!”
The man’s black hawkish eyes zeroed in on the former President.  Castiel ran towards Bush and threw him behind the platform.  His body covering the stunned Texan, while yelling, “Middle Eastern man in third row wearing beige jacket is packing heat!”
Castiel lied down on his stomach due to the burn on his mid back.  Dean had applied ointment and covered it before they went to sleep.  It took Cas around an hour to fall asleep.  The conversation he had with Max regarding his feelings for Dean kept repeating in his head.  He had signed on for this job to keep Dean safe and hopefully apprehend the sick bastard, who was trying to kill him.  But the more time he spent with the actor, the more emotionally attached he became.
The two men had changed and went to the garden.  Dean slyly looked at Castiel in his kimono and he loved how the color brought out the bodyguard’s eyes.   He was unaware that the slightly shorter man was thinking the same thing about him.  The geisha appeared and gestured for them to follow her to a small stone basin.
Castiel shook his head.  Pamela told Cas about the Belgian chocolates and hit &run incidents.   After he heard everything the former Secret Service agent said, “I am sorry but I don’t believe I am the right person for the job.  Maybe you can get a private security company to hand over one of their top guards.”
Dean thought Cas would stop sucking him off upon hearing those words but he did the complete opposite.  When Dean came, he swallowed the tangy warm cum.  The bodyguard finally rose.  His bright blue eyes bore into Dean’s emerald ones.  The blond man embraced the dark haired one.  They kissed hard before exiting the shower.
Castiel kissed the tip of his nose.  “Hey…you’re stuck with me.”  He held one of Dean’s hands.  “I am not going anywhere.  I promise I will apprehend this monster and make him pay for all the pain he has caused us.”
Fifteen minutes later, Castiel was wheeled into Ospedale Maggiore.  Dean felt completely impotent as he saw more blood oozing from the shrapnel injury.  He was going to enter the emergency room but was blocked by a middle aged nurse.   “I have to be with my husband.”
“Great!  I have plans for that pie.”  Dean fetched the dessert and escorted Trixie to his room.  Castiel washed the dishes and made sure all the windows and doors were locked.  He also set the alarm before going to his bedroom.  On his way there, he noticed Dean had placed a black sock over his room’s doorknob.  Castiel shook his head.  Winchester was behaving like a frat boy.
Gabe would take a short nap and gather some of Dean’s clothes and toiletries for when he was released.  Also, his boss would be grateful if he had a couple of issues of his favorite magazine, “Busty Asian Beauties” to keep him company during his stay at the hospital.
“I understand where you are coming from, Dean but this outcome is too easy.  In all of his prior attempts, the killer was immaculate in not leaving any evidence.  He knew there were cameras all over the hotel, specifically the parking garage.  Why would he purposely allow himself to be videotaped at the scene of the crime?  This all doesn’t make sense.”
The next four hours were tedious and agonizing for Castiel.  He had been clenching his teeth the entire time.  The willowy model would plaster herself to Dean whenever they were not filming.  Cas had never wanted to grab someone by the hair and sweep the floor with them in his entire life!
All of a sudden, Castiel turned his head and opened his bright blue eyes.  Dean could drown in the ocean they created every time he gazed at them.  He nervously licked his lips.  Castiel surprised the hell out of him by cupping his face and leaning closer.  Dean gulped nervously.
The detective entered his office and motioned for Dean and Castiel to accompany him.  “What happened?”  Dean asked.
Dean tossed and turned on his king size mattress as Gabriel’s voice incessantly remained haranguing him with “Cas has been Fassbindered!”  Why the hell should he give a damn if his bodyguard were to fuck the suave bastard?!
Sorry, Yummy for the confusion regarding their ages.  Sam and Adam are older than Dean and Dean is older than Cas.
Their gazes did not leave each other for about thirty seconds.  “There, all done monsieur; you will add this ointment to your back every four hours.  Then change the bandage.”
“If that is the case then we shall get the show on the road.  I will switch places with good old Samuel and mourn my beloved newly discovered brother’s untimely demise.  I will inherit everything from you and will live happily ever after.  I plan on buying a chateau in Switzerland. Maybe I will hook up with a hot Swiss Miss.”  Adam winked at his two captives.
“You are correct, Mr. Novak.  I will start his release paperwork immediately.  Excuse me, gentlemen.”
“I almost lost you, Cas.  I don’t think I can go on without you.”  He rolled his eyes.  “You’ve turned me into an ovulating chick.”
Castiel’s nostrils flared as he poured a generous amount of the red wine into his glass.  Gabriel rose and watched in fascination as his friend approached the bitch.  All of a sudden, Cas threw the contents of the wine glass on the infuriating model’s miniscule dress.   Bela gasped.  “You drunk son of a bitch; who the fuck do you think you are?!”
“Not bad at all, Maclachlan.  You are a bloody genius, mate.”  He laughed.  His plan was coming along famously.  Poor Samuel was taking the heat instead of him.  By the time the police were on his tail, he would be in the States.  He had purchased a plane ticket to Los Angeles under a false identity.  Adam knew how to create false immigration documents.  Inside a duffel bag, lay his newly created British Passport.  He had breakfast in a cozy café in the airport as he waited for the announcement to  board his flight.
Dean clapped his hands.  “Let’s play Dominoes and Sammy; you are going to get your ass handed to you in a silver platter.”
Dean did not want to separate himself from Castiel.  They had become inseparable since the messy haired man was hired as his bodyguard.  In a short amount of time they had meant everything to one another; essentially becoming the love of each other’s lives.  Not many people could share the dramatic ordeals they went through.
“Whatever,” Dean murmured as he ate some of the rice.  Castiel ignored the actor and ate all of his salad and chicken lo mein.  He drank some hot tea to wash the delicious meal down.  Pam forced Dean to drink some of the tea, as well.
Dean’s lower lip remained caught in between Cas’ teeth as the two men stared like deer caught in headlights at the short assistant.  The actor, who straddled Castiel at the premise moment hopped away from his bodyguard swiftly, reminding Gabe of a crazed kangaroo.
After they signed in, Castiel went to speak with the head of hotel security and explained what was happening to Dean.  The middle aged Japanese man was very amiable and professional.  He gave Castiel his word that he would keep a close look on the suite.  He would even have one of his men keep guard outside for their protection.  Cas had really liked the man.  They bowed to each other and shook hands.
“You’re welcome, kid.”  Dean affectionately ruffled the boy’s red mop of hair.  “Hey, mind if I join you?”
“I am going to take a warm bubble bath and then hit the hay.  Good night guys.  Don’t forget we need to get up at seven in order to catch the ten o’clock flight.”
His two friends remained silent.  Castiel’s eyes widened in fear because he dreaded what was about to come out of Gabriel’s mouth.  “This particular tea ceremony is performed between two people, who declare their love to one another.”
“I see your lover is not here.  I was looking forward in torturing you in front of him before I killed the two of you.”  Adam trailed the blunt military knife down Dean’s face down to his carotid artery.
Dean grinded his teeth because he was being cock blocked by his assistant.  He wanted to make love with Castiel this evening but he could kiss any sexy time sayonara.  The actor reprimanded himself for not having his own way with Cas in the shower. “Aren’t you going to bid us good night, Deano?”  Gabriel grinned mischievously.
He had never been attracted to men in his entire life but as soon as he set eyes on the dark haired blue eyed bodyguard he was a goner.  That was why he was trying to be a major dick towards the guy, when they first met.  Then when he saw how dedicated the man was to his job and how Dean had become his number one priority; he started liking him more.  Watching him with Fassbinder was the worst torture he could have endured.
Dean interrupted.  “Have you seen my movie?”  Cas shook his head.  Dean was actually disappointed.  “You will, when we attend the French premiere.”
He stood up and was going to head to his and Dean’s bedroom.  As he passed adjacent to Dean, the blond man grabbed one of his arms and placed the flabbergasted dark haired man on his lap.  Castiel straddled the actor as he sat at the dining table.  He bit his lower lip as Dean’s hands held on to his hipbones causing their groins to deliciously grind against each another.
Castiel did not let go of Dean’s hand, as the actor led him to where he had been sitting.  He helped Cas get the shirt off and told the EMTs, who were fluent in English to tend to Castiel’s back.  As the bodyguard was given oxygen with the mask, one of the EMTs lathered antibiotic ointment on the burn he received on his mid back.  Dean traced soothing circles across Castiel’s hand.  “Everything is going to be fine, dude.”’
“No!”  Castiel exclaimed as he woke up from the reoccurring nightmare.  He sat on the full size bed and placed a shaking hand over his heart that felt as if he was suffering from tachycardia.  It was beating majorly fast.  The former Secret Service agent rose from the mattress in his small studio apartment in Georgetown.  The lease was not over until next month so Cas decided to remain living there for the time being.
Dean released his hold on him.  He kissed him chastely.  “Even though our marriage is not legal; I consider it to be a fact.  I will not be with anyone until you are ready to accept what is going on between us.  It’s up to you, how you want to handle things.”
Dean smelled a familiar perfume and noticed a much shorter silhouette lying by the door’s entrance, besides his deranged brother.  Castiel observed the innocent player in their macabre tale, as well.  “Why did you bring her here, Adam?  She better be alive!”
“Jimmy, why don’t you give your big brother your gift first, since you have to go and run an errand,” Gabriel suggested.
“I hope you are telling the truth, Sam, because Gabriel is a mess and I really want for the bastard, who has been trying to kill Dean to be captured and pay.  Alright, I will call your uncle.”
“Didn’t you make snow angels as a kid?”  He started spreading his arms and legs over the snow covered ground.  Castiel smiled at his husband and copied his movements.  He did not have any worries for a couple of minutes.  Dean’s happiness was too infectious.
“I am Dean Winchester’s husband; that’s who I am, sweetie.  Why don’t you go eat a burger and leave us alone?”
“He only told me he had a brother named Adam, who he was attached at the hip with all of their childhood but he became distant in early adolescence.  When Sam confessed to him he was gay, Adam stopped talking to him.”
“Dean, he will make it.  You know him better than me.  When has he ever given up on anything?  He is as stubborn as they come.”
Dean appeared looking sheepishly at his lady friend.  “Hey baby!  Thanks for showing up on such short notice.”  He grabbed her curvaceous hips and kissed her hard on the mouth.  Castiel winced.  Who knew how many men had plowed that field.
He placed his carry-on bag and sole suitcase by the living room entrance.  The cozy house had dark hardwood floors and the living room was accentuated by floor to ceiling windows, which allowed an abundance of light to illuminate the inside.  Pam went on to give him a tour of every single room of the house.
As he was closing the door, Cas surprised him with what he said next.  “Aren’t you going to join me?  I might slip and crack my skull.”    The bodyguard could not keep a straight face.
All of a sudden, Dean was taken away from his woolgathering session by Castiel, who sat on a vacant mahogany chair at their table.  He was about to open his mouth, when a tall and lanky waiter approached them and asked him for his order.  Castiel rolled his cerulean eyes before ordering a cappuccino.  Once the server headed to the counter, the bodyguard covered one of Gabe’s shaking hands and smiled at him.
“Believe me, you are not the only one, who has missed this,” Dean whispered against Castiel’s flustered ear.  He took his time tracing said ear with his tongue.  Cas’ fingers dug deep into Dean’s shoulders as he kissed and nibbled his neck.  Dean removed Castiel’s boxer briefs and did the same with his own underwear.  They kissed hungrily.
This was always Dean’s favorite part when he attended premieres and events; the warmth that his fans always gave him.
Castiel stopped blowing at the scolding coffee.  “I’ve been through a lot of stuff in my life, which has somewhat made it difficult for me to say those simple three words to anyone.”
He breathed deeply as his gaze landed on a slumbering form by one of the corners.   Castiel scurried over to an unconscious Dean.  Since his hands were tied he was unable to feel the other man’s pulse.  He knelt adjacent to him and tilted his head to the side in order to verify Dean was breathing.  “Thank  God” he whispered.
Four hours later, they sat at a long corner table at an Izakaya restaurant.  The film’s director, several studio executives and main cast were there with some of their significant others celebrating the premiere’s success.  They all drank sake and consumed a plethora of sushi rolls with steamed vegetables and fried rice.  One of the waitresses, a sultry beauty, who reminded Dean of one of his favorite pinups from Busty Asian Beauties, kept grazing her bountiful breasts by his shoulders.  She continued to stop by every ten minutes to their table and asked the handsome actor if there was anything he needed.
When Dean was showering all he could think of was what his bodyguard and the other thespian were doing in the shower.  He knew it wasn’t any of his damn business but couldn’t stop himself from imagining all sort of decadent acts the two men could be doing.  Dean took a quick hot shower.  After he dried and clothed himself, Dean headed to the living room.  He was disappointed to see Castiel had not returned yet.
“I’m not so sure about that.  That is so not up my alley.  Wouldn’t I be selling out quickly if I agree?”
Castiel gazed dreamily at the man for a few seconds.  Sam and Gabe laughed.  Dean turned his gaze to a kid, who was about half a block’s distance from them flying a red and blue kite.  The remainder of the picnic was torture for Dean.  Sam and Gabe would feed each other incessantly.
“He is being prepared as we speak.”  The nurse told them she would come and see them as soon as Castiel was placed into the IC unit after surgery.
Castiel sat facing the terrace.  He could see the back of Dean’s blond head as the man fidgeted outside.  Cas knew his employer was livid.  When they first kissed in the airplane,
“That’s what I am here for.”  All of a sudden, there was a knock on the door.   Dean rose rapidly from the dining room table.   “That’s for me.”  He smirked.
Castiel decided to break the silence.  “I want to apologize for my behavior this afternoon.  You need to know my priority is to keep you safe.”
Castiel fought the urge to roll his eyes. “Hopefully, we will find out soon.  I will see if I can find out where this cartridge was manufactured and bought at.”
Cas moaned into the kiss as both of their hands stroked his engorged cock.  He released himself and allowed Dean to remain jerking him off.  His right hand immediately wrapped itself around Dean’s swollen phallus and began pumping it.  Their intertwined tongues mimicked the thrusts of their throbbing dicks.  In no time the two men came at the same exact time.  Dean bit Castiel’s shoulder.   Their erratic breathing calmed down as they stood underneath the shower head.  They washed the jizz from each other with shower gel.
One police car escorted Adam to the precinct and the other drove the other two men to Dean’s house.  Upon getting there, Sam and Cas saw several police cars and an ambulance parked outside.  Castiel ran out of the car and froze upon seeing Dean’s injuries in the light.  A paramedic was tending to the gash on his face.  Dean removed himself from the EMT and hugged Castiel.  “Baby, thank God you are alright.”
Last year as Dean’s agent, Pamela was in the yearly process of renewing her client’s contract with the show, Jerry Bruckheimer approached them with the script to Bang You Are Dead.  The movie was supposed to be this year’s hottest ticket at the box office.  Pam and Gabe told him that if he did not take the offer he was insane.
“I knew in middle school during a game of spin the bottle.  When it was my turn it landed on Aaron Summers.  At first he was adamant in kissing a guy but he had to follow the rules.  We went inside a closet and let me tell you, we literally came out of the closet afterwards. For three years we became an item.”  Gabe smiled as he remembered his first boyfriend.
“Before the two of you get into a cockfight; let’s head on out.”  Gabriel stated before something started.  With Dean Winchester one never knew.
Gabriel ran out of the small office he used and into the terrace, where Sam and Dean were drinking Coronas.  “Dean, you are not going to believe this!  Pamela just called to inform us that you have been offered a lucrative deal with Lancôme to be the spokes model for Hypnose Homme.  Clive Owen’s contract is up with them and they want a fresh face. ”
“No problem, my friend.   Here is a glass of water and two aspirins for the Mrs.  Have him take this as soon as he wakes up.”
“Please God let him be alright.  If something happens to him, I will never be able to live with myself.  This is my entire fault.”
Gabe and Sam sat in the backseat enjoying the scenery.  The tree leaves were golden brown since it was late autumn.  Castiel was an excellent tour guide as he drove into Sycamore.  Dean had no idea small Norman Rockwell towns still existed in the 21st century.  He loved that Cas came from such a quaint and picturesque place.
As the two of them consumed the fresh salad which was comprised of honeydew melon, kiwi, strawberries and golden apples, Gabriel finally spoke.  “Dean told me the reason for his Paris Hilton tantrum.  I know you lied to him.”
“I promise, dude.”  Castiel remained standing outside the bathroom.  Dean would not know he was out there anyways.
The female form stirred a little but remained unconscious.  Dean glared at his psycho sibling.  “Leave her out of this man. Your illogical beef is with me and no one else.”
“How convenient you moved across the hall from us.  Now if you need a midnight booty call; you are a few feet away from Castiel’s room.”
The suite’s phone rang at eleven am, which was part of the hotel’s wake up service.  Dean mumbled incoherently as he pulled on boxer briefs.  He still sported morning wood and his hands, lower abdomen and thighs were sticky.  He had another sex dream with Cas and this time the man did more than pleasure him orally.  Dean cursed at Gabriel for planting the seed in his mind.
The actor kissed him chastely.  Castiel rolled the Trojan on Dean’s hard on.  He handed the KY Jelly to the blond man, who put some in his hand.  Cas kissed and bit the actor’s neck as Dean inserted two lubed fingers into his entrance.  Dean felt awkward since he had never been intimate with a man before.
Twenty minutes later the five men stood outside their suites’ hallway.  “We all are in desperate need of a warm shower and change of clothes.  What are we going to do with the bathroom situation?”  Gabe asked.
Dean kissed him chastely on the lips.  “Thanks for telling me.”  Cas wrapped his arms around Dean as the two of them settled to go to sleep.  Dean was starting to understand why Castiel was afraid of getting emotionally attached to someone and telling them he loved them.
Bela turned to face the actor.  “Is this drunkard saying the truth?  Are the two of you married?”  She asked the last part with unveiled disgust.
Gabriel cut in.  “Dude, when we watched Bullitt you practically had wood throughout the film.  I don’t know if Steve McQueen or the car gave you the hard on.”
Water cascaded down the marble tub onto the floor due to Sam’s impressive height.  The two maneuvered themselves into a somewhat comfortable position.  Sam reclined against the tub and Gabriel sat in between his thighs.  Samuel enveloped one of his gigantic hands around Gabriel’s phallus.  He kissed his lover’s neck as he jerked him off.  After he brought Gabe to climax, Samuel whispered in his ear, “I love you, Gabriel.”
Dean felt all the restaurant patron’s eyes on them.  He nervously swallowed before answering.  “Yes, we are married.”
“I know I am the center of a twisted love triangle.  I guess I have to learn how to share,” the dark haired man added with a dramatic sigh.  His eyes scanned the entire perimeter.
He covered his forest green eyes with shades since the sunlight was not helping his hangover headache.  Dean did not wait for the wannabe Kevin Costner and jogged past him.  Castiel rolled his cerulean orbs beneath aviator glasses.  He joined his client at a leisurely pace.
Several elevators and escalators had been shot down to conserve power.  The three of them did not mind and took regular stairs since they only carried a carry-on bag each.   A taxi cab that worked exclusively with Hotel Okura, which was where they were staying was already waiting for them.
“Adam must have discovered this information a while back.  Perhaps that is why he started distancing himself from the family.  He probably found our birth certificates and kept the news to himself.”
The drunken actor pointed a wobbly finger at Pam and Gabe.  “You two are delusional.  Nobody is trying to kill me.  The idiot driver was most likely drunk or high as a fucking kite.  That’s it!”
The non-stop flight to Tokyo via Singapore Airlines II had an eleven hours and forty five minutes duration time.  Dean suggested for Gabe to sit in between him and Castiel for the tedious flight.  Dean drank a couple of gin tonics and felt mellow as hell during most of the trip.  Although the make-out session he and Castiel shared during their last flight home kept replaying in his mind.  Fortunately, the sexy Japanese stewardess handed him a blanket.   She had obviously seen the tent that had formed in his dark jeans.  Dean grinned and thanked her.  “Damn you, Cas!  Why do you have to be so fucking hot?!”  The actor thought to himself.
“That is half of the reason why I loathe you with all of my being.  I also plan on ending up with all of your money.”
He dried his dark hair first. Then as he was in the middle of drying his back, the door was unceremoniously opened by a startled Dean.  His eyes bugged out reminding Cas of green lollipops.   “What the fuck!  Have you ever heard of the concept of knocking?!”  A started Castiel yelled as he wrapped the towel around his lean hips.
“Sure, I’ll be in the kitchen if you need me.  Please keep in mind; you can’t remain pissed at Cas for long.  The guy is your bodyguard and the two of you are stuck with each other for the long run.”   Dean rolled his eyes.
The director’s wife started singing “Total Eclipse of the Heart”.  She was off key but the two champagne glasses she had imbibed must have given her courage.  Castiel noticed the waitress, whose name was Yuriko approach Dean.  She whispered something in his ear and giggled.  Dean smirked.  He excused himself from the room following the waitress.
A waiter entered the private room and Pam ordered spicy condom salad for everyone as well as special fried rice and chicken lo mein.  Everyone sat around the nude model, who still had several rolls strategically placed over her nipples and belly button.   A hardly visible thong barely covered her private area.
He scurried down like a spider monkey and handed the kite to the small boy, who had joined them.  “Merci, monsieur.”
Two minutes later, a groggy Cas, who only donned a pair of white boxer briefs, opened the door.  The guy had major bed hair and three love bites adorned his neck area.  “The shit has hit the fan!”
“Sorry, laddie but I have to return to Edinburgh as soon as possible.  I can’t leave the shop unattended.”
Gabe embraced him. “No, thank God.  Oh Dean, if something would have happened to you, I don’t know what I would have done.”  The short assistant started crying.  Sam handed him a tissue and placed him on his lap.
Adam was at a crossroads.  He couldn’t afford to stop aiming the weapon against the bodyguard but he needed to until Dean.  His eyes landed on Castiel.  “I will have my trusting rifle pointing at you while I untie him.  And you, baby brother…try something funny and I’ll blow his brains out.”
By this time, Morning Star had lied down on the hay covered ground.  Another foot appeared.  “Cas, make sure the feet point downward; I don’t want any complications to arise.”  The dark haired man followed Jo’s instructions.
Sam reluctantly placed Gabriel on the ground.  The Sasquatch pouted.  Gabe held his hand as they entered the waiting taxi.  Luckily, another taxi came and the other three men hopped on that one.  Samuel’s 6’ 4 frame took a lot of space within the cab.
“I am pretty awesome.”  Dean wiggled his eyebrows and shoved Cas gently against the wall.  He licked Castiel’s neck pulse point slowly.  The bodyguard almost came, when he felt Dean’s hot and humid breath against his instantly flushed skin.  All of a sudden, his cell phone vibrated signaling a text message had come in.  He moaned for Dean to give him a second.
His charge turned to him with his arm still wrapped around the chick’s waist.  “Trixie, this is Cas, my cousin.  He is staying over for a while.  He is unemployed and had nowhere to stay.  So I being the humanitarian I am invited him over until he lands on his two feet again.  Cas, this is my friend, Trixie, who I met at Champion Billiards.  She actually conned me out of four hundred dollars the fateful night we met.  We’ve been friends with benefits since then.”
Once they entered the Venetian style suite, Dean instructed the gargantuan Scotsman to deposit Castiel in his bedroom.  The actor gingerly removed Cas’ trench coat.  “I am going to tell Gabe to incinerate this ugly coat.”   He tossed it on the shiny mosaic tiles.
“Shut up and listen, dumb ass.  Dean’s career is just taking off.   Can’t you see how much you mean to him if he is willing to embark on a relationship with you?  The shit will hit the fan once news breaks that he plays for the other team.  People are more open minded now a days but still there are those narrow minded idiots, who will not take the news with a grain of salt.  Some of his fans will probably boycott his films now.”
She washed her hands and rinsed her mouth with water.  The girl stepped aside.  Castiel performed the same ritual and Dean followed.  Then the geisha opened the door to a tea ceremony room.  She still did not show her face as she pointed at their feet.
Two hours later, Dean and Castiel sat in the tail end section of a Boeing 787.  The flight was mostly empty.  Gabe sat in the row in front of them.  He was snoring away.  Cas sat on the aisle seat and Dean by the window.   The bodyguard had instructed the flight attendants not to disturb them during the long flight.
Crowley smirked and walked over to his tall nephew.  He patted his cheek playfully.  “You know I would do anything for you, Sammy boy.  You have always been like the son I never had.”
“You are more delusional than I gave you credit for if you think I am going to do you any favors, Whack a Doodle!”
Gabriel showed Cas where the linen closet was and which bathroom he could use.  Afterwards, he left the bodyguard to finish settling in.  Castiel liked the assistant.  His shoulders were tense and he smelled of cigarettes and sake.  Cas removed his clothing and placed it in a neat pile by his full size bed.  He remained in his boxer briefs and fetched a navy towel from the linen closet.  The bathroom was situated adjacent to Dean’s room.  He made sure the light was off but knocked to be safe.  When he heard no response, Cas entered the bathroom.  He took a much needed warm shower; reveling as the water soothed his tense shoulders and upper back.  Once he was satisfied Castiel stepped out of the shower stall.
“Yeah, he covered me before the SUV exploded.”   Dean observed as two young Italian men wheeled Castiel inside the ambulance.  He had to be laid face down on a gurney.   The smell of smoke and burned plastic was making Dean gag.  “I need to go with him,” he informed one of the paramedics.   The young man nodded and gestured for him to enter.
The actor asked how much.  “Your contract will be for four years and you will be paid a total of eight million dollars!”
“I think I am going to be sick,” Dean muttered as he ran searching for the nearest bathroom.  Gabriel was with him as he vomited the breakfast he had earlier that morning.  His assistant helped him get up and offered him a piece of paper to wipe his mouth.
Castiel’s eyes widened.  “The way your eyes are constantly on him it is pretty damn obvious, mate.  I know you are his bodyguard but the way you look at him is like someone who is falling in love.”
The boys observed Gabriel ritually clean a tea bowl, whisk and tea scoop.  He went on to place the items precisely in a particular order on the small bench.   As the ceremony hostess, Gabriel placed a measured amount of green tea powder in the ceramic bowl.  Then he poured hot water, as well to whisk the tea.
Singer shook hands with both men and nodded at Pam, as several officers swarmed inside the dilapidated dwelling.  “Good job, son.  I knew you would apprehend the perp.”  The bodyguard blushed.  “There is an ambulance waiting for you.  I want to make sure none of you suffered any serious injuries during your captivity.”
Castiel kissed him hard on the lips.  “As long as this is what you want, then I am happy with your decision.”  Dean nodded.  Castiel embraced him as the fireworks started to die down.  He closed his eyes as he listened to Dean’s steady heartbeat.
Dean stood adjacent to him.  “Why don’t you show me a couple of self-defense moves?  It would be a great way for the two of us to unwind.”
Dean shook Castiel once more.   The bodyguard remained immobile.  Dean started to panic even more.  All of a sudden, he heard Gabriel’s panic stricken voice.  “Oh my God!”
Cas’ mouth attacked Max’s.  The two of them kissed passionately as they jerked each other off.  Cas kissed the actor’s jaw and bit it hard.  Fassbinder was the first one to be brought to orgasm.  The bodyguard felt guilty as hell because he thought of Dean during the entire time he was in the shower with Max. The water washed away their jizz from each others’ bodies. They took turns lathering each other with gel again.  They were already turning into prunes.  A couple of minutes later, they exited the shower stall and entered Max’s bedroom.  The actor gave Castiel a pair of sweat pants and an old t-shirt to wear.
“Does that mean you like it?  I even got Dean to help me paint the sky since he did not want me to fall from the ladder.”
Meanwhile, Gabriel poured a generous amount of tequila into Dean’s shot glass.  He handed his boss a lemon wedge and the salt shaker.  As Dean licked the salt from one of his wrists, guzzled the shot and sucked the slice of lemon; Gabe sat across from him.
The second week of November, the trio arrived in Milan for Dean’s first and commercial shoots for the men’s fragrance.  They went to a warehouse where the photo shoot and majority of the commercial would be filmed at.
She winked at the two of them, as they headed out.  The duo settled in Castiel’s former room, which remained exactly the same as he had left it.  The walls were covered with sky blue wallpaper and the four poster bed had a navy quilt over it.  The room was simple.  It had Castiel written all over it.  Dean opened the closet in order to place their carry-on bags inside.  He started cracking up, when he saw a Van Damme poster hanging on the door.
“You truly are insane for blaming an innocent person for what your biological parents did, when they were barely teenagers.  Instead of thanking God for having your adoptive parents take you into their family, you are tarnishing their memory by doing all these deranged things.”  Castiel said.  In a couple of minutes, he would be free from the ropes.
No one had given much thought to the Belgian chocolate since they claimed Crowley expired due to the large amount of theobromine found in the dark chocolate.   If ingested in large quantities by a small dog it was supposed to be dangerous to the animal’s health.
“That’s bullshit!  I mean all of this does not make a lick of sense.  Who cares if the two of you become an item?  I know Deano pretty well and I can imagine how difficult it was for him to initiate something with you.  He abhors chick flick moments.”
They swiftly disentangled themselves.  Dean drank from a bottle of water and Castiel opened a travel magazine.  Gabe stared at them suspiciously.  He smirked.  “These two are trying too hard to be slick but it is evident by their messy hair and red and swollen lips they were having sexy time.”
“By all means Mrs. Novak.  My cornbread stuffing is the cat’s pajamas.  Also, my green bean casserole will make everyone drool.”
Castiel remained in bed.  Dean observed his lean muscled torso and sexy bed head.  “Don’t you dare leave that bed, mister?” He hopped on the bed and spooned his bodyguard.
Castiel was still fighting his ever growing feelings toward the actor.  He had forgiven Gabriel a few weeks ago for the wedding fiasco.  The infamous wedding scroll was encased in a bamboo frame in Dean’s living room.  The trio had returned to the actor’s house after cameras had been installed inside and outside the home.  Also, a new sophisticated security system had been placed.
“With all due respect sir, I quit.  I did not join the Secret Service to type memos and prepare the morning coffee.”  Castiel slammed the door on his way out.  A picture of J Edgar Hoover fell on the carpet.
Out of nowhere, the movie’s producer, Jerry Bruckheimer and rising star, Max Fassbinder stopped by their table.  Dean greeted both men and asked the duo to join them.  He noticed Cas had remained silent and his eyes had widened since the two men appeared.
The actor pointed to the bedside table.  The bodyguard retrieved two Trojan condoms and a container of KY Jelly.  He started ripping the condom wrapper, when Dean stopped him.  “What’s wrong?  If you are not ready…we can wait.”
“It’s ok, kiddo.  The poor guy’s been through some heavy shit these last couple of months.  By the way this is Castiel Novak and he will be Dean’s bodyguard.”  The men shook hands.  “Castiel, this is Dean’s devoted assistant, Gabriel Jenner.”
Dean turned to look at his psycho brother.  “How the fuck do you expect me to sign it if my hands are tied up?”
“Just as long as you don’t pull a stupid stunt like this; it will be forgotten.  Don’t you go corrupting Gabriel!  He is one of the most decent guys I know.”
Bela pouted with arms crossed.  Her hazel eyes shot daggers at the visibly sloshed man.  “The copious amount of wine you have imbibed in such a short amount of time has obviously assaulted your faculties.”  She inched closer to Dean, who stood now.  One of her French manicured hands trailed down the blond man’s torso.
“With pleasure, Deano; it is offensive to everyone’s eyes.  Plus I know it blocks view of his fantastic ass, which you have grown so fond of.”  Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows suggestively.
Cas instantly noticed his lover’s pale demeanor and sweaty brow.  Dean’s fingernails ground into his own jean clad thighs.  “The Sasquatch and the psycho killer are my siblings?  Please tell me I am in the middle of a never ending nightmare. ”
He was impressed upon parking the Impala in the two story brick house’s huge driveway.  The front door was opened wide by Gabriel and Rachel.  Dean hugged his mother in law, who kissed his stubbled cheek.  “Welcome home, son.”
Dean was livid.  He closed the curtains and jogged up the stairs; stumbling in the process.  The others asked amongst themselves what could have caused his erratic behavior.
Castiel remained silent but was impressed.  So Dean Winchester did have a heart of gold after all.  He remembered the actor led a shitty life having lived in various foster homes as a kid.  This was probably his way of giving back to children, who were going through rough times.  “When do we leave?”
“Please excuse me,” he stated while placing his napkin on the table.  He walked to the family room and closed the door.  “Castiel Novak speaking”
Dean ran a nervous hand through his hair.  Maybe it wasn’t such a great idea to have a teenage boy bring over Castiel’s birthday gift.  Samuel walked towards his newly discovered sibling.  “Come on, Dean.  You do not want to miss the look on Cas’ face, when he opens Gabe’s gift.”
Dean narrowed his forest green eyes at his rascal of an assistant.  “Yeah, I will wrap my hands around your scrawny neck and choke the life out of you, is what I’ll do.”
When Sam had placed Dean on the ground, Castiel administered CPR on him.  “Come on Dean, open your beautiful eyes,” Cas whispered in the man’s ear.  The second time he breathed air into the actor’s mouth, Dean’s eyes slightly opened.
The quartet did not say a word as the paparazzi buzzed around them like starving vultures after a carcass.  They stepped into a taxi and dropped Samuel off at the movie studio, where the Bond movie was being filmed.  Gabriel kissed him hard before they said good-bye once again.  Long distance relationships sucked big fat hairy balls!  Sam said farewell to Dean and Cas and was on his way.
“Just go downstairs and when the ambulance and firefighters get here; tell them where they need to go.”   As Cas turned, Max held his hand.  “Be careful” The bodyguard nodded and entered the small inferno.
Gabe scurried to the sink where he acted as if he was retching.  Castiel laughed heartily.  “He can go for classier women.”
Cas left the traumatized men for a moment.  He returned with two guns and handed one to Dean.  “Remember I taught you how to use a gun?”  Dean nodded.  “In case Adam returns, don’t be afraid to use it.  I am going after him.”  He kissed Dean gently on the mouth.
The following afternoon, the ventilator was removed from Cas.  He was breathing on his own, which was a very good sign.   No infection had set in after the surgery and transfusions.  Later that evening he was transported to his own room.  Dean was allowed to remain with him.  A young red haired nurse rolled a cot in for him.  She blushed after he thanked and hugged her.
Gabe did not want to be rude to Dean’s booty call so he cooked her an omelet, as well.  Ten minutes later, the four of them ate the delicious meal.  Everyone complimented the chef.  They spoke about minute things like the beautiful sunny weather they had been fortunate to have lately and about the recent Wimbledon winner.
He tossed it to Dean.  The actor opened it and his eyes widened in pleasant surprise.  He gulped loudly.  Cas knelt in front of him once more.  “Since we never exchanged bands during our impromptu wedding ceremony I planned on giving you this as a Christmas gift.”
The blond man offered his hand to Castiel, who hesitantly shook it.  “I am going to take a nap,” Dean said.
“Aren’t you a brave little soldier?”  Adam shoved Dean on the floor and kicked his ribs four times in a row.  He became more furious, when his brother remained silent.  He grabbed Dean’s hair and placed the knife on his neck once more.
After most introductions were made, Castiel left Dean for last.  “Anna, I want you to meet my partner…well husband, Dean.”
Castiel bolted on top of a terrified Gabriel.  He wrapped his lean and long fingers around the frantic assistant’s neck.  Gabe’s honey eyes pleaded for Dean’s help.  The actor remained sitting on the straw mat sipping sake as he witnessed his bodyguard turned supposed hubby choke the life out of Gabriel, the busybody.
Castiel turned around to face him.  His eyes were filled with adoration towards his husband.  “Yeah, we do.”
At first Gabe and Cas thought it was adorable how the brothers were  bonding but it was short lived, when Dean proposed a game of Rock-Paper-Scissors to see, who would go drain the dragon first.  Sam won by claiming scissors to Dean’s paper; after that initial game, two dormant monsters were brought to life.  Castiel, who wasn’t much of a drinker, asked the red haired flight attendant if she could bring him and Gabriel a couple of vodka tonics.
The short man grinned at them and gestured for the old man to leave the room.  After the elderly musician exited the tea room, Dean and Castiel thanked Gabriel for the nice gesture.  They stood up.
The trio witnessed the mare standing still yet groaning due to its frequent contractions.  What looked like several gallons of slightly yellow liquid had run down Morning Star’s legs.  Everyone remained silent except for a petite blonde, who Dean surmised was the veterinarian.  She soothed the mare and allowed nature to do its course.  Five minutes later, the amniotic membrane appeared.  Jo motioned Castiel to get closer as the foal’s first hoof made its debut.
Pam had chosen this particular hotel for Dean because of the warmth and comfort feelings its traditional, classic French style provided its guests.  Every time she visited Paris, she would stay there.
Adam howled in pain as he grabbed her throbbing knee.  Castiel apprehended the rifle as soon as Dean’s sibling almost hit the floor.  The excruciating pain and blood oozing from Adam’s nose did not deter the madman from punching Dean in the stomach.  The two men wrestled to the ground.
Dean kissed and nibbled both of Castiel’s thighs.  The other man was already arching his hips upwards.  Dean licked his lips in anticipation.  Then tentatively laved the pre-cum off Cas’ erection.  It actually did not taste as gross as he thought it would. It was somewhat salty.  He licked the head cautiously but the moans being emitted by Cas got his motor running.
To Dean the shaking pavement is probably what an earthquake would feel like.  He had been fortunate all of his life to never live through one.   His ears started ringing as soon as the explosive’s loud blast occurred.   After the ground ceased moving, the frantic actor opened his eyes.  Castiel’s body remained covering his.  Dean could barely listen to a woman, who sat on the sidewalk a couple of feet from him screaming for help.  Blood ran down her face.  That would be an image, which would stay imprinted in his mind for the rest of his life.
“Thanks!”  Castiel seemed like a teenager getting ready for prom.  He scurried to his room to make the call.
Dean actually felt all mushy inside hearing those words. He knew Cas would take a bullet for him.  Damn if he did not feel like Whitney Houston!  Cas continued, “I can never get romantically involved with someone I am protecting.”
He waited for Jerry beside the door.  The orderly must have assumed Adam was in the bathroom, when he entered and did not see him in the chamber.  Adam pounced on him as soon as the man closed the door.  In a heartbeat, he twisted Jerry’s neck.  He exchanged clothes with the dead man and dragged him to the bed, where he covered him with a blanket.
Two hours later the sun had gone down and the moon started to make its first appearance of the early evening.  Jimmy ran into the kitchen.  “It’s starting!  Morning Star is about to give birth!”  All of the kitchen’s habitants followed the teen to the stables.
“Is everything alright in here?  I heard gunshots!”  Samuel bellowed from the living room.  “I called 911!”
Adam knew the uniformed police officer, who had been stationed outside his room, had gone to the bathroom.  The hallway was devoid of any living thing and dark.  Adam smirked malevolently.  The judge in charge of his case had recommended for him to have psychiatric evaluations done by professionals at the hospital.  Once the tests were concluded then he would return to jail, while he waited for his upcoming trial, which would most likely start in a year.
