A sudden thought hit him, and his head shot to the front door, a knot of fear twisting in his stomach.
He started his third round of CPR and winced as he felt a rib give way beneath his hands as he pressed down with terrifying certainty because even though he was screaming on the inside, he was completely calm on the outside. This needed to be done.
“No other injuries?” One could never know with Sherlock.
So, he snatched his glass from Jack’s hand quickly with a distrustful look, muttered “thanks” and finally entered the bar again, leaving this strange, impolite man behind him.
Sherlock just hummed and John scooted back up to the edge of the bed but when he got up there was a weak tug at his arm, and he turned to see Sherlock’s thin wrist encircling his upper arm. He looked up and was met with Sherlock looking at him through heavy-lidded eyes, exhaustion seeping out of every single pore.
Mike hadn’t noticed his lack of attention and just kept on talking, gesturing wildly with his hands in his enthusiasm. John was tense as he tried to focus on his friend, and he was thankful for the other students standing in numbers between him and Scott, creating a sort of safety barrier between them.
Chances were that Sherlock didn’t need to devise a plan anymore because he already had one. Proper genius that he was, one could safely assume he had already thought of some mind-numbingly brilliant exit strategy for them ages ago and was only going over the last few details in his mind.
John scuffled the few steps to the phone unenthusiastically. He wasn’t in the mood to talk to anyone, and he really wished he would be left in peace. But he guessed the privilege of peace wasn’t his anymore. Being sentenced for murder would mean that he wouldn’t get a resemblance of peace for the next ten years or more. Others decided what rights he’d have, which ones he didn’t. He wouldn’t be his own man anymore. Might as well get used to it.
At the moment she was studying him with a slightly amused expression on her face although there was a hint of nervousness and impatience betrayed by the occasional twitch of her lower lip. Sherlock took advantage of the time she took to study him to quickly scan the rest of the room.
She glared at him, obviously annoyed by his defiance, by his unwillingness to feel intimated by her. Then her face broke into another charming smile and she lifted her hand to slowly trace the outline of his lips with her thumb.
John became aware of a hand tapping his shoulder and he turned to see Sarah Sawyer standing behind him, smiling shyly.
“John, h-how am I here? I-I don’t remember going to bed last night…”
As soon as he left the room, his medical instinct kicked in and he quickly went into the bathroom they shared to grab everything he needed from his emergency cupboard. There he had stored quite an impressive stock of general medicine, something he had deemed necessary when one lived together with the famous detective Sherlock Holmes, prone to injuring himself while on a case.
“Uhm….” John was surprised to say the least. “Thanks for understanding.”
His gaze fell on Scott who looked up at the taller man, horror dawning in the grey-blue eyes.
“Alright students. Now I want you to gather at everyone’s tables one after another and have a look at your experiments. Each pair will explain to the others what reactions in their sample they have observed and what their respective scientific explanations for those observations are. Start with the
Sae smile in your sleep, bonnie baby
John took a few more steps, his head tilted to the side as he still tried to pick up any sounds but still, he wasn’t rewarded. He stopped, unsure of what to do. Swallowing hard, he became aware of his heart pounding in his chest. A knot of anxiety twisted in the pit of his stomach and he suddenly didn’t know how to face whatever situation he was stepping into. Somehow, he felt he was at a turning point. Something was about to change soon in his life, and he didn’t know if he was ready for it.
“So that’s what I am to you?” Sherlock gritted out eventually. His chest was heaving in deep, shaky breaths and he closed his eyes momentarily as if he were in pain. “A pitiful virgin, that needs to be coddled? Although I’m a fully grown man?”
He felt himself be turned with the help of the other man’s strong arms.
It was that bloke from before. He didn’t remember his name anymore, but it was that bloke who had cornered him outside the pub.
On a crossroad he made a quick decision and followed the smaller, darker path instead of the brightly lit one. After following that path for a while, he decided to leave the path on instinct and just walk cross-country, through the open meadow. There weren’t as many lamps here, if Sherlock had just been robbed by this guy, maybe he had left him here?
?” Sherlock spit out eventually and Mycroft stared at him for a moment, scrutinizing his face intently as if he searched for something there. Then he nodded slowly, and he followed Sherlock who had stormed off to his bedroom. The door closed behind them and John suddenly found himself alone with the nurse in the room.
“Okay, “he said, hesitating. “Here it is. I think we have to pick the lock.”
“That’s right, “Frederic replied, and he looked at his watch, “you’re right on time. Great.”
They stand, cowed, huddled like cattle
“Well, well, so here we are, “Billy Dickson suddenly said and both brothers stopped rowing. “This is the place. You’re going to tell us now what the police know about us. Or you’re gonna die.”
The thermometer beeped and John deftly pulled it out of Sherlock’s mouth.
The door slammed shut and once again, the apartment was silent.
“I don’t need everyone’s help or anyone else’s, for that matter!” Sherlock bristled.
Iridescent eyes widened ever so slightly and there was a hitch in Sherlock’s breath as John’s words sank in.
“But...it’s one of the most difficult courses in the entire studies of medicine. Why would you choose such a course if you could just do one of the courses from your own faculty that would certainly be less hard?”
“Yes. I’ll look after him now, alright?” John stood up, thus effectively ending their conversation.
There had been a man. And he had dragged him off. Had touched him although Sherlock didn’t want him to.
“You do not know that!” he hissed as he glared at Scott’s head.
“Tea and biscuits?” Lestrade laughed, not unkindly. “How old are you boys, sixty? Let’s go out and have a little drink, you know, like real men.”
One hour later and he was ready to walk up to the receptionist and scream at her if nobody came to inform him about Sherlock’s condition soon. A few people had looked at him as if he were mad and then he remembered his bloody hands. He must look like a total mess and if he didn’t do anything, they would probably call the police. He quickly went into the men’s room and scrubbed his hands under the cold stream of water, rubbing so hard that it hurt. When he was finally clean, he went back out and resumed his pacing.
Suddenly, there was a loud scream, and John and Greg looked at each other in alarm.
“Ah yes, I must have forgotten about it.” Greg appeared rather content, a cautious smile tugging at the corner of his lips, and John wondered what that was all about. He was still shocked that he had been about to kiss Sherlock Holmes and even more shocked that they had been interrupted. By Greg and Mycroft, of all things.
“Yeah, I do. I swear it worked like a charm, every single time. Don’t mind the lyrics, they’re kind of sad. It’s not even a real lullaby, but my grandmother sang it to my mother when she was a child and my mother sang it to me. The melody’s beautiful, even if the song itself is sad. Come on.”
Nevertheless, he took John’s hands softly into his and removed them from his shoulders. At his friend’s inquiring look he took another quick breath, his mind still fuzzy. “John, please tell me what exactly happened. I …. I remember there was a man …. He took me away from the pub … I’m not quite sure where …. And then I remember …. Him touching me …. Can you ….” He closed his eyes as the words refused to leave his mouth. He struggled to gather up his will and finally forced out: “Can you please tell me if he raped me? I don’t remember.”
John was a little nervous now.  “What is this, Greg?” he asked, trying not to sound too upset. “Is this really necessary? I thought I was only supposed to answer a few questions.”
“You look exhausted, “he said quietly, and Sherlock’s eyes flitted to the floor. “How do you feel?”
He guessed if he ever got out of here, he wouldn’t stay long in Baker Street. Apparently, Sherlock was sick of him and was going to kick him out any time he would return. There was nothing he could do about it so he might as well get used to the idea of it. Of moving somewhere else, into another flat. Without Sherlock.
He gently lifted Sherlock’s legs and pulled the wool blanket from his legs. He drew in a sharp breath when he saw the scratch marks on Sherlock’s hips he hadn’t seen before. Ignoring his once-again swelling anger he made quick work of putting the pants onto his sleeping friend, followed by the shirt. Sherlock was a dead weight in his arms and his head lolled to the side with every movement.
“Same!” shouted John and he looked at Sherlock in search for confirmation.
Sherlock shifted nearer and John’s heart pounded in his throat. He closed his eyes as Sherlock closed his. He felt hot breath against his mouth and then the descent of warm, plush lips against his.
His first thought when he had seen the Alpha enter the lecture hall on their first day of ‘Advanced Toxicology’ had been how handsome and confident the man looked. The broad shoulders, the soft-looking dark blonde hair, the lazy smile curling around his lips. He had been irritated with himself, because what did it matter how anyone looked? He never noticed when somebody supposedly looked ‘handsome’, so what was different now?
It couldn’t end here, not like this.
“I’ve got you, love, “he whispered almost inaudibly into the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder and tears welled up in his eyes as Sherlock raised his head to look at him with weary eyes, something of a surprise in them and maybe something else, John couldn’t tell.
She looked at him expectantly and he thought of lying to her, but he knew his face had betrayed him because suddenly she laughed out loud. “I was right then. That’s good to know.”
“Okay.” Greg was satisfied. “Now I only need your signature here.” He shoved the form over to Sherlock together with a pen. Sherlock hesitated only for a second then he quickly grabbed the pen and signed the paper. “Alright, am I done now?”
“Sherlock?” he called out hesitantly.
“Am I interrupting something?” It was Mycroft, umbrella in his hand, looking impeccable as ever in a three-piece beige suit, eyebrows raised at the spectacle in front of him.
“Which form of mercury was the predominant cause of Minamata Bay disease?” he suddenly asked, pointing at a lad with red curls, sitting in the middle. “Yes, you, I mean you, “he said sharply when the boy paled, pointing at himself in question.
“Alright, I’m done now, Mr. Holmes, “she said, “You can get dressed again.” Sherlock at once grabbed his clothes and hurried to put them on.
“You mean…?” Greg asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at that, the irritation within him growing stronger by the second.
Sherlock’s head snapped towards him. “What, you want to tell me what to do, too?” Greg just raised his hands defensively and shook his head, appalled at the sudden rage directed at him.
“Calm down, Sherlock, please, “John implored as he held him at an arm’s length, intent on keeping eye contact.
“Scott.” John sighed and wearily rubbed his temple. He already sensed where this conversation was going.
At this moment Sherlock shook his head from side to side, a low whine escaping his sore throat. “J-Joooohn…”
He was shocked at his own reflection. He looked wrecked. His hair lay dull around his face. There were deep shadows under his eyes, and he was pale, even paler than usual. There was a distinctive bruise on his right cheek, his lip was split. He looked simply pathetic, so he quickly averted his gaze.
This night John had truly enjoyed letting go a little with Sherlock and Greg. Eating, drinking, laughing together. The simple joys of being with friends, sharing a nice evening together. They really should be doing this more often because it was totally fun. Even Sherlock had seemed to relax a little and on top of it, he had apparently gotten a little drunk as well. This was very unusual though.
A few minutes later and they were laying Sherlock gently on a stretcher, carrying him to the ambulance car. John held his hand the whole time, his best friend was still in the grip of the drugs, lashing out feebly at the unwanted hands touching his body.
John watched as Sherlock deduced the scene in front of him until there was nothing more to deduce. He was glad he had come here with him, it was obvious that this was the best thing to keep Sherlock from the horrible incident from two days before. But just as Sherlock was jumping up, declaring he had to go to the victim’s house and take a look at his stuff, John laid a hand on his chest to get his attention.
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, postmodern English heroes, solving crimes, saving lives...
His heart stuttered in his chest as he thought it could be possible that Sherlock would still reject him, even if he had seemed inclined to kiss John as well. It was possible that he had only been confused by John’s emotions, that he had been on the verge of pushing John away, exclaiming his undying un-love for John.
John swallowed a lump down his throat as he tried to keep his face relaxed. “Yes, but it doesn’t mean you have to do everything at once. Everyone has his own pace, Sherlock, and we can take it slow. No pressure, love, alright? You decide whatever you want to do.”
“But it’s Sherlock, Dr. Watson, “Mycroft cut in sharply. “You better than anyone else – except for me of course – must know how he is. Must know why he said those things.”
He looked up at John who was shocked to see tears glimmering in those wide pale eyes – they were sea green now, and there was fear in them, fear of what John was going to say to him now.
He was still feeling nauseous and that was simply ridiculous.
Everyone was staring at Magnussen with disbelief and he chuckled as he tilted his head and body to the side, stroking his beard seemingly pensively.
“Order, please. Order.” Magnussen clapped into his hands as he once again let his eyes roam around the room and everyone quieted down again quickly.
Dreams o peace an o freedom
“Alright. Doesn’t seem to me as if we’re getting somewhere.”
They were just about to retake their places at their own table when a sudden loud crash made them all turn in their tracks.
“Yes? Just tell me, love, please?” He stroked the soft skin along the line of Sherlock’s face, his heart beating in his throat as his eyes rapidly darted over Sherlock’s trembling form, looking for injuries or indication that he was hurt and when he didn’t find any, trying to figure out what could be affecting Sherlock’s mental state instead.
A fresh wave of despair washed over him as he entered the stairway which led to the upper main floor. He was just considering if he could muster up the strength to climb the stairs when he discovered that a new room had appeared just at the end of the ‘John’ corridor. It hadn’t been there when he had entered the corridor earlier, so it must have appeared while he had been there, looking at the files stored here. Which meant that his mind had deduced something subconsciously he wasn’t aware of yet.
“I just wanted to point out, “the familiar baritone said pointedly, “that even though Omegas may seem to have a lower tolerance towards toxicants in general, there are certain specific toxicants they are more immune to, ones which Alphas in specific are weaker too. Alpha physiology is especially weak to carbon tetrachloride, methyl acrylate, and even mercury, for instance. Those are substances to which an Omega’s physiology is much more resilient, due to the additional alarm pheromones only existent in Omegas. So I think it’s a little too easy to say that Omegas are inferior in regards to their anatomy when these facts do exist and need to be taken into consideration as well.”
“Sherlock. I understand, I do, but you have to calm down. Destroying the equipment here is not gonna get you out of here faster. In fact, they might sue you and then you’d have to fill out all sorts of forms so you would have to stay here even longer.” He smiled and hoped his weak attempt of a joke achieved to make Sherlock smile, too but Sherlock just stared at him, befuddled, distressed. His arms were ensnared in a mess of cables and electrodes and he hectically tried to free himself, only managing to entangle himself more but refusing to let John help him.
He smiled politely. “Thanks, Mrs. Hudson, I’m quite alright. What are you doing here?”
The more he listened to the lecture, the more he managed to focus on today’s topic and when Magnussen eventually turned towards them, asking first Mike, then John a quick question on the most distinguishable characteristics of strychnine and thallium, both of them could answer him without difficulty, earning them a cold smile from their professor before he continued questioning students.
John couldn’t help but notice the gaunt lines on Sherlock’s face, his prominent cheekbones protruding even more than usual, the grey tone of his skin. He didn’t look very well.
“I was on the verge of going without you, “Mike said in a reprimanding tone as he took his place at John’s side, quickly adjusting to his swift pace as he handed him a steaming paper cup of coffee. “Class is starting in five minutes.”
“Oh.”
John sincerely hoped that was the case, otherwise, they would be in serious trouble.
On the other hand, he was hardly to blame, was he? He shook his head almost indiscernibly, as he stepped out of the shower and quickly toweled himself dry, wrapping the towel around his hips perfunctorily.
“What do you mean?”
He could see his friend out of the corner of his eye sitting upright in his bed cross-legged and cross-armed, pouting at John’s words.
“Okay, and yogurt, to get some proteins into you, “John said quickly before Sherlock could change his mind again.
Our men once sae fearless in battle?
“She was about to kill Sherlock! Greg here can attest to that!” John was flailing his arms around helplessly, completely unable to comprehend what was happening.
Sherlock closed his eyes in frustration. Where did this come from now? He was usually so focussed, so good at his job. Why was he obsessing over some stupid argument he had had with his best friend? John hadn’t really meant it, he had apologized, and that had been fine. Everything was good between them so why was he stressing out about it now? Why was he unable to bar the pitiful look John had given him yesterday from his mind? Why had he been unable to fall asleep yesterday until at least 3 in the morning brooding over the things John had said? He had been angry at first. Then sad. Then angry again for being sad. Stupid, stupid human emotions, they were just so tedious.
“I don’t know. Soon I think.” John hoped. He was concerned and although he wanted his friend to get his rest and sleep off the drug’s effects, he wanted his talking, vivid Sherlock back. The restless, fast-talking, annoying Sherlock he knew and well, had gotten used to. He had accepted Sherlock’s difficult personality a long time ago and had to admit that he had grown to appreciate it. It was annoying, yes, but it was funny too. It was hilarious to observe how Sherlock reduced almost every client into a stuttering, embarrassed mess after he had deducted everything important - and unimportant - there was to know about them.
John nodded. Mycroft nodded too and then he was gone.
“What’s the mechanism of neurotoxicity for strychnine?”
Sherlock looked up in surprise and saw another man approaching him slowly. He was tall and burly, with a dark beard and long blond hair reaching his shoulders.
John bit his lip nervously and shoved some people aside to finally reach the pub’s exit. He looked around but he couldn’t see his friend. He then made his way to the side and down the stairs where he knew the restroom was. The men’s room was completely empty, he checked every stall. They then proceeded to (very quickly) check the women’s restroom – with Sherlock, you never knew. But it was empty too apart from one girl refreshing her lipstick in front of the mirror. At her indignant look at the two men, he apologized quickly and asked if she had seen a tall, lanky man with curly brown hair and high cheekbones. Unfortunately, she hadn’t.
For now, I have written two short stories which I'll probably be posting in the course of the next couple of weeks. One is Johnlock and one will be focussing on Mycroft and Sherlock's relationship for a change. Basically, I encourage anyone with a weakness for hurt, vulnerable Sherlock to subscribe to me because I'm going to keep writing him, and Johnlock, too ❤️
“Come on, let’s get outta here and have some fun, “the man pulling him away from John said.
“John! Don’t!” A hand closed around his and tugged. John stopped in his motions though the anger was still pulsing through his veins in a way that was nearly frightening but also strangely elevating.
Terror washed over him then like a tidal wave and he almost let out a sob. Suddenly aware of where he was, he caught himself at the last second and managed to stop the sound from escaping his throat, his hand flying to his mouth instinctively.
The other Alpha, as tall as Scott, but stockier, closed in on the Beta from the other side, sliding his arm up the wall close to his face. “Huh. He’s really pretty from up close. Don’t you think he’s pretty, Victor?”
“You’re not worth it, Williams.”
“Sherlock….” John’s voice broke and he looked down at his hands, trembling. He looked back up and saw a gleam in Sherlock‘s eyes.
His chest filled up with a sort of fondness that nearly overwhelmed him. His finger lingered over Sherlock’s sharp cheekbone for another moment, as he tried to regain his composure.
But then Jack made another small step, closing what little space had still been there between them. He pressed against Sherlock, pressed him against the wall. He towered over him for he was considerably taller than him (
They were glaring at each other and there was a strange prickling vibe in the air between them, making John feel oddly hot and uncomfortable in his slacks.
Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically. “Of course, you idiot.” The corners of his lips twitched upwards, just a tiny bit and there was the old him back again for a moment, the condescending, arrogant bastard he used to be. They grinned at each other, relieved at the reprieve from the taxing conversation.
He knew it and still, he felt a pang of deep regret. There was this feeling deep inside him, as if there was something deeply gone wrong, something that he had to make right, but he had absolutely no idea how.
Mike agreed to join him although it was only eleven o’clock. Greg stayed, hoping to get his hands on the Alpha from before, promising to tell John if he had succeeded the next day.
“What’s going on here?”
“Wakey, wakey, Mr. Holmes. I think we need to talk.”
He made his way over there to see Sherlock half-sitting, half-lying on his bed. His back was leaning against the bedhead, his head fallen back behind his shoulders, his eyes closed and his right arm thrown over his face. He looked completely exhausted and John suspected he would fall asleep soon if he didn’t say anything.
On the other hand, if he never said anything, things would stay blurry and unaddressed between them and he wasn’t sure he could stomach that. Besides, he sensed that John was on the verge of addressing the tension between them, too, so he was not the only one noticing things. Of course, a lot had happened these past few days. Sherlock’s abuse at the hands of not one but two different perpetrators could very well be the reason behind John’s need to talk and Sherlock had no way of knowing if there was maybe something else John wanted to address. Something that involved him and Sherlock having romantic feelings for each other.
“I do, “John said firmly, emphasizing his statement with an honest smile and a nod.
“Sentiment is a chemical defect found in the losing side, “Mycroft had told him as he had applied some antiseptic cream to a cut on his cheek and offered him a glass of water along with some paracetamol. Sherlock had believed him then, had hardened himself and decided not to ever let that happen again. Be used like that. Lose control over his emotions and thus make himself a target.
“I see, “Mycroft said, and John noticed a flash in his eyes as if he was annoyed but he might have imagined that. “How badly is he injured?”
“Y-yes, of course, “he said quickly. “It’s just a little strange … to be able to be here right now, you know?”
“I see it’s bad already, “Mycroft continued in the same irritating manner. “I understand. I heard what he said to you and from your point of view, I can imagine it must have been harrowing to hear him say those words to you. They must have hurt.”
“Because …” John gathered all his courage. “You don’t like hospitals and you had just been released from Barts. You were scared and angry, frustrated afterwards. I didn’t want you forced into yet another situation like that against your will. I wanted you to feel safe...at home.”
“You’re Scott Williams, right?” John asked, his tone light as he brazenly ignored the kid’s unconcealed hostility.
John ignored it and grinned. “Yes, fate, apparently, “he said and chuckled.
The police officers were just handcuffing the guy against his car when John realized Sherlock hadn’t returned from Mrs. Hudson’s. He looked at his watch, as he seemed to have lost all sense of time and was shocked to see twenty minutes had already passed since Sherlock left.
“Oh God, John, “she whispered, “what happened? What did they do to him?”
“Yeah, it’s me, you daft git, “he murmured as he scooted nearer to Sherlock and pulled him into a tight embrace. “Calm down, it’s just me.” Sherlock trembled against him and he closed his eyes again. They lay there for a considerate amount of time, in which they both seemed comfortable drawing comfort from being near each other.
“Okay. I understand.” Greg nodded. “Well, we’re lucky then that Sherlock has a powerful brother with a minor position in the British government then, right?” and he chuckled, trying to lighten the mood somewhat.
The line clicked and Mycroft was gone, leaving John staring at the phone in his hands the second time this day.
Three pictures appeared on the wall and a collective gasp went through the lecture hall. John studied the pictures with fascination, his mind already rapidly sorting out the differences between the images depicted.
He sat there for a good five minutes, just looking and John was not able to decipher any emotions or thoughts from his face or body. It was like looking at a painting, there was simply no movement although John guessed there were suppressed emotions hidden in that man somewhere.
But those past few days, John had expressed his anger openly many times, uncharacteristically so.
Therefore, it had been incredibly relieving for him to get an explanation for John’s behaviour. John hadn’t been angry, well, he had but most of all, he had been worried about him. Worried out of his mind, in fact, and Sherlock almost couldn’t believe that someone could possibly harbour such strong feelings for him. Because of him.
I hope you liked the chapter, please let me know.
“Let me.” Greg gently shoved him aside and made quick work of the lock with a paper clip from his jacket.
“What do people normally say?” John asked curiously.
Um, hi, to anyone still reading this - I'm back. I am so sorry for the late update. I just found myself in a place where I simply could not write. I always wanted to, but sadly, I couldn't. Recently, I've re-discovered my writing energy and I am so happy that I did.
“I  don’t have to explain myself to you” Scott retorted. “It’s just what it is. Can your stupid Alpha brain accept that? Do you understand what I’m saying, or do I have to put it into even simpler words?”
“Excuse me?”
Now that he knew how he felt about him, he could barely refrain from looking at him all the time. His eyes flicked over to Sherlock before he knew what he was doing, and he felt sudden heat rise within the pit of his stomach as he took in the bedazzled frown on the other man’s face, his long eyelashes fluttering as he blinked, his alabaster skin looking even paler than usual.
“You told Mrs. Hudson everything about the drug and how you found out about it being in the fog and all, but you failed to inform her about your mistake.”
“You’re hangover, which is very obvious from the dark shadows under your eyes, the way you lick your lips at least once every two minutes, suggesting a dry mouth, in turn suggesting slight dehydration, and then there’s your general paleness, not matching the rest of your skin tone. Additionally, yesterday’s been the evening before the first classes of this semester, many students take this opportunity to intoxicate themselves. You regret it though because you want to be a good student. How do I know? You’re in Magnussen’s class and you want to stay in his class, it was very obvious. When he began questioning and dismissing the students you got very angry which implies a strong sense of justice. You didn’t elect to leave his class, you want to prove yourself to him. The way you looked at him when he asked you a question demonstrated an unusual above-average level of hostility. Which means you’ve got courage. It also means that you’re reckless, allowing Magnussen to see your antipathy, possibly making yourself a future target to that disgusting vulture. You’re impressed by me embarrassing him in front of the class, which implies vindictiveness, again, a typical Alpha male thing.”
Ben hesitated but he complied. “Well, he was really tall, and burly as if he went to the gym regularly you know. He had a blue cap on, and I think a blue shirt as well, under his jacket. Ah yes, and he had shoulder-length blonde hair and a full beard. He seemed quite nice and really worried about your friend.”
Blood dripped out of her mouth, from her damaged tongue where Sherlock had bitten her. She spat a clot of blood onto the ground, then she glared at him hard, motionless for a minute. He met her gaze defiantly, aware that his body was fully shaking now, as he was apparently going into shock.
At the door, the Inspector turned around again, a thoughtful look on his face. “Do you….?” He started and John looked at him questioningly. Greg cleared his voice. He seemed a little embarrassed and he hummed and hawed a little before he finally spluttered: “Do you think that this was his first time? His first time experiencing …. you know, sexual things?”
Then the pale blue eyes hardened and he looked away. John felt as if he had been slapped in the face and he kept his eyes on the other student, hoping he would look at him again, chiding himself internally for how pathetic he was being. But the young man called Scott Williams didn’t look back at him. He kept his eyes on Professor Magnussen,  diligently taking notes as if nothing uncommon had ever happened.
Was it worth it?
“That’s not true. The Swedish scientist Professor Hilger Arendsen was able to prove that carbon tetrachloride lowers the general ability of Alpha males and females to withstand the toxicants, rendering them susceptible to injury to the liver or the kidneys, to the point where their central nervous system completely breaks down. They could die from prolonged exposure. The Omega test objects, however, were barely affected. Their organs hardly showed any evident symptoms.”
John bit his lip and looked down at Mrs. Hudson’s door.
A particular brutal push of her thumb into the wound made him rear up in pain and this time he couldn’t suppress the choked yell escaping his mouth.
. She had a heart-shaped, fake-tanned face with heavy makeup. Especially the bright red lipstick stood out –
“Yes, I know, “John said with a shaky sigh. He was anxious to get home, to put Sherlock to bed, and get him some much-needed rest.
Hurrying forward, ducking behind two pig pillars respectively, they crouched forward and tried to see.
“My colleague will be there in just a second, John, alright? I’ll see you afterwards.”
“Don't play coy with me, gorgeous, “the man groaned, "bet you're already gagging for it, aren't you?" He buried his face in Sherlock’s neck to suck at the cold skin there. Sherlock flinched violently. His heart was beating so hard in his chest it felt as if it would burst any second. Painfully slow he managed to raise his right hand a little, his intention to push the man away...but the effort was too much, and it fell to his side again uselessly.
Sherlock raised another eyebrow, irritated at how this man named Jack (
“You mean why did I tell Magnussen that it was me who broke the microscope?”
“No, no, darling, come on, “his attacker scolded him sharply, “I’ve waited all night for this.” He viciously grasped Sherlock’s jaw, holding him still. A single tear escaped Sherlock’s eye as the man leaned forward to kiss him on his lips. He processed to greedily suck and nibble at his lips, devouring his mouth as if he wanted to mark his territory. After a few terrifying seconds, his tongue demanded entrance into his mouth but somehow Sherlock still managed to deny him that. Out of nowhere, the man bit him in the lower lip, drawing blood, and Sherlock opened his mouth in shock and pain. He felt something inside him die when the man’s tongue darted forward without mercy to lick inside his mouth. The man growled possessively and suddenly there was a hand on his throat, strangling him.
“Endure your … Sherlock, what in God’s name?” John stopped talking, rendered speechless by the whole matter and Sherlock’s head whipped up, his eyes wide with fresh fear.
“I’m sorry, “he whispered. He let his head drop until it was just over Sherlock’s uninjured shoulder, touching it. “I’m sorry I wasn’t….”
This seemed to indicate that John had actually never been with another man. Somehow, this thought gave Sherlock relief: that John was as inexperienced in this matter as he was. Even if he had a notion of being in a relationship with someone, as well as the mechanics of sexual intercourse, he didn’t have any experience of being with another man, physically as well as otherwise.
Sherlock sat in his bed, no longer looking at the telly, fuming and staring into empty space. John knew it was probably wise not to say anything now. Sherlock needed to calm down and addressing him now would only rile him up further. John gritted his teeth at the troublesome sight of Sherlock sitting there like that, all tense shoulders and taut jawline and he would have liked to pull him into a soft embrace, to tell him that he would be home soon and it was gonna be okay. But he didn’t.
He hated feeling helpless over anything else. It was the worst feeling of all and he had always had a problem dealing with it properly.
He cleared his throat. “So, he was not … raped, correct? Just sexually assaulted?”
The gentle sound of John’s voice pulled him back to the real world.
He wanted to leave because he had nothing to do here. But something told him to stay and he couldn’t leave, however much he wanted to. Somehow, he deduced, his mind provided him with an opportunity he needed to take. He didn’t know the reason for it but maybe this was important to change whatever was happening in the here and now for the better. Maybe he needed to see some information to know how to help with John’s situation?
He turned but a quiet voice stopped him.
“Yes! That’s it, John, I’ve got it!”
John realized in shock that he had been on a sort of date with Tonya. He looked around wildly, trying to find the girl among the blur of people dancing and standing around but there was no sight of her.
“Is that normal?” John asked curiously. “For Omegas to get a job immediately after school?”
She let go of his hair and his head lolled forward in exhaustion. He flinched when she pushed her hands into the now open space between the buttons of his shirt when she let them glide upon his pectorals greedily, kneading the exposed flesh.
“Doesn’t matter. Just leave.”
She hesitated and looked at John lingering next to Sherlock. “Well, no, dear, but …. I thought that ….”
“John. John.” Sherlock was moaning into his mouth and God, John was so turned on, he could barely breathe. Without thinking, he pushed Sherlock down onto his back, rolling on top of him. His hungry tongue plunged forward, licking into the hot, wet mouth beneath him, as his hands wandered downward to eagerly slip underneath Sherlock’s shirt.
“Sherlock, I have to give Greg my statement really quick, could you not go to sleep yet?” John called after him. “I need to take another look at you before you do that, alright?”
“Beta or not, you still got those cock-sucking lips, so what do you say?”
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile back, rendered completely helpless in the face of the dazzling, disarming smile that belonged to John Hamish Watson. But inside his chest, his heart was thumping like crazy, because he knew the moment where they needed to talk was approaching rapidly. He was at a loss for words.
He had always been popular, with boys and girls alike. The boys liked his casual friendliness, his loyalty, and honesty. He was the type you could share a few drinks with, play a quick round of darts with, go clubbing, easy fun to be around with. But he was fiercely loyal, too and he would always have his friends’ back, be it when they needed a study buddy in preparation for next week’s test, or someone who bought huge boxes of ice cream and three kinds of crips to watch Ghostbusters together after they had just been dumped by their latest girlfriend.
Sherlock responded at once. “No.”
He paced the room up and down, throwing looks at Sherlock’s motionless form every few seconds.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows, sneering at him without holding back. “Why should we do that? You’re going to kill us anyway.”
With a sigh he looked at his handiwork. He had taken care of Sherlock’s wounds and there was little else he could do for now. Well, there was one thing.
Dimmock didn’t have any problem with complying. As soon as he was gone, John’s body went slack, and Greg released him.
John changed his tactics. “You know what? You can’t treat this like unimportant news. I won’t let you and Mycroft won’t let you either.”
the other voice chided.
that guy?” Mike breathed out, and John would very definitely like to know too because he certainly hadn’t seen that kid until today. If he had, he definitely would have noticed him.
Mycroft sighed once more, and John could practically picture him rolling his eyes in exasperation. “Sherlock depends on you, Dr. Watson. How can you not know that?”
But then, Sherlock froze in earnest.
“I don’t want to be examined, “he said through gritted teeth. “It’s not necessary.”
Sherlock’s body offered no resistance as he was dragged to the pub’s exit, out into the mild October air. He wasn’t even strong enough to scream, so it was in his mind that he let out a long, desperate cry for help which was the last thing it did before it shut down almost completely.
His heart raced as he tried to get his thoughts into order.
He reached forward and softly took the empty glass out of Sherlock’s limp hand. Then he took off his jacket, hung it up, and stood in front of Sherlock’s bed again, glancing down at him. He was hit hard by the image of a sleeping Sherlock, looking incredibly vulnerable and youthful like that. He looked so … frail, especially with the bandage on his head and the bruises around his face and throat. One of his slender pale hands with the long, delicate fingers lay limp on the pillow next to his face and something in John’s heart ached at the sight of it. It almost hurt to look at Sherlock.
“He’s been sexually assaulted.”
But then Sherlock sobbed and he realized he got it all wrong. Sherlock didn’t want this. Sherlock had been dragged off by this man, apparently drugged and totally helpless.
“Now, now, Sherlock, “he admonished quietly. “You promised me you wouldn’t overdo it. I have to check on you and we’ll go back to Baker Street now that you had your fun.”
“I’ll be right back, Sherlock, I promise, “John said quietly.
“You’re making quite a lot of noise, everyone on this floor can hear you.” His tone was full of disapproval.
He didn’t need it. He didn’t want it.
“Why would you want to get to know me better?” Scott asked, a little less hostile than before. “If it’s not to date me?”
John shook his head and stopped an annoyed groan escaping his throat, as he barely avoided making the tea in his cup overflow.
“It’s not your concern, “Scott hissed as he roughly pushed Victor out of the way, taking a step away from the other two students, but the other Alpha grabbed him by the arm and pulled him back.
“John? What is it?” His voice was a little bit stronger now, although it still sounded as if he was a bit drunk, his words slurred together a little.
“Ah, alright, “Scott said, his face dropping in obvious disgust and he turned and walked away from John.
“Yes, you do.” Greg grinned back. “Come on, get out of here. Who knows in what state his nibs is currently. I doubt that Mycroft would have left him unsupervised, but experience tells us they don’t get along too well so maybe you should go see if they’re alright. If Baker Street is still standing.”
“Don’t thank me yet, Dr. Watson, you’re still in prison. I regret I haven’t been able to extract you from there already, but it seems your case is a little difficult. Still, tomorrow midday seems a reasonable timing, so be ready for it. I just wanted you to know that.”
“Go to sleep, “he said gently as he clasped Sherlock’s shoulder. Now that Sherlock was awake and lucid, it was much harder to maintain the physical intimacy they had shared tonight until now. John knew that Sherlock had not really been awake and had only sought physical comfort because of his weakened state. But he tried to stick to the illusion that it was John’s comfort in particular that Sherlock had needed. His body warmth, his strong arms, his careful embrace – no one else’s would have been good enough.
“Yes?” he answered, slightly out of breath.
“Maybe, “Sherlock grunted, already half-asleep.
“You didn’t make me go through anything, “he managed to say eventually, swallowing heavily. “Okay? It’s not your fault I was arrested. It’s not your fault you were almost killed by some madwoman.”
He followed Greg into another room and allowed them to take his fingerprints without making a fuss. Somewhere in the back of his head, he was aware of Greg’s increasing concern, but he was too tired to explain or to make an effort to seem better.
“But it’s the truth, “he said sulkily.
Sherlock looked at him. “Rohypnol, was I right?” John nodded. “Four milligrams, apparently.”
Once again, Scott’s hand flew up in the air and John tensed in his seat.
The problem was that his body didn’t seem to be on par with that notion. As of late, it had started to respond with more than just the usual angry heat to Sherlock’s childish temper tantrums, he was starting to react … differently. And wasn’t that embarrassing? He could count himself lucky that Sherlock had yet to notice how John sometimes stepped away from him after a heated argument, turning his back quickly so that Sherlock would not see the telltale bulge in the front of his trousers. Or that he had failed to see the reason why John sometimes closed his eyes when they were shouting at each other, swallowing heavily, that it was not because he wanted to throw him out of the window - well that too, he guessed - but mostly because he wanted to pin him against the wall and snog him senseless.
Greg studied his face for a moment, obviously trying to assess his friend’s mood, sensing that something was wrong. He didn’t comment on it, however. Instead, he pulled the arm of a small, brunette girl nearby to get her attention.
“Was there something
He turned back quickly and knelt down next to Greg. He was pointing at something in the grass and John’s stomach twisted when he saw what it was: blood.
Isn't it glorious when the boys are fighting? I just love to make them fight, there's so much unresolved tension in the air :)
John went pale when he realized how what he said had sounded. “No, I...Sorry, I didn’t…”
But his determination wavered as soon as he saw the look in the Alpha’s eyes when Magnussen chose him to attack with his next question: he could practically feel the other man’s temper rising within him even though the Alpha was too far away for him to scent or feel anything. He could see his clear blue eyes darken with barely-controlled fury and he saw his own irritation at the Professor’s unnecessarily cruel attitude mirrored in them. His throat tightened when he saw the Alpha’s hands clenching into fists on his table and for a second he feared for the other man, that he would not be able to control himself and attack the older Alpha openly threatening him in front of everybody in the room. It would be simple instinct, taking over like that, and even though he feared for him, and the terrible consequences he would have to face, there was a part of Sherlock that desperately wished for him to do it. Challenge the impossible Alpha who was abusing his power to intimidate his students, revealing an inherent flaw in his character which Sherlock could only despise him for.
Without thinking, he got off the bed, leaned forward, and scooped Sherlock up into his arms. His bad shoulder protested a little, but John ignored it. Sherlock was lighter than John had expected, and he frowned as he was reminded of the fact that his friend had barely eaten in the past few weeks. He was a dead weight in his arms and his head lolled against John’s chest as he stood up, his precious cargo in his arms.
John awoke with a start, springing into a sitting position. He gasped for air, hands clenched into the sheets at his sides, and he needed a few minutes to calm himself down.
Sherlock struggled to talk but then his eyes widened, and John just managed to turn him onto his side when he started to vomit violently.
Sherlock was nearly unconscious now. His eyes were closed, although rapid movements under his eyelids revealed his mind’s unwillingness to calm down. He was still trembling all over and his head occasionally jerked from side to side. He was incredibly pale and there were beads of sweat running down the side of his face, so John took a tissue out of his pocket to wipe them away in a few soothing, soft motions.
Once again, Scott looked completely bewildered. “Do you really think so”? he asked, stumbling over his sentence.
Then again, Sherlock’s lockpicking skills left nothing to be desired, so that was highly improbable. He was probably still in the building, snooping around in some dark cellar looking for hidden boxes of evidence and John could just pray he hadn’t been discovered yet. Sherlock was exceptional at what he was doing. He could be quiet as a cat, and although he was tall, he was able to hide himself better than anybody. He was a true master detective and that fact was the only thing stopping John from going totally crazy right now.
But instead of mocking him for it, as Sherlock would have expected him to, Mycroft’s features softened. “John saved you both times, Sherlock. You needed him, badly. If he hadn’t been there, you would be dead or at least hurt even worse than now.”
He dressed in his most favourite jeans and a nice blue jersey shirt that accentuated his toned upper arms. A few dollops of gel into his dark blond hair, a splash of his favourite perfume blending well with his musky Alpha scent - and he was ready to go. Taking a look at himself in the mirror he smirked self-confidently. He was looking good and he knew it. Tonya would certainly think so as well.
But nou sheep bleat till the evenin
Sherlock seemed to think about it for a moment and John knew exactly what was going on his head. If Sherlock told John a too high number, he would probably not be released today. If he lied, though, John would see right through him – Sherlock was a terrible liar, at least in John’s eyes – and he would probably make him stay here just out of principle.
For a split second he thought Sherlock had decided to discover his hitherto dormant sexuality exactly tonight and go have fun with a stranger.
He was grabbed by the shoulders and suddenly, John Watson’s face was inches away from his own.
He couldn’t remember what he had dreamt about this time. However, he realized as soon as he woke up, that he had slept soundly and he was feeling much, much better. He opened his eyes and relief flooded through him as the headache from before seemed only a distant memory, lingering at the back of his head. The exhaustion was still clinging to his body, but not in the way that it had a few hours ago, a heavy weight pulling at his limbs, dragging him down into tempting oblivion his body couldn’t resist.
“I’m taking a bath, “Sherlock answered, already half out of the door. “I’m completely covered in sweat, it’s disgusting.”
. Nevertheless, he hurried forward, catching up to walk beside Scott, at a safe distance this time.
He froze in astonishment.
John breathed a heavy sigh of relief as a thrill of joy simultaneously rushed through him at his friend’s ‘return’.
“Sorry, I’m sorry. I’m really messing this up. I swear, I’m not doing this intentionally. Please, I just want to get to know you?”
The crowd had grown considerably, in fact, the place was packed.  It was getting more difficult to understand what his friends were saying and they had to shout at each other which was a little tiring. But it didn’t matter, the more he drank the more he didn’t mind and the less they talked. You didn’t need to talk much when you could just sip at your beer and observe the crowd around them, making some comment to his friends when the need arose.
“A little.”
But then he realized that Scott must have had many bad experiences with people, probably because of his deduction skills offending them - people didn’t like their weaknesses to be exposed and in some ways, John could relate to that. He was only sorry that being mind-blowingly intelligent only seemed to give that poor kid trouble. He obviously had a brilliant mind, he just lacked some social skills to smooth his way over with people.
The thought of doing this made him feel nauseous, his refreshed legs already starting to weaken again.
“Well, “Greg chuckled, “he doesn’t drink often, does he? He’s a little lightweight then.”
Slowly, he made his way to the bathroom, readily accepting John’s hesitant footsteps behind him. He closed the bathroom door behind him, not locking it, as promised.
at the beginning of May and spending almost six months writing this story (how could I not have found this incredible show sooner?!), it's finally done. Writing this has been extremely valuable to me: it has given me a safe place in these strange times and this terrible pandemic we are currently experiencing (especially during the three-month-lockdown). Thanks to everybody reading this, giving kudos, and especially to those who have commented. Your support has given me motivation, and it makes me incredibly happy to know that there are people out there reading and enjoying my story ❤️
“Of course.” John kneeled next to Sherlock and relished the feeling of being here with his best friend at the crime scene of a murder, analysing the corpse together. It was kind of crazy. And it was truly amazing.
It just didn’t seem right.
“Uhm, I’m afraid I can’t tell you, Mrs. Hudson. Maybe ask Sherlock about it later, okay?” he murmured.
Sherlock looked up again and there were was a dampness in his eyes that John acknowledged but didn’t do anything else about because he needed to get it out now that he had finally started.
“Drugged?” Sherlock dropped his gaze as he desperately tried to remember what had happened. Yes, he had felt funny yesterday.
Pressing his lips together to hide his smile, John filled their plates and poured some sparkling water into their glasses. Sherlock glanced at his portion with a frown, raising an eyebrow at John silently, criticizing him for the size of the portion, although to be honest, it wasn’t big. Well, Sherlock had his own very subjective opinion in contrast to what normal people considered a small portion of food.
Meeting up at John and Mike’s rooms to celebrate the start of the semester had become some sort of tradition between them and although they always started with just beer, one of them inevitably would suggest something stronger at some point in the evening. John always found it impossible to say no to the obligatory shots of vodka, whiskey, and/or rum he and his friends shared during a few rounds of cards. He didn’t want to be a spoilsport after all.
Sherlock looked at the floor, playing with his cuticles nervously. “I’m fine, John, “he said stubbornly, but it seemed the fight had left him. For now at least.
Not liking being touched by anybody, but especially someone he didn’t know Sherlock recoiled from the Beta’s warm hand. In spite of that, his gaze automatically went from left to right, checking the busy corridor. He then realized that several students indeed were staring at them in unashamed curiosity and he shook his head impatiently, refusing to be bothered by something unimportant like gossip or just people in general. John Watson, interestingly, did not look around but kept his gaze firmly on Sherlock, his jaw set in determination as he still had something to say.
“Are you serious right now?” the Alpha asked in a slightly raised voice, an expression of disbelief on his face. “Is that really what you want to say to me right now? Seriously? God, you really are something!”
“Awfully interesting, “the taller Alpha in the elegant black coat was saying. John realized it was the one who had answered Magnussen’s question about Omegas, the one who the professor had called ‘’Mr. Trevor’. “Interesting to see you interested in Omega physiology like that. How come, Williams? You like pretty Omegas?”
“Yes, “John confirmed with a quick nod, glad for the strength in his voice. “I was just going over to my table and I accidentally touched the microscope with my elbow when I passed by. I’m terribly sorry, Professor, there’s no excuse.”
They found themselves at the pub a little later, Greg catching up with them only ten minutes later. They ordered some beer and said hamburgers with chips although Sherlock was content with just chips. John was grateful he was ordering anything at all, so he didn’t say anything.
Billy blinked and reeled back. “What?!”
“Sherlock, “John reached out, still desperate to touch his friend, but Sherlock raised his hand to stop him.
“Would you…” John started and he gnawed at his lower lip, eyes flicking to the side, as he pondered what to say. “Would you mind not locking the door? I’m worried you might slip in the shower and I need to be able to get to you if something happens. You seem alright now, but you’ll still be weak after that kind of fever.”
Being called by the wrong name in this situation irritated Sherlock even further, but he ignored it.
“Well….” Frederic looked a little nervous now. “As I said, he seemed fine, physically at least. He said he would try to catch some sleep, he was in his bedroom for a few hours but I’m sure he didn’t sleep because I could hear him pacing from outside. I thought of calling Mr. Holmes but surely, I thought that would be unfair. You can maybe force someone to eat, but you can’t force someone to sleep. At least that’s what I think.”
Frederic’s smile faltered and immediately, a pang of nervousness shot through John’s body.
“Why, you bloody ….”
“Oh.” His eyes widened in surprise, not having expected to have someone stand in front of him like that, least of all his impatient Alpha Professor.
Sherlock shrugged as if to maybe apologize but not really then he sat down in his chair and pulled up his legs again. Again, he reminded John of a petulant child and he caught himself smiling at his friend fondly.
He eventually noticed the other man’s not-so-discreet stare at him and inwardly cringed at the part in him that howled triumphantly that this particular Alpha had noticed him. Unfortunately, he was used to getting attention from other people. Although he tried his best to appear inconspicuous, dressing in simple dark colours, keeping his head down when he moved around campus, people still seemed to notice him. They kept addressing him in the library or seminars, asking him about his name or where he came from which only earned them irritated looks or if he was in a bad mood, an insult. He knew it wasn’t the smartest way if he wanted to keep his low profile but he just couldn’t help himself. People could be so annoying. Why were they asking him questions out of the blue? Why were they addressing him out of all people? He never gave them any reason to assume he was interested in any kind of interaction, so why so many people bothered trying to get to know him was beyond him.
“I said stop it, Sherlock, calm down!” he ordered loudly, using his Captain Watson voice, surprising even himself. Sherlock’s eyes widened further, and he froze at once. After a few seconds, he finally relaxed and rested his head wearily against the mattress. “John?” he asked, and he sounded so tired and exhausted that John choked back a sound of distress in the back of his throat.
So. John was not gay, and he didn’t like to be called that. He had been appalled at everyone around him implying things about them and overall everything had been pretty clear.
That’s when he heard a sound. A voice from somewhere to his right.
John grabbed his arms again and ducked his head to find Sherlock’s eyes again, he had dropped his gaze in his panic. “Sherlock calm down. You can breathe, you just have to concentrate. Look at me!”
He was glad that Greg and Mycroft had stopped by. They could be sure that everything was finally over now, Sherlock’s remaining attackers safe behind bars where he belonged, and John truly free from any charges that would keep him away from Sherlock. Everything was finally okay and they rest assured now, tend to each other, make that tension between them disappear.
“Surprisingly, yes he did, “John said with a tired smile which caused Greg to raise an eyebrow, but he didn’t inquire further.
The nurse took photographs from Sherlock’s lower half as well, although fortunately there weren’t as many injuries to detect there. Mainly a few bruises on thighs and knees, but there were the marks on the hips and bottom for which she had to ask Sherlock to pull down his underpants for a moment. John averted his gaze for this to give his friend some privacy.
John looked at her imploringly. “Please, I don’t think it’s necessary. I’ve already taken a look at him, I’m his doctor, Dr. Watson.”
Somewhere in the back of his mind he registered Greg staring at him through the closed prison cell door, noticed him opening his mouth as if to ask him something but then someone in the back called for him and Greg left without saying anything. Which was just as well because John himself wasn’t really in the mood to talk right now.
“Wh-what?” John almost let the receiver fall out of his hand.
Sherlock just glared at him and then at John as if he were accusing them of being in cahoots just to annoy him. Then he stormed off out of the warehouse and John followed with a sigh.
With new determination John stepped out of the building and was on the verge of turning around the corner when Greg called after him.
“The ears!” was the instant reply, and John admired how the kid refused to lower his gaze in front of the tall man looming over him, obviously trying to intimidate him.
“Not now, “John hissed as he kept his face forward, forcing himself not to look back.
the Professor’s expectations. They would give their very best.
Sherlock perked up at once. “What are you waiting for then? Get on with it.”
She nodded, reassured. “Alright then. The nurse will show you the papers you both have to sign. I wish you a good recovery.”
Greg stepped into the room and stood by Sherlock’s bed, a little uncertain how to go on.
“Well, if you enjoy the tea so much, won’t you consider eating at least a little bowl of soup?” he asked and sighed when Sherlock was already shaking his head as soon as he started talking.
“Uhm...is your mate okay with this? I don’t want to get you into trouble.”
“Uhm….er…..” The guy was sweating profusely, his eyes darting frantically right and left at his neighbours for help he unexpectedly didn’t get.
It had all went so well. Although Scott had not been interested in having a conversation with him, John had managed to lure Scott out of his shell. When he had explained how he had reached his deductions at John’s request, his whole body had been alight with excitement, his eyes shining as he rapidly presented one clever conclusion after the other. He hadn’t been distrustful or cautious then. Instead, he had turned into someone else. Someone who was not only exceptional because he was beautiful on the outside, as well as incredibly smart and observant. At that moment he had been so exceptionally …. uninhibited. Almost as if John hadn’t been there. He had been exceptionally
He dreamt like this for hours.
His body fell into the routine like a machine remembering its programming. He had done this so many times. This was what he knew, this was what he could do best. Saving lives. Saving people.
Sherlock made himself two slices of toast and sat down on the sofa next to John, lifting his knees up to his chest like always. John immediately felt reassured by their closeness, by having his friend sit so near to him, have him be okay and breathing, and next to him. It was a good feeling.
“No, thank God.“ She beamed at him. “My parents are incredible. They married out of love and they always wanted me to be with someone I love too. they were worried when I presented as an Omega, but only because they knew how dangerous it can be. They didn’t want me to get mated to some superficial, ignorant Alpha who doesn’t really care for me. So they watched out for potential partners and they set up a few dates but they would never have forced me to be mated to anyone I didn’t want.”
“Good morning, students, “he addressed the class in a strong, and somehow melodic voice.
“Well, “he began with a heavy sigh, “when those guys told me they went to the park I ran there straight and I followed the first road. At the crossroad I turned left and followed that road for a while but when I didn’t see anything I just ran cross-country. Then I heard a voice. He was saying … vile things. I first thought it was just some couple about to have sex in the park but then I heard his voice… Sherlock’s.” John’s voice faltered a little. “He was saying ‘No’ again and again very softly, but I was sure it was him. I ran around the corner and then I saw them.”
This had to be it. The place where he would find an explanation for everything.
Her eyes sparkled with fury. “And how would you know all that? There was no connection between that man and us.”
He didn’t want this. Not like this. Not like this.
But in John’s opinion, it should not have been the Alpha’s decision to make and he was deeply distraught that the legal system allowed something like this. He hadn’t known this and he thought it was highly questionable. In his opinion, the field of medicine was naturally tied together with the field of ethics. Hell, every decision they were going to make as doctors were based on ethics, so why had Magnussen brushed Scott’s question off like that? Why had he sounded so satisfied when he mentioned that the Omega had even gotten her wish in the end?
Determination written in his face, he dried his hands and slowly walked to the door. He didn’t want to appear weak, but he also didn’t want to overdo it - he knew his body was unpredictable until the drug was out of his system. He needed to know what exactly was in his blood now, slowing him down, so he could know when he could expect it to be normal again. He hated being powerless to the drug’s effects on his body some awful stranger had decided to subject him to. Just to take …. revenge or something. Sherlock closed his eyes. He didn’t want to think about him anymore. It wasn’t worth his time.
Suddenly there was silence in the room and John asked himself if there was another “important matter” Mycroft wanted to talk about.
He shifted to the edge of the bed as she moved to stand in front of him.
“Yes, I’m sure my brother can take care of that, “Sherlock said sourly, and he stood up. “I’ll lay down now if you don’t mind.”
John stared at him. “Well, I’d rather make sure myself. “He ignored Sherlock’s groan of exasperation and grabbed his wrist to take his pulse, then he went on to touch his forehead.
He groaned again and he buried his face in his hands.
Greg just smirked again. “Nah. Just enjoy it, John. It seems edible and I’m sure you could do with a little soul food for comfort. Mycroft is an arrogant bastard, but it seems he is a useful one.”
John nodded impatiently. “Go on.”
“Yeah, sorry, “John said with a warm smile and they shared a quick knowing glance that made Mycroft and Greg look at each other warily. They both realized something was going on, but couldn’t figure out what it was. Mycroft’s way of dealing with such a lack of knowledge was going on the offensive.
“The things I'm going to do to that mouth...” He traced the lines of Sherlock’s lips with his fingertips and his breath was hot on Sherlock’s skin, smelling of alcohol and sudden nausea overwhelmed Sherlock, it was too much. He tried to turn his head to the side.
Scott’s eyes twinkled dangerously and his lips curled up into a devilish grin as he took one step forward. “Oh, we don’t know each other, but I still know a lot about you. I know you’re a rugby player, playing in the University team, possibly as a captain, but you suffered a recent shoulder injury which is why you’re considering taking it a little lighter than usual this term. You’re a textbook Alpha. You’re also very ambitious and want to do good in your studies, you want to become a good doctor and earn good money to prove yourself to the world. You’ve been drinking yesterday, not only just beer, and you’re regretting it. Not only because it affects your ability to concentrate, that is be a good, attentive student during your classes today, but because you had an alcoholic father and you don’t want to become like him. Your finances are rather lacking. You’ve been in training for the army, but left it as soon as your father died to study here.”
“Sherlock!”
“I said no, “he said, a little louder, his eyes a little clearer than before. “Please, John, I don’t want to go!”
Underneath the headline was a picture. It showed a tall, thin man in his early thirties, clad in an elegant wool coat and a ridiculous hat on his head, turning away from the camera, trying to hide his face as he was getting into a black limousine. Right by his side was a shorter man with dark blonde hair. He was holding the other man by his elbow, guiding him into the car, a worried, yet stony expression on his face, his other hand on the small of the other man’s back. It was the face of a soldier, he recognized the rigid stance, the way he held himself. A small caption underneath the picture said: Consulting detective Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson, colleague.
“Alright, “he said calmly.
Anger blossomed in his chest and he bit into his fist to quell the urge to curse out loud. He didn’t want to startle Sherlock out of his mind palace. If he were in that deep he would need a second to ‘get back’ to the real world and seeing an agitated John directly in front of him probably wouldn’t help.
“I’ll swing by tomorrow. Tell him that, would you, Doctor Watson? It’s better if he’s warned in advance.”
“Mr. Williams! This is a class on toxicology, not on ethics. Please refrain from starting unnecessary discussions about this. It only takes away time that we don’t have. And by the way, the Alpha didn’t ‘murder’ anyone. I’d also like to point out to you that the Omega in question drank the hydrochloric acid herself in order to kill herself. So she got her wish in the end, didn’t she? Her mate only made it possible for her, you could even say he did it out of kindness.”
“You could have given us at least another hour to get ready without all this hurry. We didn’t even have breakfast.”
“Well. in that case, I’d like you to kiss me again. Just kiss.”
“What, have you changed your mind? Won’t you sing to me after all? After all your teasing about your Scottish grandmother?”
Old memories reappeared in his dreams.
John’s frustration flashed up again and he went to bed early, deciding that he would go to a party the next day to have some fun. He would ask Tonya if she’d liked to go, too. He would not let one single, arrogant bloke ruin his whole semester.
But somehow, he didn’t believe that. He tried to ring him once more, but again, there was no answer.
Afterwards, he lay back down on the couch, but sleep refused to come which really shouldn’t have been a surprise. After that dream, it would have been something of a miracle, if he had just fallen into a peaceful slumber. So he found himself staring at the ceiling once again, after tossing and turning for what seemed like hours but in all probability were only minutes.
“Wait! John, wait.”
Greg quickly pulled out a photograph and laid it on the table. Sherlock looked at it and said nothing at first. His breath hitched, and he swallowed down another heavy lump. “Y-yes, it’s him, “he said eventually.
“I’m sorry for what happened to you, “she said eventually, as she turned to Sherlock one last time. Sherlock did not look at her, he had his knees pulled up to his chest with his arms around them and he was staring out the window. “Yes, thank you, “he said, without any emotion in his voice.
“Mrs. Hudson ….” John went after her, but she just threw a distraught look over her shoulder, and then she was gone, her shoes clicking on the floor as she hurried down the stairs to her apartment, muttering to herself in anger.
Sherlock acquiesced and made his way to the couch without any fuss. He curled up into the corner of the sofa and drew up his knees to his chest, wrapping his arms around them as he silently watched John make the tea.
“I know.” John chuckled as he kissed him once again, just a small tiny kiss on those gorgeous lips. “Me too.”
John looked up and saw that Sherlock had put his cup back down again. “Yes”?
He didn’t seem to understand what was going on, where he was, but he was obviously scared and that alone broke John’s heart. To see the usually so confident and vibrant Sherlock in a state like that, so helpless, so fragile – it truly shook him to the core.
“Alright, students, let’s begin, “Magnussen announced, as he pushed himself off the wall, clapping into his hands to get everyone’s attention.
John couldn’t help but feel distrustful. “Who is it, Greg? Is it my mother? If it is, I don’t want to speak to her and neither do I want to be yelled at by my sister…”
“Hmmm.”
“So, you’ve got a boyfriend then?”
Sherlock’s eyes fell shut again and John closed his eyes, too, his entire body tingling with relief. Sherlock felt frail and thin in his arms, his nakedness increasing his vulnerability and John swallowed as he was overcome with an almost unbearable tenderness for the man in his arms.
“No, “Mike said slowly. Then he tilted his head. “But it did anger him even more so maybe you should have avoided doing that…”
And after everything he had done to John, it was understandable that John was fed up with him, ready to throw in the towel.
I hope you like the new chapter, thanks for all the kudos' and comments, they are very much appreciated and keep me motivated:)
“You, “John pointed at him angrily, “you will not do this! I won’t let you do this!”
He didn’t waste time to further analyse the scene in front of him, Sherlock would do so any second now.
“I don’t want you to hold back because of my stupid insecurities.”
“What did you think would happen?” Dimmock sneered at him from the side. “Do you think you can just wander around, shooting people, and then go back home as if nothing’s happened? A woman is dead because of you, Doctor Watson!”
“Oh, yes, I think that’s exactly what you wanted. Seems to me you couldn’t handle your precious friend in danger. When I met you two, I thought there was something strange about you. Both of you running around, solving crimes together, just like that. Who would do that? Well, as for Sherlock, it’s obvious, isn’t it? He’s a bloody psychopath that gets off on looking at corpses and doesn’t care who’s lying on the pavement in front of him at all!”
“Okay, okay, calm down, love, I’ll stay.” He stroked Sherlock’s curly head and sighed in relief when Sherlock indeed seemed to calm down underneath him. Without disentangling from the man, John extended his arm backward and fumbled beneath the edge of the bed. Luckily, he had lain just at the right place and he managed to grab the discarded bed sheets and pull them over the two of them.
“Yes, Dr. Watson speaking. Alright, okay, as I thought. How much? Ah, okay… Well, thanks for letting me know. Bye.”
He had been belittling John from the start. Had told him he had a simple mind. Had deduced him in seconds, as if there was nothing interesting to know about John Watson, apart from his status as an ex-soldier and doctor, his problematic relationship with his sister and his psychosomatic limp. John had always openly admired Sherlock’s skill, but Sherlock had only scoffed at that and pitied him for being so simple.
The couch dipped when he sat down but Sherlock didn’t move. John swallowed heavily and laid his hand on Sherlock’s knee.
The kid smiled and said “Glycine receptor antagonist.”
Sherlock seemed content with that answer and began to tell his story again. He did it in the same clinical, monotonous voice as before with the nurse and he spoke even quicker than before, eager to get it over with. He showed no open emotions when he spoke of his abuse and his body didn’t betray any sentiment either – apart from the blazing eyes, John could not help but notice. There was something dark in them, something forlorn as he recounted how he had been touched, kissed, and bitten without his consent.
Sherlock opened his eyes and blinked at him, apparently almost seconds from passing out. He opened his mouth to speak but John put a finger on his lips and shook his head. Sherlock closed his eyes again, giving up and John ran his hand through the damp curls as they lay there, waiting for Greg and the ambulance to finally catch up with them.
He waited for the call to end then he texted quickly.
He drew his shoulder blades back and fixed him a hard stare, refusing to step down and Sherlock’s eyes flitted down again. Apparently, he wasn’t in the mood for discussing things. Which was a little worrisome, because normally, Sherlock wouldn’t hesitate to put up a fight with John, perseverating on his own point of view and refusing to acknowledge John’s valid arguments, pouting and stomping around like a little child throwing a tantrum. Thinking about it now caused John’s heart to clench with surprising longing. He wanted the old Sherlock back. His old Sherlock. The one that used to drive him mad, the one that put bullets into their wall because he was bored. The one that used up all their milk or toilet paper for dubious experiments, refusing to replace what he had taken without thinking. The one that looked at him with surprise on his beautiful face when John had said “fantastic!” for the very first time.
“I have to say I didn’t.”
John groaned out loud, sudden heat pooling in the pit of his stomach, and he pushed his hands into Sherlock’s chocolate-coloured curls, massaging his scalp with all ten fingers as he cherished the amazing feel of that soft hair as well as the sweet taste that was Sherlock’s mouth.
“Sure, love?”
“Ah, there you are, “John said with that short, false smile of his, that betrayed his obvious anxiety. “Good old Mrs. Hudson left us a casserole on the table while we were sleeping. I’d say we eat now, get something solid into you. Alright?”
The shaking slowly decreased and then stopped. His mind was quiet once again.
“Right, “John said quickly and after one last reassuring squeeze, John let go of his hand and hurried out of the bedroom to get the things he needed.
John’s brain eventually started to ask mean questions, forcing his bad conscience to the surface. He had allowed himself to sleep next to Sherlock, possibly traumatizing him even more. Just when he was about to really work himself up into hating himself, John realized his friend was feeling a lot hotter than before. And he was completely limp in his arms. Something wasn’t right.
A short, mirthless laugh escaped Sherlock’s mouth. “Not really. I wish you were.”
“Now you’re insulting me, “Scott said angrily, taken aback.
“But…”
“You heard what I said, “John said heatedly. “I know I was out of line with you, I know that I went too far. I knew it the second it was over, and I regretted it immediately. I felt really bad afterwards, and I wanted to apologize to you all week. So don’t brush me off like that, it’s not fair.”
The flames fired the clear mountain air
“No, Sherlock, “John said, and he squeezed his friend’s shoulder in compassion, “you’re not drunk anymore. You never really were.”
Sherlock pouted again. “Well, I don’t understand, if it’s not that important then you could just talk to them, let them release me. Right?”
“John?”
“Yes, I know. She bore him two healthy twin sons. Both of them Alpha. But she was never the same afterward. She is in a mental institution now. He broke the bond with her and lives with a new wife now, a Beta, as well as the boys. He has all he wanted from her. I visit her from time to time, but she doesn’t talk much, and … I’ve got to admit, it’s depressing, so I don’t go as often as I should.”
A few seconds after the call ended, his laptop chirped, signifying it had received a new e-mail. It was of course the medical report and John grabbed his prescription block at once to jot down the recipe for the new antibiotics Sherlock would be getting now.
He wouldn’t have shot a person to save him. Would he?
Another pause. Another heavy sigh.
It wouldn’t have been like her, to smile when a portray was taken of her.
“Tired?”
“Alright, let’s go, “John said with a heavy sigh.
It had always been that way. John was the one pulling him back to himself. Showing him the right way.
Mrs. Hudson raised her eyebrow. “What, you mean the great Sherlock Holmes made a mistake like that? Unbelievable!” And she turned towards Sherlock with the same mock confusion face as John at which Sherlock huffed indignantly, folding his hands in front of his chest, pouting.
Dimmock put him through the wringer for three hours and afterwards John was exhausted. He had spent half the time repeating the same few sentences, the other half scoffing at ridiculous allegations Dimmock was making against him, maybe in a desperate attempt to get him to confess, maybe to find his way around the possible truth, who knew?
Sherlock flinched under his touch and John let go of his hand at once. They stared at each other for a few seconds and John realized his own heart rate was through the roof.
“As usual, “John muttered in frustration. “Well, I need to take a look at you now, alright? Just a quick check of your vitals.”
“Good.” Sherlock was relieved. Even though he was annoyed with John for fussing over him - suffocating him - he preferred him over anyone else as his caretaker and most of all Mycroft. He could almost imagine his big brother forcing himself to watch over his little brother personally because he was such a control freak, not trusting anyone else to do the job after that last failure. Sherlock would not have been able to endure that, he would have tried to escape again, he knew.
He didn’t need to look to know that Mycroft looked surprised.
Every student singled out by Magnussen managed to answer his questions correctly. Which was no surprise, regarding the fact that almost half the class participants had not shown up again today after the professor’s off-putting performance last week. All the remaining students were either forced to stay because they had no alternatives or they were as determined and ambitious as John and Mike were. John suspected that all of the students present had spent their Sunday studying for this class in order to pass this rigorous questioning. He hoped that the professor would not make a habit of doing that every week. He had other classes too, and couldn’t afford to spend all his precious time studying just for ‘Advanced Toxicology’.
Because of the harsh laws, Omegas were only allowed to study at universities if they were bonded to someone. Only if their mate gave their consent and only if they made it through a very complicated application process with lots of tests and questionnaires, were they permitted to enter universities.
John glanced at him for a second, then looked down at the floor, his arms crossed in front of his chest. “I guess I am, “he answered eventually.
Storm-grey eyes sparkled challengingly. “I’m nineteen.”
He eventually gave up and sank to the floor on his knees, burying his head in his hands. Never ever had he been forced to leave his mind palace without any answers to his questions at all. Never.
After a few more gasping gulps, John still didn’t feel very good. His head was pounding and his whole body was begging for rest, he was almost tempted to just close his eyes and go to sleep, damn it all. But then he became aware of the limp body in his arms and he renewed his efforts, forcing his aching muscles to obey his command. He needed to get Sherlock out of the water, as quickly as possible.
“No, apart from a few scrapes and bruises, mostly on his thighs and upper arms. Ah, and the bite wound on the shoulder, but that is an old one, I understand?”
“Uhm, yes.” Frederic stood up, too. “Mr. Holmes told me, I could leave as soon as you were here, and I had given you an update on his brother’s condition.”
“Oh, it does! Of course, it does, but I cannot change the facts and it’s not Tom’s fault that the laws are as stupid as they are.”
“It just seems strange to me that you shot her in the throat. From the side.”
“What, you don’t enjoy that? “she sneered viciously, “but I thought you liked pain.”
What was wrong with him?
Let John leave and live a peaceful life without him. It would be better for himself, too.
“What?” John jolted awake at the sound of Sherlock’s voice. “What is it? Are you okay?” He was in doctor mode at once, ready to jump and help his friend with a new injury, or a nightmare, or whatever else was ailing him.
Sherlock’s hands trembled in his and his eyes searched John's intensely as if trying to find some answers in them.
John had, as was usual by now, long given up on trying to get the detective to behave like a normal human being and accepted the more than usual untidy apartment, the strange stuff in the fridge, and the demanding texts out of nowhere, ordering him all around London in a frantic paper chase for clues. Same procedure as always, just a little more intense than usual. Sherlock had eaten and slept even less than on other cases, driving John half-insane with his crazy mumbling around all day, deducing when he could, despairing and wallowing in self-pity when he couldn’t because there were no tangible clues.
Sherlock was grinning from ear to ear, watching Charles’ face for a reaction.
He tried to prop himself up on his elbows but winced when the pain flared up anew in his head.
The grey was starting to get heavier, thicker and he knew he had to get out.
you wanted to tell me?” John asked, now really getting tired. He had enough of Sherlock’s ramblings for one day.
“You seem interesting. I like interesting people, “John said with another shrug.
After a few minutes, he had managed to calm himself down completely. He ignored the sensation of shame creeping up on him because if he allowed himself to give in to that, he would lose it. He needed to keep himself together, push John Watson and his stupid blue eyes out of his mind and get on with his day. Now.
“I’ll play your game, Mr. Holmes, “she said as she began unbuttoning his shirt. His chest was heaving heavily now, as his trouble to breathe increased with every minute and his head was pounding, making it hard to think. He managed to keep up his defiant stare at her though although he could hardly keep his head up, it was so unbelievably heavy.
Now, though, he was free as a bird. For the first time since he had become a man, he was single and ready to mingle, so to speak.
“Sherlock, look at me! Breathe with me! In through your nose, out through your mouth. Come on!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“They are the ones who made the laws, “she said bitterly. “They don’t want Omegas to walk around unmated, it’s unethical, they claim. They want Omegas to mate early, bear as many children as possible and take care of them because that’s their role in life.”
“Could you stop all these silly antics?” he asked with a heavy disappointed sigh. “You’re not very original you know? I’ve encountered so many serial killers and tell you what? You’re one of the most boring ones I’ve ever met. You’re incredibly dull and predictable, you need to work on that.”
His stomach lurched and he grabbed the edge of the bathtub, needing to steady himself. His heart pounded in his chest as he imagined John’s face, surprised at Sherlock’s thoughts, maybe even shocked. Maybe his face would straighten into a tight smile, wrinkles forming around his kind blue eyes as he tried to let him down easy, explaining that he had never thought of Sherlock as anything else than a friend.
He felt his face growing hot and he seriously hoped it did not show on the outside. His heart was pounding in his chest and his throat felt blocked up, it was getting hard to breathe and there were tears starting to form behind his eyes. But with sheer willpower he forced them back, all he did was swallow, but his face remained as impassive as ever.
Then he sprang into action. He jabbed his elbow sideways into Charles’ face with vicious force, taking him by surprise. The motion was enough to undo his already loosened bonds completely. His hands now free, he jumped up and landed a hard punch to Charles’ temple before he could recover, thus knocking him out completely. Swiftly, he turned towards Billy who had leaned down to recover his gun but before he could point it at John, John slapped it out of his hand, where it landed in the water. With an angry howl, Billy threw himself at John, but John caught him by the arms and twisted them behind his back, using the momentum to get behind the other man. Billy struggled against him, roaring angrily, but John knew what he was doing. He snaked his arms around the taller man’s neck and pressed, cutting off his air supply in a merciless chokehold. After a few seconds, the man went slack in his arms.
He tried to concentrate on his blog again. Writing that article about the coagulation of human saliva after death had never seemed as unappealing as it did now. He tried to form a sentence but came up with nothing.
Or maybe he should give Sherlock some peace. As he had told Mycroft, it had all been a bit much for Sherlock. The stress, the fever, all the trauma he had been through, and then being faced with John’s raw emotions…
He disconnected that call as well. Shifting restlessly in his seat, he opened a drawer from his desk and took out a photo. It was the portrait of an attractive woman in her late forties, blonde silky hair pulled back into a loose ponytail, two single strands framing her hard but alluring face. The neon pink lipstick stood out against the cool black of her perfectly arranged black blouse. She wasn’t smiling.
“So, I’ll let you sleep for now, “John said as he got up from the bed, “but I’ll wake you in a few hours to check on you again, give you more of the medicine, and maybe you can eat something then too, alright? You need to give your system a chance to reboot.”
John sighed as he ran a hand through his hair.
But apart from that: what was he worth to anyone? Had he been a good friend to John like John had been to him?
Would he be thankful for Sherlock addressing it?
Sherlock grinned. “Great, then it’s decided. You eat it.”
Greg raised his eyebrows. “Oh. Okay. If you say so. Well, then we’d better quickly discussed something before he does show up.”
The inside of his mouth tasted as if something had crawled inside and died there. He couldn’t stand it, so he quickly grabbed his toothbrush and brushed his teeth vigorously. Obviously, John had cleaned the wounds on his face already and another surge of gratitude rushed through Sherlock. It was then that he also noticed the bandages sticking out from under his shirt, on his left shoulder. He pulled the fabric away and inspected the bandages. He flinched when suddenly images appeared in his mind.
Both of them seemed to hold their breaths, as their heads dipped forward, angled towards each other, just inches away from the perfect kiss.
“Don’t bother Graham, “a sharp voice said, and they looked up to see Sherlock leaning against the door frame. He was trying to appear casual, John saw, but he also detected the slightly trembling hand hidden behind his friend’s back as well as the tiny beads of sweat in his forehead. But Greg was not a very attentive man, most of the time, so maybe Sherlock could fool him.
“You told him?” Sherlock looked at John incredulously but John shook his head patiently, meeting the younger man’s indignant’s glare without remorse. “Of course. You know how he is. He would have ripped my head off had I not kept him informed. And he’s your next of kin, it is my duty as your doctor to inform him. You were in danger of brain damage, Sherlock.”
“You’re crazy, you know that?” John asked, as he caught up with his friend on the street, out of breath from the hectic business of dressing and getting himself ready as if his life depended on it.
“Yes.”
“Nothing, “Sherlock answered, and his voice slurred just a little bit, of which he was quite proud. “Nothing to see here, no, absolutely not.” He waved his hand in front of his face and closed his eyes as he sensed the beginning of a headache digging its way through his skull.
After pacing around a little more, Sherlock nodded to himself as if to relent and he sat himself down on the sofa. He didn’t relax into it, however, nor did he calm down a little, instead he continued prattling on about H.O.U.N.D. and what that project had been about. John observed him from his position at the kitchen counter and couldn’t help but chuckle at Sherlock too. He had enjoyed solving this case with him and he had to admit it had turned out quite unexpectedly. So yeah, he could understand why his roommate had such an urge to recount their adventure to Mrs. Hudson so vividly. However, he couldn’t help but interrupt Sherlock with a deep “Ahem!”
His skin was still tingling from the way Sherlock’s breath had brushed against the base of his throat. His body had memorized the soft touch of curly, chocolate-coloured hair tickling his chin, the soft press of Sherlock’s long lean body curled against his own shorter one. After Sherlock had woken up that first time and he had lulled him back to sleep with his mother’s lullaby, John had stayed awake a long time, cradling Sherlock against him, basking in the wonderful feeling of warmth and comfort and rightness. He felt like he could lie there for hours, for days or weeks even. A lifetime, if Sherlock was only by his side, sleeping trustfully with his head resting on John’s chest.
He grabbed his toothbrush and started brushing his teeth, as he went to his bedroom and pulled some random fresh clothes out of his drawers.
But he was fine now and there was no reason to delay their conversation any further. Maybe that was a good thing. Maybe not.
At himself, for falling victim to the weakness of sentiment. If he hadn’t befriended John in the first place, he wouldn’t feel the need to solve the mystery of their relationship now. He would have been content to have a friendly colleague at his side, someone to give medical advice, someone to take care of his transport when it needed medical attention or looking after when he was in his mind palace, and of course, someone to share the rent with. A good practical relationship, no confusing unanalysable feelings involved.
He brought all that into Sherlock’s bedroom and dropped it on the bedside cabinet. One quick look at Sherlock’s motionless form told him that the man had nodded off again, but he was also tossing and turning again, shivering almost violently.
Sherlock harrumphed as he pressed his face into the fitted sheet beneath him, moaning pitifully as searing pain suddenly flared up in behind his eyes, almost causing him to double over in pain.
“But I had everything under control!”
. So, John pushed down the anger bubbling within him and simply followed them as they made their way to the warehouse’s entrance.
“No, go away with that awful muck you call food! It doesn’t even look edible, seriously, where do you get this from? I wouldn’t feed that to my dog if I had one!”
“Yes, it’s me. What? Has it been so long already that you’ve forgotten what I look like?” John chuckled at his lame joke, but Sherlock still seemed out of it. His eyes darted forth and back as the detective tried to place him here instead of at Scotland Yard.
John hesitated. He didn’t want to push Sherlock, but he needed to stay hydrated.
Sherlock realized this the second he woke up. He was still pressed into John’s body, but in their sleep, their limbs had intertwined, John lying on his side now, angled towards Sherlock. Sherlock was curled up against him with his face snuggled into John’s chest, his long legs entangled in John’s shorter ones. John’s arm was wrapped around Sherlock’s waist, a comfortable weight against his body and he was holding him tightly against himself in his sleep.
“This is at least an eight, John!” he had exclaimed enthusiastically, and John had only exchanged an exasperated look with Greg before they both turned to look after the quickly vanishing figure, his dark Belstaff coat flapping behind him dramatically.
Mycroft really did care for his brother. Not just as an asset he needed to protect so he could continue solving riddles for him, preventing political crises. But also, as simply a little brother he loved. Even if he would never admit it.
“You smell so good, darling, I could just eat you up." The man's administrations were getting more and more aggressive, more demanding. His hands roamed all over Sherlock’s body as his mouth travelled upwards, from neck to chin to mouth.
He slowly climbed up the stairs in the middle of the room and John could detect the increasing scents of fear and terror permeating the air. The situation was horrible, but he couldn’t do anything but stare in disbelief.
Everyone in the room stared at John as he stepped forward, his head held high.
He grinned shyly and looked down. “Seems like it works...for us. It helped me sleep through most of the night, if I remember correctly, so….”
Sherlock had enough now. This Alpha was impossibly annoying, it was driving him mad. How dare he pretend as if he was barely involved in the whole matter at all. As if it was of no great importance to him what had happened in the lab. Gritting his teeth in order to keep his temper in check, he raised his hand, stopping himself from grabbing the arrogant Alpha’s arm and waving it in his face instead.
The man’s arm was wrapped around his back holding him upright while he tugged Sherlock with him down the street. Apparently, Sherlock had lost consciousness for a few seconds…
Sherlock fixed him with a cold stare. “I think it’s my decision if I feel okay or not, John. Please don’t be presumptuous, it doesn’t suit you.”
He wanted this. So much.
He sighed and resolutely shoved Sherlock’s taxing brother out of his head. He quickly took Sherlock’s blood pressure again which hadn’t changed, and he managed to get a few tiny sips of water into Sherlock until he began coughing without waking up.
“John, it’s me, Mycroft. I’ve been informed my brother has run into some trouble again.” The sound of that unmistakable soft voice caused John’s hairs on his arms to rise up and he sighed impatiently: “Yes, you could call it that, “he gritted out, “he’s been sexually assaulted, Mycroft.”
There were the obligatory start-of-semester parties planned, a few of which John usually attended with his friends because he would never turn down the opportunity to indulge in some good old-fashioned dancing and drinking with his chums, no matter how diligent a student he aimed to be.
“I did but…”
“Yes.”
“Let him take care of you, little brother. He only wants the best for you.”
“Even to my powers there are limits, John, “Mycroft stated coldly. “And it won’t be a problem to convict him if they have all the evidence they need. So, we’re gonna give it to them. I want to have a Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner look at him today and get the kit done.”
John still wanted to say thank you properly, he also was desperate for information on Sherlock.
Sherlock was staring at him as if he had gone mad. “I …. It’s fine, John, really….”
And that was all that mattered.
Boyfriend. What an utterly ridiculous word.
“Come here, love, “he whispered, and he gently positioned Sherlock’s head on his chest. Sherlock moaned softly and shifted to his side, curling into himself. John started stroking his friend’s hair slowly, started making soothing noises so that Sherlock would finally fall asleep.
“What is your name, boy?” he asked instead.
John chuckled and headed out. Just a quick trip to the pharmacy and then he would force Sherlock to let him take his temperature, take his medicine, and eat something. Then maybe he would allow him to deduce more stuff Greg would probably be sending him in the next few hours…
If he was honest he wasn’t too keen on dancing. Well, not with Sarah anyhow. He knew she had had a crush on him since they had first met in a seminar on genetics in their second semester a year ago. They had been lab partners which meant that they had spent quite a lot of time together. It had soon become apparent that she was interested in him and she had always tried to get him interested in her as well - unfortunately for her, without any luck. She was a nice, pretty Beta girl, but she was kind of boring and they didn’t seem to have any common interests. He had tried to convey to her that he only wanted to be friends without hurting her feelings but he mustn’t have been clear enough for she still tried to get him to ask her on a date.
“Oh, you’re awake, dear, “she said nervously. She hesitated towards him as if she wanted to touch him but didn’t dare it. “Are you alright? How are you feeling, you poor thing?”
“No.” John crossed his arms in front of his chest as he looked from Alpha to Alpha, challenging them to do anything they weren’t supposed to do.
Mycroft looked a little embarrassed.
The situation had taken him completely by surprise and for a moment he was unable to move, frozen in his place against the wall. His mind was racing with the possibilities and he was sure the Professor could detect his anxiety in his scent. He swallowed, forcing himself to display a neutral expression on his face as he considered what to do.
“Something you wanted to say?” he asked them, raising his eyebrow.
He switched his gun to his left hand and got out a knife of his pocket, holding it to Sherlock’s chin. “I think, I’d like to try how long I have to cut you before you begin screaming.” John tensed and waited for the signal to fight but it didn’t come.
“I say piss off!” Scott cried out as he tore his hand free from John, the anger from before returning at full power. “What is it with you Alpha blockheads and your stupid Alpha ways? Can’t you accept a simple no? God!”
“I’m sorry, John. I really am, but I have to lock you into the detention cell now.”
“Come on, John, he’s not here.” Greg nudged his arm and John followed him back down the stairs. Their trail was cold now, what to do next? Maybe they should drive to Mr. Harrington’s house, see if Sherlock was there looking for new clues.
“Now come on, Williams, don’t be like that, “he said with a salacious smirk, “let’s have a little fun together.”
He was only seconds from bursting into Sherlock’s room out of sheer anxiety when suddenly the door opened and Mycroft stepped outside, his face slightly flushed, and triumph very visible in his wide smile. John glanced inside the bedroom and saw Sherlock sitting on his bed, his shoulders slumped down, looking defeated.
Nevertheless, he said: “I’m sorry, Mrs. Hudson, I can’t talk about it right now. All I can say is that he’s been assaulted tonight, and he needs rest, quite urgently. So, would you please leave us now? I’ll take care of him, I promise.”
“Dr. Watson. I’m glad you
Scott was pale as a sheet now, as he was staring up at the professor. Sudden heat coiled in John’s belly as he saw the genuine fear in Scott’s eyes at the Alpha glaring down at him, the older man’s right hand raised half-way, almost as if he wanted to strike him and he had to restrain himself from simply tackling the older man in order to get him away from the Beta.
He watched in horror, as a single tear made its way down Sherlock’s cheek, and he desperately wanted to wipe it away, stop more unexpected tears from flowing somehow.
“No, John.” Sherlock’s voice sounded bitter. Resigned. “No, don’t take your words back. Because you really were right. But here’s the thing.”
“Yes, Sherlock, it’s me, “John said softly. He was determined not to let himself lose control of his temper again, no matter how much nonsense spilled out of his friend’s mouth. He needed to pull himself together, stay calm, and offer his support in a gentle manner. “How do you feel?”
He frowned when he realized the bright light wasn’t going away. Frustrated, he slammed the door shut and opened the second room, only to be greeted yet again by the blinding light.
He shifted and grabbed the phone from the table which he luckily had left there along with all the other stuff he had brought. He quickly unlocked the screen with trembling fingers.
“How?” he asked, his voice steadier now. “He drugged me, you said. Rohypnol, probably, right? I couldn’t see right, could hardly move my limbs, brain all fuzzy and then the headache.”
He sighed as he sprinkled a few drops of cold water on his face and neck – it felt good on his too-hot skin. At last, he decided he couldn’t avoid the unavoidable, so he raised his head to look in the mirror.
A soft knock at the door made both of them look up. It was Greg Lestrade who stood in the doorway, looking a little embarrassed.
“Hey!”
“Very good, Mr. Trevor!” Magnussen smiled at the Alpha student with obvious approval.
“No, “he whispered desperately, “no, not the hospital.”
Greg opened the door with his keys and jerked his head to the side. “We’re making an exception. Come on.”
“Yes. Alright, “Sherlock repeated in the same tone, almost monotonous. “I do hope everything gets cleared up for you, John. Going through a whole trial would be really tedious, I guess. Alright, see you tomorrow, hopefully. Good luck.”
John leaned forward. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock had been right, like always.
That made John scramble up in surprise. He turned toward Greg and raised his eyebrows, a question mark in his expression.
“But that doesn’t mean you’re fit to go on cases already, Sherlock, “John said as he held up a warning finger. “I mean it. You’re still weak, you need to rest for a few more days, give your body a chance to recover. Is that understood?”
Unfortunately, he couldn’t risk causing a ruckus due to his specific circumstances. So he had no choice but to ignore the profound sense of revulsion whenever someone leered at him, pushing back the rising anger in his stomach, the urge to punch those imbeciles straight in their stupid faces. Instead, he just gave them a drop-dead stare and left. It made him feel frustrated and bitter every time it happened, but it was still a better alternative than getting into public fistfights every other day.
Sherlock did not and John was thankful for small mercies. Maybe they could still salvage this. Maybe Sherlock could do something with this new information at hand. Maybe they weren’t as lost as Sherlock’s panicked expression on his face a few moments ago had suggested.
*Warning for graphic violence in this chapter
Once again, he found himself resenting his embarrassing inexperience and he wished he had allowed people that had shown interest in him to initiate something. Not a serious relationship, no, because nobody he had known before John would have ever been interesting enough for that, no one could hold a candle to John. But maybe something less, something superficial, a kind of friendship that also involved sexual relations. Just one of these kinds of relationships would be very helpful to him now, giving him some sort of guideline on how to deal with this.
The mattress dipped as John got off the bed and Sherlock grit his teeth as the pain stubbornly persisted to torment his brain. He was dimly aware of the sweat clinging to the damp skin of his face and for a moment, he felt overwhelmed by disgust. He would try and get into the shower as soon as possible, although he realized that John might forbid him to do so, his overprotective nature taking over, like always when Sherlock was in a less than agreeable condition. He would probably be forced to apply his most persuasive techniques to get what he wanted.
Ah, yeah, that would probably be the day where they had chased a cabbie throughout London and ended up eating Dim Sum in a dubious little restaurant to celebrate their first victorious case together.
There had always been an underlying sense of passive-aggressiveness in John’s behaviour: some sort of frustration that he always tried to suppress but to Sherlock was visible, clear as day. It was there every time he exclaimed that he was not gay. It was there every time he talked about Harry or his parents, the reason for which the subject was banned between them most of the time. It was also sometimes between them when John expressed his irritation at Sherlock rushing off from a crime scene without waiting for John to tag along. That didn’t happen very often though.
Admittedly, he had been quite hurt by John’s angry words at the hospital. He had felt betrayed, abandoned by the one person in the world he had counted on, his best friend and loyal partner in crime. After he had been released from the hospital, he had actually feared that their friendship was over.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sherlock snapped. “This is my home, I can throw you out of here anytime I want to!”
“Easy, mate, easy. We need to be careful, we don’t know how many people are in here.”
“Well …. not really, “Sherlock protested, looking up but John was shaking his head in frustration.
He hesitated, not wanting to embarrass or insult her. But her smile seemed genuine, so he stepped forward a little, leaning in close to her, and took a small whiff of air. Now he could make out a faint scent that was quite nice: sweet, like vanilla, but it was quite faint.
”Piperonyl butoxide.”
“Yes, it is. But the bandage was ripped off, so I fear the wound has been messed with.” He was fuming with anger at Sherlock’s captors for being so cruel as to play with his old wounds, it was dangerous for the wound was already infected and could very possibly worsen if new bacteria had gotten inside.
“Oh, Sherlock, there you are! I’ve been worried sick about you! Back home already?” She advanced quickly as a bird and suddenly grabbed his collar, tugging him down so that she could inspect his face. Startled, he let her.
“Which is?”
The sirens of an ambulance arriving somewhere near broke through the silent night very loudly and Sherlock’s eyes opened in a sudden panic again.
Sherlock nodded imperceptibly, a small smile on his lips. “Hmmm … if we must.”
John tried again. “Sherlock. I was so worried about you when you disappeared on me. Again. I was going mad trying to find you, you can ask Greg. I only want you to be safe, don’t you understand?” His tone was different now, almost pleading and Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly in surprise.
Okay, okay, that was enough.
He had to sit down for a minute, feeling a little weak in the knees. He let his head drop between them, supported by his elbows and he closed his eyes. What a strange day it had been. He felt as if the world was spinning too fast. They still had to recover from Sherlock’s last assault and yet they were here at the hospital, after a second attack. How much could Sherlock endure? How was he really? He had even made jokes, seconds after being found by him and Greg, injured and nauseous, but still the one with the last word, the one with the great punchline.
He turned to Charles. “I’m proud of you, Charles.”
“I know it’s fine.”
John turned to him, hopefully. “Yeah, that’s what I thought. Apparently, he’s had some bad experiences with people, that’s why he reacted that harshly. But maybe I can make him see, Mike, maybe I can persuade him that it was only foolishness of me, not my general character. Not all Alphas are awful.”
“I thought I’d lost you, you mad tosser. Don’t you ever do that to me again, you hear me?”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed and his eyes sparkled dangerously as he leaned forward, right into John’s space. “Especially me? What do you mean?” His voice, low and trembling, caused a shiver to run down John’s spine.
He caught a glimpse of Mike nodding in surprise before he was out of the door. His eyes wildly searched the floor in front of him, and he groaned in frustration when he found himself unable to spot the lad he was looking for, lost in the increasing crowd of students streaming out of various classrooms.
He thought of the day they had met and how Sherlock’s eyes had lit up when John had praised him for his deduction in the cab, calling him “amazing” and “extraordinary”. The way Sherlock’s eyes had widened later that day, impeccable deductions stuttering to a halt when he had seen John standing behind the red tape and realized it was him that had shot the cabbie. His proud and somewhat amazed grin when he had told him to wash his hands so as to get rid of the powder gun on his fingers.
“Yes, “John mumbled. “I guess.”
He grabbed the broken pencil and thrust it into his mouth, biting hard into the end piece even though he knew he wasn’t supposed to do that because of the lead.
(See the end of the chapter for
John opened his eyes, a little surprised at his own dark thoughts. First the beating and then this. He knew he had a temper, but he was usually able to get himself under control, managing to avoid getting into brawls with people that upset him. But apparently, this man had brought out his most violent side, one that he couldn't keep in check. No wonder if it had been necessary to save Sherlock from harm. To witness something like that happening to him, was just plain awful.
“Well, not always, “she said, her tone turning wistful. “Many Omegas get married off quickly after they present and then they have kids and stay at home. Most parents look out for potential partners during their children’s adolescence, search for the ones with good jobs and a respectable background, you know? So that their children are well cared for. It’s why many young Omegas get mated to older, sometimes much older Alphas.”
He didn’t say anything, and Greg took his hand away again.
“Sherlock?”
He felt beads of cold sweat breaking out on his neck and forehead and his limbs felt like they weighed a ton, threatening to drag him down. And God, he felt hot, too hot, he craved some water and fresh air. He could barely concentrate on putting one foot in front of the other.
Sherlock preferred to stay quiet, but his indignant huff was answer enough.
“Why are we talking about cocks?” Mike asked cheekily, coming to stand next to them with three fresh bottles of beer in his hands.
Red-hot fury threatened to consume him and he wanted to scream at Mycroft, insult him so much that he would get angry and leave him alone but as he opened his mouth once more to hurl out more insults, a sharp pain flared up in his skull and he staggered, reaching out to his forehead involuntarily.
John swallowed, knowing this would be hard on his monthly allowance but he nodded nevertheless. “Of course, Professor.”
John tried to catch Sherlock’s eye, make him really look at him. “Sherlock. Are you okay?”
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed a light pink, much to his obvious annoyance, and John’s heart immediately swelled in fondness.
“I’ll just wash this then, “John murmured and he indicated the sink.
“Thanks.”
Christ, he should apologize. He didn’t know how he could have just forgotten about her. He had come here with the intention of getting drunk, getting laid...well, that hadn’t exactly happened.
He didn’t need this corridor right now, so he just walked on to the next corridor. There were a few following after, those were the ones filled with rooms with information from the cases from before. He would need to see through those and see what should be kept and what deleted. Most of the information could be deleted because he didn’t need the names and addresses of former victims or witnesses, for instance. Sometimes, he would keep useful stuff, like the way a murder had taken place, the way a poison showed its marks on a victim’s face, or the effect a certain kind of bullet would have on a marble floor. He could use this information for the following cases, so he kept that and deleted the rest, thus erasing entire rooms, rendering the corridors smaller. His palace would adjust itself every time he entered and deleted something. The corridors would get smaller, rooms would disappear, which would make it easier to sort through new memories the next time he would come here.
“Let him take care of you, little brother. He only wants the best for you.”
Then he realized he was thinking about Scott again and he scowled. Not this again. He was here to have fun, get drunk, dance, and maybe get laid, later on, not to sulk about Scott Williams again. How was this bloke weaseling his way into John’s mind yet again?
The room was silent except for the clicks Mrs. Wilkins’ camera made as she began to catalogue Sherlock’s body. She photographed literally everything, every mark, every bruise, everywhere. Politely she asked Sherlock to move into this position or raise his arm that way. Sherlock acquiesced to her requests without a fuss, although a sullen expression remained on his face the whole time.
“Alright, can you please tell me everything that you remember from yesterday’s events? And I mean everything, even if you can’t remember it clearly. I know there are many hazy things, but every little detail helps so please do try to be thorough.” Greg leaned forward as he waited for Sherlock to talk.
“Alright.”
“Sherlock, I’m sorry. I can’t come home right now.” John sounded truly dreadful.
“Greg, “he said quickly, “it seems they’ve taken him into this building. The blood’s leading right up to this backdoor. We have to get in and look here.”
After a few half-hearted attempts he gave up, throwing the comb aside. He grabbed his toothbrush then, starting to scrub at his teeth like a madman. He was fully aware that he was biding his time, trying to avoid going out to John, to that conversation, they both knew they were about to have.
Sherlock groaned. “I really wish you would have found a way to keep him off.”
Scott stared at him, a deep scowl on his face. “Stay out of this, I don’t need your help, ”he snapped.
Hush, hush, time tae be sleepin
He sighed and ran his hand over his mouth as he looked at the man lying beside him.
John eventually forced himself to avert his gaze to take some notes too. It wouldn’t do to miss out on the very basics of the course. If he wanted to see that kid again - hopefully, every week on Mondays during this course - he would need to do his best and keep up with Magnussen’s workload. He was sure that the malicious man would test his students regularly just because he could, and expel anyone who messed up even a little bit. With a grim smile on his lips, he swore to himself that he would study hard to keep up and eventually pass the class.
She did look nice though. Her long black hair was pulled into a high ponytail, she was dressed in a short black skirt and a red sleeveless top. Dark red lipstick accentuated her pretty mouth and John thought that she indeed looked hot. He shouldn’t be concerned with her casual intimacy, he was aiming for them to jump into bed together at the end of the evening, wasn’t he?
“It is, “Mycroft said calmly, “but I’ve learned to live with it. And you are family, after all.”
John took another large gulp of air, his breathing finally slowing down, taking the opportunity to try to catch the young man’s scent as subtle as possible. He could detect a very faint aroma that reminded him of almonds and apples and interestingly, there was a touch of lemongrass. It lacked the spicy, musky notes typical of Alphas, nor did it possess the excessive sweetness that Omegas supposedly gave off. John had never scented an Omega before but any Omega here on campus would have to be bonded and he had heard that you’d be able to detect if a person was bonded right at the first scenting. This bloke in front of him did not smell bonded. Which meant that the lad in front of him was ….
“Ugh, “he finally groaned into his phone, “You know what? I don’t need to listen to this crap. Deal with it. I’ll give you 24 hours, you know what happens if you haven’t dealt with them until then. You know the deal, I’ll call him. Yes, you’ve heard right. Him. Yeah, bye.”
Then there were the people he managed to charm into spilling the beans – he had come to the conclusion that quite a lot of people were susceptible to mindless, charming chatter, while others couldn’t fend off his on-the-nose flirting, a skill he had taught himself as soon as he had realized people seemed to …. respond to him in some way. He didn’t really understand the reasons for this peculiarity, but then again it wasn’t worth the effort thinking about it, so he simply went with it and used it for his work. As a result, many people were so overwhelmed by the simple presence of him that they ended up stuttering and stammering, eventually divulging secrets without ever having intended to do so. Sherlock just had this effect on people. Well, not on everybody, but for those that were strong-willed enough to resist his methods of persuasion he still had the police badge.
“Hello, Dr. Watson, “the man said amicably as he offered his hand, “I’m Frederic, nice to meet you.”
Something in him froze as she suddenly grabbed his face, forcing him to look at her. To his absolute horror, she then climbed up onto his lap, effectively straddling his hips. He gasped as she pushed her firm body against his and threw her arms around his shoulders, caging him in.
He checked Sherlock’s pulse and breathing approximately every thirty minutes. Both were fine, a little quick, but not too much. He checked his temperature every hour and noticed it rising slowly around two o'clock in the morning. He tried not to worry too much as he looked at the display which said 38.1. It didn’t have to automatically mean he had an infection, it was too early to tell for that. It could simply be his body’s reaction to the drug.
Sherlock swallowed heavily. His lips parted slightly, his eyes darting between John’s eyes as he tried to figure out the meaning behind John’s words.
“Yes, it seems I am. Thanks to your brother, to no one’s surprise, really. I think I owe him a gift basket, don’t you think?”
“John, apparently, I need to be examined now.” His voice sounded tired and small. “Would you …. Would you mind staying with me during?” He didn’t look at John, apparently out of embarrassment and John felt his heart go out to his friend.
“Good day, gentlemen, “Mycroft announced himself in a sober tone. “Is now a good time to come by?”
“Yes?” Sherlock’s eyes were glistening with unshed tears, and he raised his trembling hand to cover John’s where he was holding him, their hands touching in intimate, almost fearful anticipation.
“Strange that you would favour Omegas, “Victor said with a sneer. “I’d have pegged you for the type begging for an Alpha’s cock.”
Strong, determined hands reached underneath his shoulders and back and hoisted him up against the headboard with remarkable ease. Surprised, he managed to raise his head a bit and John shrugged when he caught his eye.
He only prayed Mycroft would be able to prevent that.
, John thought, irritated.
But in this case, he wasn’t dealing with facts. He was given information, true. But he didn’t know how to interpret it. Or rather, he was interpreting things but putting together all this information on John and their relationship, he was completely unable to deduce a result. It was frustrating and annoying, helplessness washed over him as he almost feverishly tried to lay down the facts.
“Have I ever lied to you?”
“I’ll be glad if you eat anything at all, so…” John indicated the sitting room, prompting him to go first.
He knew he needed John to take care of him and still he resented him for it. For being so fussy, for being so overly protective.
He let go of her hands, turned around with a dramatic sigh, and chuckled. “Oh, I just love when they are intelligent, it makes for so much more interesting cases.”
It was so obvious he couldn’t believe he hadn’t seen it before.
He let himself be taken back to his cell and he lay down on his cot, curling into a ball immediately, facing away from the door.
Greg noticed but thankfully, he didn’t say anything. He just left him space he knew his friend needed right now.
“It’s our first class this semester. You don’t want to be late for that, do you? I heard Professor Magnussen refuses to let anyone coming even a minute late take the class.”
John thought for a moment, then nodded. Sherlock didn’t seem to register the foreign hands touching him as much as before and he was proven right when Sherlock barely reacted to the man administering the blood pressure monitor to his arm. He would probably fall unconscious very soon.
No wonder he had pissed him off, probably ruining his chances of a romantic date or even just another friendly conversation forever.
Sherlock nodded weakly then, and he drained the rest of the glass, turning his head away in exhaustion as soon as he had finished.
“There you are, “John said quietly, and a tired smile crept up his lips. “I thought you’d never wake up.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but roll his eyes dramatically, a gesture he knew John was expecting because it belonged to their routine.
After pacing and fuming a little more, John suddenly stopped and looked at Greg: “Do you think they could still be in the area?”
“They’re just talking, aren’t they?”
“Yes!” Greg shouted from the other side of the table. “Our genius is staying!”
Mycroft chuckled. “That’s my brother for you. He’ll claw his way out of a hospital if he has to. He’s tired now but watch out tomorrow. He’ll fight tooth and nail to be released.”
“Tea?” She asked with a sad smile.
“It seems like it, “he admitted, his cheeks hot with embarrassment. “So. You’re happy with him?”
He sighed and closed his eyes. Soon he was drifting off again.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, but your temperature is over 39 degrees. You’re burning up. You were released only under the condition that you’d return if you developed a fever. So come on, get up.”
Panic gripped Sherlock’s body, threatening to overwhelm him completely. He didn’t want her to touch him like that. He didn’t want her to invade his space like that. The weight of her body on his seemed to suffocate him, the closeness of her flesh made his skin crawl and he felt nauseous. But he couldn’t let her see his weakness. He had to be strong, so he willed himself to put a stoic expression on his face, to not let it show how much her actions were affecting him.
Dimmock sat down in front of him and fixed him with a stern stare.
“Yes, Sherlock, you’re done, “Greg said. “But you should get yourself a lawyer, you’ll need one now.”
“Mr. Williams, was it?” Magnussen asked with a strained smile. He looked as if he tried to appear sympathetic as if he was talking to a child that didn’t understand what the adults were talking about, although his face still remained cold and distanced.
It was safe there. Calm and quiet.
John leaned forward nervously, eager to make his friend understand his good intentions. “Maybe you don’t see it. But you can’t fool me, Sherlock, I know you’re not okay and it’s totally normal to not be okay after being attacked, especially if it’s under the influence of drugs. And you …. well, you….”
Then she shifted and John’s heart stopped in his chest when he saw the familiar head with its dark, unruly curls hanging down. It was Sherlock and he looked terrible. He was cuffed to the chair, his arms spread wide. His shirt was hanging open, revealing pale naked flesh beneath, and the wound on his shoulder was without protection and bleeding. Sherlock himself seemed barely conscious. From his position, John couldn’t quite be sure, but he thought he saw blood on Sherlock’s pallid cheeks and his whole body was slumped into the chair like he couldn’t hold himself upright anymore.
John swallowed the last bite of his toast and drank the rest of his cup of tea. “Feeling bossy today, are we?” he retorted and winked at Sherlock who raised an eyebrow, clearly confused at John’s repetition of his punchline from earlier.
He processed forward, his anxiousness growing because he didn’t hear a sound and he was sure the woman was doing something to Sherlock. They had to be quick now or he would be hurt, that was obvious.
“No!”
“Hey, “he said softly as he approached the bed, “you’re all set for the night?”
Greg looked at his friend with a grin on his face. Typical John, couldn’t be without his best friend for a few minutes and he couldn’t help teasing him for it.
“Alright, John Watson. Now fuck off.”
//////////
A warm hand was placed on his shoulder. “He’s lucky to have you, John, “Greg said, squeezing lightly, you‘re a good friend.”
Around three in the morning he finally noticed his bloody knuckles. Ah yes, he had totally forgotten he had beaten up that… monster. His hand actually hurt a little bit, but he didn’t regret doing it, not at least one bit. This human piece of filth completely deserved being smashed to bloody pieces and more for what he had done to his best friend. How could anyone do that to another person? How could anyone drug somebody to make them bend to their perverted desires? Did they like having someone beneath them completely helpless, crying, trembling? How fucked-up could people be?
“John!” Mike shouted after him.
“No, Sherlock, absolutely not. I won’t have a dog in the house. It’s filthy and will only need to be taken to the veterinarian countless times. You aren’t even old enough to assume such a responsibility. Absolutely not.”
John blinked as he realized Sherlock was studying him. He wasn’t grinning like before, instead, he seemed to be brooding, his eyes flitting over John’s face at a fast pace and John groaned inwardly. Sherlock was deducing him. Or trying to, because from that slightly frustrated tightening of his mouth he didn’t seem to reach a satisfying conclusion.
Greg and Dimmock looked at each other with strange looks on their faces and it made John’s stomach churn in anxiety.
“Apparently, the woman I killed was someone important and her family pressured the prosecutor’s office to go after me.” John sounded tired and maybe even scared and Sherlock’s heart clenched as he pictured John at the police station, alone and in distress and no, he mustn’t think about that.
They were just a few meters away from the exit when a deep voice called out after him.
But then he remembered. The hidden room. There had been a hidden room that had just appeared out of nowhere the last time he had been here.
“Then why not let him take care of you for a little while? He’s a doctor and he cares for you, deeply. You even live with him, it wouldn’t be so hard to let him fuss over you for a couple of weeks, take your temperature, change your bandages, would it?”
“What an arrogant bastard, “he snarled viciously. “You fuck off. This doesn’t concern you. We can do whatever we like.”
Sherlock’s face turned red with anger. “I do what I want and I’m sick of you trying to keep me from doing it!”
As he finally somehow reached the stairs which led to the restrooms he suddenly felt a surge of dizziness overwhelm him and he couldn’t stop his body from falling down, his legs just refused to function – but just before he collided with the solid ground a firm wrist suddenly caught him, supporting his weight so he wouldn’t fall.
Now it was John’s turn to fidget nervously. “What you said there a few moments ago, about losing control being the most terrible thing that could happen to you…. Did you mean that?”
“And why are you so cheerful this morning?” he asked as he shot an accusing look at his roommate. “It’s downright annoying.”
“You can’t do that!” Sherlock protested at once. “A week is way too much, three days at the most.”
“Even as a child you managed to exasperate everyone around you.”
“Right you are, “his mates said unanimously, and John shook his head, crestfallen in his shame. He pulled out his phone and his heart shrunk when he saw that Tonya had texted him, half an hour ago.
They watched one of John’s favourite soaps and Sherlock of course couldn’t stop groaning about the according to him ‘terrible acting’, the ‘badly written dialogue’ or whatever else was wrong with the production. He was leaning forward, sitting on his heels and dipping his toast into John’s second bowl of half-eaten soup, pointing and sighing at the TV in overly dramatic fashion.
“How did he do it?” he asked curiously. “Mycroft?”
Sherlock lifted his entangled arms in helpless frustration. “It was only supposed to stay on for the night, wasn’t it? And its almost midday, why has nobody talked to us yet, where are these bloody doctors?”
He needed to act, but those missing five percent could destroy everything.
He had just barely caught a glimpse of the genius that John was, had seen a hint of his bravery and kindness when he had shot the cabbie for him.
His eyes widened when Greg approached his cell with a huge plate of fried chicken, peas, and mashed potatoes. There was also creamy mushroom soup. And strawberry cheesecake for dessert.
But just as Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut once again, the deep baritone John loved so much piped up quietly. “John? Would you hold me until I fall asleep?”
John shook a little harder. “I know you want to sleep more, and you can do that again soon, but we need you to wake up now. Can you please wake up for me?”
Sebastian just smirked at him. “No, but I’m sick of stupid whores. I’m in the mood for something different.”
John was his best friend and he had fiercely stood by his side the last couple of years but apparently, they had reached a turning point in their relationship. John was on the verge of realizing that Sherlock was not worth it. Because Sherlock was an idiot. An idiot who always put himself in danger. An idiot who was incapable of taking care of himself, who needed someone to cuddle him, feed him, tend to his wounds he so foolishly got because of his repeated stupidity.
“Goodnight, John, “Sherlock said again, this time with a strong voice.
The fresh air hit them as soon as they stepped out and John was thankful because they had drunken four or five glasses of beer and they had been a little drunk. Now, though, he felt completely sober. Fear for Sherlock seized him and cleared his body from all the effects the alcohol had had on him. They had to hurry and find Sherlock.
It had probably to do with John being a doctor. He always needed to make sure he was okay and touching him, feeling his throbbing pulse underneath his fingers was probably the best way to do it.
“I’ll fuck you so hard you won’t be able to sit for days.”
“Yes, alright. What do you want?”
“Yes, love?”
He turned to Mycroft who meanwhile had stood up and approached him with a curious expression on his face.
He listened for sounds from Sherlock’s bedroom, but everything was quiet. Apparently, Sherlock was sleeping. Or he was in his mind palace where he wouldn’t make any sounds either, sitting statue-like in silent deduction mode. Frozen, but within, his mind would be alive like a whirring hive of bees, working and analysing without pausing to rest.
They were supposed to go out together, going out with a bang, if it had to happen at all. The two of them together, against the rest of the world.
“What?” I didn’t know that!” John stopped in his tracks, and stared at her, truly aghast. “That is so unfair! How can the government allow all this?”
“Great. That’s just great.” Sherlock groaned, and he tried to raise his head, a mistake, he realized quickly. The pounding inside his head increased tenfold and vertigo got a brutal grip on him, blackness creeping in on the edges of his vision.
Of course, there was Mycroft. He was a constant presence in his life, one that he tried to ignore most of the time because nobody could rattle him like his overbearing older brother. To be fair, Mycroft protected him from harm, if there was a need and he had pulled Sherlock out of dangerous situations more times than he could count - but Sherlock knew he did it because Mycroft needed him. Because of the government work, Sherlock needed to do for him. So no, that was not the same. Mycroft needed him and therefore protected him. Maybe there was some additional obligation due to them being brothers, sharing the same blood as well as some distant childhood memories, that played a part too.
“That’s ridiculous.”
“I swear, Williams, “Magnussen said, his voice dangerously low now, “I’m really getting fed up with you and your inappropriate behaviour. If you think you can just step in here and wreak havoc as if..”
“Suck it like the good little whore that you are.”
“I’ll be out for a minute, Sherlock, “John said but Sherlock just nodded absently.
John opened and closed his mouth again, feeling like a fool. “Y-you do?” he finally asked.
John nodded at Greg who nodded back and scooted to the other side of the room, gun raised. Now with both sides covered, they slowly proceeded forward, as the voices were growing louder.
Sherlock’s skin felt warm and soft beneath his fingers and John suppressed the urge to pull Sherlock up into his arms, against his chest where he could feel his heart beating against his. To feel that he was alive and well, here with him.
“Dr. Watson, “he said with a dramatic sigh, “I cannot believe I have to explain this to you, but apparently, it’s unavoidable. Sherlock cares about you being here. In fact, he is utterly devastated.”
“Why did you do it?” he asked again, nearly wincing at the sudden urgency in his tone. It almost sounded like a plea and that would simply not do.
It all happened very fast then. The woman collapsed to the ground, her hands clutching at the bleeding wound in the side of her throat, two seconds later another shot rang through the room and John realized with sudden terror that there was another person in the room whom they hadn’t seen before because he had been hidden away from sight by the wall.
Sherlock was inclined to let him speak, the anger within him simmering down enough now that he had a minute to breathe: sensing that he had allowed his temper to get the better of him he realized that it would be a good thing to calm down and speak reasonably with the Alpha. But then he caught the eye of Victor Trevor, walking down the corridor next to Sebastian Wilkes. The tall Alpha smirked as soon as he saw Sherlock looking at him and he pointedly glanced him up and down as he passed the three of them by, a condescending huff leaving his lips, dismissing them with an air of disgust. This immediately caused Sherlock’s stomach to twist in renewed ire and the words tumbled out of his mouth before he could stop himself, cutting John off just as he was about to speak.
“Come with me, sweetheart, “the deep voice said against his ear, “I promise you a good time.”
“He is.” Greg looked a little shy and John laughed.
“You still owe me an explanation, “he insisted, staring into John Watson’s eyes as he waited for his answer. He needed to know, he must know why the other man had stepped in to help him.
“Yes, but I think they have just given you something for it, haven’t they?”
The water washed all the exhaustion and tension down the drain, leaving him stronger and refreshed, if not still a little shaking in the knees, forcing him to hold on to the wall for support.
“We are not a couple!”
Sherlock bit his lip in frustration which John again found irritatingly endearing. He pushed the cup of tea towards him. “Here, drink it, it will do you good.”
As strange as it had been to admit to himself, he was practically living in a sort of relationship with his best friend – completely platonic of course. The amount of time they spent together, the jokes they shared, their almost creepy telepathic capability to read each other’s minds… their chemistry was something special and he wouldn’t miss it for the world. The truth was he loved working with Sherlock, he loved being his best friend and he was happy they had met.
Greg cheered even louder but John stood up and leaned into Sherlock’s space cautiously. “Are you alright, Sherlock?” he shouted into his ear. “You never admit when you’re tired, so….” And he looked at Sherlock with his typical worried doctor-face, all the laughter gone from his face. Sherlock’s heart warmed at once and he nodded quickly, a simple motion which made him a little dizzy somehow.
To everyone’s amazement, the professor chuckled then, a smile that did not reach his eyes spreading out on his thin lips. His eyebrows arched condescendingly and he shook his head, just a little, as if amazed at the display of ignorance he was facing.
Greg appeared at the door with an anxious look on his face. “How is he, John? How was the examination, did he agree to do it?”
He liked being alone.
Carefully, slowly, he crept through the grass to search for the voice’s origin. It was a male voice, deep and husky. He couldn’t make out the words the voice said so he continued going until he found himself in front of a row of thick, thorny bushes.
John smiled despite himself. “I should be. But considering the circumstances, I think I forgive you. We’ll have to talk about your coping mechanisms though, but that can wait for later.”
He had thought about approaching Scott before class, trying to catch him before he entered the lecture hall, but had abandoned that idea quickly. He didn’t want Scott to feel cornered or ambushed and thought the Beta would feel better if John spoke to him in the safety of the lecture hall, surrounded by other students, where John would not dare touch him again. Not that John would do so again, but Scott didn’t know that.
“You very rarely are, Sherlock, but as your doctor, I insist.” John’s look was strict as if he were talking to a little child. Sherlock pouted a little, then he shrugged.
John chuckled, the wonderful sound of it causing Sherlock’s heart to flutter in his chest and he huffed, surprised at the unexpected feeling of tenderness.
With another heavy sigh he pushed himself away from the sink and returned to Sherlock’s bedroom. It was time for another look at his friend’s vitals. There were still a few hours until dawn. Sherlock would sleep at least until morning, maybe longer. He had said he had experience with roofies and it was at least a bit true: he had treated one or two patients who had been subjected to them, but he had never held vigil over a victim he personally knew so he didn’t know exactly how long they would sleep. Drugs like that stayed in the victim’s system for 12-24 hours usually, 72 hours the most, depending on which drug had been administered. But every person reacted a little differently, according to body weight and height, etc.
When the nurse asked Sherlock to open his mouth so she could swab his mouth Sherlock shook his head. “I already brushed my teeth, “he said matter-of-factly. “That’s unfortunate, “she said with a frown, but he just shrugged.
Sherlock looked as if he didn’t understand and John shook his head, as he looked towards the window, his jaw clenched hard, his blue eyes suddenly tinged with sorrow.
“Well, I guess, “he said, trying to sound neutral. He beckoned to Mycroft to follow him and quietly they walked over to Sherlock’s bedroom. John opened the door slowly and his heart ached all over again when he saw Sherlock lying completely still in his bed on his back, his chest rising steadily up and down in his sleep. Mrs. Hudson was just patting his forehead with a fresh wet cloth and he could see her hands were trembling. She was obviously distressed.
He winced at the acerbic tone in his voice.
John was just musing over the idea of suggesting going to counselling sessions again – now that Sherlock was in such a good mood again – when Sherlock suddenly jolted up from his chair, his eyes widening in sudden revelation.
“I’m sorry, “he repeated, and Sherlock hesitated, apparently uncertain if he really meant it or was just trying to appease him when another knock at the door made them all look up again.
He gave him his antibiotics which Sherlock took without complaint and then they agreed to go to bed.
“John! There you are!”
“Of course. Thank you.” John nodded politely, but internally he bristled at her cool demeanour. It didn’t seem to faze her at all to speak of possible dangerous infections Sherlock might have caught when he was right next to her.
John holding Sherlock in his arms on a damp meadow in St. Edward’s Park. John cradling Sherlock against his chest on the ground of a dirty attic in a dirty warehouse somewhere in London.
John banged his fist on the table and jumped out of his chair, causing Sherlock to stare up at him with wide eyes, shocked at John’s sudden outburst.
Redbeard had always stood by his side. If only he had lived longer.
It was time to stop all this fussing and fretting.
He reached down once more to stroke over Sherlock’s mop of dark curls with a slightly trembling hand. He just wanted him to be okay, how could his friend not see that?
“No.”
John shrugged. He didn’t care.
Sherlock grimaced. “I can’t recall but my friend John here assures me he hasn’t.”
“Oh, yes, that would be wonderful, yes.” John was surprised at her thoughtfulness.
“So how long do you intend to stay here?” Sherlock asked, trying for once not to sound annoyed. “You’ll leave as soon as John’s back, right?”
“So, Frederic? How’s Sherlock been?”
Dr. Stevens didn’t seem unnerved by John’s abrupt question. He was probably used to it. “Mr. Holmes needed six stitches on his skull. We’ve also done a CT scan, luckily there’s no swelling or bleeding in the brain, as far as we can tell. The blow to his head was quite substantial though, he’s got a nasty concussion.”
When he had unsurprisingly answered all three questions without fail he was taken aback by the strange glimmer in the pale eyes of the Professor: there was a little bit of disappointment, something that Sherlock had expected from the cruel man who obviously liked to see his students suffer and fail in their endeavors. But there was also something else: excitement, barely concealed underneath a layer of hard-faced sternness, and that Sherlock, for the life of him could not understand.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered in reply to his question, and he swallowed heavily. “It’s just that…..I can’t believe we just kissed.”
Sherlock scowled at him for another moment and when John did not move a muscle, he then snatched the toast out of John’s hand. “Fine!”
The nurse seemed close to slapping him and John decided to step in at once.
“Give me a chance, “John said quietly but firmly, the hint of a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth, “I know now you’re even cleverer than I thought. It only makes me want to get to know you more. You seem to know all about me, but I know almost nothing about you. Come on. What do you say?”
He could hear two voices, one male and the other female. They were talking to each other, but he couldn’t make out the words, the door was too thick.
There was another aspect, one he didn’t consider before: John’s anger.
As he took some photographs of the most important documents the initial excitement of breaking into a building, sneaking around, and finding the necessary clues wore off. In the end, it had been too easy, this had been no challenge to him at all. Why couldn’t criminals make some effort to hide their secrets better? Then at least taking them down would provide him with some fun. But the really good cases turned up so rarely, they only came in once every three or four months, so he should have known this wouldn’t be difficult for him to solve. Oh well, at least this had given him the opportunity of getting away from John and all his mother-henning.
“Same, “Sherlock agreed although he felt a little stupid repeating it, “great night.” And he chugged down the rest of his drink if only to make his friends cheer at him even louder.
“Right.” Greg got up and followed Mycroft to the door, then he seemed to have a thought, turning to Sherlock again.
The murderer had just got rid of his second body when Sherlock suddenly jumped up from the couch. “John, I need to go down to Mrs. Hudson’s for a second. She wanted to give me one of her pig billows, the ones that are good for the back, and I’d really like to get it before I go to bed tonight, I think I’ll sleep better with it.”
Jack’s face turned red. “But….”
But then it all went wrong.
“But what about your attacker, do you want him to go free?” John asked desperately.
From somewhere nearby he could hear loud sirens approaching quickly and he thought that was a good thing because If Sherlock were to recover, he would need to get to the hospital and fast.
“Headache?” John asked sympathetically and Sherlock simply nodded.
John met his gaze steadily. “Oh, but I do.”
John was completely out of his depths. “I – yes, he’s sick of me fussing over him, meddling with his life and also of me yelling at him. That’s why he doesn’t care that I’m here. I cannot really blame him, can I?”
“Yes, I know, “Sherlock sneered at him, viciously, “I’ve always been nothing more than a nuisance, haven’t I? So bothersome, so why dear brother, why do you trouble yourself with watching over me, spying on me? It must be so tedious, having to clean up after me, apologizing to everyone I have insulted.”
She laughed when she saw how uncomfortable she made him and she continued, her mouth wandering downwards.
Warning: light swearing as well as (mild, verbal) sexual harassment
“I would have known about the case even without the sirens, Lestrade and you know it, “came Sherlock’s cool comment from the background and both men rolled their eyes at each other. Of course, Sherlock was able to simultaneously disassemble the crime scene in front of him and be aware of the conversation around him, too. Hardly anything was missed by the young detective.
Quickly, Sherlock responded like he usually did with Mycroft: he rolled his eyes dramatically and scoffed. “Yes, of course, everything’s alright, Mycroft, why wouldn’t it be?”
“Alright. Two hours it is then.” Mycroft smiled slightly as if he had won a battle.
“Wait!”
Rounding the corner, his eyes frantically searching for the broad-shouldered Alpha who had already left, Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat when he spotted him, at the far end of the corridor.
John was back, putting a glass of water onto the bedside table, his brow furrowed as he took in the tense way Sherlock’s body was curled into itself, his grimace of pain as he tried to breathe through the pain.
He couldn’t resist. He leaned forward until their faces were on the verge of touching and made sure his eyes were focussed on hers. “Because you were simply so dumb and gave me the opportunity, “he spat out. “You had a man killed. You’re shipping people into this country in order to enslave them, force them into prostitution.”
Mummy had been adamant, and he had hated her for it.
Back at the flat, Sherlock was still pouting. He let John fuss about him, check his shoulder, clean and bandage it once again without any complaint but as soon as John was finished he retreated onto the couch with his laptop, probably already planning to contact Lestrade.
Greg thought for a moment. “Well, yes could be. We don’t really know Sherlock’s been kidnapped, maybe he was just robbed. They could still be nearby.”
A pang of nervousness hit John’s body and he flexed his hands for a moment, breathing slowly, to gather himself. “Yeah. Sherlock. Let’s see if he’s still inside and get him out before he runs into trouble.”
But now his utterly confused mind struggled to cope with the deduction that he was still in the clutches of this strange, creepy bloke who was whisking him away. While he, Sherlock, apparently was completely unable to do anything about it.
“Sherlock, calm down.” John was really sorry for his words and he wanted him to know that. When he reached out to him, Sherlock recoiled at once and John stopped his movement, wincing in regret. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.” Sherlock glared at him and John just wanted to reach out, stroke his cheek, and tell him everything was gonna be alright and that he was so sorry that he had hurt him, he just wanted him to take him in his arms and hold him tight so he wouldn’t have that hurt look in his face anymore.
“N-no, p-pleeeease …. s-stooop.”
“Yeah, yeah, sure. I just want to get this done as fast as possible.”
“I- I don’t know what to say, Mycroft, “he said hastily. “I guess thanks are in order.”
“You seem like you’re quite upset about it, “John Watson said slowly, his voice annoyingly calm. “Why?”
“Well, could you tell me at least how he is?” she asked, moving on.
“Yes, well that was stupid of me and I will make sure it won’t happen again, “John replied through gritted teeth. Then, softer: “Please, Mycroft, I’m asking you nicely.”
“No, Sherlock, “he murmured as his hand reached out to cup his face fondly, rubbing his thumb against his cheekbone, “none of that now. You’ve only woken up and I see you’re already worrying about things. Don’t. We’ll figure everything out. Together, yeah?”
“I’m sorry that things between us have become so … complicated. I only ever wanted to get to know you because you were so interesting and clever and ...different. But I made mistakes and I see that because of that you can’t trust me so...let’s just stay out of each other’s way, alright? I think it’s better this way.”
“You think so?” Scott seemed surprised which in turn surprised John because how could Scott not have realized how brilliant he had been, how he had left every student in that class in awe of his obvious superior knowledge, but also the level of confidence with which he had proven it. Magnussen had a certain reputation on this campus and this smooth-skinned fresher had somehow managed to embarrass him in front of everybody.
“I said sit down!” Magnussen thundered and Scott flinched visibly. Magnussen’s cold blue eyes pierced into the young student who stared back at him and John could see his thin shoulders heaving, could hear the rapid, shallow breaths coming from his mouth. The scent of burned apples was even stronger now and he could not deny that it affected him.
“I’d like to take him home. I can take care of him there.”
“How do you feel? Apart from the headache I mean.” John’s soft voice was an anchor to reality, a beacon in the exhausting chaos of pain and weariness that was trying to push him down. Sherlock gathered his strength and angled his body towards that voice somewhere above him, drawn to its tempting perfection. He didn’t care if he seemed needy.
“Come on, let’s go.”
“Hmmm.” Sherlock smiled, then he coughed violently, and John’s hand shot out at once, steading him by the shoulder. “Okay, that’s enough. Don’t speak. You need to save your energy.” His hand wandered to this face – his beautiful, almost ethereal face – and he stroked his cheekbone with his thumb.
John didn’t know what to say. He couldn’t tell her what had happened, it simply wasn’t his place to tell. It would be up to Sherlock to tell her or anyone really, what had happened, it was his choice, not John’s.
“Yes, you’ve done it again, “John clapped him on the back, “congratulations, oh master detective.”  And he bowed his head together with a theatrical hand wave, snickering to himself.
“Right.” She continued her story and he was soon gone again.
Because surely John didn’t deserve losing his life over what he had done for Sherlock. To save his stupid idiotic arse because Sherlock was too stupid to change. To not be himself.
“Yeah, alright, “Mike gave in with a smile. “But we’ll go home at midnight and if you want me to look out for you you need to listen to me when I tell you to stop drinking.”
“I’ve got to admit, you’re the first Omega I’m meeting in person. How old are you, may I ask? Are you studying here on campus? What does your mate think about it? Are they not here?”
Sherlock looked appalled. “But….”
John looked up, oddly calm for a change, although he couldn’t fathom why. He felt terribly tired all of a sudden. “It’s alright, Greg, “he said with a sad smile. “You’re only doing your job.”
But not about everything.
But it gave me an opportunity to concentrate on Mycroft for a change, that was fun to write :) On John, too, of course, bless him.
John smiled back. “Anytime.”
“I’m sorry,” John asked in disbelief. “I thought it was obvious, “he couldn’t stop himself saying, repeating Scott’s phrase from earlier. Scott actually looked up at that, a spark of approval flashing in his eyes, before he shook his head, looking disappointed.
John swallowed once more as he turned onto his side again.
There was a heavy sigh at the other end of the line. “Yes, there has been some mishap in that matter. Apparently, one of my men worked two jobs without permission and has been so tired he slept in the car when my brother slipped out. He’s been let go, naturally.”
“It’s okay, he’s my friend, “it continued, this time apparently directed at the friendly waiter bloke.
He wiped the remaining sweat from Sherlock’s face and laid a cool wet cloth on his forehead. Even if he wasn’t conscious, maybe it would help him sleep more peacefully.
Mrs. Hudson looked at him and then at Greg, appalled. “Drugged? Dear Lord, why?”
His voice had gotten louder and more heated with every word, whereas John Watson’s eyes grew wider with every word being spat in his face. But before Sherlock could continue his verbal onslaught, he was interrupted by the very target of his aggression, unexpectedly pushing forward right into his personal space.
“Alright, “he conceded with an exaggerated sigh, “if you insist. But I’ll leave when I want to.”
Finally, the professor seemed satisfied and he turned back towards his desk, presumably to resume his lecture. But then his eyes fell on the blue-eyed student in the front and something flashed in his eyes. John watched nervously as the professor approached the young man, fixing him with a curious glance as the student looked at him with fire in his eyes. It was obvious he was seething with anger, barely controlling himself as he stared at the professor, his pale eyes burning with disgust and John clenched his fists helplessly at the sight of him. Was the lad mad? Did he not see that his reaction was turning Magnussen’s attention onto him?
Where was our fine Highland mettle,
Just now Mycroft was taking another step forward, using his height advantage to tower over Sherlock, in a blatant attempt to intimidate him. “And why, dear brother mine, “he said in his smooth but menacing voice, “don’t you think it necessary after having been sexually assaulted which is officially the necessary requirement for a rape kit to get done?” Sherlock winced at his direct words, but he didn’t draw back. The tension between them was palpable and for a few seconds nobody said anything.
And he turned and walked away. John watched him as he disappeared into his bedroom and closed the door behind him. He was left behind with a strange, unpleasant feeling in his stomach, gnawing at him from the inside. He felt empty and helpless and he wanted to do things about it but he didn’t know how.
“Sherlock! Sherlock, can you hear me?”
This wasn’t helping in regards to his confusion about John. He therefore pushed the unpleasant memory away, irritated, because he thought he had deleted that.
“Wait, “he called out, forcing himself to remain where he was.
Scott scoffed. “It only explains his dedication to the project. It doesn’t affect his scientific abilities.”
He was coherent enough to realize that something was wrong with his transport. He was certain that he had been okay when he had retired to bed. Tired but fine, apart from the still noticeable wounds inflicted upon his body, mostly his throbbing shoulder and his concussed skull, reminders of unpleasant events of the past. But he had already gotten used to them, they didn’t bother him anymore.
“You’re an idiot and that’s why you’ve been hurt so much in the past and the reason you will keep getting hurt in the future. You just can’t keep yourself from being yourself and someday it will kill you, Sherlock! See where your bloody mouth gets you then!”
“Yes, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked without looking up from his phone.
“Talking about a stick up the arse, “John muttered drily, and Mike next to him snickered behind a fist to his mouth.
“There’s one more thing that’s important now.” Mycroft wandered through the living room as he swirled his umbrella playfully. “I understand your need to treat him here. I think it was a good idea, I wouldn’t have helped you if I didn’t.” Cue a slightly accusatory glance in John’s direction. John didn’t even blink.
almost as young as he looked.
“What?!” John stared at him as if he had gone insane.
“It’s really not that bad, Sherlock, “he said after the first few bites. “You’ve got to admit it.”
The students all took to their assigned workplaces and started to pair off. John reluctantly shuffled over to Workplace 4 as well, nodding gratefully when a blonde Beta he vaguely recognized as Mason Umbridge stepped forward to ask him if they wanted to be partners. He frowned when he saw Victor and Alpha standing a little bit away from them, smirking first at him arrogantly before they turned to fix Scott with an almost hungry stare. Scott was ignoring all of them as he found his place at the table with a bored expression on his face, automatically being paired off with the last student of the group, a tall Beta girl named Samantha Tonks.
Sherlock’s eyes sparkled as he glared at John. “I will not.”
Here was a textbook Alpha, handsome, popular, good prospects - and how did he behave? Like an animal, only interested in fulfilling his urges, inconsiderate of anyone else’s feelings he might hurt in the process.
John leaned forward and nudged his friend in the side playfully. “Come on, oh master detective, allow yourself some fun for a change, hm?”
“Did you make up a little game, how to belittle the young Beta you couldn’t impress beforehand? How to make him fall for you so he would agree to go out with you after all?”
John sighed with relief.
But it was not the same devotion as John’s. John truly cared for him and since he had somehow ended up working as Sherlock’s partner, he had been there for him unconditionally. He had shot a man for him on the very first day they had met. He had jumped Moriarty on that day at the swimming pool, ready to sacrifice himself for Sherlock. Sherlock had been deeply touched by that act and the bond between them had been sealed on that day if it hadn’t been already before. He couldn’t imagine a life without John anymore, they were the perfect team, best friends solving crimes together.
John stared at him for a moment. “Yes, Mycroft, thank God, it was just sexual assault.”
John couldn’t wait any longer, he turned and jogged down the street. Even if they didn’t find Sherlock maybe they would find clues as to where to find him or who had taken him. He barely noticed Greg joining him at his side and together they wandered down the street, looking right and left as well as on the ground. Maybe they’d find a button from Sherlock’s coat or his scarf or maybe…
On a whim, he took a look at his reflection in the mirror for a long time, although he had to force himself to do it.
They were asked to clean everything up shortly afterwards. John saw that Scott was stealing a glance at him every now and then and he resisted the urge to smile into the collar of his coat at the unexpected but very welcome attention. Instead, he cleaned up their table with a neutral expression on his face, and when the bell rang, Magnussen asking them to leave, he grabbed his bag and walked straight out the laboratory, Mike hurrying to take his place at his side.
John nodded quickly and Lestrade cheered joyfully. They hadn’t done such a thing ever and it would be fun to just be colleagues slash friends and have a good time. Not concentrate on solving complicated riddles, but just relax for a change. And John would really like to relax and for Sherlock to do so, too.
“John.” Greg sounded exhausted. “Phone call for you.”
“Do you need anything? Is he really staying at the hospital?”
