Mycroft gave him the saddest smile he had ever seen. “I know you would not hurt him. Because I know how you feel about him. How he feels about you. And how impossible that is for you both.”
“But still. You’re an om – only parent,” Sherlock plunged awkwardly onwards, “and it’s not fair to expect you to… I mean, carrying bags alone on the most basic level…”
“It’s only a week,” John went around the bed and sat next to his mate, taking his hand. “What did you have planned?”
Sherlock was in his final year at Uni, but had already written his dissertation, and so had plenty of free time to spend with John in his two weeks off.
“A bit,” John took his medicine. “I joined the army to get away from the world. Or my world as it was when I was eighteen. Not many opportunities for a teenager with no money and no support. The military just seemed obvious. I wasn’t expecting to actually like it, and when I got into my degree as well... honestly, it was like someone had turned around and given me the world. I’d had nothing before. I guess I’m scared of ending up with nothing again.”
They went into the lounge, where Sherlock was propped up on cushions on the sofa, another cushion held over his chest with his folded arms. He was staring sulkily at something on the television, but looked up and brightened as he saw John.
Sebastian took a few steps towards John. “His legs are gone,” he commented. “He’s starting to stink.”
to say,” Sherlock brushed at his eyes. “I don’t know what I feel. I mean, I like you, and I like kissing you, and…”
“God, were you out there long?” The man came over, looking concerned. “Head between your legs, mate.”
It was dark, and gloomy, and warm, and the two boys got the giggles again as they sat close together, watching the house activity through the window John had cut out. Boxes were being opened, windows put on the latch to air out the rooms, and Sherlock’s house looked very still, beside it.
“Then, it seems to me that the matter is settled,” Justice Graves picked up a pen, and signed something. “Legal custody of Omega John Hamish Watson is hereby passed to William Sherlock Scott Holmes, until John is eighteen, or otherwise legally emancipated.” She banged her gavel. “Good morning.”
John pouted, then put a hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck, pulling him down for a kiss. Sherlock responded smoothly, leaning over John so the omega had to roll onto his back, the alpha half over him, one leg moving over one of his own.
“Shit,” he hissed, as the gown was removed. “That’s a scar. Shit…” he went to touch the wound, then stopped short. “Shit, that’s really big. Was she transverse?”
“And Eurus could easily refuse to take Siger to court,” Mycroft added. “She’s been almost entirely brainwashed –”
Sherlock moved his head to see John standing over him, pen-knife in one hand, bottle of coke in the other.
Sherlock dropped his head to the crook of John's neck, breathing in his scent. The blood rushing through the man’s blood-vessels, the liquid that would keep Sherlock alive, make him strong, make John a part of him forever…
“Well, if it helps, you look great,” Sherlock lied as John’s jumper rode up and his stretch-marked belly slid into view.
“I can’t say, but wherever he ends up, our team will be with him,” John said, careful of Sherlock’s privacy. He looked down at him, at how small and pale he looked, so worn out from thinking, and yet clearly high on the enjoyment of doing it.
“Flatmates.” John swallowed. If Sherlock had been in doubt before, this small, silent, panic would have confirmed it. Omega, moving in with an alpha? It wasn’t done. It was never done. Stamford didn’t know John’s gender, that was the only explanation. He would never have suggested, otherwise...
John opened a new browser window and started looking into local private schools. He was going to do right by Sherlock, at least. He could do that much, whilst the omega was in his care. And if they never ended up… as mates… at least Sherlock wouldn’t have spent years of his life in pain and misery. He could get an education and qualifications, and friends.
"You're letting me lead?” John murmured, leaning up to kiss Sherlock's throat as his hand slipped into Sherlock's pants, and gripped his cock.
John sniffed. “Right.” He grabbed the spoons and cutlery off the side. “I’ll do the table, then.” He brushed past Sherlock without looking at him, and dumped the utensils on the table-top.
John yawned as he got to his office the day after next. There’d been a Halloween party at the student dorms the night before, and there was orange and black confetti all over the campus. He unlocked his door, then stopped, frozen in the doorway.
John’s heart gave an ache. “Me too…” he looked at Sherlock’s hand, longing to take it, to press the palm to his lips, his face, his belly… He tore his eyes away. “See you tomorrow, Sherlock.”
John sat back in his office chair. This William Holmes had the arrogance of an alpha, but judging by his photo he lacked the thickness of body and musculature that might have accompanied such a status. Still, maybe he was an alpha with a low level of testosterone. That would explain why he was still unpresented.
John grit his teeth. "That's... he thinks we've got some sort of dom-sub think going on. Which is just ridiculous. He hasn't the faintest idea what that should entail aside from watching bad porn. But you heard him. He thinks he owns me. He really fucking doesn't."
“Aside from medical staff? Probably not. They never acted like it, and I never heard any gossip. You were just you. It wasn’t like people didn’t fancy you, but you never seemed interested.”
“You…” he paused, hand on the brickwork beside him, looking up at the derelict block of flats at the end of the alleyway. This was where he had him then.
Sherlock gave the sore-looking nipple a final kiss before moving back up the bed to kiss John’s mouth again. John responded, gripping Sherlock’s hips suddenly as he felt a hardness not unlike his own press into his thigh. John let out a shaky breath.
John couldn’t survive on just love. Love, and domesticity, and heats and children before he was twenty. He needed academic stimulation – he got very high marks at school – and he needed to be able to help people. It was what he had always wanted.
The guard frowned. “Sorry, I don’t… let me check the rooms,” he went over to his computer. Sherlock folded his arms.
Sherlock’s pale eyes flickered over John’s face. He sighed, and shifted on the mattress, and a cold scent of skin and wash-powder came from his pyjamas. “You know I’d rather be playing with you.”
John didn't answer- he couldn't, as it happened. The shower overhead thrashed down water, spraying off James' body straight into John's face, adding to the lack of air he had access to as it was.
“That’s nice to know,” John smiled, leaning in for a quick scenting of Sherlock’s jaw hinge. “Though, you do realise, I only have eyes for you.” He kissed him.
“You’re the good cop, I take it?” Sherlock let himself be led into an interview room. It smelled of coffee.
Sherlock looked at John, his eyes narrowed. He suddenly looked frightening, again, though the look dropped as he spoke. "We can go back to our bunk, now. For tonight, I'll do some more research from my laptop. Tomorrow I'll begin my questioning."
“That’s sailors,” John pushed his plate away. “And no.” His stomach suddenly felt weird and swimmy. He put a hand to the side of his right hip.
Sherlock raised his head, and at the same time splayed his fingers so John’s fell between them. “I had no idea how much letting you go would hurt me.”
“God, you’re amazing,” John pulled him down for a kiss by his shirt front, forgetting to not touch in his orgasmic haze.
Except… there was more to John than just his gender. He was quite guarded, whenever Sherlock asked about, or deduced without asking, his past. Army doctor was as far as they’d got. One older sibling. One gunshot wound to the shoulder. Sherlock had also caught a glimpse of the scars on John’s arms, when he rolled his sleeves up to do the dishes. Sherlock didn’t recognise what the scars might be from – they were layered, and ridged, and curved as though the wound had been repeatedly torn open. He suspected John wouldn’t be pleased if he asked about them, though, so he filed the question away for later.
. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m...” He wanted to say Fine. He really did. But it was over, now, and that was it. It was never going to happen again. “I’m...”
Mycroft was emptying the fridge, tipping foil-wrapped leftovers and turkey sandwiches into the bin when John came in, yawning in his new pyjamas. It was New Year’s Eve, and John had slept in, with a mind to stay up for the chimes at midnight.
John stared at the last message, feeling his face prickle with heat, before stuffing his phone away, and trying his best to fall asleep before dawn broke.
A gust of static told him Mycroft was sighing. “I have no idea. Your arrangement stands legally until Sherlock is claimed by another, or you claim another omega. Mister Trevor is not yet mature and incapable of biting Sherlock to force a bond with him, and yet they are determined to… make this work, I believe was their choice of words. I’m sorry to say, John, that Sherlock does not believe your feelings towards him are genuine. He believes your desire for him was motived entirely by your rut. He claims you showed no desire for him before that moment.”
John gasped, his entire being seeming to catch on fire as it realised what he’d been missing. The skin contact with his baby – what he hadn’t had yet – seemed so overwhelming he could only put his hands over the t-shirt-covered lump and try not to faint as she moved about on him.
Sherlock never mentioned John’s 6pm tablet alarm on his phone, though Mycroft had raised an eyebrow at it. Mycroft had been very quiet around John since the omega’s heat. John had apologised for the cricket bat, and Mycroft’s bruises had almost entirely vanished, but something had shifted in their relationship – they were both ashamed of their actions.
“No!” John glared, hormones controlling the conversation for him. “I don’t need you bloody babying me, alright?”
“I don’t know if he’s waiting for me in any sense,” John admitted, and realised he’d voiced one of his own worries without really meaning to. He reached for his bag. “I should get going, anyway.”
John grabbed his keys off the side, and put them into his pocket. In his baggy knitwear he looked less pregnant, and Sherlock wondered if it was deliberate. “What’re your plans for the evening?”
“You get bored just as easily,” Mycroft said from the sofa. “Perhaps he simply exhausted all the ideas he had.”
“Ok, first of all, that’s not how heats work,” John said. “You’d feel tired and ill before your scent changed, and you’d eat a lot, use the bathroom more… There’d be clear signs. Did no one tell you this?”
His dad sighed. ‘I saw the letter. Congratulations, by the way. You must have impressed them at school, that college is usually… well, it’s usually for the upper classes, put it that way. Private school nobs, you know?’
John suspected he was being insulted a little, but decided not to read into it. “You want me to come and look at a murder?”
“I think I’ll get the boys home,” he said, standing up. “Since it looks like you’re settling for the night?”
“Ok, I’ll have to get you enrolled somewhere.” John took a drink of his tea, then looked at Sherlock, who was gripping the sofa seat. “Are you ok?”
“Oh, fuck,” John moaned, gripping Sherlock’s shoulders hard as the moderately thicker tentacle pressed within him. He forced himself to bear down, to take it inside, but Sherlock was kind – he kept his tentacle slender as it pushed inside – deeper than John thought possible, until it stopped, apparently gone far enough. John looked into Sherlock’s face. The siren was looking at him in wonder as John caught his breath, his spread-open arse stuffed full of a hectocotylus that was gently throbbing and pulsing, unable to ever be still.
John wondered if he needed to feed. Then quickly pushed the thought away. Sherlock was surrounded by people. Hot, sweating, freshly-washed people. The vampire obviously had amazing self-control. John glanced at the rest of the mess hall. Anyone who wasn't making a big deal about avoiding looking in Sherlock's direction was throwing him fearful glances.
“You don’t have to be scared,” Davis said. “We’re not going to hurt you. We know this stuff is shit. You stay away from it.”
It was so natural, to be this close to him. Sherlock’s chest was still sore, but the wound had closed up neatly, and his stitches had been removed. The day after they were taken out, Sherlock had been horribly dysphoric, and John and Mycroft had stayed up with him all night as he cried and shook and hid in his duvet because they wouldn’t let him go to the bathroom unaccompanied. He was better the next day, when his new antidepressants kicked in again, and John sat on the side and watched him shave his face, even though he barely needed to. John understood that. It was a masculine action he had control over.
John kept up his attentions on Sherlock’s chest and neck, sliding a hand down to the young man’s trousers, and undoing the catch on his belt.
“Bullshit. You’re not drinking, you’re in pain as you eat, and you look like you’ve just realised you’re at death’s door. What’re you not telling me?” Greg leaned an elbow on John’s seat. “John. As a mate. What’s going on?”
“Oh, ok,” Sholto offered him a water bottle, and John drained what was left in it. “So… you live with your dad, or?”
John watched with interest as the vampire strolled beside him, through the desert sun, without a flinch. The old stories – back before the war - used to say they were combustible in mere sunlight. Not true. They were very UV-sensitive, but as long as they got into the shade fairly quickly they would heal from any sun damage instantly. And even prolonged sun exposure wouldn’t kill them They couldn't be stabbed, or shot, or blown up. The only thing they were vulnerable to was fire. Fire, and old methods lost through time. You’d have one shot.
“Well, he’s not kicked me out of the flat,” John said, avoiding mentioning the kiss. “Sherlock,” he called, “what’s the relationship between the two deceased?” He left Molly at her table, and walked back over to the crime scene. He’d expected a little more support from his fellow omega, but the wounded views of society ran deep. Molly was in her late twenties, and un-bonded. She had enough stigma to deal with. She didn’t need to carry John’s problems as well.
John clamped a lid down on that thought. Whatever his own mind, there was the law to consider. Omegas could not, legally, be raped, except in exceptional circumstances – such as their mate saying no if another alpha tried to get at them. In all other instances, it was either not reported, or not taken seriously. What omega would walk away from an alpha who wanted them? What omega would fight, and refuse, and have their arms torn to shreds as they defended themselves from a bite and a bond they had not asked for, and did not want?
“Stop telling me what to do!” Sherlock slammed the carton on the side, orange erupting from the box. “Just leave me alone, you’re not my dad.”
As the elevator door slid together, the more eagle-eyed of the nurses saw the omega be picked up by his mate, and kissed firmly against the mirrored interior of the lift.
“So I gather. But I understand why this is a confusing time. Listen to me – you are not a bad person for seeking comfort. You are human, Sherlock. You are worthy of being cared for. Cared about. Loved.”
“I am. And you are?” Sherlock’s eyes flicked over the other alpha, assessing. John could almost hear his thoughts.
There was a buzz of noise behind them as a few people took seats to watch the proceedings, but John kept his eyes on the table.
“Makes sense to me,” John said. He shifted slightly, and rubbed his nose. “Not wanting to give up your freedom. It’s got you where you are now, anyway?”
So, I feel I need to mention here that Sherlock is four months off being seventeen, and John is thirty-one. I've not tagged this as underage because the AOC in the UK is 16, BUT proceed with caution if you are averse to under-18 sexual activity and age-difference smut.
“It is,” Sherlock touched it, the blackness having turned to a weird brownish green. “But it’ll be ok. Have you heard about Jackson?”
Sherlock, perched on the opposite roof, watched John leave Lestrade’s house, and walk towards the underground.
“Thanks,” he nodded at the man, who didn’t leave, watching Sherlock hail a cab. The protectiveness of the beta was the only thing keeping Sherlock grounded at that moment.
They stayed for a long time. Longer than Sherlock would have liked. They ended up having lunch (Sherlock didn’t like anything on his plate, but his mother was glaring daggers at him, and he knew better than to leave everything. He managed to get most of it from his mouth into his napkin, and ball it up and stick it onto his plate when the staff came to take it away), and then Cam and his father started discussing politics, or business, he didn’t know it was all so dull. Sherlock’s mother went for a lie down in one of the guest rooms, and Sherlock wandered the house, touching things he knew he wasn’t supposed to touch.
"I meant you're different and I like it," John said. "Because you're fun, and clever, and you don't act like a cock like other lads. That's all I meant. I like being your mate, because you're you."
“Yeah…” Sherlock shifted closer, closer than they had been before, mashing his crotch against John’s thigh, John’s cock erect between the two of them as Sherlock worked his hand slowly, feeling the movement in his hand of soft skin over hard flesh, the swollen and smooth glans that gradually peeped into sight as John’s foreskin drew back. “Oh, John…”
“No!” Sherlock’s hand jerked up and his drink splattered down his arm. “You can’t, I need to be on this side of the year for my classes!”
Sherlock leaned up, and kissed him. “Thank you,” his said, his voice a dark caress. “Thank you, John.”
John chewed his lip. He carefully assessed his options. He was trapped, surrounded by water, on a rock, in a cave, in the ocean... with a half-man, half-octopus. Who'd spent some of the night playing with his cock. Until he ejaculated. John’s cock gave a stir of interest at the remembered sensation of those suckers on his erection, the steady back-and-forth working of his skin.
“You need to tell him. Otherwise you’re just keeping secrets, and that’s the same as lying.” James folded his arms, then relaxed them, trying, John could see, not to seem threatening. Fourteen weeks ago, John could probably have fought James off, physically. Now, he wasn’t so sure. He was weaker, and vulnerable, with another life inside him. Both of them knew that.
He had no idea. He hadn’t thought of exactly how. Only that he would leave. Would he kiss Sherlock goodbye?
“Throat.” John winced. He could taste blood, and knew Sherlock could probably smell it. He felt a shudder of fear crawl over his skin as he saw Sherlock’s nostrils flare, for just the tiniest instant. Before, John wouldn’t have felt afraid. Now…
“I hardly think congratulations are in order for a simple biological event,” Sherlock said, his voice a touch deeper than it had been.
“John,” Mycroft raised a hand. “I’m not going to hurt you. I’m going to take care of you, I swear it. You need me, I can smell it. You smell so good…” he stepped forward.
“It is an act of submission that cannot be denied. For someone to willing open their veins to you… for a vampire there is nothing greater. And to be on the reverse side…” he gestured between them. “It is frightening and thrilling.”
John sat up in bed, listening to Sherlock brushing his teeth. He heard him wretch a few times, and a nag grew at the back of his mind. Sherlock had acted strange all evening, curled up on the sofa, grumbling and barely speaking, not eating, only drinking sips of water…
John stayed still, trying to slow his breathing, trying not to inhale the singular scent of Sherlock – that pheromone-free smell of books and cigarettes and soap. John tried not to feel Sherlock’s pleasant weight on his legs, the tickle of his soft curls on his face and neck, and the way Sherlock’s breath was warming his throat.
“Mycroft, think – think about Greg,” John tried, staying still. “You have to go. Go… out. Anywhere.”
One of the mothers close to John put his baby into a high chair, and started fussing looking for something in his bag.
“Yeah. Too much food, I think. The baby’s got its head right on my bowels. I keep getting bellyache, probably from when it moves about.”
He sighed, and put down his book. It was very strange, having someone else in the flat. And a teenager, at that. John didn’t have any experience with young people outside of medical work, and he didn’t want to mither Sherlock into feeling like John was his parent, but at the same time John wasn’t going to change his mind about mating with him. They would have to find middle-ground as friends, more or less.
She smiled, though it didn’t quite meet her eyes. “I’m fine, John. Just a bit run down, at the moment. Had to take a bit of a break from college.”
“Relax,” Sherlock sighed, “I’m not going to leave anything where a human might come into contact with it. Not by accident, anyway.”
"Yeah, I know. It's just... I wonder if it... feels the same for other people as it does for me." John tried to sound casual, but his voice cracked.
Sherlock winced. He couldn’t imagine being with someone like that. They’d know, they’d figure it out, that Sherlock wasn’t a good omega. He could never be with anyone. He’d have to live his life alone.
He had been quite tempted to throw the package from Charles away when he got to school, but he had sat on his bed instead, and unwrapped a sleek wooden box with
“Thank you, then let us begin.” Eyre opened the first file in front of her. “The case brought by Mr Mayhew is that he should be recognised as the biological father and legal guardian of Baby B, also that Mr Watson has obstructed this outcome from already taking place.” She flipped the file closed. “Miss Kogan, do you have anything to add to the case already presented?”
“I don’t know,” John said, his face on fire, “some alphas don’t like to know about… breastfeeding. It’s… not something that gets talked about, very often.”
Sherlock prickled, his back stiffening. He was silent for a while. "Atonement." He swallowed, recalling all the blood. Her blood. There was so much. "Good night, John."
John was going to have to say something. If his omega scent was returning this quickly, he’d be outed before he got chance to control the situation. Greg would never work with him again. He’s feel lied to, and rightly so.
He threw the covers back and thundered across the hall to the bathroom, clanging the toilet seat up with a second to spare before he dropped to his knees and heaved in front of it.
John and Sherlock swam in the pool, Sherlock taught John how to play chess properly, and John showed Sherlock how to do a handstand at the bottom of the swimming pool. At night, when they ate out, Sherlock would read the menu to John and John would slip Sherlock extra bits of bacon when his mother reminded him to think about his waistline.
Sherlock moved up the bed, and kissed him gently. “I’ll get you some water. And then, you should sleep.”
What he didn’t expect was Violet Holmes to stand up, fighting off happy tears, and come over and embrace Sherlock as though she hadn’t seen him for years.
John frowned, and Sherlock could see the hurt, clear on his face. “Sherlock, what is it? Don’t you like me?”
“A bit,” Sherlock licked his lower lip as John de-robed, dropping his jumper and undoing his jeans, kicking off his socks in the same motion, as Sherlock toed his own off. They both kept their underwear on, and Sherlock welcomed John back with open arms, and lay happily, accepting soft kisses as John pressed their bare limbs and chests together.
Sherlock had preferred sleeping with the other omegas. They hadn’t exactly been close, but at night time their natural bond became strong. On nights with storms, they had often pushed all the beds together and curled up like puppies.
And sure enough, Sherlock exited the bathroom, mostly still wet, his hair ruffled by a towel and finger-combed into place, swept back nicely, as it never sat whilst dry.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “That you’re an alpha, a former soldier and trained doctor, lecturing at university.” He typed a few letters before adding: “They don’t know you’re
me, not resigning yourself to being with me, or getting tricked into being with me,” John snapped, eyes flashing. “I grew up living in fear that all you wanted me for was because I was an omega. It’s a horrible way to think of the person you’re falling in love with. I don’t want you to think that of me. I want you to want me because I’m John. Not because I’m the mother of your baby. And if you don’t, then go back to Victor.”
“You shouldn’t have lied to me,” John said, so gently it was like a caress with words. “I thought you didn’t like me. I… I nearly went up the wall trying to stop liking you, but I didn’t. I couldn’t stop liking you, Sherlock. Everything about you drives me crazy, and I mean that in a good way, and the way that makes me want to snap pencils. You’re just you, and that’s what I… I still… I…”
John grinned, and Sherlock felt it against his throat. John’s soft bump was pressing against him, and Sherlock badly wanted to touch it, but knew without even asking that it would be unwelcome. If John wanted to pretend it wasn’t there, then so be it.
Sherlock flashed a grin. The sight of teeth made John's stomach cramp involuntarily. Prey response, perfectly natural, and yet very unwelcome. John had seen injuries caused by vampires. Deaths. Torn-out throats, snapped vertebrae, wrists left ragged and bloody. They would never heal. He didn’t need to be reminded of what Sherlock could do. And yet his brain wouldn’t stop.
‘Well, yeah, that’s obvious,’ John said, rolling his eyes. He sat Birdie up slightly to pat her back. ‘But…’
Sherlock merely bared his fangs at him, and hissed like a wounded cat. Whatever was going through his mind, he was too afraid to even attack. He was cradling his hand now, the horrible burn creeping further down his arm, eating his flesh away.
“So have you,” John countered. He was quite aware of the long sleeves he had on beneath his shirt. It was too warm, and he wanted to roll the sleeves up, but the bite-marks up his arms were still red and angry-looking. It was just his luck that it was getting up to summer. He forced a smile. “You’ve got questions, right?”
“This is yours to control,” Sherlock said. “I know that’s not something an alpha should say. But It’s what I want for you. You’ve been controlled for too long. You get to decide this one. Where it goes. How fast.”
They were both desperate and wanting and hard. Sherlock wanted to taste John on his lips, feel his life blood seep onto his tongue, feel his cool body fill with warmth.
‘Ah, well. That’s different. Sometimes it really is better the devil you know.’ He sighed, and looked back at his laptop. ‘My betrothed, Sherlock, was ambushed and bitten two days before we were due to be joined. I’m not ashamed to say I’ve never got over it. She probably doesn’t even remember me. The best laid plans don’t always pay off, I know that. You need to plan for yourself, and no one else. A lot can happen in this world, when you least expect it.’
“Alright,” the doctor said. “She’s in the room. Take the chair on the opposite side of the table. Remember the rules… and I hope this gives you what you want.”
“I’m going home, if that’s what you mean,” Sherlock opened the card. The picture on the front was of a Christmas fairy wearing a pink dress and sporting wings and a glittery wand. “Thank you.”
“Oh, yes,” Sherry. “My mate detests sexual interaction. My heats are the only times we are physically intimate. And we are lucky I only have them every three months or so. It’s bearable.”
“If you tell me your size, I’ll go and fetch you some. Since you dislike the establishments so much.”
“I know,” Sherlock picked up his wallet. “And… and you.” He left, leaving John alone again, torn between wants and decisions.
“My mate…” Sherlock lied, pumping his fingers in and out of himself, wishing they were bigger. “My…”
“Yes. Carer, and sole recipient of wealth. If I am an omega, or a beta… Eurus gets everything, and will most likely die young and childless, which, apparently, would be terrible.”
It hadn’t felt the same, when John did it. No whooshing sensation, no white noise in his ears, no gaps in his memory where he still wasn’t entirely sure what had happened to him. He remembered every moment of his kisses with John. Physically… it had almost been the same. The pressure on his mouth, the warmth…
“It’s the baby,” John said. “It started moving the other day, I think, but I’ve only just sort of twigged that’s what it is. It feels like… I’ve got a mouse trapped under my skin, or something.”
“Sherlock, this is not up for discussion,” his father pointed at him. “I won’t have this mentioned again. You can dress how you damn well please, but you’re not a boy. You’re my daughter, and I hope you come to your damn senses about that soon enough.”
The nurse turned the screen just a little, so he couldn’t see. “Get you a good luck in a moment, darling, let me just get everything measured first…”
"No. At least, certainly not anything available in the mess hall," Sherlock snapped. He looked incredibly annoyed. "We’re actually making progress, here. Can't your stomach wait?"
"Oh..." Sherlock watched his friend close his eyes. He looked ruffled and exhausted. He'd slept in his clothes, and washed in cold water, that morning. Broken sleep.
“You didn’t offend me,” the student’s expression softened slightly. “I’m used to new people trying to figure out what I am. It doesn’t matter. But stop doing it quite so obviously. I dislike it.”
“They had to.” Sherlock walked over slowly, watching John’s muscles bunch as he approached, hearing his heart-rate begin to pick up. “It really was a matter of life or death.”
Eurus shrugged. “Looks like you don’t care who touches you. Didn’t take you for that sort of omega.”
“I don’t need a time and a date,” John snapped. “But he shouldn’t be in your house – that’s where I need to be. He knows I won’t go back whilst he’s there, and he thinks he can worm his way back into affections.”
“You tease,” John shuddered, moving his hips to try and adjust the press of his jeans against his cock. “Christ…”
Sherlock nodded, letting John cut through his clothes – buttons be damned – leaving the sleeve of the bent arm hanging down. Dried blood covered his pale chest.
He woke again, more naturally, eyes on where the ceiling met the top of the wall opposite his bed. The ceiling was made of padded tiles, resting in a metal frame. The wall was white. There was a sharps bin against it. A notice to
“No…” Sherlock settled back as John chased through the channels, eventually ending up on some programme about ground-breaking science and research in medicine. It was something they would both enjoy staring at.
“It’s an experiment,” Sherlock flexed the leather between his hands, and John saw the muscles in the alpha’s arms flex, too. Fear told him to remain completely still. Sherlock was legally allowed to strike him, and John’s sister
Sherlock shook his head. “Mummy used to buy cakes from the bakery. She was never a good cook, that’s why we had staff. I didn’t realise cake that was handmade could be nice, until I was older, and went to a few birthday parties…” he picked at a thread on a cushion. “Not that we went to many. We weren’t exactly popular children.”
That happened more – Sherlock actively repelling any closeness from John, down to him starting to do his own washing and ironing. He slowly cut himself off into virtual independence, relying on John only for board, lodging, and an allowance.
John came out of his rut around twenty hours later. He woke up with his head pounding from dehydration, the acrid smell of come in the air. He groaned, and lifted his head from the mattress. His bedroom looked like a bomb had hit it, and for the first time he regretted having carpets installed in it. They’d have to be cleaned, or replaced, more like. His landlady would throw a fit.
Sherlock just nodded. ‘I came out this way to get out the house. Mummy’s in bits. Mycroft doesn’t know what to do with himself. It’s all going wrong.’ He sniffed, and brushed at his eyes, frowning. Then wrapped his arms tight around himself. ‘I don’t know what’s going to happen.’
Sherlock could feel Magnussen’s thin legs digging into his bottom, and it was uncomfortable. He kept a shy smile on his face the whole time, though did flinch away from the alpha’s hands now and again. This didn’t seem to annoy Magnussen, on the contrary, his eyes glowed with something deep and unwelcome.
“I don’t want you to think that about me.” John sat up. “Even if that’s what you’re told. But that’s up to you.”
He sent them off, a drawing ache in his chest, and went back to his empty dormitory to read his textbooks and study things that didn’t really take his mind off how alone he was.
“Bar a little break in the middle,” John added, thinking of his six years of military service. “I’ve known you for longer than I’ve not.”
John forced his eyes open, though he felt tireder than anyone ever had in the history of the world. ‘Did it go ok?’ he croaked, throat dry from the oxygen. He vaguely remembered being wheeled down for surgery, whilst Sherlock stood, covered in snow and holding onto a baby, watching him vanish down a corridor. The ambulance hadn’t been able to get down Baker Street. The paramedics had to stretcher John and the baby (Sherlock following with a rucksack full of clothes and supplies) down the street through the snow. John had held tight onto his crying baby, the foil blanket they were wrapped it glittering in the bright white of the still-falling snow. He didn’t remember much after that, besides a few snatches of being prepped for surgery. The anaesthetic had erased the majority of the ordeal. He did remember shaking like a leaf as he tried not to panic, shock setting in at the blood-loss and aftermath of pushing a human being out of himself.
“John, you’re perfect,” Sherlock fell to his knees, speaking to John’s tear-streaked face. “John, I want to be with you, not just now – but I do want you now – but I’ll be kind to you, I swear it, I don’t want to hurt you, please let me, John. John, please, I want to be inside you…”
“Yes, thank you, I was exhausted,” Sherlock quipped back, dashing over the landing to his room and slamming the door. Mycroft looked at John.
Biting his lip, he walked around the low coffee table to the alpha, and, keeping his head down to avoid eye contact, said: “Thank you so much. Cam. I… I really do love it.”
“Difficult to agree to,” Sherlock pressed against John as he spoke. “You don’t know who I might meet.”
Instead, it ignited something behind James’ eyes. Something familiar, and frightening, and John dropped a hand to his belly, as he tensed.
John banged his head against the tiles, the memories of the night before ploughing into his brain. Sherlock and Victor.
Sherlock bit his own wrist, trying to hold back the cry of pain that always came at the start of their intercourse.
John shouted in shock, pleasure slamming into him like a wave, knocking him flat against the mattress, his arms giving way completely as he came. His orgasm dragged out, making the omega cry out, clear ejaculate streaming from his cock, joined immediately by thick white ropes from Sherlock’s cock as the alpha bit hard into the pillow beside John’s head, rutting into his own hand, against John’s little cock in a display that made John want to sob.
“I look stupid,” Sherlock sighed at his reflection. He was in grey trousers, a burgundy-red blazer, and with a grey and red striped tie in his shirt collar.
He put his own hand into it, and Sherlock’s long fingers closed over his skin, enveloping him in safety, and shifting something deep inside him.
"You absolute arse. I've never seen your eyes closed. I didn't know what to think," John said, a hand over his chest.
Sherlock scoffed. "You realize I've been alive for a while longer than you have? An honourable human is difficult to find."
John let fat, hot tears drip down his face. But he nodded, anyway. It was pointless to argue any further. They wouldn’t listen to him. He was such a stupid omega. He brought all this on himself. Why didn’t he just let Siger sniff him? Why didn’t he just do as he was told, and stay away from boys and sports? Why was he so
But Sherlock was already against letting John go. Letting his mate go might be more than he could bear.
“Doing his morning ablutions, as far as I know. You can go up.” He followed the detective inspector up to the lounge.
“Just lean this way,” John held his arms steady at the elbows. “Let your insides relax. I know it hurts. I’m not saying it doesn’t. But we can make it stop being quite as bad without even moving off this bench.”
“I really think I should ring the hospital,” John said, as the time between contractions showed up at 04:38 minutes.
‘Sort of. I just realised… I don’t want to settle for what people think I ought to do. I want to have what I
No, not a shout – a rallying cry. A ‘come this way and join in’ call. The kind bullies make when they have someone cornered.
John felt something sink, in his chest. Greg wanted to question him about what had happened. He didn’t really want to relive that. He hesitated.
John forced a smile. “You said you’re not supposed to want, right? OH!” He realised. “That’s what the problem is. You want what you’re not supposed to want?” He grinned. “Am I the forbidden fruit?”
Sherlock blushed, imagining John stripping his bedclothes off. Had he sniffed them? Smelled the remnants of his semen from secret late-night wanks? Sherlock decided he didn’t care. Exhaustion suddenly came over him, and he sighed, leaning his forehead against John’s shoulder. “I’m tired.”
“Because it looks to me like you’re just shredding it. I haven’t seen any of it make it to your mouth, yet.”
John’s alpha instincts took over, and he stood, wrapping the youngster in his arms, holding him tight, surrounding him in alpha pheromones, making him calm almost instantly. “You will be alright, Sherlock,” John said softly, resting his head on Sherlock’s dark curls. “You will be fine. I know it doesn’t seem that way now, but you will be. No matter your gender, I want to help you. Ok?”
John slammed the door behind him, and ran down the path, around the fence, and straight up to the Holmes’ front door. He banged on it.
“Must have been pretty boring for you,” John turned over, and smiled. There was a dull ache at his neck. “Did I do anything embarrassing?”
John shook his head, trying to forget the words he’d read in those books. Books Sherlock had given him.
“What’re you reading?” Sherlock asked, utching his knee a touch closer, his heart hammering at his own daring. Omegas didn’t make moves like this. He was probably making John uncomfortable.
John, naturally, blamed himself for the whole thing. He had kissed Sherlock without his permission, and Sherlock had probably been too afraid to take his hand away during the film. John was a terrible friend.
“I know,” John kissed his neck, kissed those ugly scars where another alpha had tried to claim him, tried to force him into being an omega. “S’ok…”
John puffed out a breath, and rested his cheek on Sherlock’s chest, listening to his heart. A year since it had first been mentioned, and they only talked about John’s enlistment in the dark. As if it was less real, that way. As if the dark was like a blanket, keeping reality out and their own private universe in.
“Oh, yes…” Sherlock twisted the top of the vacuum flask, and there was a loud hiss. “Everything alright?”
“Oh, ok. Well, see you later, Sherlock. Maybe catch you on Facebook, or something?” Victor held a hand out.
“Oh, let them,” Sherry led the way out. “All I’ve heard since I arrived is Sherlock this, Gregory that… they’re so obsessed with themselves. Do you know, Mycroft would rather ask me about Alfie’s business than anything I’ve been doing. Alphas, I swear.”
John chose some fitted maternity trousers with a hidden elastic band inside, though he barely needed it yet, and a blue shirt cut to accommodate a small bump. He pushed the curtain back, and held his arms out. “Yes?”
“No, it isn’t, but it means that if Siger comes here and demands her back, we have to hand her over,” Mycroft ruffled his hair. “He owns the baby, so Eurus has to go, too.”
Mr Thorne looked up, giving Sherlock a rare look at his face. He stared at his student for a few seconds. Then looked back down at his notes. ‘I’ll write to them,’ he said.
you when my illness is taking me away from you. I never thought… I never thought I could value another human being in the way I value you. But I do. And – and I wish I’d never met you.” Tears brimmed in his pale blue eyes, and spilled over. “I was ok with dying. I was ok, with dying, until I got to know you. I was ok with dying, until I knew I was leaving you behind…”
The arrangement was anything but unusual. A fail-safe for alphas who didn't bond, arrangements were made when the teenager or young person came into sexual maturity. They rarely came to fruition, but John had been in the army, and then a doctor – he had very little time for dating, and hardly even dabbled casually, he was so busy with work. John's parents had made the arrangement for him when he was twenty, giving John the name of his 'backup' as he liked to think of him - W. Holmes. Elsewhere, in the Holmes Estate, a little boy sat reading to himself, unaware his future had just been safeguarded for him in the form of John Watson.
Sherlock clicked his tongue. There was a finishing school for omegas in Switzerland, and several of his remaining classmates were going there to do their final year before they were sixteen. Sherlock had had all the paperwork, but hadn’t committed to going. Not yet.
“No, he’s one of a kind. And I don’t just say that because he’s my mate,” Sherry added. “He’s the only alpha I’ve met who doesn’t live with his head up his arse.”
The jovial mood didn’t last. As evening came around, and Sherlock had called Inspector Lestrade (and been cheerfully invited go to down to the station twice a week to ‘assist’), his mood seemed to dip. He curled up on the sofa in a corner, checking his phone every few moments, knees up under his chin, feet bare and flat on the sofa cushion.
“I cannot believe I agreed to this.” Sherlock looked as though he was trying very hard to drop dead. “This is hell,” he hissed.
It took John a few days to get over the guilt of using the ultrasound equipment without asking, and the uneasiness of Sherlock’s reaction. John realised, now, that the boy had been hoping, despite what he said in the office, that he was an alpha. It would have made his situation so much easier – he could have had much more bodily autonomy, inherited, and even put off bonding, if he wished. Being told he was either beta or omega seemed to have sent him into shock.
‘Can’t seem to stop it now, though…’ Sherlock’s eyes wandered over John’s face. ‘This is all wrong.’
“We found him, eventually. Three years after you left. He was brought into a South London police station. It was as though he’d been trying to make his way home. I took him the rest of the way. Well… there was a stop-off, first,” he added.
John… John would probably be so upset. He had put so much effort into keeping Sherlock safe and well… and now he was here…
“Please. I’ll have my one cup of caffeinated tea,” John smiled, watching James go, then caught sight of himself in the mirror – dishevelled hair, red blotchy face… there was nothing more like to put an alpha off than bodily functions. He snorted, and went to wash his face, wondering what Sherlock would have thought to all this.
“We’re open to suggestions for names, if you’ve been nursing a hope for something specific,” Sherlock said, filling the silence. “Since she doesn’t actually have one, yet.”
“Please,” the boy ducked his head submissively, accepting the invitation into the mature alpha’s den. “Shall I take my shoes off?”
John glanced up, quickly. Sherlock’s hand were tense on his cutlery, though his face showed not a drop of stress.
Mycroft and Sherlock met eyes. “Sherlock, mind this tea, won’t you?” Mycroft walked past John. “It’s this way.”
Sherlock walked down, and kept his eye-rolling to a minimum as he went out onto the drive. He glanced up, and caught sight of John, who promptly flipped him off. Sherlock subtly gave him the Vs back, pretending to comb his hair back over his ear. He saw John grin, and disappear from the window.
, Sherlock. I’m not on a clock for you. We don’t have to one day flip and switch and be all over one another. We can do this, if you want to, as slow as you like.”
He needed to get himself out of the area, before either of them did something they would regret. John’s baby was Sherlock’s. James’ alpha instincts didn’t register that. He only saw a pregnant omega he had had sex with. Once John’s baby was born, James would regard it as an intruder. He could, in time, learn to love it as he loved anyone else, but when it was born, the baby would be alien.
Mycroft cleared his throat. “We plan to wait until Christmas, Doctor Watson. If Sherlock hasn’t shown signs of maturity by then –”
“New beginnings aren’t always happy,” Sherlock put a hand to John’s stomach, and the baby rolled over, though unfelt by its father. “Sometimes they’re painful. Or sad, or awkward. Sometimes we cry. Sometimes new beginnings come about because you lose something. Sometimes you gain. Someone is born, or someone dies. Change is never easy, and not always welcome.”
“Just stop it, Sherlock,” John said, pressing his hands into his eyes. “Just… give it a rest. I don’t need you to protect me. I managed years in fucking war zones on my own. I don’t need you.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m a bad influence,” John snorted, and reached across the bike to poke Sherlock on his naked arm. The touch was over-firm, and John couldn’t feel it properly, and for a moment he felt as though he had wasted it.
“Never,” John leaned up for another kiss, and Sherlock complied, going limp under John’s hands, letting John push him down onto the sofa, climb on top of him. “I love you, Sherlock.”
John suddenly realised his jeans were soaked through. He must have lost control of his bladder at some point. “Oh, shit…” he tried to stand.
‘Omegas can’t do the Bacca,’ Sherlock pointed out. It was something he had looked into over the summer.
“Ha.” John pressed his body against Sherlock’s. “I mean… if you don’t want me. Even if you don’t know if you ever will –”
John saw the blond-haired vampire re-enter the room. He gave John a deliberate look, and ran a tongue over his fangs. John’s chest tightened. The thought of his blood being inside that creature…
“But you will not attempt to see him,” Mycroft stood. “I forbid it. He has made it abundantly clear that he does not wish to see you. Draw a line under all this. Go and live the life you apparently want.” And he had marched out of the hospital wing without another word.
“Oh, shitting fuckety fucking shitting fuck,” he kicked his covers off, standing and catching his breath as he held the back of the chair. “Oh, fuckety fucking fuck. Shit.” He sniffed, wiping his face, and looking around the room. “Like I need this now…” he bent over a moment, fighting off a cramp. “Uh… oh. Oh no…” he swallowed.
That couldn’t be it. Sherlock made a fist, ignoring the fire of his joints. That wouldn’t be the last he saw of John Watson. He’d keep himself alive.
“Is this your first baby?” John didn’t even bother apologising as he put an ear to the omega’s stomach, lifting her dress out of the way. He could hear a gentle whooshing sound that wasn’t an adult heartbeat.
John pulled the hanger back through, and looked at it again, trying to work out where his legs were meant to go in it. He put it on the ‘yes’ pile, and decided to worry about it later.
“Fuck off,” Sherlock snapped, wishing he could think of something wittier to say back. He looked hard at the alpha. “I see your own omega mother is pregnant, again? And with your father making so many trips abroad, how on earth did he get pregnant? Did an angel appear? Or does Mummy take on alphas on the side? Well…” he looked the alpha over, “I don’t see much of your mother’s mate in your face.”
“Sure, I’ll just go and ask for one.” John excused himself. He went out to the nurses’ station, and asked for water and a few biscuits for Sherlock’s room. He went back again, and was about to open the door, when he stopped to listen.
John looked at him. “Loneliness, I think. I… I was tired and alone, and you were there, and I trusted  - still trust – you. Have you ever heard of skin hunger? It’s a desire for touch – people can go mad from it, from lack of touch. It was like being brought back from the brink, in a lot of ways. I know you… wanted more from it. But to me… it was like a massage, or something.”
“You’re eighteen just after Christmas, though?” Lestrade checked. “If we start proceedings now, I can’t see us getting in court before January the sixth.”
“She needs to be helped out of the manor,” Mycroft said. “She hasn’t mentioned what her plans might be for… afterward.”
, when he stopped himself. This omega was a teacher. A mother, and a teacher. She’d been to university. She had a degree. He closed his mouth, and swallowed, before trying again.
“My…” Sherlock went red, too, lowering his head to hide in John’s neck as he kept his movements going. “My… cock, really.”
Sherlock ground his teeth together as he let out a snarl of desire, trying to keep still as John slowly sank down onto his cock. It was tight, and hot, and soaking wet, and the slide down was smooth and slick as a wet dream. Sherlock let out a sob as John took all of him inside. John was trembling, sweat beading down his chest as he made noises of pleasure and shock – it must be strange to have a cock inside him after all this time.
John stared for a heartbeat, then switched into doctor mode. “Ok, lets rinse you off first,” he switched the shower on. “And then I’ll ring the hospital, and you can decide where you want to –”
“My parents need a week where they aren’t looking after me,” Sherlock said. “They disagree, but I’m insisting.”
“Pssh,” Mycroft snorted. “Your business is exactly what you’d like to try and make it. You’re intrigued.”
“For God’s sake,” Sherlock flounced back against the sofa. “Stop parenting me! I’ve only been back twenty-four hours and you’re trying to –”
“Time and experience, I’m afraid,” Oliver handed him a can of deodorant, and Sherlock stared at it for a moment before catching on and spraying his clothes to try and mask the smell.
John squeezed his eyes shut. “I can’t. I’m sorry. I can’t.” He sat up, wincing. “I’m going to take a shower…” he smiled. “You coming?”
“So, let me see if I get this.” Greg was still in his pyjamas, but at least he and John had both eaten a bacon sandwich, now. “You love him, and he… the same?”
He ducked, the drink missing him, but as he ducked, he slipped. His shoe skidded on the step, and Sherlock pitched forward, colliding with John, who fell sideways, catching him as they fell the few steps down to the floor, landing hard, but mostly unhurt as other lads wailed and girls shrieked about getting covered in cola.
The creature didn't seem to understand the gesture, or John’s language, and instead reached for him with four of its tentacles. Without preamble, it grabbed him around the arms and waist and dragged him forward.
“It’s the same way they always show one boy and one girl child,” John said. “It’s meant to be diverse.”
"Another assignment for you, Sherlock," Lestrade was saying as Sherlock rummaged through the files in his cabinets for nothing in particular. It was simply amusing to try and find out how much rummaging and rudeness the Military Policeman could take before he snapped. Or offered Sherlock something more tempting.
John pushed his middle finger inside, meeting no resistance as the smooth slick aided his penetration. The warmth and strong muscular grip made him sigh in need, his cock throbbing where it was secured between Sherlock’s legs. John rocked his hips a little, just taking the edge off his need as he added a second finger to Sherlock. “You feel amazing,” John whispered. “I love you so much. You’re so good for me, Sherlock. So wet. So soft. I can’t wait to slide inside you, feel your wet heat on my cock…”
Mycroft pushed the door closed with his umbrella, and took a seat on the sagging sofa, leaving a decent space between himself and John. He gave him a quick glance over. “Twenty-four weeks. You’re showing,” he said.
“Well, that’s something to look forward to isn’t it?” Siger said brightly, patting his youngest son’s head before heading down the stairs.
“Or now,” John said, seeing an opportunity to get out of unpacking when he saw one. He grabbed his backpack from the footwell, and pulled it on. “See you later?”
The scent of Sherlock soaked into his lungs, clouded the omega’s brain, and soothed him for a few moments, letting John try and think, try and wipe the tears from his face as slick trickled out of him, making him tremble and shake with need.
John didn’t bother checking his wallet for cash for a cab. He walked to the nearest tube station, and got on the underground. By the time he got back to Baker Street, he had calmed down enough to get his phone out. As much as it pained him, he needed to swallow his pride. He couldn’t afford Greg Lestrade to fall out with him. He needed that job.
John wailed as his cock throbbed in a near-dry orgasm, a few drops of omega come falling onto the bedding, his entrance clamping down hard on the thick alpha cock, his cervix blossoming open, readying his body to conceive.
with love, and you failed to see it. You helped your brother in a brutal fight. You saved Molly from a life where she believed her only purpose was to stay with an abusive husband. You helped Lestrade keep his job, to keep London safe. Safer.”
She didn’t smile, and neither did her alpha mate, who put a hand on her waist, and looked John over as if he was some sort of threat.
“YES!” John shouted. “Yes, if all this shit you’ve just told me about caring for me as more than just some omega is true, you should have stayed the fuck away. Christ, I wanted to bond with you, even if it’d be painful because I thought we could stay in touch, not because I wanted to hear nothing from you for six years – I thought you were dead! I thought about you every single day, and it hurt every single day, too. I left you because I thought I’d be someone you wanted to stay in touch with. That you loved me enough for that, god, you’d give that much to a friend, never mind someone you claim to love. I thought I meant something to you, as a person, as John Watson, not just some omega you can’t stand, but apparently not.”
“And it says on the form you filled in at the desk that you’re bonded… but separated, is that right?”
“Friend…” Mycroft raised an eyebrow, but didn’t comment. “Well… I’m not sure how best to proceed, here. If we make a complaint of bullying, it would mean you coming out to a member of staff.”
“I wasn’t…” John pushed his plate away. “It’s difficult to explain. It’s like… you know what you can’t work out if you’re hungry or bored? It was like I couldn’t work out if I was horny or lonely. It was probably both.”
“Euck,” John made a grossed-out noise. He leaned, and Sherlock gently pulled out of him, the two of them wincing at the sensation, and the sudden dampness of the bedsheets. “Sorry.”
“Lemon and lime shower gel,” Sherlock grinned, and then shuddered as John nosed at the crook of his neck.
John didn’t flinch at the jibe aimed at his mate. “No. And… I don’t really want to talk about him and Victor, is that’s ok.”
“Without his permission?” The judge raised an eyebrow. “Interesting phrase to use. Can you expand on that?”
“Being sad isn’t the same as not being happy,” Sherlock countered. “He makes me… don’t keep him away, please. Please.”
They gave John more oxygen, and a sternal rub, and he opened his eyes again as they tilted the bed up and immediately stuck something in his ear to take his temperature.
Sherlock drew a breath. "Does it not disgust you that someone would put you in such a position? Someone made you an accomplice of a murder, used people's phobic spite to get away with something terrible. Wouldn't you try to save someone else who was put in that position?"
with you,” Siger said, leaning close. John could taste his breath, layers of alpha dominance forcing him to look away. “Just as I am. Sherlock is not about to waste the best years of his life with an omega who won’t wait for him. You will not go near those boys again, is that clear?”
Sherlock shuddered, feeling himself beginning to lose control. "John," Sherlock breathed, giving a noise of pleasure as John tightened around him again, his entire body so taut it was as if he might snap.
“I don’t have an alpha,” John yanked the neck of his t-shirt to one side. “Look – unbonded. I’m my own man.”
“You’re so responsive,” John murmured, rubbing over the spot again, back and forth with a steady hand that was giving Sherlock such torturous pleasure. “Such a good omega, I can feel you getting wetter for me… maybe you’ll take my knot this time? Stretch you open and fill you up so tight you feel like you’re stuck on me forever… god, I’m going to get so deep inside you…”
“That is the worst excuse ever,” John came over, picking up one of the boxes. “But thank you. I’ll be set for chocolate until next Easter, I think.”
“Why not? You drink tea,” John countered, and before Sherlock could stop him, quaffed back the water.
John smiled. “Oh no,” he whispered. Then swallowed, slowly, taking care of his throat. “You said. You think. You know. Who?”
“He wasn’t working alone!” Sherlock shouted. “It was – it…” he looked about, feeling eyes on him. He walked quickly away from the window. His heart was racing. That had been the cabbie. The one Sherlock had handed to Lestrade
“Tony Davidson didn’t. I barrelled him straight in the bollocks. He won’t be able to stand for a week.”
Everyone had exchanged dubious looks, and John hadn’t spoken to any of them all summer. Not that he didn’t want to. It was just that he felt safe, in his little cocoon of him and Sherlock. They’d spent most of the summer bonding. Not in the biting sense. In the getting-to-know-you sense.
The cab pulled into a side-street, stopping outside a row of tall townhouses not unlike Mycroft’s, but these looked less posh. There was a café on the ground floor, and no gardens, not even the tiny patches of dried earth with bins in.
Sherlock was curled onto his side, his body a ‘C’ shape around his daughter, arms encircling her sleeping body without touching her, his face close to hers. His clothes were the same John had left him in that morning, and his hair looked like it needed a comb. Pixie was in a different sleepsuit, and looked immaculate. Her blonde hair was swept to one side, and her rosebud mouth was slightly pursed in sleep. The room smelled of warmth, and milk, and bodies, and it wasn’t at all unpleasant.
“Ok…” John’s thrusts became shallower as he changed his angle, stopping his knot slipping inside Sherlock anymore until forcing it in would have been dangerous. Oh god, he was so close… “Fuck,” he reached around for Sherlock’s leaking cock, and gently squeezed, thumbing over the soaking glans.
“It’s not broodiness,” Sherry said, inclining his head to kiss John’s skin, lightly. “It’s wanting to be near kin. If you went to see Eurus, she’d be the same. It’s an omega thing.”
Sherlock came out of the bathroom, his towel tucked under his stomach, hair wet, expression murderous.
“Which means something burst out of him that was already there,” Sherlock slapped his own forehead. “Ow. Look – they were together, the two men, maybe they were hugging or something, I don’t know, but whatever was inside the first man is somehow triggered, and it shoots out of him and straight into the second. This steel bolt. That’s is. It has to be.”
Sherlock nodded. “I thought you were dead. I brought you home. I…” he stopped, a great weight seemed to land on his chest as his grief returned. “I didn’t know what else to do.”
John tensed all over. Was James near rut? How long had it been since he’d been with an omega? And John was right there, all that time… and now he was angry… “James,” John said, in his doctor-voice. “James, think about what you’re doing. I’m your friend. Your pregnant friend. Calm yourself down. It’s ok.”
“I excused myself, and climbed out of the toilet window,” Sherlock started pulling his shoes back on. “I’ve had better nights.”
“I thought I did,” John said. “But… I think getting asked out here has been a bit of a wake-up call. No one’s going to want to have to raise someone else’s baby. And…”
“Yes, you’re to stay at home for two days and think about your sins,” John handed him the suspension slip to hide the tremor in his hands. “Come on, I’ll get us a cab. Does your mouth hurt? Do you need to pick any homework up? Say goodbye to anyone?”
“No problem. Now,” the man crossed his legs and slung an arm over the back of the bench. “D’you want to tell me why you ran away from my colleague yesterday?”
John thrashed, trying to free his arms, trying to kick with his legs, but it was useless. Siger had his trapped under the bedclothes, his heavy body holding John still as he licked a stripe up John’s throat, making him do another near-silent scream of terror.
“What. Do. You. Care?” Sherlock said. He looked halfway between furious and upset. “What do you care, John? You got what you wanted out of the situation, didn’t you? You got to be a doctor, to go off and shoot people in pointless wars, to spend all your time with other alphas, what does your mate matter?” His eyes skimmed over John’s hair, his body. “You look different.”
“No….” he moaned, hiding his face again. “No, I don’t…” his words dissolved into a moan as another wave of pain smacked into him.
Sherlock, who said what they had had was over. That he didn’t love John, anymore. That he’d rather have his job and his beta boyfriend than John.
John cleared his throat. “We will sort it, Mycroft, I know we’ve been under your feet, and Sherry, too…”
“I’m not really interested in the missed lecture,” Sherlock interrupted again. “I hardly think it’s relevant.”
“Not quite. The samples I’ve run in the past tend to undergo a change within the first eight hours…” he checked his watch. “Or perhaps twelve. Is it really ten at night?”
“I think I’ll run myself that bath,” Sherlock stood. “Maybe I’ll drown in it and you won’t have to sit feeling sorry for me, anymore.” He slammed the door, and heard his mother start to cry.
John mock-punched him, and Sherlock dodged, jabbing his friend in the ribs with a finger. John grabbed his hand, and tried to get Sherlock in a headlock, and the two of them struggled like puppies on the carpet as they tried to half-heartedly pull each other’s hair and get one another around the wrist.
“I’m not angry with him,” John said softly. “I’m honestly not. I just… I want a chance to show what he means to me. But if he’d rather not know… that’s ok.”
Sherlock seemed to shake himself. “I won’t… hurt you, John. I…” his gaze dropped to John’s entrance. Followed by a single finger, that swirled around the puffy, soft, soaking flesh, tracing the size, the shape of the hole that begged to be filled as John made a noise too torn and ragged to be called a moan.
"Good morning," John said, sitting up so tentacles pooled in his lap. "Um... is it morning? It feels like morning, at least." He eased himself to the side to stand up, and Sherlock lifted his tentacles out of the way, watching him intently. John felt rather like one of the specimens in the jars back at the practice he worked. He stretched, rolling his shoulders back, working the crick from his neck. He felt dry, now, and not cold anymore, though he was still nude of course, and, now he thought about it, rather keen to relieve himself.
Sherlock paused as he drew up a memory of who that was. “Oh, yes. How is he? He’s a mother, isn’t he?”
John had half-heartedly started looking at flats, but then realised he didn’t know how many bedrooms he needed. One, at the minimum, but what about in the long-term? His compensation claim would never buy a flat, but it would tide over the rent for a good while, if he ended up taking time off…
His plan was to get the pill, go for a walk, have a think somewhere that wasn’t soaked in alpha and omega pheromones, and try to come to a decision. He had until the end of the day to pop the pill, so it was wise to have it on hand.
John didn’t hang around to find out. He followed Mr and Mrs Holmes into the house, picked a bedroom from the dozen available, and collapsed onto the bed. He was asleep in minutes.
.” Another lick, and a nip, and John’s inner omega went into overdrive, adrenaline rushing through his body, trying to escape this assault, trying to stay safe, trying… And then it was as though he’s been switched off.
“Look, if it makes you feel better,” John said, awkwardly, “I don’t look at you and see an omega. Not ever. I don’t even know what that would mean. You’re just Sherlock. My friend. My best friend. And… And I don’t want you to think that just because we’re both going to change a bit that I’m not going to want to be around you. I’ll always want to be around you.”
John looked up, wanting to argue, but finding he had no energy for it. No energy to resist what was going to happen.
“I know how you feel about me,” John said, his voice cracking. “I’ve seen you looking. Seen your stares in the mirror, how you clench your fists when you see me in my dressing gown on the sofa. You run out to get things for me, and you’ve put me up rent-free, and I can never thank you enough for it – you saved my skin, honestly. I wish I could say that I wish this baby was yours and that we could make a new bond here together, but that isn’t true. I don’t wish it. I don’t wish we could be together, James. I just don’t see you in that way. I never will.”
There are ups and downs as Sherlock starts school, and John realises just how complicated their situation is.
“Sherlock! Even you must have enough social awareness to realise that to continue to fraternise with this man will only bring you down. People will assume he is yours, and that the – the infant is, too, and –”
Greg went white, then yanked John close, into a tight hug. “Fucking hell, I can’t say the same for you…” he inhaled, then pushed John back. “Oh. Changed in more ways than one. Jesus. Look at you. Last time I saw you, you were like this,” he held his little finger up. “Shit. What happened to you? Mycroft said you were off somewhere, getting shot at.”
The way Sherlock's control crumbled in John's hands, he couldn't deny his feelings for the man. He couldn't hide them. He wouldn't. If John asked, he'd say everything that was building up inside him, although he doubted he needed to.
"Fine," he lied, feeling the absorbent tissue press, too dry, against his labia, chaffing the soft skin. "Better for going."
“Anything that saves me time is ok by me. We’d advertise, and then… Look, it’s not what you know, around here.” Greg gave him a roguish grin, and John found himself wondering how old he was, and now John thought about it, he was quite handsome. John hadn’t had a lot of the second trimester lust, and he’d been too busy moping around after Sherlock so far, but (and his omega brain started to run away with him) Greg had always been nice to him, and surely he’d be supportive of John in the workplace, he was always progressive, and –
,” John sighed, hanging onto the pole his drip was attached to. “It was like she wasn’t even there.”
“But he didn’t,” Victor mused, laying back and letting Sherlock scent around his neck and jaw. “He told you to go, didn’t he?”
John didn’t want to hear any more, and closed the door to the hall before going to his room, and firmly locking himself in.
When the helicopter did arrive, it was turned off for refuelling and John and Sherlock stood facing each other, their eyes meeting.
“Don’t even think about it,” John hissed, in the dark. “You’ve totally ignored me all night. You’re not getting sex or cuddles.”
“Oh go—d,” John shut his eyes as his body awoke, and a fresh wash of slick ran through him, down to Sherlock’s hand. The room heaved with pheromones. “Sh…lock.”
As soon as he heard the front door slam, Sherlock stuck his nose over his desk, snorting up the powder. It took two attempts, there was that much of it.
There was a surge at the water's edge, and Sherlock reappeared, speaking rapidly, and motioning for John to come closer. John walked over, but clearly not fast enough as Sherlock reached with his tentacles and seized John quickly around the chest and arms, barely giving him time to gasp a breath before dragging him under the water.
“Not the first time I’ve been accused of that,” John grinned. “But you can believe what you like, it doesn’t matter. You’re not here for a theology lesson.”
“And you’ve shown me that even if I decide to live, I won’t have the one relationship that I seem to have been missing!” Sherlock stepped back at the realisation. “You said we were supposed to meet. But we never did… if we had met, would I have ended up on that bridge?”
“If you say so…” John raised a hand, and brushed Sherlock’s curls off his face, without thinking about it.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “I’ll risk the devastating injuries.” He bent down, and scooped Sherlock up, along with his blanket, princess-style.
“Fifth of June. Another fifteen weeks to go,” John rubbed his belly. “I miss my six-pack, I’m not going to lie.”
. What was he supposed to do? Help with the birth of a baby that wasn’t even his? How was he supposed to cope with that?
John stepped around Sherlock, and picked up his jacket. “I don’t know whether you’re right about Greg or not, but either way it’s none of your business, is it?” He looked at the alpha. “You’re a good flatmate, Sherlock. I like working with you, and yeah, you’re a – a good friend. But we both know last night was a mistake. We’re not in the same place. Mentally. Emotionally, whatever. And I don’t think it’s just with me. You’re as old as you are, and you’re single. You’ve got people falling over themselves for you, but you just…” John gestured with a hand at Sherlock, just stood there. “What are you waiting for?”
‘I was really scared,’ Sherlock ploughed on. ‘Because of stuff that’s happened to me, before. And what I want to do. But… I don’t think it matters, anymore.’ He looked up at John. ‘I told you, you weren’t my first kiss.’
“Mm,” John cuddled close, smiling as Sherlock put his arms around him. John turned his head slightly to one side, making his invitation slightly more obvious.
Sherlock stroked over his cheek with the back of his fingers, the barest scratch of fingernail tracing over John’s skin. Gooseflesh raised in the wake of the touch. “What are you afraid of?”
John decided to be evasive. “I know one. He’s a family friend. My parents know his parents.” He didn’t need to give them any details.
The nurse nodded, and lifted the slim file from under the incubator, and handed it over. John flipped it open, and scanned for the important bits. It was well completed, at least, and John had to admit his daughter seemed to be being well cared-for.
He reached between them both, and took a hold of John’s erection. John gasped, his eyes flying open as his cock throbbed on the edge of pain. And he came. He shook as come spilled out of him, pleasure rocking through his muscles, tightening and gripping Sherlock’s hard cock inside him.
Violet smiled wider. “You are making this old woman very happy, John. And the fact you say you will stay with Sherlock no matter the outcome of his maturity… To be frank with you, it opened my eyes.” She steepled her fingers in the same way John had seen Sherlock do so often. “For so long, my mate and I’s focus has been on inheritance, on finding mates for our children. But it should have been on their happiness. Sherlock has found you. Who is to say that Eurus, ill as he is, cannot find someone of his own to love?” She looked suddenly sad. “I fear I have wasted a great deal of time, indeed.”
“My flat,” Sherlock said. “I’d planned to take you after graduation. As a surprise. But… I don’t know about you, but I don’t want to stay in that house, anymore.”
The tea had brewed enough to be poured out when Sherlock came back, slamming the door again so John jumped and spilled tea on the surface.
“I’m sorry,” Victor said again. “I – I can’t even think of him like that, now. Bonding… erases that. What happened… I can hardly think about it. I just want my mate.”
to speak to Sherlock, and he found that rather than it being intimidating to his inner alpha, he rather enjoyed seeing Sherlock’s obvious maturity.
“Not through choice,” Sherlock said. He had a feeling he ought to be bothered about what his mother had said, but the happiness over being allowed to stop over was pushing it out of his mind. “And I’ll be back at Christmas. And it’s my birthday just after.”
John glanced at the alpha as he made his breakfast. If Sherlock had any mind to come over and start anything, John would be forced to defend himself. What did he have? His fists, and the contents of the kitchen. Sherlock had his natural alpha strength, and enough adrenaline to kill a rhinoceros. Sherlock would win. John could probably stab an alpha in rut and the man wouldn’t realise until he was dead.
John pulled back, and pushed forward again, and this time it was easier, Sherlock exhaling as he was penetrated, his body pliant around John’s hardness.
Sherlock was shaking so badly he thought he might wet himself. Magnussen sat on the opposite entrance of the table-booth, so Sherlock wasn’t penned it. But still, their being alone together like this was making Sherlock’s stomach roll. He hadn’t swallowed a mouthful since his salad had arrived, and he could feel Magnussen’s eyes on him like never before. How had he never acknowledged it? It felt like being scratched by a rusty nail with every glance.
John was enjoying a rare moment of peace and quiet. Amazingly, Birdie was awake. She was lying on the floor on a playmat, looking up at some colourful plastic fish that had captured her attention with the way they spun and mirrored and glittered. Her three-month-old self was transfixed, and reached for the creatures and pulled them, enjoying their bounce and spin when she let them go again.
John stared at the smiling speaking. A man in his mid-twenties looked pleasantly at him from inside the doorway. He was tall, and had brown skin and black hair that was pulled back into what John thought might be called a ‘man-bun’. He looked happy.
Thank you, all, so much, everyone who has read and supported this fic, and ESPECIALLY everyone who has downloaded a copy of my ebook (see my Tumblr). You guys are the best, and I owe you all so much. Bless you. xx
No, he shook his head to himself, John wouldn’t do that. He was still immature – there was nothing to fear from him, no need to raise any barriers just yet. It might be different if he was a mature alpha.
“I’m more than ok with it, John. I’m happy for you.” Sherlock stroked a hand over John’s hair. “John… may I kiss you? Just your hair. I don’t mind, if you –”
There was the tiniest tap at the door, and then it opened, Sherlock slipping in and locking it behind him as he grinned at the subterfuge of the situation.
“I feel normal,” Sherlock shrugged. “If it happens this week…” he blushed, and looked down to meet John’s eyes. “I guess we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.”
Maybe there’d be time for him to eat a spinach salad before... before what? Sherlock would be going Home, wherever that was, as soon as he could get a flight out. John was going to be a meal, and then an afterthought.
Sherlock went from red to white like flicking a switch, but luckily for him the boys took it as a joke and laughed at the absurdity of it.
“Did you mean it?” Sherlock asked, once the dinner plates were taken away. “What you said, to those lawyers?”
With a sigh, Sherlock realised that was the difference between John and Cam. John was immature, and so not possessive. Cam was. Because Cam’s wants were proper alpha wants. He wanted Sherlock, but was prepared to wait for him.
“Public,” John repeated, unable to stop himself jutting up against Sherlock. “Public, Sherlock… We can’t…”
John sighed, and put his hands over his face. “Where does it all come from?” he mumbled, shuddering as tiredness got hold of his bones, and he regretted not letting himself sleep when he had the chance.
John withdrew his fingers, smearing the slick onto his erection before pressing the thick head of his cock to the soaking, soft and welcoming entrance of his mate. “Breathe out?”
“Why?” Victor laughed out. “Have – have you met you? You’re… amazing. And beautiful, and clever, and rude, and…” he touched the omega’s hair. “And I’ve been falling for you since that first Biology lesson. I just can’t hold it in, anymore.”
There was only one gas tap on the desk, so Sherlock surrendered it to John, and went to work on one of the surrounding benches. He set up his tripod and Bunsen, and started measuring out his chemicals, noting as he did so.
“Sherlock!” Violet came out of the drawing room, and embraced him. “Oh, congratulations!” She kissed him hard on the cheek.
“You just…” Mycroft looked him over, eyes darting from Sherlock’s face to his chest, to his trousers, and back up again. “You look very grown up.”
“You – fuck – need to time them,” Sherlock sat up, looking mildly distressed. “They’ll ask – ow. Ow, ow, it’s not stopping…” he leaned over on all fours, gritting his teeth and making an animalistic groaning sound John had never heard before.
“Wil anyone even believe him?” John asked. “I mean… you look nothing like a girl. I don’t think you ever have.”
‘Sherlock?’ he let himself in. ‘What are you doing? I thought you weren’t going to unpack until we’d bought you a wardrobe?’
They both looked down deliberately, at where their cocks were brushing together, hard flesh against hard flesh, exposed flushed skin betrayed the need of each.
John forced himself upright, and shoved the covers down his bed, picking Lucy up and putting her on his bed before she could really get going. The scent of her mother made her relax, and her dark blue eyes opened as she sniffed the warm, sleepy smell around her.
The front door slammed. “Sherlock!” the sound of John kicking his shoes off could be heard. “Are you in? We owe Lestrade a few weeks of niceness, I think. I pissed him off a bit earlier. And nearly dropped the ball with – oh, hello.” John stopped in the doorway. He looked at Sherlock. “I didn’t realise you had company.”
And it feels like the universe is fading to black, like this is another chance that will go unfulfilled, like this is a moment slipping through their fingers like sand from a broken hourglass.
“Thank you,” John sighed, bitter with disappointment, but disappointment he expected. “I usually have a 32, but…”
“Well, we don’t. We stay at home and have babies and clean the house. That’s what we do for a job,” John kicked at the neatly raked gravel. “So, no, I –”
John opened the student-records on his laptop, and gave Sherlock’s a quick scan. Aside from grades, and names, there was nothing to help John know what sort of student he would be dealing with.
. From his straight shoulders to his unironed shirts to his muscular arms and legs… even when they had kissed – and Sherlock’s groin tensed weirdly when he thought of it – John had been fighting to be in control, to be on top…
“I’m fine…” Sherlock pushed himself up. His arms were covered in dusty dirt. “Your helmet works, anyway.” It was askew on his head, now with a crack in the plastic.
Mycroft took it, and rubbed his chin before answering John. “John, when you left… I don’t for one minute pretend to know how a bond feels, or how it feels when your mate leaves, but Sherlock… I have never seen him quite like it.”
They grinned at each other, and, despite himself, John felt something awkward slip around the region of his stomach.
John couldn’t speak. He was frozen, looking down at the tiny human in his arms. Her eyes opened a fraction, and she glared at him. “Oh, well, she’s got your glare,” he forced out at Sherlock, who was taking a photo on his phone.
“Ok.” Sherlock moved away, and went into the bathroom, coming out in soft pyjamas. He climbed into his side of the bed, not mentioning the twisted sheets. “John… if you –”
‘No,’ Sherlock said. The thought of anyone knowing John was his weak point, and using it against him… that made him feel momentarily ill. And in reverse, of course. ‘No, wait until you’ve graduated. You need to concentrate on your training.’
Sherlock glanced up. And relaxed a fraction as he looked at the visitors. Stamford, back so soon, and... someone else.
"I wanted to make sure I got some sleep..." John yawned so widely he almost dislocated his jaw. "Fucking hell. Coffee."
“It’s not wrapped, I’m afraid,” the man Cam was saying. “I’m not good at that sort of thing. But, the case does need opening.”
“It’s standard practice for a doctor to do the hand-over if they’re involved,” John countered. He looked out of the window, and took several deep breaths. “I suppose you want me to be grateful that you thought to try and find me at all.”
“We had trouble from the start,” Victor sipped his drink. “Bleeding, and throwing up, and pains… She went on bedrest for a bit, and she got better… we were just going shopping for a pram…”
“I know,” Mycroft said, looking somewhat tense on the doorstep. “It is actually you I wish to speak to.”
They parked up, and let themselves out. Violet patted her hair, and they followed the eldest member of the family to the front door, which was already open, Cam standing smiling on the step.
John met Sherlock's eyes. They observed him with a quiet scrutiny until finally, John sighed. "It's not what I want.”
“Fine,” Sherlock shrugged. “Normal.” He picked up two slices of toast and bit into them like a sandwich, not even bothering to butter them. “Why?”
“Hm.” He dismissed the notification. The app had been an excellent investment for 99p. Knowledge was cheap, these days. He had seen the tiny scan pictures John brought home the other week, and you could almost make out that the thing in there was a human being. Or, would be, one day. John had put one of the pictures on the mantlepiece until he got nervous and took it down, worried Lestrade would burst in and see it and ask questions.
Their kisses met again, this time deeper, and with hands moving with more purpose. John flinched as Sherlock touched over his arse, then shuddered and ground against him as Sherlock changed to touch at his crotch, instead.
John rolled his hips back, easing into position on his side, hooking at arm under Sherlock’s knee to hold his leg up, his arse open and stretching around his cock, with the growing knot at the base, just slipping in and out of the moaning omega. He kissed Sherlock’s cheek. “Don’t hide your face, beautiful. I want to watch your face as I fuck you.”
Mycroft was quiet for a moment. Then when he spoke, it was very soft and quiet. “Is this about Doctor Watson?”
“Just something for work,” John sniffed, moving his gaze back to the pages. “Did you want a look? There’s a lot of physiology in it.”
Greg nodded. “No, you’re right. It shouldn’t be. And maybe leaving Sherlock is going to hurt like a bitch, but… breakups always suck, don’t they?”
He mooched around the house, stood in the library playing his violin, and even refused to say goodbye to Mycroft when he went to the airport.
John made a noise of protest at that - the octopus-man had been quite gentle as it touched him so far, like it was learning, or something - but John wasn't sure he wanted one of those tentacles in his mouth, even if the suckers weren't hurting him anymore. He tensed, trying to shuffle back, but he was trapped fast. And the creature ignored his movements, and instead ran the tip of a tentacle over his teeth, bottom and top, before prodding at his tongue. There was no taste whatsoever, which was a relief. The tentacle touched again, winding around John's tongue to grip, before inching towards the back of his throat.
“Not as such. But I don’t think you’ll be hearing from Victor again, anytime soon.” John put his things down, and walked over, touching Sherlock’s head gently. “You ok?”
“There’s a pool out the back. Have a rest, and change, and you can both settle into a deckchair,” Mycroft said.
“I’ve obviously got an incredible tolerance,” Sherlock shrugged, wondering when he was supposed to start feeling relaxed. “Can I..?”
John shook his head. “I don’t think that’s the case. He’s said as much. That he couldn’t take on another alpha’s child.”
John’s heart clanged to the floor like a stone. He covered it with a smile. “Thanks. For sticking around, I guess.”
John wondered if they were deliberately trying to make him feel bad, because it was working. “He probably just wants to get away from me,” he forced out, trying to sound like he was joking, and failing miserably.
John flinched, waking up with a sudden jolt – a habit he’d got into since Birdie, and immediately looked around for her, relaxing when he saw he was safely in the Moses basket. ‘Uh,’ he rubbed his jaw. ‘What time is it?’
The group looked uncomfortable. ‘Well, there must be a reason for it all,’ someone said. ‘Or else it wouldn’t be allowed, would it? There must be some science or something behind it.’
and I’m scared! I’m scared, John, I’m really, really scared…” Sherlock started crying again, leaning towards the alpha for comfort.
Sherlock put his hand in his pocket, like he was saving John’s tiny touch. “Enjoy those books, John.”
John looked at himself in the mirror, running a hand over his changed shape, hating every curve of it. Maybe, if he’d been the traditional sort of curvy omega since his teens, this wouldn’t be a shock. But the changes for John had been extreme, turning him from a toned and muscular soldier to a soft and curvaceous mother-to-be. John’s formerly flat stomach was rounded out, with a dark line running from his navel to his band of his briefs. His chest had changed from firm pectorals to what looked like soft breasts, albeit small ones that weren’t noticeable through his clothes (he reminded himself to be thankful for small mercies – some omega men needed bras when they were pregnant). The worst change, in John’s opinion, was his hips – his bones had actually changed shape to accommodate the weight at the front of his body, and he knew they would never go back to the slender set they had been – his pelvis was permanently altered.
