Harry returned shortly after, his arms loaded up with pizza boxes, chicken wings and rolls of garlic bread. “Grubs up!” he announced cheerfully as he dumped everything onto the table beside the fire and then collapsed into the seat next to Rori. “They’re not given you a hard time, are they?” he asked his girlfriend.
“Now Aurora,” David continued, “There’s not much we know about you so why don’t you tell us a bit about yourself? How is that the world was unaware of you for 17 years?”
“I saw the fan videos,” she explained in a soft whisper. “I couldn’t sit at home, knowing that you needed me.”
“Shhh, I’m here bug,” he soothed, already exiting the library and heading for where the triage point had been set up. “Everything’s gonna be ok.”
“And we’re going nowhere,” Rori mumbled, blushing as soon as the words left her mouth. Harry laughed loudly, clasping a hand to his chest as he lent backwards on his stool and for a brief moment, she worried that he would fall.
“Like I was going to wait until morning for the album release. I wanted to see how all the Brit fans were reacting to it before the Americans wake up.”
“The fireworks triggered her PTSD I think, so I got her down here as quick as I could, but I can’t get her to calm down,” Harry said in a rush, his own face wet with tears.
Steve watched his daughter walk away from him, his face softening at the skip in her step and he knew that no matter how angry Tony was going to be, it was worth it to see her excited about anything again. The smile on her face was worth it and he decided to wait to tell his husband until afterwards, when he would have videos and photos to help explain why she needed to do this.
“Thanks Aurora,” the newest Avenger replied. “Not sure what I’ve gotten myself into with this one,” he gestured towards Steve, who rolled his eyes. “Should be good fun though.”
Aurora had wanted to surprise both Harry and Louis with her arrival, so she had contacted Niall to help her organise everything and he sent a car to collect them from the airport. The blond Irishman bounded out of the back entry to the O2 Arena when the car pulled up, a bright grin lighting up his face as he opened the door and pulled Rori through the door and into his arms. “God, I missed you Darling,” he said as he hugged her tightly. “How you feeling?”
“It was your dad’s idea,” Harry replied, reaching out to take one of her hands in his, playing with her fingers absently as they spoke.
“Please don’t scare me like that again kiddo,” Tony begged, his own tears welling in his eyes as he gazed at his daughter. “We can’t lose you, ok?”
“I feel so bad that they had to change their performance because of me, especially since I went and sang in London less than 2 weeks later.”
“Like Tony said,” Steve replied, “Aurora’s so incredible and being her dad is probably the best thing I’ve ever done with my life. I’m very lucky to have her as my daughter. As our daughter.”
“You know if you want to convince me to stop be so overbearing maybe don’t remind me of the other time you almost died.
. Aurora had already watched it through when it was tested out during sound check and she was so impressed with the production team. They’d only been notified of the change at 9am that day and had turned around an entire visual segment in only a few hours. Aurora had edited her demo of the song that she and Harry had recorded over the summer and had been waiting to post it early next year, but she sent it to the team and let them use the footage. She’d smiled sadly as she watched it back early in the day, watching herself playing the piano and laughing so easily with the boys, a bittersweet tinge to the otherwise happy memories.
Something she often did with tracks she wrote for other artists was to record her own version and a few months after they released their track, she would release her version on her YouTube channel; a series she called
“You have to go,” Rori urged, pushing him away gently, noticing Niall still waiting by the gate. “Call me when you land.”
“Ease up Lou,” Harry chuckled at his excitement. “How about we wait until the morning when we’re all sober to start planning anything out?”
“Thank you, Steve!” Aurora replied with a smile. “Now if you don’t mind me, I’m gonna go before I’m late on my first day.”
“I’ll get a meeting organized,” Pepper promised. “Do you want to fly to London, or shall I have her flown here?”
“I won’t be alone H. I’ve got Dad and Pops and the rest of the team. They’re not gonna let me fall. I know it won’t be easy but you’re right, I can do this.”
She looked towards the ceiling as she uttered the final line, the tears she had felt building throughout the performances finally falling down her checks as the song came to a close and she was met by a loud applause from the hundreds of guests.
Aurora was relieved when Happy pulled the town car into the tower’s underground carpark and she let Harry help her out of the car and into the elevator. She leaned heavily against him as Tony and Steve joined them and the car slowly ascended to the penthouse apartment. She was exhausted and was grateful for Harry’s strong arms holding her up by the time the doors opened. They stepped out together and slowly made their way over to the nearby sofa. After helping her to ease herself down onto the cushions, Harry excused himself for a moment.
The morning after her birthday dinner, Aurora met Harry for Sunday brunch at a trendy café in east London. While they knew they were risking being spotted together, neither could say they really cared, and they decided that while they wouldn’t publicly announce their relationship, they also wouldn’t actively try to hide from the world either. Luckily no one seemed to pay them much attention as they ate, chatting happily and nocking their feet against each other under the table. Aurora had often felt herself marvelling at the normalcy of talking to Harry. In the 6 weeks she had known him he had never once acted like the majority of famous people she’d encountered since moving to New York. He didn’t flaunt his wealth; he didn’t name drop other famous people he knew; he was just like any other 20 year old guy Rori might meet at university. They talked about sports, movies, books and other normal things that normal couples talked about, but most of all they talked music. Aurora found that they had similar taste in genres, although Harry didn’t understand her fascination with American country music, no matter how much she tried to explain the appeal of the storytelling and simple chords in her favourite songs. Louise had introduced her to a steady diet of 70s and 80s pop and rock, and she and Ella had obsessed over 90s and 2000s pop, but it wasn’t until she’d moved to the US a few years earlier that she’d really encountered country music. Now her music taste was so varied her go to playlists would jump from the Beatles to ACDC, Lady Gaga to Rascal Flats, Backstreet Boys to Linkin Park or Mayday Parade. As she’d told Harry, she firmly believed that enjoying every genre of music made her a better song writer.
Liam was nowhere in sight when the countdown began, a cool wind whipping through the partiers aboard the boat. Louis and Niall raised their glasses to the sky as they screamed out the count with those around them, drunkenly kissing each other on the cheek as the clock hit midnight and Harry pulled Aurora to him, kissing her deeply. The night sky lit up with the fireworks display, the colours bursting and reflecting off the surface of the Thames below them.
Steve was pulled out of his memories as JARVIS announced that Pepper Potts was on her way up in the elevator to speak with Tony. He liked the feisty blonde and enjoyed the fact that she was one of the only people he had met thus far who seemed to be able to manage Tony. Unlike most people around them, she was not cowed by his arrogance but instead matched his stubbornness with her own. When Pepper stepped out of the elevator, Steve instantly stiffened defensively as he read the nervous expression on her face and the tense way her shoulders bunched while she walked over to where Tony had still yet to look up from his tablet.
“That would be great,” Harry said with a huge grin. “You should come with us for some of the tour before you go back to school.”
“Seriously though. We went to the X Factor finale and were crying when they didn’t win and now you know them and talk to them and you’re going to their game’s night! You better introduce me at some point or you’re a terrible best friend.”
“Are you ok?” the guy asked, offering his hand out to help Aurora off the ground. Before Aurora could even thank the man for saving her, she heard the unmistakable sound of repulsors charging up to fire.
It all happened very fast. One moment the two women were giggling and slipping on the wet road, the next the screech of tires had them both turning towards the fast approaching headlights careening towards them. Aurora didn’t have the chance to react before her mother pushed her slightly and then all of a sudden, she felt herself bouncing up and over the hood of the car, the sound of a scream ripping through the air, accompanied by breaking glass and crunching metal.
Christmas in Avengers tower that year was a big event. It was the second Christmas the group was spending together and as such they were very comfortable around each other and excited to spend the holiday as a family. Aurora, Natasha and Bruce had put up the tree on the first weekend of December and everyone had helped with the decorating over mugs of hot chocolate. JARVIS provided a steady stream of festive music throughout the month and there were bells, garlands and boughs of holly strung across every surface of the penthouse. Throughout the entirety of December, either Aurora or Steve filled the kitchen with the smells of gingerbread cookies, pecan pies, yule logs, mince pies and Christmas puddings. In the final week leading up to Christmas Aurora sat her first university exams, feeling utterly relieved when they were finally over. She and Harry had been texting and FaceTiming constantly since meeting the previous month, and she was growing more and more attached to the pop star.
“I guess this was inevitable,” Rori sighed as she scrolled through the responses with Tony reading over her shoulder. The reaction to the theory was mixed; some fans agreed, others thought there was a collab in the works or that Rori would be supporting the boys on the American leg of their current tour, and still others thought it was laughable and that she was too ugly and talentless to be dating Harry. “What do you suggest?”
Harry opened his arms in silent invitation, breathing a sigh of relief when she accepted, nestling against his chest as his arms wrapped around her protectively.
“Everyone not in the band, out, now!” he yelled. Confused looks were exchanged before the order was followed and within a few minutes the room was empty of everyone except the four boys.
and then before Aurora could really believe it was all over, the song ended, and the boys pulled each other into a group hug. She let a few tears drip down her cheeks as she watched them take in the screams of their fans one last time and then it was done, and they made their way off the stage. The rest of the show passed by in a blur and Aurora didn’t even really get to enjoy Adele’s performance as she was so eager to get backstage with the lads. As soon as the cameras were off, Aurora, Ella and the rest of the families were quickly escorted backstage by security and led into the boys dressing room. Aurora hugged each of them, first Liam then Niall, she clung to Louis for a long time and then he passed her off to Harry who squeezed her tight, dipping his head to bury his face in the crook of her neck and she felt her skin damp with his tears. She didn’t say anything, instead holding him a little tighter while he pulled himself back together.
“Omg dad, shut up!” Rori yelled, throwing Clint’s pillow at her father’s head, huffing in annoyance when he dodged it.
“Of course,” Simon replied, reaching out to hug her. “A pleasure to meet you darling. I’ve heard great things about you.”
“Brought someone to meet you,” he said, pulling back from the hug and Anne’s eyes widen as he reached back, taking Aurora’s hand and pulling her to his side.
birthday. Helen and Greg were there of course, as was Ella’s mum Rebecca, the Stag regulars Tom, David, Mick and Jim were also there, but it was the unexpected addition of the 5 other men amongst the small group that surprised Rori. Harry’s smile split across his face as their eyes locked, Liam, Niall, Louis and Zayn standing next to him. Helen ordered everyone to pull up a seat as she began dishing up hearty servings of the best looking Sunday roast Rori had ever seen, but before she could take the seat left for her at the head of the table, Harry was by her side.
And then they sang the last chorus together, occasionally alternating lines, dipping in and out of the lyrics, watching each other to read which lines to take and which to leave for the other.
Aurora was euphoric as she felt the energy of the crowd surrounding her and the music blasting from the speakers. The entire stadium felt electrified and she felt a grin splitting her face apart as she screamed along to the song. In that moment she felt as if she had been transported back in time, she was suddenly the 15 year old standing in the crowd of the X Factor live tour with her best friend and their mums, screaming along to the same 5 boys, only now she was 19 and it was no longer Liam that held her attention. She hadn’t been able to look away from Harry since the moment he’d stepped out on stage and her heart soared to see the pure joy on his face as he danced across the stage with his 4 best friends, his brothers, singing his heart out to the sold out Manchester crowd.
“It was my managers idea,” Rori said. “I just wanted to post a music video on my YouTube channel, but he said we needed to go all out.”
“Here at the Late Show we are no stranger to billionaire Tony Stark, who has appeared on the show countless times in our 20 years on the air. In recent years we have come to know him as Iron Man and last year, in the wake of the tragic Battle of New York, he shocked fans when the tabloids broke the story that he had a 17 year old daughter. Since then the Stark family have remained tight lipped about the mysterious young woman, but tonight I am joined by Miss Aurora Stark in her first public interview. Aurora thank you for joining me this evening.”
“I’ve been writing a lot,” Rori said. “So, I think I could probably start churning out demos a lot faster than I was last year. Might need you to find me a guitarist and drummer.”
Rori ran her hands over the skirt of her golden floor-length gown, ensuring that she had not creased it while she had been curled up on the floor. Harry reached forward, pushing a loose strand of hair back into place.
“I love you too. God, I don’t want to get on that plane,” Harry said. “I want to stay here with you and never leave again.”
Harry offered a small chuckle in response to her attempt to lighten the mood. “Normal’s overrated,” he said.
Halfway through the week, while they were cuddled together on the sofa, watching a movie, Rori’s phone began blowing up with notifications.
“We should be thanking you,” Joe laughed. “We’re the ones that have 3 incredible tracks for the next album thanks to you. I don’t think we’ve ever had such a productive two weeks in our lives.”
“Sure thing, love,” Anne smiled, kissing Harry’s cheek before she left with one last wish of good luck.
Steve Rogers stood in the penthouse of Stark Tower, looking out the window across central park. Tony was sitting nearby on the sofa, tapping away on his tablet and Steve took a moment to reminisce. It had been a little over a year since he had been pulled from the ice and woke to the 21
Don't forget to check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
“I think in all the craziness I forgot to congratulate you,” Rori said. “Must feel pretty good to have won tonight.”
“Hello,” she began nervously, looking out over the sea of people filling the room. “Thank you for being here tonight to help celebrate the love of two men who mean the world to me. Dad, Steve, I love both of you more than I can possibly explain. You inspire me every day and you show me what true love is. I’m not very good at public speaking, so instead of a speech, I have written you a song. It’s about the love I see between the two of you and the love I feel in our family. I hope you like it.”
After the ceremony, while the guests made their way to the gilded Terrace Room, the wedding party made their way outside and across the street to take photos in Central Park, before returning to the hotel to be formally introduced to the waiting guests. Rhodey escorted Aurora into the room first and the pair made their way to the table at the head of the room as behind them Tony and Steve made their entrance, hand in hand to the announcement of, “Mr and Mr Stark-Rogers.”
As the final notes faded out, Harry stepped around the microphone and swept Aurora into his arms, kissing her deeply as they both forgot about everyone else in the room, or the camera set up on the tripod to record the process.
“Fans,” she began, “fans have been posting videos from the last few shows and Harry’s a mess. He’s hurting and it’s my fault.”
“How you feeling love?” Louis asked watching with a soft smile the way she leaned into Harry’s side and he instantly wrapped his arm around her shoulder.
“Now that we’ve talked family life, let’s talk music,” Letterman said. “You started your band not long after you moved to New York, is that correct?”
“Oh, Harry’s family just got here,” Rori said, breaking through Jay’s thoughts. “I better go say hi.”
Aurora barely wasted a moment to drop her bags inside the little beachfront cottage that they’d rented before she was out the door and heading down to the warm sand. Harry joined her a few moments later, wrapping his arms around her stomach as he came up behind where she was standing, her eyes closed and face turned towards the water, soaking up the afternoon sunlight, their toes digging into the sand below them.
They all clambered to their feet and followed the pair into the elevator. The doors closed at the lift descended, the doors reopening on the floor that housed the workshop and Steve’s art studio. Instead of heading straight towards the workshop’s doors, or left towards the studio, Tony led the group towards the right, throwing open a set of double doors with a dramatic flourish. Rori froze as she took in the space, unable to speak in the face of such an overwhelming gift. Tony turned towards her, his face falling as soon as he caught sight of the tears falling down her cheeks. He quickly rushed forward, pulling her into his arms and holding her tightly against his cheeks. “Don’t you like it?” he asked, anxiety thickening his voice.
As always please check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
“It’s just a dream,” Tony soothed from behind her. “It’s not real. You’re safe. It’s just a dream.” His hand continued to rub along her spine, avoiding her injured shoulder as he tried to calm her panicked breathes. “We’ve got you. You’re ok.”
Unlike the previous night’s show, Aurora watched the second show from the side of stage with the rest of Harry’s family, dancing with Gemma to their favourite tracks. Following the show, Harry and Aurora headed back to the hotel with the rest of the boys and in the morning Rori joined the band as they travelled north for a midweek show in Edinburgh before heading to London for 3 shows at Wembley.
The music was pumping and while the boys were chatting with people, Rori pulled Ella and Lottie out onto the dance floor. At some point a few songs later, Harry looked out onto the dance floor, smiling as he took in Aurora’s face lit up with laughter as she danced with her friends. Louis’ eyes followed Harry’s to where Rori was dancing with his sister and Ella.
Following the afterparty, Aurora ordered an Uber for Ella and then headed back to Harry’s place with him. As soon as they got inside, she kicked off her heels, leaving them in the entry hall and squealed when Harry scooped her up in his arms, carrying her upstairs to his bedroom. He set her back down on her feet once they made it into his room and attached his mouth to hers in a desperate kiss.
Rori’s eyes widened and Anne chuckled. “I’m sure you already know this but he’s quite fond of you, love. You’ve made quite the impression.”
Harry met her at the gallery space in the afternoon, the day before the opening night, watching on as she instructed staff as to where each of the 18 pieces should hang and he felt so incredibly proud of her. She’d worked so hard on each painting and to see them all hung together allowed him to finally see the theme she had running through the entire series that she had been explaining to him for the last few weeks.
“Doesn’t look like anyone is really sure, but I think it’s safe to assume it was Steve and Nat. Apparently 3 helicarriers were crashed into the ground.” Harry continued to scroll as he spoke, searching for more information as Rori frantically pulled her own phone from her pocket and dialled her father’s number. “Oh God,” he gasped suddenly, causing her head to snap towards him as the dial tone filled her ear. “Your dad was pulled from the river unconscious; he’s been taken to a nearby hospital.”
“It’s crazy that either of us here now,” Bucky admitted. They continued to talk idly until Steve walked over to the kitchen to refill his and Rori’s drinks. The moment he was out of earshot, Bucky looked between Rori and Harry with a nervous glance. “I understand that you’re both concerned,” he said. “I am too, but I promise you that I’m not a threat.”
“That’s very sweat of you H, but I’m not having sex with you on a crowded boat,” Rori chuckled. Harry pouted and returned to leaning against her shoulder, his arms tightening around her waist instead.
She bit at her bottom lip, torn between desperately wanting to attend the school of her dreams but feeling uncomfortable using her newfound privilege to get in when plenty of other kids had worked hard for years to audition for their place.
It was a sunny day in late October and Rori was on her way home from classes at Columbia. Since she had no reason to be in a hurry, she had opted to walk home through Central Park, which would take about an hour instead of the 20 minute subway ride she usually took to reach Avengers Tower. She had her sunglasses on, headphones in and music blasting as she strolled through the park. As she walked, her music cut out to be replaced by her ring tone, and instead of pulling her phone from her pocket, she raised her hand glancing at the screen of her StarkWatch. Her managers face displayed on the small device and she quickly answered the call.
Check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
Aurora’s knee bounced nervously as the van pulled up out the front of Harry’s family home. He reached across to place a comforting hand on her thigh, stilling the anxious movement. “Just be yourself,” he whispered in her ear as the other boys climbed out of the van. “They’ll love you; I promise.”
“I miss you too. Can’t wait for you to be back here. My family is excited to meet you. My mum won’t stop talking about it.”
“You didn’t really think that was all you were getting, did you?” Tony scoffed, already standing and pulling Rori to her feet. “Come along everyone, the gift is downstairs.”
“I was talking to Pops on the phone the other night and he seems really excited to be getting his friend back.”
“Aurora Louise Stark, I love you so much,” he began softly. “Loving you and being loved by you has made me the happiest and the luckiest man on earth. I’ve wanted to ask you this for so long now and I was waiting for us to be together again at Christmas to finally ask you, but things haven’t gone the way any of us expected. I spent 8 hours on a plane fearing that by the time I got here I’d be too late, and I just kept thinking that I couldn’t lose you. I couldn’t imagine my life without you, and I don’t ever want to find out what that would be like. I want to spend every minute of every day of the rest of our lives making sure you know how much I love you. Rori, will you marry me?”
“It’s kind of insane how much everything’s changed in the last 5 years, isn’t it? I mean you and Harry are engaged!”
“Thank you, love,” Harry replied. “I think we all feel really grateful, you know, but I should be the one congratulating you. I mean it’s not often someone debuts their solo career on national tv.”
Aurora looked across the gallery, taking in the 18 canvases on the exposed brick walls. Each work was made up of a pair a canvases, hanging next to each other with a metre gap between each pair and the next. The first pair was made up of a painting of the Iron Man armour and on it’s matching canvas there was a painting of her father cooking pasta in the kitchen. The next pair of canvases similarly showed the two apposing sides of her Pops, with one painting depicting Captain America in his full uniform, while the other showed Steve standing by an easel, paint splatted on his white undershirt and a soft smile on his face. The rest of the series continued along the same theme, showing each member of the Avengers team as the superhero the world new and the family member that Aurora loved; Clint was laughing as he threw balls of paper at the back of Sam’s head, Bruce was mid-yoga pose, Nat was dancing, Thor was playing video games, Sam was laying on his bed listening to music with his headphones on, and Bucky was reading a book.
Aurora nodded and ran her right hand over the white blouse she was wearing, smoothing it out. She’d taken off the sling, while her hand remained in its bulky brace and tucked against her ribs to keep her shoulder or collarbone from hurting. She took a deep breath and turned back towards the stage to watch as the crew set up 5 mic stands in front of 5 stools and Harry’s voice filled the arena.
“Aurora!” she cried, already rushing around the end of the bar. Rori pushed forward, the two women colliding in a hug as Tony and Steve finally walked through the door. While Rori and Helen continued to hug each other tightly, the men looked around the small pub, they had been there once before, the previous year and from what they could tell nothing had changed. Yellowed lights still hung from the low wood-panelled ceiling and rickety chairs and tables still filled the floorspace, while the same old patrons perched at the bar nursing their drinks. It was rundown and old, nothing like the types of places Tony usually found himself in, but Steve liked its charm and could easily picture a little Rori running around, dodging between the tables and getting up to mischief. The two women finally pulled apart from their hug as Helen’s husband Greg joined them. While Greg pulled Rori in for another warm hug, Helen turned to Steve and Tony. “It’s so good to see you two boys again,” she told them, already herding them towards a booth against the side wall. “Have a seat and we’ll get you something to eat. What would you like?”
Harry joined them after a few minutes more of conversation, pulling Aurora against his chest with an arm slung low around her waist and they spent the rest of the afternoon before the show chatting with everyone and catching up. There was no sadness in this being the last show, and instead everyone was simply enjoying celebrating the last 5 years of friendships.
More songs written by Rori that she has released her own demo's for - https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5UgzRb9uw8SSbnwvIDpc61?si=5thUrmNASuyDXXvyQkuB7A
“Why don’t we have a Christmas tree or any decorations?” She asked once Tony lowered the volume of his music. “JARVIS said you went all out last year, but if you look around upstairs, you’d have no idea it was December.”
“We can talk before you go to the hospital then.” Sam stood up from where he’d been kneeling on the floor and headed for the door. “JARVIS can you let them know when the fireworks have stopped?” he asked before he left the room.
Finally, after near an hour, Aurora drew quiet and sank into Steve’s embrace. Her breathing evened out as she fell asleep and he leant himself back against the headboard to get comfortable as she buried herself into his chest. The two men shared a meaningful look across their daughters’ head and then Steve closed his eyes, settling himself in for the rest of the night, his arms still wrapped around Rori’s body.
They did as they were told, heading down the hallway towards Aurora’s room and the large bathroom leading off from it.
Steve felt himself stiffen as she described the same scenes that have kept him from sleep for the past 2 weeks. In his nightmares he hears her begging for her life but by the time he reaches the library she’s bled out on the carpet and he holds her while he cries, unable to save one of the 2 most important people in his life. Now sitting in her room, holding her while she cried, his heart broke to know that she had just dreamt the same horrifying scene.
“No,” Steve replied immediately. “If I hadn’t been so hellbent on joining the army I wouldn’t have been given the serum and I never would have come out of ice or met Tony… or you.”
“Goodbye,” Rori choked, tears pooling in her eyes. “He said goodbye and that he loved me and that he was grateful that we’d found each other and then he was through the portal and the connection dropped out. I watched on the TV as the portal closed and even though the line was dead, I kept my phone pressed to my ear.”
She returned his smile, adjusting her headphones. “Let’s do it,” she said, clearing her throat before the familiar sound of her keys filled their ears.
He shook his head in bafflement, blowing her a kiss as the music began to swell and Liam sang the first lines of
“Often!” Jay replied, joining in with Rori’s laughter and drawing Louis attention away from his sisters.
“Technically this is my third chance,” Aurora explained. “My second chance was when mum died and I survived. This is technically my third chance.”
“Now I’ve got to head back to my seat before the lads think I’ve done a runner, but please tell me you’ll be at the after party?”
“Don’t apologize. I’d be dealing with twitter rumours no matter who the internet thought I was dating,” she promised.
“I… I don’t think I’m ready,” Rori replied. “I know it won’t be as easy as it was, and I’m scared to find out I can’t do anything the way I used to.”
They stayed at the Twist house for the rest of the afternoon before the boys headed back to the city for soundcheck and preshow preparations. Aurora stayed behind after Anne and Robin offered to give her lift when they headed in for the show later in the day. Despite only having spent a few hours with Anne, Robin and Gemma, Aurora found herself fitting into the family dynamic easily. She hadn’t realised how starved she had been for a maternal figure in her life until Anne had welcomed her with open arms. Her own mother had only been gone for 3 and a half years, and while no one would ever replace Louise, Aurora found herself comforted by Anne’s presence.
“What happened?” he asked, following her into the kitchen and watching as she set about making a cup of tea to settle her nerves, shaking his head when she gestured to a second mug. She explained as the kettle boiled and then took a seat at the island bench, her mug clutched in her hands. “What were you thinking walking home on your own this late?”
“I’m going to be in and out of surgery for months,” she replied, keeping her voice soft and level in an attempt to keep this from turning into a fight. “I can’t put my life on hold because of it. Everything else is healed and I asked Dr Walker about it before I came home. She agreed that it’s perfectly safe for me to go about my day as normally as possible as long as I keep the brace on and take pain killers when I need them. I need to start living my life again Dad.”
“I’m talking to Aurora, Lou,” Harry explained, drawing his friend’s attention to the girl sitting next to him.
“They’ll probably thank you,” Rori laughed. “They’re honestly the weirdest. They’re always trying to convince me to go to parties and be young or whatever. I mean they were troublemakers their whole lives and then they had this shy 16 year old land on their doorstep and they’re baffled by me.”
Rori’s head shot up as Tony’s voice interrupted her internal debate, catching him smirking at her. “I’m not!” she said defensively.
“Thank you,” Rori replied with a soft smile, very aware of both of her fathers watching their interaction. “I never expected you to be here, or the other guys.”
“I’ll go with her and make sure she’s safe,” Steve continued, ignoring Tony’s snipe. “We’ll take the jet, go for a few days and then come straight back.”
“We’re all exhausted,” he explained. “None of us have gotten the chance to see our families or live our lives for more than a few weeks at a time in years. We’re in our early 20s and we’ve been working non-stop for the last 5 years. Zayn leaving just made us realise that this isn’t healthy for any of us and we decided we should take a year or two off now before any of us burn out. I don’t want any of them to leave like he did, I can’t do that again. If we all take a break now, we can make sure that doesn’t happen. I just hope the fans don’t hate us for it.”
“No, I don’t mean leave for the tour. I mean leave me,” she continued, her voice quiet and full of fear. “I’m broken Harry. I might never be the same ever again and you deserve so much more than this.”
“What part of take it easy translates to an arena performance for you?” he yelled when Steve answered the phone.
Aurora reached for her StarkWatch on her wrist, scrolling through the menu to pull up the panic button Tony had shown her when he’d first designed the product, the same button she’d used the previous year the night that she’d almost been mugged in central park and first met Peter. She hit the button, knowing that JARVIS would alert any Avenger in the state. “J activate Eyes and Ears protocol,” she whispered, ensuring that the AI was now recording everything that the microphone picked up, while muting any and all notifications so as not to draw attention to herself. “Send the following alert to Avengers; There’s a shooter on campus. I’m in the library and they sound like they’re close to…”
“Then a tree you shall have,” Tony announced, attempting to lighten the mood. He knew had succeeded when her face lit up with a grin. “Let’s go get Steve and we’ll go pick one out.”
“I’m what?” She gasped, lurching to a halt in the middle of the footpath in shock. “Holy Shit Mark!”
“I’m not sure I could handle a big party or anything, but a tree and some decorations would be nice,” she replied.
The concert continued on with Rori having an incredible time, letting herself pretend she was just another fan in the crowd, screaming along to her favourite songs, but every so often when he passed by her section of the crowd, Harry’s smile would grow and he would throw a wink or blow a kiss in her direction, causing those around her to meltdown and swoon at their idol. Half a dozen songs after he first spotted her, all 5 boys returned to the raised section of staging and Harry sat himself down directly in front of her, with Niall sitting to his left with his guitar. The young couple locked eyes as Zayn sang the opening lines of
“Steve said you were smart,” Bucky replied, seemingly unaffected by Auroras blunt words. “Glad to see he was right. I don’t trust myself completely either but we’re working on it. I’m doing therapy to help with the brainwashing and your dad is fixing my arm. I’ll earn your trust.”
“No, I didn’t,” Rori admitted. “I’m so sorry Harry. I just thought I’d been doing so well and the pyrotechnics at the X Factor didn’t set me off at all, so I figured I’d be fine tonight.”
“Ok,” Tony sighed, still not happy with the idea, but recognising that he would not win this fight. “Will you at least take the Jet please?”
“What the fuck is happening?” Rori asked her father, receiving a heavy sigh in response. “I’m looking at everything online and JARVIS is saying they’ve gone completely off the grid.”
“They tweeted out a link to your video and they want to collaborate with you for their next album,” Mark explained, a smile clear in his voice as he pictured her excited expression.
“I know you can, and you know I’m here whenever you want to talk. Some days you’re gonna feel like everything’s good and then it’ll hit you out of nowhere. PTSD’s a bitch so don’t let it make you think you’re weak or that there’s something wrong with you, ok?”
The last pair of canvases showed the team assembled together on the left, as if preparing for battle and on the right, they were all collapsed on sofas, bean bags and recliners, staring off at an unseen flat screen tv out of frame. The overall effect of the series was clear, or so Aurora hoped. No person was one thing; identity was multifaceted and complicated and different people saw different aspects of everyone’s identity. Aurora hoped that the collection would encourage people to view those around them as multifaceted individuals with hopes and dreams and families and insecurities. Since becoming a public figure 3 years ago this was something that had plagued Aurora’s mind; to so many people on the internet she was the one thing they believed her to be. For some that was a privileged white girl, for others she was just a song writer, while others saw her merely as the girlfriend of Harry Styles or the daughter of Tony Stark. In truth she was all of those things, but she was also a normal girl, who grew up in a tiny apartment above a London pub, she was the product of a single mother who worked every day of her life to give her daughter the best life she could, and she was also so much more. That was the message she hoped this show would portray, the mark she hoped to leave on those who came to view her work, to imagine people complexly.
“I really thought I’d be ok,” she said. “Last year was so much easier with you and your family, but this year I feel like I can’t breathe.”
The nightmares started the first night after Harry left to finish the tour. Aurora woke up screaming and JARVIS immediately alerted Tony and Steve, prompting them to rush to their daughters’ room. She was sitting up in the middle of her bed, drenched in sweat and sobbing in the darkness, her bed sheets tangled around her legs. At first, she jerked away from their hands, before realising who they were and throwing herself into Steve’s arms. Tony ran a gentle hand up and down her back as the pair attempted to sooth her.
A few days after Christmas Aurora, Tony and Steve made their way to JFK and boarded the Stark private jet, bound for London, where they had plans to stay for two weeks before flying home to New York in time for Rori to go back to college. After arriving and checking into their hotel, Tony organised for a car to pick them up and they headed south of the city towards Wimbledon. Aurora was bouncing with excitement once the car finally pulled to a stop out the front of the Golden Stag pub, and she was already opening the front door by the time either Tony or Steve had left the car. She stepped into the pub, familiar scents and sounds washing over her for a moment before Helen looked up from behind the bar, her eyes lighting up as soon as she saw the younger woman.
“So, I’ve had an idea for tomorrow night,” Louis announced. “Since it’s the last night of tour and Rori’s graced us with her presence, what if we pulled you out on stage with us love and you joined us for a song?”
“Of course, I’ll keep it secret,” El promised. “Can I tell mum though?” She breathed a sigh of relief when the brunette nodded. “ You have to admit that this is bizarre,” Ella continued. “Imagine going back in time and telling 15 year old Rori that she’d grow up to date Harry. Omg your kids are gonna be so adorable and the wedding! The wedding will be the event of the fucking season.”
“You shouldn’t blame Pops for my choices,” Aurora said, finally crossing the room to stand in front of him.
“Merry Christmas sweetheart,” Anne called out once Rori closed the car door behind her and crossed the small front garden to greet the older women. Harry joined them a moment later with Rori’s bags in his arms and Anne lead them both into the house. Even though they’d only been outside for a few moments, Aurora’s nose was red from the cold and she gratefully removed her coat, hanging it on the hooks in the entry hall. They continued on towards the kitchen from which Aurora could smell the roast in the oven. Robin was standing in the kitchen, waiting for the kettle to boil as he prepared cups of tea for the four of them, and he happily hugged Aurora in greeting before turning back his task. Once the tea was ready, they all sat down around the kitchen table, catching each other up on everything since Aurora had last visited during the summer.
“Thank you so much for the last 5 years boys,” she said in the video. “You have reached so many people and your music has been the soundtrack of so many people’s lives . I love you all so much. Please don’t take too long to find your way back to each other. The world’s a better place with you by each other’s sides.”
Aurora smirked at her phone as she read Harry’s text. She had actually finished her exams two days ago but had told Harry that she had one more today which is why she couldn’t make it back to the UK in time for the bands Manchester shows. He’d floated the idea months earlier, wanting her to meet his mum, stepfather and his sister. When she’d told him that her exams didn’t finish in time for her to make it to the show, they had made a new plan for his family to travel down to London for the shows the following week and Aurora would fly in to meet them before joining the band on the European leg of the tour. Unbeknown to Harry, Aurora was currently at the airport, waiting for the StarkJet to depart for Manchester airport. She would arrive on the day of the first of two shows in Harry’s home city and she was excited to surprise her boyfriend and finally meet his family.
“And you smashed it,” Harry said, squeezing her hand gently in his. “It really was incredible. The emotion and the power of that was just something else. I’m sure your mum would be really proud.”
“Oh, you too,” the shorter man replied. “Harry hasn’t shut up since he met you backstage earlier. He’s had a massive crush on you for ages.”
Pepper looked across the table to where Rhodey was watching the pair gasp for breath, Rori reaching out to grab onto Tony’s shoulder as if to steady herself. As if sensing Peppers gaze on him, Rhodey looked up and the two shared a soft smile at their friends’ joy. They had both been a part of Tony’s life for such a long time and had seen him at his lowest point, so to see him now, with a family that brought him such joy, was the best Christmas present either of them could have possibly received.
Aurora looked between both of them in confusion. “You two are the weirdest parents ever,” she declared, to which they both just shrugged with another laugh.
While he was talking, Aurora scrolled across a tweet about her and she quickly read it out to Harry.
“That’s why I knew I had to do an interview,” she explained. “If I keep hiding, then people will just prod and poke until they find out what they want to know. At least this way I can be in control of how the story gets told.”
“I guess it’s my turn to be embarrassed now?” Harry asked timidly, pulling her attention back to him.
“Make yourself at home,” he replied with a warm smile, moving his feet to make space for her on the sofa next to him. She sat down, looking around the room, taking in the finished art hanging on the walls and some of his unfinished pieces on easels over by the large window.
A few days after the day she spent in Steve’s art studio with him, Rori made her way downstairs to Tony’s workshop. She asked JARVIS to announce her presence outside the glass door, watching Tony stare intently at the screen in front of him before he snapped his eyes up to look at her, a smile stretching across his face as he spoke, clearly telling JARVIS to let her in as the door slid open a moment later.
When she awoke from the anaesthetic, Tony was sitting beside her bed once again, his hand wrapped around her hand, the other sweeping her hair off her brow.
“I love you,” Harry murmured once her laughter died to down to quiet chuckles. “You look so beautiful. This dress is incredible.”
“Thank you, Robin,” she said and then was distracted from the conversation when Gemma jogged across the room towards her.
Harrys stayed for the rest of the week, enjoying spending time with Rori without the pressure and constant scheduling of being on tour. He also enjoyed spending time with her family. He would sit with Rori while she sketched on the sofa in Tony’s workshop, watching her father and Peter working away on whatever project had their attention at any given moment. He’d chat with Rori while she drew, her feet perched in his lap and one of his hands resting softly on her thigh. Sometimes she’d be sketching Tony and Peter, sometimes it was Harry and sometimes it was a landscape she could see only in her mind. They reminisced about the tour, recounting the funnier stories for Peter who lapped it all up eagerly. Every morning the couple would head downstairs to the gym, where Rori would run on the treadmill and Harry would use the weights. Steve would join them most mornings and there were always other members of the team floating in and out of the space. On the Wednesday, Rori started back at Columbia and Harry caught the subway with her, wandering the campus and grabbing a coffee at one of the small cafes while she attended her two classes for the day. When she was finished, the pair walked back to the tower through Central Park, taking their time in the autumn sunshine. Eventually Harry had to leave for California, and while Aurora tried to pretend she wasn’t upset to see him go, she lasted only until he was standing in front of the lift with his bag slung over his shoulder. Happy was waiting with the car downstairs and they had agreed to say their goodbyes in private, both knowing that if Aurora went to the airport with Harry, they would be on every gossip blog by morning.
“I had nothing to do with it,” Harry laughed, raising his hands in mock defence. “She cooked up the idea with Lou and they’d decided they were going long before I invited myself. I was just tagging along and figured I’d get something done while we were there.”
“Well I talked to your surgeon before you left the hospital the other day,” Sam replied, “and he said the abdominal and upper arm wounds should start to heal up in about 4-6 weeks and the clavicle and shoulder blade will take another 2 weeks after that. I’d say recovery is your next step. 2 months of healing and physical therapy. Once you heal up, we’ll focus on the hand and all the other stuff.”
Aurora wiped away the tears pooling in the corners of her eyes as Tony and Steve exchanged their vows. As Maid of Honour she stood to the left of the two grooms, while Rhodey stood to their right as Best Man. Given that this was the wedding of Tony Stark and Captain America no expense had been spared and the amassed crowd of everyone who was anyone sat under a large canopy of white flowers in the Grand Ballroom of The Plaza Hotel. Steve stood tall in his navy blue dress uniform, while Tony had opted for a crisp white tuxedo. Rhodey was also in full dress uniform, while Aurora wore a floor length designer burgundy gown which perfectly matched the peony boutonniere in her father’s lapel.
Aurora had to silence her social media notifications for the rest of the week as fans kept speculating about whether or not she and Harry were together. While neither Harry nor Aurora replied to the rumours, they eventually died down after Ella posted on Instagram in an attempt to divert the story away from the pair. The photo was of the two girls from when their mothers had taken them to the X Factor finale in 2010. She had mentioned in the caption that Rori’s favourite One Direction member had always been Liam and most of the fans had taken this to mean that Rori wasn’t even that big of a Harry fan so it was more likely that Aurora was going to support the band on tour or was writing for their next album. Only the most determined fans continued to theorise about their relationship, however Harry was the one to get the most out of the post, calling Aurora has soon as he saw it.
“She’s probably texting her new boyfriend,” Tony said, throwing a cheeky smirk towards his daughter, watching gleefully as she blushed, burying her face into the pillow under her.
“Let’s go through once more I want to try something,” Aurora said, already starting to play the opening keys of the song. The guys laughed at her eagerness but joined in quickly and when they reached the bridge and the third chorus, Aurora joined in on the vocals with Gary.
“Oh, everyone on twitter hates it,” she joked, laughing when she heard Harry let out a mock gasp. “No, they love it. As they should. It’s incredible H.”
Aurora had an incredible night; unlike the previous year she was able to enjoy the evening without the crushing anxiety she had been under with the pressure of her first performance. Instead, she was able to play the role of dotting girlfriend, a role she absolutely loved. She cheered loudly when the boys won each of their three awards for the evening, kissing Harry when each win was announced before he made his way up onto the stage with the other boys to thank their fans. When they performed Night Changes, Aurora sat in the front row in awe, her eyes glossy with unshed tears and her face full of the love and pride she felt for the man she was lucky enough to have called hers for the last year. When the show finally came to an end, Harry and Rori said goodnight to the others as the boys headed to one of the afterparties. The young couple chose to skip the party and headed back to the hotel instead to spend some much needed time together before Aurora flew back to New York the next day.
“Oh Harry,” Rori sighed, wrapping her arms around her boyfriend and pulling him tightly against her. “They’ll be upset but they’ll support you guys no matter what happens. So will I.”
“May I?” she asked softly, holding out her hand for the phone. Steve paused, looking at her for a moment before sighing and handing the phone over. Tony continued his rant, unaware that his audience had changed until his daughter cut him off mid-sentence. “Stop!” she said firmly. “I was sitting on a bloody stool the whole time, it’s not like I did a fully choreographed routine.”
“When your reaction stops being this good,” Rori chuckled, leaning up on the toes of her stilettos to kiss him again.
She pulled out her phone, taking a quick photo to save the contact details and then carried on her way to class. It wasn’t until she got home later that afternoon that she remembered it and pulled her phone out to look at the photo again, debating whether or not to text the number provided. She was sitting on the couch in Tony’s workshop with her homework perched, forgotten on her lap.
“I’m not flying out for another few days,” he replied, not understanding what she was really confessing to.
“It’s not silly, love,” Harry promised. “I feel the same, and I really wish we were gonna be together when the hiatus announcement drops.”
“Glad to be here too, Mumma,” Aurora replied with a soft smile, neither woman missing the double meaning in their words. Anne pulled back from the hug, grabbing the younger woman’s right hand to inspect the diamond ring with a smile a mile wide.
Harry had spent the morning of Christmas Eve taking Anne and Robin to the holiday market in Union Square. He was happy to spend time with his mum and stepdad, but also wanted to be able to give Aurora her space, knowing that December 24
“Sounds like fun,” Rori said as the pair finally reached the back of the large house to find the previously mentioned group sat around a fire pit on the patio.
was released, Aurora boarded the StarkJet and flew to LA. She went straight to the hotel as soon as she arrived and started getting ready. She had just slipped into her mid-calf length black dress and was sitting on the edge of the bed strapping on her heels for the evening when there was a knock on the door.
“I always wanted a sibling to get up to mischief with,” Rori confessed. “He kind of feels like the big brother who’d buy booze for you and your friends when you’re underage.”
“Hydra infiltrated SHIELD and they’ve been pulling the strings since the beginning,” Tony explained. “Steve figured it out and they tried to kill him for it, but you know your Pops, he’s too stubborn so now Hydras done.”
“I’m a big fan,” Harry added. “Love your channel and the song you wrote for your dad’s wedding was fantastic.”
They followed Matt further into the building, finding the other members of his band sitting around the studio space. Introductions were made and the rest of the day was spent working on the arrangements for the 2 songs they had already decided on covering. They had been emailing back and forth for much of the last week and the band had already done much of the work, so it was simply a matter of putting the final touches to the instrumentals and by the end of the first day they were ready to start recording. The band invited Aurora and Harry back to Trevor’s house for dinner and they gladly accepted, already enjoying the company of the 4 men. Aurora spent most of the evening with Trevor’s 1 year old perched on her lap until the baby was put to bed. They didn’t stay too late and made plans to meet back in the studio earlier the next morning. Over the next few days they recorded the instrumental tracks for both covers, leaving only the vocal tracks left to lay down for their covers of the Chainsmokers
They fell silent for a moment, sitting in their shared confessions for a beat before Rori spoke again. “I miss you.”
“Thank you, Mumma,” Rori replied, blushing slightly when Anne kissed her cheek and ran her hand along her right arm. “You and Harry wrote that together?”
“No!” Rori gasped, both men visibly relaxing in response to her answer. “Christ, Clint. I just wanted to talk to you about the fact that we’re having visitors for the next few days and I would appreciate if you could all stay on your own floors and stay out of here, so you don’t embarrass me.”
They stood around chatting for a little while before Anne looked at her watch and decided that they should go find their seats and say hello to the other parents before the show starts.
Tony turned in his seat to watch them pass by the living room. “Just going for a run in Central Park,” Aurora explained.
Given that no one in the crowd knew the lyrics, they instantly fell silent as the opening notes of the piano played out through the arena and Harry began to sing.
Harry didn’t realise he’d been holding his breath until he heard Steve say that Rori would be ok. He let the air rush out of his lungs as a sob burst from his lips. Steve placed a comforting hand on the younger man’s shoulder as he finally let out all the built up emotion that he’d been desperately holding back since he’d first seen the photo of Aurora ,unconscious and blood-drenched in her father’s arms. His sobs echoed around the room, filled with all the fear that had been building for hours and the relief that his worst nightmare had not become a reality.
Aurora slipped down the hallway towards her room, towing Harry along behind her until they were away from the flashing lights and the swarming mass of people. She pushed him against the wall, attaching her lips to his as she pressed her body against him in the dark. They kissed for a while before Harry spun them around, pining Rori against the wall as he lips moved down along her jaw.
“This going to have to be a duet,” Gary said, before sitting down with the lyrics and working out where to split the song between the two of them. In the end, Gary took the first verse and Aurora took the second, while they sang the chorus’s together, layering their voices together as the song built toward the final chorus, following the same arrangement they’d sang the first time round and then Aurora played out the final few notes on the piano. After practicing the arrangement a few times, they called it a day and agreed that when they came in the next day they would get in the technician to record the song in full since Aurora only had 2 more days left to work with the boys before she had to drive the 2 hours up to Cleveland to meet back up with Harry and the tour.
“Simon, this is my girlfriend Aurora,” Harry said, attempting to avoid Louis saying something he shouldn’t.
Harry nodded and they both increased their pace to a light jog, soon reaching the edge of the park and crossing the street. They both sighed in relief as soon as they stepped into the welcoming warmth of the lobby, smiling at the receptionist before heading towards the bank of elevators. Rori blew warm air onto the tips of her fingers, while Harry rubbed his hands together and they both laughed at each other’s bright red faces. When the elevator opened on the penthouse, they stepped out to find everyone exactly where they’d left them two hours ago.
“I was just about to tell Aurora here all of your most embarrassing childhood moments,” Anne told her son, laughing loudly when he replied with a groan and hid his face in Aurora’s shoulder.
The day after they arrived in town, Tony and Steve headed off to see Peggy Carter at her nursing home, while Rori caught the tube out to Hampstead Heath for lunch with Harry. She had her beanie pulled low over her forehead and scarf wrapped up around her chin to ward off the cold weather and combined with her large sunglasses, she was left completely unrecognisable as she entered the small café. She spotted Harry already sitting at a table in the back corner and swiftly made a beeline for him through the tables. The place was fairly empty given that it was midday on a Thursday so there weren’t too many curious eyes watching when Rori removed her hat, scarf and sunglasses, smiling warmly as Harry stood to kiss her cheek and pull out her chair for her.
“But the shooting did happen, and you just had surgery last week,” Tony bit back, his voice starting to rise.
of January, Aurora once again made her way back to the Golden Stag. She offered a wave of greeting to Greg behind the bar when she walked through the front door and headed over to one of the booths along the wall to wait. Her best friend, Ella, walked through the door 15 minutes later.
She showed them a few of the clips while they both tried to assure her that none of it was her fault and that everything would be ok.
“Brought you back a Danish from Maggie’s,” he said as he approached her, he quickly dropped it on the nearby coffee table and pulled her into his chest as soon as he spotted the tears dripping down her face. She was shaking in his arms as he held her but didn’t make a sound as her tears stained his shirt. “It’s ok love,” he soothed. “It’s ok.”
Rori frowned in confusion as she took in the lack of tree or decorations surrounding her and decided to go find Tony to uncover the reason. She found him, unsurprisingly, in his workshop.
Most of the Avengers were sprawled out in the living room when they got back, excited to see the boxes of donuts in Harry’s hands. While Anne and Robin joined them on the sofas, Harry turned to Tony. “She downstairs?” he asked, expecting Aurora to be in either of her studios as she usually spent her mother’s anniversary.
Steve and Tony called back later that night. It took Steve over an hour to convince her that he would be absolutely fine, and in a few days all his injuries would be completely healed thanks to the serum. “I think I should come home,” she said at one point of the conversation.
Joe picked up his guitar when she finished singing and started to put together the melody, asking her to re-sing certain sections, and then Jay was joining in with the bass line and Gary started piecing together another verse. They spent a few says working on the song until they’d finished
The first half of 2015 flew by. Aurora was flat out not only with her course work at Columbia, but she also managed to secure a small gallery space and was spending every spare moment painting, in an attempt to finish the series, she intended to show at the end of May. Harry and the boys started the
played out she took a deep breath, running her fingers through her hair to push it back out of her face as sweat beaded across her body from the dancing and the swelling crowd surrounding her. She was leaning against the barrier and looked up with a goofy grin, watching Harry and the other boys walking back towards where she was standing as Niall spoke to the screaming girls about the upcoming song. By some stroke of luck, as Harry took a seat on the central apparatus built into the stage he looked out over the crowd and spotted her standing only a few metres in front of him, freezing in place in shock as their eyes locked. The girls around her started screaming hysterically in response to his stare and she shot him a cheeky grin and a little wave that caused a huge grin to break out across his face, exposing his dimples.
century. To say that it was a difficult adjustment period would have been a gross understatement. In the first week of waking up he was introduced to Director Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D, and was quickly brought up to speed on the big milestone moments he had missed in the last 70 years, or at least the moments that Fury decided were most crucial for him to be caught up on. After a week he had travelled to London to see Peggy Carter and had been both overjoyed and devastated to see the only surviving person from his old life. Upon returning to New York he had been informed that he would be meeting with another member of what Fury was calling the Avenger Initiative and he was left frozen in shock when the man had entered the room. The newcomer had looked so strongly like his old comrade Howard Stark and if Steve had not just returned from seeing an elderly Peggy he may have begun to fear, once again, that this was all an elaborate hydra plot and he was not in fact in the future. After only a few minutes talking to Tony, it was clear that this man was nothing like his father. He was funny, a dry, scathing humour but funny none the less and he wasn’t trying to ease Steve into the conversation like everyone else had since he’d awoken. Tony didn’t wait for anyone to catch up to his train of thought and Steve respected the older man’s confidence. After that first day the pair had hit it off, becoming fast friends and once Tony had learnt that Steve was living at S.H.I.E.L.D in a tiny bunk room, he had immediately informed Steve that he was moving in with Tony. Steve appreciated Tony’s friendship more than words could explain and the two men found living together in Stark Tower as easy as breathing. While Steve appreciated Tony (and JARVIS)’s help in learning about the modern day, Tony enjoyed having someone around to share meals with (and cook said meals), although he was too proud to admit to Steve in those early days just how much he had craved the easy companionship. Over the course of the year that Steve had spent living with Tony, their friendship had grown until eventually it had morphed and changed into something more. At first Steve had been scared of the change, given the era in which he had grown up, but as with everything else scary and new in 2010, Tony had been there to help Steve understand and accept that everything was different now. It had in no way been a simple or easy transition, but Steve could honestly say that he had never been happier standing in the penthouse at the top of Stark Tower, watching the man he loved working away as the sun began to set over the city laid out below them.
A few minutes later, when she was still shaking and gasping for breath, Harry realised that he was out of his depth. “JARVIS?” he asked. “I need you to get Sam down here now.”
Tears flooded her eyes, running down her face as she clicked through countless videos, each one breaking her heart more than the last. The tweets that accompanied the videos did nothing to stop her heart breaking.
Aurora was confused when she and her dads walked up towards the front of the Golden Stag on Saturday evening for her birthday dinner. The chalkboard was set out on the footpath announcing,
“Umm,” she began, nervously looking between the two men. “I just wanted to remind you that the boys are giving their final performance next weekend in London.”
“It doesn’t feel real,” she whispered. “Like, I know I have the injuries to prove it, but I feel like I made it up. How could it be real? How could anyone do that?”
A few hours later, full to bursting from the Chinese takeout Tony had ordered from her favourite place, Aurora was curled up against Harry’s side on the large sofa. Steve brought Bucky over to sit on the sofa opposite the young couple, introducing his daughter to his oldest friend. She smiled softly at him, unsure what to say. She could see the excitement on her Pop’s face to be introducing his best friend from the 1940s but the person she saw before her was also a Hydra assassin who had killed more people than she could comprehend.
Steve looked up from his sketch book to find Aurora standing in the doorway of his art studio, looking shy with her sketch book and pencil case tucked under one arm.
“I’ll come give you a hand,” Rori offered, earning her a smile from Harry. He kissed her cheek before heading over to hug his stepfather and then throwing himself onto the sofa beside his sister. Rori followed Anne into the kitchen and watched as the older woman filled the kettle under the tap and then put in on to boil.
Without waiting for a reply from her father, she turned on her heels, scooped her bag off the nearby couch and headed for the elevator.
If you skipped the chapter the take away is that Aurora was shot and Harry left the tour to fly to NYC. Aurora's left hand is badly injured and will need multiple surgeries. Meanwhile Louis has coordinated a two week break for the band to give Harry time with Rori so they are rescheduling the last 2 London shows, the 2 Glasgow, 2 Manchester and 3 Birmingham shows for the start of November. The chapter ends with Aurora going back to the tower and Harry proposing to her.
She was ushered to her seat during the next commercial break and both Steve and Tony pulled her into crushing hugs, with matching grins of pride stretching across their faces.
Steve laughed as she rushed through her promise. “Are you sure you’re her biological father Tony?” he joked.
“You’re not going to start building a sleeve like Harry’s next, are you?” Steve asked, joining the conversation and sitting down next to Aurora on the sofa.
“You don’t have to apologize,” Tony said softly. “I’m just glad nothing happened. Although I can tell you right now, tomorrow I’m gonna find out who this Spider-Man is because if he’s gonna be out there doing the crime fighting thing he’s gonna need a real suit and back up or he’s gonna get himself killed.”
As always please check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
“God it’s good to see you love,” Louis sighed, placing a kiss to her temple. “You gave us all quite the scare.”
“You came!” he yelled, his trademark smile lighting up his face, forcing a matching grin across Rori’s
“Go shower and get into something comfy,” Steve told the pair. “We’ll come get you when dinners ready.”
Harry was interrupted from replying when Louis appeared at his shoulder, a pint in hand. “Oi Hazza!” he cheered loudly. “What are you doing hiding over here? You’re missing the party.”
A few songs later, Aurora made her way off the dancefloor, exhausted but ecstatic and wound her way through the crowd towards Harry and Louis.
was incredible but I just don’t think I’m ready to do an album or a tour or anything on my own yet. Please don’t be mad.”
“No,” Rori argued, lifting herself away from his chest to frown at him. “No, you can’t do that. It’s only 3 more months until the start of the hiatus. I can hold myself together for 3 months. You need to finish this right for the fans, and for the boys, and for yourself. You all deserve to wrap this up the right way.”
“I feel the same Harry, I think I’d always wonder if it was me or my name if I was with someone normal.”
Aurora flipped open her notebook to the page she scribbled on the previous night and began to sing what she had, humming when she didn’t have the words to fill the gap.
“You would have won for sure, love,” Harry said, squeezing her waist. “But if you’ll excuse us Simon, we’ve got plenty of people still to say hi to.”
The stage was dark as she stepped out to stand before the microphone stand, a cellist and violinist sitting behind her over each shoulder, the final member of her backing band sat at a beautiful grand piano off to the right of stage. The lights lifted as the opening notes rang out and Aurora allowed herself a brief moment to look out across the crowd before she began the opening line. Harry’s advice proved to be correct; as soon as she made it through that first line the rest of the song poured out of her.
“Oh, thank you,” Simon replied. “Maybe one day I’ll have you on, we love to keep it in the family and these boys are like my sons.”
True to his word, Tony did find Spider-Man and after showing up unannounced at Peter Parkers front door 2 days later, he invited the teenager to the tower.
“Never apologize,” Harry replied. “This was a wonderful surprise and we were going to announce it next week anyway so who cares. I’m just glad you’re here.”
“If you two would like to stop eating each other’s faces,” the blonde chuckled, “the rest of us are ready for cake.”
“I am,” she grinned. “Sorry to interrupt, but I’m just heading to the bar for a drink and I was wondering if you needed a refill?”
“Nothing to be sorry about,” Sam replied, his voice still calm and slow. “We talked about how this might happen, remember? I’m guessing you didn’t mention it to Harry like I suggested given how freaked out he was when I got here.”
“I’ve figured out the perfect way to debut your first solo single,” the older man said in lieu of a greeting.
Check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
Finally, the sun rose into the sky, warming the summer morning and Aurora grinned with pride as they boys sat on the stage in front of all their fans, talking about the upcoming album, the rest of the tour and Louis’ exciting baby news. By the time the interview concluded, and the boys prepared for the first song, the morning was already warming up and Aurora removed her jacket, revealing her sundress and her most recent tattoo, a rose nestled between her shoulder blades, the stem tracing down her spine. She lifted her hands into the air, joining the fans surrounding her, cheering as the boys stepped back out on the stage and started the performance.
“It’s the best and worst part of the job,” he answered, his arm slung over Tony’s shoulder. “Fantastic because there’s no one I’d trust to have my back more than Tony, but it’s also completely terrifying because if he goes down, I know I’m out of the fight too because I’m going straight for him and getting him out of there.”
“I’m so glad you get along with the guys,” Harry continued. “It’ll make it so much easier for you to join us on tour.”
“Please let me do this for you,” Tony asked as he watched her internal debate play out across her face. She looked up in response to his tone, and her decision was made when she saw the expression on his face. It was clear as day that he wanted to be able to do something to help her adjust to her new life and feel good about leaving behind everything to live in a foreign country with a stranger.
“You don’t just get over it,” Sam replied. “You talk about how you felt, and you let the people around you help you.”
“No, I need to say this,” Tony interrupted. “I’m Iron Man. It’s literally my job to protect people and I couldn’t protect you. I love you Aurora, more than I thought it was possible to love another person and when I saw you bleeding out in Steve’s arms, I thought I was going to lose you and I couldn’t breathe. Somehow, I got a second chance to keep you safe and the only way I know how to do that is to keep you close. I’m so sorry I yelled at you, kiddo.”
“Probably a good idea,” he chuckled. “I think everyone else is gonna be feeling pretty miserable tomorrow morning. Mind if I ask why?”
this chapter contains the events of Captain America: Winter Soldier which you can assume happens in this story the same as in cannon, and since the movies never address why the other avengers didn’t come help Steve and Nat out then I won't give it a lot of effort. We're just gonna go with Steve asked him not to get involved. I don’t know, don’t think about it too much.
“Just trying not to throw up on this ridiculously expensive gown,” Rori replied, not lifting her head.
“Makes sense,” Sam agreed. “You’re a parent. It’s natural to want to protect your kid from everything but you can’t protect her from what’s in her head.”
“You can’t know that,” Rori sobbed, burying her face into his chest as she cried. There was nothing he could say to sooth her anxiety, so he simply held her until she cried herself out and fell asleep, exhausted.
“I don’t think my profile really needs any more of a boost at this point. Everyone and their dog seems to know who I am.” As if summoned by her words, Rori noticed a group of girls looking her way and attempting to take photos of her on their phones.
“I’ll be alright for 10 minutes while you get coffee H,” she said. “Go stretch your legs. Promise I’ll be here when you get back.”
“Thought I’d come make sure everyone was playing nicely together,” Harry interrupted with a cheeky grin. He crossed the kitchen quickly, stopping behind Aurora and wrapping his arms around her shoulders.
“And I’m going to fly over for it,” Rori explained. “Just wanted to let you know before I book my flights.”
“No, I’m ok,” she promised as he grabbed her around the waist and took off for the tower. They arrived on the balcony a minute later and Tony placed his daughter back on her feet as the suit begin to recede from his body.
“Yeah, he’s getting there,” Tony answered. “He was still a bit confused when we finally tracked him down but he’s already getting better. I mean don’t get me wrong, he’s got a long way to go but he’s been doing really well in therapy so it’s just a matter of time really.”
“I was holding my breath,” Rori replied. “We all watched him fall and I just kept waiting for the suit to fire up and for him to fly away but he just kept falling and then the Hulk leapt up and caught him and I don’t even consciously remember standing up or deciding to move but all of a sudden I was running out of the school and a teacher was screaming at me to stay inside but I just knew I needed to get there. I guess it was lucky that he fell near the tower and I was running so fast down the middle of the street, I guess I got to them about 10 minutes after he landed. As soon as I saw that he was alive I just collapsed.”
“Well I don’t know if you know this,” she giggled, “but my favourite band is performing tonight and it’s their last gig for 18months so I couldn’t miss it.”
“I probably would have gone to the pub,” Rori replied softly. “None of my foster families really cared whether I was there or not, so if I was still in the system I probably would have had Christmas lunch with Helen and Greg or maybe at my best friend’s house instead. I’m not sure. ”
“Right,” Sam nodded. “You did good Harry.” He reached out to touch Aurora’s shoulder, but she flinched away, burrowing closer against Harry. “Rori, it’s Sam. You’re safe. There isn’t anyone here who’s going to hurt you. You’re safe Aurora.” His voice was low and level, calmer than Harry knows he was when he was trying to soothe her before Sam arrived. “Harry’s here,” Sam continued. “Can you hear his heartbeat? Can you feel his breathe? I need you to try and breath with him kiddo.” Sam looked up at Harry as he spoke. “Need you to steady your breathing too, Harry, otherwise this isn’t going to help much.”
“Every time I close my eyes, I’m back in the library,” she whispered, “and I feel like I can’t breathe, and my chest is so tight it feels like my heart’s about to burst.”
As camera’s flashed, and people cheered, the newly married couple had eyes only for each other as the danced, their daughters voice filling the room and setting the scene for the beginning of the rest of their lives together. As the song came to its inevitable conclusion, Steve placed a hand on Tony’s cheek, pulling him closer until their lips met. When they pulled apart, they made their way over to the piano, pulling Aurora to her feet and into a tight hug.
, a soft smile ghosting over her lips as she listened to Harry’s voice, leaning her head back against the seat with her eyes shut as the plane began to taxi down the runway. She let herself wallow in her sadness, knowing that she would need to put it aside when she reached home in about 2 hours’ time. Leaving Harry was never easy, and she hated the months they spent apart but at the same time she had desperately missed her family and was anxious to see them again. She was also excited to start back at school the following week, eager to begin her final year of college, knowing that once she graduated she would be free to travel the world with Harry and very little would keep them apart now that the band was going on Hiatus for the next year and a half.
“I don’t want to go either,” Harry said, “but you’ve got school and I’ve got the tour to finish. It’ll be December before we know it.”
“You sure about that, because you did quite a lot of yelling the other day and then you’ve been in here all the time like you’re avoiding me?”
Aurora walked through central park late one night in March. It was dark and cold, but she wore a big jacket, but the party at the San Remo had been so loud that even though she’d known it was a bad idea, she’d chosen to walk home from a party. She should have called Happy to come pick her up given the late hour, but it was only a 20 minute walk, and she relished the quite of the park. She was halfway home when she felt someone walking close behind her. She glanced over her shoulder to see a tall guy with the hood of his sweatshirt pulled up over his head walking close behind her and she quickened her pace, her heartbeat rising and her breathing rapid. She chided herself for being so stupid as to walk through Central Park alone, well after midnight and tried desperately to come up with a plan. She could call her fathers, the tower was only 10 minutes away, closer given the speed of the Iron Man suit, but they would be asleep, and god only knew what this guy would do in the time it took her dad to get to her. It would be useless to scream for help either, there was no one else in the park. She scrolled through the small menu on her StarkWatch, immediately hitting the panic button when it appeared on the screen. She kept walking, not knowing how long it would take for her Dad to wake up, activate the suit and get to her. She just had to hope he arrived before the guy got any ideas.
Harry and Aurora were wrapped tightly around each other in Harry’s bed, savouring the final hours before Aurora's flight when her phone started ringing on the bedside table. Harry was closer so he reached for it, passing it over and she briefly saw Marks name and face before she pressed it to her ear, her cheek still flush against Harry’s bare chest.
“You look beautiful,” he told her softly, earning a beaming smile in return. “Car should be here soon.”
The moment the door closed behind them; Aurora burst into tears. She’d been holding it in until that moment, knowing that if she cracked in front of any of the three men hovering over her, she would only cause them to worry and she knew that they had worried enough in the past few days to last a lifetime.
“I just got off the phone with our management and they think we should wait,” Harry said. “It’s just a twitter theory and it’ll probably blow over.”
“Hey,” Tony said, placing a hand under her chin to lift her eyes to meet his. “One step at a time, remember? Now just breath with me.”
Aurora smiled, blushing as all three men gushed about how great hers and Gary’s voices had blended together.
“I guess it just wasn’t something we wanted to explore,” Rori answered with a shrug. “The band was never meant to be as big as it was. It was just a fun little high school thing, but after the story leaked about me being a Stark it just blew up. None of us ever planned on being famous musicians, you know?”
“You get whatever you needed?” Rori asked her boyfriend, watching as he stepped up to stand between the coffee table and where she sat, but instead of sitting down next to her like she expected him to, he dropped down on one knee. Rori’s breath stuck in her throat as Harry held the ring box open in front of him, a soft smile stretching across his face, making his dimples pop and his eyes shine.
“I’ll see you at Christmas,” Harry promised. Aurora nodded, swallowing thickly against the emotion building in her throat. “Come here,” he said, pulling her against him as the tears welled up and flowed down her cheeks.
“I love you too, Dad,” she whispered. “But you can’t keep me wrapped up in cottonwool for the rest of my life. I got given another chance, I have to use it.”
“I’d love that,” Aurora replied while the boys both tried not to sigh at his comments. “You know I always dreamed of auditioning when I was kid.”
“Remember that conversation we had a few weeks ago?” Rori asked. “You know the one where you promised to try and stop controlling everything? If the shooting hadn’t happened, you wouldn’t have had any problem with me flying out for this show on my own.”
“OK well I’ll reach out and see if we can lock down a time for you to fly to Ohio. You don’t have a lot of free time though. You’re still planning to join Harry on tour as soon as classes finish?”
“We did,” Rori nodded. “Couldn’t sleep one night and we just stayed up in the studio throwing ideas around and that came out.”
“You look like something’s bothering you,” Liam said, sitting down beside her and casually throwing an arm across the back of the sofa she was curled up on.
“I don’t know, love. I’ll never understand how someone could hurt so many people but I’m just grateful you’re still here.”
“And unfortunately, that’s made people even more curious about you,” the older man said sympathetically.
And the song SkyFire performed for Rori's Maid of Honor speech was I'll Have You by Andie Case, who is my inspiration for Rori's music career https://youtu.be/F4DL31uxPIU
That evening the penthouse was full to the brim with all of the Avengers as well as Happy and Pepper crowded around the long tables that had been dragged into the room. The volume was loud, as it always was when everyone was together for a meal and the drinks were flowing, but especially tonight as the team had much to celebrate. Against all the odds, Aurora was alive and well and back home where she belonged, and as if that wasn’t enough Harry had finally proposed. There was much to celebrate, and Steve had happily spent much of the afternoon cooking up a great feast for everyone.
“Of course you don’t,” Harry chuckled. “It’s getting late, love,” he added, turning to face Rori. “And by the looks of it, tomorrow’s gonna be a busy one so what do you say we turn in?”
Harry scooped up the Danish and headed down the hall towards Rori’s wing of the penthouse, finding her pacing across the smaller living room there.
For the entirety of the two weeks Harry was gone, Aurora spent almost every moment she could in the studio with Gary, Joe and Jay, revelling in the opportunity to spend uninterrupted time writing and playing. She’d never set aside so much time to write music, usually spending an afternoon here or there, or scribbling lyrics in the back of notebooks while she studied, and she loved every minute of it.
“I’m starting college next month,” Rori replied. “I got into Columbia University to study fine art and I’m hoping to keep growing my song writing career.”
tore through the small crowd amassed inside the small pub. She felt her eyes grow warm as Tony stepped up behind her and placed his hands on her shoulders.
A few days after the launch of the band, 2 weeks before Christmas, Rori was at home, lounging on the sofa when it dawned on her that neither Tony nor Steve had made any mention of Christmas over the past few weeks.
The last London show was on a Sunday night. Aurora met up with Ella and her mum Rebecca in the afternoon for lunch before taking them with her to Wembley Stadium. She showed her pass to the security guards at the side entrance and Ella was bouncing on her toes in excitement by the time they reached the green room about an hour and a half before the start of the show.
“I think it’s a Dads job to worry, so I don’t think you’re doing too bad,” Rori said, still leaning against his chest. “Just maybe dial it back a bit.”
“In my defence,” she laughed. “I was a 15 year old British girl whose mum was obsessed with the X Factor, so I never really had a choice about becoming a fan. It was predetermined.”
“Why’d you never share it with your band or family or anyone?” Harry asked, leaning forward to grasp her hand once again.
They both turned towards the door, Aurora scooping her clutch purse of the end of the bed as she passed and they made their way down the stairs to the front door, slipping on their winter coats before walking outside and climbing into the waiting uber to take them into the city.
“I knew that a man named Anthony Stark was my father,” Aurora corrected, “but I never thought that it was that Anthony Stark. My mother had never liked to talk about him so all I had to go on was that she’d been waitressing at a fancy party in the city and that she’d ended up going back to a hotel with one of the guests. Combining that with the name, I started researching. I eliminated those that would have been too young or too old or couldn’t have been in London in 1994 and then I just started emailing them or calling or visiting them. Eventually I started running out of possible Anthony Starks and I thought I might as well cross the famous one off the list. I emailed his assistant and explained who I was and why I was contacting her. I even attached a copy of the forms for him to relinquish his rights because I didn’t want him to think I was trying to get his money or something. Weeks went by and I never heard anything so I figured I never would and by then it was May and I had exams at school, so I got distracted and I just focused on that. A few weeks into my summer break I got a reply. His assistant, Ms Potts, confirmed that Tony had been in London around that time and had attended multiple parties that could have fit the description and she asked me if I would be willing to take a DNA test to confirm my story.”
“You’re welcome, Rori,” Gary said. “There’s actually something we wanted to ask you before you leave. We usually perform at the CMAs in November and me and the boys were talking last night. We were wondering if you’d want to come down and debut
“You too are impossible,” he said, causing them both to jump as if they were children caught stealing snacks.
“Yes!” She cried out, throwing her right arm around him and pulling him into a deep kiss. “Yes. Yes. A million times yes.”
“Personally, I’d get out ahead of it with a post on social media, but you should talk to Harry,” Mark said. “Their management have dealt with this countless times and I’m sure they’ve got a system in place and a way they like to handle these things.”
, should be the track for her to record given that it was so personal to both her and Harry, so one afternoon in late August the two had set themselves up with the bands producers to record a duet of the song, filming the recording process to use for the music video in addition to the footage Aurora already had of playing the song on her grand piano back in New York. Singing with Harry was always one of her favourite things and being able to sing their song together filled her heart with so much love for the curly haired man standing on the other side of the microphone, his headphones pushing his long curls back from his face.
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to love,” Harry murmured, worried that the boys were pressuring her into something she wasn’t ready for.
“When are you thinking of flying out? I think I have a meeting Monday morning, but I can move that around,” Tony said, already pulling his phone out to look at his calendar.
“How is Sergeant Barnes doing?” Aurora asked, leading her dad down the hallways towards the green room.
“Babe, I think you need to get your dad on the phone,” Harry said the next day, looking up from his phone to stare at Aurora. “SHIELD headquarters in DC was just destroyed.”
“You heard me Harry,” Rori snapped. “SHIELD has put out alerts all over the place, calling for their arrest. This doesn’t make any sense. JARVIS what’s going on?” she asked the AI her father had built into her phone.
“I think you’re already doing it,” Sam replied calmly. “You’re there when she needs you, reminding her that she’s not alone.”
“All god hon,” Mark replied. “Honestly you weren’t that busy so there wasn’t that much to cancel. There’s a few requests on songs that I’ll need to get you to sign off on and I got a request for your Avengers series to be shown in a gallery out in LA. Other than that, we just had the CMAs which the Rascal Flatts guys were completely understanding about you not being able to make it.”
“I love it,” Gary said, singing it through a few times for smiling widely. “Inviting you down here was the best idea we’ve ever had.”
but they all headed out for dinner to celebrate the album and to finally be able to celebrate Harry and Aurora’s engagement now that they were both in London together again. They were halfway through the entrée when Steve’s phone rang, Tony’s name flashing across the screen.
Harry blushed in response, waving a hand in front of him as if to physically brush off the compliment.
“Well good luck with college and I know that I won’t be the only one eagerly watching to see what is next in your career,” Letterman said. “Thank you for joining me this evening Aurora and thank you as well to those watching at home.”
“Can you get Pops on the phone for me please?” Aurora requested, already chewing on her thumbnail as she continued scrolling through twitter nervously.
“Hi,” she replied nervously. While they had gotten along easily when they met in London a few weeks ago, Rori had not been lying when she had told Steve that Tony seemed afraid of talking to her. Now that she knew the reason behind his hesitancy, she was determined to bridge the distance between them. If she was going to live here with him for the next 2 years, then she needed to create a relationship with her father. “What are you working on?”
They sky was still dark when they woke the next morning and the sun was still hidden behind the city skyline, barely lighting the sky as they left the tower and walked across the road towards the southwest corner of Central Park. They were joined by the bands security team as they made their way up West Drive and across Sheep Meadow to reach the Summer Stage in Rumsey Playfield. Despite the pre-dawn hour, fans were already camped out across the park, having slept out overnight to ensure their spots for the concert and the five of them dashed towards the backstage tents behind the stage, avoiding drawing the attention of the fans in the soft morning light.
Aurora let out a nervous breath as the Addison Lee pulled up outside the white expanse of Louis’ north London house. Harry was waiting on the doorstep for her, stepping forward to open her door and offered her a hand as she exited the car. He pulled her in for a tight hug as the car drove away and then kissed her briefly before pulling back to look at her.
birthday, Rori smiled brightly as her mother continued to talk even though her mouth was full of waffles and Rori could barely understand half of her muffled story. When they had both eaten their fill, they leaned back in their seats, hands resting against their overstuffed stomachs, matching grins gracing both of their faces. To the other customers in the nearby booths, they must have looked like two friends hanging out together on Christmas eve, as despite the 19 year age difference between them, Louise still retained her youthful good looks and with her long blonde hair and wrinkle free face, she did not look old enough to be the mother of the young black haired girl sitting across from her. The only physical characteristic that hinted at the fact that they were related was their identical pairs of piercing blue eyes.
Jay watched the two with tears in her eyes, always emotional to see the family her eldest had built for himself amongst the band and their families. She knew that the hiatus would be good for them all and looked forward to having her only son home more, but she found herself feeling a little sad they wouldn’t all be spending as much time together over the next year and a half.
They both walked arm in arm down the stairs, emerging into the bar below their apartment where only a few of the regular patrons were occupying the bar stools. “You ladies off for your Christmas Waffles?” The older women behind the bar asked the pair as they headed for the door.
Rori walked onto the set, shaking hands with the crew members before approaching the two seats set up in the middle of the room under the spotlights. David Letterman stepped forward once she reached the seats, offering his hand to her and a warm smile.
“We’ll go to her,” Tony replied, squeezing Steve’s hand in a silent request. Steve squeezed his shoulder in reply, leaning down to place a kiss on Tony’s temple. Of course, he would go with him to meet his daughter.
“What do you say we give the whole thing one last run through love? From the top?” Harry asked her once they were told they had everything. “One just for us?”
started to play. While the song filled her headphones, she opened up new tabs, logging into Twitter to see how the fans were reacting to
“No,” Harry promised, “but we’ve decided to take a break. We’re going to go on a hiatus for a year or two.”
“Boys, what a performance,” he said when he reached them. “Are you sure you don’t want to change your mind and tour the new album?”
“Chaotic,” she said. “We had to have the tower rebuilt and then everyone wanted to know everything they could about the Avengers and about me. It was all so overwhelming, and that entire summer seemed to last for years but also somehow passed in the blink of an eye at the same time. Before I could really process it all, we’d moved back into the tower with the rest of the Avengers moving in as well and then I was starting my senior year. Dad had designed an entire floor for each member of team and I had entire wing of the penthouse to myself but we all spent so much time together in the main living room that by the time I went back to school we were this crazy family of assassins, scientists and soldiers and it was just such a chaotic but happy place to be. I’m so glad we had that environment otherwise I’m not sure how we would have dealt with the aftermath of that day.”
“Not to mention all the baby photos I need to see,” Rori joked, grinning widely at Anne as Harry complained about bullying.
“You’ll have the boys with you. You’ll be ok. Just remember the fans love you guys so much. They could never hate you.”
After they’d both rinsed off and stepped out of the shower, they wrapped themselves in large fluffy towels and Aurora set about drying and styling her hair before getting started on her make up. By the time she was finished and slipping into her skinny jeans and lacey blouse, she turned to see Harry walking out of his large walk-in closet, black skinny jeans hugging his legs and a black button up short open at the collar.
They fell quiet as Caroline and Ollie returned to the stage and danced in their seats as Coldplay performed, followed by the two finalists with their winners songs. Before long the hosts were introducing the boys to the stage and the crowd went mad.
Check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
“It’s so good to see you again, Love,” he said once they were both seated, and Aurora quickly agreed. They fell into easy conversation, much as they had over text or phone calls during the past month, staying in the café for a few hours until their third round of coffees had been finished. “How about a walk through the heath?” Harry asked as the café started to fill with the after school crowd.
She continued listening and reading and she had only 2 tracks to go when her phone lit up with Harry’s grinning face. “Congratulations baby!” she cheered when she answered the call, hearing him chuckle.
“Of course,” Tony replied instantly. Steve stepped up to stand behind Tony, wrapping his arms around the shorter man’s shoulders as the teenager approached the piano, taking a seat on the bench before lifting the fallboard and hovering her fingers over the ivory keys for a moment. Both men watched on in silent awe as Aurora closed her eyes and played. The music filled the large space, breathing life into the room and Steve began to sway to the tune, forcing Tony to move with him. Slowly the song morphed from one to the next as Aurora revelled in the freedom of playing again, and after a few simple pieces she forgot completely about her audience, beginning to sing.
year at Columbia, Aurora was sitting in the library with a few friends from one of her painting classes. It was the end of September and they were talking about the fact that she would be at the CMAs in a little over a month. They were chatting happily when the first sound of gunfire rang out, at initially she didn’t realize what it was. Her first thought was that someone had set of firecrackers in the hallway outside the library and then realization dawned. Rori saw the fear in the eyes of other students around her as everyone scrambled for somewhere safe to hide. They’d all run through the drills countless times over the years and every one of them knew what to do, stay away from windows, hide behind something solid and stay quiet. When she’d first moved to America the concept of an active shooter was so foreign but that had been years ago now and there had been countless school shootings across the country since. She could feel her heartbeat in every limb, her breathing rapid and her hands were trembling as she cowered under the table in the library beside her friends. She remembered watching a documentary on the Columbine massacre and let out a small whimper as she remembered those kids also hiding under tables in the library.
“Good to see you again darl,” he said as the two hugged. “But let’s go, the car’s waiting for us out front.”
“Me too, love. Me too,” Harry replied, smiling broadly down at his girlfriend as the party continued on around them.
They’d mostly finished their food when Ella’s head snapped up to meet Rori’s gaze. “Shit I totally forgot that Mum told me to invite you and your dads for dinner tonight.”
“Easy El,” Rori laughed. “We’ve been dating for 3 days, let’s not go talking about weddings and kids ok.”
“I’m glad,” he said, breathing a sigh of relief at her admission. “So, is art what you want to do with your life?”
In the days between Christmas and the New Year, Aurora and Harry spent many hours in the conservatory off the back of the house, watching the snow softly fall in the back garden. Harry would occasionally pull out his acoustic guitar and entertain Rori while she sketched the scene, or they would simply cuddle up under a blanket and talk. The sense of time standing still enveloped the house and allowed for the young couple to remain wrapped up in each other, revelling in the cosy winter atmosphere. On the afternoon of New Year’s Eve, Harry loaded up the car and they said goodbye to Anne and Robin before driving down to London. They arrived well after sunset and while Harry carried in their bags as soon as they arrived at his house, Aurora headed to the bathroom to shower and wash her hair to get ready for the party they were both attending later that evening. She was mostly finished, her hair washed, and legs shaved, when the glass door opened, and Harry joined her under the warm spray.
She smiled back in response, before a tech arrived by her side and ushered her towards side of stage and she prepared to step out. Right before she stepped out, she looked back over her shoulder to find him still standing there watching her, a smile lit up his face and he gave her a confident thumbs up.
“I’m glad. I was hoping we’d get a chance to talk,” he said, pulling up another stool next to hers. They chatted for almost an hour about anything and everything before the conversation returned to the awards ceremony earlier in the evening.
“Sharing is caring,” Rori joked, laughing loudly when Harry pulled her to her feet and out of Liam’s arms. “Rude!” she giggled, kissing his cheek. She looked back at Liam, glad to see that Harry’s joke had broken the sombre mood they had slipped into, even if he didn’t know that’s what he’d done.
“What was this week’s video again?” Louise asked, never able to keep up with which project her talented young daughter was working on at any given moment.
“A very cleaver way of looking at it,” Letterman replied. “Thank you for asking me to be the one to help you do that.”
She made her way off the stage, wiping away her tears, and finding herself not as surprised as she should have been that Harry was standing almost exactly where she had left him.
Harry turned on his heel and walked back into the house, leaving Rori to approach the circle of friends sitting around the fire pit, taking one of the two empty seats. “So everyone, this is Aurora,” Louis announced, before pointing to each person and providing Rori with their names.
“I am unable to reach him at this time,” JARVIS informed her after a brief moment of silence. “He seems to have completely disconnected from any technological mainframe, as has Agent Romanov.”
“Excited,” Rori replied, pulling back from the hug with a matching grin on her own face. “Missed you too, Ni.”
“I want to show you Harry,” she whispered, “but no one outside my medical team has seen it yet and it’s just a lot. I’m scared.”
Tony shot a joking glare towards Harry where he sat with Nat and Clint nearby. “You’ve got a lot to answer for,” he told the younger man.
A few more hours passed before a surgeon came out to explain Aurora’s condition to them. She’d sustained serious damage to her left arm below the elbow, with much of the limb needing to be reconstructed with future surgeries. She had also been shot in the upper arm and shoulder, both wounds being less severe through-and-throughs, however her collar bone had been broken, as had her shoulder blade. While most of her injuries were confined to her left arm, one bullet had pierced her lower abdomen, causing a wound that had been the main focus of her time in the operating theatre. The surgeon explained that given the circumstances that she had been incredibly lucky that none of bullets had impacted any of her vital organs and that she was now being transferred into a recovery ward.
“I was trying to brush my hair,” she eventually whispered. “And I dropped the brush and it was so loud when it hit the floor that I just freaked out. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
“Well she’s not wrong,” Louis replied, blushing slightly. “Can’t speak for Harold but I know I always miss my partner in crime when you leave tour to go home. More fun pranking the lads when I’ve got an accomplice.”
“Or as my girlfriend,” Harry replied, pulling them both to a stand still as he turned to face her nervously. “If that’s something you’d want?” Instead of answering, Aurora stepped forward and lifted herself up her toes to press their lips together. Harry hands found their way to her waist as she placed one of her own on his shoulder to steady herself, the other curling around the side of his neck as the kiss deepened. They were both breathing heavily when they pulled apart, their breath fogging in the air between them as they both smiled, giddy with the beginning of love.
“Hey you,” she echoed, letting go of her suitcases handle and leaning up on her toes to kiss him. They made their way towards the parking garage after pulling apart, one of Harry’s hands resting on her lower back while the other tugged her luggage along behind them.
“God you sound like my mother,” Mark sighed, causing Rori and Tony to chuckle. “I’ll tell you what I tell her; I’m a 27 year gay man, I’m in no rush to settle down.”
“Hello darling,” Robin greeted, hugging her tightly once she let go of Anne. “Congratulations,” he added, kissing her cheek and stepping back to wrap an arm around his wife.
“He pouts?” Rori laughed, her heart swelling to know that her boyfriend and unofficial big brother had missed her while she was home recovering.
“This is fantastic Steve,” Happy announced as they all dug into the food spread out across the table.
“Sounds like a plan.” Mark scrawled down his notes and then stood up. “I’ll head back to the office and get a start on all of this. Keep me in the loop with everything and if you change your mind about doing interviews, I’ve still got just about every talk show in the country asking for you.”
“I’ve wanted to do that all night,” he whispered against her lips when they pulled apart, foreheads resting against each other as their breath mixed together between them.
She was cut off from continuing her message as a girl let out a shriek of fear nearby when the doors were thrown open and the sound of gunshots echoed off the walls, deafeningly loud. Rori whimpered, clasping one of her hands over her mouth to muffle the sound, the other reaching out to hold onto one of her friends beside her. She listened in horror as the unknown gunman moved from one table to the next, indiscriminately shooting everyone they came across, and eventually their blood stained shoes came into Rori’s view. Her cheeks were damp with falling tears when he ducked down, locking eyes with her as he raised his weapon.
“Yes, you will,” Rori agreed with a genuine smile, dropping the conversation as Steve returned with Sam in tow. “Welcome to the madhouse, Sam.”
The pair spent the rest of the afternoon catching each other up on the last month and simply revelling in being together after weeks apart.
Check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
“There you are,” he said softly, announcing his presence so as not to startle her. He made his way across the room, taking a seat beside her and reaching out to take her hand when she still didn’t turn away from the window. “You ok?” he asked, turning her hand over in his and smiling softly at the diamond ring settled there.
After leaving New York, the tour stopped in Rutherford and Baltimore before taking 9 days off and while Niall, Liam and Louis used the time to fly home and see family briefly, Harry and Aurora headed for the coast to spend a few days on the beach.
Aurora kept to herself for most of the day on Christmas Eve and both Tony and Steve gave her space to deal with her mother’s anniversary in whatever way she needed. A large portion of the day was spent in Steve’s art studio and then at the piano playing the same song over and over again, a tune neither men recognised. As the sun began to set, the 16 year old changed into her favourite ugly Christmas sweater and went in search of the two men. She found them in the workshop, Steve sitting on the couch, while Tony flitted from one project to the next, not really able to focus on any of them. They both snapped their heads up upon her entrance.
“Good to see you too Jay, and I’m feeling more myself.” She smiled brightly back at the older woman. “Feels good to be back with the lads.”
“Absolutely. Between them and my mum I was always encouraged to explore art. I became obsessed with the piano. By the time I was 11 I’d gotten good enough that I was allowed to play during happy hour and every Sunday the regular patrons would make their song requests and I would spend all week learning them and then play them on Thursday and Friday evenings. It was around then that I started singing and I guess I never really stopped after that.”
“I did an oil on canvas painting of snow on Big Ben with a cover of Do They Know It’s Christmas? in the background,” Aurora replied, still scrolling through the comments on the video. “I’m pretty happy with it but I think I’m going to have to start busking again to try and get some money for a new microphone, I really need the upgrade if I’m going to keep recording the piano in the bar.”
It was much later in the concert, towards the end, when things changed. The smiles, winks and kisses that Harry had been directing towards his girlfriend all night had the fans surrounding her riled up into such a frenzy that during
“What the hell happened?” Aurora asked, tears beginning to roll down her cheeks, causing Harry to rush to her side and pull her into his arms.
They continued to chat, laughing as they filled each other in on the Christmas’ with their families until Niall finally arrived a little over half an hour later. The boat pushed from the wharf around 10.30 and the party was swarming on the decks as the clock neared midnight. Since she wasn’t drinking, Aurora was feeling the chill of the winter wind blowing up off the water and headed into the spacious cabin for a while to warm up, knowing she would want to go back out when the fireworks started at midnight. She was sitting on a bench seat along a long bank of windows looking out at the city sliding past on the riverbank as she slowly felt her hands warming back up when Nick Grimshaw sat down next to her.
“Alright, we’ll let Harold finish his speech and then I’ll walk out there with you. Sound like a plan?”
. She smiled as she scrolled through tweet after tweet of fans gushing about their love for not only the album but also for the 5 boys. She felt so much pride for what they had accomplished, having been present for much of the writing and recording of the album she knew just how hard each of them had worked on every single track. She knew they deserved every piece of praise they were receiving now. She texted Harry once she was about halfway through the album.
When he opened the door, he found most of the Avengers team sprawled out across the hard, unforgiving seats, a few looked up at the sound of his entrance and offered him sad, exhausted nods in greeting. It was Steve who stood and made his way over to Harry. Tony remained in the seat next the one Steve had just vacated, his head buried in his hands, somewhat oblivious to anything around him.
Before Aurora could reply, her father finally answered his phone. “He’s ok kiddo,” Tony promised his daughter. “I just got to DC and he’s gonna be just fine.”
Aurora nodded quickly and focused on the rise and fall of her fathers’ chest to match her own breathes to his. By the time she calmed down, the nurse returned and began to wheel Aurora from the room and down the hall towards the OR.
“No,” Rori interrupted. “Tomorrow night is about you boys. It’s the last tour show and the night before the album drops. I don’t want to step on that.”
She was barely holding onto consciousness when Steve found her. He hadn’t even taken the time to suit up when the alert rang out through the tower, sparing only enough time to grab his shield before he was running for the balcony, Tony meeting him there in the Iron Man suit. They flew together, covering the distance in mere minutes, arriving on the campus to hear the discharging of an automatic weapon and the screaming of victims. The police arrived hot on their tales and the couple shared a brief moment to coordinate before heading into the sprawling campus. Tony would seek out the shooter, while Steve would head for the library to find their daughter. The live broadcast from Aurora's watch was playing out over their comms link, so Steve could hear the injured wails surrounding his daughter. His heart had lurched when he’d heard her beg for her life, a sound he knew he would hear in his nightmares, but since then she had been silent. He tried not to think about what that meant, pushing his muscles to the extreme as he sprinted across the campus.
“Thank you for coming to cheer him up,” Gemma whispered in Aurora’s ear. “I saw the videos online and hated how miserable he’s been.”
“First as a solo artist,” she replied, finally feeling her breathing begin to steady. The conversation with this stranger successfully snapping her out of her thought spiral and helping her to collect herself.
Aurora’s eyes started to well with tears in response to Anne’s kind words, and the two women hugged each other again before Robin came over to interrupt.
“Aurora,” Pepper replied. “Aurora Bennett. She’s 16 and living in foster care after her mother Louise died 6 months ago. She says she doesn’t want anything from you. She doesn’t want money or to meet you or anything, all she asked for was that you sign a few forms to officially relinquish your parental rights so that she can be emancipated and get out of foster care.”
“Thanks, El,” Rori replied, smiling brightly back at her best friend as the show returned from the ad break.
Aurora and Ella watched the show that night from the VIP section at the front of the floor section of the crowd and danced like idiots, laughing and singing along to every song. At end of the night Aurora and Harry made their way back to Harry’s North London home to spend the rest of the week before the European leg of the tour began in Stockholm the following weekend. They spent most of Monday in bed together before finally getting ready and heading south to Wimbledon to have dinner with Greg and Helen at the Golden Stag.
Tony chuckled at her frustration. “I think you’ve got a pretty good excuse,” he said. “Not that there’s anything wrong with having a good cry when it’s needed.”
I'm so excited for the next chapter. It's the first thing I wrote for this story and it's what started this whole thing so I'm so excited to have finally caught up to it :)
“Aurora!” Louis cheered when they came into view. “So glad you came, Love. Harrold, the UberEats delivery should be here in a minute, be a lad and go grab it for us.” Harry looked to Rori hesitantly, not wanting to abandon her immediately after arriving. “Oh, just go,” Louis continued, “I’ll introduce your girl.”
“Steve. Not sure how he got my number, but he called yesterday to invite me, and I suggested bringing the rest of the band too.”
Following her parents advise, Aurora tried to put any thoughts of Hydra or Sergeant Barnes out her mind and enjoy her summer, so at the end of the week, she and Harry flew to Sweden as planned for the European leg of the tour. July saw them take in so many cities across Europe that Aurora had never visited before and she went out exploring as much as she could while Harry and the boys were rehearsing. Harry tried to join her whenever possible, but the fans made it difficult for any of the boys to take in the usual tourist attractions and Aurora found herself very grateful that while she was recognised every so often, most people didn’t know who she was and for the most part the fans didn’t really care who she was. After Sweden they had travelled through Denmark, France, the Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Switzerland, Spain and Portugal. They left Europe in mid-July and with 2 weeks off before the North American leg began at the start of August, most of the band headed off to see family while Harry joined Aurora in LA.
A nurse had come in half an hour later to escort them to Aurora’s room and the rest of the team had headed home. Tony, Steve and Harry were slumped in uncomfortable plastic chairs at Aurora’s bedside when she finally awoke from the anaesthetic.
to Aurora towards the end of the first week and she made some suggestions to the unfinished song, writing a section to slip into the song about 2/3rds of the way through.
“Can you too stop sucking face so we can go?” Louis asked with a laugh, interrupting the couple’s reunion.
“I saw this flyer at school,” she began to explain, “there’s a band looking for a singer and a keyboardist and I’m trying to decide if I should text them or not.”
At first Tony didn’t respond and instead he simply watched is daughter, trying to read her expression and gauge what her response would be to his reply. “I didn’t want to go all out,” he explained. “I didn’t know if you’d want to celebrate it to be honest.”
“Shall we?” Harry asked, gesturing to the front door in front of them. Aurora nodded, placing her hand on his offered elbow as he ushered her into the high ceilinged foyer. “Everyone’s out back,” he said as they walked down the hallway.
“I don’t need your permission,” Aurora reminded him, her stubborn tone matching her fathers, her determination drying her tears the way nothing else could have. “I’m going.”
“More than you can possibly imagine. I grew up really poor, so this is still very overwhelming. My mum was 19 when she fell pregnant with me and her parents kicked her out of home when she told them. She was living in her car and desperately trying to convince anyone to give her a job and she got really lucky that she met the right people when she needed them most.” She paused in her story, but after a quick nod of assurance from Letterman she continued the tale. “She walked into a bar in Wimbledon called the Golden Stag, explained her situation and asked if they had any waitressing or kitchen jobs going and the owners Helen and Greg pretty much adopted her straight away. Within a couple of days, not only did they give her a job, but they converted the office space above the bar into a tiny little one bedroom apartment and let her live there rent free. I honestly don’t know whether we would have survived without them over the years. They became the only family that we had, and I grew up thinking of them as my grandparents.”
“He’s not my boyfriend,” Rori mumbles, not enjoying the attention from the group who had completely forgotten the movie. “We’re just talking.”
Rori pulled her phone out of her pocket, quickly looking at the screen as notifications piled up. She switched it to silent and placed it face down on the table, turning her attention back to her mother. Louise chuckled as her daughters’ eyes continued to glance towards her phone every couple of minutes. “Just check it,” she ordered with a laugh, “I know you’re dying to see.” Aurora barely paused before snatching her phone back into her hand and a look of pride and excitement lit up her face as she read the comments on her latest video and the reactions on twitter. “What’s the verdict?”
“Yeah kid,” Sam sighed. “I’d be shocked if you didn’t have it after what happened. It’s nothing to be ashamed off, but it won’t help you if we ignore it.”
20 minutes later, Harry found Rori and Louis sitting in the corner of the room with their heads together conspiratorially whispering and writing something down. When he peered over their shoulders, he saw that it was the lyrics for
“Oh no, you’re probably way too cool to be into them,” Rori chuckled. “And there’s this one guy in the band that I’ve got such a thing for.”
“I’m not sure how to break this so I’m just going to say it,” Dan said, his gaze nervously flitting to Harry before he looked away. “The news is reporting that there’s been a mass shooting at Columbia University in New York.”
“Thanks love,” Harry replied, smiling warmly at her, before abruptly standing and offering his hand out to pull her to her feet. “Better get you ready to go,” he said as a voice called out, interrupting their conversation.
Harry was instantly worried when he walked into the bathroom leading off Aurora's room a few days after her chat with Sam. He walked in to find her curled up on the tiles, her face red and blotchy, her chest heaving with her sobs.
As the evening continued, Rhodey stood, delivering his Best Man speech full of embarrassing anecdotes about his best friend and leading the crowd in a toast to a long and joyous lifetime. Once Rhodey returned to his seat, Aurora stood, taking his place at the microphone on the small stage. As she began to speak, Madz and Xavier filed onto the stage behind her, picking up their guitars in preparation.
“Of course, I trust you Mark,” Rori promised, beginning to walk again, pressing her thumb firmly into the palm of her other hand nervously. “You wouldn’t be my manager if I didn’t trust you but I’m nervous. I’ve never performed without the guys and millions of people watch the AMAs. What if I screw up?”
When Peter first came to the tower, he was nervous and skittish around the Avengers, something that Aurora could both a sympathise and empathise with, having experienced the same emotions herself. She made an effort to chat with Peter whenever he came over and he quickly became more comfortable once he got into the lab with Tony and the pair started working on his new and improved suit, which was leaps and bounds beyond the sweatpants and hoodie he had been wearing on patrols. The two spent many late hours in the lab and after a few nights, Steve and Rori started to join them, setting themselves up on the sofa, Steve with his sketchpad and Rori with her laptop full of college essays. The four of them found comfort in spending time together, even while they were all absorbed in their own activities.
“You did,” Rori sighed, tilting her head, inviting him to continue. “But please, feel free to keep saying it.”
boomed through the speakers as she was ushered back to where the rest of the families were still standing in their roped off area.
Harry wrapped his arms around Aurora as he stood behind her, his chest pressed tightly against her back while his chin rested on her shoulder looking out across Central Park as they waited for the fireworks to start.
“And where do you think you’re going?” she chuckled as he leaned his head against her shoulder, his lips pressing gently against her neck.
“Just gotta keep taking it one step at a time,” she said, echoing the phrase Sam repeated often during their chats. “And today’s step is to enjoy watching you boys perform, and then finally getting to take this one home with me.”
“No,” Rori promised. “But I think I’ll definitely get a couple more. I really love the idea of having my art permanently a part of me.”
“We used to get waffles every Christmas Eve,” Rori explained as they ate. Neither Tony nor Steve replied, but they both moved a little bit closer on either side of her.
after the X Factor show and the couple spent the week leading up to Christmas finishing the decorations around the penthouse, watching sappy Christmas themed romcoms and going ice skating in Central Park.
“Thanks,” Steve replied with a warm smile, “I wanted to be an artist when I was a kid, before the war.”
“Say thank you and accept that Tones will always go over the top for the people he cares about,” Rhodey said.
For the next 3 days following the shooting, Aurora found herself meeting with one surgeon after another, first discussing the recovery process for the abdominal wound and her broken collar bone and shoulder blade, and then they were making plans to reconstruct her hand and forearm. The initial surgery had merely stopped the bleeding and stabilized the bones to avoid further damage but as the doctors explained, more surgeries would be needed if she wanted to regain use of the limb. 2 days after the shooting Aurora went back into the OR to have a steel rod inserted where her radius and ulna used to form her forearm and countless plates, pins and screws were imbedded into her hand to stabilize the shattered bones and torn muscles.
“Stop,” he said, his voice hard, leaving no room for debate. “Don’t you tell me what I deserve. I love you and I asked you to marry me because I want to spend the rest of our lives together. You are not broken Aurora. You’re a little battered and bruised but you could never break.”
“And the test came back confirming you are his daughter,” David concluded after Rori paused in her story.
“Merry Christmas Dad,” she murmured in reply, causing both of them to freeze for a moment. Tony recovered first, his face splitting with a gigantic grin and he just hugged her even tighter, chuckling when Steve wrapped his arms around both of them, sandwiching Rori between the two men.
“Of course,” Harry agreed, snuggling his head against her shoulder and Rori laughed deeply, always enjoying how clingy Harry was when he was drunk. She placed soft kisses along his hairline as he hummed, and Nick excused himself to go find someone to dance with him back out on the deck. “Couldn’t find you,” Harry murmured, “got worried about you.”
“You’ll be so busy writing number 1 hits that you won’t have time to miss me,” Harry chuckled, trying to brighten his girlfriend’s mood.
“Harry,” Aurora gasped, placing her hands on either side of his face and pulling his head up to kiss him desperately. “I love you too. I’m the lucky one.”
She didn’t respond to his words, but he breathed a sigh of relief when he felt her body relaxing against his, the tension draining from her muscles.
“Well it’s not exactly the first time someone has claimed I’m someone’s baby daddy,” Tony joked, trying to lighten the tense mood in the room, intensely aware of Steve’s nervous fingers holder a little tighter to his shoulder.
She nodded, thankful that her brain was still to busy freaking out about going on stage that it had no space left to freak out about Harry Styles sitting next to her and chatting to her like he wasn’t Harry Styles.
“Oh love,” he sighed, walking them both over to the bed until he was sitting down with her curled in his lap. “You are beautiful,” he promised. “Do you want to know what I see when I look at these scars?” Aurora lifted her face away from him to look into his eyes. “I see how incredibly strong you are.” He leant forward to kiss her shoulder again, his hands trailing to rest against her hips. “I see how lucky I am to still be able to hold you.” Another kiss, closer to her neck. “I see how hard you fought.” A kiss where her shoulder met her neck. “I see how much I love you.”
“I know this isn’t where either of us expected to be, but I’m glad you’re here,” Steve told her. “I know Tony’s glad you’re here too.”
“I always forget you girls came to see us on the show back in the day,” Harry chuckled when he walked back over to them. “Good to see you again Ella,” he added before hugging her. “Shows about to start in a few minutes ladies so you better go grab your seats.”
“Don’t be embarrassed, love.” Harry reached forward pulling her hand from her face, not letting go as their joined hands rested in her lap. “I’m flattered.”
“For you to still look at me like I’m beautiful,” she confessed, her blushing cheeks hidden from him by his hair.
“I thought I was dying,” she whispered. “I was so convinced that I was done and then Pops was there, and somehow I was still alive. How am I supposed to get over that? I thought I’d never see my family again. That I’d never see Harry.”
Aurora pulled him in for a quick kiss, tucking one of his curls back into place and wished him good luck one last before taking Ella’s hand and heading towards where Anne had saved their seats for them.
They sat for a little while longer before ordering two large hot chocolates to go, and shimmying back into their coats, scarves and hats before venturing back out into the cold night air, arm in arm. The streets were quitter now that it was closer to 10pm, there were only a few other people on the footpaths and very few cars driving by. The ground was damp due the rain that had fallen while they were thankfully inside and Rori laughed as Louise slipped in a puddle, barely managing to avoid falling and dragging her daughter with her. They were both still giggling as the pedestrian light turned green and they began to cross the street, the warm glow of Golden Stag beckoning them from a block away.
All three ordered some food and Aurora couldn’t wipe the broad smile off her face as they relaxed into the plush booth seats. Steve let his eyes wonder, spotting a photo of Louise and a young Rori hanging on the wall behind the bar, as well as Aurora’s old piano over on the other side of the room, evidence that even though she had left London, Rori was still very much remembered here.
. The process was effortless and over the next 4 days they recorded the instrumental and vocal tracks as well as filming the two videos for their separate channels. Aurora and Alejandro’s voices blended together beautifully, and they all had so much fun working together. Thankfully the Avengers took pity on her and stayed out of the way for the duration of the Manzano’s visit and before long the men returned to Florida while Aurora through herself into her college classes, hoping that the months of separation from Harry really would fly by as he’d promised.
“Me to,” Rori replied, her fingers tangling themselves in his curls. She pulled him back into another kiss, deeper than the last, her breathing turning shallow as his hands rested on her hips, pulling her flush against his torso. They sprung apart a few minutes later when someone coughed loudly behind Harry. They both blushed profusely as Ella grinned back at them.
“What if I lose him?” she whispered into the darkness. “I can’t lose another parent, Harry. I can’t.”
Harry was surprised when he saw Aurora again in London the afternoon of the band's final performance on the X factor. He hadn’t expected her to still be sticking to the plans they had made months ago given that she had already flown out for the end of the tour the previous month. He quickly got over his surprise and rushed over to greet her, taking her in. While her hand was still strapped into a heavy brace and probably would be for many months to come, the sling was gone, and he could tell by the way she held yourself that the rest of her injuries had healed in the 2 and a half months since the shooting. Her long black hair was loosely curled and cascading over her shoulder and down her back, and she was wearing his favourite colour on her, a navy blue ¾ sleeved, form fitted dress that hugged her curves and ended just above her knees. He smiled widely as he pulled her into a tight embrace, letting her go only enough for their lips to meet.
Following the last show in Chicago, the band had a week and a half break before continuing the tour in California, so Harry joined Aurora on her flight back to New York on the Sunday afternoon of the last day of August.
“But what do I do now? The thought of going back to school makes me sick, and I might never play the piano again. What do I do with my life now?”
“Should I be worried about what’s going on over here?” he asked, wrapping and arm around their shoulders.
“Nice to meet you too,” Eleanor replied, “and of course you got an invite. It’s a right of passage for anyone dating one of this idiots.”
“Sleep kiddo,” Tony whispered, leaning forward to kiss her temple. “I’ll wake you when it’s time to go home.”
“Dad, Pops, mind if I interrupt?” Aurora asked, walking into the kitchen where Steve was cooking dinner and Tony was attempting to help, but really was just being a nuisance.
Harry stood up from where he’d been sitting beside Rori on her bed, kissing her on the temple before leaving the room and closing the door behind him, offering the pair some privacy for what was sure to be a difficult conversation. Aurora was propped up against the headboard with a mountain of pillows surrounding her and she gestured for Sam to take a seat on the bed beside her. He sat down near her knee and offered her a soft smile before speaking.
“Everything? Anything? I’m not sure,” Rori laughed awkwardly. “I don’t really know how to have a dad, so I’m not really sure how to do this.”
“There you are love,” Harry greeted, walking over to Rori’s side and pulling her against him in a warm embrace. “Hi Ella,” he added, “Rebecca. Good to see you ladies again.”
“Love, what happened?” He asked gently as he knelt down on the cold floor, pulling her up and into his arms. She didn’t reply at first, simply pushing herself closer against him as her breathing stuttered.
The morning after her second surgery, Aurora was sitting up in hospital bed, checking social media on her phone, while Harry sat on the side of her bed with her and Tony and Steve sat against the nearby wall in the uncomfortable plastic chairs. They were interrupted when a nurse came in to start the paperwork for her discharge and Tony followed her out of the room. Once he was gone Steve announced that he was going to go get everyone coffee and he invited Harry to join him. At first, he had declined, arguing that he would stay with Aurora until she pushed him to go.
“I didn’t want to worry you,” he admitted, “and I was ashamed. I shouldn’t have been, but I was. I thought I should have been stronger, and I was scared to let you see me be weak.”
“Probably not,” Rori said. “But he’s worth it. I like who I am with him. I don’t have to worry that he’s only with me because of my name, he’d feel the same way about Aurora Bennett as he does about Aurora Stark.”
Aurora shook her head against his chest, taking a deep breath to steady herself before answering, her voice muffled as she continued to press her face into his Christmas sweater. “I love it.”
“What?” Aurora asked, surprised by the news, having had no idea that it was even an idea before now. “But things have been going so well. Why?”
After they had all eaten their fill and were leaning back in their chairs, nursing bulging stomachs and sated grins, Tony turned to his daughter. “Ready for your present?” he asked excitedly.
“And could you get me the contacts for Rascal Flatts?” Rori asked. “I’d like to talk to them, and just apologize again and maybe discuss doing something next year for their album release maybe.”
“I had JARVIS set up some internet search protocols,” Tony told her after a few hours. “Just so that we would know if the paparazzi or anyone work out who you are or something.”
Two weeks after Harry returned to the tour, Aurora was sitting at the large dining table with every member of the Avengers team present. They were halfway through the meal before Clint finally snapped, asking the question on everyone’s mind. “Rori are you gonna tell us why you made such a big deal about everyone having dinner tonight?”
“Oh My God!” Ella gasped. “You sneak. Tell me everything. Wait is Harry who you spent New Year’s Eve with? You said you had an industry party but were you really with him?”
“Last year, the city was rocked by the Battle of New York, which of course was when we saw the creation of the Avengers. I’m curious as to what that situation was like from the inside.”
“What would you have done if you were still in London?” Tony asked quietly once it was clear that she was not going to add anything further.
The sun was sitting as they left the airport and turned south, Aurora’s hand was resting on Harry’s thigh and she watched the clouds turn salmon pink in the sky. It was dark when Harry pulled his landrover into the driveway of Anne and Robins house, and Rori smiled warmly when she climbed out of the car to find Anne stepping out onto the front step.
“Well then I won’t hold it against you,” he promised. “At least tell me I was your favourite though.” The blush returned to her face in full force causing him to break into another tear-inducing bought of laughter. “Damn,” he sighed. “Who was it then?”
also some of you may have seen my post a few days ago about fucking up the timeline so if you had already read the first 10 chapters I've slightly edited them. Long story short: Rori's mum now died at the end of 2010 and she only spent 6 months in foster care instead of the year and a half originally.
“We can stay here as long as you need,” Harry promised, kissing her hair as he felt her relaxing in his hold.
Despite missing a member, the tour was a success, continuing on much like the previous one had and after the first few shows, Aurora found that it felt just like old times. They travelled across Europe and along the west coast and into Canada, recording and finalising the new album. Aurora even recorded the piano track for
“Neither am I love,” Harry said with a smirk, “and besides, they don’t really card you at these types of things. Especially not after you just smashed that song. I’d love a chance to chat with you. Please come?”
Harry pulled her in for one last desperate kiss before turning and walking back to Niall. He didn’t turn back this time and Aurora held her breath until he disappeared from view. As soon as he was gone, she let the sobs break through her chest, slowly walking through the terminal towards her own gate. She waited in the private lounge until her flight was ready and then made her way on board, settling into her first class seat. She put on her headphones and shuffled
They stayed at the pub for another few hours, chatting and laughing before Aurora had to leave to go back to the hotel to get ready before dinner. As they were leaving Greg popped out from behind the bar to give both girls a hug goodbye and reminding Rori that he would see her on Saturday night for her birthday dinner with himself, Helen and Rori’s dads.
Once the jet finally touched down at the airport, Aurora took a cab to the stadium. Before she climbed out of the cab, she quickly pulled her long dark hair back in 2 braids, covering her eyes with a large pair of sunglasses and tugging a baseball cap down low over her brow. She joined the queue forming outside the venue, chatting with some of the fans already in line, smirking when none of them realised who she was at first. Eventually a few of those standing closest to her in the line recognised her but she shushed them and swore them to secrecy. “I just want to experience the show like any other fan,” she told them. “If you want, we can take some selfies together, but could you wait until tomorrow to post them?” They’d agreed and she had enjoyed spending the majority of the day chatting away with them while they waited. When the doors finally opened, Aurora ran with her new friends into the venue, staking out their position against the barricade next to the catwalk section of the stage about halfway along. Once the lights dimmed for the start of the show, Rori finally took off her baseball cap and pulled her hair out of the braids, combing her fingers through them and tossing her hair back over her shoulders.
“I thought I’d just post a video on my channel?” Rori replied, hitching her bag further up her shoulder as she continued to walk through the park.
Despite being so close to her home across the river, Aurora didn’t visit while she was in New Jersey with the band and instead Tony came to see her. He was beyond excited when he pulled her into a tight embrace, lifting her feet off the ground as he swung her around.
Aurora wasn’t at all surprised by the surprise party that she walked into when she stepped out of the lift and into the penthouse with Harry by her side. The scene that greeted her was so perfectly Tony, that she felt herself grinning widely. There was a banner strung across the living room that read;
, a security guard came to escort Aurora backstage. As the song came to an end there was a lull and while Harry stepped out towards the front of the stage to talk with the crowd, Louis went jogging off stage towards where Rori was now waiting in the wings.
“Well then your manager is a genius. That song was incredible, and it deserved something big. Do you mind if I ask the story behind it?”
By the time the last song came to an end, Aurora made her way out of the crowd and towards the backstage tent, throwing her arms around Harry once he made his way of the stage.
“Mark I can’t thank you enough,” Rori said. “I honestly wouldn’t have been able to handle any of this in those first few week so thank you.”
“He’ll get over it,” Aurora replied, smiling with excitement. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to go work out what I’m going to wear.”
over the course of a few days and after Gary sang the song through with Joe and Jay accompanying him on the guitar and bass, and Aurora playing the piano, all four of them were grinning from ear to ear with excitement.
Ella was the first person to rush forward and throw her arms around her best friend. “Happy Birthday Rors,” she cheered. “Were you surprised?”
“We’ve actually called it quits,” Rori chuckled in response to Letterman’s surprise. “We’ve all had an incredible time over the last year and a half, but the wedding last month was our last gig since we’re going our separate ways for college. I’m staying here in the city, but the boys are off to the west coast. It was a great opportunity for all of us but we’re each excited to go our own ways for a while.”
“She’s gonna be ok,” Steve promised, wrapping his arms around Harry and hugging the young man again. “Our girls a fighter.”
In mid-February, Aurora was sitting in her favourite on campus café at Columbia, with her laptop, notebook and art theory textbooks spread out across a small table in the corner. She’d been set up there for most of the day, attempting to get her head around her latest research paper, a steady stream of coffee refills, muffins and a sandwich getting her through the hours. A little after lunch she was joined at the table by her manager, Mark. She attempted to push some of her books to the side to make space for him to rest his coffee on the table, offering him an embarrassed apology.
“God, I missed you,” Harry sighed. “OMG are you ok?” he gasped suddenly remembering the crush in the crowd.
“I can reach out to people for you,” Mark said. “Get me a list of people that you’re interested in working with and I’ll see what I can do.”
“Miss you when I go home too Lou,” Rori promised. “Life’s too boring without my big brother around.”
“It’s ok Rori,” Liam replied, smiling softly as he wrapped his arms around her. “We’ve got to be able to lean on each other, right?”
Aurora was crying softly when Tony walked back into the hospital room and at first, he didn’t say anything. He just sat down next to her on the bed and let her lean into him, his arms wrapping around her and holding her gently as she gasped for breath. By the time she pulled herself together, Tony’s eyes were shut, and he was humming softly, his lips pressed into her hair.
“I can’t forget it,” Rori said, pulling herself back from his hold to look at his face. “I don’t want to forget it. This last week has been so intense and I think I just got overwhelmed by it all. Ask me again.”
She nodded in reply, a small smile pulling at the corners of her mouth as she remembered. “He was shocked by the news, as I’m sure anyone would be to learn that they had a 16 year old kid. He got straight on a plane and flew to London to meet me. I think my foster dad nearly had a stroke when he answered the door. We had dinner together and he asked me all about my life and I told him about my mum and living at the pub and the accident. It was awkward at first but within a few hours we’d just hit it off and then when I asked him about signing the forms he refused. He invited me to come live with him in New York instead, at least until I was 18 and then if I didn’t want to stay, he said I could move wherever I wanted. I agreed and we flew out a week later after the courts signed off on it.”
“Well you need to,” her agent replied. “The response to the Rascal Flatts cover you posted a few days ago is great. Everyone loved it, including Rascal Flatts.”
Aurora broke into a fit of laughter at that, her head falling forward to rest against his shoulder as she gasped for breath.
“You said you were just going there to cheer Harry up and then you were coming home,” Tony reminded her accusingly. “There was no mention of performing.”
“Me either,” Rori agreed. “But honestly I just had so much fun, so thank you for inviting me down here.”
“He went down there to run a few ops with Nat over the summer. She’s got his back, so we’ve just got to trust that he knows what he’s doing. He’ll be fine.” Aurora could tell that Tony didn’t really believe the words that he was saying, and she didn’t believe them either but they both silently agreed to keep pretending they did. If either of them allowed themselves to truly worry about Steve, they knew that they would crumble. For now, fake confidence would have to get them through. “I love you Rori,” Tony added.
While she was in surgery, Steve and Tony went back to the tower to shower, change clothes and update the team while Harry remained in the waiting room having refused when both men had tried to convince him to go with them. Instead he used the time to call Louis, filling him in on everything the doctors had told them and getting updates on the status of the tour he was currently missing. They had 2 shows out of 6 to go in London when Harry had left, and those along with the Manchester, Glasgow and Birmingham shows had all been postponed. Louis told Harry that they were rescheduling the shows for the week following the Sheffield shows that were originally slated to be the end of the tour. This left Harry with 2 weeks in New York before he needed to fly back, although Louis promised that if he needed longer, they would make it work.
“I sure hope so,” she answered. She was gripping her hands together nervously, attempting to stop their shaking. “Got any advice for me?”
“Yeah, that makes sense,” she said, reaching out to push open the front door. Aurora froze on the threshold as a chorus of
“And then I was thinking I’d really like to do some YouTube collabs, but I have no idea how to make that happen.”
“Me too,” Harry replied, kissing her cheek before leading her over to the table filled with her family and friends. He pulled out her seat for her and then made his way down to the other end of table to sit with the guys. Throughout dinner Rori found her eyes returning to Harry and his face would light up with a smile every time their eyes met, causing Rori to blush. Tony watched the looks and smiled softly to himself, nudging Steve with his elbow to draw his husband’s attention to the young couples flirting. Steve chuckled softly, happier than he could explain to see their daughter falling in love. After dinner, before the cake was served Rori watched as Harry quietly excused himself and headed towards the toilets. A few minutes later she not so subtly also excused herself from the table. She found him walking back towards the table, grabbing his hand and pulling him into the stairwell leading to her old apartment, out of the sight of the table. She stepped up onto the lowest step, bringing her face level with Harry’s and lent forward to kiss him.
Harry was sitting with Niall on a sofa in the green room of the O2 Arena in London while Louis and Liam were playing table tennis across the room. That night’s show was set to start in a little over 2 hours and there were plenty of people coming and going from the room as the boys relaxed before they had to go out on stage. Harry was laughing at Liam’s failed dive to save a shot when a member of their management team, Dan, rushed into the room.
In the middle of November, Aurora was glued to her laptop as she watched the little clock in the corner of her screen ticking away the minutes. She finally hit refresh on her browser one last time and suddenly the new One Direction album was live. She pressed play on the first track, smiling excitedly as
As always please check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
“Sounds perfect,” Aurora agreed, and both stood, shrugging into their coats and pulling on their beanies and scarves. The winter air was crisp and biting as they stepped out on the footpath and Harry offered his arm to Rori as they walked the short distance to the sprawling heath. She looped her arm through his before tucking her hands back into her pockets and she pressed herself into his side as they walked along the wide paths in the sunshine. There were plenty of others walking nearby but nobody seemed aware of the two celebrities passing them by for which both were grateful.
“But very romantic,” Harry said. “Everyone’s allowed to make mistakes. I’ll check with security in a minute and make sure everyone’s ok.”
“She’s been in surgery for the last few hours and we haven’t had an update yet,” Steve explained, walking Harry back over to where Tony had still yet to move. They both fell into the empty seats on his right. “She was in pretty bad shape by the time we got her here, but the doctors seem pretty confident that she’ll be ok.”
“I just don’t know what to do, H,” she confessed. “Usually I’d paint, or I’d play or just do something to get out what I’m feeling but I haven’t been down to the studios in months.”
This is shorter chapter just to tie up the Letterman interview and now we are out of flashback sequences and into the meat of the story. Get ready for Harry to make his entrance in the next chapter :)
“Yeah, but we don’t have to worry about that for a while I don’t recon,” Tony said. “I only mention it because when I was doing that it pulled up any mention of you online and I saw your social media accounts.” He paused, not knowing whether he had overstepped and invaded her privacy, but she remained quiet, waiting for him to reach his point. “I found your YouTube channel.”
“But the album is just as much yours as it is ours,” Louis argued, pouting slightly as he threw his arm around his friend, a little drunk and feeling very sure of himself. “The fans’ll love it. We could do
“I wanna get a yellow cab on my ribs,” Aurora explained. “Big Yellow Taxi was mum’s favourite song, so I want to be a walking cliché and put it near my heart.”
His lips traced the wounds before his hands returned to the zip, pulling it down the rest of the way until the dress fell to the floor, leaving Aurora standing in only her bra and panties. He dropped to his knees in front of her, his fingers tracing along the scar above her left hip, his mouth following their path. He heard Rori suck in an unstable breath and looked up at her. Silent tears were rolling down her face as she looked down at him and in an instant, he was standing with her face cradled in his shoulder, one hand stroking calmly along her spine while the other held her head to him.
She chuckled, leaning up to kiss his cheek before disappearing into the crowd. She returned after a while, a glass of water in hand and Harry’s arm darted out to pull her against his side as soon as she reappeared. She rested her head against his shoulder, secure against him as the conversation swelled around her.
Pepper was shocked, but Steve was nothing but proud. He was aware of the man that Tony had grown to be in the wake of his parents’ deaths, the version of himself that he let people see, but he was also aware that the arrogant playboy was not the real Tony Stark. The real Tony Stark was fiercely loyal and despite the arc reactor taking up a large portion of his chest, he still had a heart twice the size of anyone else Steve had ever met.
On the 23rd of December, after Rori came home from her final exam, the team gathered around on the various sofas and beanbags with pizza boxes strewn between them as they watched Die Hard. Aurora was laying across one of the sofas, her slipper clad feet in Steve’s lap and her head settled on a cushion on Natasha’s who was running her hands through the teenager’s hair. She shuffled around on the sofa, pulling her phone from her pocket as it buzzed about halfway through the movie. A smile stretched across her face as she read through the text.
they all began to push forwards towards the stage, causing those against the barriers to become crushed against the metal. Louis noticed the problem moments before the nearest security guard, immediately signalling to the band to cut the music and drawing the security teams’ attention. “Is everyone alright down there?” he asked, his accent thickening with his concern for the fans. The other boys turned towards Louis trying to catch up to what was happening, and the moment Harry noticed that Louis was standing in front of Aurora’s section of the crowd he sprinted across the stage towards her, panic clear on his face. By the time he reached Louis’ side, the security guards had already managed to pull several of the girls over the barriers and Louis was instructing the fans behind to calm down and stop pressing forward. Rori quickly joined the few fans standing between the barriers and the stage and as soon as she was out of the crush she looked up to find Harry crouching down on the side of the stage in an attempt to get closer to her without leaving the stage and causing a bigger crush from the crowd. “Are you alright?” he yelled in concern, visibly relaxing when she nodded and smiled reassuringly back. He stayed kneeling at the edge of the stage until the situation had been sorted and just before Rori was ushered away to a different part of the crowd, Harry signalled to the guard by her side to wait. By the time he jumped down from the stage, a camera had already been tracking the situation and a large percentage of the crowd was already aware that the girl with the black hair was in fact Aurora Stark, so when Harry swept her into his arms the crowd around them erupted into screams with the confirmation of the rumours that the two were dating. He turned to the waiting guard as they pulled apart, insisting that he make sure she was taken backstage to watch the remainder of the show in safety before he quickly climbed back on to the stage.
“Ok,” Harry said. “Today’s probably not the best day to tackle those fears so what do you say we go for a run. Just the two of us. We can run until we’re dead on our feet and then curl up in bed and watch The Santa Claus.”
Harry felt that Malibu was the perfect place to spend the weekend, renting a beach house for the pair and Aurora spent the days lounging beside the pool and soaking up as much sun as she could. Given their usually hectic schedules, the young couple revelled in the free time. The opportunity to waste away hours by the pool, without the constant demands to be somewhere or do something was intoxicating. Harry was happy to set himself up on a banana lounge with a book and a glass of red wine, enjoying the relaxing sounds of the nearby waves and the view of his beautiful girlfriend laying nearby in a bikini. Likewise, Aurora was also enjoying the calming sound of the waves, and would cheekily request that Harry refill her drink, if only to watch him walking around in a pair of boardshorts slung low on his hips and nothing else. Before long, their mini vacation was at an end and Aurora headed back into the studio, spending three days filming the 2 covers and then helping with the beginnings of the editing process. After what felt like no time at all, the pair said goodbye to their new friends with promises to catch up again in the future before heading to LAX to fly up to Toronto for Harry to start the next leg of the bands tour. By the time they returned to the States on Monday, the two covers were posted on both Aurora’s channel and Our Last Nights, much to their fan’s excitement and praise.
“Louis and his girlfriend Eleanor, Liam and his girlfriend Sophia, Zayn and Niall,” Harry listed. “We always get together after we spend Christmas with our families,” Harry explained. “We have a games night with the girlfriends and just hang out as friends before all the craziness of touring kicks off again.”
“Yeah, I’ve been thinking about that. Maybe when you arrive before the show in London, we can both post a photo of us together and just confirm it on social media?”
“Joining a band seems like a pretty good way to fit in at a school filled with performers and artists,” Tony pointed out.
“Absolutely!” Aurora cheered, grinning broadly, all three men hugging her tightly before she said her goodbyes and climbed into the cab waiting for her outside.
“How about we take it slow?” Harry suggested, his hands returning to the zipper while his eyes locked with hers. She nodded and he slowly lowered the zipper until the dress fell off her shoulder. As the navy blue material slid aside, Harry’s eyes roamed over the exposed skin, a long thin scar followed the curve of her collarbone for about 6 or 7cm leading up to a sunken divot in her shoulder, no bigger than a dime. He lent forward to gently press his lips to the edge of the now healed wound and Aurora shivered. “Is this ok?” he murmured against her skin.
“God there’s nothing better,” Harry agreed, only peeling his eyes away from his girl when they were joined by another exec wanting to wish them well.
“You’re really talented,” he said. “Your landscape paintings are beautiful, and I like that you record your own music for the videos. I know Steve’s already told you, but you’re welcome to use his art studio whenever you want. I know he’s looking forward to having someone around the house that can talk art with him.”
“Thanks Harry,” Mark said. “Anyway, you too enjoy the rest of your day and I’ll talk to you in a few days Rori.”
“No, no, no, no,” she stammered, “He didn’t attack me. He saved me.” She could imagine the look of confusion she would see on her fathers face if it wasn’t shielded behind the Iron Man faceplate.
Harry sat down, pulling Rori onto his lap as the cake was sliced and handed out to everyone. She looked across the table to where her parents were sitting, catching a smirk on Tony’s face while Steve smacked him lightly on the shoulder. “Leave her alone,” she heard him tell his husband. “You’re such a shit stirrer.”
When the boys returned to the green room, she was struck again by how weird it was for there only to be the four of them now and she frowned. The entire time she had known Harry it had been him and the four boys, but now for Zayn to be gone, she still didn’t quite understand. She remembered when Harry had called her from the road, the night that Zayn had walked out on them. He’d been in tears and her heart had broken as she stayed on the phone with him for hours, promising that it would be ok. That no matter what happened with the band, that she would be there, and he would be ok. They had talked about restructuring songs, splitting up Zayn’s parts between the four of them and after they’d hung up, she had cried. While she and Zayn had not been best friends like she was with Louis, and they hadn’t gotten along quite as easily as she did with Liam or Niall, she had still grown to think of him as her brother, as she had with all of them. He was always quieter than the others and sometimes when the chaos of the tour had become just a little too much, the two of them would hide away somewhere quiet to relax and decompress. She’d tried to call him a few days after he’d left, but he’d ignored her call, probably assuming that she would have sided with Harry, like a child having to pick which parent to live with after the divorce. In truth she’d just wanted to make sure her friend was ok. It had been months now and she still hadn’t heard from him. She’d sent texts and twitter dm’s, trying to explain that she just wanted to talk and that she missed him, but it had all gone unanswered. The only contact any of them had had with him since March had been when Louis had argued with him on twitter in April. All of this was running through her head as the boys piled into the green room, flopping down on sofas and attempting to relax before they were needed on stage in a little over an hour. Harry placed a kiss on her cheek as he walked past her towards where Lou was waiting to fix his hair for the show.
“You just need time, love,” he soothed. “It’s only been a week. You can’t be so hard on yourself. Talking with Sam seems to help, so keep doing that and I’ll speak to management about getting out of the interviews we’ve got scheduled for the rest of the year. I’ll finish out the shows and then come straight back.”
