“Cowards.” Tony spat at both of them, his eyes narrowing when something attacked his feet, looking down he saw a black bundle of fur that was having a whale of a time scrabbling around at his shoe laces.
Steve glanced up at the images, “What do you want to do?” He asked, “This isn’t just my wedding, its yours too.”
Sadly it didn’t turn out as he had hoped as the Son of one of Howard’s Friends/enemies/what the fuck ever, showed up sporting his own version of an arc reactor looking to get a pound of flesh in revenge for his Father, even though it was Howard who’d screwed the guy over, not Tony.
“That bastard thrives to make trouble.” Tony said, “But it’s not the business trouble that I am worried about, it’s his getting social services involved, claiming I’m and unfit parent.”
“Late.” MJ said, “Now, I’m gonna go and run into the park, give me a five minute head start and then follow me.”
“Hungry?” Steve asked holding up the bag holding the take aways, “I’ve got a double cheese burger, a bacon cheese burger, a southern fried chicken burger, and single cheese burger.”
Steve rose an eyebrow, "What if I need the bathroom?"
*****
Having not been to the tower in weeks, the receptionist greeted Steve with surprise as he asked her if Tony was in the building, and was directed to Tony’s office, where the Billionaire was apparently doing the paper work he couldn’t pass off on other people or ignore until Pepper screamed at him and threatened to tie him to his office chair until he’d gotten it done.
He watched Tony sleep while he ate and drank. The Omega slept in a foetal position, arms and legs drawn up together and face flushed with heat, his breathing shallow and pulse quick. The air in the room was thick with pheromones and the smell of sex, the bed linens were becoming soaked with sweat, slick, and semen, disgusting to anyone not in heat or sharing a heat with an Omega, but paradise for those that were.
“We’re going to have to get on this, Steve,” Natasha said, to Rogers, “Your double has practically called you homophobic publicly. That’s going to create one hell of a backlash.”
“You can’t determine that from the readings you already have?” Steve asked, not really relishing the thought of Tony going through another of those nightmares.
“Steve,” Tony cried out, a hand wrapping around Steve’s wrist, “Please!”
“Uh-huh. I went into Mamma’s bedroom and I saw Mamma on top of Daddy, and he was pinning him to the bed with his arms about his head.” Zach looked up at Thor, “Mamma was bouncing on Daddy too, but it didn’t sound like it was hurting Daddy.”
That was another difference. Steve’s Tony had never been so uncertain that he’d be second guessing himself, nor did he ever have that earnest, bordering on desperate desire to please in his eyes that this Tony did. At least, not until the aftermath of The Purple Man.
They wasted no time in gathering the forces of every superhero on earth so that they were ready when Thanos attacked, however Tony, Steve, Peter, and Strange all ended up on Titan battling Thanos after being taken away by Ebony Maw in Thanos’ ship.
Steve sat by Peter’s bedside, he wanted to go and see Tony but knew that Tony would want him to stay with Peter, would rather he be there than with the Billionaire right now. Bruce and Natasha chose to stay with Tony while Sam and Thor stayed with Steve. Clint kindly headed back to the tower to tell Pepper of the news and help her with Zach when he woke up, also to explain things to Ned and MJ’s parents.
“He’s planning on being a time lord when he grows up.” Peter said with a grin over Zach’s head, “He’s going to build himself a Tardis in the lab.”
Their brake up had been painful but amicable, and they had remained friends, suffering only a few weeks of awkwardness before they had settled back into their usual routine.
“Mr Osborn, I understand; the school understands that you are upset. We are all upset for what happened to Harry, it was a most unfortunate incident.” The Principal said.
“Fine.” Tony sighed, “You may give your statement to the court and it will be judged fairly without bias.”
“That’s quite alright,” Steve said, understandingly, he looked over his shoulder, “They do not deserve you,”
“Thank you.” Tony said with a small smile, he felt Steve squeeze his hand in support and drew in a breath for the next question.
“You are so grounded.” Tony said with a final glare at him.
“I never could.” Steve said, “And I know you, I know that once you are out of this hospital you’ll get the hang of using a chair and have those races with Zach, you’ll probably have wheelchair derby’s with Clint, maybe even fit repulsors to the chair and fly about everywhere!”
*****
Excitedly Zach turned and ran back to the bed, leaping up onto it and began to jump up and down, “Wake up, wake up!”
Tony nodded, “Have you got a heavy duty hammer? I might be able to beat it out some the dents, at least get it to open up properly so I don’t have to contort myself to get in there.”
“Chickenpox.”
“Wheels up Sam.” Natasha called as she went back to Clint.
“Since New York.” Steve admitted, his cheeks flushing, he gave a wry smile to Tony’s shocked look, “Right after you flew the nuke into the wormhole, it suddenly hit me that I had lost the most interesting person I’d met in this century, someone who made me want to kiss him as well as punch him, someone who turned all my assumptions about him completely upside down, who confused and beguiled me more than anyone ever had.”
Bratislava Slovakia
“Because they like each-other.” Peter said, “They like each-other a lot, but they haven’t figured out how to tell each-other yet.”
“Its my secret power. Shit good luck and a winning smile.” Tony replied shooting Steve a grin as they headed under the bridge. Steve snorted and shook his head,
Tony nodded his head sniffing, “I saw it Steve, she made me see it.”
“I know.” Tony sighed, “But what about Barnes? He has suffered so much already. The last thing he needs is more punishment, he needs help and compassion. He won’t get that inside a prison.”
If the armour was capable of shrugging then that was what Jarvis did, “She has the ability to affect and manipulate minds, she was in close proximity to Sir, it is entirely possible that she has affected him and may even still be doing so.”
“The kind that Osborn can’t risk becoming public knowledge because its illegal.”
Bucky rolled his eyes, sometimes dealing with Winter was like dealing with a recalcitrant toddler, “Hasn’t there been enough killing?”
It was usually hard to read Vision’s expressions as he was still learning about emotions, but this time it was clear what he felt, anger, anger at what Hydra had done and the pain they had caused.
“Your Mother isn’t here, is he?” He said to Peter and placed the tip of the scalpel at the top of Peter’s breastbone, “He’d have to find me before he could do anything to me, and there is so much I can do to you before that happens.”
The committee ordered a recess for lunch having spent the morning going over everything with Tony a second time and clarifying further points with him, leaving the Billionaire feeling exhausted as he stepped outside with Rhodey, to meet Steve and Lily.
Tony POV
“Long story Bruce.” Tony said, “I’ll tell you enroute. Strange, I need to take Lily to Pepper and get them both to the shelters before I mobilize.”
“I could still launch a civil suit against him.” He said, “See him tried in a civil court for his crimes.”
Ned’s excitement only grew worse when it was Steve who picked them up at school, Zach was in the back of the car in his booster seat swinging his legs back and forth.
“Its time for you speech,” She said, handing him her own napkin, since his had been screwed up into a ball and discarded, “Wipe your mouth, there is drool on your chin!”
“Watch your tone.” He cautioned.
“True.” Steve agreed, “But you could take a sabbatical or remote pilot the suit. And I should probably get my erm… stuff checked out, I can’t be sure what the serum did my….”
He didn’t like lying to Tony, but this wasn’t lying, he just wasn’t going to tell him until it was over with and as the interview would be having a live stream on the programmes web feed, Tony wouldn’t be able to stop it before it got released either.
“What?” Tony gaped at his treacherous seven year old who beamed up at him with a far too innocent expression while Steve and Peter laughed at his expense. “Okay did you get replaced by a pod person while I was sleeping?” Tony demanded narrowing his eyes as he looked Zach over, “You are supposed to be on my side, you are supposed to say that Mamma is the most wonderful, sexy, super genius on the planet.”
“Something to do with Hydra I think.” Steve said, “He wouldn’t say much over the phone, Tony’s going to have Happy and Pepper stay with the kids while we’re there, and um you, if you don’t mind.”
A battle field strewn with the bodies of the Avengers, chitauri, leviathan. Steve lay on the ground broken and choking on his own blood. Peter was beside him, torn open from his neck to his groin, his face tragically gazing up as if he were asking why this had happened to him.
“I want to call her Morgan.” Tony said, “She looks like a Morgan.”
His baby was crying, his and Steve’s baby was crying. He and Steve had a baby!
Steve unscrewed the cap and downed most of the water in a few gulps, “Why hasn’t Peter awoken?” he asked, kneeling down besides Peter.
Tony naturally took the first dance with Pepper, an elegant and easy to follow waltz which ended in everyone clapping and Tony relinquishing Pepper to the Mayor of New York, and turning to head for the bar when Steve held out a hand to him,
“Absolutely,” Steve said, “Dealing with the press is not my favourite occupation, but I have done so on several occasions and Tony, my Tony, helped teach me how to deal with them, how to avoid saying the wrong thing and not letting them lead me on or twist my words.”
“Do you have any questions?”
“Peter is recovering now though?” The host asked.
“But the serum was faulty?” The host asked.
Although what he thought that Steve might do, Tony didn’t know. Yet, as he watched Steve settle into the seat of the Stark Jet, he noticed that the super soldier seemed to be on edge himself.
Working with Banner was easy, the Beta, while nervous, was a dream to work with, as intelligent as Tony himself, innovative and encouraging, Tony was so going to get him into SI R&D.
“And get in touch with Natasha and Fury.” Tony said, regretting that his phone had been left in the car and Steve’s at the hotel on charge. “Hopefully Sam’s got a computer he won’t mind me borrowing.”
“Tony?” Steve called, patting Butterfingers as he came into the lab, and greeted YOU and Dumm-E,
“Of course not!” Tony cried.
“Peter?” Tony asked, sitting up and rubbing his face, “He’s fine, he’s at his friend’s house.”
Wolverine had died next, then Rhodey with the air force, T’Challa fell soon after, as Wakanda was overwhelmed. Black Widow and Hawkeye had taken after that, and Hulk had died trying to avenge his friend.
“Your freak Son.” Curien spat, he yelped as Tony back handed him,
More coffee followed this, a very brief bathroom break for Steve who was absolutely bursting by then. After which he returned to his seat to watch the clock, while the others talked, walked, went and spoke to the receptionist to try and get updates, and shifted uncomfortably in their seats.
Maya barely restrained herself from slapping Tony’s face, reigning herself in with effort and thrust a faded piece of paper at him, “Remember this?”
The Villa was a single level building built atop of the cliff face much like Tony’s Malibu home had been, but much smaller, it had an open plan Kitchen and living space with a large TV, corner-suite sofa and chaise lounges. There was one bathroom, and the master suite had an ensuite bathroom, so there was going to be arguing over using the bathrooms throughout the stay. There were also only two other rooms hence the fact they would be sharing.
“No, Tony, why would I be pissed, when you actually gave me the greatest gift ever.” He got right into Tony’s face as he spoke, “Desperation. You know, after you agreed to meet me on the rooftop I actually believed you, continued to believe you’d show for the first twenty or so minutes. Then after that I thought about taking that step down to the lobby, the short cut, know what I mean?”
For a moment, a sickening sense of pleasure rushes through Tony. He forgets that there is a dying man before him. The door of the cell, wide open and inviting, beckons to him. "
Tony fell back into the bed, folding his arms under his head. A bird chirped outside his room, the ceiling fan spinning above them slowly.
What Steve wasn't telling him was that he didn't really have a choice. It was either help or refuse and face certain death.
He was mostly hard now, his core aching so desperately for a touch he'd longed for, dreamt of.
He almost whined at the loss of Steve's fingers, as the latter pulled back to get lube. Tony waited patiently, preparing himself for Steve's slick fingers to fill him again— but they never came.
When they break away, Steve grabs his hand before he can climb onto the window sill. The remorse in his eyes has been replaced by something brighter and in his heart, Tony knows just what it is.
," Tony mutters angrily as he sits up.
“I like you,” he said again, moments later, as they surfaced for air.
Steven guides Tony to a small room leading off of the landing. A row of fire against the wall of the room, illuminates what looks like a mini infirmary. He gently sets Steven onto the tiny bed in the far corner, and checks his pulse. His breathing is ragged and Tony can feel him burning up against his skin.
The room screams Steve. It's painted the same blue as the entire house. A tiny desk is crammed to one side, and the wall against which it rests is lined with sketches and art pieces, a couple of posters, Steve's high school team and some college paraphernalia.
Tony turns to look at him then, eyes wide, unbelieving. Had he heard him right? "What?"
The shock that rocks through Tony at his words leaves him grasping at his chest. In all the days they spent together, they never talked much. Tony healed Steve and the latter made sure that Tony was comfortable. Well, as comfortable a prisoner could be.
Tony's heart is flailing, to put it lightly. He is trembling slightly which is only partly because of the chill.
Steve hasn't seen anything hotter and that's saying something, given the plethora of experience with someone as gorgeous as Giselle.
"When did you get this?" Steve asked then, his voice hoarse and throaty.
It was a deep kiss, the kind that sent Steve reeling and left him yearning for more. Before he could respond, however, Tony kissed his jaw and then sunk to the floor before him —
"My mother was murdered by a witch."
Steve's heart does a little skip.
"Do you know the witch that killed your mother?"
Tony glances awkwardly at the glass and then back at him. Steve's eyes are shining with tears and Tony's heart almost stops.
Tony has never missed Jarvis, his familiar as much as he does at this moment. The looming darkness dulls against the ache of missed company.
"I never said that."
Three dates however, were apparently enough for Steve and that's why here they were, with Steve's long and lean fingers stretching Tony open nicely.
Steve's chest tightened again but he let the feeling slide. "I understand. So there
Him and Steve they are just better together.
He groaned softly as Tony's fingers pulled at his hair gently and pressed them closer than before. Steve could vaguely hear the movie still running behind them because neither had bothered to turn it off. Tony attacked his jaw then, leaving open mouthed kisses along before moving onto his neck. Steve's breath hitched as he moved to the base of his neck and sucked hard. A purple bruise there would be hard to explain to his mother.
"Only good things I hope," Tony says, trying to bring his trademark charm back to his voice.
Steve nods. "All the more reason for you to look into this. Someone is framing your church for these murders."
attracted to me."
The cell reeks of animal carcass, damp wood and terrifying unfamiliarity. Tony can hear the skittle of spiders across the walls, a welcome sound amidst the deafening silence.
Steve laughs through his nose as he sips the soup, moaning as it warms his throat.
"She was beautiful and kind.. and I was seven. Only seven and it was just us," he says, voice cracking and Tony does all but reach out to pat his shoulder.
A strange calm washes over Tony at his words. He blames it on the alcohol, but knows in his heart that it isn't the liquor that makes him do what he does next.
"And you want
Tony can't fathom what Steve must have gone through. He had to witness his mother's murder at such a tender age and be on his own from then on. Tony himself lost his mother when he was ten, but he had his coven and father to turn to. Although the loss was irreplaceable, Tony was never alone.
"Out.. side," Steven croaks, gasping as he tightens his grip on Tony's arm.
Tony doesn't think twice, all second thoughts leaving his mind at once. His coven was unlike most black witch covens. They believed in treating humans with respect, helping them in dire situations. When he had been baptized to become a witch, he had also taken an oath as a healer to always save those in need, no matter the species. Torn as he was, about helping someone who was possibly a witch hunter, he had to help him.
Tony looks up and draws close, so that his face is hovering above Steve's and runs a finger from the latter's temple, pausing for a second longer at his lips and all the way to his collarbone; mild amusement curling at the edges of his smirk.
Steve plays with it— biting and swirling, taking his sweet time to unravel Tony, much to his delight.
Tony learns, after healing Steve with a quick spell, that a part of his wound had opened up when he'd been cooking that morning. He had patched him up silently, some of the anger from last night still burning through his being.
Simple as ever, Tony's boyfriend is a dream.
"Enough foreplay,
Still, they'd never really had sex; which, admittedly, was surprising given Tony's reputation. But it wasn't like Steve was
Steve was pumping at an incredible speed now, pulling Tony higher and higher, their grunts loud and filthy. This felt better than anything Tony had ever experienced and, for the very first time, felt right. His eyes squeezed shut, feeling aware of every inch of where their skin was connected in some way.
for Tony. Tony settles on top of the cushion, wriggling his butt in Steve's face almost, lower lip tucked between his teeth seductively. Steve shoots him a glance- his eyes a dark, mesmerizing blue. He whimpers when Steve buries his fingers into his butt cheeks and pushes them further apart—
"You need to rest," he repeats, gulping, as he turns to grab some of the paste he had made before.
Despite the fact that relations between mortals (most hunters included) and witches have improved significantly over the last decade, Tony doesn't know if he should even consider helping his captor. His captor, a man of whom he knows so little.
Sarah laughs as she places the flowers into the glass vase.
"The tattoo's permanent."
Tony jolts up in his bed, as if he's been shaken awake. It is still dark outside but the first tendrils of dawn are starting to blossom across the sky.
With that promise and the image of crinkling blue eyes, Tony summons his broom and leaps into the darkness below.
The bell rings just then and Steve leaps to reach the door. Tony doesn't have to look to figure out who it is, two loud and familiar voices are enough to tell him that Sam and Bucky have arrived.
the man is a witch hunter, given the circumstances.
"What am I going to tell Dad?" he asks, voice soft.
Steve watched as Tony drew closer and stuck out his tongue— and licked a thick strip along the length. Steve twitched at that, his breath starting to get heavier and louder.
In one swift motion, Tony had pulled his pants and underwear to the ground. Not one comprehensive thought was running through Steve's head now, it was all white noise and a blur of colors. He was only aware of the dull throbbing down south and the intensity with which Tony was gazing at him. At his cock. The thought made his cock twitch a little.
"I was complaining about you," Tony says nonchalantly and Steve looks between them, eyebrows quirking.
He tried to word his thoughts carefully, afraid they might give away more than his intentions. "True.. you- you'd be safer with me."
Tony casts him a wry glance. "I know. At this rate, it will take you a millennia to recover."
"I know. But it's true. I've only ever caught a handful; some of which had nothing to do with the Church of Lilith, and some who-who-," he glances awkwardly at Tony, "-I had to torture to get information out of."
It is crazy, it is scary but it is also something that will make the two of them incredibly happy. Then wherever was the question of saying no?
Steven squeezes his arm again, his face beaded with sweat and dirt. "P-please."
Steve flinches as he rests his back against the wall. "These are the murders committed by that witch. At least, supposedly. I've looked at the bodies myself. And on all of those-," he points at the symbol drawn on his hand, "-this symbol had been left. The most recent one happened two weeks ago."
"Are you hard enough?" Tony asked and Steve, unable to find his voice, simply nodded.
Even as the questions spin in his mind, Tony knows his answer is yes. He loves Steve, there's nothing that stands bigger than that. Still..
In his desperation to help the man, Tony reaches over to the array of herbs and plants stocked up on the shelves behind him and concoct the quickest healing potion. Steven groans behind him, and Tony can almost sense that his heart is giving out. He summons whatever plants he can remember and mixes them together before rushing over to Steven.
Steve isn't a regular at The Lotus Strip Club.
"I healed you when I could have left you to die. I am now nursing you back to health, as you hold me captive, against my will. And now," he snorts, "-you want my, a witch's, help to kill another.
To infuriate him more, he has learnt next to nothing about the hunter, save for the fact that he is looking for someone. A witch. A witch that is not him.
Tony deadpans as the implication dawns on him.
"— But I couldn't. You were a hero even in my time."
"Hey," Steve greets, holding his hand out for Tony, which he gratefully accepts and climbs up the stairs— right into Steve's arms.
Murmuring ancient words under his breath, he waves his hand through the freezing air.
"I could stay and help you fight," he breathes, trying to shake off the cold feeling that's turning his stomach to concrete.
Steve pants against Tony's neck, breath— hot. He pulls out slowly, feeling the trickle of sweat down his back. It's cold and burning at the same time as he flops beside Tony on the bed, who looks a bit dazed but is smiling.
“What’s not fair?” Tony said softly.
"I've never seen you around here," Steve says, his breath get heavier with the arousal. Tony is panting slightly too, and Steve has an overwhelming urge to kiss him but alas, rules are rules.
"That is the one thing I cannot give you. I need you to help me find the murderer."
How Steven managed to walk home with his guts spilling out, Tony will never know.
"Steve I'd just like to fucking know how to giveagoddamnblowjob," he blurted, as seriously as he could.
Tony blinks at her but the answer spills out of his mouth faster than he can think. "I-I- want to build something that'll save the world. I want to always be creating, put my work to good use. I know it sounds a little over the top but.."
"That's enough, Sam. You're making Bucky redder than the steak on his plate."
Tony can still feel the ghost of Steve's lips in places that make him blush, still taste him on the tip of his tongue, still smell him in the sheets strewn around him.
you to help me."
Steve turned at this, eyebrows knitted. "You're right. I'm sorry for making this about me," he breathed in, sighing.
Tony moved forward then, never once breaking eye contact and gently wrapped his lips around the head. Steve let out a throaty whimper as Tony almost swallowed him whole, tip touching his throat. His mouth felt warm and wet around him, and Steve wondered if Tony liked what he was doing.
They sat in unbearable silence for two entire minutes. Steve was beginning to feel the sweat trickle down his back. He hated how awkward it was. Fuck it.
"Steve, you're not fully healed-"
Chopping away at the counter is undoubtedly Sarah Rogers, Steve's mother. Steve has the same striking blue eyes and the golden-blonde hair.
"If you want me to help you, we will need to go places. If I'm out, how will you ever get me to help you?" he asks, although he already knows the answer.
"Ma, this is Tony," he says, as Sarah sets the knife down and beams at him, eyes sparkling.
His skin glows a dull bronze and it definitely isn't make-up.
Tony closes the door behind him as they amble in, hands still entwined and is immediately hit with a waft of freshly baked bread and vanilla essence. It triggers something inside the back of his head; a memory whose details are fuzzy. He stops in his tracks to drink in his surroundings.
"Hey?" Steve murmurs, grasping his hand when Tony turns to leave. "Can we talk?"
This is like a dream come true. He'd pictured himself waking up next to Steve everyday, pictured coming home to him and melting in his arms after a long day. The prospect of them being together, of having a future together, is  enough to lock all anxiety away.
"Sweetheart, that's all sweet and stuff but... what if I say something incredibly stupid?" Tony whispers back, shaking his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
Without warning, Tony drew closer, planting a kiss on his cock and Steve all but jumped.
He almost gasps when Steve's fingers suddenly ghost his hole, the sensation cold yet setting off a raging wildfire inside him.
"God I-I'm sorry," Steve whispered, realising that he might've literally gone too far. He almost started to move away, but Tony only held him close by his hip and gave him a silent nod to let him know that he was okay.
"I can't hand you over," Steve says, gripping his shoulders. "I've never lied to you, Tony. I need you to believe me. I- I like you. You saved me and in spite of everything, I fell for you, as the gods would have it. I need you to trust me."
He exhales deeply and presses the the door bell, hearing the muffled sound of it ringing somewhere in the house.
Steve is huge, to say the least. Tony can feel tears brim at the corner of his eyes and for the second time today, he bites them back but this time it's because it feels so fucking good.
"Is this okay?" Tony rasped, letting his fingers rub Steve's growing length through his pants.
"This might hurt," he advises, before pressing the paste onto the wound.
"I'm sorry, is meeting your boyfriend's parent something you're just supposed to be used to?"
until it drove me mad."
"I- we- how?"
Tony hesitates as he climbs atop the bed. He could stay. He could help Steve fend off the other hunters. He could run away with him and they could start afresh.
Steve nods and Tony drops his hand.
Steve and Sam roar again, while Bucky stares at Sarah, cheeks flushing. Tony can't help but laugh either.
As if on cue, Tony picks up footsteps coming up the staircase. Steve glances at the door and then pushes him frenziedly towards the large window beside the bed.
"You should eat," Steve says, turning back to the book open before him.
Deep in their hearts, perhaps they both knew that there was something indescribable between them. Something more than raw attraction, but also
sorry I kept you against your will.
Tony blinks at him, heart beating wildly against his chest.
"You're my best friend, Steve. You're one of the few people I trust and someone who's also experienced in this matter. Besides, I don't want to talk about this with anyone else unless I know for sure myself."
"But you were gorgeous so I had a small poster of you in my room, which may have inspired a certain set of inappropriate dreams— "
"Just... seeing my symbol on you...," he said, lifting Tony's chin with a finger, "It's like you've been mine all this time... and I didn't even know." His eyes darkened at that again, and Tony felt the familiar tug in his abdomen again.
Tony doesn't say anything for a moment, only breathes heavily. Steve blurs a little out of his vision before his outline comes into focus again.
Steve's lips are on Tony's in an instant. He pushes them back into the bed and Tony sinks into the mattress, groaning at the flush contact.
"I'm new, hon'," Tony answers and lets out a whimper so soft, it makes Steve buck a little against him.
Steve tried not to look like the wind had been knocked out of his chest.
"Thought I'd lost you there, sweetheart."
Besides, Tony did want to catch the traitor. The witch had broken the very oath that made the coven different from the others and followed a path of its own. Broken the new rules that reigned over mortals and witches and encouraged them to be friends and not enemies. The high priest of their coven might not even be aware that such a thing had happened. And
He finds Steve in the library, hunched over books as usual, after he had spent the entire day avoiding the hunter. The only thing that is odd about the sight is the bottle of rum and a half full glass beside him, on the table.
Once the laughter dies down, the room falls quiet for a while as everyone loses themselves in the food. Tony's not much into eating but he knows how to enjoy a good meal, and this one in particular is.
Steve throws him an amused look, a subtle smile playing at his lips. "By all means, make yourself at home."
free from his chains. He could walk out the door right now, the very thing he has been thinking about since he got here, and never come back, never see Steve again. The thought leaves him feeling empty in a tiny part of his heart. His mind is its own master at the moment, all of his feelings and desires oozing out of his being unfiltered.
"This is so sweet of you," she says, smiling at him and Wow, Tony thinks, she's beautiful. There's something so gentle about the way she moves and holds herself. Effortlessly elegant and kind to the boot. Yeah, that is her.
And that's what Tony hates, hates that Steve is so genuine, so real. Despises the fact that a part of him trusts him, wants to help him while the other tears its hair in frustration.
Steve's touch disappears for a while then, presumably to get the lube, and Tony doesn't dare move an inch, scared that he might come untouched.
It just was; Steve was a very attractive man and even though he infuriated him in the beginning, Tony really couldn't control the several wet dreams he'd had about the soldier.
Tony is at a loss for words again. How is it that Sarah Rogers can read him like a book?
Tony's hands skimmed up his thighs then, moving to cup his balls. The action made him buck his hips into Tony's mouth, at which the latter let out a strangled noise and Steve had to force his eyes open.
"I love you," Steve says, pulling Tony close and kissing him.
Tony cocked his head, making a show of licking his lips and then said, "All of this, for
Tony hopes he isn't blushing too much and catches Steve looking at him, eyes twinkling with pride. It makes him blush even more.
Steve's teeth rake over the base of Tony's neck, and his breath hitches in anticipation. He tangles his fingers into Steve's soft, golden locks, tugging at them when his tongue moves to flick over one of his perky nipples.
"Steve?" he called. But the blond didn't reply, his fingers now caressing the dip of Tony's tailbone gently, where his gaze was also fixated.
He wanted to back away but Tony was gazing at him ever so gently, and some of the panic seemed to fizzle and die inside in his chest.
“We- I-I shouldn’t come into your mouth,” Steve said softly, and moved to sit up but Tony’s hand on his thigh stilled his movement.
Inspite of himself, Tony finds himself being impressed at how convincing and tactile Steve can be.
He hissed as Tony took his length into his hand and gave it a slight squeeze.
“It was, and the truth is, the fact we were all suffering, hunger, disease, poverty, it made us hardened and blind to the injustices going on around us, it wasn’t until something extreme happened that our eyes were opened and we all had to see and realise that what was going on wasn’t right.”
“Would you want to call him Steve?” Tony asked craning his neck so he could look to Steve, “A little Steve Junior?”
“Oh for christ sakes gag him!” The driver complained, “I don’t want to listen to that all the way to Miami.”
“Their mental abilities aside, Agent Barton, this does put us into somewhat of a difficult position.” Fury said, “The team were seen on national TV fighting together, all of you. Everyone wants to know where the Avengers are now, the WSC especially want to know. So, I have a new assignment for you both.”
Peter snickered from the back seat while Steve rolled his eyes, “It isn’t Camp Crystal Lake, Tony.” He said as he parked the car, “And this was never a summer camp and no one named Jason died here.”
“It’s very rich food though.” Bruce said, “You don’t need much, the flavours make up for the lack of mass.”
“Enjoying the show?” Steve asked running his fingers through his hair and moving the scatter pillows before getting into bed.
“And you aren’t getting any trouble from any other kids?” Steve knew that other kids often didn’t support those that told parents and teachers about bullying seeing it as “Narcing” but he hoped that Peter wasn’t suffering such ostracizing.
Tony had figured they’d rent out a cabin at a resort, where he could sleep in a proper bed, and get back to nature while still having creature comforts, like a toilet, a shower, and a proper roof over his head. But no, he was going to be doing this properly, with only a tent over his head, using boiled water to wash in, water that would have to be collected from the lake or from the bottles they’d bought, and toilet trips would have to be behind a tree or bush.
Friday had traced the call and gave them coordinates to go to, she and Rhodey were piloting the suits that were flying alongside the jet heading for Azerbaijan. Steve paced the jet, checking the time every few minutes. Every second that ticked past was a second closer to Tony giving birth.
This had pleased them both, Pietro immensely, he was satisfied now, he had gotten his pound of flesh for their parents but Wanda’s thirst for revenge was not quenched it was only increased.
An hour later found Tony and Zach sat in the porches with 800lbs of weights plus the bike, plus Steve on top of the bike being lifted by Peter while the rest of the team watched.
*****
Pepper would be acting as their guardian along with Happy when they got back to New York until Tony’s release from the hospital, Clint, Sam, and Bruce would also be heading back to New York with them, while Natasha and Thor stayed in Prague with Steve and Tony, splitting the team up wasn’t something they really wanted to do but they couldn’t be away from their base indefinitely. With one of their own down, villains would undoubtedly take advantage of the situation especially in the Avengers absence, once they knew at least some of the team was back in America they might think twice before they started causing havoc, already the Wrecking Crew had kicked off but the Fantastic Four had dealt with them easily enough, dropping them back off at the prison they’d broken out of days earlier.
“Well, you seem a lot brighter.” Steve said, throwing down his coat on the back of the plastic chair nearest the bed and sat down, “I take it you’ve worked out the designs for your suit.”
Steve looked up at Sam brokenly, “Its been eight months since Siberia Sam.” He whispered, “And nearly nine since Tony’s last heat.”
“She’s fine.” Steve assured him, bringing the baby over and very carefully lay her in Tony’s arms.
“Mamma silly, humans don’t melt.” Zach laughed, his mouth and chin were smeared in ice cream and he had a blob of whipped cream on his nose.
I had to get the Sceptre into Hydras hands somehow or there wouldn't be a Civil War rewrite as the Maximoff lunatics would never be given their powers.
“Hello Zach, I’m afraid I’m not going to be spying on anyone, but I have come to see your Mamma, and I brought these two fools with me.” She said, lifting Zach up to sit on her hip, pretending to groan under his weight, and poked him in the middle, “You’re getting to heavy for me to lift!” She said, “You’re growing huge, what are they feeding you?”
Spideyman. Spiderling. Peter was going to have a lot of nicknames and be called by them a whole lot.
“Perfectly healthy baby girl, a good weight and length.” The Doctor said as he cut the cord and wrapped the baby in a towel.”
Tony shrugged, “Me and Cap are gonna be hanging here for a few days at least, I don’t want you to be out of pocket.”
“This could be embarrassing,” Tony murmured, trying to squirm free, but Steve only held on tighter and murmured against his neck, kissing him gently. Tony’s cheeks flamed and he willed his cock not to respond, not that it listened to him, hardening anyway.
“Come on Morgan, come to Mamma, come on, you can do it!” Tony was on his knees holding out his arms to Morgan who was clutching onto the side of the couch, she’d been making abortive attempts to walk for a while and it looked like today was going to be the big day.
Between laughs Tony looked up at Steve his eyes dancing with mirth, “It’s not my fault you’ve got a possessive kink, Cap. You’ll just have to learn some self-restraint.”
“Turn it off Jarvis.” Steve said, braking contact with Peter to go and pick Zach up from the floor. The AI didn’t respond and the TV remained on, “Jarvis?” Again no response.
“How dare you, do you know who I am?” He shouted as his wrists were cuffed behind his back.
That said, Steve could see it from Tony’s perspective. Back when he had been a skinny scrawny waif that a puff of wind could knock over, he’d not been confident in his appearance. Had anyone shown an interest in him, not that they had despite Bucky’s efforts, then he would probably have felt much the same as Tony did now.
“I am afraid it has become a spectator sport since Agent Barton decided to take Dumm-E, You, and Butterfingers to the range and give them a variety of projectiles and targets, I have managed to dissuade him from giving them actual weapons but….”
“Worry about saving your own sorry ass. Rogers.” Rhodey snapped, blasting off into the air after Vision, “Because we’re not going to save you from the shit storm coming your way.”
It would all be perfect, if not for the difficulties Zach was having as a result of learning about his bastard of a Father.
“They’re just minority groups trying to cause a stir.” Rogers said, waiving, a hand dismissively.
On Christmas Eve the team gathered around the TV to watch Christmas Carol, and the Muppets Christmas Carol which had them all laughing. Before he went to bed, they helped Zach put out some mince pies and a glass of sherry for Santa, and some Carrots for the reindeer.
Once they were back at the tower Steve quickly got changed and showered, putting on sweat pants and a t-shirt and headed up to Tony’s bedroom where he found Tony waiting for him, fresh from the shower, his hair damp and swearing nothing but boxer shorts and a faded MIT t-shirt.
“Thought you’d never ask.”
Shock gasps rose from the guests at this and Rogers scoffed, “Oh don’t pretend you all wouldn’t like the chance to give him a good beating. It’s a shame Howard was such a lenient Father, if he hadn’t been so lax and had given Stark some real discipline then he might be a man now, instead of the pathetic, weak excuse he is now!” More shocked gasps followed and people actually had the audacity to ask if Rogers condoned Child Abuse, to which he rolled his eyes.
Bucky.
“Hmm.” Tony tried to sound enthusiastic even as his stomach churned. It was only with his immense stubbornness that Tony managed to eat the plateful that Steve gave him and hold it in long enough that he didn’t have to run to the bathroom before he was bringing it all back up.
Sam came into the bedroom, he stopped dead and his eyebrows shot towards his hair when he saw Tony plastered over Steve slumping quite peacefully.
“Excellent, I’d have hated to have to persuade you.” Somehow Natasha made the word Persuade sound very painful.
“You didn’t notice anything odd when you identified them?” Matt asked Tony,
“All present and accounted for, Sir, with all limbs firmly attached to their bodies.”
“That’s bullshit!” Peter shouted glancing slightly to the left as everyone, but Steve left the gym to give the family some privacy, Bruce picked up Zach and carried him out of the gym, so he wouldn’t see Tony and Peter fighting.
“I think you should stay here,” He said to Tony, “So that I…. we can take care of you.” His slip did not go unnoticed by Natasha and Sam, both of whom smirked knowingly and Steve knew he’d be in for some serious teasing soon.
The Mandarin.
While they had managed to calm Peter down, Tony was still worried and tense as he and Steve went to bed that night.
I must follow Peter Parker-Stark and Zach Stark’s orders AKA the mini Starks.
Steve swallowed hard feeling his guts twist with guilt, Natasha however raised her chin defiantly, “So, you took Stark in Siberia, and considering where he was at the time, I think it is safe to assume who took him.”
No handlers, no more chair, no more pain, no more freezing.
Tony stared at him like he’d grown a second head, Clint snorted, Natasha rolled her eyes and headed for the kitchen, and Sam cleared his throat, “I think you may be under-estimating just how crazy this is going to get, Cap.”
“Yeah, Sam, don’t call him that.” Tony said, leaning over the back of the sofa, “He’s more a Yoga Matt!” he yelped as Matt’s hand came up the back of his head with an impressive slap that had Rhodey laughed while Tony made a show of being wounded until the room service arrived, then he was all smiles and like a kid in a sweet shop waiting to get his hands on the goodies.
Natasha got down onto her knees and took Steve into her arms, pulling him into an embrace and let him cry into her shoulder, Bruce knelt besides them and rubbed Steve’s back while Sam and Clint flanked them providing a cover so Steve could have some privacy as he broke down.
“I appreciate that, Tony. But I feel I must return to the compound, if only to make my farewells.”
“I do,” Steve enthused, “He’s already told me his favourite flowers are Carnations so I know to get a bouquet of them, I also know he likes junk food, rock ‘n’ roll, heavy metal, sports cars, most genres of movies and books, so choosing a movie to take him to won’t be difficult, but I’d like to know what sort of restaurant to take him to, how fancy the date should be, if it should be suits or something more relaxed, if we should go for drinks first, or if we should go to a bar after dinner…” He gave Rhodey helpless, making the Colonel chuckle again.
“Steve,” He whispered, “They’ve found me.” Hurriedly he shoved the phone behind the Toilet bowl, leaving the connection open so Friday could trace it easier and jumped as the toilet door was kicked open.
“We should keep moving.” She said, “Play the tourists for a while and then get out of here.”
“MOM!” MJ flushed crimson at her Mother mentioning period items in front of other people.
“How is that not mean?” Tony asked, “Seriously, is there any way to tell someone that they have gained weight that isn’t going to upset them?”
“Tony we really need to get into that base.” Steve called as he fought soldiers, nearly getting knocked off his feet himself by Pietro as the pest sped through the field.
“I know.” Tony said squeezing Steve’s hand back, he took a deep breath and settled himself as Jarvis counted down until they were live.
Yeah, some mother Tony was going to be to him now, Tony thought bitterly.
He closed the storage bin and took a deep breath, jumping when Dumm-E beeped at him, “Its bedtime buddy.” He said to the bot giving him a pat, “You and your brothers go and get some rest, I’m heading for some rest myself.”
How some celebrities were straight back in the gym as soon as they’d delivered was beyond him, as much as he’d like to get back in shape and shift the Pup weight he was too exhausted to do anything but stagger around in a zombified state, not to mention that he was far too sore down there to even contemplate any form of exercise beyond his bow legged shuffling, to and from the bathroom and the kitchen to get something to eat and drink.
“Screw you Tony.” Rhodey said, “Now where the hell are you and are you okay?”
“As well as having a nutritious diet, the Avengers have a rigorous training regime, and weapons maintenance schedule.”
“Ja… oh God, Jesus Christ!”
Whenever he was struggling to get her to settle Tony would call Steve for a video chat, it gave Steve a chance to see Morgan and it helped keep Tony sane after several hours of howling. They tried to do Video calls daily or at least every other day, and the team managed to get back to the base a handful of times, Laura even brought the children to see Clint, she was still furious with him but wouldn’t deny her children the chance to see their Father.
“Bastard.” Tony snarled squirming in his sand prison, “Let me out of here, give me coffee, or I swear I will never give you any ever again.”
While not part of this discussion truly, Steve could not stand by and do nothing as Tony was attacked from all sides from these people, that were so very different from the team he’d known. He stood behind Tony, placing a large hand on his shoulder and met Rogers’ eyes over Tony’s head, silently stating that he stood with Tony and if Rogers’ were to attempt anything physical he would have to face him too.
Natasha nodded her head in agreement, “What of those without genuine reasons?”
“It was for the greater good.” Natasha said and Sam snorted,
“Well, so far he’s behaving himself, or as much as Deadpool ever behaves. He’s only had Barnes threaten to kill him twice so far, and if Bucky does actually follow through on the threat then Matt will happily defend him pro-bono.”
Guilt still ate at Peter when he went for what had become a regular sleep over at Ned’s. He hated lying to his parents, hated lying to Ned’s parents, hated lying in general. He wanted to come clean, to admit to everything, but if he did then he knew his parents would ban him from being Spiderman until he was older and he couldn’t risk that.
“You did this.” Thor accused him, his half beaten in skull decorated with chunks of his brain hanging out and dripping blood down onto his shoulders.
“If Fury doesn’t get here soon I might just have to alleviate my boredom by murdering you in the most imaginative way possible.” She sighed.
“The nuke I carried through the portal you mean?” Tony ground out, his jaw tight and eyes glassy, “And I can tell you from what I saw. That Nuke succeeded in destroying one ship. Just one, and there were many more besides it.” He looked around the table, at the Avengers, “There is no reason to think that we succeeded in achieving anything but slowing them down for a while.”
“But we also need to protect Shield.” Natasha said, “Not all of Shield or the WSC are Hydra, the families of the innocent must be protected, their details cannot become public, nor the identities of those undercover.”
“Yeah, Deadpool would probably enjoy it!”  Tony said, swiftly losing himself in the science and not surfacing until Steve came to get him for Lily’s bath time and dinner.
“No,” Steve said, “This worlds Captain America is very much heterosexual and very clear on that subject and his feelings upon it.” He did not come right out and say that Rogers was homophobic, but anyone reading between the lines could guess at what he was hinting.
The woman had run off while he was doing so, and guiltily Peter was thankful as he had no idea what he would have said to her. Thankfully it had been a night when neither MJ or Ned were listening in so they didn’t have to share the horror with Peter. It became another sickening secret he was keeping, this one keeping him awake at night, haunting him when he was trying to rest.
Rogers tried to recall her name, Laura, Lucy, Lindsey?
“Yeah.” Peter admitted, “I mean I love living with you and Zach, but… I do miss them.”
It was a thoroughly miserable time for Zach, especially when the rash truly started to come out and covered his body in itchy lumps that he desperately wanted to scratch but wasn’t allowed to.
While I do not think Stark has been abusive to these boys, he has been negligent in his responsibility to them, and I think that negligence needs to be investigated and if necessary the children should be removed to a more stable environment.” Stern declared,
“Alright then, lets get him scanned and into surgery.”
“Sit down Pete.” Steve said taking a seat on the corner suite, “Tell us what happened.”
“Stark’s really milking this, huh?” Sam said, shaking his head, “Then again, after Ultron, I suppose he needs all the good publicity he can get.”
“Ah, just call him Daredevil, or the big double D-cup like I do!” Deadpool said, trying to get into Bucky’s lap only to be shoved unceremoniously to the floor, where he actually dared to wrap himself about Bucky’s legs and hump them like a dog,
Steve worried at his bottom lip, the bite had healed already but it was still slightly sore to the touch, “What if it doesn’t work out?” He asked, “What if we end up not being able to stay friends?” That was his biggest concern. He’d found a place here, the start of a family, if he took the chance and asked Tony out and it didn’t work there was a risk he’d lose everything, he wasn’t sure he was willing to take that chance.
“You have got to be shitting me.” Sam groaned just the door was knocked,
Tony wasn’t making sense, he sounded paranoid, bordering on hysterical. Steve could guess it was from Wanda’s mind raping, but that didn’t make it any more easy to handle right now, as Tony was like a spooked horse, one wrong move and he’d bolt.
Dragging himself up from the ground, Tony kicked the boot repulsors into action and flew over to Steve, “Time to get out of here.” He croaked lifting the Captain up into the air, but before he could completely get away Bucky grabbed onto his boots and pulled him down, refusing to let go even as the repulsors burned him.
Tony covered him in calamine to take the inflammation down and soothe the itch, and bulk bought a load of oats which he made up into a bath for Zach to soak in after Jarvis told him that it helped with the itching.
“Certainly Doctor Banner.” Jarvis said, and proceeded to explain the emergency project Tony had started working on after the debacle with AIM, wanting to ensure that the team, his family, and the planet were all protected if he should die or be incapacitated indefinitely.
“He’ll be fine.” The Doctor said, “You can give him calpol to bring down his fever, I suggest getting some calamine lotion from the chemist for when the rash really starts to come out, which it soon will, and some child anti-histamines to help him sleep at night. Given a week or so he’ll be over it and the scabs from the blisters will fall off themselves, but he mustn’t pick at them.”
Whenever they published then and now pictures Steve always thought that Tony looked better now than he had back then. He was far less tense, when he smiled his eyes lit up, there was a general looseness in his posture that had never been present when he’d still been under Stane’s control.
“Jarvis, I need to know.” Steve begged.
“You can’t hide in here all day.” MJ sighed sounding disgusted, well, who could blame her, the boys toilets stank to high heaven, she didn’t even want to think about what the did in them to make them stink so much.
“Zach I am not joking, I will ground you for a month if  you don’t….don’t you cross that road, Zach I am telling you not to cross that road.”
“Can you like climb up onto the ceiling and make webs?” Ned asked, “Can you wrap things up in webs?”
“Was he married?”
That was the real cause of his anger, Tony not trusting him. After nearly two years together Steve would have thought that he had proven by now that he was in for the long haul. He’d never, to his knowledge given Tony any reason to doubt him, yet that was what the Omega did, just because he was older, had greying hair, wasn’t as lean or toned as a twenty-something. Well who the fuck cared?
The young man standing behind Rogers, paled at Tony’s words, “Planetary destruction?” he whispered, looking stricken, “There’s no one else?”
When he met Pepper’s eye, Tony read the unasked question there about his relationship with this realities Steven Rogers, whether there had been more to it than Pepper had known.
“I trust you had a good night, Sir?” Jarvis asked, as Tony hummed his way into his bedroom, positively skipping along he was so contented.
Washington DC.
“Stark Man, stop this!” Sam cried, unlike Rogers, Maximoff, and Romanoff, he was the only one not suited up, reluctant to join the fight after hearing what Tony had said, what Rogers and Romanoff had admitted to.
“I don’t know baby.” Tony said, rubbing Peter’s back, “But we’ll find out and fix it, I promise.”
“What the…ohhhh.”
“But it was evil.” Steve stressed, “Completely evil.”
“Spoil sport.”
“I was desperate.” Tony said, “I walked probably two or three miles in the snow dragging my suit behind me before I found a garage to crash in. I got in there and had just sat down when I was shot by a potato!” Silence fell before Harley shoved at Tony.
“Why are you so hard on yourself?” He asked, sitting down on the edge of the faux glass coffee table, “Why do you think that you have to be some sort of saint instead of just a normal, fallible human like the rest of us?”
Steve grinned to himself as he took the lift up the building, he supposed he shouldn’t find Tony’s whining so cute, but damn it, Tony looked so adorable when he pouted that it would be like kicking a puppy not to find it cute. Then again everything about Tony was cute, or rather it was attractive.
Steve did so and a spoon from the draw which he set on the counter besides the mugs, “Sorry.” He said rubbing the back of his head with a sheepish expression, “I’ve run out of tea and Jarvis said you had some and wouldn’t mind sharing.”
“Tony was relying on me to care for his Sons and I do this! I let Zach get kidnapped!”
“Doctor Curien I must insist….”
“Well, we figured, or rather I figured that if I am going to be moving my legs outside of the suit with the braces, why couldn’t they be made to support me outside of the suit and nullify a need for a wheelchair?”
His handler put away the device he’d been speaking into and gave him a grim smile, “Looks like plans have changed.” He said and the asset briefly wondered if he’d be put back on ice. He hoped not, he hated that. It always hurt before the unconsciousness took him, he was aware of his fingers and toes aching, his lungs burning, the sharp sting of the cold over the flesh and the sense of panic that came with being trapped. He wouldn’t fight it though, he knew better than to fight his handlers. He no longer fought the chair, no matter how much he hated it, how sick the thought of being in it made him feel, he forced himself to comply, because he had learned, as every kicked dog learns, that it was better to do as he was told, he was hurt less if he didn’t fight back.
“We need to move them.” A middle aged man with an eye patch and a heavy German accent snapped.
Steve couldn’t agree more, although part of him hoped that Natasha caught up with him first, the bastard would suffer more at her hands than the police.
“Captain America, the first Avenger.” Bruce said, “And its not about what you are, its about how you feel, and you have feelings for him, as he does for you. His children adore you, and from what I’ve seen you are smitten with them.” Steve’s cheeks pinked up but he nodded, he was smitten with Zach and Peter, who wouldn’t be? They were perfect. “So, I think the two of you should give it a go.”
“Sounds like it could be a hell of a team,” Tony said, spinning round on his chair and bumping Butterfingers who chirped at him, “Go be useful and pick stuff up,” he said to the bot, he sighed, as the ever helpful Butterfingers reached down into the bin under his desk and began to pick up the rubbish that Tony had thrown away!
At Pepper’s exasperated cry, Tony finally looked up at his CEO, “What’s up honey?” he asked,
It didn’t matter that Tony said it wasn’t his fault, that Bruce said it wasn’t his fault, or anyone saying it wasn’t his fault, Steve would always blame himself for this. For the horror that Bucky had suffered, for the lives lost, for the fact that Tony was having to compile data on his parent’s deaths and face the prospect of their bodies being exhumed for second autopsies.
Thor suddenly started laughing and Bruce made a comment about them being a time bomb, which was when they got a hit on the tesseract location. Which was right when the helicarrier was attacked and everything went to hell.
Dizziness came next, a weird lightheaded feeling, followed by a nausea and a cold chill that spread a cold sweat over his skin.
Steve swallowed hard, “You’re not,” He said, “But there is something wrong,” he pulled Tony into an embrace, pressing Tony’s head against his chest, “We’ll figure it out together, I promise.”
“Young Peter didn’t agree though.” The host said.
“God damnit!” Rhodey cried, “FRIDAY War machine armour now!”
“And what about a crazed serial killer attacking us in the night?” Steve teased with a grin as he got himself stripped down to his boxers. He already knew that if the boys started demanding anything and it wasn’t a medical emergency then Tony would send him out to deal with it.
“Dude, you just said you have an island.” Sam exclaimed.
“Clint, Peter, and Wade have turned up.”
“After three months without you in my arms can you blame me?” Steve asked lifting Tony up and supporting him while he got his cock lined up, “Promise to tell me if you feel any discomfort.” He said looking Tony in the eye to ensure that the Omega knew he was serious,
I must follow Jarvis’ orders AKA Big brother.”
Tony was thrown across the ground landing on his front with the air knocked out of him and metal, glass, and brick raining down on his body adding to his bruises. For several moments he just lay there panting and letting his hearing return before he struggled to his feet only to have a burning hand wrap about the back of his neck and he was being lifted up and thrown down onto the ground.
“Has there been any sign of the asshole?” Sam asked Jarvis who brought up different images, showing a military vehicle driving through the streets of Novi Grad. Strucker’s face could be seen in blurred detail in the back seat as the vehicle sped along.
Staying a relaxed as they could, the three of them made their way towards the exit and the agents who were trying to appear as if they weren’t searching for anyone and were just part of some beefed up security.
Burning.
“In about twenty to twenty five years you can be Fire-Cracker.” Tony said refusing to melt when Zach pouted at him.
“But would you have moved so fast, or used the Mind Stone had you not been frightened by what you saw?” Steve asked, “Would Bruce have turned into Hulk and gone on a rampage through Johannesburg had Wanda not forced the Hulk out and frightened him?” This was the best argument to make as Tony had been fierce in his defence for Bruce’s actions and his innocence in regards to Johannesburg.
“So, Stark, what do you think?” Natasha asked,
“Yes Sir.” Natasha said and Tony stage whispered,
“You’ll turn into a blueberry pancake.” Tony said, popping him back onto the stool, “And have you said thank you to Steve for cooking for you?”
Tony narrowed his eyes at the young Alpha, “Are you seriously trying to guilt trip me, really? Kid I just came close to getting curly fried by some lava chick, do you honestly think pouting at me like that is going to tug on my heart strings?”
Dimpling at Steve, Tony did so, revealing a tiny pair of booties. “Steve?” he asked holding one up.
Peter grinned he’d missed MJ’s bad attitude and Ned’s ability to always put his foot in his mouth.
“Oh shit, oh shit, shit, shit!” Peter cursed, he hurriedly broke the restraints on the tentacle guy and put his arms around him to help him sit up, grimacing as the guy puked up black goo and groaned, “C’mon man, we’ve gotta find a way out of here.” Peter urged him, trying to get him to move.
Peter laying torn open from neck to groin, his intestines spilling out as he choked on his own blood begging Tony not to let him go, telling him he didn’t want to go, but breathing out his last breath before Tony could reach him.
The middle aged man whose house he had entered startled upon seeing the asset at his kitchen table but quickly covered his surprise.
“I suspect many things, Agent Romanov, but I rarely act without evidence to support them.” Fury countered, not really answering her question at all. “As I’ve said, his blood work is being done, we’ll have more answers once it comes back.”
“You have like ten cars.” Steve protested, gesturing around the garage.
I know he seems abrasive and arrogant, I know he acts like the biggest asshole on the planet, but that is what it is, an act. He is the most generous, warm hearted, and brave man you will ever meet. When I learned that it was already too late, the bridges between us had been burned and there was nothing left but ashes.
“Whatever name you chose, you are not becoming a superhero until after college.” Tony said, “So keep that in mind, Spiderling!”
Tony’s free hand had been resting on the rail when it suddenly became red hot. He let it go with a yelp, his alarm growing as the rest of the catwalk began to glow with heat that he could feel, the soles of his shoes were beginning to melt and his skin was stinging from the intensity of the heat.
“Figures.” Tony said,
Wanda managed to convince the Captain to take them as far as Zonguldak and from there they could get a train to Istanbul where they would be certain to find a ship heading to the Med and quite possibly one going to America.
With pride swelling in his chest Steve knelt down beside Tony, gently turning him so he could see his face.
“I’m fine Mamma, honest.” Peter said, “It was about disorienting at first but now it’s awesome.”
Not two days later The Wrecking Crew decided to try and rob a bank prompting the Avengers to suit up again and go in to deal with them.
He wanted to move, was trying to move, to buck his hips and push up into the heat of Steve’s mouth, but he couldn’t, Steve was holding his hips to firmly, was keeping him pinned and making him a slave to the sensations he was allowing him. It was maddening and perfect and Tony was both desperate for release and for this to go on forever.
“Get out.” Tony hissed his breathing growing louder as his agitation grew until he was screaming, “Get out, get out, GET OUT!”
“See, even she agrees.” Tony rolled his eyes at Steve’s statement,
“Does your hand burn when you set it on fire?”
“So hiking tomorrow then?” Natasha said.
Tony swore and fumbled blindly for his phone as the lights came on in the room, “J, what the hell?”
All of the steps had been taken out and replaced with slopes, the bar now had a raised platform he could roll up onto, as did the kitchen counter.
Tomorrow it would geography, the day after that it would be literature and language, then history and then physics, and then the art. The last Steve would be teaching, he had already taught Zach how to shade with pencils but he was going to be teaching him how to use pastels.
“Because of that!” Tony exclaimed, “Because you are fucking perfect and I am a wreck. I’m emotionally and physically scarred, I’ve been sexually abused, I have a history of addictions, and I am terrible at remembering things that are important to relationships, like dates, birthdays, anniversaries. Hell I have forgotten Rhodey and Pepper’s birthdays every year! The only reason I remember Zach and Peter’s is because Jarvis, Rhodey, and Pep scream it at me.” He threw up his arms and began to pace.
“But it isn’t the same,” Tony said, his face tragic as he gazed at Steve, “I knew what I was doing, Clint didn’t, I was in control of my actions.”
With the departures looming closer, everyone was trying to make the most of the time they had with each other, especially when it came to Tony with his boys, which was what alerted Steve to there being something very wrong when Tony didn’t immediately light up when he saw them.
“Not completely no.” Tony admitted, “I’d need my lab to do that, but I should be able to get it functioning enough to contact Jarvis and offer a fair fight to Hydra.”
Natasha shrugged, “You shoot him I’ll stab him.”
“Yes Vision?”
“Peter said that you and Daddy was makin’ baby Pups while you was all hot. Will them be Bruvers or Sistas?” Zach explained. Tony’s eyes narrowed and he glared at Peter. The pre-teen was choking on laughter and stumbled towards the door with a vague excuse about needing to do some homework.
“What do we do?” He asked, turning around, “We can’t let Tony do this.”
“What did your last slave die of?” Came the snarky response.
Zach let out a gasp and both his Mamma and Daddy turned to look at him.
“And we’ll be ready for them.”
“That’s okay.” Peter said giving Tony a small smile, “You had to fight Hydra, and you won, right?”
“We’ll find him.” Bruce assured the pilot, “The twins too, we’ll find them all.”
“So I just need to wait for a life and death situation where I end up sharing a bed with her in a complete strangers house.” Peter deadpanned, and he was definitely channelling Tony with the sarcasm, little shit. Steve reached out and ruffled Peter’s hair getting batted away by the teen which made him grin.
Sam came into the common area, holding his hand up, palms facing them when he saw the armed repulsor, “I’m not gonna fight you guys,” he said, “I was just packing my shit up, I guess I’ll be heading back to DC.”
Bodies lay on the desolated ground, broken bodies, their limbs twisted the wrong way, their mouths open in silent screams and dried blood staining them as their eyes gazed accusingly at Tony, blaming him, condemning him for not saving them.
Sadly for his cock but fortunately for the public and his reputation (Such that it was) Pepper tapped him on the back, breaking the moment.
Tony sighed and took Pepper’s wrist, leading her to a corner so they could speak privately, “I’m not pregnant.” He said, “But I am trying to be.”
“You killed my Father.” Zach said, “You killed me.”
Peter puffed up with pride over this at getting such an important role in the wedding, he did however speak quietly to his Aunt Pepper about public speaking and making a speech since he was nervous about it, not least of all because his voice was starting to squeak and go deep at irregular intervals. He would be fourteen in the summer and the magic of puberty was starting to hit, he'd grown three inches already and with aches in his bones and his constant hunger it was pretty clear he would be shooting up a lot more yet.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked.
“Thank you Friend Stark, but I am content here for the time being.” Thor said, “And Master Peter has challenged me to a test of skill and intelligence this afternoon.”
The teacher laughed, “And we’ve missed you too Zach.” She said, “Now run along to class and I’ll see you later.”
“The fuck I am!” Tony replied, “We’ll let him get to his safe house then have Nat and Clint “Interview” him, after that he’s on his own.”
“I’m sorry Stellina.” He whispered to Zach as he cradled him to his chest, “I wanted to be there for you, to see you grow up into an Man. I wanted to be the Mother, my own never was.” A few tears gathered on Tony’s lashes but he refused to cry, “It won’t be easy for you, growing up without me, without your Father, although he wouldn’t have been much of a Father so I don’t think you are missing anything as far as that Asshat is concerned.
Tony almost screamed mid-sentence because Steve decided to spear in, right at the moment. Tony knew Steve was huge, but he was practically straining against him now. Tony was sure he was going to black out as bright lights swam before his eyes.
He still doesn't trust the hunter much; although with the pact, chances of him betraying him are small.
"Who's Natasha?" Sarah asks, trying to bite down the smile that is creeping up her lips as she dives into a piece of bread.
Steve froze against him at that and Tony bit his tongue. In his defense he didn't really know what he was saying because his brain wasn't cooperating at the moment. He was half sure Steve would just ask him to shut up but instead, he found himself being turned around and pushed onto his back. Nails digging into Tony's skin, Steve bent over him once again.
His last trip had been a whole month ago. He is touch-starved, to say the least.
That was the sexiest thing Steve had ever heard in all of his twenty years of life.
"You're obviously
"You're messing with my head," Tony declares, turning to look at Steve. He seems to be half drunk too, which he can tell from the half-open eyes and slur.
Tony shuts his eyes and massages the bridge of his nose.
"I'm serious," Steve murmurs after a beat of silence passes. Tony hums in question.
"Then let me go," Tony says, "- repay me by giving me what is my right."
Steve looks up from his seat at the infirmary table, "I don't think I can walk much yet."
At least, that's what he tells himself every time the guards let him through the doors and into the bedazzling lights and amidst the dancers who are in varying degrees of undress.
"Absolutely
He smells brilliant too, adding to his overall attractiveness and Steve feels himself growing hard with every movement of Tony's hips.
"I may have been alive for over seventy-five years, hunter, but I have never killed a mortal."
Tony wakes to find Steven sitting up on the bed, looking less gray than he had just a few hours ago.
"Ma, just let us," Steve says and there is no room for argument after that. Tony only watches as Bucky and Steve make her sit down onto the sofa and then go back to help Sam who was doing the dishes but not before Sarah makes them promise to spare Tony at least.
. He is truly trapped. His captor, who he just healed in an act of stupid nobility is asleep and he can do nothing except wait. He almost wants to go back to the hunter and slit his throat, even though he's never, in all of his years on the planet taken a life.
The flame cackles between them as they stare each other down, and Tony is all too aware that their breaths are not synchronous.
He bucked his hips again, as Steve picked up pace, skin hitting skin with an erotic smack that echoed through the room. Tony could feel Steve slide in and out and recalled every one of those times he'd thought of this precise moment. All of those times were nothing compared to what he was feeling right now.
"You're a noisy one," he hums, running his hands through Steve's hair and Steve almost leans into his touch, moaning.
"You're so fucking amazing," Steve breathed, finally looking down at Tony, some of him cum still glistening on those magical pink lips.
— particularly rebellious, I got that- written on my back," he finished, panting as Steve reached over to stroke his length. He felt numbingly sensitive and weird lights danced before his shut eyes but God forbid if Steve stopped.
feel.
does he want Steve to just rip him to shreds. Tony yelps in surprise when Steve teasingly slaps one cheek, before palming it again.
If his fantasies were any proof, Tony had always imagined that Steve was good but this, even though they'd barely started, exceeded all expectations.
"Gorgeous," Tony drawls, as he drops onto Steve's lap, straddling him with his knees. Steve doesn't even have a moment to process it before Tony starts grinding against him.
Glitter shimmers subtly at the corners of his light brown eyes, lined with thick, dark mascara. They almost twinkle as he spins around for Steve. His hair is a mess of dark curls, but looks sexy.
Tony decides to not say anything in answer and pulls Steve into him again, shutting off the myriad of feelings and thoughts hurtling through his brain. He hopes that his actions convey what he wants to say. That for once, he let that
They were going to have sex for the first time, Tony's fantasy was coming true and here Steve was, asking him to narrate some stupid tale.
"My f-father, h-he never shut up about you," he continued, "He thought you were one of his greatest creations and I— fuck — I wanted to hate you, Steve."
Steve laughed, the deep rumble inside his chest making Tony feel warm all over again.
"I believe you," he says after a moment, looking up at Tony.
The words settle over Tony like thick skin. He is
"Talk me through it," he said. It wasn't a question.
Steve laughs through his nose.
Tony doesn't know what to say except thank her then. He is grateful, he really is but no one, except maybe Jarvis when he was in high-school, had ever packed anything for him. It's a gesture he's long forgotten and doesn't know how to react to.
Tony's eyes flutter open as he leans against the wall, panting. Three angry red lines still run down Steve's chest but the skin has stitched itself. The hunter's passed out but is fortunately alive.
"Who is it, sweetie?" a soft voice calls from an adjacent room. A smile tugs at Steve's lips as he pulls Tony behind him, gesturing for him to come along.
An all too familiar clang shocks him out of his thoughts and he backs up against the wall feebly. By his calculations, it is almost an hour past midnight and definitely not the time for another visit from the hunter.
"I'll be making some for these three anyway, darling," she says, squeezing his shoulder. "Don't worry about it."
"Fine. I will help you," Tony says and much to his dismay, Steve purses his lips in sympathy. "As if I have another choice. But first, I want you to return all my powers. Second, I need you to make a blood pact."
"Promise me," Tony says, staring into those ocean eyes, "Promise me, that you'll stop once you've caught the killer."
Before long, Steve's shirt is on the floor. Tony can see the now dark red scars down his front and he hesitantly runs his finger over them. Steve shudders at his touch.
He's had days to prepare himself for the worst, to talk a bargain if he can. Because here, in the dusty cell, he is completely at Steven's mercy.
A light breeze swoops into the chamber, and Tony draws his robes closer around himself.
“You’re doing good,” Steve praised, trying to remember why they were doing this in the first place. He was getting close to his release, feeling the orgasm curl in the base of his abdomen.
Not a muscle on the man's face moves as he gazes at him steadily.
money," Tony replies quietly, letting his fingers trail over Steve's collarbone. His hips start to move faster, as he bends over Steve's shoulder and Steve has to grip Tony's waist to keep from grinding right back.
Steve looks down at his palms. "You keep saying that. But I'm not a hunter."
He walks into the expensive suite, all with it's own mini - bar, a lounge, a pole and other things Steve hasn't bothered to check. It's a little too gaudy for Steve's taste but it is a strip club. Flashy is what it has to be.
Tony purses his lips.
"I got it on a dare. Blame Rhodey," he confessed, half smiling. The memory was etched into his mind with incredible detail, which was surprising because they'd been so high then.
Neither said anything, as Steve cleaned himself up, the warm summer air buzzing with the unspoken between them.
Tony stares at him for a moment, as the words sink in. He can hardly believe what he's hearing, even though he'd literally just been fucked by the man.
"My...
"Who said anything about sleeping there?" Tony replies and then glances at the bed behind him. "We'll fit if I sleep on top of you."
Truth be told, Tony is terrified. He has no idea what the man's intentions are with him, there is no way he can guard himself against whatever the man has planned for him. He can't, however you, let him know that.
Sarah smiles. "You're welcome over anytime you are in the city, honey. In fact, I'll pack some for you to take along. It won't spoil."
They had planned on watching the entire movie. They really had.
"Your house is gorgeous," Tony comments as Steve flops down next to him on the couch and throws an arm across his shoulders.
Tony glances at him irritably. "And I would have to hear you grunting and
Steve wraps his arms around him eliciting a moan from him. His hands drop to Steve's shoulder, as Steve untucks his shirt out of his pants. He pulls away for a moment, hesitating as his hands ghosts the front of Steve's shirt. The latter chases after him, staring intently at the dip of lips like he wants them and Tony knows better than to push him away.
Steve blinks at him, making the tears spill faster than ever. "It was what I had planned. I would stop once I found the wretched bastard. But.. I-I promise.."
"I mean, I-," Tony began, standing up.
Tony chants spells that heal the paper cuts easily but the large gash across his front is persistent. It runs deep, cutting into his flesh and right to the bones. Two smaller, but equally deep gashes flank the larger one. Some of the torn skin hangs loosely at the edges, as more blood continues to ooze out.
"You want me to help find a witch from my coven and hand them over to you. Work with
"Change of plans. I'll have my usual, please," he tells her politely and she winks back at him.
Tony is now dressed in only black, lacy underwear that, when he bends, gives Steve the full, scenic view of Tony's absolutely perfect, bubbled ass.
"Send me the place and time," Tony says with a wink that makes Steve's heart rate spike to a one-fifty, and is gone.
be a guy you
"You healed me," Steven says raspily and moves to stand up. His wounds, although closed, must still hurt because he falls right back onto the bed with a loud groan.
"Just me and ma, when a witch murdered her right in front of me."
"Say what you will. Believe what you will. You are and will
Maybe cock-sucking came naturally to Tony, because he grasped the base of Steve’s dick and blew onto the head, hollowing his cheeks out, sucking with all his might.
"Huh?" he mumbled intelligently and Tony smiled.
His hand was now grasping the back of his neck, the other fisted into Steve's shirt. Steve let his hands slip under Tony's own, cool fingers meeting warm skin as they continued to move against each other.
"Okay, so there is a guy you have a crush on-"
Tony's eyes widen, "That's very kind of you, Mrs. Rogers but I can't-"
Steve looks at him questioningly.
After a few seconds Tony let his hand fall onto Steve's thigh, hand slowly trailing to Steve's center and his breath hitched.
Steve's mouth goes dry at the sight, as Tony slowly stands straight again and strides towards him, a seductive look on his face. He sits on top him again, throwing his hands around Steve's neck this time.
Tony is used to the darkness, but not the kind that goes on for days on end, with no relief in sight.
now?"
How cruel the ways of the universe could be.
," it whispers.
you noticed," Tony chides, his white knuckled hand grasping at the spoon handle tightly.
Steve laughs. "Is that a yes?"
"I just might be. I've been looking for the killer for so long and you're the closest I've gotten to finding them. I don't want you to work
"I think it's sweet."
Tony scans the clippings. The first of the four, Tony realises is about Steve's mother's death.
"You look fairly young. I am assuming you need the money," Steve notes as Tony pops the first button of his blue shirt, before sliding one hand inside. He takes a deep breath, feeling the adrenaline rush to his head.
He winces when the vein in his temple throbs slightly. All of the rum that he unceremoniously downed last night is finally taking affect.
For a moment, as soon as they step outside, he freezes. He feels his body buzz as the spell instantly lifts, primordial magic flowing through his veins again.
“I, Steven Grant Rogers of the Barnes' Guild, free Anthony Edward Stark, heir to the Church of Lilith from his binding," he chants quickly, eyes wide with fear.
Just when Steve starts to move against Tony too, unable to keep from the temptation, Tony jumps off of him.
Bucky had hooked him up to this place. Damn him, but after a particularly bad break-up, Bucky had suggested doing something more... bold to help him move on.
Steve doesn't hesitate for a second longer though, he pulls Tony under him, capturing his lips in his own. He kisses him until Tony has to come up for air, and then kisses him some more.
“Move more,” Steve guided, placing a head on Tony’s head and adjusting his position slightly. He began to move his hips slowly just as Tony began bobbing his head up and down his length.
He feverishly brought Tony's lips to his own again, nipping and biting at them, as the latter let out a strangled moan.
Tony feels a slight pang in his gut at his words.
"That was so long ago," Tony replied, grinding down on Steve's thigh, earning a grunt from the soldier. If he didn't have Steve inside him soon, he was going to be mad.
His mind seems to have shut down, fear seizing his body completely.
"Move in with me."
Tony has resumed his grinding, but it feels different this time; drawn out and oh-so-good. Steve moans again, trailing his hands all over Tony's front.
Steve can't help but laugh right in Tony's face.
He groans, feeling pain shoot up his back from the rough landing. Thankfully, nothing seems to be broken.
His powers still don't work; the familiar tingle in his body as he chants spells that have been engraved in his mind, is now fainter than ever. There must be some sort of spell over the cell to render him powerless, he is sure of that.
"Please, baby?"
"What about it?" the soldier replied a long moment later, opening one eye.
They chased after each other for a while then, nipping and clawing and biting until— until Tony dragged his hand down Steve's front and right over the tent that had formed in his pants.
They toppled onto each other, completely exhausted, warm and sweaty but happier than they had possibly ever been. Steve kissed Tony's neck again, his plump lips soft and sleep-inducing, as the brunet sighed contentedly into the pillow.
Tony can feel Steve's hardness press into his thigh, and god, he wants those awful tracks off of him. But Steve's busy writing love over Tony's other nipple now and there's little that is making sense to him at the moment.
his eyes seem to say. And so, Steve does.
Only when he is by the door does he turn back and give Steve a seductive look, all with a playful lip bite that sends all of Steve's blood rushing to his already erect dick.
Tony stares at the wall with dread. Four, neatly cut newspaper clippings stare back at him.
"Rhodey was so done. So he dared me, that night—"
Steve looked at him then, “Okay, you.. you were great, Tony, is that want to hear? Phenomenal. I don't know what you wanted me to teach you. You were fucking amazing and it’s-” He stopped himself, heartbeat stilling. Tony couldn't know. And yet here they were, his hand clasped in Tony's, cheeks flushed from the activity before.
"She raised two boys with straws for brains, babe. Nothing you can say could possibly make her dislike you," he assures. "Except, maybe, if you told her you hate her son."
"Can you stop moping? You're the first person I'm admitting this to," Tony said, sitting up again. He rubbed his right palm with his thumb.
," Steve said, voice softening, "anything you need. You don't have to worry."
had the witch killed an innocent mortal, anyway? What were their intentions?
Steve puts a hand on the small of Tony's back, holding the man in place as he moves against him.
"I'm going to go get some rest," he says, standing up abruptly and storming out of the room. In hindsight, it was a bad decision to have shown any sort of emotion really but Tony was crushed.
A tiny cupboard stands beside the desk, chipped away at the edges and is old, much older than Steve.
Tony lifts his head to gaze at the hunter. Icy blue eyes that seem almost green when reflecting the yellow flame, greet him.
He holds out bloody hands in answer.
"I am. Also, your mom might become my favorite person ever. She's so nice, the house is so nice... I feel like staying here forever."
He draws close then, as Steve looks on, stopping just shy of his legs.
The hunter stands up then, but not before pushing the plate towards Tony and placing the torch into one of the holders in the wall; and is gone.
Steve blushes a little, not knowing if he should voice the thoughts in his head.
Steve happened to glance down and notice that there was a slight stain there and on realising what it was, flushed a deep red.
Steve flushed, but tried to compose himself. “Not bad for your first time.”
Steve squeezed his shoulder again. "Tony, there is no judgement here. You know you can talk to me."
"Go on," Steve said, stroking him slowly and
"I don't know," Steve replies, flipping the book shut and pushing it (and the bottle) to the far corner of the table.
He pulls Steve close and kisses him, a strange fire bursting through his body at the contact. Steve, to his mild surprise doesn't pull back, instead, only slumps against him, as if all of the strings restraining him had been cut off. Tony let's his hands curl through Steve's hair, feeling the rush of blood and alcohol roar in his ears. He can taste the last of the rum on his lips and mint; freshness that sets his body humming.
, he was beautiful.
Steve watched as Tony took his head into his mouth, slowly sliding down onto his length. Steve threw his head back, overcome by the touch and the fact that it was Tony, of all the people ever, doing this to him.
He looks almost ashamed and full of regret but that doesn't douse the fire that spikes through Tony at that instant. He shouldn't have been surprised or upset to find that Steve did all of those things that hunters did.
Even though Steve would never admit it, he'd had his share of fantasies of his boyfriend going down on him.
"Stevie's told me so much about you, darling," she adds, moving to bring out a vase from a kitchen shelf and fill it with water.
Tony couldn't believe what he'd just said but there he was and there Steve was, the words hanging between them.
Steve.”
"Let's go to my room," Tony said nonchalantly, extending his hand towards him. Steve blinked up at him, not quite understanding but took it nonetheless.
Should be the biggest regret of my life."
"You should've never been a part of this," he adds, lifting Tony's chin with one finger. He looks alert all of a sudden, as if coming to a realisation. His words slur but his tone is fierce when he says, "I set you free, Tony. I am
Tony can feel the drop in temperature at the mention of Steve’s dad. He had died honorably in the war. "Steve's told me all about his childhood. He's all that he is today because of you," Tony says and means every word.
Teeth clashed against teeth as their kiss became more heated, their breathing getting hotter and heavier. Steve couldn't really breathe but he didn't care. He was floating and the feeling was too good to pass up. He squirmed a little, in a vain attempt to... adjust himself. He was definitely hard and it would become a problem if he didn't stop but Tony was being fucking incredible.
"It's okay, baby. Happens all the time," Tony said, rubbing his thighs reassuringly.
"You want freedom," Steve comments, as if reading Tony's thoughts and walks over to place the bowl into the kitchen sink.
, could he just fuck him already?
(See the end of the chapter for
He decides not to respond, burying himself deeper into the mattress. He doesn't know how long he stares out of the window sullenly, or when it is that Steve leaves but the night seems to draw on for eternity, until he finally succumbs to the exhaustion.
Steve was sort of old-fashioned, in the sense that he didn't jump Tony's bones on the very first date. Which, if Tony was being honest, had been disappointing. Especially since they had so much pent up sexual tension they could have put to good use. Tony had agreed to take things slow though, for Steve's sake.
," Tony quips after a while, looking over at Steve through hooded eyes and runs a hand through his dark hair. It sticks up in all directions, laced with sweat, but it only makes Steve want him more.
"I almost am. I'll tell them that you fled, I'll make up some excuse. I can hold them off. They cannot harm me," Steve says, handing Tony his clothes that he immediately shimmies into.
Tony doesn't know if it is the hunger that is making him see differently, but the food looks absolutely ravishing.
Tony has no choice but to turn, and removes the pillow from under him, before backing up against the headboard. Through his now hazy vision, Tony can make out Steve's cock which is leaking with pre-cum. This is better than all of his fantasies combined.
, Tony sceams inside his own head, Steve is just
Steve frowns at him, suddenly looking serious.
. You can do whatever you want. I just want to get out of here as soon as possible," he spits out, letting the anger roll of his tongue.
"Oh, you owe me so much more," Tony shoots back and Steve chuckles brazenly.
That is true.
Even as he speaks, blood pools beneath the hunter.
"Fuck," he couldn't help but swear as Tony took his length in his hand and began to stroke it.
But Tony was Tony and he distracted Steve by just existing so really, whose fault was it anyway?
Steve rubs his thumb against the palm of his hand.
Tony looked at him. "Now?"
Sarah shakes her head and gives his hand a squeeze. "Stevie's told me you're a pretty smart guy. Nothing's too big once you put your heart into it."
Steve laughs and pecks his cheek warmly.
did he ever take that oath? It had forced him to help a hunter. Satan knew his kind would hate him forever..
. He was going to
"Why am I here?" he retorts, choosing to ignore his question as always.
"You're fucking beautiful," Steve breathes, feeling hot. The tip of Tony's ears turn pink at the compliment but he quickly composes himself.
after the exhausting yet trivial fight at work.
Now, as he sat kneeling, butt-naked in Steve's dimly lit bedroom, as the latter littered his neck with hickies that he would later proudly flaunt, all his fantasies came rushing back to him.
he hates him so much. And yet, he can't help but admire the cunning Steve possesses. It is almost witch-like.
The room dissolves into laughter again. Two hours pass by as they keep sharing stories and amaze a very confused Sarah who can barely keep up with all the boys talking over each other.
"We should get to my coven as soon as possible," Tony says later that night, as he stands by the window, watching the moonlight dance on the roaring waves. He massages the palm of his hand absentmindedly. The cut on his hand from the blood pact although healed, still hurts.
Tony reddened, throwing his hands deep into his pockets. "I mean, this is the one way to find out."
"Don't get too cocky now, darling. It wasn't like I was
how to give a blowjob?"
He sat down beside him then, thighs touching. They were really going to do this.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “Not bad?
," Tony comments sarcastically.
“What’s wrong?” Tony mumbled hoarsely, hand not leaving Steve’s cock.
The door opens and Steven stumbles in; bent over and almost collapses before him. Tony blinks against the light as he leaps forward involuntarily.
"Move in with me, back at my apartment in Manhattan," Steve repeats simply.
He could always leave
Steve continued to stare at Tony like he'd grown a second head.
And then it hits him, the realisation that Steve isn't there next to him.
"Your concern for me is absolutely
Steve opens his mouth to reply but Bucky interjects.
"I never wanted to harm another person but the hatred that my guild has towards your kind...it fueled my need to find the killer," he says, and he's sobbing now; this hunk of a man who suddenly seems so small, so tiny, as he curls into himself.
Tony feels Steve smile against his skin.  "This room is too small for the two of us."
"I love you too," Tony whispers against his lips, knowing that if Steve was by his side, he could face anything.
” he said, not giving Steve any chance to speak before slamming into his lips with his own. He felt Steve slump against him, hands snaking around his waist and pulling him impossibly close. He let his mouth open up, to let Steve's tongue do its magic.
"Why?" Steven whispers, and Tony is forced to ask himself the same question.
Bucky punches Sam's arm, going red all over.
“You’re kidding?” Steve asked, expression flickering between confusion and amusement.
And yet, he can not bring himself to. Satan damn him but he can not. It isn't because Steve is just so bloody gorgeous, although he does admit he'd love to bed him if he weren't his captor. But he doesn't know what it is either.
There is no reason for Steve to have walked up all those stairs to tell Tony this, and maybe that's why, a part of him wants to forgive him. But a lot of him still hates that his freedom is just a mirage; that pretend as he much as he'd like, Steve would always be a hunter.
"I'll find you," Steve breaths, eyes glinting like wildfire and Tony nods meekly, at a loss for words.
They stared at each other for a moment. Before Steve could say anything, however, Tony hopped off his lap and the former felt his heart snap in half.
Steve was on fire. He wanted to let Tony know just how fucking brilliant he was but words left his tongue in the form of breathy whimpers.
" Tony purrs, giving his cock another stroke and Steve shudders, eyes fluttering shut.
"No more of that. I already freed you last night and...” he stops for a moment, seeming lost but shakes himself out of it seconds later.
He dismisses it quickly, before pouring himself some of the hot broth he had made.
"Satan's Horn, you scared me," he breaths, clutching the sheets to his chest but falters when he sees the look on Steve's face.
," Steve said slowly, as if still trying to process this request, "to teach
"What coven do you belong to?" he repeats.
Steve felt his chest grow warm at his words. He was his best friend. He would hate for anything to happen to Tony, he would hate it if someone took advantage of him. Just the thought of Tony being with some random asshole-
"Oh dear, welcome!" she chirps, rushing over and throwing her arms around him. Two hugs in a day. The Rogers' were really going to spoil him.
He groans softly then, pushing Steve away gently and lets the other hand trail down Steve's chest and past the elastic band of his pants, caressing the skin stretching across his pelvic bone. Steve gasps against his skin when Tony palms his hard cock, and brushes a thumb over the head.
Tony nodded, eyes round. Something about the look that Tony was giving Steve was so powerful, a strong feeling swooped through his stomach. This was a weird situation. He desperately wanted to be with Tony, so it felt wrong to agree to do this. But Tony had himself requested his help. If Tony didn’t think it was weird, what reason did he have? He couldn’t let Tony know, he couldn’t let Tony try this with someone he didn’t trust.
"How about...more of this?" Steve asks then, sinking down and kissing trails down his sternum. “And this?” He says, his tongue darting out to lick the underside on Tony’s cock and Tony just about forgets everything else.
"Okay. Yes. Let's move in together," he says, finally breaking into a smile. He genuinely grins up at him, feeling adrenaline flood inside him.
They have been through this before. Three days in a row in fact. Tony would've almost called it their little game.
"My magic doesn't work here," Tony finds himself saying, even though his obvious choice should be to rush out the dingy cell and never see it again.
There is a blinding flash as he finishes and the world comes to a stand still.
"How much to take you home, then?" Steve breathes, looking at Tony through hooded eyes. Tony stops his movements, gasping at him in surprise and turns red.
"I don't know for sure yet, Steve," he huffed, glancing over at Steve who looked as confused as ever.
"You don't need to. I know you're not looking for me."
"The other hunters... they are here. They know about you," Steve says, a frantic look in his eyes.
“I like
Dejected, Tony had set up camp in the infirmary and fallen asleep by the table.
"I haven't told you who I am looking for, yet."
"Wow um," Steve said, composing himself because Tony looked like he would bolt. "Okay."
One final thrust hits Tony's prostate just right and he comes; his entire body trembling from the climax. A scream, Tony later realised was his own, echoes through the room and his eyes flutter shut, hips still rocking where they join Steve's. He is aware of the way their sweat sheathed skin is pressed against each other and the way Steve's gentle kisses are slowly bringing him back from limbo.
Tony’s hair was disheveled, eyes brown and blown, Steve’s tip cushioned between his bright red lips. Steve‘s breath was knocked out of his lungs. If he wasn’t as experienced, he might have come at the sight.
A large cut runs across Steven's front, extending from his left shoulder to the middle of his belly. His torn shirt clings on to his sweat covered torso as he heaves, struggling to breathe.
Before long, Steve was close to his climax again. Tony moved faster then, as Steve bucked up into his mouth and hit the back of his throat. Tony whimpered but Steve couldn’t apologise as his orgasm rocked through him just then. He saw starburst behind his eyes and moaned Tony’s name as he came into his best friend’s mouth.
, Steve," he groaned, eyes fluttering shut.
Tony nodded sheepishly. "Right."
"Wait until you're all up in Natasha's face in the back of some classroom. Then we'll talk," Sam interjects and Steve and Tony burst into laughter, knowing all too well what he means.
better-"
"Steve, this is—" Tony can hardly breathe, feeling a surge of love for Steve but also a wave of uncontrollable nausea "—this is huge."
Steve sighs. He grabs the smallest apple he finds. “This better not kill me. I need to beat Stark at the Grand Prix Finals before I go.”
Stark snickers, “Enjoy it while it lasts.”
Howard looks behind him and he frowns. “Anthony, what are you doing?” Then to Steve, he says, “I’m so sorry for my son.”
“I haven’t seen you since you’ve been on the podium. What happened, boy?”
Steve feels heat rush up to his cheeks. Steve frowns and stands up, plate in hand. He tries to ignore the crowd staring into his back. Stark on the other hand, didn’t care about propriety when he was sober and probably cares even less now he’s drunk.
One of the reasons why Steve likes international competitions, is there aren't a dozen reporters and camera crews following him around. He’s able to walk freely without having a hood up and a pair of shades on. It’s honestly freeing.
He’s taking a drink of water when he hears footsteps in the hallway. Steve suppresses a groan because those bouncy steps can only mean one person.
“Okay, but you have to admit it’s brilliant. Steve didn’t see it coming even though it was right in his nose.” Clint says, facing Peggy.
Steve stares at him incredulously. The last time Steve tried something made by Clint, he ended up spending the rest of the day with his face in the toilet. “Thanks but I..I’m good, Clint.”
“Don’t want to be friends?” Stark asks.
Steve rubs his temple. “Is Howard okay? Stark’s a handful to deal with. He’d give Coulson an aneurysm if he was one of his skaters.”
“They’re gluten free caramel candy apples. Gluten free. Cruelty free. No apples were harmed in the process. Yada yada. Made just for you Steven! Won’t mess up your stupid diet, or what not.” Clint pouts and it’s not attractive at all. “Peggy can vouch for them!”
To that, Steve begs to differ. He thinks neon pink hair suited Clint. Especially when he skated with Nat at the Nutcracker show in Brooklyn week following in front of a packed arena. Steve saw it twice—Clint as a genderbent sugar plum fairy was a sight that couldn’t be missed.
A week past the whole fiasco that was worlds, Steve is back to training. He adopts again his routine of waking up at five every morning and even though it was hell in day one because of jet lag, it’s worth it. Steve gets a solid half hour in the gym without anyone disturbing him to do off ice work.
March 24th
“Anthony, you should not have gone away without telling me.” Howard whispers once they’re out of earshot. “You keep doing these stupid things, that’s why you never come out on top.”
“Okay, okay,” Clint claps his hands loudly, the sound resonating in the empty room, “Everyone, we’re starting from the top, get in position. The rebellion is underway. No longer will I take such blasphemy. Nat had it coming for her after what happened last year.”
“Well, you sure act like it,”
“Good morning,” Steve says, “You look...tired.”
Steve looks over to Peggy, but god, when they meet eyes, Peggy starts to laugh again. She vaguely gestures to the opposite side of the room.
Natasha looks at him, unconvinced, and sighs. “I hope you’re right.”
“Don’t ‘Stevie’ me after all you’ve done.” Steve says, huffing, “And give me my water, Pegs.”
It doesn’t change the fact that when he sees Howard’s face Tony’s body jolts into clarity and breaks out in cold sweat. Tony’s vision is blurry in the edges, making it hard to tell which way of the room is Away-From-Howard.
“It’s been too long, Steven,” The older man says, “I haven’t had the chance to congratulate you for the win.”
It’s hard to think of him as the same man who stood beside Steve on the podium a day ago, smirking like Steve missed some grand joke he shared with the rest of the world.
Thankfully Steve finds one before he vomits all over himself, but even afterwards, his tongue stings and he still tastes it. He makes his way across the room with a scowl fixed on his face.
Steve sighs, and starts for the refreshments table again, avoiding anyone that’s close to a familiar face. He’s gotten away scot free, is what he thinks when he goes to cut himself another piece of a strangely blue cake.
“Edward.” Tony corrected, “My middle name is Edward.”
Genius, Billionaire, ex-Playboy (He was a one super soldier Man these days) Philanthropist. Junk food addict, caffeine addict, workaholic, and possessor of the best ass in America if not the world (Okay he might be exaggerating there.) He also had the best boyfriend in the whole world, who somehow managed to put up with all of his bullshit, and had sweettalked his AI and Bots into allowing him to kidnap Tony from the workshop and carry him to bed when he felt he’d been away for too long.
He also, seemed more human, in a way. Less artificial than Rogers did. Maybe it was because of what could be considered his imperfections. The facial lines and the grey in his hair, he looked less like a plastic action figure, and more like a warrior who has seen battle and lived in the real world.
“Hey, I’m a genius, nothing I do is stupid!” Tony protested, making Rhodey scoff and roll his eyes as he began to put distance between himself and the others, something that Wanda immediately noticed.
“Aristocats and kittens.” Tony said, settling in, “The perfect way to spend a day.”
“We have no idea where to start looking for him.” Maria said, “Hydra have likely gotten him hidden somewhere and will only send him back out when they have a use for him.”
The meeting ended with Zach running back in with a new picture, this one of a grey lump with what looked to be bunny ears on the shoulders that he declared to be War Machine.
Tony wanted to believe that, he wanted to grasp hold of that hope that these nightmares could be gotten rid of and he would never again see his children and his family die in front of him declaring it all his fault ever again. But he couldn’t quite let himself believe it could be that easy, neither was he that happy about something else,
Cute details that were becoming more apparent every day and showed that Tony really needed to get laid. When he found himself wondering what it would be like to run his hands down Steve’s muscled back or to nibble on the chiselled jaw he knew he was letting this “Thing” go too far.
The drug Tony is taking doesn't actually exist and neither does the clinic he is using. At least I don't think it does, if there is a clinic by that name then it's a coinsidence.
“Takes one to know one Stark.” Fury shot back and Natasha cleared her throat.
Tony flinched, “He doesn’t know.” He whispered hoping for a second that Pepper wouldn’t hear that. But only for a second.
“By epic he means trawling ever lap dancing and strip club in New York.” Natasha said, “And his speeches will involve him bribing everyone else to write something for him to pretend to have written himself.”
“And what about New York, what about the Avengers?” Steve challenged, “If you had walked away we’d never have met and that Nuke would have destroyed New York and irradiated half of the eastern sea board.” Gently he reached out and took Tony’s hands, covering them with his own and gently squeezed them. “I know there have been harsh consequences for you becoming Iron Man, but I like to think that the benefits outweigh them.”
By the time the four of them got back to camp one of the tents was erected and the second tent was underway, with Natasha and Clint now lending a hand. The two had finally deigned to assist when it became clear that if they didn’t Tony, Steve, Zach, and Peter would be sleeping under the stars.
This Tony was petit, about Five ft Nine inches by Steve’s reckoning, his arms and shoulders were firm with muscle, but he was skinnier than Steve’s Tony had been, too skinny, by the way his jeans and vest were hanging off his shoulders and hips, he’d lost weight recently, leaving him bordering on being gaunt.
“But what about my room in Malibu, all the money you’ve spent on it?” Tony shrugged,
“What happened?” He asked, trying to wet his lips but his tongue was dry until Bruce moved a cup with a straw to his lips and he was able to drink down water.
Chocking back sobs Zach struggled back to his feet and made himself run for the storage bins, only to find himself running straight into the legs of the man who’d met them at this factory.
“Room service time.” He said, “What do you fancy?” Bucky shrugged,
“I said it must be confusing for you, being here in the twenty-first century when so much of the world has changed, society especially.” The woman repeated, she gave a faint tinny laugh, “Why, to think I had only just been born when you went into the ice. Not that you’d know it, looking at me of course.”
Natasha took her phone from her belt and scowled, “I can’t get a signal, whoever sent those drones has blacked out the whole area I’ll bet.”
“Steve just kissed me.” Tony said to himself. “He kissed me, held me in his arms after I puked,” he looked down at himself, his nose wrinkling, “And I have puke on myself, yet he hugged me!”
Tony grit his teeth and groaned, Zach was becoming much to good at making arguments like this to try and get his own way, and the worst part was that he knew exactly how to make himself look innocent and adorable while doing it which meant that it pulled on Tony’s heart strings when he had to stand firm and say no.
“I did not come here to debate you…”
“Because I’m so skinny, tall, and wear glasses?” Tony asked sarcastically,
*****
Bucky wasn’t particularly chatty and after asking him if he wanted to use the hotel gym or swimming pool, both of which got a head shake, Sam decided to put another movie on. He stuck to Disney since Bucky had seemed to enjoy the simple happy endings to the cartoon adventures and settled in to watch The Little Mermaid while Matt got on with some work via his laptop, (Which Bucky was curious to find had brail keys and a vocal interface designed specifically for those with only partial or no sight)
For the second time today Tony glares at him. "I never said I need your help."
Because Tony is afraid – afraid of this place, and their marriage, and Steve himself – and yet.
"You know," Steve says a while later, "just because you write a letter doesn't mean you have to send it."
"Good idea," says Tony, and away they go.
don't know what his options used to be. You must be clearer than that, Steve."
Sam gives him a supremely unimpressed look the way only Sam can.
What's wrong with me? I shouldn't be upset in the first place, since I know it'll hurt, but to not even kiss me? Am I that repulsive? What is it about me that disgusts you so? I can't tell because you never act like you're repulsed by anything about me. Do you think I'm used goods? Is that it? Two other alphas wanted to marry me, Steve, but I swear neither of them ever had me. I have to tell you that. How can I tell you that? How can I make you believe me? Why do I
Steve, I read your letter. It was ridiculous. Why would you write something like that, Steve? What are you trying to do to me?
Clint gulps visibly.
Steve spends the rest of the night alone and he ends up helping Fury drag Coulson back to his hotel room.
“You’ve any water? Fountain’s broken upstairs.” Peggy sighs.
Steve shrugs. “Stark’s in the news all the time. It’s just never been relevant.”
Steve looks it over. Surprisingly, he’s impressed. The apples are covered with chocolate and drizzled with caramel. It actually looks edible. Steve takes a large bite of the caramel covered apple...and it’s a fucking onion. The sharp taste fills his mouth in seconds. Well fuck. Crucify him for ever thinking Clint was capable of having good intentions.
Steve smiles in return and reaches a hand out. “Thank you. I’ve still got a lot to improve.”
“You did well, that considered,”
“Try over there Steve.” Peggy says.
Tipping his head back, Steve finishes the glass and sets it down on the table beside him, next to a few others, clinking. Steve doesn’t even feel tipsy. The only time he got piss drunk was when he and Bucky had that contest a few years back because both of them were too stubborn to give up. Natasha found them the next day, hungover for the first time and physically dragged them home from the locker room.
The rest of the trip up the elevator and into their room is silent. Tony braces himself for what’s to come. Howard’s breath is hot with the stink of beer. The belt, he guesses. If he’s lucky, maybe Howard will pass out before then.
Steve wishes he could be anywhere but here. But he stays and waits it out. All in the name of publicity. The last thing he needs is another rant from Fury and Coulson.
/ / /
Steve glares at both of them and makes sure he sits five feet away. He’d stick his tongue out but it would make him look like a dog. So he sits there, suffering as his tongue perishes in flames. He broods.
“You’re gonna drink yourself blind at this rate. The last thing I want for tonight is to manhandle you up eighteen floors.”
Steve, along with Bucky, Natasha, Clint, Fury and Coulson make their way to the airport together, without any cameras flashing into their eyes. They go through security, and then they split, everyone heading to the east wing, and Steve the opposite way.
Schrodinger’s Howard. Tony will never know who he is until it’s too late.
“Oh no,” Peggy says, “I think it’s just you.”
Nat’s head snaps towards him in surprise before looking back. “Stark is up.”
Steve takes a step, testing his ankle, and when a dull pain shoots up his leg, he decides that he’s done for the day. Working with a bad ankle does more harm than good. Steve gets off of his butt and glides over to the exit. He goes over to the bench where he left his skate guards and puts them on.
“Right.”
“Glad to hear that, Tony,”
“No idea. Frankly, I’m more worried about Stark’s next season.”
Stark grins in surprise and he looks so happy that Steve almost forgives him for making a fool of him in public (keyword being almost).  Stark takes a fork and digs in, not quite going away like Steve hoped.
"Yes, yes to all of that, I am - I am very in favor of that."
Instead Steve tries to dispel whatever worries Tony might still be harboring. "You don't ever have to cook if you don't want to," he says. "Nor clean nor work outside, neither. If there's anything you want to do but don't know how I can teach you, or someone else can teach us both."
, it's also likely Tony meant he'd start trying to learn how to cook in the first place.
He smiles at Steve, though. He thanks Steve when Steve brings him a drink or a plate, he draws Steve into the conversation even when Steve would normally be content to stay silent and watchful on the outskirts, he catches Steve's eye through the crowd and grins at him like they're sharing a joke, he gets loudly offended at Darcy for impugning his honor and demands Steve protect him, and he laughs and leans back when Steve playfully wraps an arm around his waist and mock-glares at Darcy.
Right. That's right. Tony's afraid of something. Afraid of Steve? Gods he hopes not, but it's beginning to look that way.
"Steve," Natasha says from behind him. He turns and she looks pensive, searching for something in his face that Steve doesn't understand. He waits, though, despite how the need to get to Tony is like prickles beneath his skin, because it's
Tony's still smiling, but he looks confused. "But I thought," and he doesn't finish.
"Steve!" Tony cries.
But it is not until this moment that Steve begins to understand the danger Tony was in and exactly how trapped he was.
"All - All right," Steve says, unable to draw breath or take his eyes off Tony's smile.
Tony smiles at him and says, "We should get you home and fed before you start gnawing on the leaves, too."
Steve's unsure of a lot of things, and he feels bad about a lot more, but the reality of his life is that Tony is here and in his arms, and Steve can hold on to him to steady himself and work his way from there.
Tony flashes him a smile, then looks down at his feet. Steve's at a loss. "Do you want something to eat?" Steve asks. Maybe Tony's finally hungry.
He hesitates and Tony nudges him with his elbow. "Really? You don't want an excuse to hold my hand and put your arm around me?"
it to you."
"You're not listening," she says. "What if he got information from someone who didn't know what they were talking about, so he
"Everyone kept talking about which of them I would chose," Tony says softly, "but no one recognized that if all I could chose was one of them or the other, that was no choice at all. No one asked me what I actually wanted."
There's something resting atop Steve's arm that feels like a pillow. Tony's hand is resting on his head, and every now and again he'l. absently stroke his fingers through Steve's hair.
"Yeah," Steve says, not able to take his eyes off Tony on the other side of the yard and sure he's grinning like a loon.
"Steve," Tony says. Steve stops and turns to face him fully, but doesn't come any closer. Tony fidgets for what feels like ages, darting glances at Steve's face and then away, before he finally says, "Maybe, um, maybe we could eat dinner together downstairs? Um?"
"Steve," he says slowly, "I'm jumping at shadows. What about that says 'bravery' to you?"
When Thor pronounces them wedded husbands they smile widely at each other, but it doesn't occur to Steve to kiss him. Nothing could be more satisfying than the look in Tony's deep brown eyes, the gentle upward curve of his lips.
"Oh," says Tony.
"Oh," says Steve. "Hi, Sam."
Rather than break the tension, though, this response merely ratchets the tension higher: Mr Jarvis's smile is so cold even Steve can tell it's not just a cultural difference, and his voice is icy enough to make even the bright mountain sun dim.
Tony flees into his room and closes the door, and Steve just stands there grinning like a dope with his fingers pressed against his warm, warm lips.
to want to be here. It's something that can't be forced. It's something that won't count if Tony doesn't have any other option. So Steve's going to give him that, though he might break his own heart in the process. He looks at Tony and wonders if he's just said that words that will ensure he never has the opportunity to look at him again.
Don't let the moon break your heart
"You can still be a hermit and live in the midst of a lot of other people," Bruce says.
He still daydreams about Tony, of course, but now the images getting him through the mud of the road and the water cascading off the trees are thoughts of Tony warm and snug in his bed. Steve can't wait to get inside and out of the rain, and dry off, and get something cold to eat and hot to drink and he really can't wait for the moment when he goes upstairs to bed, and he can stand for one moment outside Tony's door knowing Tony's safe and dry and
Finally, when night has truly fallen and Steve's worried that at any moment Tony will get up and go inside and he'll lose his chance to say anything to him while they're alone, Steve says, "Tony," very softly, and then stops.
"Of course," Steve says. "Tony. You were surrounded by people who didn't even think of you as a person and who acted like they completely controlled you. And not only did you not believe them, you also kept yourself safe for a long time and got away from all of them, despite knowing what might have happened if they caught you. Not only that, but you went to the other side of the country, where you don't know anyone, and the next day you married yet another alpha very nearly sight unseen. So yes, Tony, I think you're very brave."
This one is wrinkled; balled up and then smoothed out, probably.
"Early," Steve says, and laughs quietly when Tony makes an indignant noise and shuffles around, wrapping himself more firmly in the blankets and burrowing beneath the pillows to keep out the light.
Steve has no idea how this story ends. He knows where Tony ends up, but he doesn't know
"Mister Rogers," Mr Jarvis says right behind him, and Steve turns in surprise. Mr Jarvis is looking at him seriously, and after a moment he holds out his hand.
"All right," Steve says, trying to draw Tony out of his sad silence as they exit the post office, "we can go to the store, or the saloon, and we ought to call on Frigga while we're here. But we don't
But why?
This is wonderful right up until it isn't; after dinner (which Tony will never admit to anyone he spends sitting in Steve's lap, the pair of them feeding each other off a single plate and kissing even when they both taste like cornbread) it hits Tony square in the chest that he wants to tell Jarvis and Ana. Not details, of course, but whether or not he ever said it aloud they know what Tony's deepest fear was, and he wants to tell them he's all right. That he's going to
Steve nudges forward and laps gently at his slick opening again and Tony flops back on the bed, panting like he's run a mile. His thighs flop off Steve's shoulders, baring his red, swollen cock and opening to Steve's mouth.
Steve's hope that the next day would be easier is quickly dashed. If anything, over the next few days things carry on and just keep getting worse. Tony doesn't talk much. Tony doesn't do much of anything, really. Which would be fine, Steve wants Tony to not do anything if he doesn't want to, but this isn't the same. This isn't Tony doing what he wants to do, this is Tony... unsure of what to do. There are things he wants to do, Steve can tell, but damned if he can tell what they are. Or figure why Tony doesn't just
, Tony. You started writing to me, and suddenly it
"I'm always serious."
I'm in love with you, Steve.
"They're adults," Steve says. "The only people who kept them there were themselves, and the people making them miserable weren't you."
Steve wakes with a start. It feels like no time has passed at all and he doesn't remember falling asleep. He must've slept, though: the room is barely grey around him, the way it looks every morning just before sunup. He's lying on his side with his arm around Tony, gently holding him tucked safe to his chest.
Tony knits his brow, eyes going unfocused. "I guess," he says.
Steve, your letter was an utter failure. You said you wanted to explain things, to tell me things, so that I would understand everything, and instead I understand less than I did before.
Into the silence Steve says, "The first time I ever saw you," but no, that's not quite right. Tony shifts a bit and Steve knows he's listening, but he doesn't jump in.
"No," Steve says, "I wouldn't."
This happened five or six times before I finally learned to just stop having friends over. The only two people who kept talking to me were Rhodey and Nebula. Neither of them believed him. At least, neither of them believed that the things he said were as
"Oh," says Steve, unsure of what to say to that.
I'll love you no matter what will be a comfort. Whether you ever chose to tell me or not, I hope you're secure in the knowledge that you
. I had a hatbox, just a tiny one, that I managed to keep secret from the time I was four till I was nearly seventeen. I knew every
as though we'd met and begun courting the usual way. I didn't ask you to marry me because I wanted a companion or a partner, someone to talk to and to feed the chickens when I'm away from home. I asked you to marry me because I wanted to marry you.
Steve laughs. "Whaddaya mean
"Tony, breathe," Steve says. "Sweetheart, it's all right, I'm right here."
It takes less time this time for Tony to realize he's serious. A smile – that looks far too little like humor or joy and far too much like relief – steals across Tony's face.
"That's not what I meant." Steve can hear the smile in Tony's voice. "I was in a bad situation, but Ana knew what could happen when Jarvis refused to believe it. Eventually someone was going to just drag me in front of a priest with one of them, and everyone would say we were married whether or not I said I do. Didn't even matter who it was who made me, if it was Ty or Zeke or one of our fathers, wouldn't have made a difference to the outcome. At some point someone was going to get sick of me actually trying to control my own life and they'd just
and Steve's overwhelmed by the
"Understood, sir," he says. Mr Jarvis nods sharply and goes back to his coffee like the whole thing never happened. Steve can't just leave him to think that his threats were needed, though. Can't let him watch Steve marry Tony without knowing that Tony's going to be safe. "If I may, though," Steve continues doggedly, "you don't need to worry. I'll - I know Tony and I haven't known each other that long, but please believe me when I say there is nothing in this world more important to me than Tony's safety and happiness. I'm going to do my best to make sure he has both."
Night before last I re-read all of your letters, Tony. I know it sounds foolish but I miss you. I miss writing to you, and I miss getting your letters. I've been at loose ends for the past few days, because I keep wanting to write to you about this huge, amazing thing that happened to me, except then I remember that I don't got to write to tell you about it because you were there. You were
. Even in the midst of the deluge the thought makes him almost smile with borrowed warmth, and he knows that'll be enough for him. More than enough.
"But that's – Steve!" Tony cries, gripping the edge of the table to keep it in place when Steve begins to move it. "I
hand and to be held in your arms? Did you ever think about that, huh?"
Gradually he loses his sight until he can't see at all, knows he can't see anything but can't stop thinking of the terrible images of Bucky drowning and Tony falling and all the rest. He still feels sick like he's on a ship in a storm or on a train on a bridge or falling, but he's not falling anymore. He's lying down, flat on his back, frozen in ice. He can't move. He can't move.
"I'll cook," Steve says immediately. "Day after tomorrow, perhaps?"
He puts the glasses down but immediately goes back to the counter, saying something to Sif about needing food, too, and Steve ducks his head and says quietly, "What do you want to do? Do you want to go?"
get the day wrong and poor Tony's been waiting here since the last train for his erstwhile, useless alpha? Which would mean that Tony's been here
Steve shrugs as best he's able. "I'm - It feels good, right? I'm, I'm glad that when you were - where you were before - you were still able to feel good. And I'm glad that you can, can make yourself feel good whenever you want. I want to - I
Well, the real question is whether she's been able to play this whole time and kept it a secret for some esoteric, unknowable reason, or if she learned recently specifically for tonight. He wouldn't put either past her.
"I – I – I –" Steve splutters.
The next is on the cheap paper, and Steve's written enough letters in near-darkness with shaking hands to recognize the changes in Tony's writing when he sees them:
"Makes me feel like a kid again," Steve says, needing some kind of distraction from how empty his arms feel. "Sleeping in front of the fire like this."
Sam pulls a letter out of his vest pocket.
You're a good man, Steve. And a good husband. I don't know why you doubt either of those things sometimes, but from now on I want you to remember this letter whenever the doubts creep in.
"I thought -" Tony says, and tangled tight together as they are Steve can feel it when his heartbeakt kicks up, his body tensing, his breath speeding. "They told me - They told me -"
They look at each other wide-eyed. Steve hadn't meant to say that last part, and by the look on Tony's face he hadn't meant to ask that, either.
"Of course," Tony says. He flicks a glance at Steve and his eyes are bright – he definitely knows Steve's just making up excuses to keep Tony in the barn with him while he puts away the dogcart and takes care of Star, but he doesn't call Steve on it.
So Steve moves about the first floor making sure everything's locked up tight, and banking the fire, and doing all the other little things that need to be done before he can go up to bed, and Tony just stands there in front of the armchair. Steve passes him and thinks Tony's trembling but he isn't sure, and he wants to touch him, somehow, help him if it's because he's tired or comfort him if it's not, but Steve's already given so much of himself away and is realizing he doesn't know where anything he gave away went, so he clenches his fists and can't bring himself to let their fingers brush when he hands Tony one of the two lit lamps.
"Nothing's wrong with you," Steve says. Tony fists his hands in his hair, his face tipped back and eyes squeezed shut like he's trying to block out whatever's in his head. "You get used to things, no matter what they are. No matter how awful they are," says Steve, remembering when he first came to Big Eden himself after leaving the Army, "you adapt and get used to it. And when you go somewhere completely new it's like every single thing reminds you that you're somewhere else. Everything from the big, obvious things like the people and the buildings, right down to the tiny things you don't even notice, like the feel of the floor and the color of the light."
Steve mouths down his chest firmly, not letting himself put his mouth on Tony's nipples because he's pretty sure they'd both come just from that and he does want this to be a bit better for Tony. He remembers being young and how fast he'd come, and realizes how fast they're both likely to come this time, so his goal is
No. Absolutely not. What if Steve has another nightmare? It's bad enough he has them at all, but if he's anywhere other than right beside Tony and Tony can't comfort him - that is not acceptable. "You don't have to do that."
in the first place. And I. I needed to know if that was how you thought of me, too."
Clint's party isn't nearly so bad as Steve thinks it's going to be. He didn't invite the whole town like Steve assumed he would, only their good friends, and most of them are people Tony's met already.
. Tony sounds relaxed, happy even, and over the last few weeks Steve's been getting the feeling that Tony's beginning to trust him more, and Steve is going to pay attention to what Tony's saying and not interrupt what sounds like catharsis.
He pulls his pillow over to his side and lies down. Before he stops moving Tony raises the covers and climbs in beside him, putting down his pillow and lying down.
"It was the only way out," Tony says, and Steve is
words. So why? Is it because now you know how weak and pathetic I am? Is it because I'm not what you were expecting? Am I that ugly? Is that what it is? I'm your FUCKING HUSBAND, STEVE, FUCKING FUCK ME ALREADY.
Steve follows instinctively as Tony pulls him - not even in a circle, but a continuous half-step to the side so that they're gently spinning in place. Even just doing that Steve keeps looking at his feet, genuinely worried that if he steps on Tony's toes he might break them.
And then. Steve sees. This omega. Who is just. The single most beautiful person Steve has ever, ever seen.
"Thought what?"
"I am, though," Steve protests, "I'm trying so hard to understand –"
Trying not to look too eager or sick with nerves, Steve turns to Tony and ducks his head and ventures, "I'm going to go sit on the porch for a bit, if, if perhaps you'd like to join me?"
," Tony says into Steve's shirt, so Steve does.
So they go and sit outside and Steve wouldn't be able to draw right now if his life depended on it - he'd either sit staring at the blank page and panicking, or he'd get feverish and frantic trying to capture every line and curve and angle of the one and only thing he'd want to draw. The only thing he's wanted to draw for months, now, and never had the chance.
him –
"Come on, you, before you catch something awful and die." Tony takes the hat and boots from him, then holds out a hand to help Steve into the tub. The only reason Steve takes it is for the excuse to touch him, but it's a good thing he does since the world tips alarmingly when he lifts his foot to step over the edge.
Tony stares at him for so long Steve's back starts to hurt from being held at this angle for so long. He doesn't move, though. Tony searches his face for ages, and then gives him a quick but obviously thorough once-over from head to foot.
When he turns around, both Tony and Mr Jarvis are staring at him. He smiles, trying desperately not to look smug.
Tony's looking straight forward across the street, and he takes a breath and squares his shoulders, sticking his chin out defiantly. It breaks Steve's heart all over to see him putting on a brave face even in front of him.
"I feel greedy even asking, but there's just one more thing that could make this any better," Steve says. Tony whips around towards him, apprehensive again.
He huffs a laugh, though he still doesn't look at Steve. "No, I just – no. I, ah, I thought – that is, I mean..." he trails off and huffs again, running a hand through his hair. "Would you, would you mind if I stayed down here tonight, too? Not, not
A week after the rains let up Steve and Tony drive into town. Steve returned the buggy he'd borrowed from Clint weeks ago, so this time they go in the much more – ah, rural – two-wheeled dogcart Steve usually uses. Tony doesn't seem to mind in the slightest, looking up at the trees and down the mountain as they go, exclaiming over everything he sees. It's a good thing Star's such a steady creature and knows the way already, since Steve barely pays attention to driving, instead staring besottedly at Tony as he appears to try to keep himself from bouncing and chattering in excitement.
"Because I care about you," Steve says. "Because – Because seeing you happy will make me happy, too."
"How on earth are you glad?"
"It was real -"
"Yes," Steve says, and he didn't mean to interrupt but Tony stops walking and looks at him like he's desperate for
"Well, all right, so you made an excellent point," Tony says so quickly it's like he thinks he's got to say a hundred words in half as many seconds, "a truly excellent point that I don't know what
No. What I said before isn't a wish. I'm asking you, Steve: please tell me what happened. I know you don't want to, and I understand that, I swear I do, but I can fix this, Steve. I can fix it, but I need to know what it is I'm fixing in the first place.
Then, she walks over to the ice and skates away to Clint and Bucky to work on choreography.
A second later, Peggy pushes the doors open and carelessly goes to sit across from Steve. It’s the men’s locker room but it’s too early for anyone to give a fuck. Besides, Peggy doesn’t care. Peggy’s hair is uncharacteristically mussed, with strands falling out of the updo. She isn’t wearing any make up.
“Beats me.”
Steve snorts. “What’s up with the tray, Clint?”
March 21st
“Drank it. Go downstairs, Steven. The fountain here’s broken.” Peggy answers, sounding too smug for Steve’s liking.
With nothing to do, Steve thinks about worlds. About his flawless short program (just a frustrating point shy of breaking Stark’s two-year standing record). About Stark’s blotched skating. About his own freeskate, where he fell on a quad toe, but was otherwise clean. About Stark’s free skate, where he attempted eight quads, cleanly landed six. He ended with a non-existent program component score, but at the same time, he became the first skater to land six quads in a free skate.
He sighs. It’s irritating competing with Stark. Even if you win, you still feel like you’re the loser because Stark’s programs are always surprising. Oh, and also Stark’s an ass. That’s irritating too. If anyone asks why, Steve will kindly direct them to search up his name on the internet.
“This cake is really good, you know, Steve.” Stark says, lips covered with patches of frosting.
“Thank you, but-”
Steve is bad at dealing with people. Steve cannot deal with sober Stark. Stark drunk? This is out of the question for him, Steven Grant Rogers, thank you very much.
Stark reaches his hand out as a waitress walks by with shots of something pink lined in a tray. Steve shoves his piece of the cake Tony loved so much into his hands before Stark has the time to react. Stark frowns.
April 1st
Didn’t do that, did you? Now you're stuck with a pathetic medal. A shame to the Stark name.
“It’s cliche, Clint. It’s been done before.”
Natasha Romanoff kicks the door open, and Steve pretends to play with his shoelaces. Turns out feigning ignorance is the best decision because Natasha takes one look at Clint’s tray of candied onions and flashes a grin brighter than the sun itself. She whispers something into his ear and then walks out of the room, leaving Clint looking petrified.
Steve is confused but he stopped trying to understand Stark a long time ago.
“Now, now. A little competition is always healthy for the soul.”
Howard Stark gives him one more pat on the back before heading off again, and for a moment, there’s just Steve along with Stark.
“For the love of god, why do I even put up with you guys,” Steve groans.
Clint grins, “Well, since you’ve done so well at worlds, I decided to make candy apples.”
Stark looks up and frowns, following his father to the side. He furrows his brows when he sees Steve, scrunching his nose as if Steve was the smell of dead fish in the sun. Steve offers him a curt nod, but before he has the opportunity to say anything, Howard Stark makes his way over to Steve, smiling heartily.
When he finishes the cake, Stark goes to put the plate on top of the cleaning tray. Steve takes the time to run away to hide at the side of the room, but Stark stumbles to him again a minute later. Steve doesn’t really feel guilty for his escape attempt.
Apparently Stark’s first reaction is to giggle. “Hi,” he says casually, like he didn’t just fall on top of Steve and there isn’t anyone in the room eyeing them. Slowly, Stark gets up, putting a wobbly knee up like he’s just fallen on ice for the first time. He stands, and manages not to fall down all over again.
Milan, Italy
The whole fiasco leaves Steve with the same uneasy feeling every figure skater has in the air when they know they will not land on their feet. Only it stretches from seconds to hours to days.
Manhattan Figure Skating Club
Steve gets another plate, and cuts two pieces of cake, to divert attention elsewhere. Stark’s still around once he’s done so he offers him a piece. Peace offering, he’d say if he could transmit psychic messages.
Clint shoots him a look of betrayal. “That language coming out of you? Scandalous.”
“I didn’t even have the chance to congratulate you, Anthony.”
When he starts to feel guilty, Steve reminds himself of how Stark’s actually like when he’s sober and if anything, it sets part of his conscience to ease.
Steve stands up, planning to walk miles to go downstairs, but then they hear steady steps coming from the main hallway.
“More like a fun week. Nat always pays her debts in full,” Peggy says, smirking, “Come one Steve, let’s go practice. Clint’s on his own here.”
