The medical convention never existed; much to John’s expectancy after a quick call to the center confirmed it. Nor could he find anything about a Dr. Altamont listed anywhere. All fabricated for the sake of getting him there. Upon further reflection, Durham was a perfect place for a secret reunion. Remote, easily accessible by train, car, hell there was enough open land out there you could probably have come in by helicopter if you had the means. And he bloody well knew a certain person who had them.
—oh. Plausible deniability.” Sherlock rejoined the conversation, giving another slight shrug. “As far as Dimmock or anyone else was concerned, you had zero interaction with Anderson, or Lucy for that matter all evening before they kissed. Your surprise was as genuine as anyone else’s.”
He stood up, putting the perplexing train of thoughts aside for the time being to inspect his handiwork.
?” The detective snapped, the antlers jerking sharply. His gaze flicked down towards John’s lips and the doctor realized he’d been licking them over none too innocently, before shooting back up to his eyes. Whatever they were currently doing made Sherlock’s scowl mollify as he gave a husky, “Oh.”
The other line was so quiet the doctor pulled the mobile away from his ear to make sure the call was still going. It was.
“I’m not in the mood.” Greg warned, giving the camera one last dirty look before he continued his journey to his car. It was parked some ways down; far enough he could just make out the silver hood gleaming under a streetlamp.
to come here must have appeared completely daft. There were far superior pubs only a few blocks farther away. However the bartender knew him by name, the beers on tap were satisfactory and they tended to keep the volume on the telly just a hair above the din. Which suited John just fine.
The voice, the timber, frightening in its familiarity practically vibrates through John’s pistoning thoughts of survival, makes him halt his counterattack despite instinct telling him to persist.
The detective searched his memory, first recent then farther back, tumbling through correlations of coat and chair and shivering like an idiot—
He mimicked the sensation with the tip of his thumbnail trapped between his teeth, bits splintering off as the detective slowly gnawed at it. The other hand meanwhile worried over a gash in the arm of the chair he’d entrenched himself in, fingers plucking incessantly at the splayed fibers. Casting the strands he pulled free over the side.
“If you mean Googling a phone number, then yeah.” John smirked, taking another nip of his ice water, gasping a little as the chill of it washed down his throat.
are a blessing Mrs. H.” John huddled quickly into the kitchen, leaning in to give her a peck on the cheek, the fur trim of her hood tickling underneath his chin. Mrs. Hudson clucked at the sight of him, rubbing his palms steadily over his biceps and put her cup down. She hastened over to the coffeemaker, grabbing an awaiting mug on the worktop.
Lucy broke from the kiss first, giggling and blushing furiously. She tucked her face away over Anderson’s shoulder for a moment while Philip gave the room a thank you wave and looked positively elated himself.
…” John pointed an accusatory finger in the detective’s direction, whose shadowed eyes widened briefly. “Those were a unifying gift from Galadriel to the
.” Mary spat, then grimaced out a “Sorry” as she tucked a wayward strand of short blonde hair back behind her ear. “I knew it…just with the depth of the laceration; I didn’t think I could get away with butterflies.” She sighed again, disappointed with herself.
“You always had a soft spot for the bizarre ones…” John had mused, slicing up the creminis as evenly as possible while he was hunched to one side, keeping the phone squashed against his shoulder. It would have been far easier to just put the call on speaker phone, but doing so seemed too risky with Mrs. H only a floor away.
Abandoning the clue for now he skipped to #2 Down. Three letters with a ‘D’ in the middle, the clue being ‘
Mrs. H stayed with him a little while longer while John got himself together, though she spoke no more of Sherlock. Instead she chattered on about one of her favorite soaps…something with doctors and the most ridiculous melodrama that John couldn’t help but laugh.
suits—though he made up for the dreadfulness of having to with the best quality he could find on short notice. Far from cheap and not tailored. But if he was going to pass off as a sharp upstart it would do.
perfectly well. Sherlock could whip up a psychological profile as easy as penning a grocery list, but it didn’t take a genius to see this was the most anti-Holmes place one could go.
A little after midnight Sherlock had abruptly raised a gloved finger to his lips, silencing John mid-whisper. John had strained his ears until he heard a faint scratching. Like something grating against metal. It grew louder and louder until it sounded like it was right with in the room beyond them. There was a creak, a metallic groan and then a soft clang followed by silence.
John used to rather enjoy it though, albeit secretly. While he tended to like things kept modest, watching Sherlock command the attention he did when the detective simply entered a room was undeniably gratifying.
you.” Although there was a constant chill on his face, Sherlock could feel a sticky film of sweat forming on his forehead and an uncontainable shiver spike through him, lighting up along his spine like a current.
. About as drained as John felt. And despite himself, John wondered if Sherlock was eating by the sunken nature of his cheeks. Clenching a fist, John tried to quell the budding concern and turned away, staring forward at the curtains across the way, wafting gently.
John’s arousal was escalating alarmingly fast, making him suddenly lightheaded with need. That was until he made a clumsy grab at the back of a thigh—a well-established Sherlockian erogenous zone. With a throaty grunt, Sherlock all but yanked his hips away, towing out from John’s hold. His eyes were squeezed shut, his breath coming in harsh gusts from his nostrils and John felt a jarring pang of worry he’d gone and arsed it all up.
“You’re gonna miss Anderson getting pissed and making an arse of himself hitting on his coworkers.” He tried. “Dimmock and I have twenty quid on who’s slapping him under the mistletoe this year. My money’s on Claudia, that new forensic photographer. Bit of a dark horse but I’ve seen the way Phil’s been
Lestrade spotted John first as they entered, excusing himself from a conversation he was having to snake his way through the small crowd occupying his living room to come over to greet them. He received John with a handshake and a hearty slap on the arm then set his sights on Sherlock.
would miss something so crucial. Not seeing what was apparently happening right in front of him. What Sherlock was planning…
There was that vibrant ache throughout his torso again. Shocking this time, as if hands had reached inside him and twisted Sherlock’s core, his organs, like one would ring water from a wet towel. Tighter and tighter until he had to press himself back upright in the armchair, his eyes squeezing shut. He was so fixated on trying to quell the sensation that Sherlock nearly missed the soft words uttered from across the room.
Reevaluating his approach it seemed, Sherlock turned his attention to where John’s hand was lightly resting on his right pectoral. He reached up and enclosed it, messily slotting the last few of their fingers together.
“John!” Mrs. Hudson announced as she rounded the corner and came into the flat carrying a weighted plastic bag. “Mrs. Turner sent me home with some left over stew I thought you migh—OH!”
remark slide. He looked over the carefully separated groupings Sherlock had made consisting of potato crisps, several baby carrots, thin slices of celery, a glob of some sort of oniony smelling dip, and what looked like four tiny spinach quiches. One of which Sherlock immediately plucked off the plate and popped into his mouth whole.
“Well I’m certainly not going to gamble on woman’s broken heart.” John resigned, spotting Lestrade coming back with an opened beer and detached himself from Sherlock, though he maintained their close proximity.
It would be nearly a thirty minute drive to the convention center tomorrow, but John honestly didn’t mind. The remoteness was a welcome change in atmosphere.
would affect me. That I’d drive myself fucking mad that I hadn’t seen you were suicidal until it was too late. That I—.”
Sherlock gave a lofty sigh, though it came off more drained than annoyed. “John…the less you know about my current whereabouts and what I’m doing right now—”
. Er—no it was, it’s good.” Unsure where to go next as all the obvious questions were probably off-limits, he tried “Are you, in one
Truth be told he hadn’t received a mysterious call since the last one in May. Not that that mattered either since John had run his investigation into the ground, coming up with no new leads or ideas.
But if there was anyone in their little universe—that he was still talking to—that understood what it was like existing in Sherlock’s orbit and then suddenly not, it was Lestrade. Maybe even better than John did.
“Maybe not by name…including our host.” He mused shrewdly and managed to pull Sherlock’s attention from the stairs to regard him instead, looking completely unimpressed.
With a huff he climbed up, stopping half way when he could see most of the loft from his eye-level. Moving the torch around, John shined it on the beams, looking for any signs of soaked wood or wetness. Wherever this leak was it must have been deeper than he could see from here because the rafters looked bone dry.
that?” Greg prodded rhetorically, knowing fully well he’d never get a straight answer from him. He couldn’t even get one from John.
“Which happened to be in Lestrade’s bedroom I take it?” John asked. Though the pieces were already falling into place. If only he could have been a fly on the wall in the room when Lucy walked in to find a defeated Philip.
Truth be told he was here tonight after getting into an argument. This time with Sarah over his hours.
Thankfully, that portion of the interview had been kept short and soon enough they were touring the premises. He was officially hired the next day and asked to come in for training.
Mycroft raised his chin, eyes shifting to the phone in his hand. “I hope you know what you’re doing.”
He snuck backwards several paces and reset his stride towards the office, acting unaware to any of the activity going on inside. As John reached the door-frame, he gave a brisk knock at the same time as he casually leaned in.
“I suppose I did, didn’t I?” John conceded, noticing in his peripheral that Sherlock’s antlers had gone askew during their pawing of one another. He reached up and began to readjust them, Sherlock bowing his head a tad in way of assistance.
“John…now, you’ll remember better than I would.” Lestrade started as the doctor walked up. “The Andrews case last year, the one with the poisoned soap.”
“It’s fine, really I’m fine.” The doctor urged, taking the tutting landlady by the shoulder and attempting to usher her back towards the door. They were nearly across the threshold when Lestrade spoke up.
. I’ll have some wired later this afternoon. And do try and stretch this allowance out further than the last. Despite your belief otherwise Sherlock, these funds aren’t
As always if you have any feedback don't hesitate to comment down below, I love hearing everything and anything. Thoughts, predictions, things you like, things you don't like, things you want to see, things you don't want to see, how you're doing today, etc.
“Well I did have work, but seeing as I’m now…” John pushed back his sleeve, taking in the time as his eyebrows rose sharply. “
They stared at each other for what felt like an age, a silent battle ending when John felt a weariness descend over him so dense he wavered. The pitiful rest he got, the adrenalin coursing through his system now fading and replaced by utter exhaustion.
cut me.” She chuckled lightly. “I was preparing sandwiches for today’s lunch and…had a run in with a disgruntled baguette.” Ms. Morstan rolled her eyes and her cheeks warmed, obviously embarrassed by what she considered an easily avoidable mishap. “I should have been more careful.” Mary confided with a sigh.
Sherlock’s face fell into an all too familiar blankness. It typically came after John called him out on a particularly callous action or comment. To this day John wasn’t sure if it was a modicum of shame slipping through the veneer or if Sherlock was simply disengaging from the conversation. Like it was all suddenly too boring to warrant further attention. Even now Sherlock turned his focus towards the ceiling, the pale lines of his throat sliding up then down slowly.
In his room, John drew back his covers and set his alarm—an hour later than his usual time considering he had nothing to do tomorrow, or for the next three days for that matter. He switched on the radio built into the bedside clock, slowly tuning it until classical music poured out of the speakers. Adjusting the volume down, John switched off his light and climbed into bed.
Next to him, Sherlock had taken a sudden interest in those mingling, his posture stiff and on guard. He’d inched closer to John at some point, enough that they were brushing from shoulder to elbow.
. Or at least what used to be considered interesting.” Greg mused a little sadly, nodding to the stack of papers and folders he’d moved aside.
He became sharply aware of the drama escalating in front of him. The woman now convinced she must have left her wallet in the car that dropped her off at the hotel.
“But that’s the theme!” John protested, making a vague gesture at his torso for emphasis. Though he knew fully well doing so wouldn’t help his defense in the slightest.
Or the one strange case of a cat burglar that had hit the same house four times in the course of a week. Stranger still was every robbery occurred at night while all the doors and windows were locked
“John?” Sherlock’s voice, inquiring if not a bit cautious sounding broke his train of thought. John shifted in his seat, resting his fork down with a soft clatter.
It certainly didn’t help that the piece also featured John. Briefly, but it was enough that he started getting phone calls again.
“Hallo?” Came a male voice: young, monotone, and so informal John had an abrupt fear he’d just rung someone at their home.
She had several gauze wadded in her fist, discarded in the bin next to her was a formerly powder blue handkerchief. John surmised it must have been wound round her injury; the fabric was twisted, stiff and ruddy with dried blood.
“For what?!” John spat back, whatever he’d been restraining coming loose, air whistling through his flared nostrils as the words poured from him. “Didn’t intend
Before John knew it he was dropping his keys on the kitchen table, not quite recalling having passed the darkened front windows of Speedy’s nor apparently springing up the stairs to the flat.
. And that had nothing to do with some Englishmen pride; he and Sherlock just weren’t the sort for it.
There was a low, vaguely displeased sounding hum, like John had asked him if he could try not store a tin of toenail clippings
“I remember right after coming back to London; I’d gotten so accustomed to a bunch of noisy blokes around me that trying to sleep alone was pretty unnerving. Come to think of it, I’m not sure what was worse, the quiet or bed being too ruddy soft.”
The detective narrowed his eyes, fingers drumming on the small table in front of him. “You do know trying to argue with me expressively doesn’t work
John’s body arched, his toes curling. It took a precarious, delirious moment for him to establish any sense of rhythm, rolling his pelvis to meet Sherlock’s steady thrusts, pulling out a little further each time.
John glanced up from the notes he was writing. “I’m familiar…are you—saying a homeless person cut you?” He frowned.
“Shall we?” Sherlock dropped the keys gently into the doctor’s palm as he raised it, the corners of his mouth lifting faintly while the rest of his expression remained unreadable.
Moving farther inward, John crept along, shining his light here and there. He honestly hadn’t been up here since he moved most of Sherlock’s things into storage. God he hoped nothing was being leaked on. He had tried to pick the best looking spot, nearby the Christmas decorations where the wood looked undamaged. But that didn’t mean that in the time since something hadn’t decided to corrode and start dripping.
John’s eyes followed their soft fuzzy curves all the way downward into Sherlock’s hair, which appeared like inky auburn in the light cast from the hearth. His curls had been through a thorough ruffling, enough that the little, felt ears and headband were completely buried. When John made his way down to Sherlock’s eyes, he found something penetrating,
Upon anticipating a fifth break in, Sherlock and he had stowed away in a frightfully large walk-in closet. John remembered Sherlock doing his best to comfortably lean against a wall of dark oak shoe cubbies, while he tried very hard not to make eye contact with a fox stole, the poor creature’s face still fully intact. The way its faux amber eyes gleamed in the moonlight from the skylight overhead made the doctor shiver.
“Honestly John, I don’t mind. Do use it.” And before he could get in another word otherwise, Sherlock dropped the subject and launched into a new one. “Let’s see…what else can I tell you.” John stared out into the middle distance of the sitting room for a beat, flabbergasted and strangely, a bit chuffed.  He ended up shrugging off the exchange and rolling lazily for his sweating drink, switch the mobile from one hand to the other again.
He tapped on the number, bringing up the call details. Well at least the arrangement of digit’s looked familiar. It had the grouping of a mobile phone. The mystery caller didn’t leave a voicemail, not that John had expected one.
.” Sherlock muttered a little drunkenly, making a gallant but slow reach for the headware. John got to them first however, wincing as he flung them somewhere under the coffee table. He blinked away the light sting in his eyes, meeting Sherlock's gaze for a beat before both men were curling with laughter.
As it turned out, Henry was dosed via poison-laced hand sanitizer, a compulsion of his. Not the poison part of course, but the obsessive use of the antibacterial gel. There were more than a dozen pump-activated bottles found around the Andrew’s home. Excessive exposure to the ethyl alcohol used in it had broken down the protective layer of Henry’s skin, allowing the cyanide to be easily absorbed into his body. Evidently he’d been slowly killing himself since the moment he woke up till well into the evening.
“From Claudia?” John ventured, shifting a bit in his seat so he could regard him properly. The edges of Sherlock’s curls were crisp along his forehead and ears. At the onset of the rain, he’d tucked the stuffed antlers back into the pocket of his Belstaff as they left Lestrade’s.
John craned his head, spotting them resting there so innocently and out in the open after what they’d done. Just looking at them made his cheeks flush and his gut jolt with interest. “Don’t see why not. Though I might pack them back in with the rest of the Christmas décor. Could be a nice surprise every year.”
“Uh…no not really.” He called out, settling back into the battered green leather. The telly had been dragged into the center of the room in anticipation of whatever they decided to do that evening. Greg searched for the remote, rescuing it from being nearly sucked down between two sofa cushions.
.” Mycroft interrupted; his distaste palpable before his tone swiftly leveled. “However I highly doubt John is suffering from the same delusions.”
Dufort chose to engage in was his own business. Sherlock was only interested in the exchange of information. And now he had it.
“John no one is forcing your hand.” Mycroft’s smile fell with a sigh as he shifted in his seat, stretching his long legs as far forward as they could. The backseat of the sedan was spacious, but for a man of Mycroft’s height, it afforded little in the way of extra leg room.
the credit.” She mused, tucking her hand back in her pocket and adjusting the straps of the small red leather purse perched on her shoulder with the other. “The bloke who patched me up did a terrific job.”
Chancing another peek, it took John a few seconds to spot Lucy’s eyes where they were partially obscured by the glare on her lenses and the shadow cast from the dense, angular swath of her fringe. Instead of shifting about, Lucy’s gaze was instead fixed on a certain point. Attempting to follow her line of sight, John was taken aback to discover it aimed at none other than—
Patricia then locked the kitchen entry and proceeded to bash it back open with the statue in order to make look like someone broke in.”
) hint of cigarette smoke. Not all the things that made up the complex amalgam of Sherlock’s scent, but crucial parts of it.
With a short stack of menus in hand the doctor came to the doorway of the kitchen. “Well I’m more of a Hibs man myself.” He shrugged. “Who they playing?”
It was a gamble in itself. By all accounts Sherlock should have opened with more personal observations to prove his abilities, even with how poorly that could have ended up going. But if he was right to assume Mahir favored risk, well, what was more risky then taking the advice of a complete stranger?
The area under his left eye was a kaleidoscope of colors. Mostly the deep purples and reds of fresh bruising, eventually turning yellow and brown when it began to heal. There was a broken cluster of blood vessels where a knuckle had impacted directly with the bone, and another just below his bottom lip where it felt like John’s lower cuspid and surrounding teeth were too big for his jaw.
She’d explained to John that while she appreciated having him around more, she was worried he was going to burn himself out if he went on like this.
About to reply, John’s eyes caught a figure sitting at a table some several meters away beyond the waitress’s arm, their back mostly to him: tall thin frame in a dark tailored suit, a head of dusky manicured curls, elbows resting on the table, pale hands with fingers laced together against their mouth. He felt his stomach rocket into his throat, breath catching as the response died on his lips. John blinked hard, blinked again, and in an instant his eyes registered a different figure. A lanky man with lighter brown hair, cropped shorter in a charcoal suit began speaking animatedly to the woman he was dining with. Her laughter cutting across the restaurant.
. But to John’s astonishment, laughter burst forth around them. Collins himself gave a robust guffaw and slapped Greg on the back so hard it nearly sent the DI lurching forward.
—was most infuriatingly correct. He could just leave. And what was more preferable then? Sitting here in a fantasy with…with an
John was still shivering as the hazed cleared, his breath catching at the almost sharp, oversensitive pleasure he felt as Sherlock chased his own end, the force of his hips growing more and more helpless. Although exhaustion was quickly beginning to take its toll, John used every last ounce of energy he had left to flex his insides, squeezing everything from his stomach to his glutes.
“My point is, you’re amongst colleagues. It’s a party, not an execution. We go in for a bit, have a drink or two, maybe a chat, wish them a happy Christmas, and then get the hell out of here and go home.”
. Not himself. He heard John being exhausted before, after a long shift at work or several nights with little sleep during a case. And while the man did sound drained, there was a hollowness to his voice.
Before Durham, John hadn’t been able to bare even looking at it let alone step inside. The only reason the room had seen any scrap of tidying was Mrs. Hudson slipping in at one point and making the bed. And whether or not she went in there afterwards to clean while he was out of the flat, John didn’t know. Didn’t care to know at the time. Wouldn’t dare let himself care.
“I’d like a list of all incoming international calls to that number. Send them to me when you have them.”
He’d wistfully suggested to John as the doctor finally took the clippings down at the behest of poor Mrs. H. Though…instead of going right in the bin, those grainy swatches of newsprint depicting Sherlock half bent over behind a skip with his trousers around his knees and John pressed up behind him from various angles may or may not have ended up tucked safely away in bottom of the lockbox that housed his service gun.
As he finished his nearly cold coffee, John plugged in his mobile and opened the call log. As he suspected there were two calls from the clinic, one from Sarah’s personal mobile and one unknown number.
“Embarrassed.” Mycroft’s voice droned across the way where he materialized, nose upturned and posture wooden in Sherlock’s chair. He was decked in one of his most hideous tweed suits, like a bespoke splotch of dried mustard. Infuriatingly still, Mycroft seemed completely unaffected by the cold with his hands out in the open and folded neatly in his lap.
“No.” The detective sighed, now eyeing the final quiche. John held the plate towards him in offering, snatching a few crisps for himself. “I plan on doing that for you.” He murmured, opting for a stick of celery instead, pushing it slowly into the dip and swirling it round.
“Gosh…must be the jumper.” John said innocently, widening his eyes and taking a quick glance down at the hideous thing gilding his torso. “I think the terrible stitching has gone to my brain. You’ll just have to keep me in check. No telling what I’ll get up to in this state.”
“Nail varnish.” The detective clarified, addressing the group before taking a long sip. Lestrade sat back with a knowing look while John found himself momentarily distracted by the slide of Sherlock’s tongue licking white cream from his lips. “Rather
She had pasted several links to German news sites, along with a blurb discussing them, thankfully in
In fact, some of John’s fondest childhood memories were helping his mum in the kitchen—making dinner like this or a weekend lunch, and unquestionably whenever there was any variety of baking involved.
Wrapping her other arm around him, Mrs. Hudson pulled John in tighter, hushing him. A hand went to the back of the doctor’s head and slowly petting over his hair, down to the nape of his neck, again and again. John wound his arms around her petite waist, gripping at her fine cardigan as another surge gushed out. He whined something that to him sounded incomprehensible under the high-pitch hum in his ears.
Sinking into his chair, John plopped the morning paper next to him, folded open to the daily crossword puzzle and descended on a particularly strong cup of Earl Grey. He was out of milk, which was surprising considering he was the only one drinking it. He would have opted for a dash of sugar instead but he was out of that too. In fact John had a pretty good suspicion he was out of a lot of things that couldn’t be begotten by a telephone.
As John toweled his damp hair, he wiped away the condensation from the glass over the sink and scowled.
at the base of the fireplace. Whoever crafted this fine piece of apparel had intended to depict Santa having arrived after traveling down the chimney, but with the way the figure was placed and rotated it appeared more like his lifeless body had been propped up against a wall. Presumably after delivering the pile of dreadfully textured presents located around John’s navel.
Greg stepped inside, surveying John curiously before the DI finally noticed the map tacked to the wall, littered with sticky notes with what looked like phone numbers and dates scrolled on them. “Am I…interrupting?”
The detective’s eyes widened, dragging the scrubber back until both men were still in their seats. With a tiny click and keystroke he sliced the file there; separating it into two parts before highlight everything to the right of the cut and deleting it.
And though their food arrived in an astonishing amount of time and with no bill attached, John wouldn’t let the delivery boy leave without a significant tip.
“Aren’t I going to be charged or…or something?” He asked Lestrade’s receding form, quickly following him as they went right passed the processing desk and towards the main lobby doors. John hurriedly tore open the bag and wrenched out his coat, slipping it halfway on.
, no…though I think I will have some of that eggnog before it’s gone.” Sherlock said pleasantly and both John and Lestrade shared a questioning look.
He’d helped apprehend men like that in the past—ruthless, proficient. The type who would sooner slit your throat then throw a punch. Though Hilscher was of a leaner build, a man like that should never under any circumstances be underestimated. Even if he did have an impressively rich tan for surfing in northern Germany…
“Lift your hips,” Sherlock ordered softly and John complied, one pillow positioned comfortably between his bum and the small of his back. The other, slipped carefully beneath his head.
Slowly, the detective lifted an arm from where it had been lying beside his head and brought it to hover just over John’s shoulder. His long fingers flexed and curled, hesitating to come any closer.
I’ve made this about as stone simple as I could, and again if you’re anything like me, simple is good. It’s bloody fantastic when your otherwise preoccupied with a temperamental, feverish, hacking, man-lump who teeters between demanding he’s fine to complaining that his nose is both running
The worst form of psychological torture one could endure was not sleep deprivation, or starvation, or sensory overload, nor depersonalization.
Collecting himself, Sherlock gave the man who’d approached the desk a modest smile, pulling in minute deductions before either spoke.
Despite the gravity of the conversation, how drained he was with it—with this entire seemingly endless night, Sherlock couldn’t stop a bemused little smile from spreading. “Can’t have that.” He murmured to himself, the taut grip at his scalp easing. Slowly he smoothed his hand down to rest on the back of his neck, relishing the transference of heat between the two plains of skin.
They were friends weren’t they? Wasn’t that John’s campaign this entire time? That friends looked out for one another. Protected each other. And what had he done?
John put his phone down, something heavy settled in his stomach and he didn’t feel like eating anymore. Not that he was ravenous to begin with. Takeout went into the fridge and John headed up to his room, deciding to try and get some rest. Maybe read for a little while before his body finally caved to fatigue.
He told John about work and how the Chief Superintendent was still looming over the department but at least he and Sally were able to keep their jobs. At seeing the doctor’s thinly checked disdain at the mention of sergeant Donavon, he’d quickly changed the subject and John was shocked to find out Greg had filed for divorce last week.
.” John whispered, folding his arms across his chest, uncertain whether to feel curious or concerned. At the moment he was sort of experiencing a little of both.
Quickly packing up, Sherlock grabbed his small coat, putting it on and tucking the laptop underneath his arm. As his hand came to rest on the doorknob, he took a deep breath, centering himself. Pushing the sound of John’s voice far into the back of his mind for later contemplation.
His therapist Ella informed him that not everyone experiences the stages of grief in the same way, but he’d go through them in time. That it was good to go through them. That he
Their audience splintered off soon thereafter; chatting amongst themselves or getting up to freshen drinks and grab more food before it was gone.
Rousing himself, the detective grunted and stretched under John, who was partially draped over him and partially wedged between Sherlock’s side and the back of the sofa. And not a terrible place to be at that.
Sherlock calculated the odds of blowing his entire mission verses his mounting desire to have her hauled away by security. Perhaps by
Sherlock cocked his head, the antlers gently shifting as he regarded John with a touch of haughty amusement. “You’re either very brave or very foolish to come out here tonight. Mainly in
When the flames puffed to life, the doctor sat back on his heels, holding his hands out towards the fireplace. The exquisite warmth seeping into his fingers was so entrancing, that John’s heart nearly rocketed into his throat when he suddenly heard a rich voice rumble near his ear.
Hudders dumps into hers.” Sherlock replied, pouting in displeasure and John couldn’t rightly argue with that. He also noted the detective’s concentration was about as absorbed on the area around the drinks table as poor Lucy’s was.
“Oh so sorry dear! I didn’t see you were sleeping.” Mrs. Hudson cringed at him as she nudged a tray farther onto the coffee table containing a cozied teapot and two cups and saucers—which accounted for the sound—and two wrapped items on plates.
before we’re back home.” Sherlock said, gradually asserting the plate at John until he took it. Sherlock had also acquired another glass of eggnog on his venture and set it down on the table by John’s knee.
“Pick up.” Sherlock whispered, his bottom jaw beginning to tremble. He gave a fervent lick over his bottom lip, casting his eyes upward then closed. The line kept ringing.
sometimes needed to lock himself away in his own head during cases. Quite frankly depending on the gravity of the case and therefore Sherlock’s attitude, sometimes John savored those stretches when the detective would check out for a few hours.
“I believe it.” Mary replied. There was something wistful in her tone and as John glanced up he caught a minute look of sadness on the woman’s features. It passed a second later as she adopted a pleasant smile. “I should probably get going. I have an interview ungodly early tomorrow over at Saint Thomas’ in Westminster.”
Then the ‘Watson Charm’ practically exuded from the doctor’s pores. It made him unassuming otherwise. Most people saw a short man with a warm smile and a soft jumper, but there was so much more to John Watson then that. So much Sherlock had yet to—
Bloody awkward as it had been, John couldn’t help but replay his conversation with Mrs. Hudson as he went about stretching and smoothing the fitted sheet back onto the mattress.
.” He remarked offhandedly as they swept across the threshold into the entry hall and John shut the door firmly behind them. “Oh—speaking of which.”
Though admittedly stubborn, John wasn’t ignorant. He recognized the signs of insomnia he’d been developing over these past few months. Or rather, it wasn’t exactly a development as it was a
Instead to his surprise, the doctor curled forward until his forehead gently pressed into the end of Sherlock’s sternum, John’s other hand coming up to squeeze at his shirt.
The plan was to start him out with a Zolpidem in an extended release form, something that would make him fall asleep quickly and keep him asleep throughout the night. He told her about his previous experiences with sleeping pills and they both agreed trying this form might be better. Eventually they would switch John over to a Ramelteon, which worked differently by targeting the circadian cycle naturally rather than forcing it with an artificial chemical. That one he could use long-term if needed.
Long wooden benches with large elaborately carved backs and well-used cushions were crammed end to end and back to back to supply as much seating as possible in the main room. Outside the street was swarmed with people passing through and the shouts of tightly packed street merchants trying to sell their wares.
On a whim, John craned his neck to see across the living room towards the kitchen. To his pleasant surprise, Lucy was no longer skulking behind the doorframe but standing in full view of it and appeared to be talking with someone just out of John’s line of sight.
With a long, decompressing exhale, John gathered his thoughts. “Listen…I don’t know what your intentions were for giving me this phone. But if part of them included trying to salvage this friendship—some things have to change.”
“It’s like living in a vacuum.” He murmured, taking another long pull, then another. Trying to parse what he’d been feeling lately. Or hadn’t been feeling for that matter. It was hard to put it into words.
It was crazy. It really was. Any sensible person would hang up; they might even report the activity to the police.
“Besides.” John figured, so composed and sure it set Sherlock’s teeth on edge. “If you wanted this to stop…
. Or his violin. Never had the inaccessibility of the instrument been so acute. Though at this point, Sherlock wasn’t sure how much playing verses how much torture he would do to the poor thing. Nevertheless it would have been preferable to
“Erm—No, I—suppose not. Say, do you think I might be able to nab a shower at the Turners?” John tried, desperate for a subject change. His ploy seemed to pay off as he looked back up just in time to see her expression brighten.
John let the lingering thought go before it had a chance to materialize, reaching the sofa and unceremoniously flopping down on it.
What those people didn’t understand however was that Sherlock wasn’t the constant whirling dervish of chaos he made himself out to be.
John thought bitterly, struggling for an response before he realized he had the perfect one on tap. “Uh, old case I’m trying to write up. You know, for the blog.”
Sherlock’s renditions were of course far more clinical but in true Holmesian fashion, no less dramatic for it. Although John had to reel him back from several tangents about a certain chemical makeup or blood splatter or residual texture. He did also make it a point to mention the times John was particularly helpful in kindling his thought process and took perhaps a bit too much enjoyment in recounting the times the doctor had tapped into his combat training when apprehending a criminal, especially when that criminal had his sights set on Sherlock.
After a course of fervent snogging that threatened to devolve into frantic rutting once again, Sherlock lifted himself and took hold of the base of his cock. John wriggled a little to accommodate him, spreading his thighs wider and scooting farther down on the pillow under his back.
“Ta for the reminder.” He remarked bitterly, then adding with mounting vitriol “Now if you wouldn’t mind
They did just that upon arriving, Sherlock looming behind John up the handful of brick steps to discover Greg’s “doorjamb” was actually a small scrap of wood stopping the door from completely closing. They shared a look upon seeing it, John snickering and Sherlock rolling his eyes.
By morning he forgot about the call. Sarah texted, asking him to come in earlier than he was scheduled for. One of the local primaries had an outbreak of influenza and parents were flooding the clinic to get their kids and themselves inoculated at the last minute.
He checked every so often through his synopsis to see if his mystery caller was still there. They were. He then stalled out sometime after recounting how he nearly ruined his dinner reheating it in the microwave, meant to set it on 3 minutes but hit an extra zero and went to change his clothes. By the time John came back the plate of leftover manicotti was a splattered solidified mess.
It took John longer then it probably should have to construe what he was implying, but when he did, the doctor gave a laughing groan. “You’re serious?”
“She doesn’t,” Sherlock replied simply. A fond smile stealing over his darkened face after he observed John for a moment or two.
As John listened, he had his own moment of recognition. When he’d spotted Lucy eagerly talking to some unseen person in the kitchen later that evening, it must have been Sherlock. Especially with the way she kept motioning to her chest while she spoke.
John let the paperback close on his thumb, his free hand coming up to pinch at the bridge of his nose. He wasn’t supposed to be thinking about this now. He was
Well what happened was she’s an insufferable wretch and I quit.” He continued in such a matter of fact tone his manager at first nodded then flinched at the comprehension of what he actually said.
Fetching his call log, John noted the number and opened a new tab in his browser. Clicking on the search box he began to type.
“I wanted to tell you sooner John but there just wasn’t a good time. And mostly I—well I didn’t want to open old wounds.”  Lestrade finished somberly.
He let his eyes wander: music stand by the window behind his chair, bison skull looming on the wall, dining table obscured in piles of books and papers, several cardboard file boxes taking up the most space—Sherlock was mildly curious as to what his brain would supply inside had he opened them.
And sure the man was reckless. Infuriatingly so. The many patch up sessions in their bathroom, sometimes their sitting room if he couldn’t get Sherlock to move any further into the flat. Even in his day to day living habits, Sherlock regularly pushed the limits the human body could take.
April rolled in bringing with it rain upon rain and Mrs. H had sequestered him one Friday afternoon mid-month to see if he could do something about the leak in the stairwell ceiling on the same level as 221B. He assured her his knowledge of roofs and leaks wasn’t exactly professional. However the landlady had simply patted him on the cheek, wished him luck, and went out to her doctor’s appointment.
“Or delete them entirely.” John couldn’t help but goad good-naturedly as he reclined back in his chair.
John caught himself absently rubbing the stuffed horns more than he was centering them, peering down to see Sherlock watching him intently through his lashes. When the doctor hastily let him go he stood to his full height, regarding John quietly a moment more before nodding towards the stairway.
Also if you’re a West Bromwich Albion fan, I apologize for my obvious inference that your team is not so good. I just based it off the stats of total losses vs Arsenal.
Instead of fighting it like he so often did, John let it radiate until the feeling began to burn out and fade, leaving tiny embers nestled in the pit of his gut. He sucked a long breath through his nose and let it out just as slow. Bit of a method Ella had taught him: inhale for the count of four, exhale for the same count. Concentrate on the breath itself, the feeling of it stretching out your lungs, of your lungs pushing it back out. Repeat.
, John found himself suddenly rapt by the detective’s appearance. The graceful yet powerful contour of his shoulders, the eloquent expanse of his torso. Sherlock’s usually pale complexion seemed to glow now that he was fully bathed in the firelight, giving him an almost otherworldly air.
She’d blubbered as he tried futilely to calm her while simultaneously ushering her back downstairs. If only the poor woman knew how right about that she actually was.
we waiting for?” John’s voice wavered a little with giddiness as he mentally thanked whatever divine force above that no one was bloody aware of to the ridiculous display they were putting on.
John had a hunch calling those would be useless but he did anyway, even trying the one he had redialed in November. Unsurprisingly it was still disconnected. As were the lot of them accept one he was able to isolate as a mobile carrier in Egypt.
Not that there was anything to hide really. His and Sherlock’s relationship and its nature weren’t some great secret to their friends and family—nor a good portion of the public eye of London at this point.
it. He’d liked the quiet part of Sherlock who puttered for hours in the kitchen running experiments on things—though maybe not John’s things. And maybe not the experiments that resulted in them having to evacuate the flat and call the fire department
As she approached his booth, John shut off his mobile’s display, setting it face down between his hands. “Mary, hello.” He stumbled through his greeting, attempting to polish it off with a grin.
?” The doctor blinked, laughing a little awkwardly as he came to sit with his legs cross in front of him.
Oh how they reacted. And not just John either. What about Mrs. Hudson, Greg, or Molly? Each one of them was hurt by Sherlock’s loss. Each one grieved, were still grieving in fact.
On the coffee table was a half-drunk glass of ice water, though by now the cubes had melted into nearly invisible slivers. Condensation dotted the glass’s surface, the beads growing fat before succumbing to their own weight and rolling down its length, collecting in a puddle at the base. Beside it, sat
Chuckling into his tea cup, John downed the last drop. It was only after the cup hitting the saucer was a little too resonating in the room that the doctor noted Martha had gone quiet.
“I never kept one.” Sherlock disclosed, sounding more at ease himself. “Not in the archetypal form anyway. More like, events recorded and stored in my mind. As I grew older I was able to keep the details crisper.”
Over the next hour or so John worked his way through The Empty Hearse, hoping to find anything more definite.
“Yeah…as would I.” John frowned up at him, not understanding at all where Sherlock was going with all of this but knowing fully well what
The thought of contacting the hotel crossed his mind but was soon ruled out. Firstly, if John’s German was bad, his French was abysmal. Secondly, there was no way they’d give him personal information about a guest just because someone “called” him, regardless of the circumstance.
He gathered the files and notes in the neatest stack he could and put some actual effort into trying to find the leak in the roof, pursuing a shadowy
Sherlock would have seen right through any story John had tried to string together like that. He was apparently a terrible liar according to the detective. Very obvious tells.
He watched the curtains gently dancing against the windowpane, finding them rather hypnotic. Combined with the active day walking around Durham, John’s focus on the curling fabric began to fuzz then fade altogether.
He didn’t have long to wait for perhaps a half second later there was another sound. Like an inaudible voice. The words were quick and garbled but the tone was unmistakably irritated.
“Great. So why don’t I pop over round 7:30 after I’m off here. We’ll watch a match. Or not. We could…Net
Something shrill and eager flared in John’s stomach as his thumb hovered over the bold blue text. He glanced up a moment from his phone, taking in his surroundings. Besides him, there was an elderly woman sitting by one of the large front windows, taking advantage of the late afternoon light as her bespectacled nose was buried in what looked like a romance novel. At least John assumed so based sheerly on the cover depicting a half-naked woman swooning over an equally half-naked man who appeared to be artfully lashed to the mast of a boat.
“Oh! Before I forget.” He fished his wallet out, plucking several notes from it and passing them to John across the desk.
John had just plunked his toothbrush in the small plastic cup on the bathroom sink and was baring his teeth at the mirror when the en suite door to Sherlock’s bedroom caught his attention. Nothing but darkness from beyond the clouded panes of yellowed glass.
After all that, they lay entangled together on the sofa, sated and fighting off the siren song of sleep.
about something. Next, there’s the neurotic checking of his phone.” Sherlock mentioned, Tiryaki glance over and narrowed his gaze as they both watched the jockey dig something out of his pocket. The young man raised it halfway up to his face, thumb swiping over what appeared to be a small mobile.
Finally these knuckleheads are making some tentative progress! I've been dying to get to that final conversation for
“It?” He asked, mesmerized by Sherlock’s soft flush lips in such close proximity, the bottom one pursed slightly. John absently licked over his own as he watched them move, shaping over the single word Sherlock replied with:
Why he could almost hear where John would be puttering in the kitchen, fixing them both a stiff drink to warm them up. Tumblers clanking against the countertop, the squeak of a cap being twisted from a bottle followed by the soft
.” Replied a deep slightly bored voice from over the doctor’s shoulder. John twisted round to see Sherlock standing a few inches away, hands in his trouser pockets. Sherlock regarded him briefly, his eyes traveling down from John’s face to the cup resting on his thigh, which he promptly stole. John made only a halfhearted attempt stop him.
“Right, of course.” He was very tempted to point out the fact that to palate something, one was actually required to
“I wouldn’t know. University parties and I had a mutual avoidance of one another.” Sherlock returned coolly.
The sight of Sherlock’s cock, flushed and lightly shining at the tip where it crowned from slightly paler foreskin made his mouth flood and John’s own length ache with sympathy. He absently took himself in hand for a few tender strokes while Sherlock loomed—the addition of the antlers it making him appear an even taller and statelier figure.
Never in all his time knowing him, had John ever heard Mycroft Holmes utter the word please before. To
“Far more interesting.” Sherlock agreed thoughtfully. “You’ve seen enough of them John; the average criminal is rarely bright let alone creative. Robberies themselves are formulaic. Break into something, steal something, get out, don’t get caught. Usually anything worth my time revolves around the act itself rather than what’s been stolen.  Top secret documents, a priceless painting, some big blue gem…valuable to most but not me. What I value is the
Lucy’s fingers were curled gently into the fabric of Anderson’s sweater, pulling him closer, while Philip had one hand raised with the barest of touches at the woman’s jaw as their lips met in a chaste but tender kiss.
getting in through the old dumbwaiter.” Sherlock chided right back, which made John giggle even harder while he poured a healthy portion of the Marsala along with some chicken stock into the pan. The liquid bubbled and swirled as he stirred, deglazing all the good brown bits from the bottom.
The doctor sighed as he wound a few strands of spaghetti in his Pasta Bolognese gradually around his fork. He had stopped for dinner at Bella Italia, a small Italian restaurant a short walk from Durham Castle. It had a charming homey atmosphere and John’s mouth had started to water as soon as he came within sniffing range on the street. He tried very hard to ignore how it reminded him of Angelo’s.
He’d been staring at—or more like staring through—a calendar on the wall near the reception desk. Something about July’s image: a shot taken from the edge of some beach of smooth creamy sand, large cresting waves and the tiny specks of surfers riding them filled the horizon line. The depicted sky just beginning the transition from late afternoon to dusk as one lone surfer in the foreground walked towards the sea, board tucked under his arm and skin tanned where it peaked out of his wetsuit from countless hours out on the water. Maybe it was the man’s tall sinewy figure, maybe it was the damp but subtle wave to his sun-bleached hair…it had reminded him so much of—
, placing his small case on the ground and draping the suit bag partially over the counter. From his back pocket he produced a leather wallet (
Preferring to be alone. Keeping everyone close to him at arm’s length. Barely cognizant to the weight of his actions—no…no Sherlock was more aware than that. A man who could read someone’s life story from the scars on their hands to the perfume they wore knows how people think. How to make them react how he needed them to…
John started with Lestrade—the divorce, him being put on probation for a solid two months with NSY while his higher-ups investigated his involvement with Sherlock. Then onto Anderson’s resignation and subsequent plunge into bearded obsession.
for that matter. And while John had an inkling the answer Sherlock would give him, if any, would be vague and frustratingly non-committal, now just didn’t feel like the right time to bridge it.
“Not terribly hard if you’ve seen how well he handles an investigation.” The detective muttered nonchalantly, earning another blustering laugh from Collins to the point where the healthy flesh of his cheeks matched the flushed red of the rest. Greg barked a token ‘
It was mid-August, nearly a month since he’d received the damn thing from Mycroft and the phone hadn’t made a peep till now.
“I don’t know about your year…but mine was pretty rubbish. Well…” He caught himself, smiled jadedly. “…the middle and end of it was.”
In light of recent—discoveries, John’s opinion of the detective sergeant had improved to something a touch less detestable then what it used to be. There was still the matter of Sally diving at the chance to throw Sherlock under the bus with the tailored evidence Moriarty provided—which as far as John knew was
“So what’s for dinner?” Sherlock asked abruptly, giving John pause as he inserted his chip card into the reader. A small lump threatened to knot itself in his throat, the shade of a conversation long since passed. There and gone in the space of two swallows.
Blindly, he reached his hands out, finding Sherlock’s bare forearms, the sleeves of his dress shirt rolled roughly up to the elbows.
list. His eyes drifted slowly over each entry, over the numbers, over the locations, not exactly sure what he was hoping to see. Like something would magically appear to him now that hadn’t a few minutes ago.
“Here you are Monsieur, room 473, fourth floor, enjoy your stay.” Sherlock rattled off quickly, sliding a printed copy of his registration info—a single occupancy, booked only for tonight
“You smell fantastic.” John murmured into the detective’s hair, winding his arms loosely around his neck.
WARNING: I make mention of a corpse, not overly detailed but it could be triggering. You'll find it after the second section cut.
“I’m savoring it while I can.” He continued sourly. “I suppose it’s the nicer of the one’s I’ve occupied previously if you account for the actual clean bedding. I wouldn’t dare call them beds though. More like bunks.
“Nothing a few hours rest won’t fix. Terrible habit I picked up from someone; sleeping when need be.”
…I can’t say I’m entirely surprised. You did tend to write up our more unusual cases rather quickly. And with a greater dose of your customary
Perhaps the only legitimate factor was the room had in fact been paid through the weekend, though John checked out that Saturday afternoon. He was also a little shocked to find a ticket back to London waiting for him at the train station.
Lou grunted in reply, barely giving her a glance as she headed out. A moment later he inverted his phone, sliding out a keyboard and began typing.
Her concern wasn’t exactly unjustified. For all intents and purposes, he was sleeping in his flatmate’s bed. Correction—his
John’s lips pursed, a bit bewildered at the sudden interest in his mattress. He shot a glance down to his bare legs along the length of the sofa, flexing his toes.  “Uh, yeah a bit I guess.” Not to mention the fact that he wasn’t currently
“Too much?” John released himself, letting one hand fall to his stomach and the other to the side, knuckles lightly brushing against the soft skin above Sherlock’s knee. After a moment of getting his bearings, Sherlock gave a faint nod.
Like any veteran hotel-stayer John went about investigating the rest of the room, peering into drawers, picking up the phone sitting on a side table next to the bed and listening for the dial tone—which there was, opening the singular drawer of said side table to find a bible, which to him instantly called to mind the song
Which is kinda funny in context to Sherlock's questioning on who the hell that is (despite him just not knowing names), because technically...that name doesn't exist.
“You alright?” John asked, rousing himself up from the tendrils of drowsiness. Sherlock did sound tired. He hadn’t heard it to this extreme since Durham when the detective had fallen asleep on him.
When he deserted John’s front to coast his hands down his sides, the doctor was left breathless, leaning heavily forward while he recovered. John hadn’t realized he’d been squeezing at the fine silk shirt beneath his hands until he unfurled them, pressing clammy palms over the distinct plains of Sherlock’s shoulder blades as he straightened up.
Taking another nip of eggnog, John began recounting about Mr. Henry Andrew, age sixty-two, found strangled in his kitchen with obvious signs of a brake in though nothing was stolen. Mrs. Patricia Andrew, Henry’s wife, age fifty-four claimed she was having coffee in a local shop when the break in occurred. A rather open and shut case of a burglary gone wrong.
“Right so…” Sherlock cleared his throat, relaxing in an attempt to get some iota of comfort. “Short version, not dead.”
They then played a clip of Dufort being escorted from the steps of the Palais de Justice while being swarmed by press as he was taken towards an awaiting police car. The clip ended just as Nicolas was made to duck to get into the back seat, his face grim, the same “
“Oh good John, you’re awake!” Mrs. Hudson hailed from where she stood by the center table in the kitchen, a mug in her hand. She was bundled up tightly in a thick plum coat over her housedress and offered John a thankful smile passed the faux fur trim of the hood. It nearly swallowed her head where it rested on her shoulders. “Come warm yourself up dear. I’ve made coffee.”
I also had a lot of fun researching Durham. I’d like to go there one day me thinks. Seems like a wonderful place. If you haven't looked it up, dooooo it.
It had taken a very long time and a lot of soul searching for him to be a more open man, but there were still some things he couldn’t quite verbalize yet. Maybe never would.
Abandoning the option of a lie-in in favor of a cuppa and a pain-reliever, John threw off his covers and slipped on his robe against the early morning chill, however plodding barefoot downstairs into the quiet main of the flat.
“It was the only way I could beat him.” Sherlock replied with such a familiar finality, John could almost imagine looking down to see him sitting at the small kitchen table. Peering unflappably back over his microscope for a beat before retracting his attention. Washing his hands of their discussion with the flick of his gaze.
That garnered a response from Sherlock and John felt a flare of relief as the detective looked down at him with a laxer gaze and the makings of a smile.
Perhaps it was the exhaustion finally taking its toll. Perhaps it was the relentless piling of these days, these months, like weights on his shoulders and the permission to let them drop. Whatever it was, John buried his face and purged himself until his eyes stopped clenching shut and his breathing began to ease.
“Collectively.” Mycroft amended proudly, his oily smile widening as Sherlock’s face fell and the younger Holmes quickly turned his focus back to the hearth to stare sullenly at the flames.
. To sitting here and devoting one more modicum of consideration to the little plastic bag filled ¼’s of the way with chalky white powder by him.
“The compulsiveness says he’s eager for contact, could be a close friend or family member in hospital, hence the loss of sleep, but then why not just ring for an update? No. Whoever he’s hoping to hear from, he can’t simply contact himself.
“Uh—good question…” John backpedaled, crossing his arms over his chest in thought. “Great question…” He stalled.
Mrs. Hudson waved it off and scrunched her nose. She took a seat on the sofa and proceeded to unwrap and re-plate the sandwiches, setting each out next to a cup of tea. When everything was in place to her liking she patted the space next to her.
It was a terrible cliché—considering the theme of their roleplay this evening—but John felt a bit like a deer in headlights staring up at him. Even more so since Sherlock was still in his suit trousers and John was laid bare (
There was a habitual relish he felt in doing battle with the daily puzzle but today it was barely holding his attention. His mind kept stalling, zoning out to nothing in particular.
This was the fourth unknown call he’d received, the third was about two weeks before Christmas while he was traveling home from work and John had answered it without even looking at the screen. For some reason the quiet on the other end, every so often popping with static, made him suddenly see red.
and a very juicy tidbit about the Prime Minister’s plans to reduce funds going toward national defenses.
Work was about the only place he could set aside himself and concentrate on something else. Where John could quiet that hankering to tear himself and anyone else apart.
Digging for another pistachio from the mixed bowl, John cracked the shell to free the little salty green gem inside. He’d just popped it into his mouth and turned his eyes back to the television when a voice to his left sliced through the ongoing murmur around him like an arrow.
John looked over to her, furrowing his brow thoughtfully. “And your first stop was volunteering at a homeless shelter?”
Complying, John pulled at the little switch on the door’s armrest, shutting it with a gentle buzz and creating a remarkably silent pocket within the cabin. Though he could feel the recirculated air flowing, John couldn’t hear it. Nor the engine running for that matter save for a minute vibration underneath him. John suspected it might be a short conversation since the car was left on. Mycroft didn’t seem like a man to waste petrol with idling.
“Fine. Look…I want to make one thing clear here.” John took a lean against the counter at his back, addressing the room for lack of a person. “This is not—this not me forgiving you. This is not me trying to reconcile. You wanted a chance to explain so…explain.”
“The truth is…” He grimaced, though whether that was from the subject matter or the large mouthful of pickle going down Greg’s throat, John wasn’t sure.
Besides teaching the fundamentals and a repertoire of dishes, Mrs. Watson also impressed on John the satisfaction found in the process. That it wasn’t just about the final product, but each step along the way. So, while John’s sinuses were gummed up and his eyes had an acrid burn when he closed them any longer than a few seconds, he felt…content.
“Oh you’d like that wouldn’t you? Snipping the line when you don’t have to look me in the eye. Not surprising. Dictating from your ivory tower
“Funny, I usually just find pencils and loose change under there.” John pursed his lips, puzzled and amused while Sherlock upended the bottle and squeezed a generous spurt of lube into a cupped palm.
John skipped over most of those; though he did find the one about a female drug smuggler outed by a ‘
“And you know this how?” The other man inquired, just on the right side of amused for Sherlock’s purposes. He couldn’t have asked for a better lead-in.
—just—” Whatever he’d been attempting to convey dissolved into a low, choked whine as the broad pad of a fingertip located the gland, glancing by it. Sherlock kept to the outskirts, petting carefully around the smooth bulge but not rubbing it directly.
“Am I?” The detective remarked absently. His eyes looked nearly aquamarine in the warm, casual lighting of Lestrade’s flat. John watched as they flitted here and there before narrowing sharply.
From the bag, the doctor produced two cans of soda, a lidded styrofoam cup containing a few pickle spears and a small bag of crisps—an impulse grab—for them to share, which he wrestled open and dumped out mostly on an unfolded napkin.
“I still say we should have kept one.” Sherlock lamented. “I could have taught it how to retrieve things for me and open rudimentary locks. Did you know on the mammalian IQ scale, raccoons rank higher than cats and just below monkeys?”
Sherlock pressed on with a heavy sigh, markedly choosing to ignore John’s rebuke. “There were certain
. Calm with a poise indicative of years of training and discipline. But set him in front of stove and a cutting board with a meal in mind and John
He had to. All of this, every step, every encounter, every day had to be worth the price of the life he abandoned to keep it safe.
Driving his chopsticks into his dinner, John muted the television and picked up his mobile, glancing at the screen. Not only was it an unknown number but a long string of digits he didn’t recognize the configuration of. With furrowed brow he accepted the call.
"Deal." John let his eyes slide shut. "Just give me a few minutes. I don't think I could even manage an army crawl at the mo."
Leave it to Mycroft to be so insipid. As if just being in the proximity of drugs meant Sherlock would instantly relapse. Though it wouldn’t be the first time his brother assumed the worst of him without any
If Sarah’s grimacing smile was any clue, she took the answer at face value and decided not to push him for any more details.
John suddenly thought back to that night in Durham. Sherlock’s complexion had been darker then he’d ever seen it, hair lighter, shaggier, and his body thinner but
As John tapped the number and redialed it, he stood from his seat at the makeshift desk of a dining table, unable to stay idle. He paced between his chair and the kitchen doorway, half expecting for the call to ring indefinitely. Not that he was particularly sure of what he planned to say if someone did ans—
John left the bright, impressively stocked Majestic Wine with a decently priced Marsala. Sherlock had recommend a wine in the middle range, with a light sweetness and a smooth finish John could drink if he so chose to. Which he just might, considering he’d spent a whopping fifteen minutes while Sherlock critiqued nearly every
“Ah here you are Dr. Watson. Room 42. Upstairs and to the left” The young woman announced, turning back to a large wall of keys she plucked the corresponding one off and slid it across the countertop to him. “Do you need someone to take up your bag sir?” She was obviously referring to her desk mate and quite honestly neither he nor John wanted him handling his bag.
And when it came to the fridge, he’d taken no prisoners. Clearing and scrubbing it until John had reached one of the bottom crisper drawers and found a baggy of human pinkies in the far back corner, buried under a sack of onions.
“Oh god, love. Don’t stop, please don’t stop,” He pleaded, the skin of Sherlock’s back denting under his fingertips. Stars flashed behind his eyelids as Sherlock skimmed passed his prostate, sinking steadily inwards until bottoming out with a broken groan across the doctor’s ear. Lean arms wrapped around him, a hand coming up to cradle the back of his neck, the other tucking between the floor and John’s scarred shoulder.
The reserved room was far nicer than John expected. Though…the pale creamy colored wallpaper with dainty pink and yellow flowers and delicate swirling vines left a little to be desired. Luckily it only ran halfway down the wall where it met with a simple chestnut-stained wood paneling, the same color as the floorboards.
It was such a trivial question to get thrown by, but John found he didn’t have an answer right away. What was a good color for behaving like a crazy person? Sherlock always used—
There was an eager vibrancy in his eyes, however. One that John recognized as Sherlock being intrigued by what he deemed to be a worthy challenge. And the doctor had to confess, it was a rather heady thing having it aimed so acutely at him.
He’d forgotten just how wonderfully chaotic Turkey was in some areas, almost claustrophobic, its streets churning like veins ready to absorb you into the flow. A bit like London in ways. In all his travels thus far, Sherlock had preferred the assignments that planted him in major cities. He found the thrall familiar, the grit comforting.
John opened his mouth. Then closed it. Then opened it again. He’d gone out for drinks before with some of the other staff members, nice enough folk. A good (sometimes
, a box of even cheaper tea—far better stuff to be found in the hotel’s kitchen, and a stack of styrofoam cups.
that it could easily be extended. John had no choice but to cap his steaming temper and leave, not wanting to get himself essentially sacked. And wouldn’t that be something? Fired for working too much.
When John peered over his shoulder, Sherlock had his eyes cast downward at some undefined spot on the rug beneath the coffee table. He had marked peacefulness about him and as if sensing John was watching him, glanced up from the corners of his eyes. As their gaze met, the corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitched faintly and John smiled lopsidedly in return.
John’s heart rocketed into his throat as he heard a soft growl shortly after and the call quickly disconnected.
Sherlock’s gamble at the track that day with Mahir had paid off for them both. Though in distinctly different ways. Tiryaki had continued to humor him, inquiring which horses he
Q: Who just bought a new flat screen telly even though his wife has been nagging him for months for a new washer?
Not much of a secret at all, no. But stealing a kiss in brief moment of private with Sherlock didn’t feel like it had with previous girlfriends—him being a man aside. It felt more indulgent, headier, like he was tapping into something previously dormant. Something John had only scratched the surface of but could now sink down in and lose himself. Till the entire room, hell, the world coalesced into nothing but his lips on Sherlock’s, on the slow or needy roaming of hands, or the entwining of fingers, on their bodies pressed together or separated by a mere inch or two where John could
Optimally he needed to be in two places at once. Something easily accomplished if the detective had only—
Seemingly undeterred by John’s unresponsiveness, Sherlock continued, sucking in short grounding breath. “I believe according to social etiquette an apology is in order. Though…considering everything that’s happened up till now, ‘I’m sorry’ seems grossly inadequate. And unwelcome—I imagine. At this point...” He trailed off.
With a satisfied hum Sherlock sprung off the door, vigorously rubbing his hands together as he walked to a small desk in the corner, its surface clear but for a phone, cheap coffee machine
“Planning to join me?” John inquired after a beat, purposefully sounding preoccupied as he entered his pin number into the keypad. “Not going to spring out of a bargain bin are you?”
“I am a grown man Mrs. H. I can take care of myself.” John huffed into his drink, the steam felt marvelous as it blew up into his face. “Believe it or not, other people even look to me to take care of them.”
“What’s worse John…” The detective rumbled suddenly, bright eyes flicking up to meet his with a scrutiny piercing enough that John felt it raise the hairs on the back of his neck. “…that I didn’t know. Or that I
) though parliament had done him no favors as he was going a little soft round the middle and flanks. His movements held the languidness of a body still swimming with Oxytocin, heavy and loose as Nicolas proceeded to crawl into the bed, prowling towards Gage...
(or at least one whole egg and two egg whites. You can do three whites if you’re trying to cut down on the cholesterol.)
Stalling, the doctor looked down at his blunt fingers wrapped around the can. He could feel Greg watching him carefully and John hoped it appeared like he was mulling over this new piece of information. Which he was, in a way. Just not the way the Greg probably assumed.
and wobble. Reaching for a fat pickle spear, the DI bit in nearly in half. He considered John for a moment while he chewed loudly.
Giving his palm a thrilled peck, Sherlock released his hand, budging up till his knees knocked into John’s. “Splendid. But first, we need to shed this
“Git.” John laughed breathily, his eyes drifting closed with a thrill of anticipation as those fingers slithered higher, over his ribs and onward towards his chest, his nipples starting to tighten—which was why John was wholly unprepared for the slick point of Sherlock’s tongue as it traced along one side of his navel.
So remarkable it was at that point John began noticing a suspicious pattern between the eateries Sherlock
Sherlock gave an offended scoff. “For god sakes, it’s getting impossible to keep track with all these archaic time zone changes! Why the hell do they
John recognized ‘no’, ‘German’, and ‘you’ from that response. Oh if only his sixth form German teacher, Frau Kaestner could see him now, she’d be sorely disappointed.
“…It’s merely a waste of your time and I’ve better use for your energies elsewhere. We’ve received intelligence of two major connections in Morocco and several more possibly in Libya that I’d like you to investigate. I can have you heading to the former within the next hour.”
“It’s just an hour or two.” The doctor reasoned quietly, though John highly doubted anyone could hear them from above, even without the music. “Besides, you know most of these people.” He added with a little shrug, pulling off his gloves and stuffing them in his coat pockets.
Philip threw one last dejected glance toward Lestrade then beat a hasty retreat. He paused a second in the doorway to mutter a scant: “John” in greeting and goodbye before eking past the doctor and into the hall. John turned to watch him practically scurry away, his head downcast, avoiding eye contact with anyone and whatever Anderson had in the folder clutched protectively to his chest.
John admired her for a moment with a quiet respect, albeit also with a small dose of wonder as Martha filled the pair of teacups with dark rich looking tea.
John could almost hear Sherlock warning him about falling asleep in his chair. How it would do a number on his back and neck. Adding with questionable sincerity that he’d be completely useless to the detective then.
“So, what are you up to that you can’t tell me about?” He tried on the way to the meat and poultry section.
Fighting back another blush, John averted his gaze for a spell, watching the newest arrival—a couple, their fingers laced between them as they made their way to the counter. His eyes then swept over the room, finding the two Uni students now furiously taking notes over a second round of drinks while the older woman with the romance novel had vanished, a young man with a laptop and an absurdly big cup now in her place. He was staring at his screen with a fervent sort of focus, fingers soaring over the keyboard as he typed.
“There you are Benoît.” The on-duty manager practically groaned in relief as he saw Sherlock striding towards them. When the detective arrived, he was met with a desperately hopeful look from him and a wonderfully odious glare from Mme…
(Beef stock is great too for a change up. Vegetable stock is also fine, I just prefer a bit more meaty flavor in there.)
He’d dropped off quickly the night before—a rarity when he wasn’t done-in from working. And while the low classical music did a marvelous job lulling him to sleep, it didn’t
“Before you ask…” Greg sighed resignedly, drawing John’s focus back into the office as he gathered up a stack of papers Anderson had wrinkled under his hand. “
she. The detective gave little in way of a reaction, completely fixated on the doors. His excitement was short-lived however when all that exited was the on-duty manager, offering Sherlock a nod and a weedy smile as the man made his rounds, heading towards the coat check room.
The faux fur material was so much softer then he’d remembered it being, almost silky under his fingertips. He had an arresting curiosity as to what they would feel like against his face, or his neck, what they might feel like trailing over his chest or stomach or—
Mrs. Hudson retrieved her own mug, wrapping her fingers—bare save for a pair of royal blue fingerless gloves around the worn porcelain. “I’m just at my wits end with the blasted thing.”
The doctor had learned however through his association with Sherlock that the best lies—besides having minimal details—always held a bit of truth in them.
As the doctor’s attention snapped back to him, looking decidedly disturbed, Sherlock began recounting on his fingers. “The first in October. The second in January, and the last three in May.” As he let his hand drop so did John’s stomach.
“Find Dimmock and alter the terms of your bet. Tell him want to double your previous wager that Anderson gets
’. All sorts of colorful things start to come up in conversation after the third or fourth round of shots.”
Scowling, he closed the browser window only to have the next thing to pop up on the screen be the mobile’s virtual notepad. Specifically a new note still in editing mode.
John averted his gaze to the rolled up linen compress, long gone cold on his empty plate and swallowed thickly, breathing shallower to remain smooth.
—should I be prepared?” John managed to rasp out, aiming a coy smile at Sherlock even while his eyes watered round the edges. Sherlock looked predatorial the way he was reclined, the sleek lines and sharp creases of his dark suit, the gracefulness and subtle power of his limbs. Like a ruddy panther with
John leaned into the gentle caress with a gasp, tightening his arms around Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock, in turn, kept his touch achingly light, carefully stoking the sensation until each bud pearled. He then pressed them down under the pads of his thumbs and John let out a quite undignified noise into his hair.
Frankly, Sherlock never did develop a palate for hard liquor. Not that he believed he was missing out for it. If anything alcoholic ever did pass his lips it was generally wine. Very old or very expensive. Preferably both.
Most packages of any size—unless verbally cleared by him—were thoroughly scanned before they even came within radius of him, let alone the same room. And none save for mail from his immediate family was ever sent to
John found himself a little giddy in anticipation. The sleeves of his green button down crammed up to his elbows, tea towel slung over one shoulder, spatula in one hand and spreading a generous pinch salt with the other.
John scarcely felt self-conscious about being nude in front of Sherlock these days. Not like he had in the tender starts of their intimacy before Sherlock had
The DI’s eyes went heavy as soon as the pungent scent wafted its way across his desk and hooted eagerly as John handed it off to him. Lestrade had started picking at the edge of tape sealing the sandwich up when he stopped suddenly, peering sternly over at John. “This is plain rye right?”
These people who’d trusted him, who’d saw something greater in him that few bothered to see. People that supported Sherlock through good and bad. People who were proud of him. People who
“Hello?” The sudden voice on the other end sent the same lurch through Sherlock’s gut. He stopped his instinct to respond, his mouth opening then quickly shutting. It wouldn’t matter if he did anyway, with the mute engaged John was hearing nothing but silence from his end.
As the pills dragged their way down his gullet, he looked at the face reflected in the mirror, finding it almost foreign. He struggled to recall the last time he took a good look at himself, and not in the midst of concentrating on something else like brushing his teeth or shaving.
John shifted his hands behind his back, resisting the urge to bury himself in the floor as she turned her attention to the page, running her finger downwards.
Mary looked a second away from inquiring about his choice of phrasing when John dismissed it with a shake of his head. Luckily she seemed to take the hint and sighed. “I hope so. Took bloody ages to get them to see me. You wouldn’t believe what it’s like out here. Everything local is either at capacity or you have to be someone’s sodding mate to even get a second look. It’s all…
. Still, John doubted what he had to say would have changed anything. Sherlock was a hard man to connect to most times. But at least he would have known what John thought of him. What he meant to him.
But maybe in roleplaying this scenario, it wasn’t just about John needing to get a biological leg over, to put it kindly. Maybe Sherlock desired, even if was at a subconscious level, to be accepted. That above
“Tha—” His finger jammed down on the hold button, dropping the receiver unceremoniously back in its cradle.
“Oh I remember. I had a hell of a time trying to convince the police not to arrest you too until Lestrade showed up. And even then he wouldn’t let you in his car.”
John narrowed his eyes at it questionably. The cloth was lightly steaming, held close enough that he could actually feel the heat gently emitting from it.
Four pushpins and a lot of smoothing later, John had the map spread over the black and grey floral wallpaper, admiring it for a second or two before scavenging for several more pins from a drawer in the kitchen.
And there it was…pure, perfect. As priceless and beautiful as a hand-made instrument or a century old painting. That little bag wasn’t just a masterwork of chemical craftsmanship it was an entrance. A doorway to everything he buried years ago and spent every day afterwards denying. How stupid he’d been to think he could get this close and not
) trip back to Baker Street, Sherlock had regaled him with how he went about catching the thieving employee—male, mid-thirties, two cats and a growing gambling debit based on the sheer amount of crumpled stubs littering the passenger floor of his dented Vauxhall Corsa— “Why is it
.” Sherlock shot back defensively in his ear and John couldn’t stop a loud snort from escaping him. It caught the attention of the employee at his side, the girl regarding him curiously. John gave her a stiff but pleasant smile before the doctor put some distance between them by heading towards the mushrooms.
Wanting to make him real so he could memorize the exact engagements of muscle for all of John’s various expressions. Chart the growth patterns of stubble around his mouth and along his jaw at different times of the day. Learn the architecture of alar crease and ala nasi of John’s nose, of the philtrum just above his upper lip.
everyone.” John redacted, smiling a little despite himself. “And while that might be all well and good when it comes to solving cases, when it comes to people who—who care about you. Sherlock, you can’t leave them in the dark and expect them to be fine with it. It doesn’t work like that.
“She offered up the name Denise…or was it Darcy?” Sherlock interrupted himself to ponder.  “Debbie?—oh it was
Casting his gaze to his lap, Mycroft took deep breath, his jaw firming. All the while John glared, morbidly curious as to what leverage would be used against him. His job at the clinic? The flat? Mycroft knew better by now than to threaten Mrs. Hudson.
uninvited, the fact that Sherlock recognized as much was encouraging. John’s chin sunk downward, taking in the blue, grey, and white plaid pattern of his boxers. He was still at a loss for a reply when Sherlock was suddenly talking again, the detective’s voice tight and a little frustrated.
.” He gestured to the flat in general, a weariness falling over him. John’s eyes briefly went to the empty leather chair before skittering away to the slowly dying fire in the hearth.
Granted, after the hour or so he spent huddled in the bathroom, John had exited so mentally and emotionally exhausted he’d switched to autopilot. His only goal then was to go to sleep and he very well could have closed the window without knowing it.
Frankly the idea of someone other than Sherlock living there, regardless of how sensible it was financially, was almost as disturbing to John as Sherlock not being there in the first place. Ridiculously possessive as that may be.
It was only as he heard the light tap of kitten heels coming up the stairs that John remembered the state of his face.
There was a soft jingling of metal on metal near his left ear and John looked up to see Sherlock standing inches away and holding his small ring of keys between two gloved fingers.
“Who?” Came another voice from the first. Both male, young, a few shots in and already slumping far out of the personal space of their barstools.
It was that or drinking. Though that sort of drinking usually involved stronger spirits. What he was doing currently was merely a plaster in comparison.
Before John could counter with anything, Sherlock went on to tell him how he and Lucy had struck up a nice little chat. Namely about a necklace she wore, nearly completely hidden by the collar of her—according to him—‘
Though he was categorically livid, John wasn’t about to possibly put Sherlock’s life in danger for the sake of gossip or therapy or revenge or whatever petty thing Mycroft was probably assuming of him.
Realizing he was gawking, John cleared his throat and promptly shifted his attention to Lestrade. Philip meanwhile dropped his owlish gaze to where the floor met the desk, looking for all the world like he wanted to crawl underneath it. He wasn’t alone in the sentiment; John had the distinct urge to do an about-face himself and leave.
Coughing a little Greg pointed his bottle at him. “I didn’t hear that.” He took another swig around his laughter. “But I’ll keep it in mind.”
“Well...” Greg admitted, looking off into the room with another shrug. “she’s just worried about ya.”
.” He scoffed a little. “But I used to um—god I can’t believe I’m admitting this, but, I used to write these little stories. Horror, fantasy, sci-fi, anything that wasn’t reality. Real life was just too…”
’?” Sherlock challenged unflappably, though John spotted the telltale splash of pink forming at the tips of his real ears.
was coming up. The line remained silent as the DI dipped his head, breathing loudly from his nose. “Sorry.”
to be there. Maybe it was a touch selfish, but cooking was something he got to have with their mum all to himself.
He bent over, snaking a long arm into the dark recess between the desk and the wall, feeling for the sleek laptop he had tucked away there earlier. He drew it out, careful not to jostle the power cord and have the computer revert to standby while still recording the stream from Gage’s room. He set it down on the desk and grabbed a nearby rolling chair, swirling round to face the laptop.
There was a few seconds of shared bewilderment; John attempting to school his disbelief had probably failed miserably. It wasn’t due to having Philip in front of him after so long per say, but the sheer
It was two days later as Sherlock waited in the Charles de Gaulle airport for his plane to begin boarding that he saw the newsflash on one of the large wall-mounted televisions. The volume was too low for him to hear the anchor speaking but the headline beneath her was plenty to go by:
smitten. What you’ve failed to observe John is he’s not the only one.” Sherlock stated cryptically, evidently relishing the look of perplexity John wore by his own spreading grin. He craned his head down, soft dry lips ghosting alongside the doctor’s ear to whisper. “There…plastered to that doorframe.” Sherlock nodded to their collective right.
John had hesitated even adding it to their dinner selection that night. He hadn’t ordered from there since last spring and felt more than a bit apprehensive about using a perk that really wasn’t his to use anymore.
Sorry this took so long to update. I ended up reworking the story arch twice until I had something that felt right and made sense. Not to mention this chapter turned out to be a bit of a buggaboo. More complex then it probably looks. But I hope the wait was worth it.
John pursed his lips, peering up at the mantle, his attention stopping on the skull observing over them. “I do…and if you put that—fucking poison in your veins you’re gonna prove me right.” He replied with a grave countenance at the detective.
“Have I?” John sat back in his chair, crossing his arms in an attempt of aloofness. Mary laughed softly, a toothy grin spreading across her face. He shrugged. “Just had good evening last night. Seems to be carrying over.”
John strode up to Exam 7, plucking the medical file out of the holder attached to the back of the door. Flipping the folder open, he took a quick perusal of its contents—female, late thirties, hand injury, first time patient at this clinic—which meant no prior medical records on file. He gave a warning knock on the door and waited his customary three or four seconds before opening it.
While the last of his words crackled in the air, Sherlock fixed her with a reproachful smirk. A silent invitation for rebuttal. He suspected however by the aghast look on Mme. B-Something’s blanched face, her lower lip trembling as it gaped, rumpled tissue still hovering by her owlish eyes; that none would be coming.
after everything with Sherlock. I don’t know, I think the guilt finally got to him or something. Just before he got sacked, Philip started getting all
Greg had texted him earlier that afternoon about grabbing some lunch together from a little hole in the wall deli just a ways down from the Yard. The only hitch being, Lestrade wasn’t able to leave his office so if John was willing to come down and pick it up, he’d in turn cover the entire bill. Not being one to turn down a free lunch for a bit of legwork, John agreed.
. Instead of just anger, he felt something else welling up inside him. And that hurt too. It ached. It swelled behind his ribs and pressed against his lungs, crushing the air out of them. His shallow breathing no longer helping.
Without a second thought, John had carefully folded the bag up and tucked it back into the corner where he unearthed it.
Then again Sherlock recalled plenty of instances where John took guilty pleasure in witnessing one of his deductive dressing-downs. The doctor fighting a grin or disguising a laugh in the bark of a cough. Then fixing Sherlock with a reproachful look before both of them sniggled with laughter later on.
John collapsed onto the couch, shoes off and feet propped up on the coffee table, contemplating if he should start off with one finger of scotch or two.
. Anyone with a modicum of intelligence could operate a phone. Simple really. Press the right digits in the right order and lo and behold you’re making a call. However, what you
—right yeah. Let’s uh...” John trailed off and cleared his throat, taking the lead as he mounted the steps, perhaps a little quicker than necessary.
Despite being around so many people, residents and tourists alike, John couldn’t help but feel a lingering loneliness. He
Although Sherlock had particularly excelled at avoiding social norms, and personal space, oh and let’s not forget privacy or what was exactly appropriate to say to someone in a given situation. Perhaps he did respect John’s need sometimes to get away from him.
John keened, the nails of his other hand digging savagely into the poor threadbare carpet as Sherlock flicked and swirled at him, still penetrating him slowly but relentlessly. When Sherlock sealed his lips around the stiffening nub, shiny with his saliva and sucked it in, John went ridged. His chest raising upwards, another cry ringing out into the subdued atmosphere of their sitting room. He was barely aware of an antler against his cheek, the soft fur catching on a sticky glaze of sweat on his skin.
Turning it this way and that, Mycroft ran a thumb over the tight knot of twine then brought the package under his nose for a quick sniff or two.
“Excuse me.” He nodded, twisting on his heels and strutting towards a door off to the left, plain looking save for the small rectangular plaque stating: ‘
Six days ago Thomas Gage was sitting in Z Café on Rue de Châteaudun enjoying an apple turnover and complementary Wi-Fi when he sent an email from his mobile to a “Bugatti52” stating cryptically:
Scrubbing over the trackpad, the screen flashed to life prompting him with an alert box for a password. With a joyous spread of his fingers Sherlock quickly typed and unlocked the desktop, two minimized windows waiting for him on the taskbar.
Later would come tea if the detective remembered correctly. Which he did. Albeit such a trivial memory to keep stored when he was so quick to delete what was popularly considered ‘
“It’s just terribly inconvenient.” Sherlock mumbled, his reply dampened in spots by another loud smooshy interference against the mic.
As he glanced to his far left along the counter where his phone was charging near the sink, John was shocked to see its screen darkened and that the noise was actually coming from the
Now I will mention this isn’t the restaurant style of egg drop soup you might be used to, it's much thinner for starters, but it’s pretty damn good nonetheless. And again, it’s about the only thing I can get Sherlock to eat besides tea when he’s sick and that’s good enough for me.
Lugging his suitcase to the desk John was greeted by a very pleasant young woman and a very disinterested young man leaning up against a door marked ‘Employees Only’, puttering on his mobile phone.
The search results for ‘49 30 55502899’ were frustratingly inconclusive. It did lead John however to a wiki article that helped decipher part of the phone number. Based on the area code it came from Berlin. And, it was a landline.
“John!” Came a sudden call off to his right. John looked about before pinpointing Greg where he sat with several others around his coffee table. The DI waved for him to come over.
“Am I?” Came a deep, mildly unsure response from the other end, making John grin a little.  As what was becoming typical with these calls, Sherlock’s surroundings were stone silent. “What time is it there?”
John smoothed a hand down his side, like one would a riled animal. “You didn’t have to. We both know you wouldn’t give a toss if she was staring at yours. Or Greg’s or anyone else’s for that matter.
. We want those egg ribbons to cook undisturbed. This is the point where your ability to tune out harassment really comes in handy.
The two would meet discreetly every few months from hotel to hotel. The meetings themselves would happen seemingly at randomly and without much prior communication. Which made catching them in the act exceptionally difficult.
Also, that getting up and walking around trick when you’re trying and failing to fall asleep is an actual thing. Supposedly it helps your body try the whole “Ok I’m getting drowsy let’s go to bed” thing over again. I’ve done it on many a restless night.
from the center of the room. Guests began flicking at drinking glasses and tapping at their bottles, directing their applause to one corner of the living room.
Leaping at the invitation, John slipped his tongue into the hot confines of his mouth. Their tongues met with eager grace, running over teeth and gums. Dancing with each other under the veil of thick hungry kisses and John wondered briefly if they could survive with the current stock in the fridge so he might snog Sherlock till Boxing Day. While he imagined Sherlock would fair perfectly fine, John couldn’t see himself lasting more than a few days on buttered toast and a couple of slices of leftover meatloaf from Mrs. H.
He even overheard John throw it around once or twice with the gravity of an old salt warning about monsters at sea.
Sherlock. The same level of respect that I extend towards you. And that bloody well includes being open with each other.”
Sherlock stepped outside onto the pavement, taking a deep blissful breath of autumn air and city grime. Not the grime he favored filling his lungs with, but welcomed nevertheless. Pulling his coat closed around him, he plucked the name tag from his lapel and threw it over his shoulder, hearing it
Martha’s voice floating in from the kitchen broke John from his mental self-flagellation. “You like ham don’t you John?” There was the sound of thudding drawers and then the rush of water in the sink.
“Well you were.” She insisted, gazing at him fondly. Brimming herself with a bitter sweet sort of sadness. “You made him a better man.”
In the very center of the room sat a small LED lit Christmas tree, perhaps only a foot and a half in height on a wide glass coffee table. Several guests had gathered round it, taking up the available sitting space on Greg’s mismatched leather furniture.
“Right well, next time I decide to get arrested, we’ll coordinate.” John replied, his laughter edging on fraudulent. A quick glance at Lestrade showed he wasn’t as amused either.
“What I mean is...” John’s breath clouded as he made a hasty dig for his keys on the way to the front door, Sherlock following swiftly on his heels. “You could of left it all well enough alone. Left Philip alone. But you didn’t. You saw an opportunity to bring two people together—albeit in your usual, Machiavellian way.” John teased, the tips of his fingers beginning to tingle as he slid the correct key into the lock.
Letting out a quiet sigh of disappointment, the doctor placed a hand to his neck, angling his head to work out the stiffness.
“All that mattered was for me to correspond with whatever name Claudia supplied. She wasted no time in thanking me before bidding Anderson a
Regardless of the rough morning, his long talk with Sherlock had put him in a pleasant mood. While things between them were nowhere near sorted out, at the very least John felt like the detective was making a genuine effort.
So it's been a while...which I very much apologize for. This chapter turned out to be a bit of a beast and evolved into a lot more then I initially intended it to. But I've worked it and reworked it and I have stop or otherwise this story will never finish haha. I still have to read it through myself in its entirety, so if you notice anything that's off, that's why. I just had to get this up.
The other two occupants were a pair of Uni students going by the massive textbooks cracked open between them and their lively debate on what sounded like economics.
that he’d engaged in that semester that couldn’t exactly be considered extra credit. Though it would have made for one hell of a curriculum.
John placed his bag down and gripped his left hand several times, giving her a wide grin. “I’m checking in, should be a reservation under John Watson.”
I know zilch about football but did some quick research on google to find someone suggesting that John would be a Hibernian fan based on ACD being from Edinburgh, so I thought that was perfect. I based Lestrade liking Arsenal from an interview he did here: http://www.rupert-graves.com/media/mb032.html
The man grunted, sounding just about finished with the conversation. He sighed heavily then asked John something equally unclear.
’ made him quite a hit with his friends’ mums any time John was invited over for dinner. Admittedly, John rather liked the delighted look he’d received when he’d offer to help prep. That apparently followed him later in life when he had the opportunity to cook for dates at their homes—
The odd, drifty feeling of misplaced familiarity faded, something wistful swirling up in its wake and Sherlock followed it, letting his eyes slide closed.
As expected, Charlie Dimmock was over the moon to amend the terms of their bet. Though he did ask John not once but twice if he were absolutely sure. After John stated for the second time that he was in fact completely serious, Charlie gave a hearty—albeit high-pitched—laugh and almost sloshed his whisky sour to shake John’s hand in sealing the wager.
.’ Granted, Sherlock was pointedly silent whenever John praised him for making a connection, or spotting a clue, or being otherwise bloody brilliant.
John had set himself up for the night on the sofa with an anthology of mystery short stories, a pillow quashed behind his back and a thin sheet folded up at the opposite end. Doubtful that it would see use tonight.
Sherlock Holmes stood poised behind the front desk of the Maison Athénée endeavoring to maintain his sanity whilst the world on the other side endeavored to break it. A veritable battle of wits with the witless.
forums, but that seemed more like eavesdropping on him then something that let him actually talk to the detective.
As far as John was concerned it made sleeping in his bedroom a stifling and sticky nightmare even with a window open. For the better part of a week now he’d taken up residence in the sitting room, benefiting from the cross draft created by having the room’s two large windows and the one in the kitchen wide open at all times.
John’s vest went sailing soon after, landing like a white splash on the back of the sofa. As he clumsily undid the remaining buttons of Sherlock’s shirt amid kisses, John was more than thankful he didn’t have to try and wrestle it over his behorned head.
—No offense, but one can only take so much of you and Mrs. Turner under one roof.” He smirked along the rim of his mug, barely trying to lean out of the way as Martha gave a reproachful ‘
Another rented suit and a private car sent to a location the detective specified—a luxury apartment complex no one batted an eye to see him loitering outside of, found Sherlock at a posh restaurant in Beyoğlu.
Sherlock had been a touch dubious about actually trying it, but after giving the open bottle a curious sniff he wasted no time having a sip when John handed him the glass. He’d surprised John then by taking a second, larger swig and proclaiming he quite liked the hints of spicy butterscotch and dark chocolate.
John would have invited Mrs. H up for a bite, but by the time he’d finished his shift and made it back home, the landlady had turned in for the evening. At least John assumed so going by the lack of the telly blaring from her flat. He decided to bring her some leftovers tomorrow morning—a humble deposit against the mountain of meal-debt he’d accrued over his residency. Not that he amassed it
The detective hummed with a sort of agreeing revulsion. “Though I’m thankfully alone at the moment.”
Rolling with the new found momentum, the doctor grabbed his wallet and coat and escorted Mrs. Hudson back to her flat before thanking her again for lunch and…he faltered, glancing down at his shoes. He wasn’t too sure how to express how wonderful she was to let him unload like that. It had been ugly, exposing and unlike him. He hadn’t even cried that bad in front of Ella in their first session just after Sherlock died.
The entirety of the Lestrade’s sweater was knitted in a gaudy lime green and dotted here and there with delicate white snowflakes. Sitting at the bottom right, near his hip, was the giant disembodied head of a gleefully grinning elf complete with pointy hat and nose. While the garment was obviously store bought rather than handmade (
him. Feel the weight of him, the solidity of muscle, the softness of fat, the smoothness of skin, the tickle of fine hairs beneath his fingertips as he traced over John’s hands and face and throat—
As Sherlock clamored back over him, John lugged him down by the biceps as much as the man let himself plummet.
Before John thought about it further he was nodding. “Yeah…yeah alright.” A small toe-dip into the socializing pool. Get back in the swing of things. He liked drinks and people, having the chance to combine both being even better.
“Oh of course…of course.” Sherlock agreed with the highest air of concern, placing a curled finger to his mouth as he thought. “
He could just make out Sherlock still observing him from the corner of his eye, probably seeing all sorts of things John was too bloody tired to care about hiding. If Sherlock had deducted anything he kept it to himself, instead querying: “You received nine calls to your mobile phone, correct? All from foreign numbers.”
He clicked through the site’s photo gallery, absently admiring the rich furnishings of the main areas of the hotel and various suites, wondering why anyone who could afford to stay
John’s expression softened, jotting that down. “Well don’t beat yourself up about it too much. Happens all the time.” He remarked coyly with a little shrug.
When John made it upstairs to the main floor of the flat, the door leading to the kitchen lay open but the room itself was empty as he entered. He was further mystified to discover the sitting room devoid of Sherlock as well. It was only when John took a quick glance down the darkened hallway to his left, that the doctor noticed a soft sliver of light beneath the closed door to the bedroom.
…” Sherlock murmured, seeming to mull it over. Without further word he rose from his stool, flicking off the light of the microscope near its base. That was all the indication John needed to go fetch their coats in the hall where they were slung one atop the other on the banister leading up to his old bedroom. When he returned, Sherlock had already donned his suit jacket and was fastening the front button.
They sat in silence for a moment after that, with only the weak hum of the telly and a small periodic drip echoing from the kitchen tap. John felt it like a knot cinching in his stomach.
With great satisfaction, Sherlock harshly balled the jumper in his hands and pitched it passed John’s head.
-growing party that held the same theory, but that this elite group consisted of a dozen Sherlock clones grown in some secret lab for years underneath London.
number, a front desk or a customer service phone. Unless it was an emergency, he imagined personal use of that line wasn’t allowed. Which narrowed down the potential individuals quite a bit.
“I know you’re eager to get on with the rest of tonight’s…activities.” Sherlock rumbled after he’d swallowed thickly, sucking briefly on his thumb. John felt heat spread over his cheeks and something that
It would have been so easy to just dodge it. Claim he had to see about his schedule and then never contact Lestrade. Let this slip through the cracks.
Work, home, eat, sleep, rinse and repeat. It was structured, a sort of regimental existence he found familiar, soothing. It allotted John just enough control to tamp down the buzzing beneath his skin. Like bees making honey combs from his muscles.
Over absurdly expensive entrees and wine they discussed many things. Sherlock’s time in Turkey thus far, his business (
John sighed, looking down at his shoes. “I…” He didn’t want to be having this conversation to be honest. With anyone really, no offense to Greg. “I’m getting by.” The doctor met Lestrade’s gaze once more. One of Greg's brows unknitted and swept upward.
Wasn’t it reasonable then, that there were also things Sherlock felt safer right now exploring or verbalizing in the act of roleplaying? And really, wasn’t that sort of the whole point of it?
To his right a fire blazed brightly in the hearth, casting the otherwise darkened interior in flickering golds and trembling shadows.
development. Nice little parting gift from the war. Though this time instead of nightmares keeping him awake it was a fluctuating feeling between restlessness and nothingness.
Not that John had made it a practice to lie to him. Really he was just trying to maintain some semblance of privacy. And living in an environment surrounded by CCTV cameras and a man who could literally smell lies sometimes made that tricky to do.
Now John was just thankful no one gave him a second or even a first glance as he made his way passed desks and meeting rooms towards the back of the floor. And more than thankful that Sally Donovan was nowhere to be seen.
“The beginning though…” John’s eyes flicked up to the vacant leather chair, the rest of his sentence jamming in his throat. “…the beginning was brilliant.” He breathed then laughed softly, tracing his finger around the rim of the empty glass resting on his thigh.
He felt it now though. Not self-conscious per say, but a nervous sort of buzz at being spread out like this, on display for the other man to drink in. Why, Sherlock practically gulped him down with the drag of his eyes over John’s shoulders, his chest, at the tensing along his abdomen leading to a notable twitch from his cock—half-erect now without a single direct touch.
An additional half an hour failed to produce Dufort, or Gage for that matter. It did however succeed in Sherlock appreciating why some employees went on homicidal rampages.
“So if I’m the buck…” The detective began curiously, tugging the sleeves of his jacket in place over his cuffs before accepting his Belstaff and scarf when John offered them. “…does that make you my
“Looks like something out of Seven.” The DI scowled, sucking pickle juice from his fingers. “Poor bastard needs some serious help. Or a fucking holiday.”
The doctor had been about to bin it when he noticed the short note scrolled on the other side in black marker on the bag’s label:
. Which is why you ended up writing a cheque for it rather than using your card. The very same card—if you’ve been keeping up—that I need to see in order to process you.”
He copied the entire list and pasted it into the ‘To:’ section, filling the ‘From:’ with Nicolas Dufort’s public address—more likely to be whitelisted from any spam filters.
The first man, loud and boisterous, tisked exasperatedly at his friend. “You know, that detective. That bloke. The fuck was his name…wait a tic I’ll find it.” He leaned back, bumping into John’s shoulder without so much as an apology as he rooted out his phone.
“Although you look like you needed a bit of a kip.” She waved a mothering finger at him, making her way into the kitchen. “It was so quiet up here I had thought you’d gone out!”
John then proceeded to wax on about his day from the moment he dragged himself out of bed to up until this evening. Because, why not? At the moment he couldn’t give two shits how inane this one-sided conversation was. And whatever lay on the other end certainly wasn’t complaining.
And then there was an arm about his shoulders, drawing him in and god help him…John slumped into it, rotating his frame and resting his forehead on a soft shoulder. Martha’s floral perfume was light under his nose. Lavender and rose and something about it—something about the familiarity of it and the embrace and the warmth drove the tightness from John’s chest in a great gasp.
“I assure you…I’m not like those other bucks.” Sherlock countered, regarding him through lowered lashes as he lifted John’s wrist towards his mouth. Hindered as he was by the unyielding cuff of John’s
The phone was brand new and high-end from what he could tell. Must have cost at least several hundred quid and wasn’t marked by any specific carrier. So sleek it made his own mobile look like a brick with a little screen. None of this explained Mycroft’s intentions, leaving John to ask the painfully obvious.
There was a creeping sense of nostalgia to be bared as John passed through the Homicide and Major Crime division of NSY, a laden—and security examined—brown paper bag in one hand, the other swinging gently by his hip.
Rarely, did their personal bubbles collide and fuse outside a case. So, in the event they were holed up together, John came to relish having these often silly, sometimes surprisingly introspective conversations.
“Huh.” Lestrade huffed, the hint of guardedness still in his voice. “Anything I remember?” He inquired, making to remove his coat.
—creatures of nature?” John grinned a little idiotically. His fingers exploring the texture difference between the fine hair on top and the supple skin on the underside as they traveled up. Sherlock shivered, the tail end of it coming out as a small noise along John’s neck.
John keened unmistakably loud. His hands scrambled to Sherlock’s backside, squeezing the pliable flesh and firm operating muscles beneath, attempting to convey that he was in much the same state. The tell-tale current of orgasm was building in his balls and along his lower spine so quickly it was staggering.
John let out a gush of a laugh, bitter and simmering. “That’s always been your favorite part, hasn’t it?” The doctor lifted his head, glaring at him beyond the wall of his balled fists, fighting the urge to hit Sherlock again.
“I’ll probably have to move out eventually anyway.” He continued. “I can’t keep up with the bills on my own and I won’t ask Mrs. Hudson to lower the rent. I’m only paying one half as it is.”
John decided to not mention the tiny gasp Sherlock made whilst curled up next to him on the sofa when Gandalf fell in Moria or the wetness he’d spied accumulating in Sherlock’s eyes while Boromir gave his final declarations of honor and loyalty to Aragorn. Both moments, John would secretly cherish for the rest of his days.
As Greg was slipping on his trench coat to leave he asked. “What do ya say about doing this again next week?”
John peeled off his damp coat and hung it on the back of a chair near the small, wall-mounted table that sat their microwave. He toed off his shoes and wandered into the living room, leaving the bottle of cognac on their makeshift desk. The heavy curtains had been drawn and the fairy lights were plugged in, bathing the room in a gentle glow.
Both men leaned towards the seam they’d left between the two heavy sliding doors of the closet. Sherlock had peered out, his eyes narrowed for the longest moment before he glanced at John who shrugged at the resounding silence, when suddenly there was the quiet slide of a dresser drawer being opened.
The detective gave a half shrug, leaning his head back against the wall, his eyelids sagging. “I’ve had Mycroft sweep Baker Street for bugs while you were away, but I suspect someone’s using you to get to me.” Sherlock replied, sounding bluntly put out about it. “Predict my next move perhaps. Especially with what I've been—” He cut himself off, glancing down to where his hands dangled between his legs, his one thumb sweeping in an arc.
“And you don’t write me love notes either,” Sherlock muttered loud enough for John to hear after a heavy pause.
John looked up at him in confusion before he accepted it. A hot cup of anything with caffeine sounded magical right about now. “Thanks. How…
The detective was just about to turn his attention back to the newspaper in his hands when the announcement came overhead:
John was still chuckling as he exited the cab after paying the fair with a bit of his winnings. Sherlock waited for him on the pavement, his hands buried deep in the pockets of his greatcoat. The rain had thankfully stopped but the air was biting enough to not linger outside.
He’d seen John actually dance. A sort of swingy swirly thing the doctor would evolve into after a few cups of Mrs. Hudson’s eggnog. One Sherlock suspected the alcohol content of rising just a wee bit more every year.
—and honeysuckle.” Sherlock supplied between kisses, working his way up towards John’s throat as his hands slid upwards along his stomach. “I’ve been waiting for an opportune moment to try it out on you. Tonight seemed
A fire would be built midafternoon and kept tended and fed, either by John or himself. They’d slip out for lunch while the sun was still up and then John would cook dinner come evening, filling the kitchen with about as much warmth from the stove as he could. Sherlock meanwhile would haunt nearby until he was caught and John tried to put him to work peeling or chopping or stirring or watching things simmer while the doctor prepped something else.
But where was John tonight? Out with friends? With a girlfriend? In a pub somewhere counting down the minutes to a new year with strangers? Surely not alone like he was. Surely.
As he unlocked a drawer in the desk, selecting a blank plastic card from a tall stack and feeding it into the key encoding machine, the detective supposed it wasn’t
Attempting to get more comfortable himself, John fished out the paperback from between his legs and plopped it with a soft slap on the coffee tale. “Well it’s something you get used to after a while.” He said upon settling back, briefly adjusting the pillow behind him that had been sucked half-way down between the arm of the couch and the bottom cushion.
“That’s alright, Anderson here was just leaving.” Greg replied, folding his arms across his chest and casting a hard look up at the former forensic pathologist. The last bit sounded far more like an order then an announcement.
Despite his earlier qualms John was rather glad he agreed to go. It felt good to leave London behind for a while, even if it was just a weekend. Away from the noise and the people, from everywhere he looked reminding him of…
Leaning towards him like were some secret meeting, the manager kept his voice even and low as he spoke. “Madame Bélanger here has raised some
“Oh I gathered as much. With the marvelous sex and all.” John felt only slightly less of a prat. He tipped his head a few centimeters and inhaled at the warm skin of the detective’s sternum. Sherlock must have daubed a bit of his newest oil concoction there too because there were fading traces of teak and honeysuckle amongst the smell of fresh, cooled sweat and his own unique scent.
Sherlock’s features were serene despite the notably flush of his cheeks and the gleam in his wide-set pupils. When his eyes suddenly snapped back to John’s, the doctor blanched slightly.
“I’d be more than happy to.” Sherlock swept the hand warming the small of John’s back up along his spine to rest between his shoulder blades.
John glanced at the calendar stuck to the fridge with bleary morning eyes, waiting for the kettle to boil and seeing that it was nearly the holidays…
Sherlock dropped his hand into the sheet between them. “Not easily.” He replied solemnly. “But if you’ll just let me explain—”
John had dropped him easily with a strike in the gut and a sweep to his legs after dodging a pathetic excuse for a punch towards the doctor’s head.
“You’re concerned,” Sherlock whispered. His breath a warm gust over the corner of John’s jaw and down his neck. “Don’t be. While you can’t fight nature, you don’t have to face it alone.”
Rather odd feeling that. Wanting to see someone and never wanting to see them again at the same time.
He also missed the tall, dark-haired gentleman sitting outside of the café who had tethered his own phone as a hotspot. One who’s unsecured network name remarkably happened to be “ZCafGuest”.
“Developing a tad more than cough syrup I presume.” The younger Holmes supplied, plonking a second cube of sugar into his drink. He stirred it slowly while he waited, watching the tiny granules melt and eventually break apart.
A laugh escaped him at seeing the initial. Why had Sherlock thought it necessary to sign it? Of course it was him, who the hell else would keep refrigerated phalanges?
”—would have made a difference. Possibly. He’d always sought to paint the detective in a more humanistic light.
“There’s a bit of an overflow between divisions. I’m up to my arse in petty crimes and public indecencies.” He groused.
He’d tried various things, any recommendation he would make to a patient: cut back on the caffeine, relaxing music at a low volume, white noise, hot shower before bed, reading. The only thing he hadn’t attempted again was to go back on medication—bad experiences. So, instead John worked until he was dead on his feet.
That following Monday, Sherlock had arrived early at the track like he typically did. He would view that day’s lineups, observe the horses as they were saddled up in the paddock and their riders as the mulled around the locker rooms all before his target appeared.
By the time he'd worked in up to his second knuckle, coated with another liberal amount of lubricant, John was practically writhing. He’d dug his heels in against the hearthrug, looking for leverage to impale himself further onto Sherlock’s finger and at some point had wound a hand around his forearm, absently squeezing at it.
Rolling over, John groped for the switch and flicked it off, returning to his position on his back with a soft grunt. He scrubbed the sleep from his eyes with his knuckles, feeling the trapped grit dislodge and scratch away. Though it was amazing he had any trapped there at all.
“If you’d mind raising your window.” Mycroft nodded, gesturing to put it up with a flick of his wrist.
The phone in his trouser pocket buzzed once. A text. John blinked and fished it out. Greg had wished him a happy New Year, wanted to get together for a drink sometime.
Unable to curb his worry, John moved over to the area he stacked his flatmate’s boxes and was more them relieved to find them whole and dry. As his light slowly passed over them, John’s own handwriting labeling each of the boxes contents came into view. He paused at one marked:
“Uh no. No I can manage. Thanks.” He gave her a nod and took his key, looking to get away from there as fast as possible.
John cleared his throat and slouched further down until his neck met the cool softness of his pillow and the back of his head rested on the armrest. He switched the mobile from his left hand to his right so he could prop his elbow on the crook where the arm met the back of the couch. He thought back on those first endless feeling weeks, living alone in that tomb of a bedsit.
Sarah had given him a sheepish smile, which was not at all what John was expecting to precede a chewing out. “I…just got off the phone with a Dr. Altamont and there’s going to be a bit of a medical convention up near Durham.” She began. “
He tilted it slowly this way and that, inspecting the wound as best he could through the caked blood. The cut was deeper near the edge of Mary’s palm, getting thinner as it ran towards her thumb. Leading John to believe the blade got caught up in the bread, when she put extra force to move it, the knife had punched forward then up. Luckily it hadn’t pierced too deeply, only nicking a few of the smaller veins and not a major artery or worse, tendons.
“I don’t care if you could of taught it to knit you a new scarf Sherlock. Goldfish, frogs, the occasional borrowed rat, but I draw the line at
Speaking of which…John was sure Sherlock had a world map tucked away here somewhere. The challenge laid in trying to make sense of the man’s cryptic organization. Or lack thereof. John had always suspected Sherlock didn’t know half the time where he put anyth—
“Mary…” He began thoughtfully. “Listen, now I can’t promise anything will come of it but…one of our nurses is about to go on maternity leave in a few weeks. If you get me a copy of your CV, I could pass it on to my supervisor.”
Peering down at his shoes, John steadied himself and reached for the door handle. Just as he was about to get in, the car’s driver—a broad shouldered fellow with an equally broad chin and a snubbed nose, all tailored suit and frown—hopped out. The doctor gave him a puzzled look before sinking inside, both back passenger and driver doors closing nearly simultaneously.
The party ambled on and John had been intently listening in on a heated debate between Lestrade and Collins about last week’s football match when a small plate suddenly crossed into his vision. He lifted his head from where it was resting on his curled fist to see an antlered detective looming over him and appearing particularly determined.
The detective inhaled sharply then fixed John with an affronted sort of bewilderment. “No.” His dismissal rough but no less fervent.
Mycroft had paused with a chunk of egg pierced on his fork, frowning deeply at whatever was written on the documents when he heard the soft click of heels approaching. Mycroft pulled his attention away from the dossier as Anthea entered, curious to see the small package she held in her hand.
Sherlock watched as Tiryaki slowly placed his glass back down onto the table and looked back up at him, an unspoken question hanging in the ether between them, gathering static so rapidly it bit at Sherlock’s skin.
The detective’s smile promptly faded as the craving to experience that again welled in his chest, vibrant and sore. To hear John laugh, to
While not winning the contest was admittedly disappointing, considering he’d been suffering for nearly an hour now in a sweater knitted by the devil, John knew when he was trounced. Besides, he did have a particularly wonderful time reminiscing about cases with Sherlock. And of course there was the unquestionably incredible matter of Sherlock actually attending with him in first place.
So when the entire universe seemed to be turning against the detective, his credibility in ruins, possibly facing criminal charges, the life as Sherlock knew it irrefutably changed—
“I suppose the best place to start is the beginning.” Sherlock remarked more to himself than anyone around him. He sucked in a deep breath, the fingers of his right hand drumming on his thigh where it was raised from his perching. “On the morning of April the 23
a strength born of sheer self-preservation overtakes him and he surges, collides with the other body weighing him down and thrusts them both up and backwards, driving them over the side of the bed.
His eyes narrowed as he stared out into the room, one elbow resting on the arm of his chair, the edge of a thumbnail slowly etching back and forth over the soft pad of his index finger.
Much like someone would ask to use the perfectly working mobile phone you have in your possession. The one you’ve conveniently forgotten about as to not incur a charge by ringing a landline.
(ALTERNATIVE: If, you’re not a fan of consuming straight garlic, you could just take two cloves and crush them to break the surface and let the oils out, then put them in the broth to flavor it—you’d remove them later along with the ginger in the step further below.)
“I can’t imagine being with anyone else like I want to with you.” He was delighted to feel a sudden quickening of Sherlock’s pulse under his palm, a silent indicator that he was indeed on the right track. John felt it too after all. What he was saying was frightfully intimate. Ironic since both of them were currently
While that’s going you want to mince up your garlic and I recommend fresh garlic for its medicinal purposes. Once that’s minced up nice, put it into the heating broth.
“Uh…no! Just—just the thread!” John called back. As he stood there waiting, the heavenly smell of cooking beef, vegetables, and reduced wine wafted from the kitchen. John’s mouth began to water; his stomach bubbling in need to put whatever Mrs. H was cooking in there
he jumped?” Mycroft asked suddenly, though his tone was thoughtful; it held certain solemnness about it. John glanced over, a swell of remorse washing over him as their eyes met.
He abruptly stood and headed for the bookshelf near the window, grimacing at the shear amount of texts Sherlock had amassed over his time there. Though there were a few of John’s in the mix, mostly medical journals the detective had squirreled away without asking the doctor if he could.
He did this up until the cab dropped him off, somewhat more relaxed for it by the time he crept into his room and shut the door firmly behind him.
That had sounded a sight better in John’s mind when he’d thought of it weeks ago. Still, he reckoned it got the manner of his participation here across well enough. He just needed to stay on point, stay impartial. He would hear what Sherlock had to say for himself and then—well…he hadn’t exactly decided on the ‘
If John’s pace was a bit slower than usual as he left NSY and began his walk to Westminster Station he hadn’t really taken notice. He’d been too deep in his mulling over what Lestrade had confided to him. About Anderson’s latest ‘obsession’ and the apparent website that sprung from it. And while John’s better judgment told him to just let it be, he couldn’t deny being bloody curious.
Also please please don't be shy. If you have the time leave me some love or speculation or complaints or hell your dearest hopes and dreams in the comments down below. I love hearing from people and I love discussing things.
They spent the next half hour or so recollecting cases while the party buzzed around them. John would have a go, relishing in the details and the action while Sherlock attempted to sit quietly while he did. There were still a few occasional eye rolls or a ‘
“High.” Lestrade replied, seeing there was no need to elaborate by John’s sudden frown. The DI sipped at his coffee and gasped from the heat, words wafting out in a thick cloud. “But I wouldn’t go making this a habit.” He added sternly then nodded towards their left.
Though, considering how he felt about certain individuals in high government standing, John might have just been willing to ignore the order.
.” John corrected tenderly, biting his bottom lip as he felt an indignant rush of air swelling Sherlock’s chest next to him. His ire deflated a second later after a sidelong look at John’s expression.
“I’ve…had some practice.” John muttered absently but warmly, towing his attention back to Ms. Morstan and covering up his lapse in conversation with another smile. “Just before I graduated, I joined the army on a Medical Cadetship.”
Sherlock arched a brow, already reaching for his door’s release latch. “What? Win you forty pounds?” He said as he stepped out, bending down briefly so that his face was back in the doorway. “I could have got you more.”
The DI grimaced, raising his bottle up to his mouth before muttering into it derisively. “For her and Mr.
Reaching for his mobile on the side table, John was halfway through turning off his alarm when Sherlock rumbled wearily.
.” Sherlock replied sharply, his nostrils flaring. “And I highly doubt your fiancé would approve of you ogling another man’s
Somehow they got onto the subject of friends and colleagues as John ate his dinner at the table in the sitting room, curtains shut tight and fire blazing in the hearth. But not before snapping a dim photo of his plate at Sherlock’s request and texting it over. Despite a small gripe about John having used frozen green beans instead of fresh steamed ones like he usually did (
“Me too. I—I quite liked it too.” Sherlock blurted quietly and a little stilted. Enough that John had to replay what he said twice before he believed he heard it correctly. When he did he nodded to himself, dashing a lick over his abruptly dry lips.
lodging, Sherlock had kept his spending to a minimum, needing practically all the money he’d secreted away from Mycroft to fund this little side mission.
He waited. He didn’t really know what he was waiting for but John did it anyway, just a few seconds more before pulling the mobile from where it’s been plastered hot and tacky to his face and tapped the red phone icon. He let it slide from his fingers and fall onto his stomach.
Reaching over, he pressed a button on his desk phone; the soft beep followed a moment later by the door to his office opening.
John felt his temper rise and his head beginning to throb, the lack of eating anything substantial besides toast that morning was finally taking its toll.
It was really for curbing or lessening panic attacks, but John found it helpful at other times too. Mostly he used an abridged version: a blowy puff through puckered lips. Sherlock had dubbed it “
“All I know is it shut off sometime during the night and then never came back on. I rung the company who fixed it last time it went and they said they’ll send someone but, you know how it is this time of year.” She finished somberly.
Things had become estranged between them—to put it mildly—since John had found out Mycroft offered his own brother on a platter to a lunatic. They’d even kept their distance from each other at Sherlock’s funeral—Mycroft had made all the arrangements to John’s knowledge and come the day of, there was a black town-car waiting for him outside Baker Street. The extent of their interaction that afternoon was a shared glance and noting more.
So I had intended to dabble a little with Sherlock's time away and just show a bit of what he was up to. I had a few next destinations for him going along with John's phone calls, Turkey being one of them. After doing research I found out one of the major crime problems over there is heroin production and selling. And that just seemed too perfect to not have Sherlock deal with. And thus, Sherlock went to Turkey and here we are lol.
And despite his fervent cleansing, John was leery to follow through. He read the message again, several times, then over parts of it. The way the detective had written his name, the word
It was during his introductory tour of the Maison Athénée that Sherlock noted each room had several central-air ventilation ducts located high up along the walls. A perfect vantage point if one wanted to see a broad view of the space.
“I told them if you saw a single seed I had the right to affray.” John assured him as he pulled out his own sandwich—a smoked roast chicken, thinly sliced on a crusty sourdough with spinach, mozzarella, and a generous smear of pesto.  And if the heavenly smell coming off it was any indication, the owners put as much loving care into making their pesto as they did their sauerkraut.
Now, ruling out Mycroft spying on him, what would someone gain from letting John ramble on without prompt? It wasn’t like he knew anything of importance at this point. And he suspected it wasn’t to hear about work and his ruddy cooking mishaps.
ago, even if he could track down the employee working the desk that day, the odds of them actually remembering the person who called him was piss poor.
…so was it the part where you showed off how brilliant you are to a captive audience…” John hummed sleepily into the skin below his mouth before pressing a long uneven kiss into it. “Or was it the part where you humiliated some poor woman for leering at my bum.” His lips spread into a barely contained grin.
He took Mary’s hand back in his, warmth passing through the latex of his gloves and the smell of faint, flowery perfume teased under John’s nose.
“Anyway, I concluded that discovering their shared love of the films would serve as the perfect spark of interest. A light of hope at the end of Anderson’s miserable, lonesome little tunnel.” John gave a loud snort at that. “All that remained was to get Lucy from point A to point B.  That simply required me telling her I was interested in buying a similar piece of jewelry and she offered to fetch the business card of the man who handcrafted it.”
John gave a nod, pondering a moment as he took his first sip, relishing the blazing trail the liquid made from his throat all the way to his core. “I could take a look at it.” He offered. “I’m no furnace whisperer but I can at least check if it’s the pilot light.”
Though the idea of a quick nod off and full night’s sleep was exceedingly tempting, the chance he’d be a zombie tomorrow morning wasn’t. So, choosing responsibility over need, John recapped the bottle and put it away into his kit. Vowing to start the medication as soon as he got back.
Admittedly, it was a damn fancier device in comparison. Newer, silkier, didn’t bog up if you used the internet browser too much—or,
John felt more than a bit floored by all this to be truthful. While he agreed apologizing now was well pass due—though not
Sherlock’s hair smelled heavenly; the underlying scent of a day’s worth of sweat and traces of his hair products mingled with a aromatic layer of something very woody and perhaps floral. He pushed his nose a little deeper in and inhaled again. Whatever it was smelled like sandalwood or cedar—one of the sweeter woods and some sort of musky flower.
bloody love notes.” John groaned softly into his palm, running a chilled hand across his face. A small snicker came from the front seat and Sherlock shot a frosty glare through the rearview mirror as they slowed for a red light. Their driver’s face went politely flat, clearing his throat and hastily returning his eyes to the road. Sherlock then made it a point to slam the small window between the front and back seats closed as tersely as he could.
it was the wife who did it?” Collins asked, lounging back where he sat and resting a nearly empty whisky glass on his gut. John opened his mouth to answer, trying in vain to not look down at the man’s jumper, which was now in unhindered view.
Shifting in his seat John heard the last whistle, the boarding shouts of conductors. Minutes later the train hissed and started to slowly inch forward.
“When have you ever known me to willingly attend a holiday party John?” Sherlock demanded, his collected façade giving way as he finally wrenched his attention away from the microscope to shoot a piercing glare at John across the kitchen bench. It dissolved a hot second later when the detective took in what he was wearing with open horror and disgust.
.” Sherlock urged thinly, ignoring the stare of black beady eyes to his right and lobbing a petulant glare at the top of her floppy hat. It was 10 pm, what light source was she exactly
John furrowed his brow as his gaze swept back up to the first two items. Well, maybe not too random, France
Dufort had arrived at the hotel two hours ago, alone, retrieving a keycard left for him at the front desk and heading straight up to a room registered under the name
he was aiming to use again, Sherlock could do it just as easily back in London as he could out here. Mycroft knew that well enough by now. So to forbid him going based on that alone made no sense unless…unless the connection in Turkey was
“That’s referential data. Names, places, techniques, concepts and observations. There’s only so much space up there after all. I have to be highly selective of what stays and what goes. Events though tend to be more...persistent as it were.”
wasn’t sitting on the dusty floor reading through case files until he couldn’t breathe properly out of his nose. Giggling when he got to the one where Sherlock was forced to dress like a clown.
as Greg put it certainly sounded like something Sherlock would do, but there had to be more to it than that. Why else would there be the need for so much secrecy?
“Oh! Tell’em about the one with the exploding eggs!” Lestrade suddenly crowed, catching both men by surprise. Noticing that the woman sitting next to him had quietly slipped off at some point and made scarce, John plopped down to take the open spot. He patted the arm rest, smirking invitingly up at the detective.
He cut down his clinic work to four days a week, on call every other Friday. Sarah was pleased but still urged him to take it easy.
“How about we take a look at that hand.” John briskly plucked a pair of latex gloves from a box sitting nearby, pulling them on as he rolled over towards the examination table Mary sat across. As he stopped a few inches from her knees, John reached out carefully and took her hand in his, gently pulling the gauze away to reveal a two and a half inch slice in the center of her palm.
Standing there staring into the glossy surface of his phone’s screen, John couldn’t ignore the looming thought that someone
That was ultimately his fault. After Loudmouth Arse recovered and tried to take a swing at John and missed, John had given him a nice haymaker to the jaw sending him off his chair onto the floor. That’s when Buddy of Loudmouth Arse finally decided to step in like a true gent—fellow construction worker but nowhere near as built as LMA was.
lunch with her tomorrow that Mrs. Hudson finally relented her coddling and retired to her flat downstairs. John came in from the hall, simmering quietly.
. As perplexing as this all was, being trapped there on the floor, half caged under Sherlock’s body while he looked mere moments away from gobbling him up (
Drawing his eyes away from the newspaper he swiped over the screen, an eyebrow raising as he quickly read over the new text message in his inbox. With a sniff he picked the phone up and navigated to the number pad, tapping three numbers and activating his speed dial.
Edna Bachman, seventy five, vacationing in Rome described the man who saved her and seventeen other people in a bank heist before vanishing as mysteriously as he showed up ‘
“Don’t be too hard on yourself...” Sherlock murmured and John could plainly hear amusement sweetening his tone. “I can’t expect everyone to have the same caliber of palates.”
“Here you are mate.” Greg handed him the chilly bottle, lightly wafting from the lip in the cozy air of the flat. “You sure I can’t get you anything Sherlock? Hell I’ll put a kettle on if you want.” Greg offered with an honest shrug.
John began to wonder if Sherlock even registered he was in the same room, let alone speaking to him, when he saw the man’s ears dart up. A sure sign his jaw was flexing which usually (
John suddenly felt like he’d cut himself off from the world. Like outside stood some barren wasteland and this had been his only human contact in ages. Shaking off the sentiment he picked up his drink, staring at the empty chair.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and when he spoke again, his previous bravado had receded. “A mutual acquaintance of ours. She—she was integral in forging my coronary report and preparing the stand-in body for mine…”
Greg glanced up from the telly, a look of pure guiltlessness on his mug.“So…dinner?” He sucked at his teeth, motioning with his bottle at the menus in John’s tight fingers.
“I tried to talk some sense into him but the nutter went and started himself a group! The Empty Hearse—that’s what they call themselves. There’s a sodding website and everything. They’re convinced Sherlock’s roaming the globe
“I’m not…done yet. As it stands no one can know I’m alive.” Sherlock continued, and if John hadn’t been so done with him and this entire horrid night, he would have sworn the detective actually looked a touch forlorn. And lord help him if John didn’t feel just a
“Just yesterday I had a patient come in who was stabbed by an avocado.” John mused dryly; licking over his lips as Mary snorted with laughter then gave a guilty groan for doing so. She looked over at him, holding John’s gaze as a small but fond smile inched across her face and the doctor found himself returning it.
In hindsight it was pretty serendipitous. If one believed in that kind of thing. Right night, right pub, right amount of lager in his gut, the right seat next to the right loudmouth arse, and just the right comment.
Feeling his anger rise sharply, John tore himself away and stalked into the bathroom. He snapped the lock closed on the door, put the lid down on the toilet and sat. It was there in the darkness and quiet, shut off from everything outside that John leaned forward, burying his face in his palms.
The doctor tamped down a sudden bloom in his gut at the thought of encountering Sherlock like that. Like they had been pretending to. Him coursing with barely contained lust. And Sherlock showing up with his prowess and beguiling nature. All cheekbones and mystery. Unlike anyone he’d ever known or would know again for that matter, John was sure of it.
“I s’pose I should wish you a happy New Year.” He huffed another laugh, but there was little humor to it. “Not too sure—mmm—how happy s’going to be.”
Something about it sent a heady excitement through him and John had to shut his eyes, his fingers curling tighter around his cock as it throbbed low at the base. He held his breath for a beat, letting the arousal diffuse from his head to the tips of his toes.
The unobscured half of Greg’s face John could see appeared unmistakably frustrated. Weary more than enraged. And from the tension held in the stranger’s thin frame, the way he had one hand plastered on the desk’s surface regardless of the papers quashed beneath his palms, how the other was gesturing animatedly down at something lying between them, that frustration was mutual.
“Or dampen them.” Sherlock interjected with a coy smile, declining as the waiter made to top off his wine, his second that night though he’d been nursing it for the past hour.
At that moment John became very aware just how loudly he was breathing through his nostrils. He sucked in as deeply as he could until his lungs burned, centering on releasing it slowly and silently as he held out for a response. When one wasn’t forthcoming after several seconds of terse silence, he found himself whispering Sherlock’s name into the mobile.
“Oh for god sakes John—” Sherlock tisked a little witheringly after a moment or two, stepping in to assist him when John was wracked with an outbreak of giggles, making any further attempts to extract himself impossible. It took a firm steady pull and a lot of squirming for the fibers to stretch enough, allowing the blasted thing to finally spring off like a rubber band.
From outside the camera’s peripheral strolled in Dufort, must having just come from the bathroom. He was equally as nude—still rather fit for a man his age (
“Yeah, if you’re Christmas Robin Hood. Sherlock, I thought we agreed no more stealing things from Lestrade!” John reproved as he wobbled the cognac by its neck for emphasis. Though he was quite certain the smile in his eyes belittled any smattering sternness he was going for. Of course, Sherlock would couple doing something purely charitable with doing something wholly roguish. As if he was compelled to keep some sort of karmic balance at all times.
John grinned a little at that. “You’ve never been to a medical conference after party. I call it the ‘
It could have easily been contributed to the steady rise of his blood alcohol level, but at that very second John Watson wanted to talk.
“Such as?”  Sherlock asked, neither in a demanding nor wary way. If anything he sounded curious to John.
Pulling the newly created video file into a freeware editing program, Sherlock began skipping through the footage, more than pleased at the snippets of conversation he heard taking place earlier on in their meeting:
It would have to wait though, before he’d zoned out John did recall Clair informing him that his next appointment was prepped and ready for him in Exam 7 and he was already close to running late as it was.
Sarah cut him early and John didn’t argue. For once in months, he didn’t argue. He simply pulled on his coat and autopiloted all the way home to the point that when John was plodding up the stairs to the flat he hesitated before walking across the threshold. He couldn’t quite recall how he got here. He’d done it countless times from just being knackered but tonight, it unnerved him.
“I take back what I said before,” John called after him, admiring the bottle once more and swiping an appreciative thumb over the label. “You’re a terrible man.”
He was there now, enjoying a much needed breeze as it wafted through the balmy flat, bringing with it the scent of rain-soaked pavement. There’d been a brief but hefty thunder storm an hour or so before and with it a blessed cut in the humidity. Not by much, but enough to dissuade him stripping from his boxers and the thinnest cotton t-shirt he could find. The temptation to strut around starkers however had John seriously contemplating taking the chance that Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t randomly need him at 10 o’clock at night.
Greg was about to argue, not to mention ask just how exactly the man knew about Philip’s new obsession but Mycroft rolled on, sounding very much finished with the subject.
hadn’t been in the intel he acquired. Shifting in his seat, he took in the rest of the room unable to locate—
Damn his brain. Sherlock reasoned it was out of shear exhaustion and the wine he consumed that night that his mind was being so
It was strange but, John had become so accustomed to them projecting from the man’s hair all evening that Sherlock looked a bit off now.
Sherlock sighed dramatically, emphatically ignoring John’s question as he gazed out onto the party surrounding them. He scowled a second or two later.  “Who the
.” Lestrade replied sluggishly, taking on a grave tone. “Just making sure John’s alright after his terrible ordeal.”
Holding the bottle aloft, Sherlock drizzled a liberal amount of fluid onto his index and middle fingers. The way it ran down those blessedly
“I’ve just had the most disgraceful interaction with one of your desk boys. He was horribly rude to me and I wish to file a formal complaint!”
Well, coincidences aside, it wasn’t exactly what he would call a ‘sighting’. Generally something being sighted included actually being
…how sensitive you are.” Sherlock commended playfully as he licked a coquettish swipe up the bobbing lump of John’s Adam’s apple, grinding his thumbs down in circles with a light but steady firmness.
“I’m glad I caught you. I thought we could talk for a bit.” Mycroft suggested, followed promptly by the pop of the car’s locks flicking over, something equally presumptuous snaking over his features as he cocked his head.
“No I—I get that. I do.” John admitted hastily. “And I’m not talking about that, specifically. It’s just…
In the bath he tested all the taps, let the shower water rain down on his hand before flicking it off and pulling the linen curtain closed, then proceeded to flush the toilet.
Nothing was coming to mind so he moved on, tapping his pencil rhythmically, each impact sounding softer and softer…
“I think I got a pretty carried away myself...” John murmured sheepishly, reaching up with his free hand to fix them. To be honest, it was a stall tactic. He wasn’t quite sure what he could say that would recapture the enthusiasm, the mood Sherlock had been weaving. He knew what the end game was, no question about that. John was to be on the receiving end tonight, which he was more than amiable for. But there was something about Sherlock’s approach that felt significant.
“What? Seemed like as good a time as any.” Sherlock sniffed sharply, apparently conceding to nothing.
“Precisely.” Mahir mused as he raised his glass to his lips. “If one desires that sort of—quiet.” He shrugged and took a long sip.
John went stiff, a hand shooting down to feel at his right pocket. He heard the hum again but felt no corresponding vibration. Hearing sudden movement, John raked over his shoulder to see Clair digging into her purse tucked under the desk. After a second or two of rustling through the contents and another louder buzz, Clair pulled out a small purple mobile phone. She took in who was calling and then promptly rejected it.
would be stupid. But if he did just a little, just a bit…he could still see this through. He could get closer to Tiryaki enough to see his entire bloody chemistry set—
“That better not of gone into the fire,” John warned half-heartedly, still twittering with laughter. His hair was in shambles, sticking up in several directions with static as he craned his neck awkwardly to look behind him.
“He owns several thoroughbreds.” Was the last drop of information Mycroft seemed willing to provide before launching in a vain attempt at dissuading him. “Sherlock…if you pursue this, you’ll do so on your own. I’d advise you to reconsider your plans.”
on his own. He never thought he’d miss the sense of relief to come home to find the building still standing. There was always a gamble when he'd left Sherlock on his own for any extended period of time. Fires, explosions, hazardous material spills, police raids, relapses and the occasional assassin where the things that use to run through John's head while others simply worried about whether they locked up or unplugged some appliance.
“I know what it means.” Sherlock retorted abruptly but low, leveling John with a pensive glance before he looked sharply away and back to the crowd.
What had intrigued Sherlock the most was the fact that the thief ignored all money and jewelry left out and instead stole (alarmingly) expensive silk scarves and randomly selected cashmere socks. And sometimes not even the entire pair.
Sherlock, having returned victoriously to his research, visibly balked in his seat when the headband was slipped onto his crown. The antlers twitched as his head jerked up, regarding John with something akin to confusion and betrayal. His brow knitted, keen eyes rolling upwards like he could see the offending ornament through his fringe.
In the infamous evidence walls John had seen in the past, Sherlock would connect correlations with string—though whatever was left of that was undoubtedly buried in a box up in the loft and the only kind on hand was hemp twine for bundling newspapers and old magazines. Far too thick for his purposes.
’ kept his fellow jurors in a standstill as they deliberated a verdict for a man accused of murdering his wife in Hamburg. After a three hour deadlock there was a unanimous vote of guilty.
He hadn’t planned to take Sherlock up on his offer to use his bed. In fact, John really hadn’t given it a second thought until randomly one evening mid-October as he was going through his nightly routine before bed—his own bed incidentally.
He felt those long fingers spread as Sherlock drew his head closer, the man’s tongue delving in deeper with a throaty hum. The sound went straight down John’s core, bursting in the pit of his stomach and trickling lower—
. At the moment he couldn’t rightfully make himself get up if he tried. Now that he’d stopped, John could feel the lethargy of deprived rest throughout his limbs.
John processed with awe and a shocking flare of arousal. He stifled a gasp as Sherlock gave a lick at the underside of his earlobe.
) over their evening again. He had been since he’d wobbled off to the bathroom for a quick clean up and then again while they waited for their dinner to arrive and shared a glass of cognac.
John may or may not have then taken a seat on the very edge of the mattress, followed shortly with a fall backwards across the span of it. He certainly didn’t let out a blissful groan immediately after doing so. And he most definitely did not doze off for a good twenty-five minutes only to wake up mildly confused as to where he was for several seconds.
“If you’ve put any money down on Babaarat I’d reconsider.” The detective had spoken up informally, nodding towards the five or so jockeys walking towards the starter gate. To the very right of the gate, was a large electronic board displaying the horses for the next race, the horse in question had odds to win. Mahir regarded him with an expected skepticism.
Sherlock looked leaner, but his frame seemed broader. Clear muscle definition in his arms where the fabric draped over bicep, shoulder, and forearm as he rested them on his knees. He was tanner then John had ever seen him—though on the fair side of honey—and even with the low light thrown from the lamp, Sherlock’s hair, longer than usual—nearly down to the lobes of his ears and tussled from their brawl appeared mildly sun-bleached.
Greg simply nodded, listened, and John was inexpressibly thankful for it. He wasn’t looking for a solution and being able to state his thoughts out loud, to just talk, felt more beneficial than any advice or pity he usually received.
John sat up himself, rallying as his apathy transmuted into anger. “Because you daft arse, you’re better than
A moment later she returned brandishing a paper bobbin of brightly dyed thread, denser than John had envisioned. “Here you are, it’s embroidery floss, hope that’s thick enough for you.”
