For now, a soft voice warned him in the back of his mind. Sherlock scowled. No, he resolved. He
He felt a surge of anger as he stared at the empty side of the bed, a surge which caused him to bite down hard on his lip in an attempt to suppress it. Yet he was not even sure which person he was angrier at…
“John...”
meals materialize under your hands:
"Not much," he said. "And what they did say wasn't of any interest."
His cabin was sparse, neat, and organized. A bed, meticulously made, a shelf running along the wall, a small chest, and a small desk were the only pieces of furniture. John had never been a material man, though, so this suited him fine.
was destroyed by a still-unidentified ship, and most of the crew perished. You were picked up by a merchant vessel and brought to land here. That is all you will say, because that is all you know. This is for your safety, as much as for the crew of this ship,” he gestured to the
“Right, right, fine,” Sherlock said quickly.
Why have they never said it?
“Ah, Molly,” Watson smiled. “How are you?”
“No!” Sherlock repeated. His struggling intensified, but was to no avail; Sebastian’s grip was too strong.
“You can do that yourself and send her instead!”
He hoped the pirate had escaped. He hoped he was alright.
She giggled. “We're so... sappy.”
And a lone figure, tall and striking against the clouds, was lowering a sword and pointing it directly at the
Intrigued, John glances up at Sherlock.
John’s ninth day aboard the
They had survived, and more than that, they had won.
“You haven’t changed much in the regard of easily bored, darling.” Sherlock rolls his eyes, but he’s clearly biting back a laugh, so John continues, too curious not to probe further. “So you were going to basically be Sherrinford when you grew up?”
But he knew he was beaming, heart pounding from the laughter and happiness, and as John eased his tickling digits and pulled Sherlock close for a kiss, he could not help but think that no matter what happened, next term or in the future, he just wanted to get to do this sort of thing with John all the time.
. He couldn’t bear it; he’d rather John just left.
Sherlock makes a disgruntled noise at that, and lets go of Mrs. Hudson in favor of stepping around the table to stand near John. He seems only mildly offended they are teasing him, though.
Rosie sighed. John watched, as if observing a tennis match, as the two went back and forth. Rosie’s ability to formulate and express her opinion seemed advanced amongst her age group, no doubt thanks to her papa. “That’s different. It’s… for fun. Pretend. Kids have Friend Valentines ’cause they love each other. Grown-ups have Mushy Valentines ’cause they Love each other.” Her ability to make capital letters audible — also undoubtedly inherited from Sherlock.
Sherlock trails off, apparently too delighted to speak, judging from the way he’s grinning. John doesn’t need him to continue, of course; he’s memorized every word already, down to the address of the awards dinner venue.
“Don’t trust them!” Sholto growled. His eyes, John saw, were on the flag far above. It was barely visible in John’s waterlogged gaze, but appeared to be black rather than the bold red and gold of the NOTP. He squinted and spotted a skull stitched onto it.
“May I speak with you?” Holmes asked without preamble.
He steps toward the door, hand lifting toward the knocker. But then he stops and steps back with a slight shake of the head. Sherlock watches, heart falling, as he begins to walk away. But John only gets two steps before he is turning back, staring at the knocker once more.
How long it had been since then. Yet this memory rushed back to him as potent as the day it had been made, as though the intervening three years held no diminishing power over it.
“Come on, Sherlock,” he sang. “Tell me what I want to know. You’re all alone here. Your precious Navy man isn’t here to save you. Not that he’d be able to, weak thing that he is.”
“I should certainly hope not.”
John met his gaze. He reached out and took the sword from Sherlock’s hand. Their fingers brushed. John grinned.  “When do we start?”
“Really?” John’s voice dripped skepticism. “And what are these ways?”
So John watches, quite contentedly, as Sherlock eats. Only a scone and a bit of bacon, mind, but John is pleased nonetheless.
John smiled and rolled onto his side, reaching out for Sherlock without opening his eyes. “And good morning to you too.”
He raised an eyebrow. “You bought rings but weren’t sure of my answer?”
He only swigged more rum, trying not to smile. Truly, he didn’t mind. This ship was far more casual in the division between captains and crew, and Sherlock could be much more embarrassing. Such as the time he had declared his love for John in front of everyone, a burning ship on the horizon serving as their backdrop.
“It could be,” he offered, arms extended toward John slightly. John went, sensing his need and allowing Sherlock to wrap himself around him. “If you wanted.”
origin story, if you will,” John prompts.
“Sorry, professor,” he mouthed as he sat down.
“Ekene,” Sherlock said softly. He gazed around, then spotted the man standing next to John, and signed something with sharp movements.
“Shut up!” Sebastian barked, then turned his head so his lips were against Sherlock’s ear. “You said you didn’t bring the police.”
“Yours okay?” he asks, turning to Sherlock.
And the memory of the Dutch ship, its mast the only thing out of the water before even that sunk below the roiling waves, burned in his mind’s eye.
“Happy holidays.” The man smirks.
“Ten,” he whispers, “nine, eight, seven…”
He stepped around to Sherlock, heart in his throat. His fingers trembled as he rolled his lover over and pushed the matted locks off his forehead.
Sebastian turned red in response to the yells and cheers for Winter, who stood, tossing her long plait over her shoulder. They shook hands and she returned to the crowd, where she was swarmed by congratulating pirates.
James nods, his smile now fake as well. “Yes. We’ll talk soon, John.”
“Hmm?”
Then again, there was not much for John to do on that front; the pirates and
“I thought I’d show you a bit of what I learned in prison,” he hissed, predatory ferocity in every syllable. “You messed up little freak, you deserve it.”
The next morning dawned bright and hot. John ventured to the deck almost immediately, as down below was stifling and still. Better to seek out shade and a breeze.
Sherlock shivers a little. John’s eyes are sparkling sapphires, and he cannot tear his eyes away.
“Watson, gay?”
“See, that’s your problem, Sherlock,” Sebastian says with a sneer worthy of Mycroft, only much more malicious. “You never know when to let well enough alone. I’m guessing your… well, I can only assume he’s just a fuck, since no one in their right mind would actually
“We’re still at least two days from port.”
“What's with the devil's advocate act?” she laughed.
His entire demeanor had shifted again, Sherlock noticed. The moment they had moved away from the weapons and the secluded space where he had cornered Sherlock, Moriarty had changed. Now, he was impish, playful, yet almost formal in his speech. More violent than intimate, almost performative in his threatening tone. As if he wished to downplay their previous connection.
She laughs merrily — obviously not hurt at all by the dismissal — presses a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, then to John’s, and heads back downstairs. John touches the place she kissed in surprise, smiling.
The three of them sit back down, Sherlock for lack of anything better to do. He and John came here together, after all.
The unknown ship’s sails were dark and unmarked, and its black flags were adorned with a skull, a bone, and an anatomically correct heart. Emblazoned on the side of the vessel in dark letters was the name
“I make it my business to know about my brother’s… associates.”
The name at the top, set over a waterfall logo, is what gives Sherlock pause.
And both launch into a tirade about how John Watson’s novels are the best books ever written. John, all too familiar with overly-effusive fans—who often only do so in an effort to get special treatment from the author—glances at Sherlock, intending to give him a conspiratorial smile and wink.
“John, are you…?” He gulped, face still the picture of stupefaction. “Are you about to propose to me?”
“I will never join you,” he spat, and even though weak, his voice came out fierce and sure.
“You’re right,” he says. “I should focus on the new book. But…” he trails off, smirking in that way he knows will make Sherlock flustered, “for now, I’d rather focus on you.”
“She flirted with him, Molls,” Janine murmured, leaning toward the other girl conspiratorially. “It's her thing. Whenever she needs something from a prof, she goes to their office and chats them up.”
“It did not take long for him to realize something was amiss. The company, the New Orient Trading Programme, had allowed him access to their records, and he observed certain… inconsistencies in the documents. Numbers not matching here, ship manifests not translating properly to the money earned there, and so on. Being an honourable man, my father asked the men he reported to. They assured him all was well, that the reports had been reviewed many times before, and not to worry. For a time, my father’s concerns were assuaged.
How unexpected. Who would want to speak to him? Especially after his deliberately off-putting profile.
"You okay?" John's voice, laced with gentle concern, made him look up.
“But this counts for so much of our final grade,” Molly bit her lip.
Dammit.
?” John exclaims. How does a uni student afford a flat in this area?
“Yes,” Sherlock said after a beat. “This is… I never dreamed…” He swallowed, glancing down. “Well, perhaps I did
Ekene, when he passed John, stopped and embraced him. In spite of himself, John hugged him back.
“Hold out your sword,” he instructed.
Sherlock watched him, knowing perfectly well there was a ridiculously fond expression on his face. “How long did Sebastian get?”
“Do you even know where it is?” Sherlock called after her.
John did not hesitate; he reached up and seized a line, loosening it from its anchor. “James,” he called.
“You are going to break your leg if you continue to insist on doing that,” a voice called out over the commotion.
Sherlock blinks himself out of his (utterly, tantalizingly achievable) fantasy. “Yes, just observing.”
“Could be better.” He could be
’s guns, slamming into the
Sherlock shook his head. “No, he’s on parole.”
“The people on that ship killed our friends, our brothers-in-arms,” Maddox continued, tone gruff but insistent. “We can set aside our differences with… these people,” he gestured vaguely around him to indicate the pirates. “For that cause.”
Almost twenty-four hours later, he still could hardly believe it. Sherlock had lied to him. For an entire
John considered that for a moment, eyes on the bandaged wound, hoping those efforts would be enough. Then he turned back to face the pirate. “So what are you going to do with me? Since it seems we’re stuck together.”
The pirate blinked. With his wide eyes and slightly parted lips, he looked as though he had never heard praise before. “You think so?”
Though terrified, that made one side of Sherlock’s mouth twitch upwards.
Sherlock nodded. His lungs no longer felt as though they were being squeezed through a narrow pipe, so that had to be an improvement. “Sebastian,” he whispered. He would have to tell John everything now; he just knew it. The time for dealing with this alone seemed to have passed.
“Victor,” he said. “You did not know you had been discovered. And we have the chance to do something now. You cannot bring those men back, but you can ensure they did not die for naught.”
Normally, Sherlock would press him, John knows, but they’re both in that grey area between tipsy and drunk, so instead he shrugs and swallows the last bit of his own cup of wine. Then, he sits back, a resigned look on his face.
“I don’t need the money, thanks.” John clenches his fists, mirroring Sherlock from earlier. “I’m perfectly comfortable financially as is. And I am certainly not comfortable helping you spy on my boyfriend, who obviously doesn’t want or need your help with anything.”
John, on the other hand, intended to spend the night on the ship. He wanted everything to be in readiness for an early departure in the morning, and to get a feel for the ship. She was yet untested in long voyages, and to survive she needed to be as familiar to John as his own hand.
“And what’s yours?”
Sherlock still doesn’t understand why John should be so surprised; this is a significant national award, and those who are in the know are sure to be reading the nominated authors they’re unfamiliar with. And besides, word of mouth is a powerful thing. Sherlock personally isn’t shocked that his readership — and therefore sales — is increasing.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “I can’t imagine your father took that lying down.”
“Look it up. Kind of hard to explain,” John says around a wide yawn. Sherlock glances at the clock and blinks in surprise.
And John lifted his own arm to meet it.
Yet now I am led to believe
Sherlock inclined his head and fell silent, watching with an expectant expression. Reclining one hip on the railing, arms crossed, he looked comfortable, handsome. But John saw only a criminal, smug in his domain.
“So the rest of it…?” John began as they headed across the gently sloping grass as it transitioned into sand.
Sherlock smiled, a twisted smile with more pain than mirth. “Not the most relaxing holiday, then.”
Sherlock huffed. “I would have thought that after a full day, you would have been more open to explaining why you are so inexplicably angry about this.”
“-no way their mood swings are a coincidence. The timing’s too perfect.”
’s reputation. Then, the entire company’s reputation will have suffered a terrible blow. People would not want to hire them-”
Overall, Sherlock finds himself impressed with John's ability to comprehend the inner workings of so many people's minds. This is a skill Sherlock personally has never mastered, always coming off wrong-footed and uncertain. His observations may be spot-on, but emotions are beyond him.
edible substances, and I haven’t washed it out. But it was successful work, I’ll have you know,” he adds with a smirk.
John’s jaw drops. “That’s all you have to say?” he exclaims.
“Okay,” John muttered. “Good. Fine. See you later. Don’t go doing anything else stupid.”
He only hoped his worry was unwarranted. With luck, this was all part of Sherlock’s plan.
When the admiralty had informed him that they were making him a captain, he had not quite comprehended it. Now, standing on the deck of the newly-christened vessel, the potent realization washed over him like a wave.
crew!”
John can’t remember the last time he felt so anxious. Perhaps upon seeing a letter in the mail from ACD Publishing about his manuscript for his first book,
“What do you mean?” John glanced around the area, but it was deserted.
“I realized Mycroft’s method was too complex. I loathed the idea of always posturing and bowing and scraping to powerful men in the hopes to find a scrap of information I could use. I wanted to truly
"What?" Sherlock's voice was muffled; he hadn't bothered to turn his head to speak into the open air. "You don't like the view?" He wiggled his hips slightly.
He stood up and held out his hand for Sherlock. Sherlock hesitated a moment, eyes on the proffered hand, then shifting up to look into John’s eyes, so blue and soft now while they connected with Sherlock’s. A small smile played at the corners of the older boy’s mouth, and he twitched his fingers slightly, such a subtle move but it spurred Sherlock on nonetheless.
John only moved close and whispered his reply directly onto Sherlock’s lips once the man straightened up. “I loved it.” He pulled back and regarded his lover. “Why don’t you play regularly anymore?”
“Because I wanted to,” John says, “and because you’re very helpful.”
Another text joins the other two.
John chuckles. “You should have seen him when he realized she was in the water. He asked me to help him come up with some excuse. So while we were running down to the entrance of the pier to get to the water, I had to come up with an idea for him to tell her.” He smirks, looking rather pleased with himself.
“You should go speak to him,” Sherlock said suddenly, breaking John’s reverie.
“I’ll be happy to just have you as my kept man until you get a job,” John teases.
, he thought, through flickering vision and wavering focus.
“Why should I?”
After that, they spent the better part of an hour adjusting John’s grip on the sword, then moving through a slowed-down series of basic parries, thrusts, and other motions the names of which John quickly forgot. Sherlock walked him through each one, standing just behind him and guiding his arms and legs though the correct sequences.
He wanders through the rows, eyeing the numbers on spines until he finds the correct section. Luckily, this library is well stocked, and he ends up with four tomes in his arms in a few minutes.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, and John felt relieved to see the momentary vulnerability had faded. “Is that a euphemism?”
The moment was fragile, intimate. John could feel Sherlock’s skin, the calluses and marks and smoother spots of his hand. A lifetime’s damages and wounds and touches, etched into a palm and five slender digits. And beneath it all, a little lower where hand met limb, a heartbeat. John’s fingers wrapped around it, encasing that steady pounding as if by doing so, he could protect all that made up this man.
But then he remembers that night shortly after Christmas, when John begged him to open up and trust him. He sends the text.
“No, not just for this…” James gestured to the orange peels. “I mean for giving me a place here. I know many of the admirals balked at your choice.”
He shrugs and settles back into the pillow. Sherlock’s sleep habits are frankly appalling, but John has found that during the nights they spend together at one of their flats, Sherlock is more inclined to at least lie down and rest.
“Sherlock Holmes, my love, will you marry me?”
Sherlock flinched. The memory of that night, so full of lighting and thunder and fury, had haunted him for three years. He had replayed it so many times he could have described the shape of the clouds, told the number of raindrops clinging to John’s lashes, and counted the heartbeats that passed during that awful exchange of words.
"Hey," John said, dragging himself back to the present a few moments later. "How about some tea or coffee, or... I don't know, maybe hot cocoa?"
“What is it?” Sherlock finally asked, staring into his tea.
“What’s this?”
He struck the wood again and gasped. Something in his arm seemed to give, and an ominous popping sound sent white-hot agony lancing through the limb. He cried out, even as his body was dragged along, catching on barnacles. He clung desperately to the rope with his one good arm.
Sherlock smirks. “Is that a book pun?”
Sherlock nodded, too focused to speak.
“And Irene? Janine will totally tell her.”
John stroked a hand across Sherlock's skin again. “That doesn't explain why you've taken me onto your ship.”
“Well, that was… different.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Good morning.”
And all at once, saying the words was the easiest thing in the world, as easy as lending coffee to the chemistry student from upstairs, as easy as leaning up to kiss your study partner after acing a test. Saying the words was as easy as hugging your boyfriend after a criminal tried to take him from you, as easy as him forgiving you for leaving him alone.
“You have lied to me for years, haven’t you?” Sherlock breathed.
, parts 5 and 6 of How Novel.
“How dare he come here to meddle,” Sherlock continues. “And what was that about you knowing what you’re getting into? As if
“More substantial?” John’s voice had dropped too, and he was slightly breathless. “Like what?”
is going to be even more than you thought. And Sholto’s planning a multi-stop book tour for it.”
An hour after sunset, Sherlock shouldered a bag containing the supplies he would need for his endeavour. He darted down the gangplank to the docks, which were now bathed in ever-lengthening shadows. The
He made for the door.
His mind was spinning, heart pounding so hard he could hardly think. Irene, here, alive? As he turned his head, more faces—familiar faces—swam before him. Kitty Winter, Kate, and Ekene.
don’t know about historical gender roles in Scandinavia doesn’t mean they didn’t exist,” the woman replies coolly. Sherlock tries to remember her name; he rather likes her. Kitty, yes that’s it.
Sherlock shifts
Sherlock nods, but looks skeptical. “Yes, but…” He frowns. “Is Sherrinford alive? I’ve seen theories circulating online that he could be, but I feel you’ll have to do some careful maneuvering to explain how he survived if he really did.”
It took an hour of stiff silences and awkward walks before Sherlock felt he had passed enough messages, calls to action, to feel they would be able to find Sebastian. He turned to John, whose cheeks were now a bright shade of pink from the cold. Sherlock resisted the compulsion to kiss some warmth back into those rosy spots, forced himself to remember that such a move would be most unwelcome.
“Get off!” Sebastian spat feebly, even as Lestrade secured him. He lifted his head and glared daggers at Sherlock. Though the real weapon lay several feet away, abandoned. A small streak of blood dabbled its gleaming surface, and Sherlock lifted a hand to his own neck. A sticky drop trickled down and pooled in his collarbone, and he shuddered. A few inches to the side…
’s mast, reaching the height of his arc in moments. At that point, he let go of the rope and flew, unaided, through the air. A knife glinted in his hand as he caught himself on the
“You’re a pirate, which means you have no honor or sense of morals whatsoever. You only work for yourself with no regard to how your actions affect others. You kill and steal and destroy property without caring that it might ruin many more people’s lives than you’ll ever see. One sailor dead at sea might mean an entire family goes hungry at port. You have no sense of right and wrong, and your selfishness will destroy everything you care about.”
John was skeptical, but he chose not to press the issue. “Does he know, now? That you are alive? Could he have told me?”
John swallows and nods. “Yeah, fine.”
John beams.
The nearest fan waves it off, moving forward to have her book signed. Sherlock settles back into his chair, feeling only a bit less out of place than he had at the bookstore. Still, John’s joy at Sherlock being here is palpable and infectious. Sherlock’s mood lifts a bit over the next hour as John’s calming, grounding presence washes over him.
voices. She grew up hearing Sherlock in all those stories.
Sherlock pretended to think, but he clearly did not fool John, whose bright eyes were sparkling with mirth. “Like this,” he said, and leaned down to capture John’s lips against his own, feeling the laughter and happiness burst into life between them.
Once again, the thought occurred to him: what had he done to them? Before, understanding John had been nearly as simple as comprehending his own thoughts. He had known John so well; they had been best friends, they had been lovers, they had fit each other so well.
“No,” John shook his head. “Think nothing of it.”
John half-leaps into the air, feeling like doing a jig. If he knew how, he would. “Holy shit! Holy! Shit!”
“She need not be so eager. I would not send her away because she cannot do her duties at this time.”
“Short of swabbing it for DNA, no,” Molly sighed. “And I had to pretend I didn't even see it. He leaned over to check my work on the assay and his shirt collar shifted. Oh, and he had it buttoned one more than usual.”
“Plenty. He’s spoken fondly of you.”
“No need to apologize,” John says. The two of them stand, Sherlock following suit after a moment. “Thanks for coming to me about it. And listen, you’re going to get published someday, and it’ll be a well-known publisher, I’m sure of it.”
John nodded. “A bit, but… I guess I have some things to work on in this relationship to make it good, don’t I?”
“John,” he whispered again, even while his eyelids fluttered.
A knock on the door interrupted him, though, and he rose and crossed the room to open it. He stuck his head out and exchanged a few low words with the person outside, then turned back.
“Thank you for telling me that,” John finally whispers. “Victor was an idiot, obviously. He didn’t deserve you. And neither did those others.”
but you craft entire worlds.
darted in every direction at once. Rain came down in a steady shower, soaking him in moments. Lightning crackled overhead, thunder crashed. Pirates tugged hard on lines, strapped down supplies or dragged them below. All seemed chaos to John.
Sherlock managed a small smile.
“But you
And there, in a small mirror on the opposite wall, was Sebastian’s reflection. He was grinning, knowing full well he could be seen, wanting to be seen.
Written before the events of How Novel.
, ship of the line of the British Royal Navy.” His voice scraped out of his throat, which seemed coated in saltwater residue. He forced himself to press on. “Please. Help us.”
wanted him. And Sherlock hardly knows how to feel about that.
John couldn’t help but chuckle and laid back on the bed. “Yeah, you’re welcome for that rescue, by the way.”
“Are you sure?” Molly asked outside on the lawn minutes later. “He really dodged a call from Holmes?”
Ignoring Moran’s continued cries, Moriarty lifted his sword and drove it down. The metal stabbed into John’s gut, and for a moment all John could see was red. Red everywhere, the flames around and the sails above and the blood below.
and you cry out for someone,
“Come on,” John murmured, heart hammering and breath catching in his throat. “Come on. Please.”
Sherlock hums. John frowns. “What?”
“You know I’ve not got any other plans,” John smiled. “So. What’s our next destination?”
But before either of them could speak further, another voice joined in.
He had forgotten about the place on his arm where a bullet, or perhaps a harpoon, had cut a gash. It had stopped bleeding, and as he touched it he found it was not overly deep.
“Of course it does!”
Sherlock shakes himself. Focus. “What time does your signing start?” He’s near the table, and nearby he can see a door with a sign that says “Authors, Agents & Publishers Only.” John must be right through there, and Sherlock feels a thrill.
, of course.” Sherlock stared at him, eyebrows slightly raised, as if he were slow to realize this.
are unwell now!” John growled.
Sherlock glanced at the other pirate, whose fingers flew, his expression amused. The pirate captain chuckled and signed something back. John watched, utterly left out.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.” He rolled over and closed his eyes. A beat, then Sherlock’s footsteps retreated in defeat.
“I mean yes, I want the characters to be relatable and interesting, and the plots to be enjoyable, of course I do,” John says, when Sherlock asks him about this. “But, I mean, I’ve never tried to be
"John!" Sherlock stopped his calf-rubbing and sat up, shoulders shaking from uncontrollable laughter. "Stop, that's disgusting!"
"Sherlock. Are you alright?" he asked. He could hardly believe himself, concerned for a pirate. And yet. Sherlock had been so caring and protective, unexpectedly so, with Winter. It was a new side of the man John had not foreseen.
“Wait, seriously?” John is saying into his phone as he paces back and forth across the sitting room. “That much?”
Sherlock shrugs and colours a bit. “I read an interview once where you said you like his films, so I watched some.”
Sherlock scoffed. "You're..." He sat up and scanned John's face with his keen eyes. "Nervous. What's the matter?"
“This is all probably rather illegal.” John had stepped closer, gazing over Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock shifted to accommodate him, mostly because John hadn’t been so close for days.
Then, he looked away as if suddenly aware of his brightening cheeks. "Listen to me," he huffed. "You've made me all... saccharine."
He strode toward the stairs that led to the crew’s quarters. One foot on the first stair, he paused and glanced back. “Whoever they were… I hope they loved you, at least for a while.”
“Perk up, it's about Holmes.”
John held his gaze. “Some people hate feeling useless.”
“Sherlock,” John sighs. “It’s not that simple.”
“Of course I do!” John grins. “It’s extraordinary, how you took little details and came to a conclusion like that. It’s very Sherrinford, if I’m being honest.”
voice that had spoken that word. John really was the one who said that word with a merest hint of hesitation in it, but also a hint of excitement and anticipation. John really was the one who said that small, simple word that has somehow set off a veritable paradigm shift in Sherlock’s mind. Could it be that he was wrong about John’s dating habits? Could it be that
Sherlock sighed. Well, there was nothing he could do about that problem from here in bed. He struggled out from under the tangled sheets and crossed to the closet. In the midst of his rather mechanical dressing, however, his phone buzzed.
’s men sustained were mortal? Look at me! This shoulder is still doing poorly!”
“Sherlock,” John says in lieu of a usual greeting, “I was just thinking about you. Well… haven’t been able to stop, really. Are you okay?”
Almost done! I'm very excited for some of the things happening in the next chapter, and I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I!
Moments later, another message swooped in after the first. A picture.
“Well, while I open this up,” he twitches the tablet box after they break apart, “why don’t you get that last box and see what’s inside?”
, but… I never thought it would become reality.”
But honestly, a stalker out for revenge shouldn’t be talking to him more often than his own
“So a day to Lisbon,” John nodded. “Good.”
“You’re just prejudiced against people like me,” Sherlock snapped.
He took John’s sword and wrapped a cloth about the blade. At John’s questioning glance, he rolled his eyes.
A small crease has appeared on Sherlock’s forehead, and John is struck by the urge to smooth it away, either with his thumb or his lips. He doesn’t act on either desire though, and just waits for Sherlock’s answer.
“No,” Sherlock shakes his head and rolls his eyes. However, he also adjusts his position so he more fully leans into John’s arm, which moves in response to squeeze his shoulder. “But I did have a brief fling with the study of forensics and crime-solving.”
Sherlock’s lips formed a thin line, and when he replied, his voice was brittle. “Do not insult me, John. Of course I cared. We were back in Lisbon barely six weeks later, and the first thing I did upon arrival was try to go to the surgeon who had treated you. But at the time, the harbour guards were watching for pirates, and we had to be careful. I ended up unable to see the surgeon. Then, Wiggins got spotted by the guards while meeting with one of our contacts stationed in the city, listening for rumors about the NOTP, and we had to leave immediately. We have not been back there since. But I have never forgotten you, John,” he said. “I long hoped to be able to find news of you, perhaps in England or through my brother. But when our ship was wrecked, such hopes were dashed.”
“Nothing,” John said quickly.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded. “If you are to be part of this crew, at least for the time being, it is best you are trained in various forms of combat. We all need those skills, in this line of work.”
Later, John sat in the galley with Sholto, Ekene, and Molly. Sherlock had disappeared a while ago, after just a few bites, citing that he’d had a burst of inspiration while in bed with John and he had to write down his idea. John had blushed while the others laughed.
“And this is—” Sherlock continues, the words catching a little in his throat. But he fixes his eyes on John, and without warning a perhaps-insane sense of confidence wells up within him. “This is John Watson,” he tells Mrs. Hudson. “My boyfriend.”
“Yes,” Molly and Greg said in unison.
John approached the chair, starting to feel a little invasive but also too curious to care much. Sherlock didn’t react to the sound of John’s muffled footsteps other than to shift his head ever so slightly where it rested on his crooked arm. A near-soundless huff passed the man’s lips, almost like a sigh, and then he was settled again, at rest. He looked impossibly small and childlike.
Sherlock makes a discreet noise beside him, and John startles. “Oh, right, sorry. Sherlock, this is James Sholto, my editor for the Sherrinford books. James, this is my boyfriend, Sherlock Holmes.”
His fingers were still on John's arm, near enough to the pulse point in his wrist for him - perceptive as always - to notice. John twitched his arm away under the pretense of scratching his nose.
“Needed to do some research.” He accepts the kiss on the cheek Sherlock gives him.
Sherlock’s fingers immediately landed on John’s now-visible shoulder, where his scar resided, brushing across its mottled surface. “Does it still hurt?”
Moriarty loomed over him; he did not have to speak. The look on his face was enough of a threat.
Sholto eyed her. “What are you thinking, Irene?”
“Well, I’ve got one last book signing coming up. Like I mentioned the other day, I’m not going on a huge tour or anything,” he explains. “I’m not
John stared, mouth hanging open. Around them, the crew tittered and beamed. Irene whooped, to general mirth. Finally, John swallowed.
Sherlock beams at him. “Thank you.”
“Hey,” a voice said, startling him. He turned to find a boy his age standing a few feet away. “You were in Professor Hays’ literature class last term, weren’t you?”
?” That was more like it. She could practically sense him sitting up straighter. “Did you see him and Watson together or something?”
But once again, his and Molly’s “pet obsession” distracted him.
“No, James,” John laid a hand on the man’s arm. “It isn’t your fault. You didn’t attack us. Moriarty did. He made that decision, not you.”
“No,” John says with a chuckle, “I just enjoy teasing you.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “But are you actually building up to the question? Because from where I’m sitting, you still sound rather undecided.”
“Tell me,” John said, voice steady though his heart was pounding. “What makes you think you can show up without introducing yourself and expect me to willingly tell you everything you want to know about Sherlock Holmes?”
endearing in your enthusiasm,
John laughs. “Good.” Then, his eyes light up. “Oh, talking of that, did you finish that sonnet?”
Sherlock tilts his head. “What did your parents think of that?”
“But—” This is his own home; John shouldn’t have to do all the work.
“The rest’ll either have sunk or is still on the way toward shore. There’s a chance we could get more here, I suppose, but you never know. I just wanted you to have a look at it, in case it’s one of your lot. Get word to the proper authorities, you know?”
“Not so enthusiastically or admiringly,” Sherlock mutters. “It… it doesn’t matter.” But he quickly seems to shake off whatever he is thinking that’s making his forehead wrinkle, and starts to smile again. “What does matter is you went against Mycroft wearing nothing but a dressing gown.”
“One quarter,” Sherlock admitted. He still didn't look at either of them.
“Oh, shut up, smart arse!”
When she reached for John, he pulled her into hugs and wrapped her in coats and pushed her on the swings. He gave her books and toys and as many cuddles as she wanted. He watched cartoons and princess films and nature shows with her until she fell asleep on his lap. He drew pictures with her in the margins of newspapers and on the back of her homework and sometimes in Sherlock’s scientific notebooks. As her skills developed into an actual knack for art and writing, he saw his influence in her love for mystery and rugged beauty.
If only he had been able to avoid convalescence of such a duration, then things might have felt less miserable. But he had thus far been unable to return to work on a Royal Navy ship due to his injured shoulder. Instead, he was forced to stay here, on solid ground. John had hated every minute of it.
His cheeks have gone a little pink, and Sherlock bites down on his lip, trying not to smile at such an endearing sight. The girl's eyes have widened in delight.
“You know, if Isabell weren’t fictional,” Sherlock says with a chuckle, “I’d be jealous.”
John thinks, tugging at the hem of his green jumper and brushing at his old jeans.
“You live
He takes a breath, then presses send on his phone, adjusting
After all, he could hardly just come out and say the truth:
His face was anguished, horrified. John could not imagine what he was feeling. Finding out you were the reason all the men you’d traveled the world with were dead would be devastating. John had enough guilt over his own crew, but to have been the
“Papa!” she shouted, as if Sherlock were a mile away. “Do you want to be Daddy’s Valentine?”
“So.” John yawned. “Yesterday happened.”
“Yeah, I was.” Greg nodded to the seat in front of him. “Sorry, what’s your name again?”
John’s jaw clenched. However, Sholto was still covered in blood, and he did not want to argue the point when he could be tending to his injury. “Fine.”
" 'Come here, handsome thing,' " John crooned, switching back to the fake voice, pulling Sherlock in by the collar of his teal shirt. " 'Give me a kiss, pretty.' "
, Rosie,” Sherlock said earnestly. The sound of that sentence, spoken so casually, practically shattered John’s universe, even though it was not the first time he’d heard Sherlock tell her that. (The first time, John had nearly burst into tears.)
Sherlock turned his head to stare up at the ceiling. What the hell was he going to do?
“Don't.” John turned away. “Not now. I have men to see to.”
“No,” Sherlock protested. He tried to swing his legs around to stand, but John moved forward and pressed his shoulders so he could not move. Sherlock gave a sharp look, but blinked when he realized who was above him. “John.”
Sherlock twisted, biting on his lip in an attempt to stay silent, and faced Moriarty.
Sherlock froze, heart pounding. If he were perfectly honest with himself, he was not sure why. “I… don’t know. I guess it didn’t seem like an urgent thing to do, because I didn’t realize he really was following me.”
John nodded. “I’m glad.”
From that point on, Sherlock feels like he might be floating. John sits so close to him now, and when not signing books—even when chatting with fans—he has his arm draped over the back of Sherlock’s chair. Even Sherlock understands the implicit meaning of that gesture: a proclamation, a claiming.
“James,” he interrupted, swallowing. “You are as well.”
Sherlock’s next kiss tasted bright, somehow, like happiness had coalesced into a tangible flavour on his lips and tongue. They crashed back together, with even more urgency than before — though with less frenzy this time. They’d made these declarations now, and could take their time if they wanted.
“John.” He lowers the cigarette, breathing out a puff of air that is equal parts smoke and vapor from the cold.
“So,” Sherlock clapped his hands together, ignoring John. “That begs the question. Where is the
At last, the final customer leaves, and John sits back and checks his watch.
John blinks. “You know Hitchcock? You’ve never struck as a fan.”
were healing well. Most of the gashes and cuts had faded, though the burn on his forearm was still bright and shiny. Molly and John had developed a salve, but the damage was deep; it would be several more weeks before the injury would heal fully. He no longer wore the headscarf, having lost it to the sea when Moriarty had thrown him overboard, and the pale scar on his head gleamed unobscured in the sunlight. However, John thought it might be fading. He hoped it would; sometimes he would catch Sherlock touching it and frowning. The scar needed to disappear, John thought, so every bit of Moriarty’s hold on Sherlock would be at last removed.
And he had stepped a few paces away, talking to some boring suit about the messy divorce he was trying to navigate. And Sherlock saw clearly then that he could hardly justify bothering Lestrade with his problems; the man had enough of his own to be dealing with Sherlock’s at the moment.
John has migrated into the sitting room and settled in. He spots a laptop on a table. “Hey, Sherlock? Could I borrow this?”
Sherlock takes a big risk, but the alternative - John's safety - is not something he can abide.
Sherlock, smiling, nods. “I would. But don’t worry about him trying anything with me. He’s clearly as in love with himself and his own ‘talent’ as some people would say Sacker and Sherrinford are in love with each other. And as for me, I’d never in a millennium write poetry for
He followed her, and passing a section of smoke revealed the crew of the
But does John? That is the real concern. John, the more open one, the one more conscious of social issues, has not said it. Wouldn’t he say it, if he felt it?
Sherlock kissed John as if he had been created for nothing else.
to thank her for this.
He gazes at John as if his mere presence in Sherlock’s arms is a sort of miracle.
John’s breath stuttered as Sherlock eased him closer, pressing their hips together. “Sherlock…” He made sure to whisper this time. “Can I…?”
The moon hovered high above by the time the crew tired enough to retreat below. Empty bottles and half-melted candles littered the deck, and the rum-sleepy voices of men and women murmured and giggled as they headed off for sleep.
And despite the doubts that have propelled Sherlock here, he smiles.
“Thank you, Mrs. — sorry, thank you, Margaret. But honestly, I think I’m the lucky one. Your son is… He’s amazing.”
“I can’t confirm the reports,” Stamford continued. “But from the looks of it, there was at least one ship ‘round these parts last night.”
The man who is… walking down Baker Street?
“Sorry,” a second voice replies, sounding flustered but a bit irritated. “However, your walking in the centre of the aisle is not exactly conducive to any of us getting where we want to go.”
“That is perfectly alright,” John interrupted. “We can cope with that. I am only glad we survived. For a few minutes, I was sure we would all perish.”
Then again, he and Sherlock have really only known each other for a few days, even if it has felt like years. Is it really so surprising that Sherlock is still a bit insecure?
But intensify it did. Less than a quarter hour later, John was struggling to discern anything beyond a cable length in front of the ship. He shuddered from the cold, which felt as though it were seeping into his bones by now.
James nodded. “What do you think happened to him?”
“What are you thinking about?” he asks.
“Leave him there,” she hissed. “The captain will deal with him in time.”
BOOM.
“That’s just it!” John burst out. “It’s been three years! I thought you were dead, but you had no such ideas about me! How long would you have not sought me out? What if you hadn’t happened across us yesterday? Would I have
And so life went on.
It had been nearly a month now. Nearly a month of the texts and the steadily growing distance from John.
She grinned, rather enjoyed this small but dramatic reveal. “A love bite on Holmes' neck.”
“Stop!” he bellowed, and everyone froze from the force of his voice. He stared around, the very picture of authority.
He took a deep breath as he stepped back around the bed to retrieve it.
John nods. “I have to agree. Obviously, if you aren’t comfortable, you don’t have to submit any work to them. There are other ways to get your writing out into the world. This sounds like it might be a company that would require you to pay them to be published, and that isn’t how it usually works.”
Instead of hitting Mycroft, however, John smiles. “Well. You’ll just have to wait and see, won’t you?” And he turns on his heel, opens the door, and barges back into the sitting room.
Plans are planned, revelations are revealed, and confessions are…
“This is your new book! This is
And that's all she wrote! ... For now. I actually have partially written one last installment in this series, which I'm planning on posting right around Christmas! Hope you liked this, and if you want, stick around for the final story! It'll be waaay fluffy, if that's any incentive :)
James appears to sense his distress, because his expression shifts more kind now. “What’s the issue you’re having? I’d be willing to take a quick look over the weekend. Maybe a second set of eyes would help?”
“Damn. I need to head to the hospital. Dr. Willner,” he paused and looked up, then elaborated for Lestrade’s benefit. “She’s the doctor I’m shadowing. Anyway, she really says they could use the manpower. Guess there was a bad car accident not far from Bart’s. Will you be okay here, or should I tell her I can make it? It’d only be for a few hours. Unless you need me to stay?”
He sighed then gave a long-suffering smile. “Yeah, I concede.”
“Maybe all this essay-writing and studying I’m having to do is draining my quizzical nature.”
Still, Sherlock humours him. “He did
Seeing him so fanatical, focused, determined, was exhilarating. John loved watching Sherlock in action, even if the nights he slipped away to sneak onto enemy ships at port caused nightmares to swirl before John’s closed eyelids.
Bloody hell, John can’t wait for the signing tomorrow.
So John does just that.
Sherlock stared at the wound, countenance focused and intent. “I have an idea. Find me a clean dagger and meet me in the infirmary.” As he spoke, he kept his voice gentle and his grip on Winter’s hand steady.
He stiffened. “No, he isn’t.”
“Good,” John murmured. “If we can’t see them, they can’t see us. You said the plan was to hang back until the opportune moment, yes?”
While Sherlock grabbed the leftovers Mrs. Hudson had given him, John asked what he had thought to be an innocent question.
So Sherlock makes his way into the building—John immediately buzzes him in—and up the stairs to the second floor flat. He knocks, and is greeted in a mere second by a still-smiling John.
John snorted. “He’s cleverer than you. The gunpowder never was the real target—the cannons were!”
“What are you doing?” Irene asked, joining him again, a frown wrinkling her forehead.
“You really care,” John murmured. “Not just about your crew or about finding Victor. You care about stopping the NOTP. It truly… matters to you.”
You know sentiment
“Nothing,” Sherlock says quickly. “I just… have to go.”
He pulled back from Sherlock and moved around to lean on the railing in front of the wheel to face the pirate captain. “How are you feeling?”
Sherlock scowled as irritation flashed within him. “No, I didn’t.”
“It’s rather brilliant, yes,” Sherlock smirked. “There are at least two levels of deception, I think. The
Sherlock grips him tighter, and John grips back. They sit there locked together for ages, the sounds of car horns and distant sirens and tipsy shouts drifting into the room from the streets below. These nighttime sounds envelop them, and wonder strikes Sherlock.
Sherlock contemplated him for a moment, head tilted and eyes thoughtful. “You yearn for adventure,” he murmured. “You have such an ache, a drive to
His tone, his expression, and something about the gentle sparkle in his eyes—all that evokes an odd feeling in Sherlock. He feels as if he has been transported back to a time well before uni, in a smaller classroom with a much less well-stocked chemistry lab, burning cobalt oxide and aluminium oxide, and watching, enchanted, at the seemingly miraculous result. This sensation returns to him now, the delight of new, unknown territory, and it encourages him. He begins to speak, with gestures and gesticulations, all about the book. Sherrinford’s return, Sacker’s quiet fury at the fact he has been lied to for three years, and the case that forces the two men back together at last.
. He tried to distance himself from the norm, but only to guard his fragile, oft-stomped upon heart.
He rolled a barrel of gunpowder toward the nearest porthole, which he had tugged ajar. A steady stream of water cascaded down, wetting the powder below. Once it was more like mud than dust, Sherlock moved to another barrel. Time to move quickly, he reflected with a glance out of the porthole. The sun was still below the horizon, but the sky was beginning to grow lighter.
Finally, Greg broke up the mass of limbs with a laugh-drenched cry. "Alright, alright, lay off him. Come on, let's find something real to eat for once!"
And yet. Sherlock’s way of viewing the world, all in shades of grey, his fierce seizure of independence, his bold opinions, called to him as nothing had before. His drive for justice seemed to match that of John’s, and now all John wanted was to stay to help see Sherlock’s mission through.
Everything was needier this time, desperate. Sherlock clutched at John, dragging him in, and John gasped at the sensation of Sherlock’s tongue, questing for the inside of John’s mouth. His lips parted, and they both groaned as their tongues met.
“Good,” John nods, seemingly satisfied. “I’m going to bed now. Goodnight.”
He stood just as Lestrade flipped his notebook closed and approached the two men. Lestrade saw him coming first and, in a subtle move but still noticeable, stepped just in front of Sherlock.
There is no way John will come back.
An honest-to-God, real literary award!”
“Cut off the head of the beast, no beast,” John nodded, and Sherlock smiled at him.
She stood, swung her bag over her shoulder, and made to depart. At the last moment, however, she paused and looked back at Greg.
And they moved, Moriarty’s sword whipping up to meet John’s.
hungry, now that he thought about it. It had been a day since he’d had any food, after all.
But he found himself facing three blades rather than one.
“I’m almost finished—”
By Sherlock Holmes, age 17.
“Sometimes.”
“She’ll be fine,” he said, meeting Ekene’s eyes. Ekene was weeping, silently but steadily, but he appeared to take heart at John’s words, even empty as they were.
Before he could observe more about the room, however, footsteps sounded. He looked up toward the door, in time to watch a man enter the space.
BOOM.
Something about Sherlock’s smile told John that maybe his omission was not as hidden as he’d hoped. Maybe Sherlock knew him so well by now that he knew what John was thinking. It wouldn’t be the first time, after all, that John thought Sherlock could read minds.
these men, the NOTP men who said those things about your father?”
“I think I know how to do this,” he replied.
Mrs. Hudson nods. “I’m sure he does. And now, what about you? How’s that new book coming?”
He sighed, sadness softening his expression. “She's sleeping now. I hope she'll recover, but…” He shrugged.
Well if anything, Sherlock mused, that got Sebastian off his back for a while.
“And that has to be right this second?” Sherlock crosses his arms and frowns. How can John ask him these things, as if… Well, as if Sherlock matters? As if he will
Sherlock shivered slightly, and John grinned, triumphant. “Oh, alright then. Just for a while.”
eyes.
He treaded water, watching as the ship did not give chase, but instead grew nearer and nearer to the wreckage. Longboats splashed into the water. John could see people on board, calling out, asking for survivors to reveal themselves.
John ignored her and made his way to Sherlock.
John blinked. He had not expected to be allowed to move about, injured or not. But not one to reject a gift such as this, he stood carefully, right hand pressed over his left shoulder. He followed Holmes above, and squinted in the bright sunlight.
Sherlock whirled, looming over him. Damn his height. The triumph and exhilaration sparkling in his eyes soon morphed into a quiet anger. “And what am I?”
Sherlock smiles, a little shyly. “One last gift.”
Ten men. Only ten men, including himself, had made it off the
“It’s okay,” John murmurs. “I think I’ve sufficiently overloaded us both with things to think about. Let’s go to bed, okay? We can talk in the morning, or even later than that. I don’t want to rush you.” He sighs, a little ashamed of how he’s handled this. There was probably a better way, one not born of frustration. “Are you tired?”
“I’ve not broken my leg yet, dearest,” he said, as he pulled the cloth off his hands and tossed it aside. He moved to stand behind Sherlock so he could wrap his arms around his shoulders and across his chest. “Besides, it’s fun.”
“Oh dear, I should have known you'd already be here. Have you bought the book?”
He could hardly believe it. Even three years ago, Sherlock had been searching for Victor for years. How had John found him, here and now?
“Yes.” Sherlock glanced at his own feet and shifted his weight.
“So why didn’t you? Why keep me? Why tend to my wound?”
Meanwhile, Sherlock wastes no time in moving back into the sitting room and to the desk. Spread across its surface is a scattering of papers and notebooks covered in handwritten notes, flowcharts, and bullet points. There is also a closed laptop and a chipped mug that has been repurposed to contain a motley cluster of writing utensils. Sherlock identifies the notebook John was writing in earlier in mere moments and opens it. It falls open to the most recent page readily; John opens and closes this particular book frequently.
“Mr. Sholto? This is Sherlock Holmes.” He takes a quick, deep breath. “I was hoping you could do me a favour…”
John chuckles, a little self-deprecation slipping into his voice when he speaks again. “Yeah. My idea, actually. Seems fitting, doesn’t it?”
“You think I can fix that?” John laughed, half-humourlessly.
“Oh,” Sherlock blinks, as if thrown entirely off balance. “Well, for one thing, he’s clearly tired. He always has a tendency to blink twice as often when he’s been travelling. That, and his watch was still set on SGT, eight hours ahead of Greenwich. He must
“I dunno, Molls,” he chuckled. “I'm just trying to see if you're sure.”
He brought it down.
"What? Oh, no," Sherlock shook his head, a movement that made his curls bounce. "No, not like that. There may have been some mutual attraction, at one point, but..." Sherlock smiled. His eyes had a fond but bittersweet look in them. "Victor was too in love with the sea, and I... well, I'm not so good at... relationships." His nose crinkled at the last word.
Sherlock’s collided with a man, sending them both stumbling as a result. Sherlock straightens up and catches the man’s gaze. Intense brown eyes look back.
He helped Sherlock under the blanket and handed him the cup. “You need to finish this.”
The pirate watched this reaction with an interest mixed with a superior sort of amusement. “You really do not like me.”
He continues reading for nearly an hour before finally drifting off, right there on the sofa. And if his dreams contain detectives, bookstores, and charming writers with stunning smiles, well, who has to know?
“Oh, hang on, it’s James. Can I call you back? Thanks.” John ends the call with Mike. “Hello?”
He raced up to the deck, whipping his flintlock out of its holster and ensuring his sword was still in its sheath on his other hip.
And it was as if the clouds rolled back and let in light, and warmth. So John squeezed Sherlock’s hand back. “Your heart’s always been in the right place.”
“But you should know,” he continues, “this is new to me too. The relationships I’ve had in the past… they never made me feel as intensely as I do for you.”
In that moment, they were not pirates, and he was not a member of the Royal Navy. They were all united in their worry for the fate of a bright girl.
John nodded. He hoped it wasn’t a ship of the line; he knew most of those captains and by extension their crews, and it would be a blow to lose even one.
“Well…” Sherlock shook his head. “I’ve actually only had coffee today.”
“No!” Rosie shrieked with the laugh that meant one of her fathers was saying something especially silly. “That’s not how it works! Your Valentine is someone you love!”
He slipped his own hand into John’s, their fingers intertwining. John’s smile grew into a full-on grin, and Sherlock felt his own expression mirror it.
More than that, he had almost spilled it all then, almost blurted out to Lestrade all his problems, almost confided in this man he had a strictly professional relationship with. He had even opened his mouth to speak when Lestrade’s phone rang.
“I did,” Sherlock nods, eyebrows coming together. “I didn’t… didn’t mean to eavesdrop.”
John tilts his head, frowning. “I told you, it’s kind of my fault the old one broke. Besides, buying it was my pleasure.”
aside. “You know how I feel about this book. Though I admit, it feels different, having it in your hands as an actual book.”
John swallowed and nodded.
John tries not to blush. “Have you?”
“Sebastian.” Sherlock spins around on the stool. Sure enough, Sebastian Wilkes is seated at a table against the wall. The bakery is so small, however, that they are really only a few metres apart.
heard of you, Sherlock. An upstart little pirate, barely out of childhood but somehow moving about the seas unseen, targeting NOTP ships and those they came into contact with. You were a bit of a folktale among my sailors. Everyone likes a pirate tale, but I saw the pattern of your movements when no one else did. Even my father didn’t see. He just saw you as a nuisance we could eliminate any time.
“What?” John sounded aghast. “No, Sherlock, hang on. I’m not…” He blew out a breath and settled farther back on the bed, folding his legs under himself so he could face Sherlock. He looked upset. “I’m not breaking up with you.”
John grins. “You know this one’s in the same series, right?” He hefts Sherlock’s new purchase, sparing it a fond glance before redirecting that same look at the man himself. It has been several years since he has written a Sherrinford novel, and it has been—strategically—marketed as a mystery with Sacker at the center. The fact that Sherrinford is back has been a guarded secret. John had had to fight for that one, wanting the man’s return to be a surprise, rather than a publicity boost. The publisher had eventually relented to his continual insistence, and John now gets a thrill every time he sees someone walk off with
at the last moment. Sherlock may be not as bad as John had been expecting, but that hardly made him the trustworthy, moral saint Irene and Ekene seemed to see.
“Sherlock!” he shouted, seizing Sherlock’s arm. “Help them! Drop the longboats!”
They broke apart sooner than either really wanted to, panting rapidly against each other’s necks and smiling. John’s heart was pounding, and he thought his hands might have become permanently attached to Sherlock.
“Well, right now,” John’s arms tightened around his waist. “Cuddling.”
“What will happen to him?” John asked.
Written between
“Even if I wanted to talk about what happened, I can’t now. You’d better go.”
Sherlock huffed. “You’re nineteen, and I’ve just turned seventeen. That means you’re only about two and a half years older than me. Besides, seventeen-” He stopped himself as he felt the beginnings of a blush creep up his cheeks.
If it was the last thing he did,
Sebastian whipped his head around at the sound of the newcomer’s voice, and he could not suppress a small smile. Out from behind the brick structure that held the doorway, emerged Lestrade. His badge was clutched in his hand, and he approached with a wary step.
And God, had it really been three years? John checked the date he had scrawled on the back of the sketch. Yes, that long. Over two years since getting the
“The original Moriarty,” he said, speaking over Sherlock. “And, incidentally, the original head of the New Orient Trading Programme. Made it into a booming industry, as you know from your own dear daddy. Shortly after my oaf of an adopted father died, Moriarty senior found me. Told me all about his work, told me he could give me riches and power beyond anything I had imagined. I agreed, of course. Why wouldn’t I? Soooo much better than my old, boring life. That was just… staying. You understand.”
“Ah, he has lived to tell the tale.”
“Thank you, Captain,” he said as they finished, straightened up, and faced one another. “Fancy a spar later?”
“So, Sherlock,” Moriarty slunk close, standing a foot away and surveying Sherlock as if he were somehow delectable. “What was your plan? Drowning my gunpowder, certainly, and what else? Planning to cut our sails and lines? Burn us down?”
“Shut up, Adler,” he said good naturedly.
And his occasional encounters with Mycroft only intensified that impression. The man was always a bit distant, a bit overly polite, but certain hints he made to John sent chills through him.
He stormed off, leaving Sherlock on the deck, eyes wide.
After a quick meal—the entirety of which John required Sherlock to eat under strict supervision—and a search for clean clothing for John, he, Sherlock, and Victor Trevor convened in the captain’s cabin.
when they had was a gamble, as there had been no guarantee Sherlock had completed his work. Obviously, he had.
rocking, blown far off course. Hours passed when the crew didn’t see the sun, blocked as it was by clouds and rain. Other times, the ocean went eerily still, so that everyone peered over the railing with worry.
“John?” he asked, a hand coming to rest on his hip. Instants later, he pulled it back to replace it on John’s forehead. “You’re burning up.”
“With my life.”
John watched as Moriarty’s eyes cut—for only an instant—toward the other man, and so John seized his chance. He swung his sword about, just as he had with James Sholto in their last spar, slashing to disarm and throw his opponent down.
taken in by a facade of fondness
A short while later, John hurried back to the captains’ cabin and knocked. “Is it safe to come in? Or will I risk being shot?”
men?” the pirate asked, looking surprised. “You are not the captain.”
“Alright, alright!” Irene called. “Let the girl alone. Kitty, your footwork is improving, but don’t let Sebastian play with you so long next time!”
Sherlock looked stricken. “John-”
“Sherlock,” John snapped. “He figured out where I work! Don’t you care about that?”
“So you concede to our view?” Janine asked, triumph shining in her eyes.
And he threw Sherlock to the deck, where he crumpled. His wounds were still bleeding, and his shoulder still burning. He could not move, except to look at John.
“Sherlock. A
He waved a hand, and men moved in, hauling Sherlock upright. They moved toward the railing once more.
“Have you ever known me to lie, little one?”
“Stay back,” Sebastian snarled.
“He likes my books, criminology, and chemistry. He doesn’t eat much. He loves his landlady but won’t admit it. He’s very observant and brilliant and he doesn’t have much of a filter, especially around his brother, whom he can’t stand.”
was the one at the helm of a well-armed pirate ship, surrounded by men and women with weapons at the ready as they coursed over the waves toward battle.
they are you, encapsulated:
“I faked my death and tried to pass it off as a joke,” Sherlock breathed. “I disregarded your feelings, and… got your wife killed.”
Moriarty yelled in fury, and John moved in close, swinging his sword around toward the man’s head. But Moriarty ducked just in time, and drove his own weapon upward. John threw himself back, the cool metal grazing the side of his face. A close call, too close.
“Perhaps a bit,” John admitted. He took the bottle back, though, and gulped some of the horrible concoction down.
Sherlock pursed his lips. “I suspect they only reveal the red sails toward the end, when there is no hope of any survivors. My arrival, in your case, interrupted them.”
“Is this…?” Sherlock lifted the cup to his nose and sniffed. “A mocha?”
Irene shot him an exasperated look. “Stop worrying. It’s still hours until dawn. Plenty of time for us to prepare everything.”
"Who?"
“Don’t,” he hissed. His voice was low, intense, almost scared. “Act like everything’s okay.”
And that is strange to him. Usually he cannot stop himself from saying things, even things better left unsaid. Plenty of people at university revile him for this, and he has developed a reputation for being rude, even cruel on occasion. So why, when what he could say might be truly important, can he not find the words?
“Really?”
“Don’t sell yourself short,” Sherlock says automatically. He finds it difficult to concentrate on the conversation, however, as he nears John’s table.
Adelbert sputters, even while the others in the small class giggle. Even John, on Sherlock’s other side, seems to be repressing a smile.
John beams at him. “I’m glad. And I’m glad you felt comfortable enough to ask me about him.”
But Sholto’s head was bowed, and he winced. John frowned. “James. Are you alright?”
“Are… are you coming to bed?”
But John stepped over, halfway through lacing up his shoes, and pushed the shirt back off Sherlock's shoulder to examine the taped-on gauze. His fingers, callused from football and work, barely brushed Sherlock's skin, but the younger boy still had to hide a shiver.
Watson sighed. “Fine. Make it quick.”
From inside, he lifted out a violin.
“Stay with me tonight,” Sherlock said, hand pressing against John’s chest, over his pounding heart.
Sherlock inclined his head, and, as she passed him, she let her hand trail along his arm. He smiled with good humour, then turned back to John.
“That’s hardly fair,” Moriarty said in a tone somewhere in between a snarl and a whine. “There’s two of you!”
And Moriarty, damn him, knew it. Sherlock knew Victor’s face, and at the moment it was full of awareness. Awareness of Sherlock’s weakness for understanding, his driving need to fully solve a problem.
If you got a notification yesterday about this chapter being posted (I have no idea if anyone's subscribed to this) I'm sorry. I prematurely hit post, even though I hadn't actually put the full text in so I had to scramble to take it down. Sorry if this resulted in any confusion!
You were a glitch in the code of my universe,
“I could tell you thought that.” Sherlock glances down, the faintest flicker of insecurity at last visible on his face. John cups his cheek.
Sherlock huffs a soft laugh. “Do you still have it?”
The words, though so quiet and hesitant, still managed to permeate into John's very bones. He knew now, what he had to do, what he should have been doing all along.
It would not be long now.
The impact sent vibrations up John’s arm, but they did nothing but bring a grin to his face. In one swift, sure motion, one he had practiced a hundred times, he let momentum carry his sword up. Then, he swung himself around just as Sholto feinted to the right.
“Hey, Greg!”
With that, Sherlock spins on his heel and departs, leaving John alone with nothing but the women’s babbling and transparent flattery to occupy him.
The texts continued.
“I suppose.”
He glanced to the other side of the bed, where John slept on, unaware anything was wrong, blissfully oblivious of the fact that a vengeful drug dealer had them on his radar again. His arm was slung lazily across Sherlock’s waist, not gripping but more like a touch to assure himself, even in sleep, that Sherlock was still there.
He turns to John, surprised. He thought being asked here meant he was expected to stay with John, to keep him company during the book signing.
So he leans in and kisses John again, trying to pour his emotions into it. His fascination, infatuation, worry, hope. When he pulls away, smiling at the dazed but pleased look on John’s face, he knows what he has to do now.
drugged—with a small smile on his face. And… that face. Sherlock usually barely noticed people beyond what he could deduce about them, but this man he couldn’t help but notice. Unassuming, plain-looking by most definitions, but somehow still striking. Handsome. And… vaguely familiar?
“You… saw that?” John felt himself flushing. Probably from the heat pouring down from the sun.
John frowns. He appears to have twigged to something in Sherlock’s voice, in his words, and Sherlock resists the urge to panic. “What do you mean, someone like you?”
is there.”
John’s reply arrives barely a minute later, and this time, Sherlock can do nothing to prevent the intense blush that once again floods his cheeks.
“I… I know that-” John murmured, brow creased.
“Hooper,” Holmes nodded.
“Watson,” a voice interrupted his thoughts, and he turned to face his captain, Gregory Lestrade of the Royal Navy.
Sherlock smiles. Isabell, John’s new protagonist, has practically been his boyfriend’s new crush of late. Not a day goes by that John doesn’t mention her.
“Besides, she thinks she's all above us,” Sebastian continued. “Thinks she can swing her sword a few times all fancy-like and be a real pirate.”
At the railing of the pirate ship, Sherlock’s lover wrapped his fingers around a rope, leaped up and over the railing, and soared through the air toward the
“You still could have,” John surged forward and pressed a kiss to the scar on his face. He laid a series of quick kisses down it, then dropped to the one on his collarbone.
John smiles at him, then reaches out to take Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock tries not to tense when he senses the shifting tone.
“Well…” John purses his lips. “I don’t know, honestly. After the way they treated Harry when she was having her problems with alcohol, I… I just couldn’t deal with them anymore. I cut off contact back when I was still in uni.”
"Hey, don't look like that," he said quickly, brushing at an errant lock of Sherlock's hair on his forehead. "I just..."
John chuckled. "You don't have to do that."
But John pounced, pressing the pillow over Sherlock and sending them both toppling over backward onto the mattress again. A loud laugh burst out of Sherlock against his will as John began to tickle him, and the younger boy’s arms flailed as he tried, only half-heartedly, to fend off John. This was actually rather wonderful, the whole situation. John was staying, John was touching him… What more could he want?
John nodded. He could not decide what he was feeling. Joy, relief, and wonder surged through him. But at the same time, he was comprehending the reality of their situation. All this time, Sherlock had been
“Nothing,” she waved a hand, even while smirking. “Just that this could be very fun.”
“Oh... okay,” he steps away, but turns back to look at his... companion? Is it too early to call him a boyfriend? Or... whatever people call people they date? He had neglected to describe him as anything yesterday, with Molly, and so he is still uncertain about the terminology. “I'll find you in a bit,” he says.
“Oh? And so you thought that justified breaking into my computer?”
With slow, deliberate movements, he reached up toward the top of his head and pulled.
“I have a question,” Sherlock declared.
“You’re not dead,” he breathed.
“I don’t think that,” John says quickly, but Sherlock shakes his head.
“Well, of course,” Victor glanced between John and Sherlock, an eyebrow slightly lifted. “Is it to do with the
She was just about to thank him again when the door swung open. She and Watson both looked up and froze.
Footfalls, then the sound of a chair sliding across tile. Molly was more than halfway down the corridor when she heard it.
, part 7 of How Novel.
“Perhaps.”
. Your next move doesn’t have to be a career. It can just be a job. Something to do. You can find your calling later. It doesn’t have to happen right away, on a schedule. Just because other people are moving at a different pace doesn’t mean you have to match them.” He smiles reassuringly, hoping he’s saying the right things. “You don’t need answers right now.”
was the one with the plan, who finally felt he could actually do something more than stand to the side.
“What’s my prize for winning the bet?” Sherlock smirked.
They beamed at each other. Everyone had gone still, watching the strange exchange. Then, Irene approached. “Sherlock?” she asked, her hand on his shoulder. “Perhaps we should deal with our guests?”
The ledge of the roof.
“No, it was at University of London, my alma mater. Besides, it would have been a couple years before you were even in uni.”
She was. Of course. Same distance as ever.
So John was not going to be permitted to leave without answering, it seemed. He sighed, shifted his weight, and took another drink. After he lowered the bottle, Sherlock’s eyes never having left his, he sighed once more. “I’ve heard of many pirates, but few by name. No Trevors.”
Sherlock woke feeling sluggish and disoriented. Several long, fuzzy moments passed before the memories of the previous day returned to him, flashing bright against his eyelids like the ghostly after-images of blinking light bulbs.
the published author.”
They both went to therapy, between work and cases. Some days were better than others, of course; some days Sherlock didn’t move off the sofa and some days John was moody and snappish. But other days were filled with kisses and smiles and teamwork and gentleness.
"You passed, I know you did," John said once he'd got them situated. Sherlock preferred to have his hair stroked after a difficult day, though John knew he'd never admit it as long as he lived. Fully aware of this secret though, John arranged them so Sherlock stretched out perpendicular to John with his curly-haired head resting on John's lap. The latter sprawled with his legs out straight, facing the fire so he could soak in its warmth.
When John woke, it was still dark outside. He wondered what had awoken him, until a nudge at his side made him twist about to find Sherlock nuzzling into him.
He sits, and John darts over to snatch a different chair, this one smaller and wooden and equipped with soft green cushions. Still, it looks less comfortable than the one Sherlock now occupies.
creaked and groaned as it slowly inched down into the depths, an irrevocable demise. A few hundred metres away, the enemy ship waited and watched for signs of life from John’s crew. It had unfurled its second set of sails, and all John saw when he looked at it was shocking scarlet silhouetted against the sky.
Sherlock tensed, but it was John who responded, pulling his own mobile from his pocket. He frowned as he read the text.
Moriarty bent down to Sherlock’s level, and his voice dropped to match it. “You and I, Sherlock, think of it. I have watched you all the years we have been apart. You are brave, resourceful… beautiful.” This time, instead of touching Sherlock’s jaw, he pulled back the deep blue headscarf to reveal Sherlock’s scar. His eyes drank it in, his fingers stroked it. Even knowing—for he had to be aware—he himself was responsible for the injury, he seemed to relish the evidence of Sherlock’s pain. “You were always beautiful. And I think we would be brilliant together.”
“Where did you get it?” Sherlock asked. Did John really think this was a worthy consolation prize?
“Talk to him,” she commanded, arms crossed. “You owe him.”
“How do I know you are telling me the truth?” John asked. Sherlock had mentioned the NOTP had plenty of landed gentry in its pockets; how did John know this man truly was who he claimed?
Two days passed in a perplexing whirl of contrasting emotions.
“It’s not bad,” John hastened to reassure him. “Just serious.”
“Storm,” Ekene replied. “You are ill. Go back, John.”
“Not more than mine.”
He had shifted, uncomfortable. “I…”
John.
He led James down to the galley, where he located oranges. They would have to do. He would have the man eat a proper meal once he felt better, but for now he needed something sweet. This had happened before, and John had noticed sweet types of food worked best to alleviate the distress.
, he types, but hesitates to send it. Is it too telling? Will it make John uncomfortable?
“I…” Sherlock lifted his other hand and brought it to John’s cheek again. “You’re here.”
He knew the plan specified sunrise and Sherlock’s signal for the cannons being disarmed. It called for catching the
John spots Sherlock the moment he appears in the window outside the cafe, and his heart leaps in his chest. Like a lovestruck fool, really, he reflects as he shakes his head at himself. The chemistry student is still carrying that old bag, despite the long ragged tear in the side. To compensate, Sherlock is clutching a textbook and two notebooks in his arms, his other hand holding the split bag shut.
John glanced around. A few deck hands had remained behind, and-
Glad to put off the inevitable gushings of smothering praise, John darts away, holding up a finger to Amber the clerk to signal he’ll be back as he rushes outside.
Instead of replying aloud, John stroked a hand down Sherlock’s back, feeling smooth warm skin beneath his fingers. Sherlock arched into the touch with a soft groan. He lifted his head, meeting John’s gaze, oceanic eyes framed by sleep-mussed black curls.
And Sherlock is shocked to find that it isn’t as uncomfortable or terrifying as he thought. John listens with wholehearted interest, giving kind replies and equally humiliating stories to make Sherlock feel less alone.
Movement in his peripheral vision made John turn. Sherlock stood there, leaning on the doorframe and looking decidedly uncertain as to how he had ended up there. He stared at John, then at Sholto, then back again, eyes a bit wider than usual.
curious about all this, yes, but it still felt invasive. Even if Sherlock had really meant it when he said they needed to talk. “Why are you a pirate?”
"Alright," Sherlock stood. "Go back to sleep."
Sherlock smiles fully this time. “I think it’s a sensible idea. We already spend more nights here in a month than we do at your flat. But what will you do? Sell yours?”
They both turned back to the computer, which still showed the CCTV screens.
Sholto doesn’t fidget exactly, but Sherlock can see in the tension of his shoulders and the set of his mouth that this isn’t a conversation either one of them want to have.
“What are you going to do to me?” Sherlock asked, voice softer than he had hoped.
The words were so unexpected, and John was so exhausted and relieved that he burst out laughing. He bundled the man up in his arms, feeling Sherlock chuckle in the embrace. “Sherlock,” John whispered as his laughter faded. “It’s alright, darling. It’s over.”
Watson dismissed class five minutes later, and everyone left muttering and complaining about the essay. Molly was already babbling to Greg about her multiple essay ideas, and Greg did his best to pay attention.
“I have been studying how cannons function, and I think I have developed a way to disable the firing mechanism. It’s complicated, you don’t need to know the details, as you would surely not understand-”
“Can I kiss you, Sherlock?” John whispers after a tense few seconds of silence. And trapped under John’s gaze, so affectionate and yet desirous, tender and yet ardent, he feels a somewhat foreign sense of confidence well up within him.
The skin was puffy and red just around the actual wound, but around the edges was a strange yellowish shade. John frowned. Had even ceasing to apply the poultice not worked?
And now, each time he looked in the mirror after bathing, he saw the lurid mark on his shoulder. It had healed but left an angry scar behind. If he closed his eyes, sometimes he almost could feel Sherlock’s fingers on it, almost could hear Sherlock’s voice whispering in his ear as they pressed close together.
John smiled. “Still. It was a good day for me when I met you on that dock in Calais.”
“Okay, if you hadn't already convinced me before, I definitely am now. Holmes always has two open.”
came out, which you probably know was kind of my big break, I was asked by a local university to come speak to the students about creative writing techniques, do a weekly seminar for part of the term.”
“Yes do shut up, Sebastian,” Sherlock said. His throat felt scratchy and weak, but his resolve stood firm. “I’m not a freak.”
To comments such as those, John would always ask what he was to do with such information. Mycroft always replied in an irritatingly cryptic manner.
“Hello there,” Sherlock sounded surprised but pleased.
John regards him for a moment while he stirs garlic that he has started cooking in a pan. “Yeah, alright. But—” He brandishes a wooden spoon. “You have to promise not to share what you read with
Well, that would do. Sherlock grinned, leapt out of bed, and dressed in a flash. As he was dashing out the door, however, he felt his phone buzz.
“Hey,” John says, for lack of anything better to say.
and admires the spine, with horizontal ridges all down it like an old-fashioned tome. “I got in contact with my publisher and had them specially made.”
Soon, their fight brought them to the edge of the circle of pirates, which shifted in a hasty effort to avoid the flashing blades. Sebastian seized the opportunity to break through the human wall and into the open part of the deck. Winter pursued him, and with the new arena, the dynamic of the fight shifted. Both fought harder and faster than ever, their feet moving as much as their swords.
Sherlock has reached the small crowd that has gathered, mingling around the display table of John's books or in the queue for him to sign. But when he hears that question, he halts. He peers between people, craning his neck until he can see John, sat in a squashy-looking emerald armchair. The writer looks a little surprised by the question too.
“What is it?” Sherlock asked, sitting up.
“No, but it certainly helps in picking up on… nuances.”
Those thoughts were what truly haunted John.
Meaning Sherlock was buffeted back and forth, a sheet of paper in a cyclone. Only occasionally would he be flung above the surface, barely long enough to gasp a desperate gulp of air before plunging back into the water.
John’s feet hit the deck with a sound like a thunderclap, and his face broke into a glorious grin. His sword sung as he pulled it from its sheath and flung himself into battle. Sherlock watched with still hazy vision, wonder spreading through him as he saw how John moved. Strong, confident in a way Sherlock had never before seen his lover.
. Not while John drew breath.
He made a few slow laps up and down the length of the ship. The wind was colder now that the sun was down, but he just tightened his navy blue coat around himself and shrugged the slight discomfort off. He had dealt with much worse than cold before.
“Of course,” Sherlock declared. They grinned at one another, all of a sudden seeming ten years younger. John could imagine them as friends, just out of school, ready to take on the world. They would have been a rather striking pair, with their handsome faces and equally distinctive hair—Sherlock’s dark curls and Victor’s coppery locks. John would have felt a touch of jealousy, except that Sherlock’s thumb was still tracing slow circles on the back of his neck.
Sailors went about their work, barely glancing at him and Holmes. They appeared to know that John was the captain’s business, and stepped out of the way with brief respectful nods. Then, John performed a double-take when he noticed something unexpected about the crew.
Suitably chastised, Sherlock ducked his head and took a bite, not saying a word. He nodded, satisfied, then turned.
John froze, any number of responses blooming and dying in his throat in rapid succession. How could he even begin to explain?
“Charming,” he nodded at the latter as Sherlock took a seat on the edge of his bed.
“Perhaps not,” he concedes. “Either way, it doesn’t matter. I… I am glad to have you in my life, even though I’m somehow defective.”
Irene, of course, was the one to take things up a notch. “No. I don’t see him as the crusading, robbing type. More like… secret service. MI6, or CIA maybe.”
’s cargo. It did not carry only more conventional goods, but massive stocks of opium as well. None of it, from what my father could tell, obtained through legal means. Because of the goods' dubious origins—according to one merchant in China—the Programme had murdered more than once to keep their secret.”
“Reading and enjoying them,” Sherlock says, blushing.
And yet. Sherlock had been so vivid, so alive, so full of passion and intensity and fire and ice all at once. How could John not mourn him?
Victor joined him at the railing, and together, they watched the port approach. John resumed his survey of the area, not sure what he was looking for but wanting to be prepared for anything.
Before he could convince himself not to act, John leaned forward and placed his hand on Sherlock’s wrist where it rested on his knees. Sherlock’s face twitched with surprise, but then he smiled. A pained, small smile, but an improvement nevertheless on his melancholy expression. He turned his hand to grasp at John’s wrist in return.
“Can you really track him that way? I thought that sort of thing only worked in films.”
They lay in silence for a while, listening to the sounds of the sea. Then, Sherlock spoke again.
A pause. “What?”
Shame flooded him, and he wrapped his arms around himself. “I thought I could deal with him. I thought there was no need to worry you.”
In another part of the world, far remote from London and its parties and luxury, another ship stood moored. It too was newly-constructed, sleek and sturdy. The name had been emblazoned on the side just hours before, and even now the flag was being attached to the mast.
“I’ll tell him you said so.” She chuckled. “He’s probably already off chasing the ladies, or the drinks.”
“Of course I do,” John whispered.
This time, Sholto turned red, and John laughed. He squeezed Sholto’s shoulder, then joined Sherlock and interlocked their fingers.
John looked over at Irene, who stood next to him. She held a telescope to her face, but put it down with a huff of frustration.
“Are you sure about this?” John asks, brushing back the curls that have fallen across Sherlock’s forehead.
“You would be compensated.”
Yet when the harbor master, an old acquaintance of John’s, had sent his son for him this morning with reports of something he needed to see, John had leaped at the chance.
“I love you,” Sherlock declared. His eyes sparkled. “I love you, John Watson.”
“If anyone is moronic enough to sustain a chemical burn, let me know immediately. This is an unlikely scenario, but from the general performance I have seen from you so far, I would not be terribly surprised were you to manage it.”
Above him is a flat, the exterior all in a dark brick, the shutters painted a deep, rich green.
Also, my computer is being weird, so I'm posting this a day early. So this chapter isn't as polished as I'd like, but I'd rather get it out while I can.
Sherlock nods, and together they head for the entrance. Sherlock steps over the threshold of the bookstore before John, and comes to an abrupt halt. John bumps into his back and laughs in surprise.
again.
But Sherlock’s arms tightened and pulled him back into bed. John went willingly, giggling. “And you?” John asked. “How are you feeling?”
“Doesn’t it? You’re making me curious.”
They were still cheering when John sat back and took Sherlock’s face in his hands.
left without me, but he did not. He allowed me to stay on his ship and cared for my injury as best he could. It was the first thing that made me think he might have been different than other pirates I had heard about. And… he really was like nothing I’d ever seen before.
“Not even close,” John chuckles. “If I recall correctly, it was some awful adventure tale involving a… tiger, I think? Or a lion. I’m not even sure anymore. It’s been a long while since I’ve even thought about that. Like I said, it was rubbish.”
“I sabotage the cannons on board the
“Alright, alright,” Lestrade said, voice low and calm. He raised his hands to shoulder height and stopped, ten feet away from the pair. “Let’s talk about this.”
“This is important work, John,” Sherlock grumbled as he turned back to his work. “I’m attempting to develop a way to suppress the sound of a gunshot.”
“In my experience, the members of the Royal Navy are complicit in certain… international affairs,” the man continued. John frowned, unsure what he meant but slightly hesitant to ask, considering his current position. “Still, all your wounded made it back to the ship. And you’ve a good doctor on there, haven’t you?”
Unless… Sherlock’s eyes widened. Unless he had never truly wanted to destroy the NOTP at all, unless he had had another agenda entirely, all along.
John smiled, a brief but soft thing, and then he was gone.
“Tell me you know his password?” John darted around behind the desk to the computer.
He loathed the hypocrisy of his own words. Sherlock had been a captain, after all. John supposed he could argue with himself that he had not truly been a crew member under Sherlock, but what would be the point? Saying this to James stung no matter how John tried to rationalize it.
Sherlock blinked. His disoriented mind seemed to take an age to get there, but-
She waves it off. “But you remember to eat.”
“Shush, I’ve got the list.” John skims it, and freezes. Sherlock sits bolt upright, apparently sensing his alarm, and takes the phone.
as it floats into the conscious part of his mind. “Thank you.” He completes his signature, closes
Sherlock sighed in relief and tapped out a reply. A case from Lestrade sounded like the perfect distraction from the mess he called his present life.
“Sherlock?” John asked as the man shifted again. He stroked his arm while Molly continued the ministrations. “Can you hear me?”
“You’re welcome, John.” Sherlock smiles shyly. “So—”
And John himself had done some of that stomping lately.
to know.
But he lied to you, a small part of John’s mind reminded him. He had hidden the texts, the stalking, the threats. If he really cared about the relationship, would he have done that?
*barely slides in to meet self-imposed deadline* Whew, made it! Thanks so much for reading! Chapter three will be up before the month is out! For now, if you have time and inclination to do so, please leave a comment and let me know what you think!
Molly hurried to the supply closet and rummaged around. This being a shared laboratory space, professors usually had to use the same equipment, much to Holmes' ire and chagrin.
So John took Sherlock's proffered hand, climbed to his feet, then followed the captain below-decks.
Wool jumper laying abandoned on the floor,
“Well, wait until you read the texts,” John snapped. Sherlock felt a twinge of surprise; John usually spoke with the utmost respect to Lestrade. This tone, hard and uncompromising, was something new.
Sherlock is by the window, wringing his hands. When Mycroft follows John back in, however, he snaps upright. John notices — and has to fight the sudden, absurd urge to laugh when he does — that Sherlock seems to be holding his spine as straight as possible, to gain the inch his brother has over him.
“Good to see you again, John,” Mycroft says. It doesn’t even sound like a lie. He’s spoken with the elder Holmes sibling a number of times, though none so memorable as the first time, when Mycroft had offered to pay John to keep him informed about Sherlock’s life. Since then, he’s always put John a bit on guard.
The rest of the day John occupied himself with checking on Sholto, watching Sherlock give him a wide berth, and reuniting with Winter, Wiggins, Kate, and Ekene. The latter in particular had been overjoyed to see him, and John had spent many hours fumbling through signs and laughing with the man. It seemed his old friends had recovered well from the destruction of the
Irene shrugged. “Sherlock will leave him here. Sebastian understands what will happen if he tries to retaliate. So he’ll probably stay here until he can find other work. But Sherlock will spread the word about him to ships we know. Finding work will not be easy for that piece of filth.” She smiled, grimly satisfied.
Sherlock’s expression was gentle. "John. I want you to ask me when you’re ready. Although... “ he swallowed. “To be entirely honest, I… I like the thought of you asking me now. Only if you want, of course. Just know… even if we wait years to actually get married, I don't mind having declared our intentions to officially commit early on."
, he had concealed that a convicted criminal was stalking him. And stalking John as well. For four whole weeks, Sherlock had elected to hide this information from John, acting as though everything were alright in their lives.
“Hello, John.”
Oh no.
“So you, what, dove off your ship to get on John’s?”
John nodded and made his way into the kitchen, where he clicked on the kettle. Making tea was automatic at this point in his life, and allowed him to consider other things — the long day he’d had at work, Sherlock, his plans for the weekend, Sherlock, if there would be any new cases soon... and Sherlock. By the time the mugs were filled with the steaming drink, and with the correct amounts of sugar and milk respectively, John had to come to terms with the major preoccupation of his thoughts.
The captain of the
“Oi, sailor boy!”
The deck was dry, and smooth.
Sherlock managed a soft chuckle. “The second. He barely nicked me.”
A jerk on the rope yanked a cry from his throat.
One hand tangled in Sherlock’s soft curls. The other wrapped around his back. He pulled his mouth away from Sherlock’s to latch onto his neck. Sherlock moaned and tilted his head back, giving John better access to that torturously delectable column of skin.
“You’re right when you say I’ve been a bad boyfriend. I took you for granted, Sherlock,” John murmured. “I left you alone, let my work completely take over my life. I’ve been taking extra shifts, did I ever even tell you that?” He didn’t wait for an answer, seeming to know Sherlock was going to shake his head before he did. “I took so many extra hours there, trying to get as much experience as quickly as I could, I think Dr. Willner was getting sick of me. It was so stupid. I just… I got tunnel vision, which I know isn’t an excuse, but… I don’t know how else to explain it.”
Oh, he wanted to play, did he? Well, John would show him.
“John!” a new voice yelled. Irene. “Get out of there!”
Sherlock’s lips twitch. “Well, I’m hardly opposed to having someone who actually does the cooking and cleaning and paying the bills.”
“What?” The corners of Sherlock’s eyes crinkled as he smiled.
Sherlock gives him the most endearing, almost disbelieving smile. "I might start the new book I got today."
John chuckles. “Well, I've got to chat with the owner. I'll catch up with you later, yeah?”
“Sherlock! There’s a ship ahead!”
“GREG. YOU WON’T BELIEVE WHAT I JUST FOUND OUT.”
, he thought to himself as he made for home, frowning.
“You want me to
Sherlock approached Irene and squinted into the storm-rent air. John followed his gaze, and after a second and a fortuitous lightning strike, he discerned the outline of another ship. It swayed and oscillated a few cable lengths away, tossed like a cork on the ocean’s surface.
“So,” John looked back, still beaming. He felt sure the expression would not fade for hours, at least. He felt as exhilarated and breathless as he had when sliding down the rope, his heart hammering and joy pumping through his veins. “Where to, Captain Holmes? What do you want to do, now that your nemesis is defeated?”
He wants to say “love;” he wants to hear “love.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” he said, getting right in his face. Expression startled, Sherlock leaned back. “This may be your ship, but Molly and I are trained in medicine. Our educations may be informal and unconventional, at least in my case, but we are the best you have. In medical situations, she and I are in charge. So eat the food. You need the nutrition just as you need the water. No arguments.”
“There was a strange case I read about in the newspaper,” Sherlock says, his eyes drifting to the side as he recalls. “I was… ten, I think? A boy drowned in a pool, even though he was a skilled competitive swimmer. I thought it was odd, and that something had to be key evidence, but…” He shrugs. “No one took me seriously, even my parents. No one even let me in to the police station, let alone the crime scene, so I had to drop it. But that experience, failure as it was, did begin my fascination with crime-solving. I read books about it, watched true crime documentaries. Eventually, as a teen, Mrs. Hudson got me interested in your novels, which, of course, led me to you.”
She smiles back and returns to the register. John, meanwhile, leans back in his chair. He always prefers to have signings at smaller, independent bookstores instead of the larger chains; places like this feel more cozy and casual, more like a place he can really sit and chat with fans than a place just out to sell merchandise.
She could not mean the other crew members he had seen; her teasing grin could only mean one thing.
“Do you like it?” Sherlock’s hands are still twisting the ribbon, his eyebrows crinkling in the middle.
The kiss is soft and rather chaste, but it sends John’s heart into rapid flutterings. He leans in, feeling Sherlock doing the same. However, this is their first date—John reminds himself they have time, plenty of time. So he breaks the contact and steps back.
John did not look back this time, deep blue eyes fixed on Moriarty. “Very well,” he said as he slipped his gun into its holster. The grin reemerged, but this time it took the form of a challenging smirk, mischievous and ruthless all at once. “You won’t surrender? Good. I could use some sparring practice.”
Two weeks later, they went to the registry office, bringing Lestrade, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, and Sherlock’s parents. Rosie wore a purple dress and grinned the whole time. They all went to Baker Street after, and laughed when Rosie insisted she join the first dance with her fathers.
Sherlock obeys, pulling up a stool at the small table in the center of the space. “So what were you working on when I arrived?”
“Considering the stubbornness she’s inherited from her father, I’d wager three hundred sixty four days.”
They lowered Sherlock into a longboat, the last of their crew off the vessel. Winter seized the oars and made for the
“Well, tell me!” John swats at his arm lightly, making Sherlock giggle. He reaches out and catches John’s hand, squeezing it.
“You are,” John insists. Now, he moves close and takes his hand. “These past months have been amazing. But... I can’t help but notice I hardly know anything about you. I don’t know much more than what I learned the day we met.”
And he raised both his hands and shoved Moriarty away.
John lifts an eyebrow. “I don’t think you need to worry about that. I doubt he’ll ever let that coat out of his sight.”
“Clever boy!” Moriarty beamed. It was a crazed look, unsettling in its childlike menace.
They lay on the sofa together for an hour after that, just holding and soaking in each other’s presence.
“I’m excited to know what you think!” John replies defensively. “So? Put me out of my misery!”
“Yes John, I will.”
John bursts out laughing. “Behind your ear. Been there since I got here.”
“Sherlock.”
“So what did he end up telling her?”
That sent a ripple of disapproving mutters through the gathered crew, men and women alike whispering and scowling. John too felt a surge of anger. Sherlock, on the other hand, did not even blink in response to Sebastian's words.
She bit her lip. “I hope not. I think they’d be good together.”
“It’s personal,” John cut in before he could try again. “Sherlock’s being followed and threatened. We’re trying to find where he is so we can get him locked up again.” As he spoke, he shot an annoyed look at Sherlock.
“You’re to rest now, James,” he said sternly. “We’re guests here, so anything Doctor Hooper, Lieutenant Adler, or Captain Holmes say is as an order from me. Is that clear?”
After a time of listening to the worry and speculation and half-spoken theories, John climbed the mizzenmast and perched there, staring through a telescope in an attempt to discern any identifying features of their shadow. However, the horizon was hazy that day, and all he could tell was she flew a dark-colored flag and dark sails and was probably a schooner or polacre. He couldn't even decide which, or what sort of flag fluttered from her masts. He sighed and climbed back down to the deck, where Lestrade and a cluster of crew mates waited.
“Not at all.”
BOOM.
It was going down, and would take anyone who stayed with it.
“Thanks,” John ducked his head. Had Mycroft said the same thing to his brother the last time he had left London? Only to learn he would never come home again?
“You can have me. In all the ways.”
I still grapple with the emotions
“I’m just not…” he pauses, swallowing. “Not sure it’s a fair trade, between you and me. I confide in you much more than you confide in me.”
Sherlock inclines his head. “Probably for the best, at least for your relationship with other apparently important writers. Sparing their egos, on the other hand…” he grimaces, as if that is not high on his list of priorities.
“The sauce has to thicken a bit, so I’ve got a few minutes,” he explains. “So. What do you think?”
Sherlock twists around so he can look John in the eye, a crease in his forehead. “What is it?”
“Sherlock,” Victor said softly. “That’s also the ship that destroyed the EIC ship I traveled on. And James Sholto’s.”
Trust John to give even a criminal a chance to end the battle peacefully. But then, John adjusted his grip on his sword slightly—just as Sherlock had taught him so long ago on the decks of the
They meant an actual fire.
“Pretty quiet, but a good time.”
Several minutes before class, Molly and Greg were waiting outside the room with the rest of the students. The door was locked, which was unusual, but not the first time it had happened. Sometimes the professor who used the room before would bump the lock accidentally on  the way out.
“Where… where do I go? I’ve never been to Lisbon,” was all John managed to say, throat suddenly tight.
“No!” Sherlock snapped. “I’m just saying, you-”
he had other resources, but he felt reticent to use them. He
position in the British government.” Sherlock’s lip curled slightly. “He’s trying to hurt them from within, getting close to the men we suspect are involved in the company.”
John tensed. That voice was one he knew; the man who spoke was the man who had ordered him to be taken below-decks. Likely the captain.
They dash off, trying to cover their meals as the skies open and drop a sudden cool thunder-shower onto them. John lets out an exhilarated cry, and hears Sherlock giggling beside him.
He strode away toward the prow, to his men, who watched him with utter incredulity. All were disheveled and exhausted, all wounded to some degree. Sholto seemed to be worst, and John felt all the breath leave his chest upon seeing him. A gash across the man’s back seeped scarlet blood into his shirt, and his arm laid against his chest at an unnatural angle.
Now, though, he wished in ardent desperation for just such an unwieldy and dramatic weapon. He almost feared the moment he would have to fire his gun, as it would take time to reload it after. The battle raged around him, men dashing every direction either in pursuit or flight. Harsh shouts, the clatter of swords, and bangs of guns rent the air, deafening John and lending to the sense of complete pandemonium.
“Captain!” came Sholto’s voice. “What do we do?”
, the memory of Ekene’s voice seemed to answer.
As if in response to his call, a pirate with a gun fired. The shot whizzed past him, a hair’s breadth from his arm, and lodged in the wood of the ship’s mast. John whirled, wide-eyed, to stare at the fresh hole. He registered with his peripheral vision the midshipman he’d been speaking to earlier pulling out his own pistol and taking up John’s call. Footfalls and shouts sounded from below-decks, and John felt reassured that help was on the way.
“Take it.” Sherlock twitches it in his hand. “I want you to read it. I think… I think it will show you some of the… sentimental side of myself.”
. “I relate to him a lot, and sometimes I get that vibe. Plus, as a bi girl, it's great to see that, even if it's not, you know, canon.”
"Yes."
“And I thought he was discussing plans with
“Sherlock,” John replied.
Sherlock, for all his deductive powers, could not determine what his own boyfriend might be thinking anymore.
“Here, Cap,” the boy appeared with more rags in his hands. The red-haired woman made room for him, and John stepped around her to see better. Wiggins peered at the wound for a moment, then shook his head. “I dunno, Cap. I can stitch her up, but that’s about it.”
“Sherlock,” John murmurs. “You shouldn’t downplay your enthusiasm, okay? Not for anything, especially not with a captive audience like me, right here and now.”
“Thank you, sailors,” he began. “For behaving in such a civil manner the past few days.”
Sherlock glances at him askance. “I dabble. It’s been a long while since the last time, though.”
She grinned back. "Welcome aboard the
He didn't yet know how Sherlock would beam at him on their wedding day, both dressed in crisp new suits with matching pocket squares. He didn't yet know how he himself would be brought nearly to tears during their vows, how Lestrade's speech would bring down the house, and how Sherlock's hand - newly clad with a shining silver ring - would never leave his throughout the entire reception.
He edged forward, eyes on John’s shoulder. “Your wound may need to be cleaned,” he declared. “My late ship doctor always claimed the wounds he treated healed better and faster if they were kept clear of dirt or other contaminants. If I may?”
“Heading here?”
He had to swallow down a lump of emotion at the thought.
“And what makes you think it was Singapore?” Mycroft asks challengingly.
There were few men on deck when they first emerged, but more began to arrive in response to Moriarty’s delighted calls. Several men approached and dragged Sherlock up to the mainmast, slamming him against it.
And as much as he knew he didn’t deserve it, he
Sherlock shakes his head and shrugs, though he smiles back. John squeezes his hand and doesn’t press for answers when he lets go. He just slides his chair a bit closer to Sherlock’s, and places his hand on Sherlock’s knee briefly.
She beams, though her cheeks go pink. “Thank you, John. That means a lot.”
“You did alright on your own.” Sherlock murmurs, eyes flickering down and away, but he still smiles.
So Sherlock is keeping his expectations low. He is a mere uni student, and a socially inept one with a strange horse-like face and an inability to keep his mouth closed at that. John, on the other hand, is a successful published author with an actual fanbase. What appeal can Sherlock truly hold for him?
“Do you feel well enough to step outside? It’s more comfortable than in here.” Holmes nodded up toward the deck.
“Is it-?” John asked, voice fearful. Both lunged for it immediately, but Sherlock snatched it first, clicking it open.
As he expected, Sherlock turns red. “Oh?”
The gashes on Sherlock’s skin screamed out as he hoisted himself up onto his hands and knees and fixed his most withering gaze on Moriarty. The crew around had fallen silent, watching.
“Well, it is the day for it,” she said.
“What?” Sherlock asked. His head was still pillowed on John’s shoulder. “I can hear you thinking.”
An hour later, or perhaps it was just a few seconds or maybe an entire year, Sherlock was still in the sitting room. He’d moved to his chair and remained there, wrapped in his coat and staring straight ahead. He felt numb all over, a condition that had set in the moment the front door had slammed on John.
“Is it in there?” John nods. Sherlock sees what he does and dives down, tucking the journal further into the bag. He emerges, more scarlet than ever.
“I did. It was foolhardy but, I suppose, effective nevertheless. Still, your sword skills as they are would do nothing to help you in a similar situation. They are a liability, in fact. Any opponent would recognize your lack of training and would exploit every hole in your defenses. I can only hope your marksmanship is more refined.”
The rain is slowing by the time the evening is winding down and they have eaten their fill, but thunder still rumbles in the distance. John leans closer to Sherlock, loath to say goodbye just yet and head back out into the rain.
He raised an eyebrow at her. At the moment, he was standing over an array of tools and notes, none of which were organized from what Molly could tell.
, he seems to be saying. And so Sherlock inclines his head in acknowledgment.
Sudden cries from their destroyer made John start. He watched, in awe and bewilderment, as the crew burst into a flurry of motion, and the ship pulled away.
“John,” he grumbles back. “You’re all so sentimental today.”
“Sherlock,” John drew out the name as he settled deeper into the pillow. “I was nearly drowned and shot two days ago. I need rest.”
again.
He needn’t have worried, however. Irene and Kate immediately hailed him, and several deckhands waved him over as well. He sat, and John noticed with a smile how Ekene moved close and began explaining the game in a combination of signs and spoken words. Sholto tentatively raised his hands to try to reply, and whatever he said—or perhaps failed to say—made Ekene laugh. Sholto smiled.
"I..." John swallowed. "With Winter injured, and Sebastian... Well. I could take on some of their duties, if you'd like?"
whether it be in appeasing tottering old aunts at family reunions or in flattering pretty young women and men at pubs. John Watson’s smile, when deployed strategically, is nearly impossible to resist.
John stroked his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. “Whatever you like. You’re extraordinary.”
He rushed to the nearest longboat and joined the men lowering it into the water. “Stay alert, men,” he cried.
"I'm free," said Sherlock's muffled voice.
Surely pirates would not trust a Navy man to be free otherwise.
“What are you looking so happy about?” Sherlock asked.
“Hello, Sebastian.”
John leaned down and traced down Sherlock’s cheek with his lips. “I’ll make it worth it.”
So. Sherlock sat back, sighing and clicking to another tab. After he’d left prison, he’d seemed to have found employment in the carnival, a low-paying and temporary job, but Sherlock supposed it was the best he could do, considering he was a paroled drug dealer and all.
Maybe so, John mused. He huffed out a harsh breath and dropped onto the sofa with a flump. He had to think this through, more calmly now that it was over and his anger and adrenaline had faded. Sherlock had been scared for a month, afraid and taunted and generally creeped out for four weeks. And where had John been? At work, school, and work again. Not at home, not asking how Sherlock was, not wondering what was new with him. It was a small wonder Sherlock hadn’t yelled at him, dragged him home, begged him to have a real conversation. Combine Sherlock’s isolation with his increasing fright, and it was no surprise, really, that he had decided not to say anything.
“Oh, come on, Greg. It was on his neck, near his collarbone. Odd place to spill chemicals or have brush against a flame, isn't it?”
“They have two sails,” the other man managed to say. “Look.”
“Sherlock,” he greets.
“Sir!” Moran demanded, struggling to remain upright. John saw groups grappling all around them, though many of both sides were fleeing as the ship crumbled beneath their feet. Screams and shouts and the continued sound of weaponry rent the air, all beginning to be drowned by the roar of the fire.
John laughed and did finally go find a flannel. He cleaned them both up, then glanced at Sherlock, who was watching with a soft expression. “Hey,” John murmured, reaching up to touch Sherlock’s face. “You know you’re the only one I want, right? I want this to work. I’ll work to make this work.”
Although Sherlock wants to examine the contents of those shelves, he is not sure that is allowed. Instead, he sits down on the sofa and turns his attention to John. The man is still writing. His tongue protrudes just a hint from between his lips, a sight that Sherlock finds himself rather taken with for several seconds before he can drag his focus elsewhere.
He makes for the bag he takes to book signings and to his classes, rummaging through it. Without a word, Sherlock stands and crosses to the bookshelf, where John’s pocket calendar has lived the past few days. He tosses it to John when he turns around.
“We had to dive into the water,” he continued. “Some of us did not survive, but some of us made it to Wales.”
John laughed, even though he knew Sherlock was teasing, was actually relieved at the lessened danger.
“Still. I’m paying. No arguments.”
So he kissed him.
“John!” she gasped.
John shook his head, forehead creasing in a bemused expression Sherlock had seen many times on his face. “No… why? Did you think I was?”
He steps around the table to pull out the chair for Sherlock, who instantly goes fire engine red at the gesture. Just the reaction John was hoping for. They sit, and John watches as Sherlock fumbles a bit in putting his bag on the floor, his books on his side of the two-person table.
“You bastard!” he cried. Sebastian had ended up beneath him somehow, looking dazed. Other hands, Ekene’s and Wiggins’ and a few others he did not fully register, joined him in dragging Sebastian far away from Winter. More fists flew, and John saw the pirates’ faces twisted with rage. He would not be surprised if Sebastian did not survive this.
“Oh, come on,” Greg said. “Mike, they're totally together!”
And be at peace with words again — it’s bliss.
So where was the source of the distant cannonfire?
"Oh, is it? Glad you approve," John giggled, and Sherlock moved over to accommodate him. They relaxed into each other, the feel of each other snuggled together as familiar to them as their own reflections. John extracted a blanket from next to him and draped it over them both. Sherlock burrowed in deeper with a sigh of contentment, punctuated by a soft moan when John handed him his cocoa and he got a whiff.
“Very well,” the man sighed. “Though I would have thought discussion of a certain pirate captain would intrigue you…”
“That would be me.”
“You don’t have to—”
“Happy Christmas.”
“Could you promise me something?” John asked as he settled into Sherlock’s side.
“Is it?” John growled. “What about diplomacy? Or your original plan, outing them to the authorities and getting them blacklisted, shamed, shunned?”
He’s writing poems, fucking
Exasperated, he shut off his phone and fumed for a while, sprawled on the sofa. He did not need Janine’s assistance in finding a date, or even just a lover, for that matter. He knew that many people found him attractive, and he knew how to school his body language and tone of voice in order to further attract them and make them more comfortable speaking with him. He did that all the time on cases, after all, to coerce information out of witnesses. It could not be difficult to transfer that to the real world, to people he actually found attractive in return.
Sherlock lifted a brow. “What are you doing in here?”
He stepped forward, and twirled his sword about. Moriarty may be the captain and leader of one of the most powerful trading companies in the world, and he may be responsible for the deaths of probably hundreds, and he may be coming at John with a sword, but he did not know what he was dealing with in John Watson.
Sherlock’s grin could have lit up the sky.
“I wanted to apologize for my behaviour when we met. We got off on the wrong foot.”
And yet. Here he was.
“Hello, pet,” she said without looking up. John frowned at her word choice. It seemed rather fond, perhaps intimate, especially for a lieutenant addressing the captain. “What do you need?”
“It’s okay, you know,” John continues, lips brushing against Sherlock’s collarbone. “You don’t have to be cool and arrogant and aloof with me.”
, where do
Sherlock sits on the edge of the bed. John deposits the bag on the floor and joins him, still with that oh-so-pleased look on his face that hasn’t faded since he first saw Sherlock at the signing. Sherlock takes a moment to glance around the space — it’s a lovely hotel room, all greens and golds, with wide windows and a fully stocked minibar. Out of the windows the city sprawls, the castle glowing golden-orange at the top of the hill. It feels distant, though, as if Sherlock and John are somehow above it all, wrapped up in their own small universe, intimate and alone.
John stepped inside, and the sight of him - or rather, the sight of what he held in his hands - made Sherlock’s eyebrows furrow.
that Sherlock had the foresight to bring with him for this very purpose.
Then, something hard, the butt of a gun perhaps, collided with his head. Stars burst into being in his eyes. All sight and sound had retreated into a dull roar around him. He sank down onto the deck, dizzy, now coated with blood. The crew of the
, he thought.
“Hi,” John beams, that charming smile dazzling as he shakes her hand.
Without warning, arms slipped around John’s waist and pulled him backwards. John went, grinning, and allowed Sherlock to guide him back to the wheel. They ended up side by side before the helm.
“I’m fine, the exam was fine, I’m just tired.” Without another word, Sherlock retreats to the bedroom, John watching him go, a twinge of worry rising in his chest. But he’s known Sherlock long enough by now that he can tell that talking is off the table right now. So, swallowing down his concern, he returns to the kitchen and finishes cooking. It may be one of Sherlock’s favourite recipes, but if John’s honest, another reason he’s making it is so he has something to do other than obsessing over tomorrow. He’s not nervous about the actual graduation, but he is a bit anxious about meeting Sherlock’s parents. Sherlock doesn’t speak much about them, so John has been left to just imagine what they might be like. And if they’re anything like Mycroft…
“Goodnight, John,” he says.
Immediately, John seems to recognize the tactical error he has made. Sherlock sees it too, and his heartbeat sets to pounding. Their innocent teasing laughter has faded to echoes, and they are pressed close together, and John’s lips are centimeters from his own. If the writer were to just tilt his head up and lean forward…
Sherlock tilts his head, obviously deducing the rest. “You’re suggesting we live together?”
“Shit!”
“Trousers,” he said, cheeks heating when he realized he actually had spoken. “On the women.”
Another nudge.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” Victor said. “I wish I could tell you more. But what I do know is they don’t just smuggle opium. They also carry weapons, and occasionally kidnap people.” Victor grimaced, and John felt a jolt in his gut at the thought.
"Why not?"
Hearing Sherlock’s name spoken aloud acted as a stimulant; John moved forward and in one swift, assured motion had the man against the wall, his arm twisted behind his back. He let out a harsh breath but did not struggle.
“Where are we making port?” he asked.
“Not really.”
He grins at Sherlock, though, as if the thought of Sherlock developing into even more of an opinionated elitist about the literature he likes is charming. Sherlock is tempted to make some sort of comment about Charles Dickens, but is prevented from doing so when Kitty, the last student left in the room, approaches.
Sherlock and John don’t speak of the earlier encounter with Sholto for the rest of the evening, but just as John is sliding into Sherlock’s bed, he cannot stop himself from bringing it up one last time. He couldn’t stop thinking about it over dinner, and knows if he doesn’t say one more thing, sleep will elude him.
“John doesn’t go through my phone,” Sherlock said, sidestepping Sebastian as he took another few paces forward. “And I didn’t let him know about this.”
“No.” John winked. He stretched out just slowly enough for it to be obviously deliberate.
he do? He didn’t know where to find Sebastian, didn’t know what he was really up to, or anything useful. All he knew… well, all he knew was that Sebastian had scared him.
“Yes, thank you Mrs. Hudson,” he says in a tone that does not quite reach full snappishness. “See you later. Or, hopefully, not. John and I have plans today.”
Molly bit her lip. “Not that I’m aware of. Why?”
“Looks like you found the right place,” he smiles wider as the man, flush fading, approaches.
still stood moored, hidden as best as one could hide a pirate ship. The crew crouched along the railing, peering across the waves.
John, meanwhile, is staring at Sherlock. His countenance is surprised, but also delighted and proud.
Sherlock grins but is too busy with a mouthful of chips to articulate anything. They eat their way steadily through their meals, although the job of balancing the damp paper trays in their hands while tearing off bites of fish proves to be a little tricky and unwieldy at times. Eventually, they settle for feeding each other, finding that easier, and—at least for John’s part—more romantic.
Sherlock shakes his head. That is precisely the opposite of what the rest of the world has told him, precisely the opposite of what all the evidence says. “I’m really not.”
“Hey,” John tilted his head down in an attempt to catch Sherlock’s gaze. “Like I said, I’ll only kiss me if you ask me to.”
“Hooper!” Sherlock bellowed. “Get over here!”
She grinned. “Of course. Didn’t think you’d seen the last of us when we dumped you in Lisbon, did you?”
“Captain?” a voice asked. The only response was a
“Night, Mrs. H!” John calls down the stairs, then shuts and locks the door. “Bloody hell, she gets talkative when she’s tipsy.”
When Sherlock grew near enough to do so, he spun about the mast and dropped next to her in a single graceful motion. Irene’s dark hair, wore long and loose, hung in her face, so Sherlock tucked a lock behind her ear so he could see her. “Irene.”
sailors alike were in their positions already. Some were below, some were topside. Some were in groups, some were alone. Each person had a role to play, and each person was armed. They spoke quietly amongst themselves, reviewing plans of attack and the different stages of their assault. John spotted Winter and Wiggins conversing together, and he caught the latter’s eye. They exchanged a tense nod.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock rolls his eyes. He has seen the initial draft of the novel, but that was months ago. Since then, John has revised the entire second half with the help of his editor, James Sholto. And to Sherlock’s intense consternation, he hasn’t been allowed to see it yet. John keeps insisting he wait for the galley to come out, so Sherlock has been forced to subsist on what he can deduce from the questions John asks him, or comments John makes. Even John’s creative writing students at the university seem to know more about the new book than Sherlock. Not by much, but nonetheless, Sherlock feels left out.
The pirate tilted his head. “If I may finish…” John glared back, refusing to feel scolded. “After we finished with your ship, we pulled back, as did your men. I feared the fog would worsen. I do not know what happened to your ship after we parted.”
Several hours later, Sherlock couldn’t sleep. He had class at eight the next morning, but the absence of John and the looming idea of Sebastian were making it difficult to feel drowsy. He’d stayed awake so late the last few nights, only managing a few fitful hours of rest, that his body was exhausted. His mind, on the other hand, was wide awake and fearful.
“Listen,” John says, voice lowered but tense. “My relationship with your brother is none of your bloody business. So back off.”
His phone buzzed, eliciting a jump. Sherlock stared at the offending device, heart rate skyrocketing in spite of himself, until he realized the name on the screen was not Unknown, but John. With a sigh of relief he ignored he made, he lifted the phone.
Sherlock made an affirmative sort of noise. He knew he should have something to eat, but his appetite had vanished with his good mood. Besides, getting out from under John’s hard gaze sounded preferable to food, anyway.
made for India, which John looked forward to seeing again. Mostly for the food…
John came awake to a bright flash of white light. He blinked, disoriented, and sat up. His delirium had faded, but he still felt confused and weak. Was the ship really rocking so much, or was that him?
John looked around and saw James lugging up the anchor.
Sherlock's cheeks turned slightly pinker, and a rather shy smile pulled at his mouth. “Yes, sir.”
“Nothing,” John looks up with a smile that makes Sherlock want to melt into his embrace and never leave. “I  just don’t know that you’d have admitted that a few months ago.”
At one point in the afternoon, while John sat with Winter and Ekene, exchanging seafaring stories, Irene had found him and taken him aside.
Sighing, he supposed whatever this link was could not be worse than
were the wronged one. “I’ve known plenty of men who have scars because of people like you. Or they’ve lost friends, brothers-in-arms, siblings. You are what is wrong with the world. I don’t care you think you have a good reason. You do not.”
“You’re not?”
The celebration died down, and John turned, refusing to rise to Irene’s jibe. Two new opponents were now facing off, Winter and a man whose name John didn’t know.
John grimaced and nodded. "Yeah, but it should be over around half one, assuming I don't have to stay over because I'm a moron."
“Ah, I see. Well, are only mushy people Valentines?”
?” she exclaimed. “Oh, Watson. You are truly unobservant to an excruciating degree. No, Sherlock and I… I shall just say our tastes run in rather opposite directions.”
. I could see the potential, if only I could get my hands on you. You long for freedom, and I can give you that. But noooooo, you still refuse! So boring. You’re on the side of the angels after all.”
“Just an acquaintance,” Sherlock says, eyes going wide as he realizes this is dangerous territory. He stands and, with frantic movements he can’t seem to control, gathers his things. “I’d better go.”
where it is cradled in his arms.
“Told you,” Janine muttered to Mike.
He jumped. “Sherlock!”
“Yep,” John replies. “He’s got an exam today. One of the scary-sounding chemistry ones, applied molecular chem or something. That’s probably not right, but I don’t know.”
John feels a flash of irrational irritation. Not at the offer for help, but that James would assume Sherlock, who he knows full well is John’s boyfriend and fan, hasn’t been any assistance. Then again, James has hardly looked at Sherlock. A surge of protectiveness wells up within John, and he finds himself casually reaching out to touch Sherlock’s shoulder.
“But you saw red sails as well? You’re certain?”
“Wait,” Sherlock whispered. It was as loud as he could be for the moment. “Where are you going?”
He did look up this time, and his pale eyes seemed especially green today. “Good afternoon, Hooper.”
Sherlock unlocked the screen with a trembling thumb and clicked on the messages icon with its little red notification bubble. He read the text that awaited him.
John felt speechless for a moment. Then he grinned. “Well, what are you waiting for? Report to Winter and Kate over there for your orders.”
“There she is,” Kate called from the crow’s nest. “
He found Sherlock at the helm, having just relieved Irene. She passed John in the opposite direction, pausing to touch his good shoulder.
So Sherlock kisses his boyfriend, his famous author, his talented writer, his John.
“Yes it is!” Sherlock bursts out. And something in his tone, in the look on his face, stops John from barking a reply. He can’t pinpoint exactly why, but he can tell Sherlock needs to keep talking. So he backs off, lets him sit there and breathe a moment, hopes he will break the silence before John feels compelled to do it.
Sherlock feels he has divested a weight from his chest and only now can experience what living, breathing, existing is. The words are out, and he cannot take them back, and he is so alive.
And when John laughed, Sherlock joined in.
“Right then,” John murmured to himself, running his thumb over the hilt of his sword. “Sherlock, dearest, you’d better be in one piece when I get to you.”
“Sorry about that,” Watson cleared his throat and visibly shook himself, turning back to her. “Did— did you have any other questions?”
John exhaled quickly, smiling. “He broke into your home, Sherlock. He came with the express purpose to hurt you. You said so when you talked to Lestrade.”
“Go!” he managed to reply. “Fire again! Take them down! Get Sherlock out!”
John moved about the room quietly, soft noises telling Sherlock he was changing clothes. After a minute, the mattress dipped down on one side as John climbed into bed.
“I said I’m fine.”
Sherlock’s gaze snapped back onto him in an instant, and his lips parted in surprise. “You… you’re not?”
They parted far enough to look into one another’s eyes, and in Sherlock’s, John found burning desire, a low flame slowly being stoked to an inferno with every instant, every touch.
John reached up and squeezed Sherlock’s arm, then began to stroke up and down. His lover glanced down and his gaze softened slightly.
“Oh, just that graduating can be a different stressful thing all on its own. I wonder if that’s part of it. Has he talked with you about what he’ll do after?”
John let out a laugh. Him, stimulating? “Right… So what do you
The short distance to the new ship and the subsequent climb up the ladder to the deck were a blur to John, who was both relieved and mystified by their sudden change of fortune. What captain would move toward a deadly sea battle for the sole purpose of lending aid to strangers? John had had it proven to him years ago that a captain ought not risk his own crew in such dangerous circumstances, as difficult as the decision may be.
Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath as Sebastian moved the knife and forced his chin upward. But he also smirked a little as yet another voice sounded out, strong in the silent air.
Right. John.
“Sherlock, look at me,” John coaxes. When he obeys, John continues. “Did you know I almost joined the army instead of going to university?”
They share a laugh, and John is suddenly reminded of his own gran, nearly five years gone now. But Mrs. Hudson has the same kind manner undercut with a core of steel. Her obvious affection for Sherlock, not to mention her protective manner, sends relief through John. He is glad his boyfriend has had her to care for him.
There was still no sign of Victor. That fact was concerning, but John shook it off. He had other matters to focus on, chief among them keeping everyone on this ship—and Sherlock—from dying horrible deaths at the hands of corrupt sailors. Wherever Victor had gone, he would have to fend for himself.
“Then, several months into this professional partnership between company and consultant, my father found an inconsistency he could not bring himself to ignore. The manifests of one particular ship,
"Ah." John nodded. His stomach plummeted through the deck into the bitter sea below. "So you and him..."
“No,” Sherlock said. He had appeared on the edge of attack when he had first arrived, but now that he was facing Sebastian he seemed in control, composed, in his element. But also quietly livid. John could not tear his eyes away.
(See the end of the chapter for
He slid into bed, shivering at the chill of the sheets. As he settled down, his eyes were drawn again to the empty side.
Irene inclined her head. She seemed to be enjoying herself now, with a captive audience hanging on her every word. “He told me, all stammering — which isn't like him — that I was boring him and if I did an extra couple of lab assignments, he'd drop the test score at the end of term. Then he told me to get out.”
Finally they settle down, and John tucks in properly to his food. He notices the way Sherlock takes very ginger, tentative sips of his soup from now on.
Sherlock grunted as his cheek made hard contact with the wood, then blinked several times rapidly when he recognized the man to his left.
“Oh, and the scene where James finds out how Sherrinford actually faked his death,” he says, flipping to a new page. “I had a question about one thing there—”
But John had come. John had saved him.
He didn’t need anyone.
“Alright,” John mutters under his breath, squeezing Sherlock’s hand hard. “Well, thank you for stopping by, Mycroft. It was…” He was going to say
John stepped forward. “We can't worry about that now. Captain, there's clouds up ahead, and if that turns into a storm, I want us to be prepared to weather it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock tensed. “No…”
It wasn’t, but Sherlock doesn’t say so. He has noticed the large sign behind a nearby table, bearing the likeness of the man before him. Recognition floods him. “You’re James—”
John resists the urge to bristle. Firstly, he wants to correct Mycroft in the bluntest way possible, just to scandalise him a bit:
“What, with that stack of books? You don’t really need all those, do you?”
Moriarty cackled above him. “Sherlock will be so sad to see you go, Johnny!”
look?
But… was he tired of the idea of finding someone?
Several hours later, Sherlock jumped when his phone buzzed on the table without warning that evening. He picked it up and blinked in surprise. It was a message from a prospective match.
but your passion spills out.
“That poultice you make. Next time you’re available, can you show me how to prepare it?”
He didn't yet know about these moments, these events in the rest of their life, both big and small, they would share. For now, all he knew was the promise they'd made, and that was enough.
“Yes,” John breathed.
and other NOTP ships must bribe or manipulate certain representatives, feeding them false or incomplete reports. In turn, the representatives tell merchant companies, rich benefactors, and nobles all about their marvelous, non-corrupt, non-evil Programme. Ruthless and despicable, though I do love with when the criminals are clever. Much more fun,” he said with relish.
He rolled his eyes. “Of course she does.”
“Here, I nearly forgot!” Margaret says when they break apart. “These are for you, dear.” She picks up a bouquet of flowers from on top of her purse on the ground and hands them to Sherlock.
Now, though, as he thought of the events on the rooftop and how Sherlock had looked at him with wide eyes and fear emanating from every inch of him, they all came rushing back. All the protectiveness and affection and tenderness he had felt surged up within him, making his chest constrict with worry, concern, love. Because Sherlock had looked
John scoffed. “You did not honestly believe I’d join you tonight? After what you did?”
Irene glared at him. He was now gagged in addition to being tightly trussed to the mast. He glared back, but with more than a hint of fear.
John frowns. “What do you mean?”
“Stop you?” Sherlock frowns.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice breaks through his thoughts. “You’ve drifted away.”
you even fell for my little yarn about Mycroft helping me. Such a little fool…”
“Oh,” John murmured. He nodded, then dropped a kiss on the top of Sherlock’s head. “Good idea. Be right back, love.”
“Ah, you’re awake,” a voice said, from somewhere above him.
John bid Ekene and Sholto, the last two to depart, goodnight with a smile and quick series of signs, then turned as a hand tugged him around. He spun to face Sherlock, whose enchanting steely eyes seemed all the more potent after the bottle of wine John had helped Ekene finish, enraptured all the while by his pirate across the deck. Now, he let Sherlock pull him into his arms and drag him back to their cabin.
He grinned. “See you later.”
But if he
Stamford pointed, and John more closely followed his finger. His eyes found the sandy beach at the edge of the small harbor. Not an ideal place for a ship to drop anchor, but soon John spotted what Stamford meant. Fragments of what appeared to be wood floated in the shallows, buffeted on rocks or caught in seaweed or simply drifting aimless.
Lestrade scrambled back to his feet first, and called out for his men to stand with him. John dashed over to his friend’s side. Lestrade barely glanced at him as he leveled his sword toward the pirates.
Greg cleared his throat. “That, and I'm pretty good at guessing that sort of thing. 'Cause, you know…”
“He’s going to jail,” John squeezed his hands, eyes wide with urgency. “He won’t be able to hurt you again.”
“Not for some in your circle,” Sherlock points out with a cocked eyebrow.
John nods. “Yeah, they don’t mind if you bring books you already own to signings as long as you buy at least one from them.”
Sherlock laughs and tugs away his hands. “Don’t be an idiot. Anything that has even a chance of ruffling Mycroft’s feathers is brilliant, not humiliating.”
John swallowed, pushed down the sour taste Sherlock’s words brought on. He forced himself to consider what else Sherlock said.
“How so?”
Victor chuckled, and Sherlock smiled. John was glad to see they had resolved the tension. Then, he cleared his throat. “Shall we discuss… whatever we are here to discuss?” He exchanged a fond look with Sherlock, feeling affection surge up within him. Sherlock could have sat on the bed, but he had elected to sit here, so close to John.
“Are you going to help, or cling to me like a useless limpet?”
“It is,” John tilted his head. “I recognized you from your photo, and your initials, though I have to say…” He paused, and smiled. “The picture didn’t do you justice by a long shot.”
“It sounds mad, I know. But give them a chance. Perhaps you will be surprised.”
Conflicted, concerned, upset. Obviously indecisive. Has spent the last few hours in Regent’s Park, probably debating whether or not to come back here.
Moriarty bared his teeth, but Sherlock did not back down. “You wanted to keep me alive, just for a bit longer,” he whispered. “That is your most severe mistake to date.”
Professor Holmes stood there, eyes going wide when he took in Molly’s presence. His arm jerked behind his back, quite obviously concealing something, though Molly missed what it was. Something papery?
“Lieutenant Watson,” a silky voice said.
“Isn’t what obvious?”
“How do I know you know this directly from Sherlock?” John shot back. “You could have spies, or… I don’t know, somehow intercepted some correspondence Sherlock sent to the
“Sherlock, listen. This is not your fault, alright?”
John half-smiles. “No. I enlisted when I turned eighteen. I felt as if I couldn’t let him down, that it would be a betrayal he’d never get over.”
“Judging from the amount,” Stamford said. “It’s probably a ship’s hull, or mast. Either way, some vessel is in trouble out there.”
Sherlock frowned. Clearly, the idea would have to be reinforced — the idea that Sherlock was all John wanted and needed. Well, that task would be a pleasure.
His deft fingers pulled back John’s partially-buttoned shirt to reach into the inside pocket and extract what he had spotted there—a piece of paper.
John ignores him, apparently on a different train of thought entirely now. “Have you written any more poetry lately?”
“Speaking of that, what did you mean by having all the help you need?”
Sherlock just watched him as he eased away and began to dress. He felt the pirate’s gaze on him as he tugged his shirt—borrowed from another sailor aboard—over the wound, and hoped the tension and worry he felt was not showing in his posture.
All in all, he likes the space. It feels somehow very… Sherlockian.
John beamed at him as Sherlock launched into a list of bones, instructing John to identify which one did not belong and what made it incongruous. He tried to concentrate on the notes, and not on the way John's sapphire eyes still managed to sparkle like that in the early morning light drifting in through the grimy bus windows.
Sherlock Holmes, age 25, August.
They lie in silence for several minutes, letting their heart rates return to normal after their celebration. Eventually, Sherlock, ever restless, rolls over again and drags John on top of him for a bit more snogging.
Oh, well. That’s a worry for another time.
“But-” John stopped himself from saying
“Against criminals? Yes, I am!” John stepped closer, getting in Sherlock’s face. He had had enough. He was in pain, trapped on a ship he had no desire to be on, and this man was behaving as though
“Actually, I made it.”
“Hello to you too,” says a cool voice in reply. “May I come in?”
“Wait!” he calls. “Sherlock!”
He must remember to buy Mrs. Hudson that copy of
John took a second to parse that information, but when he did, his eyes widened. “Oh! So you…” he gestured in a vague manner, not sure what he even meant by the movement.
He doesn’t sound so defensive now, and John sags in relief. “Okay. I made that thing with the peas you like. Come out if you want to eat.”
Now, the next morning, he could barely look at John. He wanted the other boy to stop looking so guilty every time he looked at Sherlock. It hadn't been a big deal, after all. Sherlock had gotten Sebastian off him before any real damage had been done, and yes, he had been a bit emotionally compromised last night, not to mention a little stabbed, but none of that was John's fault.
a real scalpel, honeybees,
He popped up on his toes and suddenly his lips were on Sherlock's. Sherlock stumbled back in shock, and his back hit the wall of the building again, but John's lips had followed. They were still pressing against his with enthusiasm. Unplanned, his eyes fluttered closed, and within a second, he was kissing John back, tentative and uncertain but also never wanting this to stop.
“Perhaps not,” John said, giving him a look that said
Sherlock blinked again, his heart pounding harder than before. Before he could reply, however, John’s pager pinged. He glanced down at it and muttered an oath under his breath.
“Sorry, I…” James touched his forehead, wincing. “I have an ache suddenly.”
John did not back down. “Nothing but a heartless pirate.”
John took a solid minute to recover from his giggling and manage to string together more than a few words. “What do you suggest then, your highness?”
“You can’t blame me for this, though. I haven’t done anything wrong,” he crossed his arms, definitely angry now. “You should have told me.”
Sherlock looked askance. “Irene is one of the most capable sailors I have known.” His tone did not allow for further questions.
Sherlock chuckled. "You really like that drink-making gizmo, don't you? Even though it's technically mine?"
“Just…” John hesitated. He wasn’t sure how to phrase this. “You say you want me on your ship. But you’ve not given me anything to do.”
“Hi,” he says, relieved. “Can you talk right now?”
“They are coming from the wrong direction.” Water droplets flew in all directions as Sherlock shook his head. “They needed to come from farther south. Ekene said there are reefs-”
Sherlock stormed into view, shoulders tense and fists clenched and eyes ablaze. His white shirt was stained with scarlet blood, and his hair was in disarray. John felt his breath catch; the pirate was positively fearsome, awe-inspiring.
They stand there pressed against the books, exploring each other’s mouths and bodies, for several minutes. Finally, John retreats, and Sherlock opens his eyes reluctantly.
“I mean it,” Sherlock whispered.
John looks up at him, at his smile, and finds himself marveling at the situation — he is the one blushing this time, Sherlock the one reassuring. John hopes he can continue to make Sherlock feel this way. Because the man may be new to all this, but seeing him at ease and confidently declaring his deductions gives John hope.
“Night, Sherlock.”
To John’s astonishment, Sherlock was starting to smile, all traces of shock gone. “You’re right. I hardly think an engagement ring is my style,” he said, lifted his left hand, and examined it idly, as if he weren’t discussing one of the most important topics in the world. “Although, when we get married, we can have rings. Those I won’t mind.”
He pulled a journal out and flipped it open. “Here we are.” He handed it to her. “You can hold onto that until you turn in your paper.”
The words “I love you” were a surprisingly long time in coming. Rosie was six (and a quarter, as she would insist on reminding them whenever her age was mentioned) when they finally arrived.
John nodded, even as his heart twisted in his chest.
“—I think that’s long enough to know you, at least a bit, and—”
“Colin,” he said. “You’re… Greg, right?”
The evening had been surprisingly romantic too. Everything between him and Sherlock had gone smoothly, or at least as smoothly as things can go for a new couple. Their mutual declaration of being boyfriends seems to have injected Sherlock with greater confidence than before, though John wonders how long it will last.
“Investigations into the trading industry, in England, India, and Oriental nations, informed my father of the truth of the
John laughs. “Well, you’ll have to tell me about it in a bit. I’m—” he glances at his watch, “—not quite done here. Just about thirty more minutes.”
John let a teasing smirk seep onto his face. “Because I have a sudden urge to drag you off to our cabin and have my way with you.”
“Sherlock,” John breathed. “It’s alright. I have you now. You’re safe.”
origin story? ‘It was after this I realized I wanted to be a writer,’” he puts on a rather good imitation of John’s voice, if he does say so himself.
“Have far fewer graphic images in our minds?” Greg suggested, which set Molly off into giggles again.
“Wish me luck with that,” he chuckled, then retreated into the room, closing the door behind him.
He sits up, looking around blearily, and that’s when he notices that the window is open. Just barely ajar, but definitely open enough to let the chilly air inside.
Sherlock tilted his head. “All tasks have been allocated already. But I suppose I can introduce you to my own Lieutenant. Perhaps she can find something for you to do.”
, gazing out across the rolling waves. The breeze was cool on his skin, and he sighed at the sensation. They were a fortnight out of port with no sign of land anywhere, only a small fraction into their journey, and John was reveling in it. The open seas, the challenge they posed, were his passion. London, his home port, was all well and good, but nothing there could ever quite compare with the adventures offered by sailing.
He had found a series of scrawled notes on gunpowder, and the mechanics of cannons of varying sizes. John caught the words “disable,” “fire,” and “chain reaction” before Sherlock slid the paper out from under his hands.
He didn't get any more, though, because John pulled back then, eyes fluttering open. There was a delighted sort of gleam in them, and he was grinning. Sherlock was fairly certain he had never seen anything lovelier.
"Last exam, love. How was it?" John asked.
And he stops.
“Everything alright here?” the man behind the counter says, and Sebastian steps back. He pulls on a falsely charming smile.
“No,” John said. “I’m staying here.” Then he blinked, eyes widening. “Are… are you moving or something?”
John takes a small step back and rubs his neck, huffing a muted laugh.
“No,” John felt his heart begin to race. He couldn’t let him leave. He raced forward and grabbed Sherlock’s arm. “My dearest, you need to rest!”
I watch people walk by hand in hand
John had nearly forgotten about drawing this. It felt like a lifetime ago he had found the bit of charcoal and paper in Sherlock’s desk. He recalled, as though thinking back on a wondrous dream, how that evening—mere days before the fateful storm that had changed so much—had been calm and quiet. Sherlock, unable to sleep, had gone onto the deck to think. John had awoken alone in bed and gone in search of his lover. On impulse, he had taken the paper and sketched the remarkable pirate when he had found him. It had been many minutes before Sherlock, emerging from deep in his mind, had noticed his presence. The smile had been the last detail John had time to draw before Sherlock had approached, examined his work, and then swept him into his arms.
would catch up.
He was tall, with ginger-brown hair and a sharp nose. In his hands he clutched an umbrella, whigh he leaned against in a leisurely manner, as if surprising Navy men in dark alleys were a pastime of his.
strenuous.”
“Definitely.”
He looked up. “Wiggins!’
“Am I to assume he is the reason you rejected my offer?” he asked. John eyed him, but there was no bitterness in his face or tone as he looked between Sherlock and John. Instead, there was only amusement and fondness.
“Why don’t you tell me what’s on your mind, then?” John prompted. He crossed his arms and regarded Sherlock, challenging.
“What have you been working on?” Sherlock eyes his notebook.
“What kind of information?” Thoughts of spies and espionage and damage to the Navy crossed his mind in rapid succession. He would not tell this man anything.
“Thanks. Come in, make yourself at home.” John waves at the area in general as he retreats back to a desk positioned under the large window and leans over several scattered papers there to scrawl something down.
Lestrade was promoted to DCI, then some years later, retired at sixty-five. His farewell party was the loudest, wildest one seen by Scotland Yard in decades.
He clapped him on the shoulder and made to leave. But before he could turn away entirely, James turned him back around.
“Sherlock.” Sholto pauses at the entrance, beyond which Sherlock can see various stands, signs, and queues of people organized throughout the massive open space. “I did want to speak to you about something.”
He felt the women’s eyes on him, surprised and incredulous, but he ignored them.
“John.” Sholto’s arms were still crossed.
His heart was still pounding when Ekene found him, gripping his arm. The poor man’s hands were shaking so much he could not say anything. A rush of sympathy flooded John, and he slung an arm around the man’s shoulders.
shook and rocked beneath his feet.
The air was still, the curtains were drawn, and the shadows gave the space a muted appearance. The only sound and light came from the fireplace, where the remnants of flames were crackling. A soft golden-red light suffused the area around it, which was where John finally spotted Sherlock.
John froze, his own hand halfway to meeting his. His lips parted, and he gaped for several moments. “Mycroft? Sherlock’s brother?”
A few harrowing seconds of falling through the air, then—CRASH. He landed, hard, on the wooden platform, legs collapsing out from under him and one slipping off the plank entirely. But Lestrade was there, dragging him upright. It seemed he had managed to dispatch his other opponent, but he and John did not stop to speak to one another. Rather, they launched themselves forward onto the decks of the enemy ship.
Wiggins arrived as they were about to began and examined John’s shoulder.
Sherlock sighed and twirled a lock of hair around his finger. Finding Sebastian was proving more challenging than he had expected. The residential records had yielded to him any leads, and cracking the firewall of London’s CCTV network was above his abilities for now. He’d need to hone his hacking skills a bit. Pity Mycroft did not yet have clearance; that would have streamlined this entire process.
Sherlock bites his lip again and his eyes—
John blushed and grappled for something else to say. “So… so what happened to him?” he asked, lamely.
“Sure,” she nodded, startled but pleased. There was no sign of the girl’s phone in sight.
And John… John would never forgive him for that. Just as Sherlock would never forgive himself.
He hoped it wasn't just him. He hoped desperately, while he added dollops of whipped cream and sprinkles of cinnamon to their drinks, that Sherlock felt the same way.
Then, John moved forward again, reaching out. This time, Sherlock allowed himself to be tugged forward, almost pressed flush against John. Their eyes met, then Sherlock's gaze flicked down to John's lips.
Sherlock regarded him flatly for a moment, but then inclined his head with a slight smile. “It’s alright, Victor. We’re both rather like ghosts by now. I myself did not tell Mycroft I was still alive for ages.”
The wig of coppery locks fell away, revealing close-cropped dark brown hair beneath.
He emerged and nearly collapsed all over again at the sight before him. A ship, a massive, dark-hulled horror of a thing, was alongside them.
This time, a great crash accompanied the sound. A cannonball burst inside and rocketed through the galley. John, along with most of the others, was thrown to the floor from the impact. He scrambled up immediately.
Feeling like an insect pinned to a board?
Taps on the keyboard —
a genius graduate chemistry student. It’s a wonder you get any time for pleasure reading,” John rubs his neck. “I feel a bit flattered.”
“Well,” John cuts in. He doesn’t quite know what to make of this conversation, but does know he doesn’t want it continuing. “We’d better be going. And you probably need to get that shopping home, yeah?”
“They didn’t even shoot across the bow,” John gasped. “No warning for us at all, just used the fog to sneak up on us.”
Distance and time had lessened the red-hot anger John had felt about the Dutch ship. He still loathed that men had died, and Sherlock had not helped, but now John wondered if he had been wrong…
Sherlock’s head ducks a little, an utterly endearing expression on his face. A combination of shy and amused. “I do, only… Digestion slows me down.”
“Don’t,” Sherlock cut him off. There was the tone, the one that said
“What do I do?” he asked. “Where do we begin?”
“I’d rather you tell me.”
“Good,” Sherlock inclined his head decisively. “Good riddance.”
Sherlock chuckled. "Yes, of course. And pizza."
—flutter and bounce about and nearly derail John’s train of thought. The idea of losing his chance, however, spurs him back into action.
confessed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No,” John shook his head. “Listen.” He sighed, as if bracing himself, then fixed his eyes on Sherlock’s. “I thought, a lot, yesterday and last night. I barely slept… I think I got like two hours of rest. I’ve been going crazy over you.”
Sherlock chuckles. “An arbitrary marking of time. This is not more significant than any other night of the year.”
John shakes his head a bit, resolved, then turns to the two women. “Would you excuse me for a moment, ladies?” He gives them the charming smile he knows just
James raises his eyebrows as he shifts the bags to one hand and shakes Sherlock’s hand. “The famous Sherlock? I’m glad to finally meet you.”
One month has passed since Sherlock and John’s confrontation with the Spider.
Sholto gives him a slightly curt smile and hands over the small laminated card with the convention logo and the word “GUEST” in large letters. Sherlock clips it on his shirt, feeling a bit of a thrill as he does so.
“Only after you practically forced three drinks into me,” Sherlock groused. “It probably sounded horrendous.”
But John hardly heard any of it; he crouched over Sherlock, the only important sight to him in that instant being the pirate’s face.
Why was he the only one who could see how badly Sherlock had handled this? Why wasn’t Lestrade even upset about Sherlock breaking into his computer?
John turned to him again, and his eyes were serious, intense. “You,” he murmured. “You’re my so much more.”
“Yes, as a fearsome sailor-turned-pirate, capable of felling men while swinging on a rope.” Sherlock was blushing, cheeks going all rosy, and he ducked his head. “Please. I doubt anyone aboard this ship believes either of us are as formidable as the tales will say.”
. “How did you get her? And why vanish after the wreck? Even Mycroft had not heard from you.”
Moriarty giggled again, the sound echoing through the space. Sherlock suppressed a shiver. “I was undercover at the time. You’re right when you said the East India Company is my worst opponent—well, other than you. I was on one of their ships, but… it got tedious. You know how it is.”
She shrugged. “Last I saw, he was below. Probably still chatting up your first mate,” she smirked.
“Oh, no, this is... fine,” she swallowed, feeling a slight flush blossom on her cheeks. “I'm almost finished anyway.”
“Ekene,” John waved to get the man’s attention, then began to sign one-handed, the other clutching the wheel. “Can you calculate precisely what direction we need to turn to intercept them?”
"John, no!" Sherlock half-groaned, half-laughed.
“Aww, come on,” Adelbert replies. “It sounds completely unrealistic.”
Sherlock chuckled, and his countenance shifted into a decidedly teasing look. “Of course. After all, I was a pirate first.”
His swing reached its height, held him suspended for an instant, then began its reverse arc. John gritted his teeth as the gangplank approached again, and then, at a moment he hoped was the right one, let go of the rope.
Sherlock shifts under the scrutiny. “I’m still in uni for my graduate degree, chemistry.”
“He’d tell you he occupies a minor position in the British government,” Sherlock explains. “But it’s more than that. He’s rising through the ranks quickly, and growing more intolerable all the while.”
John hesitates a second too long. Sherlock leans back, eyes widening. “You do,” he says, dread settling onto his chest like a physical weight. “You do think that.”
“He likes men. And by
“But-”
“Not bad.” Sherlock goes back to reading his book, simultaneously sending his fingers flying across the keyboard of his laptop. “I’m almost done.”
, one of the most vicious motivators in crime—and life in general, he supposed—if he himself had never experienced it, even once?
. He both wants to stay here in this beautiful shop, surrounded by words and John’s gentle touch, and also to be somewhere alone, so that he might be entirely enveloped by the remarkable man beside him. This contraction thrills and frightens him in equal measure: what a power John seems to hold over him. Sherlock has never taken a risk like this, and he wills himself not to physically tense at the thought, and at the strange exhilaration the thought carries with it.
Rosie’s tenth birthday came and went.
He moved his hand from Sherlock’s chin to his jaw, cradling it gently. As he did, he felt Sherlock lean into the touch. The puff of his sigh against John’s skin was a vow, an acceptance of an offer, and a temptation all in one.
He hoped. Though, he noted with more than a hint of bitterness, he wasn’t even sure what John’s schedule was any longer.
“Yes,” Holmes replied. “The same kind we drank that first night at Angelo's. Remember? Our first case, after class.”
a Grinch about it all. He humoured John’s insistence they go to a holiday market (albeit with obvious reluctance if not outright verbal complaints). He also went to the university staff party as his date, and now, John is getting a Christmas morning kiss.
"Okay," John sighed, though his face was still not unlike a beet. "So... do you think I could... try it again?"
“John,” he sighs, “I missed you.”
