“I was blind,” Dean said, “and proud. I took you for granted, and I can do better. Be better. For- for you.”
"Why?" Cas asked mutinously.
The door opened and Sam popped his head in, looking entirely too pensive for this early in the morning. He took a strange little breath before entering completely and shutting the door behind him, and leaned on it, effectively trapping Dean in there with him. He didn't speak, and Dean wasn't about to open up a conversation. It was a matter of who would break first, and either speak (or just leave, in Sam's case. Please leave, man.)
Dean grumbled to himself as he flicked the bedside lamp on. Skipping his robe, he pulled on some sweatpants, wrapped himself up in the brown fleece blanket that topped his sheets and grabbed his phone. Fortified, he braved the bunker hallways, walking their tiled floors under the cast of weak greenish-yellow light with no real end destination set in his mind.
"Eileen had a long-term girlfriend when she was in her twenties, and they dated a man for some time, together. All before we all met her, of course. Did you know that?"
Cas adjusted the covers around his waist and propped himself up against the headboard, oblivious to the noise in Dean's head.
"You're welcome!" Dean said brightly, tearing into the cupcake half. Something came to mind and he set the cake back down. "Grandma?" he asked, his voice small.
, Dean realized, appalled, and snuck a glance at him. He only saw the back of his head, since Cas was leaning on the door and looking out the window, chin propped up on his hand, humming along to the music.
Cas just laughed and looked back to the road. Dean went back to staring out the window at the fields rolling by, warm and comfortable and considering a nap.
"The... The price was my life."
"Society isn't always right," Cas answered patiently. "Many people prefer monogamy, sure, but some people are their happiest with a group. It's unorthodox, I suppose, but there is nothing wrong with them pursuing a relationship with Rowena, if they so choose. Each aspect of love is a blessing. A group of lovers is no less in their devotion for numbering more than two."
He's been asked this question before. He's
(See the end of the chapter for
Bobby’s eyes widened in the periphery of Dean’s vision as time seemed to swirl and slow down to a crawl- clearly, he hadn’t expected this either.
Then, he hit his head on the fucking faucet and made the stupidest noise he'd ever heard, a yelp-grunt-choking sound, and fell on his bare ass, on the cold tile floor.
. He set the pot down and swiped at his eyes with his sleeve, rubbing at them furiously to try to make them stop their stupid, useless watering.
Cas shrugged, silently texting Claire back. "Oh!" he said, "we might have enough service again to play the song, let me check."
him in his life. Or he used to, anyway.
“Wait.” Jack says, his voice flat. “That’s not… I don’t think that’s blood, Sam.”
A much longer silence followed Sam's question, heavy with answers Cas clearly knew but was entirely unwilling to provide. Dean was really starting to consider turning around, skipping dinner and going to bed so he could pretend this never happened. A part of him- a big part- wondered if he'd been leading the angel on.
Of course, Sam said yes in Detroit. So why dream about that? He lived it every day. The redundancy was irritating at best.
It was chilly in the hall, so much so he would be tempted to sweep the place with EMF if he didn't know better. It was just one of the prices they paid for living underground like some kind of mole. As it was, he was almost tempted to turn right around and crawl back into bed. Almost. Coffee and food and
, and later, in some future, prefer not-Dean, and leave.
. He didn’t know if he’d ever get used to dreaming, as unsettling and involuntary as it was. It felt like the unfair hijacking of an otherwise enjoyable human bodily function, and he resented it altogether. He snagged a bit of weed from his stash and tucked it in next to his flask, sweeping out the cabin door and into the frigid morning sunshine, giving Chuck a lazy wave as he ambled past his cabin to the truck lot, kicking little pebbles across the packed dirt at imaginary targets with a super-human precision that grated strangely on him today.
They were so, so fucked.
"When's the wedding?" Dean asked curiously, finishing the last of his toast and eyeing the small stack remaining on the island, trying to decide if he wanted another piece.
Dean laughed. "It's a saying," he said. "It means that I'd make a bet on it being the same thing we caught if someone offered, because I'm confident."
"Okay, fine!" Dean said. "Whatever, man, it's too early for this, even from you."
"Like I said, we don't have to go see it," Cas said huffily. "I'll keep looking."
"I really am sorry," he said miserably. "You gotta know how much you mean to me, man."
"Okay, okay," Sam said hastily. "I don't- I don't need details, man."
“I know you did, Cas,” Dean said. “Thank you. I- thank you. You were right, about everything, and I should have listened to you. I was wrong. I should have trusted you.” The words tasted like poison in his mouth. A part of him meant it. A part of him was just desperate enough to say anything. The rest of him wanted to see the cold monster in front of him dead. But how could he turn back now, without sentencing them all to death? If he played his cards right, he might even be able to save Castiel. Surely if he could get him to let go of those souls, he’d start to see reason, would be
so.... that happened. i love hearing what you guys have to say, so don't be shy with feedback! you can also find me at @cwsnipersunion or @hisbloodyhandprint on tumblr.
"Oh, man," Dean said, a grin taking over. "You're gonna love it. It's the best soup in the world, and that's no joke."
They sat there quietly a little while longer, the great oak clock ticking softly in the hallway. It rang eight times, and a toilet flushed upstairs.
"Do they not trust me?" Dean interrupted, his words spilling out so quickly they threatened to blend together. "Do they think I'd be a bigot, or something? Because I'm not!" He wracked his brain for some kind of proof, latching on to: "Charlie! And Claire- I love them! There's nothing wrong with people being gay. Clearly. Even if I'm not gay, I know that. I'm not an idiot. I might not get this whole polyamory thing, but I can try-"
"Wait," Dean said, smacking his hand down on the table of either side of his plate, making his fork jump, "What did you do?"
"Okay, we can wait," Dean said.
to an easily presented opportunity like the detachment alcohol could offer, mattered to him.
"We haven't decided yet, actually," Sam said. "Maybe July? I don't know. We don't want something massive, but it still takes planning."
"I know, Dean," Cas answered. "I know. It's alright. Truly. I'm sorry, too." Dean relaxed, if only incrementally.
When had their habits merged into one creature? When had they stopped simply existing around each other and started existing together? And why, fucking Jesus, why had he not noticed until now, when he’d barely managed to avert another ‘losing Cas’ crisis?
meet someone and you love them
"Dean, it's so late," Cas admonished. "We have to see the house tomorrow, and you can't drive unless you get some sleep."
“And she’s gonna kill you, and then she’s gonna kill me.” When he finally does meet Dean’s gaze, the fleeting moment doesn’t bring the relief Dean thought it might. Instead, it makes his heart hurt, and it’s not even Billie’s weird witchy magic crap this time, it’s the ache of
His eyes lingered on Dean’s face, tracing his freckles, his eyelashes. Whatever he was looking for, he didn’t seem to find it. Castiel’s face hardened into stone, his next words iron. “I have no family.”
on top of the pile of books at the side of the desk. "And how would we explain our lack of a vehicle to the agent? Even you have to admit it would seem odd. And I'm not transporting a car just for appearance's sake, so don't even try asking," he added.
Dean Winchester, Domestic Dad extraordinaire. Yeah. He could work with that.
"No," Cas said, smiling, and choking, and took Dean's cheek in the palm of his hand with a terrible ache rising in his throat. "I can't."
How did Cas do it? That sincerity so sure and true it's almost always painful to be on the receiving end of? He somehow had a way of making Dean feel vulnerable, even though he almost certainly was not under attack. Cas just paid him a compliment, he thinks, but he feels like he might die from the weight of it still ringing in his ears. He suddenly wondered if what Sam said earlier that day holds any weight- and if Cas might regret this, might regret
, Dean thought hysterically, clutching Sam's gift with sweaty hands.
"I asked Eileen to marry me, and she said yes!" Sam shouted.
"Did you need something else?" Cas asked, concerned this time.
“No, I’m not finished yet,” he said firmly, with the ghost of a cold smile tugging on his features. “Raphael had many followers, and I must-” Cas paused, choosing his words, “
"I wouldn't get rid of this," Cas said, holding it up in front of himself and inspecting the label on it before fixing his eyes on Dean. He could feel the pressure of Cas's gaze on his cheekbone, his temple. "It was a gift from you."
before being sucked back out to rejoin the larger body of water and craft new shapes in an endless cycle of creation. He leaned back on his hands and turned his face up into the sunlight- warm, bright, gold, and let it kiss skin that had lived underground and in the shadows for far too long. It felt so good to sit there and breathe in the mild air, with nothing to do and nowhere else to be. His eyes drifted shut as he luxuriated in the moment like a cat stretching out on silky sheets and listened to the soft babbling of the water.
He wants to tell him. He reaches out to take Cas by the arm, but there’s something on Cas’s face. While he’s been standing there like a statue and waiting for Dean to join him underneath the rustling canopy, a tear has made its way onto his left cheek, suspended there like a glittering little betrayal.
Fourth, Dean does something very, very stupid.
"Is it working?" Cas asked, perking up.
Looking directly at Cas from his lap didn't seem like such a great idea anymore. He flushed. "That if we did something you'd regret it," he bit out, embarrassed.
with every gentle little push.
you, Dean," he admitted, looping his arms around Dean's waist, "in every way possible." He paused, then squinted suspiciously. "And what? Thinking what?"
Where did they go?
, his blue eyes tender with an emotion he couldn’t name. “I’m not going anywhere, Dean. There’s nowhere else I’d rather be than with you. I’ve made my choice. That’s not going to change.”
Castiel’s eyes softened. They stopped glowing.
Cas nodded, solemnly, and laid a hand on Dean's arm. The weight of it was... grounding. Good. "We'll do it, Dean. We'll go see the sea, someday. Soon. I promise." He paused. "You have your whole life ahead of you, finally. If you want to see the ocean, we will. After everything," he squeezed Dean's arm, "you deserve it. You deserve to be-"
"I'm sure he'll be a perfect angel," Amara teased dryly. "Or, rather, a perfect little nephil. Isn't that right, Jack?"
"Mornin', sunshine," Dean said gruffly, his voice gravely and just a little hoarse with disuse. "Sleep well?" he asked, then huffed out a little laugh to himself at the sound of the words. "I sound almost as weird as you, man. Like,
“Why what?” he asks, digging his keys out of his pocket and unlocking the bunker door.
"Not really," Dean said, trying to wrap this thing- whatever it was- up as quick as possible. "Anyway, why are you so obsessed with me and Cas lately? You got a crush, Samantha? You wanna pull Cas's pigtails? Cause last I checked you're a taken man."
Dean forged on desperately. “You’re full of nuke. It’s not safe, so before the eclipse ends, let’s get them souls back to where they belong.” Oh, he felt like he was going to be sick.
"I didn't do anything bad, Dean, I-"
," he said, betrayed.
them anymore.
"Hey, Dean," Sam replied, stirring something on the stove. Probably his weird egg white scramble shit he liked so much, with little bell pepper chunks and feta cheese in it. He'd never admit it to Sam's face, but it was actually pretty decent.
“Toilet paper, milk, cheese, butter,” he interrupted, “plus sugar, flour, canned fruit, hygiene products, toothpaste, toilet paper, coffee, meat if we can get it, .35 and 9mm ammunition, mechanical oil, gasoline, propane, rubbing alcohol, gauze, surgical tape, toilet paper, paracetamol, and oh, toilet paper again!” Cas recited dryly, rolling his eyes. “You gave us a written list yesterday. Twice. Couldn’t fuck up blackout drunk.”
"Does he even know that you're in love with him?" Sam asked bluntly, cutting Cas off mid justification. Dean jumped in surprise and bit his tongue hard enough that the taste of copper immediately flooded his mouth.
"Cas asked most of them," Dean shrugged. "What's the area like? The town, the neighbors?"
Cas's eyes snapped up and met his, pinning him in place. He dropped the book to the nightstand.
First, he heard footsteps in the hallway behind him, coming in quick.
“Aren’t you glad to see me?” he asks instead, trying for some of his usual laissez-faire bravado and falling miserably short.
with where my life has taken me. I'm happy
hurt right in his chest like when Billie was squeezing his heart. But of course, he wasn't dying. It was just a song, but something about it was so beautiful and terrible that it reached down right into his center and grabbed on to his ribs, pulling the most gut-wrenching sense of longing out of him. He realized, as he listened and wished and felt himself break, that he'd never seen the ocean. He had never been to a little seaside town perched up on the coastal rock-faces and let himself dream, had never gotten close. But somehow he felt, still, that longing, aching nostalgia for some connection, some thing he'd never had. He wanted to tell Cas, make him understand. But how could he? He couldn't even understand, himself.
Dean wasn't sure how long they had just stood there hugging before he forced Cas into some sweatpants and comfy t-shirt, but Sam was still there in the kitchen when they stumbled in. He waved them towards the pot and went back to sipping from his own mug, and from there things went back to normal. Back to the way they were before.
Cas tilted his head. "That's not possible. I
"A Polaroid, yeah," Dean said. And yeah, he was an emotional trainwreck right now and probably in shock, but his soup
"Like, the apple pie life?" he laughed darkly. "Hell, you've had that. I have, and I threw it away. It just never fit, no matter how bad I wanted it. A wife, a picket fence. Did you want that?" He didn't wait for an answer. "Every hunter does, every damn one. Of course you gotta, too. You know," he rambled out, "when you meet somebody, move out, get married, have a baby-" he felt a sudden rush of anger, irrational and all-consuming. "When you leave, call me up sometimes, yeah?"
Cas smiled thinly and indicated his bowl. "If you always cook as well as you have this soup it will hardly be some sort of trial for me to live with you, Dean."
His alarm was going off. He poked at the screen half-blind with the fuzziness of sleep, hoping he'd hit the snooze button when the noise finally stopped.
"Yeah okay, whatever, mom," Sam brushed him off. "You do realize that story doesn't make any sense, right? Dean, if you were asleep, how is that any different than Cas sitting in the library by himself? Dude, you're buying a house together, he's pretty much the only person you hang out with, and now he's spending the night with you," he listed off, gesturing wildly as he counted his points on his fingers. "What if that sort of thing matters to him? What aren't you telling me?" he asked, getting more worked up by the second.
, and Cas was swaying just a bit with the blade still stuck in his back
"What can I say, Plant and Page are geniuses," Dean started. "No one cares if it's a cliche. The poetry, the music, they speak for themselves, man. Even cliche shit can seem revelatory when you experience it like this."
"Yeah, I think we can," he said. "It's been in pretty damn short supply."
In the void, a new being takes his place.
"Excuse me?" Cas rumbled dangerously, freezing in place. Dean dropped the tie and laughed.
April 19th, 2012, under the peak of the Lyrids meteor showers, Cas flew for the last time, right up to the gates of the camp.
, Dean." He made it sound like a vow, his eyes just a little too bright, too intense, too blue to be human.
Cas wasn't back yet, wouldn't be until at least eight or so, and Sam wouldn't be back until even later in the evening. Dean had already wrapped his present, which was a pretty damn awesome surprise, if you asked him. Maybe he could take that drive once he put everything away- go fishing at the river, even. Getting another tank of gas wouldn't break Charlie's magic card. What else was he gonna do, rattle around the bunker and wait for everyone else to get back? Not likely. He set the envelope on the kitchen counter and set off into the world again.
Throat a little dry, Dean coughed. "Yeah, go for it. Get cozy."
“I know the way, Sam,” Jack answers cautiously. They’ve gone this way hundreds of times. He might not have been the one driving, then, but he knows how to get home.
"Well, turns out this Charlie is just as good with computers as the other Charlie. Cas knows more about it than I do, but basically she wiped our names clean, just- scrubbed our records and gave us good credit scores to boot. Hell if I know how she did it, but she's scary, dude. We owe her, like, so bad now."
Cas looked over to Dean, his face softening incrementally but still distinctly
But in the moment, the thing almost has Cas, and Cas isn't moving.
Cas kissed him back. "Of course."
Cas rolled his eyes. "I wasn't...
? He was the reason Cas loved anyone because he learned how to love people from Dean, first. That meant everything. He was good with that.
"What?" Cas asked, startled.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Sam said, annoyed. "Rowena is important to me, and Eileen knows that."
"Soon, honey," she said, choking up and rocking him again. "So, so soon."
"Just how far are we talking?" Dean asked, pushing his henley's sleeves up to his elbows.
in Heaven.
"Bitch," Dean said, drying off his hands and his face, since that was a problem now, apparently. "What are you turning, ten?"
Okay, burn. "I'm a freaking
Instead, he got to spend his day staring at a wall of arugula, kale, spinach, romaine, baby spring mix and more while attempting to decipher which one Sam meant by the opaque 'salad greens' on the list. He went with the spring mix, for variety, and the kale, because it was purple. He sure as hell wouldn't be the one eating it, but it would look pretty in the fridge next to the blueberries. Other than his toss-up salad dilemma it was a routine trip- Brigitte at the register was a perfect sweetheart as always, and she somehow managed to get him all caught up on all the last month's town gossip in the time it took to ring him up. A miracle worker, that one. Without her, how else would he know about every salacious piece of news Lebanon had to offer? He simply wouldn't, and he'd be all the worse for it. From the look on her face, he thought she might cry when he finally told her he was moving with Cas, but instead she smiled and handed him some free cigs and a bottle of red wine, so they could 'celebrate'. Maybe he really was her favorite.
"Okay," she said, looking bemused. "That's- That'll be fine too. Like I said, we're
"Yeah, I like their vibe," Dean said. "So they're mine."
. Anyway, you trying to coerce me into making you pie? You know you can just ask," he said rather obnoxiously, trying to salvage any of his self-control or dignity.
It would be faster than doing it himself, and he probably wouldn't get so much loose hair trimmings all over himself if he had a towel to catch it. When he did it himself the thing kept falling off his shoulders and he couldn't find a way to keep it up. He ended up in the itchiest shirt known to man by the time he was done, hair falling down inside the collar every time he moved and scratching at his skin underneath the fabric. If Cas did it he could just sit still while he worked at it, and come away relatively unscathed at the end. He probably wouldn't even have to change his shirt after.
"The beginning?"
There is-" Cas's forehead crinkles up in thought. "There's one thing she's afraid of. There's one thing strong enough to stop her," he says. Dean swallows his fear in the silence that follows, only to be dealt a new blow.
“Why, though?” Jack asks, parking the car and getting out. Sam follows.
As it turned out, data was working again, and
"You can leave me, Cas," Dean said, a strange, pinched guilt-pain-tenderness on his face. "You can come back for me."
“Why would Billie kill them? I mean, why would she kill everyone and
"Cas," Dean tries, but he is frozen and no words form after his name because Cas grips Dean's shoulder with his hand- the bloody hand he sliced open without hesitation to save Dean not even five minutes ago, the hand that pulled Dean out of hell, the hand that has touched him so many times since then Dean has lost count.
Cas looked startled for a moment, but it smoothed out into a look of determination and understanding.
"How'd you know how much was two ounces?" Dean asked, bewildered, and setting in on the chocolate with the knife almost on autopilot. "Can you seriously just magic-eyeball that, no problem?"
He doesn’t look at Jack, but keeps staring out the window as the world races by. Taking in the gleaming, bloodless carnage around them as they turn off the highway into Lebanon and speed through the town, he has a moment of clarity.
Two days later his dad woke him up in the middle of the night with a small suitcase for him to pack and a gun in his hand to keep him quiet. He snuck Dean out to the car and strapped him in the seat, then went back in for Sam. By noon that day, they were three states south in a nothing little town, and Dean never saw his grandparents again.
"Cas," Dean rushed out, grabbing the angel in another hug. Cas's arms came around him, and rubbed slow, soothing circles in Dean's back while he tried in vain to get it together. Christ, he wanted to live in this hug forever. "You don't know how good it is to see you, man," he sighed.
“And Sam’s betrayal?” Castiel inquired, casting new fear into Dean’s heart. “He stabbed me in the back. And he has not knelt as you have. Why should I offer him mercy?” he mused.
. So why would we stay here in the bunker? We don't need to hide out here forever if there's no reason to stay underground." Dean flashed him a shaky smile. "Besides, I mean, I'm not exactly getting any younger here. I'd have to slow down soon anyway. So it makes sense. If you want. To buy a house with me."
"Well, then, sorry for- for projecting, or whatever," Dean said gruffly. "Guess it's about to get even better, then. Real house, coming right up. No more underground hideaways, you know?"
He sat up with a falsely casual air, rolling his shoulders and yawning. Cas was still there, surprisingly, sitting at Dean's desk in the world's shittiest chair, just holding his book on his lap. He was perfectly still, his eyes shut, like he was meditating, or something. Dean wasn't even sure if the guy was breathing. He squinted, barely, trying to make out if his shoulders and chest really were rising and falling ever so slightly or if it was all just in his head.
"You fucking know why! Don't make me say it."
He never found what he was looking for, and he ached.
"Do you want me to use the Google to look it up?" Jack asked eagerly, pulling out his phone. "Sam taught me how to do it!"
"Hey, I can totally do math!" Dean said, indignantly posturing with crossed arms and leaning back against the counter with feigned defensiveness even as he was unable to wipe the grin off his face. "How the hell was I supposed to know the exact specifications of a random fucking chocolate bar?"
She picked him up off her lap and set him down on his feet on the honey-colored hardwood floor, before standing herself and taking his hand. She led him upstairs and into the bathroom, where Grandpa was waiting with Dean's favorite truck pajamas. He washed the tear tracks from Dean's face gently with a warm purple face cloth, and they helped him squeeze out some toothpaste onto his toothbrush. As he brushed, they exchanged a knowing, loaded look over his head that he saw in the mirror but couldn't understand.
It’s not a sigil he’s seen before.
And fucking Chuck help him, Dean jumps at the sound and lowers his head.
Dean made a valiant effort to swallow the bile starting to rise in his throat as it became appallingly clear that, whatever the fuck else was happening, the job just- didn’t
Castiel wrenched his eyes away from Dean’s and cast his gaze down to the floor between them. Was he considering it?
There was nothing to talk about.
When the truck broke down thirty miles from Chitaqua, and their radio too, he turned to Dean, pulling on a blue-ish jacket they'd picked up earlier during the run. It fit well.
"It's a good look for you," Dean said gruffly, staring at Cas with an expression he could not recognize. There was blood still smeared on his cheekbone, he noted absently.
Sam spluttered wordlessly, a furious blush coloring his cheeks as he looked to Cas for backup.
“Looks like Cas is driving,” Joe called out mischievously.
Their lips slid together, the angle just a bit off center, until Cas tilted Dean's head in his hands. Then they fit together perfectly. He pushed into it, just a little, his fingers flexing in the fabric of Cas's shirt. They explored slowly, with nice, easy, lazy little kisses, letting Cas direct them with his hand on his jaw. It stayed that way right up until he opened his mouth for Cas's tongue, flicking, sweeping, deepening the kiss. Cas surged up under him, all impossible strength and will, and then he was on his back, with Cas on top of him, with no idea how he even ended up there.
"Do you mean that?" he asked, taking Dean's chin in his newly freed hand and tugging him forward until their noses were practically touching. He nodded, almost imperceptibly, his heart in this throat, and then Cas's lips were on his and they were kissing. Just lips pressed to lips, soft and sweet and so
Dean was struck by his gratitude, his appreciation for Cas's very presence, and spoke up.
Cas nodded, concern bleeding into outright worry. "Of course."
"Daddy, no!" Dean shouted desperately, running down the stairs and crying for the second time that day. John froze, as if he was in some strange sort of trance, and looked between the blood on his knuckles and Dean's small form on the landing. "Daddy, please don't kill Grandpa," he sobbed.
sometimes you have to take a little risk in order to get what you want most. play it safe and you’ll always be left wondering ‘what if?’
"Wait, what?"
"What?" Sam asked, eyebrows creeping even further up his face.
"Square root of four thousand, seven hundred and sixty-one, then," Cas shot back, adding the last of the chocolate and stirring again. "Prove it," he teased.
"So, we're out, Cas. I mean,  you know, mostly- other than helping Sam with lore research sometimes, or getting the girls some advice- we're
Sammy looked on, confused, before he decided that if Dean was crying, he should probably be crying too.
“I know.” He can’t seem to meet Dean’s eyes.
"You can't mean that," Dean said weakly.
what Dean had expected from the predatory look in Cas's eyes.
Stepping back and looking over them all, he raised a hand and snapped, and with another terrifying crash of thunder Cas was set alight with restored Grace, his wings casting familiar immense shadows on the wall. His color returned to normal, and he looked just as he always did, if a bit tired.
"Only when he can't sleep," Cas said gently. "He needed me, and I was obviously available to help. I don’t sleep." Well that didn't sound vague and able to be interpreted a million different ways at all. Dude had no idea what he sounded like, like they were-
"Of course," Cas replied easily. "Enjoy your run. We'll be back pretty late tonight."
this is part 2 of the chapter that went up two weeks ago, but it's technically chapter 3 now. i know i said this would be up on sunday, but idk. i'm sorry, life happened. it's going up now. as usual, no beta, so pls point out any mistakes you spot and i'll fix them. enjoy!
"Wait, no deal," Dean volleyed back. "You don't need me to do that, you can just flap in and out in no time flat!"
He raised his glass up to numb lips and took a sip of the whiskey he couldn’t taste over the noise in his head. He looked at Cas, soft in his worn out jeans and fuzzy green sweater, his hair in its usual charming, wild disarray, his expression warm and his
The bunker was eerily quiet at night, other than the occasional pipe sounds and settling noises. It was a big place, with very few people occupying it. Even during the day, it could seem like he was completely alone within its walls.
"You're the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless,
“Cas,” Dean gasped out at the sensation of their bodies meeting, the air punched out of his lungs.
Sam snorted. "Fat chance, Dean. Even with an actual angel helping keep your arteries clean, you wouldn't make it to sixty if you ate like this every day." He shook his head fondly. "This is definitely a special occasion meal."
Dean’s face shuttered immediately, and Cas felt every scrap of easy bliss flee his body.
, like he'd somehow done something wrong, too, by letting Dean act like a pervy idiot. Cas was too good, and it scared him.
"No, thank you," Cas said. "I have an aversion to carrots unless cooked. It rearranges the molecules in a way that is much more tolerable than the raw structure."
-number jokes some time."
No one else was there yet, probably all still dicking around at the camp mess and drinking shitty chicory. His feet fell silently on the earth, leaving behind the sound of the universe and the vibrant humming of Dean’s soul- and oh, he hoped he could always hear that symphony, even when all the rest of his powers had run dry.
Dean cleared his throat. "Cas- I- ugh." He gave up. "This," he said, pushing his memories of those days at his friend like a prayer, hoping it made it across, and hoping it made sense.
He was wrong. Dean knew that, now.
Suddenly the whole thing seemed quite absurd.
“Big run today,” Chuck said with a tentative smile, his hands clasping a chipped mug filled to the brim with his ridiculously indulgent tea, wafting a cascade of steam out over the railing of his cabin porch before dissipating into the air. “Don’t forget the perishables if you can get at them, ok? We’re seriously low on-”
"So this is like, a celebration breakfast, then?" Dean asked. "Or is this going to be a regular thing? Cause I could get used to eating like this."
Don't do this, Cas," Dean begs. He just needs Cas to stop, stop talking, he needs Cas to
"Good!" Sammy said from his high chair, smearing frosting on his fingers and licking it off with a wide smile.
“Felt you,” Dean said, bringing their lips together again briefly. “Always can.” One more little kiss.
As if he could hear Dean thinking (let's be real, he probably could, Mr. Spidey-senses) Cas's eyes fluttered open and were immediately fixed on Dean.
plate in front of him and giving one to Cas too. Skillet fried potatoes, bacon, scrambled eggs with cream cheese, broiled tomatoes...the fucking works. Cas didn't need to eat, per say, but he'd started eating more- liking the social ritual of it, maybe- and even he couldn't say no to this.
He spit into the gleaming white china sink and rinsed, watching the minty suds swirl down the drain with an absent sort of interest.
Cas sighed at his antics. "It's not a huge deal if you think about it, Sam. Charlie helped us out."
(See the end of the chapter for
Even as Cas’s memories softened and blurred, becoming tinged with a mortal haze, that memory of Dean remained in a sparkling clarity. He could imagine no life, no moldable version of the past, in which he did not choose Dean. From the very first moment his soul had reached back to cling to Cas’s Grace in Hell, Cas had fallen, was falling, would fall, for Dean. It was inevitable, his love. They were inevitable. They fell together in the time after Detroit, into battle, into bed, and into cosmic obscurity. Soon, too soon, their losses began to outnumber their wins, and they had to make more and more certain regrettable sacrifices just to stay alive. Cas was used to collateral damage, far more than Dean was, but whatever the other humans in their ragged camp believed of him, he wasn’t unaffected. Just the opposite, in fact. He had never felt anything before, not for billions of years, an incomprehensible existence of light and intent and obedience and war, and now he felt everything. That- not Dean’s disappointment, or the slow loss of his Grace, or his Father’s unyielding silence- was undoubtedly the worst part of becoming something like human.
"That's humanity," Cas said simply.
Jack smiled. "I'd like that. It's like... it's like having a dad. Thanks, Dean." He bounced off back down the river bank to get his cup, looking the healthiest he had since before his seizures, and completely unaware of the little bomb he'd just dropped on Dean.
"Thanks, Cas," Sam said, genuinely touched and sounding a bit choked up. "That means a lot."
"Well I'll be damned," he said, with more than a bit of wonder. "I didn't actually think..." he shook his head, banishing the thought as he started in on his second sandwich.
"Jack," Cas said, reaching out and pulling him in, "Thank you." He set his head against Jack's and took a shaky breath.
"It's not a bad plan," Cas said generously. "Many humans find themselves soothed through exercise and distractions like reading."
Dean took a couple sips and steadied himself. Charlie was awesome. Cas was awesome. This house was awesome. Everything was great, and he could absolutely schmooze with this lady like a champion to make sure they got this goddamn house.
"I'm- I mean, ugh. I'm not judging," Dean stammered, embarrassed. He set his grilled cheese back on the plate nearly untouched, his appetite gone. "I just. Couldn't. If I was in love. Besides," he added, "they're all straight. It would just be a horrible love triangle. I can't even imagine the jealousy."
But it wasn't really freedom, was it? He was always looking over his shoulder, terrified that his dad would come to get him, tell him it was all another test and that he'd failed, scared to death he'd lose what little drifter-party boy life he's managed to build for himself in an instant if he put himself just an inch too far over the line, let himself get too comfortable playing at being
(See the end of the chapter for
Somehow, Dean didn't think he wanted that, tonight or tomorrow. He knew, somewhere deep inside, that he still probably drank too much, but- but. This sort of thing, saying
"Maybe sometime," Cas said vaguely, tearing his eyes away from Dean with a noncommittal wave of his hand. "Either way, there's not much to pack up. And between the Impala and my truck, I think the only thing we might require assistance to move is that chair set."
Cas stopped and held up a hand to silence him, and kept going. "-
“Cas,” Dean calls, a nervous relief flooding through him.
It was like any 'cool' or suave aspect of his carefully crafted personality had vanished, all because he did one small thing, made one tiny mistake, that seemed unbearably, inexplicably gay. Holding someone's leg in the car, oh, shit, listening to a mixtape he made for him- that was something people who were together-together did. And, fuck, what if
"I'll make sure our house has better central heating than this," Cas said and smiled fondly at him. "I'm going to heal you now," he warned.
"I'm fine, Cas," Dean contradicted weakly, watching the blood stain the tap water pink as it washed down the drain before moving as if to clean up the pieces on the floor again.
They each returned to their whiskey, a new understanding blooming between them, and Dean felt a weight leave him he never knew he'd been carrying. This was a good thing. Cas was happy. They were out. Cas was
"I will be negotiating the purchase and eventual delivery of my bees with another local apiarist, as well as retrieving all the necessary components for a hive and several raised plant beds in addition to purchasing seeds for the wildflowers we discussed reintroducing to the fields," Cas replied dryly. "I think you can handle picking up the keys to our house, Dean."
The realization was followed by another. Despite his earlier conviction that it would one day be lost to him, he could still see Dean's soul- behind his teeth, in his chest, radiant like a halo around his head, and worth, a million times over, and a million again, falling for.
"What?" Cas asked, confused at the sudden, seemingly unprompted question. He flipped the tape manually but kept it paused. "What do you mean?"
“You need to get on 281, Jack. On the right,” he says, hearing himself as if from a great distance. They’re nearly there, and Dean still hasn’t called him back. It’s been almost four and a half hours since they left the uselessly warded silo outside De Moines and started the race back home. It’s been radio silence all the way. Literally. When Sam tried to turn on the radio in the car, desperate for a distraction, all that came out was a piercing static. On
As if he heard Dean’s thoughts-
Jack's eyebrows furrowed together in confusion. "You make bets all the time."
The confession he’d planned shrinks in Dean’s throat, tucking itself away into a hot, prickly ball of fear that settles in his heart.
Outside, Dean tossed the keys to Cas, who caught them without even looking.
They didn't tell Sam right away.
"Oh, I wasn't in your head, but you're thinking pretty fucking loud," Cas snapped back, then paused, looking a little shocked at his sudden flare of temper. "I'm sorry," Cas said, visibly controlling himself, and deliberately folded his hands on the table in front of him. "Please let me help you. It will be- distressing for me if you're affected adversely by this night and I could have made it easier. I know you feel like you have to care for everyone, all the time, but- Dean. Let me care for you, too, sometimes."
Cas hummed, and opened the book. They sat in silence for a moment. Dean shifted, the mattress squeaking slightly beneath him.
Cas wasn’t dead. It didn’t work. His brain buzzed blankly with a static-y sensation of bewilderment as Cas reached around himself and pulled out the blade- shiny, clean, utterly free of blood- with an alarming squelching noise.
So he put on Dean's second favorite fuzzy socks, the ones with the little green dragonflies on a pale purple background, and then he was standing there in the lamplight, grabbing the book off the desk and crawling into Dean's bed in Dean's clothes, like he belonged there. In them. To him. And he wouldn't leave because Dean asked him to stay.
Oh, he hated feeling. Sometimes he thought it made him useless. He missed being cold. Brutal, uncaring about pain or death. But this was Dean, and he'd never actually been particularly good at being a machine, anyway. "Okay. Dean, I need to see your back," he warned him, before moving him as gently as he could and angling his body so that he could get an unobstructed view of his back.
Dean screwed his eyes shut. Face to face that felt like a goddamn brick to the jaw. "I know. Cas..."
familiar question. Then it hit him.
Dean cleared his throat. "Well, alright then."
"When?"
occasional Janelle Monae. 'Dirty Computer' was a masterpiece, okay? And it reminded him of some of his favorite 80s and 90s dance music, stuff he danced to when he was a kid just out from under his dad's thumb at the turn of the millennia, crashing clubs with a smile and a wink and sliding onto the dance floor for a couple drinks and a good time. He missed that freedom, sometimes, to do whatever he wanted.
posts every other Thursday, i hope
"Wait, when?" Dean asked. "A, how have I not noticed, and B, why weren't you having me taste test. That's like my dream job, dude."
. Dean knew he was behaving completely irrationally, but that couldn't be helped. He felt like he was on the edge of some great cliff with nowhere to go but forward, or else stay put and risk that, too.
they figure it out, eventually
"Oh my god," Kelly-Ann said, blushing. "I'm sorry- I just assumed, because you're buying a house together-"
The drive back to the bunker is swift and eerie, and Sam knows now it definitely wasn’t just them. The roads, which had been packed with traffic just this morning, are empty except for the abandoned cars left stranded on the side of the road or twisted into hunks of cheap glittering metal and glass after crashing into each other with no drivers behind their wheels, and no passengers either. The drive down SR-36 takes barely half the time it should- Jack has a bit of a lead foot, and it’s not like there’s anyone left to stop them for speeding.
"Oh, yes," Cas said, matter-of-fact. "I'm a professional apiarist, with a dual degree in theology and entomology from Ohio University. It seemed apt."
"You have been an excellent caretaker," Cas said sincerely. "I expect that the car will be operational and will still appear to be in good condition for at least another sixteen years even with regular driving. Twenty three, if you're especially cautious."
And she was gone, the door closing softly behind her with a gentle
"What's wrong?" Dean asked immediately, before the kid could slip away and mope. They'd been having such a good day, why was he upset all of the sudden?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Everybody’s gonna die, Cas. Everybody. I can’t stop it.”
"You liar, this is totally a bribe-" Dean contended.
"You're a such a fucking girl," Dean muttered, then raised his voice. "Yeah. Sure. Pictures. You got it."
"Well what should I call it, then? What is this?" Sam asked desperately.
They crouch down next to the oily black patch of wet ooze, confused.
Dean pushed his way in front of Sam, and his head flew to the side with a sharp
Dean shrugged. "Whenever you want is fine, man. It's not like we're busy these days. Hell, just ask if we can get in tomorrow."
"Oh, it's a wonderful area," she assured him, "the homosexual nature of your cohabitation won't be an issue with anyone around here," she said brightly. Dean stood there, dumbstruck, as she continued on: "In fact, my favorite vegetable vendors at the market in town are a pair of ladies who run their own place, too, over on the other side of town. It's pretty accepting area. Still middle America, of course, but there's a generally progressive mindset about town even though it's not exactly packed with people here. Pretty much a live and let live mindset, you know?" She was still smiling, like she hadn't just turned Dean's brain into mush.
"In the meantime, though," Sam said eagerly, "I can't believe I forgot to lead with this. Eileen is moving into the bunker at the end of next month, and we're going to start looking for a real house around here once she gets moved." His face shifted a little, into something a bit ingratiating and apologetic. "She has a dog, though, Dean, and I know you don't exactly love dogs. He's really good though, and quiet, and I'm sure once you're used to him it'll be okay. And it's only going to be temporary," he added.
With a final shout John broke his stepfather's hold on him, whipped around and hit him, hard. Grandpa fell, and John kept hitting him, and Grandma was screaming and crying and pulling at John's shoulders but he wouldn't
(See the end of the chapter for
look directly at him, but he knew he was there. Watching him while he went through the motions, like he was a spectacle, a curiosity. No. That wasn't right. That wasn't fair to Cas. He was watching him like he was someone worth worrying about, even though he was so, so wrong about that.
would like.
John looked like a deer in headlights, shaking his head in confusion and backing off of his stepfather. "I- I didn't mean-"
"I'm talking about your plan to buy a house, with Cas, that I never heard about until this morning!" Sam snapped. "How fucking blind can you be, Dean?"
"Dean," Cas growled out between them, rolling Dean's nipple between his fingers beneath his shirt until it was stiff and he was keening with pleasure, arching into it and pressing their bodies together. He yanked at Cas's hips, thrusting up, up, up in a desperate hunt for friction. He'd never been this hard in his life. No forty-two year old had any right to act this much like a horny teenager about to come in his pants on prom night, but damn if that wasn't
Dean barely noticed them merging onto the highway. Cas handled the on-ramp with ease and shifted lanes with a deft sort of precision, the gear shift operated like an extension of himself.
Dean realized for the millionth time, as if it was the first time.
Risa smacked him in the chest. “Get in the truck, idiot.” She turned her gaze to Dean, an odd glint in her eye. It felt sticky and wrong in his core but Cas stamped the feeling down. “Group brief over the radio on the way?” she asked.
Dean couldn't take any more of this. Something slid out of place, in his brain, and shut it all down behind foggy glass walls- the fear, the guilt, the confusion, all the questions he had about what he'd just overheard. He pasted on a neutral expression and started walking again, making sure his footsteps were clearly audible but not too loud because that sort of shit was an eavesdropper's dead giveaway.
"Can you fuck off then, man?" Dean asked, peeved. "He's my best friend, and you're my idiot brother. I'm not fucking Cas. I'm not gay, and even if I was, he's an angel," he said meaningfully. When Sam looked at him blankly he sighed, then elaborated: "Angels don't have
"Yeah, yeah," Sam said. "Don't wait up, old man."
"Okay," Sam said. "Forget it. This conversation is pointless." He turned to leave, then looked back over his shoulder. "Cas told me you're going to see the house, tomorrow. Have fun. Don't break the angel." He went back into the house in a veritable whirlwind of plaid and Garnier-commercial-worthy hair, and Dean was alone in the garage again.
It flopped down into his face a bit as he rinsed it out a second time, and he realized it was getting pretty long again.
," Sam reiterated. With that, it was like his brain suddenly kicked into overdrive. "This is insane. I have to tell Eileen," he said, his fingers already flying across the screen, salad abandoned. "Where is it? What's it look like? Why didn't you send pictures when you saw it?"
"Alright then," Cas said, turning slightly in the chair so he could place the book on his lap and face Dean as he read. "'The Salinas Valley is in Northern California. It is a long narrow swale-'"
His razor buzzed pleasantly, audible even over the sound of the running tap. He couldn't believe, sometimes, how he had shaved with a straight razor he scavenged off a monster in Purgatory for almost a year. It was a beast of a thing, long and rough-handled. One wrong move and he and Benny would have had more vamps than they could count all over them. Sure, he trusted Benny not to eat him then, to a point, but Purgatory was crammed full of things desperate to eat a human being, and Dean- Dean was basically fresh meat. Monster bait. An all-you-can-eat buffet, if he wasn't so damn good at killing the things that wanted to kill him. When he fucked up his wrist he bitched for three days straight about his beard until Benny sat his ass down in a creek bed and did it for him.
"Yes?" Cas sounded utterly bewildered. Dean groaned and covered his face with his hands. "You just saw me come out the door. Are you feeling well?"
(it all felt like family)
"Cas, hand me a water bottle," Dean said, feeling vaguely dizzy.
this. I want to pretend. Even if it's not forever. Or not enough. I can have this, with him."
"Okay," Dean replied, freezing his balls off and really wanting to get up. "It's really cold in here."
thanks for reading, and see you next time!
"Probably closer to the 21st," he said thoughtfully. "We should have some real furniture delivered before we move in- and don't try to tell me you'll sleep on the floor while we wait, Dean, that's absurd."
"Well, we don't want that," Dean said adamantly, letting Cas control the speed at which they stirred.
they were everywhere. Of course not all at once, that wasn't possible, but Cas couldn't seem to keep his hands off any part of him, stroking his stomach, his thighs, brushing his nipples, and shit, even through his shirt they were sensitive.
"Dean," Sam said slowly, his face pained, "Angels aren't machines-"
"Dude, I have no idea what you're talking about," Dean said honestly. "You're going to have to elaborate, or move on and spare us both."
Cas cursed under his breath and embarked on a thorough search of their cabin, the coarse words warm and familiar on his tongue as he yanked on his socks.
Still, if he couldn't sleep, maybe he could read. He turned around by the bathrooms and headed up to the library, blanket fluttering like a cape behind him as he walked. As he walked in the room he did a double take and nearly turned around again to return to his room empty handed, feeling like he was intruding somehow, because there with his feet up on the big wooden table was Cas, reading what Dean is pretty sure is his old high school copy of
“Castiel,” Dean corrected himself.
Cas shrugged. "I thought it might be nice to use instead of a caramel or plain sugar. I got lucky, I guess."
He nodded again. Grandma and Grandpa left and shut the door, but he could hear them whispering faintly, though the words were unintelligible.
Cas averted his eyes uncomfortably. "I didn't mean to get carried away like that. I'm sorry." He sighed heavily. "I... it won't happen again. Where's my shirt?" He tried to get out of the bed but Dean tackle-jumped him to the mattress, sitting on his legs and hooking his arms around his neck so he could look at him directly.
. And isn't that something- an angel of the former Lord reading Dean's dog-eared, worn-out American classics in the middle of the night, still dressed in the same soft little sweater he'd had on all day, and looking glow-y and golden in the dim lamplight that shone from the sconces along the walls in a way that seemed, to Dean, something like a full-body halo.
"Cause I've tried to get him to talk to me, and it's like it just goes right over his head. It doesn't seem like you two are on the same page, and that worries me. Because I care about you both."
He woke up five hours later on November 16th, 2020 to a crash of thunder so loud it knocked him out of bed. Before he'd even rubbed the sleep from his eyes he was on his feet and tackling a wan-looking Cas in a full-body hug, and he was crying again. He tried to thank Jack, to squeeze him tight too and never let any of them go again, but Jack gave him just a perfunctory hug before extricating himself, and Dean was left standing there absolutely speechless.
Trish's decapitated body lay the furthest from him, her ribcage torn open, her organs spilling over her arms and scattered in pieces over the floor. Three dead Croats, all headshots, around her remains. Then a bloody lake on the cheap linoleum tile, thick and viscous and so, so red, two more dead Croats, clearly more hard-won victories, their arms hacked at, heads partially removed, and nearly blocking the last body from view, wedged up against the shelves and bloody as it was.
So far in the car while driving to Milton he'd played some pretty great stuff- classics like Jefferson Airplane and Creedence Clearwater Revival, dance and alternative rock shit he knew Dean liked, like some XTC, T-Rex, Kate Bush, old-school and later-days Bowie, even the Pet Shop Boys cover of "Always On My Mind", and some stuff Dean would never, ever admit to anyone else he loved- Taylor's new album
"Maybe he doesn't want to be alone, Sam. Isn't that human? We're close, and it makes sense to want to leave the bunker-"
"Huh." Dean said. "That's pretty fast. Almost sounds too good to be true."
"Well, glad I've improved, I guess," Dean said, shifting his weight between his feet. What else could he say? "I like the now-you, too, Cas." That would have to do.
he thought miserably, looking forlornly at the gummy bag perched between them, sandwiched between the clementines and the beef jerky, no longer hungry in the slightest.
"So it's not real life, Sammy, and I thought Cas was going to leave too, again, but he wants to live in a real house with me, and raise bees, and just- live," Dean tried to explain. "When's the last time I went on a hunt, Sam?"
Cas was so far away. "Come over here," Dean interrupted, surprising himself.
"Holy shit," Sam said. "You actually did it. You bought a house."
"Huh," Dean said, thrown. All he could think of is the day after they got Cas back from the empty, the first time. He and Cas played at being cowboy-rangers all day for a case, ending with dinner at a diner that served the best peach pie he'd ever had, and, full and happy, passing out on the sofa next to Cas while they waited for Sam and Jack to get back to the motel. They all watched a Star Trek movie when they arrived, the one with the whales, and Dean had never felt so happy. So at peace.
When he finally managed to escape Sam's questions and his wide-eyed incredulous stare, Dean was feeling distinctly irritated. He didn't want to leave Cas behind to field questions about building code and appliance preferences, per say, but at least he seemed to know enough to hold a conversation about house hunting, whereas Dean had just sat there feeling altogether inadequate. Ignorant. Whatever, it didn't matter. It wasn't like Sam was moving into their house, and Dean knew quality living space when he saw it, so it didn't matter if he understood all of Sam's ridiculous criteria and concerns. He swept into his room in a fluttering whirlwind of dead guy robe and grabbed up some clean clothes and a towel, slipping on his shower shoes (ugh, the whole dormitory-style setup was the one real drag) and leaving as quickly as he came. It wasn't like Cas would let them end up living somewhere uninhabitable, anyway. He might not be human, but he definitely had come to appreciate the more particularly nice perks of humanity, like good food, and soft clothes, and- oh,
"Didn't think what?"
Dean stood up and stretched, lifting up his arms, twisting his torso left and right and yawning when the pull hit just right. He walked over to his dresser and started picking out some clothes, pointedly keeping his back to Sam.
Of course, his Father didn't answer. Gritting his teeth, Cas yanked out the stake and tossed it aside, immediately covering the wound with his hand. He summoned his Grace together and it responded sluggishly, but his hand was glowing and Dean's back was knitting back together.
"I know, Cas," Dean said, rolling his eyes. "You think I wanna be a zombie-insomniac? I like this even less than you, buddy."
"That's fine by me. You guys could always check out some flea markets or mom and pop furniture shops, too, just to really get an idea of what you like and hunt down specific stuff."
so much happened yesterday, i literally forgot to post this! who else signed up for gish just to watch the cockles panel??? i can't believe i was thinking the other day that it had been quiet recently. here's 9k+ of revelations. please note that the rating has increased to E, but this is far and away the least explicit smut in the fic...
- he thought of Lisa, for the second time in a week. It was sort of bizarre. It really had been ten years, hadn't it? He didn't regret leaving her, he didn't, but sometimes...
"Night, Sam," Dean called out as he turned to go. "Happy birthday- hey, don't forget your present!"
"I already knew the answer, Cas. You're gonna have to do better than a dirty joke, cause believe me, I've heard them all. That one's a classic. You know, a 'trick someone into saying it in front of the whole class' kind of classic." He pointed at Cas, tapping his chest with a finger. "Looks like the player got played here, huh?" he asked cheekily. "Nice try, though. Remind me to tell you some other,
He was sober today, mostly, just riding out the last of some gorgeous pink pill from a nearly full bottle he’d just scavenged out a few days before. It made him feel floaty, focused, fearless. He felt almost like he did two years ago, before his reeducation stint in Heaven. Angelic. It was nice. He’d take another, later. Maybe Dean would want to take one, too, and they could fuck high out under the stars on their quilt again like they did last October and feel like the real Gods of this stupid little planet, on top of the world, on top of Dean, cradled in the soft embrace of his thighs, and
"Done," Dean interjected eagerly.
"I know, I know," he grumbled. "John?"
chapter 4 will be up next thursday, if all goes to plan. your comments and enthusiasm are giving me life. thank you all!
“Risa,” he shouted over the din to the woman on his left. “Dean and Trish-”
down on the desk. It seemed like perhaps too small a space for two grown men to occupy, but frankly Dean was too tired to care. He took off his blanket wrap and put it back on the bed, tugging at the sheets until they laid mostly flat across the mattress. Cas just stood there looking at him as he fixed his bed, didn't look away when he took his sweatpants off and got into bed, just stood there all patient and tall and good, and as Dean felt a warmth rise in his cheeks, at the back of his neck, he realized he was blushing. Literally blushing under Cas's gaze like the exact kind of schoolgirl he claimed not to be. He squashed the thought down. It wasn't like he could control his capillaries, and Cas didn't care if the human body did weird, inexplicable things sometimes.
Bobby started to kneel, too. Survival instincts, probably. He’d have never gotten this old without them, anyway.
"Yes," Cas said, pulling out his phone and checking his texts, "we are. By the way," he said, shoving the screen in Dean's face and proceeding to read it aloud anyway, "Claire says "hi cas 🌚 hi dean 🌝 we're going to kill u 🔪🪓🔪 when we see u next month 🎉👀 u stupid old secretkeeping men 😤🚬 love claire and kaia 🌈💕🌈."
"Okay," he said, cradling his water like a lifeline.
as usual, no beta, so please point out any egregious mistakes to me and I will fix them. thanks in advance <3
He pulled back with more than a little reluctance, his stomach twisting as a fakely jovial grin tugged at the corners of his lips, and clapped Dean on the shoulder. “Let’s go, fearless leader. We’ve got a mission to run, don’t you know?”
"Jesus Christ, Cas, just forget it," Dean sighed, walking over to his clothes. As he pulled up his jeans, it dawned him that Cas probably wasn't just dropping by the bathroom to hang out. His... incident had totally derailed whatever he'd come here for. "Did you need something?" he asked. "I mean, before I tried to die again?"
He stood up after collecting them up without once making eye contact with Cas, and, hands full of most of the pieces, dumped them in the garbage. He knelt again to gather up the smaller shards, his mind a step and a half behind his body.
them all severely,” he finished deliberately.
“I’m going in,” Cas said quickly, slicing at a particularly bold (stupid) Croat trying to charge him. It crumpled to the ground and twitched once, and was still. Some of its companions fell on the body ravenously, and were subsequently cut down in turn as they began to tear at the corpse. “Leave as soon as you’re able; I’ve got the keys to the main truck. Cover your right,” he warned Risa, and, sensing an opportunity in the parting sea of Croats before him, ran.
He turned down aisle seven and skidded to a halt, frozen at the sight that greeted him, and tried to make sense of the hideously macabre tableau.
, baby," he babbled under his breath, trying to figure out the best way to extract the bar of metal. "Hold on," he muttered, grasping the stake firmly and bracing Dean's body against his own, trying to avoid fucking his broken ribs up more.
"Objectively, you deserved that."
until he didn't do the job right and died, or worse, if John found out.
Dean shoved his hand in his robe pocket, feeling around for the twenty he knew was in there, wiping tears of laughter from his face as he did so and attempting to compose himself. "Yeah yeah, you're a genius, Cas," he said, rolling his eyes affectionately and handing the bill over. "Don't be a bad winner, man, it's not a great look."
, last night,
It wakes him up, light burning him up from the inside and remaking him anew.
, he thought, content.
Last time this happened a month and a half ago he took care of it himself. He'd thought he'd done a pretty decent job, making the sides all even and the top nice and fun and spiky, before he learned the truth of the matter. He'd missed a spot at the back of his neck and left a stupid fucking tail behind, and when Cas pointed it out at dinner, tugging on it and teasing him, he turned to Sam,
"Do you ever imagine a life less fucked up than ours?" he asked Cas suddenly over the static at the end of the tape, clenching his hands around the wheel.
"You don't have to say it yet. Or ever. But it's true," Cas reassured him, stroking his back in warm, soothing circles and pressing their foreheads together. "I love you," he whispered, with awful, perfect sincerity.
It looks like Dean is almost expected.
I own nothing. No beta, let me know if you see anything weird and I'll fix it ASAP!
Silence for a moment, punctuated only by the sound of the ladle hitting the pot as someone stirred.
. I'm sorry, Cas."
His chest was heaving, his heart racing and jumping in his throat. Abruptly his anger felt a lot like fear.
"Yeah, I get that. Well, let me know if you need boxes, or help packing."
Dean just sort of nodded along while Cas asked questions about the kitchen backsplash materials (ceramic tile), local yard regulations (none), and Dean's requested bathtub (an included-in-the-price-of-the-house amenity, thank you universe). Once Cas seemed happy with his answers, she set them loose to look around. Cas made a beeline for the second floor, but Dean wanted to look around downstairs again. He hadn't absorbed much the first time around, beyond a general impression of 'holy fucking shit this is basically just a castle'. Besides, Sam asked for pictures. The realtor, a nice enough middle-aged blonde woman named Kelly-Ann Williams, left him alone until he wandered back into the kitchen and took a quick picture of the light streaming in through the window over the sink. She looked up from her laptop and smiled at him warmly.
“Cas, do you want to buy a house with me?”
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have pushed-"
Dean tugged at the tan fabric strips on his leg, wincing at the pressure.
"It might not be common. but it's completely normal, Dean. Humans have an infinite capacity for love in all of its forms. A polyamorous trio is no different from a monogamous couple, or a single parent dedicated to their beloved children, or a large group of platonic life-partners when it comes to the level of devotion they may experience, only the manner in which that love is made manifest. All forms of love are equally valid and good, and not all love is romantic. You of all people must know that."
“Wait, is that Dean’s phone?” Sam asks, moving over to squat by the wall and pick up the cell.
"There is a Lebanon Farmer's market, Dean," Cas interjects. "It's usually every Monday in City Park in the summer. I've wanted to go for a while, but I've never had the time," he said wistfully, pushing the now-complete crossword away from him, leaning his head in his right hand and propping his elbow up on the table. "I always thought it was something Jack would like."
"Hey, "Ten Years Gone" speaks to you, it speaks to you," Dean said. A large cicada splattered on the windshield and he cringed at the sticky gunk, making a mental note to scrape it off when they got out. "It's one of my favorites, too. Clearly, since it's on the tape," he said with an awkward little laugh, bracing himself for the inevitable wave of crushing guilt that had started to accompany the song after Cas left. Cause that was Dean's fault. He couldn't seem to stop driving everyone he cared about away, even his best friend.
"Yeah," Sam said, taking back his phone. "I do."
in a way that feels like fractals spidering off in his brain when it fucking moves.
"You really love her," Cas said. It wasn't a question.
Chuck snorted, shaking his head in self-deprecation. “Just doing my job, Cas.”
He stood there for a second, absolutely shell-shocked. Then his phone started to ring, and it shook him out of his weird-ass moment. He cleared his throat and pulled his phone out of his pocket, checking the caller ID.
, trying to tell him how to do better for his brother while ignoring the pain Dean was putting him through, too. Even Cas couldn't love him selflessly, with no expectation of reciprocation, forever, and everything Dean was doing now would just hasten his inevitable flight. He deflated, the fight leaving him in the space between one breath and the next. "Shit," he rubbed a hand over his face. "
"Cas, you- take yours off too," he groaned, fingers tangled in the angel's hair.
Dean froze, horrified.
"Oh. Yes. Well, thank you," Cas answered, adjusting the sleeves.
Cas just looked at him blankly for a second, like he couldn't believe what Dean said. He immediately fought down the urge to take it all back, to say never mind, Cas, you shouldn't listen to me when I'm this tired.
. But Cas coming out of his room shouldn't mean anything. He was a fucking angel, he didn't-
"Are you alright, Dean?"
thanks for reading! as usual I can be found on tumblr at @hisbloodyhandprint and @hasjacklesspokenyet
He nodded.
of this, through?"
Castiel smiled, and the world fell away.
"Do you want to listen to something in the tapedeck?" he ventured, gesturing at the speakers.
He took his hand back, and Dean's heart jumped. His arm felt warm, against the fabric, where Cas's hand had been. He started up the mixtape again, and they rode on in companionable silence for the rest of the tape. Cas rewound it carefully and tucked it away wherever he'd produced it from earlier.
Then Castiel blew Raphael up with nothing more than a snap of his fingers, and their most formidable adversary, after all these months, was suddenly just a bloody smear on the wall. The last Apocalyptic threat, gone, just like that, leaving Dean and Bobby alone with a Cas-gone-nuclear.
His hand shifted, just a tiny, involuntary movement, and he was made acutely aware of something he had never considered, before, beyond the detached observation that Cas had gotten... well... kinda muscle-y and ripped something in the last couple years. Cas's thighs were fucking huge, and warm, and really. Just. Firm. Like, he could literally feel that Cas was absurdly strong, like, could probably kick-Dean's-ass-to-next-week-even-if-he-wasn't-powered-up strong.
Well how do you say no to an angel on a mission?
For a second, Dean deflated. There was no way he could figure that out without a pen and paper and a solid minute or two. But on the other hand... that sounded like a
He received a nearly instantaneous 'you're on, old man. we've been practicing so step it up!!!' followed by 'miss you' a moment later, and he smiled the whole hour-long-drive back.
"That looks like a big one!" Jack said excitedly, shuffling over the rocks towards him for a closer glimpse at the end of Dean's line, which had stretched almost completely taut with the force of his catch's pull.
Dean wandered over to the fridge and started pulling things out. Cheddar, gruyere, mayo, sourdough out of the breadbox, a tupperware from the freezer- "I'm making grilled cheese and tomato soup, if anyone wants any," he said pointedly.
Sam seized the phone and immediately began devouring the images. "Wow, you're right, it looks incredible," he said, handing the phone back once he reached the end of the album. "What are the specs?"
"I guess they have rules against this sort of thing. Nice to see more magic-users with a code, I guess," Dean replied over the phone. He tossed back the last of the whiskey he'd poured for himself while he waited for Cas to finish up his 'surprise' and set the glass aside. Just a couple fingers, nothing too crazy. Cas had some too, but his Grace didn't let him get drunk unless he suppressed it, which apparently felt like the celestial equivalent to the feeling of wearing all your clothes two sizes too small. So, uncomfortable. But it didn't really matter. This was the good stuff- it was more about the taste, anyway. "You heading home?"
in Cas’s words.
. Went so well with the grilled cheese. "Apparently they're pretty popular right now. I thought you'd want to start taking more pictures- real ones that weren't just on your phone, now that you and Eileen are. You know. Going to have a life together. There's a couple sets of film in there already and everything."
"I'm telling you that you get to live, now, Dean," Cas said, snatching his ID and Dean's stuff back. "We're gonna need all this later if we do decide to buy the house, we might as well keep it all in one place. I hope she finished manufacturing our credit scores, I haven't had a chance to check."
life. I don't want a wife," he said seriously. "It is better to be with you."
Cas made a noncommittal little noise, glancing over to where Sam had retreated.
“No, I know you wouldn’t,” Cas says quickly. “But you deserved to
"Oh, yes- well," Cas said, glancing back at the book, face-down and open on the table. "I have a certain fondness for this book. For its time, it was something revolutionary."
He leaned Dean back up against the shelving and took a moment to figure out what to do next. Dean was still dying. He was still in danger. He couldn't be moved, nor could they stay put. He quickly opened up their pack and realized in horror that all the medical supplies were with Risa and AJ on the trucks and so, so far away by now.
). Fuck, his life. Fuck his life.
"I'm sorry, sir," he gasped out, and John's eyes returned to him.
- no. He wouldn't go there. He made a point not to, because he was straight. He made that choice ages ago. It would be too weird if he wasn’t. Besides, everyone looked, sometimes. It didn’t have to mean a thing.
He let out a sound of outrage, but before he could protest further, Cas piped up.
When Cas came back they hugged for a long time. It was, probably, the best hug of Dean's life, because he thought he'd never get to have it, ever, but he did. And then Cas was back, and stealing Dean's sweaters, and drinking with him in the evenings, and watching all of Dean's favorite movies from the armchair next to his, and they never, ever talked about what Cas said before- before.
But he was grown, and he had errands to run, so there would be no long freedom drive. At least, not right then.
"Well, there is one catch," Cas admitted, rocking on his heels. "It's pretty far from here."
"It's like the world hates me. You hate me, Cas," Dean said, feeling utterly betrayed, and yanked his blankets up over his head in protest. They were immediately pulled back down by a force inexorably stronger than his own grip.
"And?" John snapped, kicking off his boots and taking a swig from the bottle, the liquid sloshing inside.
Dean walked across the kitchen, past Cas, and didn't touch him. Didn't clap him on the back, or squeeze his shoulder. Just, you know. Gave him space.
"Actually," Cas said haughtily, "I will be busy tomorrow."
Dean was floored. "No kidding. Honey?"
Dean thought, dazed.
The next week passed without incident, the last icy vestiges of winter giving way to the first days of melting, balmy spring, and Dean began to grow accustomed to his newfound awareness of the way he and Cas moved around each other. Natural, easy. Peaceful, even. He was there in the mornings when Dean woke up, and he was there every night until Dean left him, usually reading something, to go off to sleep.
"Cas, it's just a song," Dean said. "I'm fine, I promise. Sometimes, triggers happen to us that don't make sense, and then sometimes they go away. I
"Aren't we already?" Cas snapped, then deflated. "I'm sorry, Sam. I just- I miss him."
it's improbable, but not impossible. they do it anyway
"Fine," Cas huffed, slouching back in his seat.
Cas fidgeted again, and Dean realized he was embarrassed. "I've been practicing while you slept," he admitted. "I needed something to do, and I don't like to leave the bunker at night even with my wings restored, because I want to be close by if something goes wrong. Even if it's just a nightmare. Mostly, though," he continued, smiling a bit sheepishly, "I just wanted to surprise you."
get up?"
It certainly seemed like he was right. Most days, it seemed like they were all hurtling towards the exact same place Dean had caught a wretched glimpse of, once, with the brakes slashed and emergency failsafes offline, and no indicator that the impossible choices they were making every day were anything but inevitable. He knew that Dean still had nightmares about his ending, but he didn’t know much else about Dean’s nightmares anymore but what little snippets he could garner from what Dean mumbled and cried out in his sleep. He’d lost the ability to dreamwalk a while back. Three nights after the Croatoan virus wiped out Fort Worth and they were forced to fall back, he tried to enter Dean’s sleep to watch his dreams in the dubious refuge of a closed down Motel 6 off of interstate 70 as they ran west, to see if there was some piece of information they’d missed, some new choice they could make one day that could change the path they were on.
He may have cracked a rib when she hugged him. Tiny old women were deceptively strong like that. He didn't mind.
"Four bed, three bath, office in the basement, approximately two thousand and eight hundred square feet on just over four acres," Cas recited. "There's a garage, as well-"
Bobby’s eyes darted over to Dean. He was visibly horrified.
“It won’t be as easy as you think,” Castiel warned. “I want your trust, Dean. I want the bond we once had, and your submission to my better judgement, untainted by your... fear.” His voice turned hungry, reminiscent of when they worked that killer Cupid case last year and it turned out to be Famine. To be on the receiving end of desire of that magnitude was by turns exhilarating and horrifying. “I want your love.”
were worth turning into an icicle. After breakfast he was going to take advantage of the bunker's stellar water pressure and take a nice, hot shower, and he was going to enjoy it.
"I know." Cas says simply. "I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You're destructive, and you're angry, and you're broken. You're- you're 'Daddy's blunt instrument'. And you think that hate, and anger, that, that's what drives you. That's who you are."
No. It had taken him ages to realize it, but Dean never wanted to be like John again. And if that meant a couple hundred relatively sober, totally sleepless nights, so be it. A drink a day, no more. He was gonna learn moderation, even if he never reliably slept again.
Fortunately, Sam and Eileen were incredibly resourceful, and after two long, terrible weeks, they'd found the witch coven responsible. Unfortunately, not all the witches in the coven were responsible for the deaths (blood sacrifices in a power ritual they intended to complete over the course of the month) and ended up turning on the two who were, "Eviscerating them. Midair," Sam added, a strange mixture of disgust and respect in his tone.
"Yeah, of course."
“Hey, Sam?” Jack suddenly asks.
Dean's brain went blissfully empty, and he nodded, sighing with relief at the latest crisis, averted. "Yeah. I'm fucking beat, man."
ya'll the real mvps. thank you for reading :) your comments (and your kudos) mean the world to me. i'm so happy i've been able to bring this story to life for you all. here's to the rest!
Somewhere nearby, there are birds singing.
Cas’s eyes widened. “I- what?”
The door closed behind his Dad, and John was gone.
"She fabricated some college degrees and bank accounts as well, and pretty much created an entire identity for me from scratch," Cas chimed in. "It was very impressive. The online trail and funds took her less than two hours, and she had me fly by the next day to pick up our IDs and the like."
"Course you were gonna get saved. I just wish I got to you sooner," Jack said sadly.
Cas sighed heavily and tucked his phone into his front pocket. "I guess we can listen later," he said with a heavy sigh, as if the spotty, unreliable cellular service in the midwest was a personal affront to his sensibilities. He crossed his arms and stretched his legs further forward in the footwell, settling in for a long expanse of nothing but new grass and the purring sound of the engine. "Can't you go any faster, Dean?" he asked abruptly. "I can hardly believe we still have over one hundred miles to cover."
. It makes his lower lip tremble, makes it burn just to breathe, because Dean realizes now that this really is all his fault, and Cas is going to
And he was gone, just like that, off to bed with Dean left gobsmacked in his wake. Blindsided for the second time that night.
"Why are you crying, Cas?" If
"What are you talking about, man?" Dean asks shakily.
Cas approached him, then, unfolding the fleece blanket draped over the end of the bed, and laid it carefully over him. He draped it around his shoulders and pulled the soft brown warmth of it right up around Dean's chin as he dropped his hands to take hold of it, leaning his forehead instead against Cas's side as his eyes fluttered shut.
“Shit,” Sam swears, stalking over to the door, the useless cell forgotten in his hand. “Yeah, that’s a blood sigil, alright,” he sighs. “What the hell?”
expensive ticket." Inspiration struck. "Would you feel better if you were the one driving?" he asked cautiously.
“You’re just saying that because I won,” Cas mused, raising his gaze back up to look at Dean again, pinning him there like a specimen under a microscope. “Because you’re
As it turned out, despite living through the almost-end of the world more times than he can count, the prospect of house hunting with his best friend made Dean into the worst kind of insomniac. As the glowing, green minutes passed on his bedside clock and became hours spent lying awake in his bed, he became increasingly restless and agitated despite his best efforts to relax. By midnight, he realized that staying in bed was doing him more harm than good. Every time he closed his eyes, he would begin to fall down a spiraling, ever-deepening path of memory and self-doubt that threatened to swallow him whole.
"Maybe?" Dean said, like an idiot, trying to shift into a slightly less undignified position. He failed, because suddenly every muscle in his lower back was seizing up, and his head was all throbby and gross feeling. "No, no, I'm not- ugh," he groaned, putting his face in his hands. Hiding. Cas moved a hand to the top of his head, big and warm and lovely, just like Dean knew it would be if he had Cas cut his hair.
"Thank you, Dean, for trusting me with this," Cas replied. "It's a gift to be able to help you. Since I'll be here, anyway," he continued with some hesitation, "would you like me to make you a dream? A good one?"
"No, no, don't talk like that," Cas said desperately, kneeling beside Dean. He took their pack of his back with shaking hands and shoved his angel blade somewhere inside. "We can fix this. You'll be okay."
Another tear falls. Cas pays it no mind, but his lip trembles, just barely.
"I think I can give you something like that, Dean," he said. "I hope you enjoy it."
"Yeah, I'll bet she does," Dean rolled his eyes. "Word to the wise, Sammy, don't try to introduce the ex to the current." He took another sip of beer. "Doesn't end well," he said offhandedly to Cas. "Anyway," he said, turning back to Sam for one last teasing barb, "You just want to get between that, you dog."
He quickly realizes he isn’t going to miraculously find an answer on the internet. Maybe once they get to the bunker, he’ll find something in their library. In the seven years they've lived there, Sam feels like he’s only just begun to scratch the surface of the knowledge gathered there. He breathes a sigh and tucks his phone back in his jacket pocket and tries to stop his bouncing knee.
. Against his will he could feel himself beginning to spiral into a frenzied panic, his chest tightening. "Why- why didn't they tell me?"
He sounds sad, and turns away. Dean hurries across the last remaining stretch of gently waving grass and comes to a halt at his side.
He was thinking pasta bolognese, tonight. Maybe Cas would help him chop the vegetables.
Two hours and a couple phone calls later, they've passed the credit check (
Cas put the same perfect swirl of whipped cream on top, and the same precise sprinkle of cinnamon, and it tasted just as out-of-this-world amazing as the first batch, but something was off with the two of them, and Dean had no idea what he could do to make things right again. He resigned himself to the awkward silences, the painful smalltalk that would inevitably fill up the space between them until his transgression was not only forgotten, but forgiven, too.
It simply hadn’t worked. He mourned the loss of one more skill in the darkness of their room that night as Dean slept uneasily in the bed beside him, one more thing which, in its absence, made him ever more useless to Dean, much like the loss of his ability to time travel, or to smite their enemies with ease. Flight was becoming difficult by the day, and he knew in some part of his mind that his wings would be the next to go, and he would be grounded, permanently, on Earth and
"I want to help make things go back to the way they were," Amara said seriously, smoothing her sleek black pantsuit. "You'll all see me again, and Jack too, but for now," she glanced at Jack with a smile, and he smiled softly back. "For now, I'd like to get to know my nephew, and do a little good. I think we can all agree the multiverse needs it." Sam nodded bemusedly in her direction, tugging on a hoodie.
Cas bit his lip again, hesitating. "Perhaps I shouldn't have shared this information with you, tonight. Maybe coming from Sam-"
"Ew, gross, Dean," Sam said, wrinkling his nose. "It's bread, not a porno."
"How long?" he asked in a whisper.
Cas is looking at him. Not at the Shadow, not at Billie, just looking at Dean through his tears with love radiating off him, and a trace of something wistful in his half-smile. Several things happen very fast.
Something stopped him, in the doorway, and he turned around. Cas was looking right at him.
“No, not really,” Cas says softly. He still won’t look at Dean, staring resolutely out over the field towards the horizon where the sun- or whatever celestial illusion passes for the sun in Heaven- has begun to set, casting pale red-gold tendrils spiraling out into the most perfect blue Dean’s ever seen. It reminds him of Cas. Of Cas’s eyes.
“And I guess,” Dean said,
"Here, Grumpy," Dean said, setting the gift in front of him and taking the ladle from Cas. He poured them each a good sized serving, one for Sam as well, and handed one of the steaming yellow bowls over to Cas. Dean followed with soup and sandwiches as he made his way over to the table and they sat, Dean accidentally bumping Cas's knee under the table as he went. He flinched so hard he almost launched himself over the table. "Whoops. Alright, open her up, Sammy," he said, brandishing his soup spoon in his general direction and shoving Sam's bowl at him. "Happy birthday, and all that."
"No- no," Dean said hastily, still clinging to Cas's sleeve. "Just. Stay with me? I don't know..." he trailed off. He swallowed and made himself let go. "Please stay. I don't want to be alone."
"Stay out of my head," Dean said, automatically.
When he used to let himself think about what it could be like on the other side of the picket fence if he ever did manage to leave hunting behind, that definitely wasn't what he thought he'd get. He would think about Lisa, or Cassie (even after she broke his heart) and he'd imagine an apple-pie life like he saw on TV shows. He was pretty sure, now, that life didn't really exist. He'd had something like it with Lisa, once, but it wasn't real. She was too permissive with him, too good and normal to be with someone like who he was when he landed on her doorstep exhausted and half out of his mind with grief. They wouldn't have worked, in the end. That was okay. He didn't want that life anymore. Not with Lisa, anyway- sure, she knew about the monsters, and she cared for Dean, she really did- but when it came down to it, she never knew him. Not really. And he never knew her, either. They both wanted the ideal they'd built up in their heads, but never the real person in bed with them. It was like a djinn dream, almost. Beautiful, and in turns heart-wrenchingly sweet and terribly bitter, but wrong. It wasn't real.
Dean shook his head violently. "Won't be sick, this is so good. It's even better than the cake we had for Sammy's birthday. It's almost as good as
as quickly as he liked,
Dean slid into the passenger seat, suddenly exhausted and feeling entirely too much like a marionette whose strings had just been cut.
The leftovers all put away in a haze, Dean found he'd moved over the sink, hands full of dirty dishes, the sink already packed with Sam's bowl, the pot and the skillet. He looked at the mountain growing before him with an abject sense of duty and rolled his sleeves up to begin the dreaded task of washing up. He set the dishes and bowls to the side on the counter and started in on the pot.
"Well, if you think about it, it's been, what, three months now since either of us have been on a hunt, yeah?" Dean asked, already starting to second-guess his impulsive offer.
Sam sits down heavily. “When?”
Sam snorted in disbelief at his response, his eyebrows advancing toward his hairline at an alarming speed. "Yeah, Cas."
"Did you forget something?" Cas asked.
He couldn't. His throat was so tight he could hardly breathe.
Cas was an excellent passenger, most of the time. He was the only person in the world that Dean would let choose the music when Baby was flying down an open road, because he had decent taste, and because it was hard to say no to him when he had his mind set on playing things he thought
"I mean it," Cas said firmly. They sat in silence for a moment as Dean composed himself.
Dean was still unconscious.
A strangled yelping noise in the hallway jarred him out of the feeling and replaced it with a rush of adrenaline. Through the door, he heard Cas say "Good morning, Sam," all nonchalant and cool-as-you-please, then "I'm sorry I startled you. Coffee? I'm making some for Dean."
“You- you want to keep bees?” he asked slowly, rolling the idea around in his mind and testing it out. Cas liked nature. He liked walking in the sun, he liked small animals and plants. He pointed out rare species he spotted to Dean sometimes when they were working a case or driving around with such enthusiasm it was like they were winning lottery tickets. He had a fuzzy little cactus-succulent-desert plant arrangement thing Claire bought him potted in his room, sitting under a UV light on his desk, and he treated that thing like a baby. “Isn’t that kind of a big commitment?”
Cas looked at him helplessly. "I'm sorry, Dean. I don't know what to say."
Cas's face lit up in a grin. "Thanks, Dean. I'll let you know what Agent Welleman says," Cas said, already typing away furiously on his little phone screen, and swept out the room.
as usual, no beta, so please point out errors, etc. so i can fix them!
and demanded an explanation. The asshole couldn't even keep a straight face when he replied, all fake-innocence and saccharinely sweet: 'Oh, you didn't do that on purpose?' and was immediately pelted with a slice of bread in retaliation. It stuck for a second, buttered-side-to-skin.
With no warning, John was on his feet, stalking over the bed, his gaze fixed on Sam and his hand raised, and it was like the night of Dean's fifth birthday again, but this time he was going to hit Sam and
His earliest memories were a tapestry- faded now, but a tapestry nonetheless- woven in his father's grief, his brother's need, his mother's absence, the inception of an emptiness in Dean that he thought would never be filled.
The crack of bone on hard tile was near agony. His gun clattered uselessly to the ground beside him as he shifted his gaze to land somewhere around the hem of Castiel’s coat. He couldn’t look at his face. Couldn’t meet his eyes. It was almost impossible to believe the terrifying figure before him was once his closest friend, and had saved him from Heaven and Hell alike before he had turned into whatever
When they landed, a millisecond and millennia later, his wings burned away into nothingness in a wave of electric, minty-white pain that forced him to the ground. In the aftermath, panting and sweating and shaking in Dean's arms and clutching at his handprint on Dean's shoulder, he realized his Grace, or what was left of it, anyway, had consolidated into a bright little ball in his chest. Like a soul.
"Vibe," Cas said helpfully.
"But why permit your pride to let you suffer at all when there is a solution readily available?" Cas asked, rolling his eyes. "There's no shame in asking for help. I think it's a great show of strength to admit when things have gone beyond one's own abilities."
"'The Salinas Valley is in Northern California. It is a long narrow swale between two ranges of mountains, and the Salinas River winds and twists up the center until it falls at last into Monterey Bay. I remember my childhood names for grasses and secret flowers. I remember where a toad may live and what time the birds awaken in the summer—and what trees and seasons smelled like—how people looked and walked and smelled even. The memory of odors is very rich.I remember that the Gabilan Mountains to the east of the valley were light gay mountains full of sun and loveliness and a kind of invitation, so that you wanted to climb into their warm foothills almost as you want to climb into the lap of a beloved mother. They were beckoning mountains with a brown grass love. The Santa Lucias stood up against the sky to the west and kept the valley from the open sea, and they were dark and brooding —unfriendly and dangerous. I always found in myself a dread of west and a love of east. Where I ever got such an idea I cannot say, unless it could be that the morning came over the peaks of the Gabilans and the night drifted back from the ridges of the Santa Lucias. It may be that the birth and death of the day had some part in my feeling about the two ranges of mountains....'"
Dean shook his head in denial. "Yeah. Okay."
Cas smiled wistfully. "At the very least."
Dean thought with a tinge of hysteria.
In the span of a heartbeat, Dean made his choice. He
“And in return?”
"Oooh," Dean leered playfully. "Now that would be an interesting threesome. Talk about a catfight ready to happen."
it since they’d had to go on a hunt?
"I love your hands. They're great," Dean mumbled into his palms, then froze. So it was true, that didn't mean he needed to say it! Some things were definitely better left unsaid.
"Yeah, I can do that," Dean said. Suddenly embarrassed, he added: "Sorry, Cas. You're still gonna get me my baby tomato plants, right?"
The Angel of Death.
Inexplicably, Dean found his heart was racing. He gathered up his things and shuffled out the door to drop it all off in his room, already planning an escape into the garage to work on cars he'd already tinkered with and polished to perfection a hundred times before. Cas's scent lingered softly in the air, grassy and sweet with an aura of ozone.
He groans and sits down, running his hands over his face. “Yeah, I’m sorry,” he sighs. “I’ve seen this before.”
His music cut out abruptly, mid-chorus.
. He quickly peeled off his jeans, boxers, and socks, and left them, along with the flannel he'd had over his henley all day, in the hamper and traded them in for new boxers, socks, and comfy grey sweatpants.
"No, but they're not human, either," Dean interrupted. "Cas is like... ugh, okay, imagine you were shrunk down to bug size, like ants, but you're still you, and you have to talk to the ants and make them follow a certain path, but then some of the bugs seem like real people to you, with real feelings, and they're not the same as you, but you can care about them, anyway. But you're not going to fall in love with an ant, especially if ants are the only ones that can fall in love, like, a special kind of love that only they experience, not people-that-are-ant-sized. Their emotions are just... different. It's an ant." Sam didn't reply. "Whatever. Figure it out, and in the meantime, get out of my way. I gotta shower and go see this house Cas found, and my patience meter is shot from this conversation."
“No, I know,” Sam says. “I think we need to be… ready.”
. I can't," he whispered, his voice leaving him- the combination of the realization and the forced vulnerability of the moment scooping him out from the inside and leaving him hollow.
"Wow, you guys really went all in, didn't you?" Sam looked stunned and maybe even a little jealous. Dean grabbed a couple beers from the fridge and set them on the table, taking one for himself.
Grandpa got up slowly, his nose bleeding freely, and Grandma held onto him with shaking hands, her face pale. He pointed at the door. "Get out."
"And they couldn't have come at a better time," Dean teased. "I can't wait to not have to clean up after you 24/7 anymore."
"I can have this, Sam," he repeated, sounding like he was about to take off and run.
"Yeah, I didn't think so," Sam said, slicing up a cucumber, carrot, and a couple baby beets. "Cas?"
"Dude," Dean said, "it's a bunker."
He was five, now. Grandma had made him a little cupcake, with a candle and everything, and Grandpa gave him a clap on the back and a little package of toy soldiers, army green and in all different poses, wrapped in a square of newspaper tied up with some kitchen string. He set it in front of him at the old dinner table with a proud smile, saying gruffly, "You'll share with Sammy when you're older, Dean, but he's still too young for grown-up toys like this."
"That's a good thing, Cas. You don't gotta get all mushy about it for nothing."
"I'm not that much of a mess," Dean snarked, rubbing at his eyes. "I can sleep. Most nights."
Cas, initially quite tense, relaxed quickly into the touch with a barely suppressed look of wonder and wrapped his free arm around him in return, pulling him even closer. "Of course, Dean," he rumbled, the vibration tangible everywhere they touched.
"Yep," Dean said faintly, doing the same. "Cas, you're sure we can afford this? It's-" he hesitated. "It's so nice."
He shredded it into long, wide strips, not letting himself think of how it was the last piece of Jimmy Novak, or how he had repaid the man's sacrifice by being party to the end of the world they both wanted to protect, or how Claire Novak had stopped praying to him weeks ago, now. He got on with the job,
as the latch slid into place.
"Dean. Stop," Cas ordered, stepping up and taking Dean's wrist firmly in hand, and with that, Dean just... did. He let Cas take his hand back under the water, let him wash it out gently with soap, rinse them off and dry them in the fuzzy green towel he pulled from the drawer. Let him check over both hands for any further injuries as his finger bled sluggishly, flipping them to look at the backs of his hands, his palms, and examining each finger with clear gaze and a furrow between his brows, the corners of his eyes gone tight.
“Cas,” Dean said, drawing his attention back to himself. “He didn’t know what he was doing. Can you try to forgive him that?” he pleaded as the first tear escaped and ran down his cheek.
When he emerged from the bathroom, Grandma was there waiting for him, running a brush through her dark hair. As she tucked him into bed, handing him his soft little stuffed cat, he spoke.
"Hi Claire, hi Kaia," Dean said absently, then registered the rest of the message. "Wait. What? Why?"
"Cas, please. Don't make me say it again," he said, already second guessing the impulse as he pushed the covers down on the right, laying the blanket back over the bed, and got in on the left.
"I always wondered since I took that burden, that curse, what it could be. What my true happiness could even look like. I never found an answer. Because the one thing I want..." he looks at Dean in a way Dean can't begin to decipher, almost like he's searching for something in the lines of his face or the strange constellations of his freckles across his cheeks before he shakes his head once, sadly. "It's something I know I can't have."
, his gaze dark and wanting. "Dean?" His voice had gone rough, his fingers tightening on Dean's hip as the thumb wandered to the middle of his lower lip, pressing lightly when they parted as Cas spoke his name.
"Gonna have to clarify for me, here, cause I'm not picking up what you're trying to put down, here," Dean said, his pulse thumping in his ears, his hands gripping his clothes like a vice. He tried to relax his hold a bit; white knuckles would only lead Sam on like a bloodhound. Dude could smell fear, Dean would swear it.
"Wait, can I see the ring?" he asked excitedly. "Do you have a ring too? Or is Eileen getting you one? Does she know you're telling us this morning?" The questions kept popping into his brain almost faster than he could verbalize them.
In that moment they reached an unspoken understanding. Cas let him go, let him look away, before drawing Dean's head down to his shoulder as gentle as could be and wrapping his hand around the back of his neck. Dean drew his arms up around Cas's waist, letting the angel take his weight as he held him close. They stood there for an indeterminate amount of time, swaying gently while Dean floated, half off in some other world and half as grounded as could be by Cas's solid heat.
"Okay. Umm. I mean, good for her, but I don't get how that changes things."
"Yeah, I guess that's middle America for you," Dean replied, eyes darting back over to Cas. "Pretty typical, buddy," he tacked on sympathetically.
Dean thought fiercely.
He dragged Dean off the bed and stood him up. "Learn your fucking place," Dad barked, digging in his pockets and throwing a five dollar bill and the motel key at Dean. "If he's so hungry, you deal with it yourself."
Dean paused for a moment, the rejection striking somewhere vulnerable in him and digging in. He shut off the faucet and dried his hands. "You're right, I should," he agreed, his voice strained.
"Yeah, I guess- I just needed some help sleeping. It happens. Sorry we can't all be perfect well-adjusted nappers like you, Sam," Dean said in a biting tone. "I ran into him in the library, he knocked me out, and I let him stay in here to read so he wouldn't have to be alone in the library all night. Even angels need company, dude."
Okay. One last effort. Okay.
He looked away, moved, and closed his eyes with the barest ghost of a smile on his face, and waited for Dean to wake up.
He was probably wondering how much longer until they got back, and Dean should probably ask him to start pre-heating the oven.
"I'm glad you made it, Sam," Cas said in a distressingly level voice, placing the newly-extricated angel blade on the table in front of him before turning to glance at Sam. “But the angel blade won’t work, because I’m not an angel anymore,” he said, matter-of-fact as could be, as if he hadn’t just dropped yet another massive bomb on their lives. Sam looked to Bobby, his eyes wide, and Bobby shrugged back minutely, similarly floored.
"I've already texted the agent from the website," Cas replied. "I might have been a little overly enthusiastic about finding something like this. I should have asked you first, but I'm asking now."
"Good morning to you too, Dean," Cas said mildly, uncrossing his legs and then crossing them again, his right leg on top this time. It was so unfair that he could spend all day and all night in the same clothes and not deign to look even the slightest bit rumpled. The whole angel thing definitely had its strong points. "I'm pleased you slept well. I only wish you'd allow me to help you more often. It is- fulfilling."
Sam shook his head and pushed off the door, then turned and opened it. "You'll take some pictures, right? I'd like to at least have an idea of what the place looks like."
"Shit, I almost forgot," he said, temporarily abandoning his dinner. He grabbed the envelope from where he'd set it aside and handed it over to Cas. "You were right, the keys and everything already came."
“Oh, gross,” Jacks says from behind him. “There’s blood on the floor behind the chair too. Up against the wall.”
"You know that's not what I'm talking about," Sam said, rolling his eyes. "Don't be a dick."
Cas pushed his empty soup bowl aside and propped his chin up on his hand, bracing his elbow on the table. "Why?"
Proof of income, too, coming in at about $4,000 a month.
"It will be nice, at the very least," Cas agreed, "but it's all the same to me, because we're staying together. And that's what's important."
Some days were better than others, of course. Some days he took precious little blue or white or green pills, all different shapes and sizes and he felt good. Numb, pleased, far away. Quiet. Others, fewer than the days he had his pills, he took shrooms, LSD. Molly, twice. Often he took nothing at all, craving the wicked pain and emptiness it created in him as his sobriety enhanced the ache his dwindling Grace left behind, needing the punishment to feel real before forcing himself into a tumultuous sleep after days spent horribly awake with half a bottle of rotgut sloshing in his stomach. He still liked joints, rolled meticulously, their verdant smoke curling up deliciously in his lungs and setting him up on a lovely little metaphorical cloud the best, and then, they were even more so lovely when he shared them with Dean. There was nothing, nothing like passing it between them, before transitioning into trading hit after hit between their mouths, brushing against his soft lips, breathing his air, watching Dean’s cheeks flush a stunning pink and holding tight to his deep golden hair, dragging him down into slow, languid kisses that desire deepened and turned into a precious sort of holy consumption as the high hit its stride in them both.
"I'll be just fine, Cas," Jack said, nodding. "Please be safe," he continued, looking over at Sam and Dean. "I don't want to have to pull any more family out of the Empty. That place gives me the creeps."
"And what if Dean changes his mind? Fuck, Cas, what if he meets someone? What if
Before he could answer, the ringing got louder, and louder, like it was right in his ear-
if you'll go to the P.O. box in town tomorrow when you go get gas and groceries."
"From the first moment in the Pit. Even though I didn't know it yet."
It was positively thrilling.
In the silence that followed, he swore he could hear the humming of the lights around the border of the room, the slight electric buzz of the lamp between them on the side table. It sounded like summer. Like bees.
The Croats had the remaining seven pinned down against the main truck, snarling and screeching and reeking of blood and gore, strips of flesh and clothing that once adorned their companions now dangling from their teeth. Their single-minded need for the endless consumption of human flesh and that it was currently being denied drove them to a terrifying frenzy, but the hunters were starting to push back, and the Croat numbers were thinning slowly but surely. Cas thought he saw Allen get bitten, but next he glanced at him he looked fine. He’d need to check on that if they made it out alive. He resigned himself quickly to the idea of killing the man before they got back to Chitaqua- Allen was a nice enough man, quick-witted and skilled with a blade and a loom, but nothing was worth bringing a Croat back to camp. He owed it to the man as a human being to grant him a swift death if he’d been infected before Allen himself could realize it. A shot to the back of the head, unawares, had to be better than a clumsy battle and inevitable stab to the chest (Cas knew he would always have the upper hand against a human, even when he had fallen in full) with fear in his heart.
"You're my best friend," Dean stressed.
Three years later, when Dean was eight years old, they were sitting in a shitty motel room outside of Fort Madison, Iowa, waiting for Dad to bring out something to eat from the convenience store for dinner, but when he came back, his face was red and his hands held a newspaper and an immense bottle of cheap whiskey, already open. He threw a plastic bag at Dean, who caught it and looked inside.
"'East of Eden', by John Steinbeck," he said, then paused, laying a hand in Dean's hair, petting softly at it, carding through the strands with slow ease. He started up again, his voice low and molten and utterly relaxing, rumbling in Dean's ear where it was pressed against Cas's torso.
"Well, yeah," Dean said, hoping his tone made it clear that he thought Sam was acting particularly slow. "We told you we were gonna do that."
"It could be," Dean interjected. Sam just sighed wearily. "I'm gonna go grab your present, Sasquatch." Sam visibly perked up at the mention of 'presents'. He pointed between the two of them then at the ladle over by the pot on the stove. "Someone watch the soup. Don't let the bottom scald," he ordered.
"After this one we'll probably have enough for dinner," Jack said thoughtfully, peeking into the cooler tank and frowning at its fullness.
Dean's eyes shot open. His ceiling looked like it was mocking him. Ugly popcorn mid-century plaster piece of crap. He might not even be there anymore. Dude was a grown man- angel- whatever, he had to have more important stuff to do that sit in Dean's room all night, 'monitoring' him or whatever.
"No, it's fine," Dean interrupted, just a bit too loudly, shuffling a bit in place and pushing his hands deeper in his jacket pockets. "Yeah. I mean- no. We're like, war brothers. Family, basically," he clarified.
What were they doing in this room?
He scrunched himself up under the covers and pressed his face into the pillow. Fuck, but he missed the kid. All the sick shit Chuck put in his head, all the times he said he wasn't family- it was just wrong. It didn't fit with what he knew of their relationship at all. Sometimes, the stuff Chuck wrote with the heaviest hand seemed the most dream-like of all. Just, unreal. It made Dean wonder just how many of his his most terribly surreal moments were Chuck's fault. Probably all of them, if he had to guess.
"Old man?" Dean practically shrieked, indignant. Cas tried and failed to stifle a laugh behind his own still-steaming mug, bumping the table with his knees as he slid into his seat. "See if I give you your present now, asshole."
Well that was his name getting dragged into the fight, and whatever they were pissed about, it didn't sound good.
As he rounded the corner and approached the door, Dean quieted his footsteps and his breathing, situating himself out of sight so he could listen to whatever else they had to say without involving himself.
“Should I, I don’t know. Touch it?” Sam asks.
"Oh, well, that's good to know," Jack said, turning back to the phone to read aloud. "Then it's a shovelnose sturgeon. And it is native."
“That’s because it wasn’t her,” Sam growls, racing down the stairs.
Oh, what if they got one of those giant bathtubs, all sparkling china and big enough to lay down in without his knees sticking out over the bubbles? He'd always wanted to try something like that, ever since he saw one on TV in a nighttime ad when he was eleven. He'd never had the chance, but it looked like
where they were at. "Dean, shirt off. Lift your arms," Cas commanded breathlessly, and Dean obeyed easily, the shirt flying off into some dark corner.
He looked at his face- soft cheeks and lips, the hardness and lines smoothed out in sleep and speckled with a smattering of freckles, so familiar to him he knew it better than his own, and infinitely more dear.
"Yeah," Dean said. "Yeah, if that's okay. I hadn't started it yet."
At that moment Cas came back downstairs, eyes shining, completely oblivious to Dean's Situation, and blurted out: "Dean. We're buying this house. Don't say no."
) his living-not-living spent in leather jackets too large for him and in whiskey bottles that drowned him, reveling in the bruises his dad and the monsters set too deep in his skin for his bones to bear (
echoing in the small room as John's hand connected with his face. Before he could recover, John had him by the front of his shirt, dragging him up to growl in his face, breath reeking of whiskey. "You think you're some kind of hero, boy?"
"Just look on their website," Dean said, shoving past Sam's hulking frame and heading down the hall. "Just ask Cas to send you a link to the listing. There's gotta be some pictures."
Sam smacked him on the arm before he could even react. "I know what you're insinuating and... no. Just no. Besides, it's not my place, it's yours. I think this is something you two should deal with together. Adding me into the equation will probably just make any issues with a difference in taste worse. I'd be fine to help out here though, if you want. I can't believe you're getting out of here so soon. Are you sure you don't want to wait?"
