"Brother, please—"
He can feel Cas trembling again, his breath stuttering as he watches Dean, completely stock still where he's pinned between the counter and Dean's hips. He's got a hold of Dean's bicep, like he needs something to hang on to.
His heart squeezes painfully in his chest. "Sam—"
once or twice in his head. He doesn't know why the thought doesn't bother him more. Everything else about the situation does. He doesn't even know if it
"Which tape?"
"More economical."
"I'd like you to forget it, if you can," he said quietly, and Dean looked at him. His eyes were surprisingly dark. "As a personal favour."
"Dude, I just had the best orgasm of my life. I'm not gonna say no to that again."
The silence between them is comfortable, and the flip from Cardi B to Bob Seger to Janet Jackson isn't jarring at all. It's not
The last time Castiel had been able to so brazenly stare at him had been in Purgatory, where he had watched over Dean as he slept. The nights there had terrified him, made it almost painful to look down at his feet and see Dean completely vulnerable and defenseless. Human beings were unspeakably fragile, and Castiel had not fully appreciated just how fleeting their lives were until he had spent long nights in Purgatory standing sentinel over Dean's sleeping body. It had been exposed to him, begging for observation, and yet staring at Dean for too long had proved an exercise in madness.
"Is that Cas?"
"She started smoking again," Jody informs him, much more sober now.
"Pretty PG-13 summary, but yeah, that's a start."
Jonah was quiet for several minutes. Castiel wondered how soon he would be able to ask Jonah to fix his leg, or if such a request was even possible. Jonah wasn't cruel by nature, but he was oblivious to the cruelty of his orders.
"Friggin' exhausted," Dean muttered, touching his fingers to the hollow of his collarbone. "Dying is hard work, apparently."
Something is wrong.
"That's a good idea," he said, swelling with relief. He could move forward with a plan. It made him feel ready. "Thank you, Sam."
"What's wrong with that?"
She spreads her hands. "Happy to be of service. You don't have to stick around if you don't want to. You guys have already been a huge help."
Half of Jonah was cast in sunlight, slanting across his features and cutting sharp shadows into the valley of his face. "You received revelation from the Michael Sword," he said with a triumphant smile.
Dean clears his throat, shifting against the table. "And… are you? Good, I mean?"
Her eyes drew down to his arm. "Will it?"
"You started gardening because of me?"
"You need some practice," he continued. "I know a guy who could—"
Cas comes into view then, face roiling like the tide. There's no light in the warehouse, but he's haloed all the same. Dean smiles. That's never gonna stop being funny.
Castiel suppressed a wince. "He wanted to know about free will, and I told him. It seemed to have inspired something in him."
A weak smile tugs at his mouth. "Once or twice."
Sam grunted. "Okay…."
Dust rained down on them. One of Dean's hands came up to brush it impatiently from his skin, then cradled his head against his shoulder. Castiel could feel his heartbeat through the soft fabric of his shirt, steady and true.
His chin scrunches up, and his vision blurs again, and he's seriously going to cry on the night of losing his very-much-not-virginity to a guy he's already slept with a bunch of times, because it's
"You are un-fucking-believable, you know that? No, actually, you're worse than that. I don't even—"
"You have to transcribe the text and then send it to me," Cas is saying to Sam. "Direct photographs don't work. I know. Yes."
Castiel was used to Dean's impatience, his irreverence and his antagonism. This was not that. The Mark had done well to latch onto Dean's temper, twisting it, stripping it of mercy or compassion. And now with the vampirism setting in….
Cas arches down to kiss him one more time, and then hooks Dean's leg over his waist. Dean pitches his hips up to meet him, and sees stars when he finally,
"Cas—" Sam reached across the table and grabbed his wrist, making him look up. "Just chill out, man. It was a long day. I'm not even doing dishes tonight." He smiled at him. "Go relax. There's a bunch of spare rooms. I know you don't sleep, but you can use one if you want some privacy."
"If you can't, it's alright. I just felt you move earlier." Cas runs a light hand up the length of him, as if to test, sending a jolt of heat lancing through Dean's stomach. And Cas is looking at him, gently, lovingly, and Dean's definitely going to disintegrate at any moment.
Then Dean frowns, realising what Cas just said. "How were you expecting it to go?"
"Some of them," Cas admits, fingers toying with the notebook on the table in front of him. "You dislike listening to me, so I kept non-essential light off in case you decided to get out of bed."
"But you don't want to."
The furrow in his brow deepened. "Is that what you think I'm doing?"
"That's great," he mutters, throat thick, twisting his mouth up as he looks down at his beer. "That's awesome."
"I don't."
It's so stupid the way his face flushes, like this is the first time Cas has ever expressed a desire to be with him—Christ, the guy told him he loved him earlier, Dean still can't fucking believe that—but he's going full tomato all the same. "You held off for like ten years," Dean says, shifting his weight on his elbow. It's not the most comfortable position, but he doesn't want to stop looking at Cas just yet.
Dean's soul still lingered in the room. He could feel its intent, defiant and resolved, but he couldn't grasp the shape of it. He was too weak and too restrained, and Dean's soul was too monumental.
Jody's voice wavers as Dean pours himself coffee. "
That has to be the reason he's sitting here, miserable and shirtless, instead of being kissed senseless. He decides that it is, because it sounds right.
They head towards the eastern side of the cemetery, wandering further away from the road. He and Charlie are both carrying, Jody too, but it still makes him antsy to be so far away from the car. Even with the blessing of the sheriff to walk around the crime scene, they can't really carry machetes around in broad daylight. They need to watch their backs.
"You were in Hell before I showed up," Cas reminded him sharply, and Dean went still, jaw shifting. "And saving your life afterwards required open rebellion. I do not regret the decisions I've made in serving you. But I am telling you that—" He took a deep breath. "That angels do not interfere in the lives of humans for a reason. We grow attached."
Jody gives him a frown that asks if she has
"I don't need to—"
They pass Claire in the parking lot on their way to the freight elevator with a vanity. She flips Dean off when they make eye contact, though her heart's not in it.
Dean stares at him, dumbfounded, wondering how the fuck he's supposed to respond to that. Leave it to Cas to turn a conversation where he's trying to apologise into some larger theological point about atoms and Hell and whatever other insane shit he just said.
"If that's something you would enjoy," Cas says easily. Dean's running out of organs to liquify, but something still manages to melt inside him. Of course, Cas is saying, of course I will sing your praises. Of course I will rebel. Of course I will do this for you. All you have to do is say the word.
"I'm fine," Dean answered for him, jerking his arms again. His legs were affixed to the chair as well, his jeans tangled up in the strips of the zip ties. His expression turned withering as he looked at his brother. "You can untie me. And get me out of this chair!"
He grinds his jaw. The Marlboros crumple in his hand, so he shoves them back into his pocket. She didn't mean it like a comparative thing, he knows that. He doesn't tell her it's a slap in the face anyway. "I don't—I don't know, what I want to say," he says haltingly. "It's like, like whenever I try to get it out, it comes out wrong, and then people get mad at me for shit I didn't mean, and then we start fighting, and half the time I don't even fucking know what we're fighting about. It's just noise."
"You do that."
"That's fine, thank you," Cas said quietly, hand coming up to touch a gouge in the doorframe to Bobby's office.
"Say it a little louder next time," Dean hisses, glancing around surreptitiously. No one's paying attention to them, thank god. "And no, dude, I'm not. I'm just—Rowena? Really?"
"You need to rest."
"I can supervise," Cas offered, watching Dean struggle to get out of the chair. He stepped around the mess on the floor to reach out for him, but Dean waved him off.
"We're almost done," his brother interrupted, face grim. Any lingering humour at watching Dean be shoved into the trunk had vanished. He handed Cas another zip tie.
"You are not at the head of your own forces, Castiel."
and Castiel felt his stomach clench in horror. Without his consent, his body began to breathe rapidly, making his ribs burn and his throat ache. Every time it opened, a part of him fantasised that it would be Jonah walking through the door instead of Theo. He'd stopped imagining anyone else—that sort of hope was too painful to entertain, even to himself.
"A few days, perhaps," he said quietly, looking to the carpet as if it would have answers. "The fight was… draining."
"I didn't mean to disturb you," Cas said instead of answering him. "I thought it important to ask permission before I rested here."
"Dean."
Surprising him, Jonah laughed. "Persecuted? Really?"
"Back at the station, organising a search party for tomorrow. I paid for the night here, by the way," she adds, like that's something he's worried about.
was Castiel's first thought, and then, full of shame, came the next one.
"Go away," he croaked, wiping the back of his hand over his mouth. He pressed his face into the towel Castiel had folded up as a pillow for him, breathing shallowly. "I'm fine."
"It worked before," Cas said, frowning. They were facing each other on the bed, tangled together, sweaty and breathless. The hand not wrapped around Dean's cock was pressed against his chest, palm flat. "In the scrapyard. I could feel it then."
"Hey man, she's texting you back. I call that a win."
He grabbed the manual and frowned down at the page she'd bookmarked. The text was small and his eyes really hurt. Dean began working up the energy to complain about it. "When do we get to play?"
He eavesdrops on Cas' phone conversation—he's a popular guy, apparently—while he grabs Woodworking for Dummies and flips through it to distract himself. It's probably for the best that he doesn't attempt anything more adventurous than handholding until he's one hundred percent certain he's not gonna vomit or pass out from any sudden movement. There's also his broken arm. If he's going to sleep with Cas, he should probably do it with both hands fully operational.
Then he ducked his head and kissed him.
"And you decided to tell him."
Castiel turned away from the desk and handed him the travel bottle of mouthwash, and Dean took it with a wordless nod of gratitude, uncapping it and swirling a mouthful of it around in his mouth. He spit it into his garbage can, muttering something about cleaning it later, and groaned as he curled his legs up onto the bed and stretched out across the mattress on his back. Dean was in surprisingly good spirits, pushing admirably through this violent bout of illness, but the fact that he allowed Castiel to help him get settled in bed was a significant tell for just how exhausted he was.
"No," he says, just to be annoying, and rubs at his eyes. "How'd the cemetery walk go? Where's Jody?"
"You're asking the wrong question."
Confusion momentarily set in when he realised that, for the first time in weeks, he was not in a prison cell, and relief flooded his system. Castiel had almost entirely stopped monitoring his position in spacetime as he had worked—a risk he almost never granted himself. It had pained him terribly to do so, since he would have liked nothing more than to monitor every moment that he got to lie beside Dean, but he needed the extra energy to attend to his wings. Settling himself back now into his vessel, a smile spread across his face.
He lingered at the sinks, wiping his face down with a washcloth, scrubbing his hands clean, rinsing his mouth out. He'd work up to a shower at some point later in the day. When he wandered back out into the hall, he was hit with the smell of frying grease and cooked meat. It made his stomach turn as he approached the kitchen. Hopefully he wouldn't blow chunks all over their breakfast.
"I know, now, what it is to be in a relationship with you," he continues on. "I wouldn't trade that for anything. Your comfort is of the utmost importance to me. But if this—if any part of this isn't working, I need you to say that to me. I will accept it, whatever it is. I just want to know where we stand."
"I'm okay," he repeated, smiling back, and then looked at Dean. "Let me."
Charlie stares at him. It's extremely uncomfortable, especially because he can see the judge, jury, and executioner all negotiating with one another inside her head, trying to figure out how much rope to toss his way.
Cas smiles. "No, as it happens."
"Get this over with?" Cas repeats. He's standing way too still. "That's what you think we need to do? To 'get this over with'?"
"Shut up," he says harshly. "Just shut up for a second." He lets out an uneven breath, feeling like something is about to burst from his chest, and stares down at Cas with everything he has. "I have to… I keep waiting for you to pack up and realise you got better places to be, but you never do. You're still here, even after—and you put up with all of it, everything, and you don't even complain. You're the only person who's ever done that. I trust you—I trust you more than my brother, man," he laughs, and his vision blurs with tears, Cas' form growing indistinct before him. "You're the best thing that's ever happened to me, and this—" He gestures between them, trembling, "—I've been trying so hard not to screw it all up, 'cause I want this to work so bad and I don't know what the fuck I'd do without you, so I just—I don't know, I'm just—I'm so stupid—"
"Not me, Alex. It's for school, up in Brookings. We're planning to drive her up there tomorrow, bright and early. Figured I'd save a couple bucks with movers and call you guys instead, if you're game."
"Well, I was—" He glances at his sling. "I mean, I was injured, and everything, but—"
"Do I give off the impression I haven't been?" Jody gives him an amused look. "As a matter of fact, I have. It sucks. You get over it. Life moves on. You think she's gonna ditch you if you ask her out?"
They spent most of the day reading up on the Mark. Sam had his laptop and Charlie had her own computer, leaving Castiel to flip through the bunker's substantial collection of books on biblical mythology. He found nothing he wasn't already intimately familiar with, but he thought there was a slim chance that reading through it would form novel connections to existing information that could possibly be helpful.
He expects a laugh maybe, or a cheeky grin, or even a 'fuck off, dude, that's none of your business', but instead he gets a soft, faraway look from Charlie, the kind that's usually accompanied by singing cherubs and soft overhead lighting.
He swallows hard and listens to Cas' heart thud against his ear. Life cannot possibly be this good. "Uh, yeah, yes. Definitely."
"What is this?" Dean stops and pokes at one of the larger buckets. "Is this an onion?"
"Does it matter?"
"Of course." Oren's words came out hesitant, unsure. "Or I could simply, ah, come back here in eight hours."
"I'm sorry," he says instead, and it grinds out of his mouth like glass, but he says it anyway. He wants to hug her; he wants her to leave and never come back. Most of all, he wants to sleep for the next week. So much of him aches.
"Oh. Alright." Dean's mouth twisted, glancing around like he'd be able to find an answer in the cell. His brow creased, and when he looked back at Castiel, his eyes were hedging, uncertain. "Um… don't take this the wrong way, Cas, or whatever, but—couldn't we, you know, cut these off?"
"She was checking in on you," Cas explains. "She wanted to talk to you directly, but you aren't supposed to use your phone. I mediated."
"I'm game if you are," Dean whispered. "Just tell me what I gotta do."
Castiel kept his eyes on his cuffs. "No," he agreed, fumbling with the button. "No tie."
Cas heaves a sigh, rolls his eyes, but his expression is warm. "Then what are you asking me?"
"Sit your ass back down and let us patch you up," Dean finished for him.
"Fuck this case," Dean whispers emphatically, his sentiment punctuated by a torrent of unholy wailing behind them. Sam grunts in agreement.
And the shittiest part about this whole mess, aside from all the flesh wounds and the daytime television he's forced to watch, is that the person he so desperately wants to vent to about this is currently doing Olympic-level gymnastics to never be in the same room with him. Cas avoids him like he's fucking diseased. Dean's too raw to think about solving any of his problems or having difficult conversations where he says things like
"Yeah, sure."
"You don't even eat meat," Dean protested. "Why the hell are you cooking it?"
"They reminded me of this, kinda," Dean said awkwardly when Castiel said nothing. His finger came into view, pointing to the columns. "Just… really old, you know? You're a lot older than a church, obviously, but it felt like I was standing in ruins. In a good way," he added, stumbling.
"Sam said it'll last three to five days."
He glances down. Cas is sweaty in that misted kind of way, the kind that only exists on television and photoshoots. If any of this is strenuous for him, he doesn't show it. Is that another ex-angel power of his? Seductively dewy on command?
boyfriend is two states over waving a machete around in a graveyard, and probably also dead, because you have a fucking
Cas seems convinced enough by that to drop the subject, and Dean risks another peek in his direction. It's dim in the library now, almost tolerable, and the War Room is dark.
In his periphery, Dean watches him frown down at the collection of tapes in his hands, shuffling through them and seemingly unimpressed with every single one he comes across. God, he's really laying it on thick. If Dean trusted himself more, he might reach over and grab one out of Cas' hand.
He noticed Sam was still staring and frowned at him. "What?"
next update might take a bit longer since I’m still in the process of writing the back half of this fic. thanks for all the lovely comments so far!!
He swallows down another mouthful of whisky and reads four more paragraphs about how worried this woman is that her boyfriend watches gay porn sometimes and doesn't fuck her often enough before growing bored with it and backing out. "Maybe you're just a sucky girlfriend," he murmurs, head still propped up by his hand. Dean could probably do a better job than her, and he's the one googling this shit. He should ask this woman's boyfriend out instead.
in a really passive aggressive way, so Eileen knows they're just shooting the shit instead of calling in their own impending doom.
Dean places a kiss on his neck, smiling into his skin. "Know what?"
He came hard. Cas was practically curled around him, clinging desperately to his shoulder and hip, gasping into the collar of his jacket as he came all over Dean's hand. The noises he made, muffled into the fabric of Dean's coat, were almost enough to do his head in. He felt his cock throb inside his pants, aching for the same relief Cas was arching up into, and finally—finally, Dean felt him relax.
He watches her in silence, frowning. "Does all nail polish smell like that?"
Dean nods, though it's not like he's got a fucking clue about any of this. There's a bubble of something unpleasant welling under his sternum, not unlike indigestion.
He found Sam by the stove, dressed in clean clothes and his hair still drying from a shower, heartbeat calm and steady. Next to him was the world's most impressive mountain of home fries, along with what had to be over two pounds of cooked bacon. On the island sat Dean's breakfast—a mason jar full of vamp blood and whatever slop Campbell's recipe called for. He glowered at the evil little jar as he shuffled towards the coffee machine.
Jonah was irritable today, and the words made him bristle. "You do not ask me questions. You answer mine."
to avoid her, he just really doesn't want to hurt Eileen's feelings or freak her out. It's something he knows he needs to get over, and fast; Sam doesn't behave this way around a girl unless he's head over heels for her. Eileen's not going anywhere anytime soon, and Dean needs to get his shit together and actually learn how to talk to her without making it awkward. But until then he's not gonna embarrass himself in front of Eileen or make her feel like she's not welcome by being weird about it.
"You've been busy," Dean comments, letting the hatch fall closed and stepping onto the gravel. His leg burns from the climb, but at least he's not dizzy or out of breath.
graveyard. He'll apologise to her, too, while he's at it. All he does these days is say sorry to people.
Dean shudders, successfully keeping down any other embarrassing noises, and Cas continues to run his fingers through his hair. It's so soothing that he can already feel himself slipping back into unconsciousness, a thing he's never been able to achieve while sober. He relaxes back into Cas, into his warmth, and lets his eyes slip closed.
"I doubt I'll have the strength to repair my wings entirely," he explained. "So, I will call you."
There was a pause. "You good?" Sam said from the other side of the door.
"You really think I'm going to Hell again?"
"He made his own decisions."
"Save it." She continues writing.
Castiel offered a smile of his own. "I never said his reasons were good."
He glances at the pathologist, and Jody follows his line of sight. "Carl knows," she assures him, and Carl shoots him a smile. "You can talk freely."
It bothers him that he's not more bothered by it. It bothers him how much the prospect makes his heart swell.
Cas closes his eyes, exhaling slowly. A number of emotions flash across his face, too rapid for Dean to catch, but the one that lingers is a resigned fondness, the kind of expression offered to a beloved family dog that's just destroyed all the expensive new throw pillows. There's a slight smile on his lips when he opens his eyes, and Dean's breath hitches. God, they're so blue.
He's got nothing on him, no weapons, and the nearest available bludgeon is a splintered skeleton. Dean grabs a slice of bone anyway, checking that the end of it is sharp, and tucks it out of sight under his leg, letting his bound hands hang loose in his lap.
Her gaze dropped to Jonah's blade. He could see the recognition in her eyes as they swept the length of the steel. "Where is he now?"
Cas leaves almost without a sound, slipping out of Dean's room with little more than a brief crack of light to mark the occasion. Dean tucks the hand Cas had been holding under the blankets, slipping it under the hem of his shirt, palm to his stomach so he can savour the lingering warmth.
"Oh yeah?" He grins, leaning back in his chair. "Need some big strong men to come help you out?"
"I can leave."
"What? No—no. Not her. You haven't—you don't know her. Anyways." He picks at the label on his bottle, faltering. "I don't know. Maybe… maybe this is different from what we're—you know, talking about, you and your—or this, even." He nods towards the apartment. "It's not…."
"An afternoon," he replied. "Here."
"—and short of locking you in your fucking
"Get that flashlight out of my face," he hissed into the carpet of the trunk, seething. He coughed again, his tongue running over his teeth under his lips, and his next words came out surprisingly lucid. "And get away from me, Sam—"
"Well, yeah," Dean says sheepishly, mouth twitching. "But Jody needed help, so I went."
that's the whole problem, but a girl can dream.
"I believe it does," Castiel pressed. The movement of Dean's fingers stopped. "I seem to have given the impression that I was using you, reinforced by my request you come here. That is not the case."
Dean barged into another office room, quickly clearing it, and then swore under his breath. "Where the fuck is he?"
The other results are basically useless: a bunch of articles about straight men who have 'bromances' with their gay friend and why that's so revolutionary, panicky forum threads from dudes who realised they watch the guy in porn a little too often for them to brush it off as studying their technique—been there, done that, best of luck pal—and a disturbing blog article about a woman trying to sleep with her gay best friend 'as a favour' so he knows what the other side is like. It makes Dean feel a little more well-adjusted by comparison, which is not a feeling he experiences very often.
"My jaw hurts," he complained, and Castiel felt his back rumble with quiet laughter. "Haven't… haven't done this in a while."
"And Dean is in trouble," Castiel surmised.
Oren left in a flutter of wings. For the first time in hours, Castiel allowed his shoulders to slump.
"The Compromise tape, huh?"
Dean sleeps for most of the day. He finds Charlie in the den, playing her weird Zelda game, and she saves his life by informing him that there's a sub sandwich for him in the fridge.
Castiel sat back on his haunches, his legs aching and his head pounding. He looked down at the blood on his hands—Jonah's, Dean's, Sam's, his own. He hurried to wipe it off on his pant legs, looking away.
Repeating his instructions didn't produce anything aside from an enraged shout. Dean thrashed again, bucking wildly against Castiel's grip on his arm and head, and a snarl ripped out of him. He put up enough of a struggle that Castiel had to remind Sam to stay back as he shoved Dean bodily into the trunk of the car.
"Private," Dean clarified. "Sam included. I'm not—I'm not ashamed, or whatever, I'm just—I don't know, I guess I'm just—"
He can hear the smile in Cas' voice, warming his insides. "
"You can blow them up with your mind, right? Jedi mind trick stuff?"
The room itself isn't that big, either—maybe ten by eight feet. The ceiling looks too low for him to stand under without ducking, and there's a single entrance in the far corner of the room. There's no door; it leads into complete darkness.
"No."
His vessel was failing him. He could feel it withering as it struggled to contain that much more of his Grace, now bound to Earth and the linear flow of space and time. This must be what the others felt like, Castiel thought. All the angels who had been shut out of Heaven, their Grace still tied to the foundations of His kingdom and yet unable to return. Their human vessels weighed on them like a lead ball on a sheet of cloth. He remembered, long ago, what it had been like to first be confined to a vessel as he walked the Earth. Suffocating, claustrophobic, unacceptable. It didn't bother him now, which was exactly why Theo was doing this. To make him suffer as their siblings did.
"I'm gonna give you one of these—
Instead of finishing his thought, he slumped over, falling heavily on his back beside Castiel. He rubbed at his eyes again, looking like he was struggling. "Yeah," he croaked then, his throat working. "Yeah, it was enjoyable."
give him something to focus on if Cas rejected him. Sam knows a few journalists he can probably hit up if he really wants to get the full experience—or maybe he should call Cassie. Not that she would stoop so low as to write weird articles publicly speculating about her partner's sexuality online. Or that he would be that much of an asshole and do something like that to her in the first place. She's also almost definitely not single by now, anyway. Bummer.
He heard the pillow rustle as Dean nodded. With the room this quiet, it was easy to catch the hitch in his breath, the soft sound of him wetting his lips in preparation to speak. Yet Dean remained silent.
"Jonah—"
"I've executed my siblings in the past who've done the same," he said quietly, and Dean's face fell. "It's an… abhorrent practice. And it's not one that occurs to most angels."
"I'll make—I'll make it up to you," Dean's telling him. Cas is almost painfully beautiful under the shitty fluorescent light. He needs to keep a better handle on Cas so he doesn't slip away. You don't find a gold ring in the parking lot and not pick it up. Eventually someone's gonna notice that Cas doesn't, shouldn't, can't possibly belong to Dean, that this whole thing is a fluke. But until then, he's gonna hang on tight; he's gonna savour whatever he can get.
Cas pulls his head up, eyes dark. "To ten," he clarifies.
"Got it," Charlie says, smiling at him. "I'll take him for walks in the morning, change his water twice a day—"
"Unfortunately, it's also dangerous," the ghoul continues. "We've lost a few people."
"Dean," he rasped, arching up into the press of his mouth, now just under his ear. "What do I—"
"Just making sure," he says quietly. "I really am sorry if I upset you."
The selection turns out to be garbage, which is a strike against the motel, even with the view. Aside from porn, the closest thing to a mood-appropriate movie is The Matrix, which is technically a romance movie in the same way that Subway tuna is fish.
They find Sam and Eileen in the library, sitting next to each other eating Chinese takeout in front of Sam's laptop, and Dean feels an absurd spike of jealousy. Whether that's because they're eating hot food or because his brother is on speaking terms with his girlfriend, Dean's not entirely sure, and he's not inclined to think about it hard enough to find out.
The weeks dragged on. More jobs piled up, more freak sightings of things that shouldn't be on this side of the Atlantic, much less in Bumfuck, Ioha. It meant they relied on Bobby more than usual to track down information on what they were hunting, and Dean held more facts in his head about Transcaucasian folklore than any man should have a right to. It seemed to excite and concern Sam in equal measure; he was obsessed with being prepared, even more than usual, and discovering weird shit to hunt meant doing countless hours of research in new sections of the library. It was fucking annoying, mostly, and usually pointless, but Dean had to admit he'd missed seeing Sam dork out like this.
Cas sighs. "You're not supposed to—" He cuts himself off, realising how pointless his protest is. "I'll be back by the end of the week. Dean?"
Understanding that nap time was now officially over, Dean sat up. The couch twanged at the movement, and his jacket fell into his lap. He leaned forward to stretch his back out, rubbing at his eyes. "What's up, Cas?"
It steps further into the room, head and shoulders hunched beneath the low ceiling as it approaches him. Bones crunch beneath its boots—Dean's boots, those are a perfect replica of the pair he's got on—as it makes a beeline for him. The ghoul comes to a stop at his feet, smiling with his own face back at him.
"I mean, maybe. You're not
"You're very bad at lying when aroused," Castiel observed, and the answering glare Dean gave him was more than worth it.
"Well, you're out here with me." He holds out the cigarette to her, and she takes it gratefully.
He nodded. "Paint them on the windows," Cas instructed. "In blood."
With that cryptic demand, Cas takes his leave. It's awkward, because Dean is going to miss him really badly and wants to kiss him goodbye like the fifties housewife he's turned into, but he blew his chance on that already and he'll shrivel up into a piece of gristle on the floor if Cas pushes him away again, so instead he watches him stomp up the stairs from a safe distance, his insides aching. Cas lingers at the door for a moment, his back to them, before seemingly resolving something in his mind and shoving outside, slamming the door shut behind him.
It's pushing ten in the morning when Dean takes the elevator down and walks back outside, skirting around to the parking lot, where he spots Cas sitting at the top of the rental truck's ramp, boots planted firmly on the steel, face upturned to the sky.
"Figured what out?" To preoccupy himself, he was counting the near-microscopic flecks of fake pearl embedded under the lacquer of his sleeve cuff buttons. The lighting in his cell was not ideal for such a task, but he found that keeping his chin tilted upwards relieved some of the pressure on his spine, and he'd already counted the grooves in the ceiling.
It had been a while since he'd seen this many dead angels. Hannah's incursion had turned the tide against Bartholomew's men, but not soon enough to matter. As many of his own men littered the floor as Bartholomew's, and Castiel could feel the building sway around them from the damage. Debris settled thick as snow over the open office floor; the windows had all been blown out. Parts of the ceiling were gone completely, offering a view of one or even multiple floors above them. Chunks of the floor were also gone, and at the bottom lay bodies shouldering ashen wings. Outside, he could see damage to adjacent buildings from the conflict, and sensed the presence of reapers nearby. Human beings had died as a result of this battle. Sirens wailed below.
"That fucking rescue attempt," he said with a harsh laugh. His words were bitter. "You had to… what did you do to that guy, anyway?"
A thin strip of skin along the length of his calf has been removed. The cut is surgical, almost like some sort of biopsy was done on him. It's less than an inch across, and about five inches lengthwise. The cut isn't especially deep, but it hurts like a sonuva, and blood is oozing out of the wound, slathering across his leg and the ruined material of his pants. Man, and he liked these jeans, too.
She's quiet for a moment. "Yeah. We got married right out of high school 'cause I got pregnant, then we moved in together. I loved him, but…." She sips her beer. "I don't know. We were too young. I would've done it a lot differently, knowing what I know now."
He scrubbed a hand across his face, letting out a slow breath. His heart pounded dully at his temples, at the bruises on his face and the cuts on his knuckles. Rolling his tongue around in his mouth produced a dry, sour copper taste that made the insides of his mouth stick to his teeth, which still ached in his skull. On the other side of his door, he could hear the whine of fluorescent lights in the hallway. That was going to be a problem.
He kissed Dean for several long, exquisite moments, certain that he would be able to do this for all time and not tire of it. Standing now, Dean pressed close against him, and Cas crowded him even closer, wrapping an arm around his waist. The shape of Dean's body was intoxicating, and after years of watching him from a safe distance, it was his turn to finally touch it.
The mercurial rush of whatever the fuck had been in that needle is already working its way through his system, and Dean can feel himself fading. His limbs are dead weight, completely unusable, and his vision rapidly begins to tunnel as he watches, dazed, as the ghouls turn their attention to his leg.
His atoms shook apart as Castiel cradled his soul in the palms of his hands, folding him into the centre of himself until they were a single, shared coordinate, and if Dean still had lungs he would weep from the joy of it.
He suspects the next swig Charlie takes is to prevent herself from laughing at him. "So you guys just stare at each other while you do housework instead of having sex like normal people?"
"Dean."
Dean makes a face and gets back to work. Cas and Eileen circle the grave without a word, shotguns at the ready, hyper alert in case she returns. And she
"In what ways?"
"No, look—" Dean sighed. "It's just—you haven't been around a lot. I know you're busy," he hurried to continue, seeing Cas' lips part to offer an explanation. "I get that, I'm not mad. But you look… tired. And upset. And it feels weird to let you wander around Bobby's place by yourself while we stay inside and try to find work for the week."
With his cheek tucked in the cradle between Dean's neck and shoulder, he found the strength to say, "you have to go."
Before giving Castiel a chance to answer, he stood up from the bed and went to his desk. Castiel watched the muscles of his shoulders move beneath his t-shirt as he sorted through a pile of papers near his desk lamp, and then Dean came and sat back down on the bed next to him.
He retracted his hand from under Castiel's shirt and did as he said, rolling over so that his back was to him. Castiel gathered him against his chest, his arm slipping comfortably in the dip of Dean's waist. "Go to sleep," he whispered once more. His hand slid beneath his shirt, tracing his skin as Dean had done. It was soft, without intent or expectation. It was all the confirmation Dean needed; Cas was not going anywhere. Dean did not have to give himself over to him to make him stay.
"It's just weird."
He stands up way too abruptly from the bed and waves for Cas to do the same. "Come on. I'm starving."
"You," he breathes, and he's shaking again, not sure why that's so hot, only that it is. "Cas, I'm gonna come already—"
"Cas," Sam struggled to say, giving him a tight smile. He tried to reach for him. "You're okay—"
"I've tried to explain this to you before," Castiel reminded him calmly. "You were uninterested in the topic."
"Search party, my ass," he mutters.
The truth was far more plain than that, and it would drive Jonah mad to learn it.
"Then what else is bothering you?" Jody leans against the railing, which makes the hair on the back of his neck stand on end.
He's not sure when this started. He's still not fully convinced it started at all. It's not like one day he woke up and suddenly began noticing how well Cas' shoulders fill his t-shirts, or the pleasant gravel of his voice. That's always been there. That's just Cas. The difference now is that he's seriously considering doing something about it.
"Alex doesn't want to be a hunter," Jody says gently.
Charlie glanced between both of them, disbelieving. "Really?"
Dean hops the fence with only a minimal amount of protest from his back and keeps off the main cemetery pathways, staying under the sparse cover of trees whenever he can as he makes his way towards the back of the lots. Now that the sun's not boiling him alive, it's actually nice outside.
He shouldered politely past his brother, letting the door click shut behind him. Dean's eyes flicked between him and the door, brow arching. "Did I interrupt something?"
"No. Answer the question."
The lapping of water he heard earlier catches his attention again, because the rhythm of it shifts; it's no longer the slow, methodical noise of moving water buffeting against a wall. Someone is walking through it now, approaching his position.
He looked at Dean again, expression resolving into something even more grave. "Raphael is capable of more than you know."
He feels Cas' hand on his shoulder, warm and gentle. "Sorry," he whispers. "I didn't—sorry."
"Yes."
"Sure they can. Come on, up."
"You're sure you don't want to be doing something else?"
A tremendous rushing sound of collapsing dirt and gravel echoes through the room, making them both look up. The ghoul's fingers tighten even further on his jaw. He's gonna have bruises by tomorrow.
"Like he always does. That's just how he is. You get used to it eventually."
"Shit, I forgot. Sorry, Cas—"
"Who likes their siblings?" Jody tips her beer up for another sip. "I knew she'd be upset. I think she's worried about Alex getting attacked again. I am, too, believe me, but Alex wants to do this. I'll only be shooting myself in the foot if I force her to stay."
he wondered in horror, and then,
"No," Cas says fondly, and he's
They go pretty hard for a good two hours, unloading most of the truck, passing each other on a seemingly endless number of trips back and forth between the truck and the apartment. His back starts to give him grief after depositing a chair in the living room, and Jody makes him sit down on it for a few minutes so he doesn't seize up. It's a miracle nobody calls him an old man.
"This is gonna really suck for like the next fifteen seconds," Dean said, ignoring him. "I'm sorry, I'll be fast."
He shoved the thought down. Now was not the time.
"Yeah, I do." She gives him a scathing once-over as she kicks the fridge closed. "I'm not drinking your old man beer."
"Yeah, we can figure all that out later," Dean says impatiently. "I thought we were having a conversation about—"
"But you waited 'til you got your rocks off."
But his Grace was a fickle thing these days. The abuse it had suffered meant he needed to dedicate higher order parts of himself to accomplish what had once been reflexive, instant. The human brain did not require conscious thought to understand that the flame on a stovetop was not to be touched; Castiel did not—should not—expect any effort on his part to produce his vessel on Earth at the appropriate coordinates in spacetime.
"I saw you and Sam. You're hunting with other people."
"I would like that," he told him, and the happy relief on Dean's face was blinding.
"But you
After a couple minutes, he finally gets himself back under control. He pulls away eventually, wipes at his face, and lets out a shuddering breath.
There was a heavy pause of silence. With the door open, Castiel could hear the distant shouts of angels and the clash of holy steel. The quakes that rocked the building were explosive now. It was enough for him to drag his head up and look towards the door.
so he'll allow the showmanship, annoying as it is.
"Unbelievable," he muttered, shoving away from the truck and fumbling for his belt and zipper. His face flushed hot all over again, and shame coursed through him at how little relief the palm of his own hand offered.
"I'm being serious. Just—go with the flow."
Jody goes over to Cas and pulls him into a hug, which he accepts almost desperately. Not many people hug Cas these days, Dean thinks, and something awful twists up inside his gut.
"I'm not a cop, dude, relax." Another pause. "Anyway," Sam continued, clearing his throat. "I'm gonna go check the other rooms."
"Why the hell is everyone saying that?"
Castiel flinched at the name, unable to stop the reaction. It made Jonah's face constrict, his mouth tightening. He was becoming more confident in his role as jailer, and Castiel was growing weaker.
"Uh, yeah, quiet."
"Is everything alright?"
"It's alright," Cas says, like he's shushing him. The hand in his hair helps a lot with that.
Unacceptable.
They slumped to the ground again. Castiel was already breathing hard, trembling from the pain, and pressed his face to Dean's shoulder.
The door on the eastern wall shuddered. The internal mechanism produced a dull
He heaves a sigh, and the railing creaks where he leans his weight on it. "Yeah, sure."
"Are you in trouble, Cas?" Sam asked. "Do you need help with—"
Oren cocked his head at the farewell—it was context dependent on mood, temporary in nature, and applicable only to this meridian of Earth. It was not the way angels spoke to one another.
"What is it?"
"Don't go," he whispers, quiet and low. "I'll make it up to you."
Her eyes narrowed. "As you said."
"Tilt your head up," he whispered, ducking low, and Cas complied easily. He rewarded him with an open, wet kiss just below the jaw, and felt his throat shudder with another strangled noise. Cas' hands shifted restlessly, across his arms, his hips, unsure of where to place them.
Cas' smile is old, the kind of old that existed before stars were made, and Dean just so happens to be in the same stitch of spacetime to bear witness to it. "Nothing involving you is easy, Dean," he says adoringly. "But I wouldn't be here if it was."
"Do you want it or not?"
"She's a good kid," he says quietly, dropping his eyes down to the cracked concrete.
"Wait, really?"
Castiel searched for an adequate response. "I'm alright," he lied eventually.
Dean glances in the rearview to check if they've got any red tags on their duffel bags or red sharpies or something in the back seat. Apparently not. Nothing red on the dashboard, either, unless he counts the odometer dial, which Cas wouldn't pick anyway. He risks a glance down at himself—clean jeans, grey shirt, brown boots, silver belt buckle, blue thermos—and comes up empty.
Jonah's frustration was immediate. He didn't lash out, but Castiel could feel his Grace filling the room, agitated. It smelled like petrichor. "Raphael was left in charge. We were to follow his command."
Dean doesn't have the perspective or the vocabulary of an angel, but he's struck dumb watching Cas, chest and face flushed, stubble prickling his jaw and throat, muscle rolling fluidly in his arm as he runs a hand along the length of his dick, the thick column of his thighs punching deep divots in the bed where he's braced between Dean's legs. His hair's still tousled from when Dean ran his hands through it, and the broad bellows of his ribcage strains harshly against his skin as he exhales roughly. Never in Dean's life has he got it so bad for someone, and if it's the last thing he ever does, he's gonna make Cas feel as good as he does right now.
Cas takes it from him with a frown. "She drinks alcohol in public spaces?"
He stood up from Dean's bed before he did anything truly idiotic. Castiel arranged the water bottle and washcloth on the nightstand so that they were both easily within reach, and with a final, parting
Dean hangs on for a moment longer. He's not trying to push his luck, but a guy's gotta know. "So….?"
"Disobedience and independence are two separate things," Castiel said instead, hoping it would distract Jonah.
that movie," Cas says vehemently, now by his shoulder, and Dean presses a kiss to his temple. It seems to calm him some.
He steps away, wipes at his face with the sleeve of his shirt. "Yeah."
Dean grins. "Sounds like it's working."
"Can doesn't mean should," Sam countered, undeterred. "You're—you look like crap, man."
about a lot of things, but also not. It's complicated. Over-a-decade-of-history kinds of complicated.
There was a rustling on his end, like something being quickly rearranged. "
"You guys need a couple more minutes?" Her bored tone suggests she wouldn't be that upset if everyone in the diner died right now, including her. Dean's not entirely against the idea either, but after glancing around the table and seeing everyone listing in various directions, he musters the energy for a smile.
He can hear Cas speaking quietly with the girls down the hall in the bedroom, probably trying to get them to decide on the furniture layout, and he smiles into the mouth of his bottle. Claire could probably tell Cas to jump out a window and he'd do it.
even if it had only lasted a moment—
Dean's hands were shaking and bloody as they pulled away from his brother. Castiel gently palpated Sam's stomach, which was a mess of gore. He'd been stabbed very badly; the damage was complex.
Dean tries not to bristle. "Claire wants to protect her. It's dangerous out there."
The casual tone falls flat, and the words come out like a confession instead. Cas' mouth curls, eyes dancing around Dean's face, slipping to his bare collarbone, the sweep of his shoulders. "Good."
Dean slides on his ass until his back is flush against the wall, giving him a wider view of the room. He quickly pats himself down, taking stock of what he still has on him. Car keys are gone, wallet's gone, gun's gone, pocket knife's gone. Even his lighter is missing. He dropped his phone in the cemetery, so that's gone, too. No backpack in sight, either. Awesome.
"'Okay'?" he echoed.
"Yeah, sure, just get blood all over the upholstery," Bobby cut in. "It's not like I don't got enough shit to clean up."
"I did it to impress a girl," Dean says, unsure of why he's telling her this. "Did a lot of dumb shit to impress people."
Dean glanced over his shoulder, towards the desk where Bobby was looking after Sam's arm. "Is that all you needed us for?"
"Right," Sam hummed, meaning the exact opposite of that. "Look, I know Cas is really busy. I don't think he's avoiding you, or us. But he seems temperamental lately, and it's hard to know what bothers him sometimes. I'm just saying we gotta be extra patient with him. Right?"
A half-rotted warehouse ceiling greets him when he opens his eyes, unfocused and spinning. Pain blooms across his forehead, throbbing into his eye sockets, in perfect tempo with the rapid beat of his heart. He wants to touch his head, feel for where the hit came from, but that's not working, either; his fingers twitch, and violet spots wink in his vision from the pain that lances up his left arm.
"Better than yours, that's for sure."
Dean frowned. The flush was fading from his cheeks as he thought. "You mean the—the thing where you shove your hand through my chest?"
"Yeah," Dean huffed. "Yeah, I bet." He fiddled with a pull in the fabric of the blanket, jaw working as he considered his words. "Well, thanks. Holding my hair back isn't exactly a fun way to spend the evening."
"All freshened up?" Sam asked, and there was a knowing look on his face. Not judgemental—more like concerned, like he knew that Dean had been stalling. Like he'd be asking him about it later.
"So, so easy," the ghoul says again. It lets go of his hands and then grabs his chin, fingers digging into Dean's jaw. It's not a chokehold, but it could very quickly become one. "Be nice, and I'll keep you sedated."
Dean's head blocked out the overhead bulb, casting his features in sharp relief. Castiel thought his eyes were wet, but couldn't be sure. Something flashed across his face, something unreadable. It made Dean's jaw tick, set hard in determination, as if overlooking a precipice and wondering whether or not to jump.
The weight of his own body was too great. They sank to the floor, Dean stumbling awkwardly to his knees, and for the first time in weeks, Castiel's arms were not above his head. He slouched into Dean's warmth, unable to help himself, and wept with relief.
"Mm." Dean pushed his sunglasses up his nose as he dragged his head up, turning his face away from the stovetop light. "Maybe."
"Food ain't maintenance," Dean tells him, shoving a forkful into his mouth. Yeah, heaven. "It's a luxury."
"Seven weeks," he insists. "But yeah. I don't know. Maybe."
"I think you know what you want to do," she whispers to him. "You just want someone to give you permission to do it." Her arms tighten around his back. "If you need it, this is it."
Dean's eyes flick to the dead cop in the corner. "I'm assuming you're not talking about actual human beings."
Dean grinned. "Don't sound too excited."
Ignoring the disturbing amount of bones littering the floor, he glances down at his legs and frowns. His right pant leg is split up the inseam all the way to his knee. Dean leans forward and pulls it aside awkwardly with his bound hands, and hisses when the fabric pulls wetly away from the skin of his calf.
Jody checks that the latches on the screen and glass door are properly closed before replying. "Boundaries," she says, like that's all that needs to be said. When he raises an uncomprehending brow, Jody rolls her eyes. "Alex is growing up. If I stop her from living her life, I may as well hand her back over to a nest."
Technically speaking, what Dean does for the next seventy-two hours would easily qualify as "sulking", but he's never been one for technicalities.
"I serve no one."
cases of beer," he says gravely into her hair, and she lets out a strained laugh.
He studied the ruins, trying to locate whatever similarities Dean found between the handsome stone of an ancient church and the bloody mess of his own wings. They were serviceable, even if he didn't fully trust himself to fly around unattended yet, but he held no illusions as to the state they were in. His repairs had been utilitarian, practical as opposed to reconstructive. The loss he felt was entirely fuelled by vanity, but it stung to the core of his being. For billions of years his anterior set of wings had been breathtaking, exquisite to behold. Other angels had commented on them before, envious and marvelling in turn. And now they were bent, asymmetrical, ugly things, barely fit for flying.
"Cas, look—"
"Yeah, like I said, fine. Hundred percent." He glances at her. "So? The case?"
He frowns. "Okay, but—"
"Dean—"
Dean frowns warily. "Why?"
"Metatron dislikes most angels."
"You know, maybe you should just reach into my chest and pull out what you need," Dean offered. "I don't mind."
He tosses Cas his sleaziest grin, so he knows he means business. "Let's get this show on the road, baby."
Dean tightened his grip around Cas, fisting working between his legs. He could feel himself straining against the fly of his jeans, aching and uncomfortably hard. Unable to do anything about it right now, he rubbed his hips into one of Cas' thighs, shivering at the miserably insufficient contact. He needed himself hot and hard in Cas' hand, or his mouth, or—
Jody's frowning. "I can call up other hunters, you know. Your brother, Garth, hell, even your mom—"
Charlie continued to look between them, mouth slightly ajar. She cleared her throat. "Does this shit happen like every day with you guys?"
Dean was laughing, breathless, and it blew across his skin. "This is distracting?"
"I did. I do."
"Which we seemed to have worked through."
"Dean?"
Dean's eyes swivelled in his direction, accusatory. Castiel raised his hands in a shrug, just as annoyed as he was. Oren had apparently given up on cellphones entirely.
"You sure?" Sam asked. "We can patch your, uh—body up."
He frowned.
"Everything," Cas says quietly. "The joints in my fingers, the knuckles, the side of my palm. It's radiating down into my wrist. It's very unpleasant." He sounds irritated, like the limitations of a human body are something he should be better at commanding.
"Is that a yes?" Dean finally asks.
Relief rocked through him, and he steadied himself with a hand on the coffee table. "What happened?"
"Catch you soon, Cas," he gets out, and hangs up before he can think of something idiotic to say.
Dean pushes his plate to the side so he can rest his arms on the table. His heart is starting to calm down a little. Alright, so, they're no longer at DEFCON 1 anymore. "Okay," he says, still not following. He remembers the conversation now, the one Cas is talking about, but it feels like it happened in another lifetime. He's barely even thought about it since then. Cas is always going on about how much he respects him and his boundaries, which isn't bad or anything, but it's weird that he's bringing it up now. Wasn't he trying to break up with him a second ago?
"So. About your gardening," Dean drawls. Cas is mostly covered with a blanket, so his hand moves under it, tracing aimless circles on his chest.
"This is not either or," he said impatiently. "I'm trying to—to balance my affairs on Earth with the task of retaking Heaven."
"Vampires?" Castiel asked, stepping carefully over the headless torso of a very unfortunate man.
Dean stares down at the table. If he concentrates hard enough, maybe he can spontaneously die on the spot so he doesn't have to talk about this anymore. "It's going to sound stupid if I say it out loud."
"Hey, Cas," he gets out, offering a wan smile.
"He wouldn't let me near him! I barely talked him into using that rag."
He wants a lot of things. The grass crunches underfoot as he walks.
box in the back of his head, throwing away the key for good measure.
"I'll clean all this shit up tomorrow," Sam told him, sitting down heavily into one of the chairs with a sigh. He sipped at his tea, and looked up at Castiel when he didn't respond. "How you feeling?"
"I'm… I'm sorry, about Claire," he whispers, "I'm sorry—"
They got busy again real fast. A batch of angry cadavers roaming university basements in Minnesota took a week to put down; a vampire in Laramie, Wyoming took another. They stayed in the Midwest as much as they could, close to Bobby's, which turned out to not be that difficult. Whatever brief respite from supernatural events they'd had was gone now, and looking at the wad of folded up newspaper clippings Sam carried around in his wallet, it didn't look like they'd get another anytime soon.
Dean grins. "See, I'm not just a pretty face."
"Dean."
"You're so beautiful," Cas murmurs, and Dean swallows hard, clenching his jaw, trying not to melt into a pile of goo on the floor as he leans into his hand.
She stared back at him, eyes searching his face. "What are you saying?"
"You're gonna screw up hunting," he told her, making her look up. "Make bad calls that get people killed. People who definitely don't deserve to die. Probably get your friends killed at some point, too."
"I didn't even realise you were gone for like an hour," Charlie says. "I went to some shitty bar for a drink. I called Cas, and then I called Stevie to bitch to her about everything that was going on, and then by the time I got back and saw the car wasn't there, you were probably already in the sewers."
Dean glances at the notebook again, and recognises Cas' handwriting. It's short and blunt, uniform in a way that makes it look like it was typed out on the pages.
"I can't at the moment," he ground out. "But I will—"
"Is that something you would enjoy as well? Or would you do it only out of obligation for me?"
Dean let out an exasperated noise. "Because they're—I don't need protection, I don't need you defending me."
And, like the arrogant asshole Cas is, Dean can feel him growing hard against his stomach, because he's just got that much stamina despite the fact that he's physically in his early forties and cosmically in his billions. But he's got it that bad for
Dean frowned, wracking his brain, before a grin spread across his face. "Oh, yeah."
His hand untangled itself from Cas' hair, sliding down his chest before landing on the buckle of his belt. It was a challenge to unhook with one hand, but his other one was busy, pulling at the collar of Cas' shirt to expose more of his throat. The column of his neck was rough, faintly stubbled, and it burned pleasantly against Dean's mouth.
Dean studied the postcard again, ducking his head with renewed interest. His fingers traced the crumbling archways, and his face was so close to Castiel's that if he turned his head, his nose would brush Dean's ear.
"Wait." Dean frowned. "Did you… touch it in the scrapyard?"
Right. Had to shoot straight with Cas. He didn't seem to have all his faculties in order at the moment, anyway. "I meant," Dean murmured, flexing his fingers again, "you want me to keep going?"
"Does it look like I can do anything with any degree of precision right now?" he snapped, gesturing to the books on the floor.
"You're in love with me?"
Dean thinks about it this way: no one is going to know he ever attempted this in the first place, and he can only benefit from asking questions on the internet. Best case scenario, he gets some solid advice. Worst case, he wastes an hour looking shit up before scrubbing his browser history, and then he's only back to where he started. It's not like any of this is actionable, anyway. He just wants to be prepared for—for whatever.
"Alright, weirdos." She gives Dean a parting glance before ducking back inside and shutting the door, and they both watch her disappear into the apartment.
"You only restock on beer once a month?"
Dean holds his breath without realising, waiting for him to speak again.
Sam winced. "Few years ago. Long, bad story. He's in for a pretty rough couple of days after we get vamp blood into him." His eyes flicked to Castiel again. "You're sure there's no way you can fix him?"
The building shook again. The wash basin was gone; Theo was not in the room. Without the window light, it was impossible to tell what time it was. Castiel looked up, and watched the pipe above him shudder from another quake. He couldn't hear what was causing it aside from a low, muffled strike somewhere far above him. It could be thunder, it could be an avalanche. It could be a detonation.
"Sorry to hear that," Sam replied just as softly, mouth twisting in sympathy. "Is there anything we can do?"
"Dean," Cas says again, somber, and the words rumble into his skin. "I was respecting your boundaries—"
as always, huge thank you to
This is exactly what he's been saying all this time. The minute he puts any of the shit bouncing around his head into words, they have a fight. Cas leaves his room, leaves the bunker, leaves Kansas, and Dean can't do shit because he's sulking in his room like a twelve year-old because that's all he's good for now, apparently. Mom and Sam and now Cas—what's the fucking common denominator here? Of course Cas would choose a ten hour drive to stare at bloody fingerpaint drawings on a wall over a night in bed with Dean. Dean would choose the same thing.
When Dean pulled back, he wiped at his face. "I coulda done this years ago," he whispered, and the regret and self-hatred in his voice disturbed the lovely flush on his cheeks.
"I think you're fairly good at it," Castiel said with a smile. Dean rolled his eyes, but a lovely flush crept up his cheeks.
"What?"
Mary shares a room with Dean and Cas, so he's got a perfectly reasonable excuse to keep his hands to himself that night. And Cas is the very picture of propriety, leaving the same amount of space between them as they did before they got together. He's shared a lot of motel beds with Cas over the years, come to think of it.
Sam looked over his shoulder at him, surprised at the sound of his voice this early in the morning. He shifted through a number of different expressions as he looked Dean up and down, before finally landing on bewildered concern.
"Not really. Can we take a look at the body?"
He kissed him again, just as frantic as before, and Dean walked them forward until Cas felt the back of his knees brush the edge of the mattress. Dean continued to advance, pressing a hand to his chest to push him down onto the bed, and Cas sat back until—
Castiel finally dared to look at Dean. His jaw was set, teeth bared and clenched. Castiel could tell he was panicking; a vein at his temple stood out, and he was clearly having difficulty breathing.
"We'll get breakfast in the morning," Dean assured him, burrowing deeper into the meagre sanctuary of his coat. The cold from outside seeped in through the windows, taking a jab at any inch of exposed skin.
"God, I'm hungry," Sam muttered. They both had a bench to themselves in the car, getting as horizontal as possible.
He stumbled as his foot caught in a divot, slowing him further, and he looked down to see his right shoe ensnared in a pothole. There was water collecting at the bottom of it, and it seeped quickly through the sole of his shoe, making his sock damp. He remembered how unpleasant the sensation had been while he was human, and he didn't much care for it now.
It's impossible to get a read on Cas. He thought he'd worked out all of his expressions by now, but apparently not. He tries to remember the last time Cas looked at him like that. Then he tries to remember the last time Cas had been this angry, because whatever the hell is going on inside his head, Dean knows it's nothing good.
"The sentiment extends to what topics you deem worthy of conversation," Cas tells him, ignoring his flippant tone. "What led you to such a thought?"
Cas is a lot less cautious now about pushing him, either because he's too out of his head with arousal or because Dean's actually done his job for once in his life and got his intentions across, because Cas doesn't ask him for any kind of reassurance this time. He rolls his hips again, and then again, and then doesn't stop. It's all Dean can do to hang on, soaring higher and higher with every stroke.
"Yes. I'm having difficulty flying at the moment."
"Yes."
"Because you threw up. And were sweating. A lot." He feels her hand suddenly on his forehead, but she's too quick for him to jerk away. "Doesn't feel like you have a fever, at least."
"I said you're—who're you talking to?"
"Couldn't find anything. All the mausoleums were undisturbed. We looked for secret entrances and holes and stuff, too," she adds, anticipating his next question. "And we checked the other rows on the south side just to be certain. Nothing there, either."
"Raphael couldn't accept that the Apocalypse had not come to pass," Castiel told him, letting his eyes slip closed. His jaw clenched as he tried to concentrate on speaking clearly. "Many of us thought differently."
The lump on the ground let out a muffled groan. "Hi," he rasped, weak and quiet. Taking that as permission to approach, Castiel knelt beside him and pressed a hand to his shoulder.
"I'll be fine," Castiel assured him. The answering smile Sam gave him was distant, and the rest of the drive was quiet.
"Well, start moving, then." Dean runs a hand over his shoulder, trailing down the arch of his spine, his finger catching the sweat dewing on his skin.
"That's it?" Dean ground his teeth together, barking out a harsh laugh. "Well that's just great, Cas, that's awesome. You're welcome, Jesus—"
"Then who? Who is asking you to conceal this information?"
Then, Dean cleared his throat. "Let me get this straight," he said evenly, the tone of his voice carefully controlled. "You're avoiding me because I'm—what? A distraction? To your battle upstairs?"
Her eyes narrowed. "The roads worker, Jonah, did all this?"
She laughs. "I'll keep that in mind."
"Are you alright?" he asked her, and only belatedly realising how blunt and abrupt the change in topic was.
"This already sounds pretty stupid, dude."
carrying out—God's righteous will.
He heaves a sigh and shades his eyes with his free hand. "Where's the husband's grave again?"
"I've figured it out," Jonah told him two days later. Castiel was back to being suspended from the ceiling by his wrists. His joints had not healed properly, and they wailed inside him at the repeated duress.
"Dean, you should sleep." His eyes drifted to the analogue clock in the corner of the room. It was past midnight.
It was a wonder that the building hadn't collapsed on top of them yet. The fighting was closer now, still muffled, but the force of the clash was enough to disrupt some of the warding sigils on the walls of the cell. Sound began to trickle through the cracks; the desperate cries of angels locked in deadly combat; the singing of steel; the impact of celestial bodies against concrete and iron.
"You're out here all by yourself?"
"Yeah, but—" Dean pulls his head up to look at Cas. "What do you mean, not feeling human?"
Castiel grabbed his arm, to steady himself and to find Jonah's blade. It materialised quickly in his palm, and the steel was cool as he wrapped his fingers around it.
More shifting, clattering.
"Cas is moving the bed again," is all Claire reports, bent low as she roots around the mostly-empty fridge before coming back up with two juice boxes and a water bottle.
"Fuck." He leaned both arms on the truck bed, pressing his head against them, trying desperately to calm down—to not look like he'd just fucked Cas in the yard. It would take Sam and Bobby exactly two seconds to figure out what he'd been doing, and he was not about to have that conversation with them, now or ever.
Dean looks away. "Right."
Cas fucks with the curtains while Dean shrugs out of his coat and kicks off his boots. He's covered in the kind of itchy sweat you get under too many layers of clothes, and the chill in the room immediately creeps in as he strips down. Through the thin walls, he can just make out Sam and Eileen talking, though it's impossible to know what they're saying. He ignores the weird twinge in his chest it gives him.
"Lisa and Ben," Cas said hurriedly, and Dean flinched at their names. "You avoid them because you dislike saying goodbye. Because they make it difficult for you to think about your work, your duties elsewhere. You worry that your very presence in their life puts them in danger."
Dean reached for him now. His fingers nudged at the curling hairs at the back of Castiel's neck, and he ducked down to kiss him. His breath was sharp with the taste of mint.
"I felt the edges of it," Castiel replied, and goosebumps flared across his skin at the mere memory. "But not completely. We were… interrupted, as you recall."
Castiel didn't know, but he nodded anyway, guiding Dean slowly towards his room. He could hear Sam and Charlie speaking quietly in the library to one another, whispering like they were telling secrets. It made him smile.
But Dean did not pull away this time.
Pain rocketed along the broken column of his wing when Dean nudged it with a hand. Castiel couldn't stop the strangled cry that escaped him, and Dean immediately pulled his hand away.
The sun was just starting to show itself when he pulled into Bobby's place. Sam had woken up about an hour ago, still in the back seat, asking questions Dean didn't have answers to. He didn't know what had happened; he didn't know if Cas was alright. He didn't even know if he was alive, though he kept that to himself.
Dean cast his eyes around the yard, at the busted and broken vehicles lined up haphazardly across the gravel and concrete. The air smelled metallic and dusty, making the back of his throat itch. It was a home, of sorts, but he could think of a lot nicer places.
She may as well have slapped him across the face. He can't help the flinch that rocks through him, and there's a sudden, inconvenient pressure behind his eyes.
"I have to go."
"Well, maybe she wants to live here," Sam says, shooing Dean far enough away from the mouth of the dryer to grab a towel from it.
Castiel wracked his mind, trying to recall his conversations with Jonah; trying to think what part of them could possibly be of value to Bartholomew. He had given away nothing of Metatron's location, because he didn't know it; Jonah had never once asked him about which angels he commanded, where they were located, or the structure of his army—anything that would be of value in conducting warfare against Castiel's legion.
Sam scratched at the back of his head, voice low. "What now?"
"Not fair," he says over his shoulder as she walks past them. "My hands are full."
"You have to get up," Dean told him softly, dipping his head again, resting his forehead against Castiel's. He held him gently, like he was fragile, like Dean was the one who was made of marble and gold.
Dean left as if in a hurry. Smiling to himself, Castiel spread his flannel out on the bed so it wouldn't wrinkle, and then he wandered over to Dean's desk, where he'd set the postcards. Shuffling through them, he found Elgin Cathedral again, and pulled it from the deck.
"I thought Raphael was wrong," he told him, knowing Jonah would not understand. So many of their siblings didn't. "When I informed the other angels of this, they thought the same."
"Fuck—fuck you," he mumbles, and it's hard to tell if he even got the words out. He can barely keep his eyes open.
"And if you hadn't been?"
"Is this your best attempt at stalling?"
"Are you asking me to write you one?"
he doesn't say, but it's a promise all the same.
what that feels like: the itch to scale the open road, roll into towns he's never heard of before, talk to people he'll never see again. The ghost in his bones that cries out for novelty is pretty quiet these days, partially on account of all his worn joints. Dean even climbs up onto the roof one evening just to confirm that's the case. And while it's nice to see the night sky, he's not hankering to leave like he has in the past when there's been a lull in work. No, the squeaky clean bunker isn't the problem.
He knew this was coming, anyway, didn't he? This isn't a surprise to anybody, least of all him. He just never realised this would be the final straw, the last thing Cas was willing to put up with. He always thought he'd have more time, a few more fuck-ups under his belt, because that's always how it's been before. Cas deals with the fact that he's chained to a fundamentally broken human being, and he does so with a smile on his face because he's just that swell of a guy. Except now, Dean had the bright idea to ask him out, stop sleeping with him for reasons he still can't fathom, and then almost get himself killed on a basic bitch of a case. That Cas is even still here at all is a miracle. He should count himself lucky he hasn't packed up and moved out of state.
"But that is the way of things in Heaven," Jonah said fondly, eyes wistful as he turned his face upward. "I would give anything to be jeered at by a garrison again."
He looked up at that, startled at the easy agreement. "Is that all we are, then? Distractions?"
"Yeah alright, smartass," he mutters, face flushing, though not from embarrassment. It's his own fault he taught an angel sarcasm, and he can live with that. But his earlier theory is proven correct; Cas does smell really good. Maybe if Dean really behaves himself, Cas will let him lick his back later.
There's enough whisky in his system that by the time he opens a private browser tab on Sam's old hand-me-down laptop, he doesn't feel stupid. Or, well, not
"Can you live with that?"
His heart was beating so hard it made his vision shake. Dean leaned an elbow against the bed of the truck, which was still warm from where he'd had Cas pressed up against the steel, and gasped in cool, rusty air. He shivered as the wind blew on the back of his neck, leaving him cold and sweaty.
"Get comfortable," Cas tells him, and the sudden tenderness in his voice makes Dean's eyes sting as it hits him all over again. This is happening, for real, and it's happening right now.
The bed thumps when he drops his arm. "Yes, Jesus, I'm fine."
"I don't know!" he finally snaps. "I can't really control that, can I?"
Cas slips his hands into his pockets as he studies Dean. He's wearing those nice fitted tan trousers, the ones that make him look like a professor when he wears a quarter zip with it. It's too hot for sweaters right now, though, so instead he's got on a dark blue long-sleeve shirt pushed unevenly up to his elbows. God, Dean's missed him something awful, and now there's a chasm between them, yawning impossibly wide across every inch of floor space of Jody's living room.
Cas sets the travel bag down with more force than necessary. The bed shakes a little. "No," he says flatly, "you can't. Not with a broken arm, not with a concussion."
"Not necessarily." Jesus, he's tired. It feels like he has a sleep hangover. Is that normal with weed? "Any of Mariam's marrow missing?"
will tell me things. That is it. No tricks."
He closes his eyes, the fury burning his throat and nose and eyes and mouth. He wants to say it. It should be disturbing, how close he comes to letting the words out. But he just feels exhausted, burnt out beyond recognition. There's no fight left in him anymore.
Castiel let his head fall back against the stone wall, watching Jonah pace. "Yes."
"It seems like you're dancing around some stuff," she says, and there's enough condescension in her tone that he moves to stand up.
He should probably text Cas at some point. Strictly business, just to check in, see if he made it to Breckinridge okay. That's a normal thing to do. It makes his heart pound just thinking about it, though. What if he doesn't respond? Cas isn't above giving him the silent treatment when he's in the right mood. And Cas hasn't called or texted
Dimly, as if from very far away, he registered a presence in the room. Castiel lifted his head up, only curious now. There was nothing left to be afraid of.
Dean smiles at him, and the concern wins out. "So?"
To his surprise, Jonah humoured his request for the window to be opened. It was only for a few hours, and Castiel was not allowed to touch any of the bars bracketed in the frame, but he didn't mind. He sat leaned against the southern wall, towards the southwest corner where the window hung, and watched a slice of the world move overhead.
"Hm." Charlie takes a generous pull of beer, and sighs when she sets it down. "Well, did you?"
Cas kisses him. He doesn't quite stick the landing, his mouth pressing against the corner of Dean's lips instead, but he gets the picture.
"It's fine, I'm being a moron." That much is true, at least. "You're beat. We can start tomorrow."
"Do you still have seizures?" Castiel asked him, and Sam's brows raised in surprise.
His eyes slowly adjust to the lack of light, and Dean stares up at the yellowing popcorn moulding on the ceiling. There's a concerning amount of water stains blooming across its surface, along with the ashy-yellow swipes of old cigarette smoke climbing up the wallpaper. Classy digs, his kinda style.
Charlie's voice was close, and decidedly far less calm. Sam broke into a run at the sound, and Castiel followed closely behind him, dodging around corpses and batting away the filthy PVC strip curtains hanging between the doorways.
"What?" he says again, dumbly. What the fuck is going on?
"I'm saying—" He paused. "I'm saying you may not agree with every decision I make, but it is for the right reasons."
Dean tapped his cheek again. "Stay awake. Cas."
"Dean, I would never—"
"Is that the princess character from
"Grab his legs," he hears the cop say above the blood pounding in his ears, and then he knocks Dean's lights out.
It was difficult to comprehend the scope of the despair the angels were faced with. Castiel had difficulty contending with his own, let alone all of Heaven's. The hatred he felt for their Father was one he saw reflected in Jonah's eyes, though Castiel wasn't certain Jonah was aware of it.
Cas wheels the chair closer with a frown, but he offers his hand without comment. It slips easily into Dean's palm, and he's taken aback by how warm Cas' skin is, though he doesn't know why. It wasn't like he was particularly cold as an angel. But now he's—not hot, exactly, but warm. Alive. Present in his own body.
Dean rolls his eyes, hangs his head, and feels the laughter rumble out of Cas. "You're never gonna let that go, are you."
"Cas."
"Yes. They tortured me extensively. I—"
The elevator dings. Break over.
"You must be some kinda saint," Dean comments. His skin has stubble burn all over it, and it stings, but he's not about to stop Cas.
He hears his own laugh come out of the ghoul, and fights back a gag as its breath blows across his face.
Sam snuck Dean another look, worry plain on his face. Guess it was his turn to do something about this.
"Why?"
"I've been better," he says with a shrug. When he glances at Cas, his smile dies. "Um. You guys sticking around?"
"Now you sound like a Cosmo article."
"I enjoy doing laundry with you, Dean," he adds, really driving the point home. His smile is sweet enough that Dean is glad there aren't any windows in the place, or he'd be jumping out of one right about now. How the cashiers in town haven't all jumped Cas' bones is beyond him. If someone smiled at him like that, he'd be slapping a fruit sticker on his ass and bending over the conveyor belt in the slim hope that Cas would pick him up with the same care that he selected his tomatoes every week.
"Why can't we?"
"Garth is using his bard," Charlie told him. "Kevin just finished making his barbarian. And honestly, maybe this is weird to say, but one of the upsides of hunting is that it gives me a lot of really cool ideas for campaigns."
He raises his eyebrows. "No shit? Here? With you?"
Not true. Dean's had concussions before and he's gotten along just fine without anyone's help, thank you very much. He's not even on morphine anymore—officially downgraded to aspirin.
"I'm referring to the evening we spent in bed watching that horrible movie."
Cas sighs and looks at him, eyes piercing. "I don't trust you, Dean," he says. The words hit him straight in the gut, and Dean suddenly wishes he'd taken him up on that offer to sit down. "Not with—"
Stir-crazy isn't the right word for how he's feeling. He
Charlie was quiet while he pretended to look at what each cantrip did, and only after several minutes of strained silence did he register that as weird.
"Jesus," Dean muttered into his temple, huffing for breath. He had to redouble his grip on Castiel's back, his skin slick with blood and sweat. "How in the hell—"
"What do you mean?"
Dean's voice was hushed when he spoke. "You're not dying here. I'm not letting you."
"Impossible. You must know."
"Oh." Dean cleared his throat again. "I'm guessing that's bad."
Cas is smiling at him, the corners of his eyes crinkling, and he wants so badly to lean over and kiss him that it's a wonder the desire doesn't physically manifest itself in the cab of the Impala like some horny little cupid.
He hears her toss the Impala's keys on the table under the window. "Oh, you're awake. How are you feeling?"
"Not answering his phone," he muttered, glaring at his cellphone screen before shoving it away. "Idiot."
"No," he sighed. "It's fine."
"Hell yeah it is."
Cas is nowhere to be found in the bunker for most of the day, which is a relief in one sense because Dean doesn't have to try very hard to avoid him, and weird in another because he's usually around somewhere. Sam and Eileen are busy planning a trip to Kentucky after hearing about some cattle mutilations, and Charlie's gone, so the bunker is unnervingly quiet. Dean checks the garage, and Cas' truck is still there, so he's probably on the roof. Dean hasn't been up there in months. Cas has probably built a fucking city up there by this point.
There's a pause on the other end of the line. "
"Who is Ingrid Bergman?"
Sam made a dismissive
Dean doesn't blame his choice of movie for the nightmares he has that night. He wasn't paying nearly enough attention to warrant that kind of subconscious response.
"Ugh," Sam muttered, and drew in a proper breath. "Cas—you okay?" His eyes travelled up and down Castiel, alarm spreading on his features. "You look… tired."
Once Cas was stitched back up, Sam covered it with a bandage. "All good," he announced, wiping his hands on the rag Cas had been using. "Except your clothes, I guess."
"Don't," Dean says quickly, and Cas looks at him. "I'm not telling you this to snitch on her. She's fine, anyway. Won't cause problems."
He rolls his eyes and drinks his—coke, disgusting. "Yeah, whatever."
"I haven't figured that out yet, but she's very emphatic about it."
"Yeah, and I'm giving it to you. I still have that whole stack." He nudged his chin in the direction of the other postcards. "I mean it. I want you to have it."
Castiel closed the book in front of him, equal parts relieved at no longer having to squint at it and dismayed that so much effort had resulted in so little, and decided he would finally go look for Dean. Charlie only nodded and mumbled an exhausted
"So you're not doing anything," she interrupts him, and he glances at her. She keeps her eyes on the road. "You're gonna tell me where they are, and I'll take care of it."
"I thought she dropped out." Dean closes the laptop and shoves it away, useless fucking thing that it is.
Sam extended their study break into a full lunch, which—after a protracted back-and-forth with Charlie about food—ended up being pizza he went to pick up from a parlour in town. Castiel ate a slice of it, more out of habit than desire. This, too, was a ritual he missed; breaking bread with other people, eating together, sharing food and conversation and beer. Even if he gained little pleasure from the mechanical act of eating itself, he enjoyed the hour-long hiatus they took to talk about the shows Charlie was watching, or the herb garden Sam was trying—and failing—to start on the roof of the bunker.
Dean's mouth dries up as he stares at Cas' dick. He's furiously erect, balls heavy and tight to his body, perfect and beautiful. He could write poems about it. Maybe he should, if Cas is seriously this unconvinced Dean wants to be with him.
"You said sorry for that already."
"You're still wet from before," he says quietly, and Dean is thankful that he's already a pile of goo on the bed, because otherwise he'd combust.
The ghoul grins, a caricature of himself. "You're funny, Dean," it tells him, the cadence of its voice eerily familiar. "Makes up for how dumb you are."
"Dean." Cas looks like he's fighting a smile. "Believe me, that's not the problem."
"I am…." He thought for a moment. "I feel quieted."
"Christ, I look old," he mutters, staring up at it. The lighting's sure as shit not doing him any favours; the laugh lines around his mouth and eyes are especially prominent, slicing into his features like fault lines. He doesn't actually look like that, does he?
"No," he said impatiently. "Nobody has time for that. But she wanted to play a one-off game of Dungeons and Dragons and needed an extra person."
"Cas and I can stay for that, too, if you want." He uses the condensation on his bottle to wipe at a smudge by his wrist. "Not like we got anything else going on."
"For me, or for you?"
his neck.
"Mind your own business," Dean says, but the channel goes quiet after that.
"Sir?"
"Is this alright, sir?" he asked, keeping Castiel steady as he collected himself.
"What? No. Dean—" Sam breathes loudly out of his nose. "Hold the corners. The part that folds over the top of the mattress, not the—"
Cas smiled. "It's forgiven."
"I know, we'll go find you an angel and—"
He laughs, it's so ridiculous. "Me? You're the one who won't touch me—"
he can say reasonable things like nothing, fuck off, it's way too long of a story and you won't believe any of it, and also there is no 'deal', it's just me and Cas.
"Do angels—need to breathe?"
"How?"
"Why is Marie dating a married man?"
"He gave himself his own orders," Jonah concluded.
Dean hears the wistful note in his voice, even though he's pretty good at hiding it now. He clears his throat and tosses Cas a grin, striking a deliberately casual tone. "What, they didn't give you shop classes in angel school?"
"Can't wait to have a shower," Sam muffled around the granola bar.
"And?"
Cas' phone goes off behind them, vibrating like it's got places to be, and after a moment Cas puts an end to their erotic staring contest by sighing and standing up. Dean doesn't let go of his hand, and there's an instant where he thinks Cas is gonna come right back over and pick him bodily up from his chair, and Dean braces himself for it so he won't hurl, but instead Cas just tugs at his hand.
"Well," Dean clears his throat, turning away so he can slip under the covers. "You get used to it."
"Not with yourself," Cas says sharply, fixing him with a significant look, and Dean can breathe again. "Not when it comes to your own safety."
"That's it," he whispers, sighing when Cas sucks at his pulse. "I'll make it worth your while, sweetheart."
