Holmes flicked the comment aside with his fingers. "I am certain Lestrade would say he pays in a multitude of other ways."
The air in the room grew heavy and oppressive, bearing Holmes down as though he were a criminal being pressed beneath a stone weight. It pulled on his very veins and arteries, blood sluggishly struggling to reach his brain. Georgie, seemingly unaffected,  looked curiously about the room and Holmes tried to call for him, but all that escaped his lips was a wheezing rasp; the air had turned to damp cloth and he was choking on it. He tried to move next, but his body remained immobile, oppressed heaviness infusing his limbs.
"Thank you, now-" Holmes knelt and took a bit of charcoal from his pocket, smearing it on the man’s hands and jacket. Then he locked up the door again and stuck both the key and the packet of matches in Montressor’s pocket. He took a moment to muss the man's hair a bit before standing and brushing off his trousers. "There now. You return to Baker Street; same instructions as before. I'll join you when I'm finished here, though it may not be until nightfall next. If you must flee the dawn it would be best to find somewhere else to weather the light; Baker Street is not yet secure from the sun."
"Most of us do not, when we are mortal," Jackson said with a huff. "I do hope you understand that I tell you this in confidence, and I expect secrecy from you."
Perhaps it was foolish of him, but Holmes followed the doctor inside. He'd done a great number of foolish things in his life already; there was hardly a good reason to stop now.
The words barely had any air behind them, but they echoed through Holmes’ bones and he obeyed instantly, because he couldn’t
“A man who can twist metal bed frames and bash in skulls with his bare hands must be strong as an ox. Such a man might have little trouble in dragging a body to the top of a church roof.”
And Watson let them live, and then they came back, thus ensuring a steady supply of fresh blood. "Most engaging. And what am I thinking right now?" Holmes challenged, his eyes alive with the prospect.
Holmes bent over the letters once more, Watson's presence steadying his mind. That spoke abysmally of his concentration in the daylight hours, but things were as they were.
The room seemed to grow colder by degrees, a chill seeping in through the walls; Holmes could see the breath before his face. It seemed a matter of scientific importance that he note the fact he could not see Jackson's.
“You must understand,” Holmes began, “I have only ever taken one man into my confidence. I was not yet ready to do so again.”
Father Deighton's face went sallow with anger. "Mister Holmes-" he began, but Newman stepped forward, interrupting.
A heraldry mark that had been too burnt to read soon became apparent on top layer; two snakes entwined around a castle. It was not a mark Holmes was familiar with.
, if only Montressor had trusted him.  Then again, this all took place during the two weeks Holmes was busy ignoring Watson’s existence and doing occult research of his own. If Mycroft had discovered Watson
"Chalk," Holmes revealed at last. "There was none to be found at the scene, meaning the killer took it with him, because it was his own."
A perplexed look briefly tumulted over the doctor’s face. “But...what was the point, I wonder? Vampires rarely create other vampires without reason. Why turn the boy only to let him be chained up and starved? If Newman was his sire’s thrall, he certainly would have reported the boy's treatment. Yet it was allowed to continue.“
"You will find the garret room secure tonight,” Holmes said suddenly, apropos of nothing. “That is unless you'd rather back to your underground abode."
Watson looked down at the body for a moment. "Exsanguinated, obviously. Bled out from two holes in his jugular.”
Watson’s throat ducked, and Holmes thought it must have been a very long time since anyone dared speak to him in such a manner. But that was the point. “I am the only one I know of.”
He decided to let Holmes sleep until just before dawn; Watson's own senses could tell him morning was hailing even if he were under a hundred feet of stone. But it was Holmes, so naturally he woke on his own an hour or so before sunrise.
"And what evidence draws you to this conclusion?" Watson asked, full of questions. He wanted to know everything Holmes knew. He wanted to be a part of this thing, whatever it was. Wanted to be on equal footing with the detective; something more than just another hapless client. He was unused to knowing less than someone else, and it bothered him. And somewhere, deep down, he wanted to prove himself to Holmes.
"Set it there," he said absently, nodding to an empty space on his left. "I'll attend to it after I've finished."
"No ordinary man can survive in such a way," Watson said without thinking, and it was both a compliment and an admonishment.
"I do not see how he could, unless he is far more acquainted with vampires than myself. In any case, if he did, he would not have left me alone with you."
Mycroft’s voice cracked like a whip through the room, and even Watson was startled by its vehemence. He paused.
Holmes caught it easily and checked the chambers. True enough, two bullets were missing. Holmes looked him over with a practiced eye. “And silver is harmful? You seem no worse for the wear.”
Holmes stood, regarding Watson for a searching moment. "Vigilante justice is a dangerous game, doctor. I hope for the sake of more than just ourselves that Stamford was not wrong about you, and I am not wrong about him." Then he showed himself to the door.
he thought as he stared at the broken line of Holmes’ body where it sagged in the chair, bandaged head to foot and a chemical concoction the only thing keeping agony at bay. Watson tried to refute it but all such attempts were futile. He had come to Holmes first to judge him, and then to ask for help, and despite the fact Holmes owed him nothing and had no real
She thought hard, the somewhat rusty gears turning slowly in her mind. "Well..." she said after a moment, "He did ask me to stay with the missus a night or two, on account he don't like her bein' alone after dark."
He did not go directly to the vicar, instead he simply flagged down the first person in black he found and introduced himself.
A wry smile tugged at the corner of Watson's mouth. "To my understanding, vampires prefer to attack each other in number. But I fear I am not so great an adversary as they believe. Against a vampire older than myself I doubt I stand much of a chance at all."
Holmes whimpered but was in pleasure and ecstasy, Watson could sense that much as the feelings flowed between them like blood. They were well and truly joined this way, Watson’s teeth in Holmes’ throat the most intimate of kisses.
Watson stood and held out his hand in silent invitation, and Holmes found himself taking it without protest. Watson drew him forward to the bedroom and pressed him upon the mattress with a hand on his chest until he was laying supine against the pillows. He considered the ease with which Watson managed him, but the thrall prevented him from considering it too deeply. If Watson wished to take him to bed, Holmes had no complaints. How could he?
The doctor sighed and shook his head, but Holmes was only one patient of many he was obliged to visit on his rounds. "Will you be leaving now, then?"
“Doctor Jackson died in a house fire,” Holmes insisted, and Deighton’s face curved in sorrowful smile, his eyes sad.
"Yes, it's possible," Watson said, “Though I have never done so myself. It is a process called ‘thralling’, and requires a mortal to drink the blood of a vampire. If given enough, the blood dominates a human’s thoughts, and he becomes the vampire’s tool in all things.”
upon, the rest of it falls away - it is an unspeakable relief. How did you fare? It was certainly an odd sensation on this end."
For all of that, the door had barely closed before Holmes fit himself purposefully into Watson’s arms again, the two of them pulled inexorably together; planets stuck in each other’s orbit.
Deighton knelt beside him and ran his hand over Holmes brow, the blood-matted mess of his hair. The priest’s touch was gentle, almost reverent, a parody of a congregant’s benediction. "You are still so stubborn...why not admit to the guilt you feel?"
"The 'Other',“ Holmes said, “that’s you. Scotland Yard is me, and the investigation. This must have been written shortly after Langley's death; the Sire would know you were behind his demise."
The mind was a strange and folded space, and did not often follow the rules of logic that guided the material world. Thus after diving beneath the turbulent waves Watson was unsurprised to find himself not underwater, but in a library; a vast, cavernous place of alternating light and shadow. Here everything was still, quiet and peaceful and he felt far removed from the pounding chaos above.
Holmes nodded in agreement, and already his face had smoothed out, pain lines not so deep as they had been. "I understand. It is a relief all the same."
Lestrade was speaking again. "No identifying items in the clothing, no personal letters, and no one in the congregation had heard of him before his arriving at the clergy house. The man might have appeared out of thin air."
"Of course," Holmes said. "But-" he closed his eyes a moment, gathering his strength. "-how is it a single day has fomented such a change in you? I saw you just last night; you did not seem unwell, nor had any trouble mastering yourself. Why were you suddenly so ravenous?"
Despite the practice being a common one, thralls were rarely created without purpose,  the most common uses being either a ready supply of food, day time sentinels for guarding lairs, or easily replaceable cannon fodder in vampiric politics (which generally comprised a great deal of death, bloodshed, and making good on one’s threats). But whatever purpose a thrall was originally intended for, death was the inevitable outcome. Thralls that had outlived their usefulness were drained and cast aside and other, more suitable vessels found.
Holmes stood, moving towards him with a purposeful stride. “Watson, come here. I’ve much to acquaint you with.”
Holmes paused, glancing at Watson. "Do 'sires' often keep watch over their protege?" he asked, and Watson nodded immediately.
"A single piece will suffice," Holmes replied, though that did not really answer the question, so Watson took matters into his own hands and quickly unbuttoned the shirt, handing it over and something told him not to expect it back in one piece.
"You are quite brave to have taken up the position," Holmes said admiringly, and she blushed under the praise.
And so it went, that great catalog of information spooling out. Holmes was right; it had taken only the slightest pressure and, far from concealing his thoughts, Watson now possessed more knowledge about ash trees than he would ever need.
“No. I must alert your neighbors to the danger, then make haste to Montressor's shop before he finds a way to escape."
"Your pet lunatic wants to climb up to the roof like a monkey and gawk at the body,” Gregson snapped.
Newman bowed his head in acquiescence. "Of course, Brother." He then guided Holmes through the church yard towards the shed, frosted grass crunching like glass beneath their feet, and their misty breath hanging in the air as they walked. Newman showed Holmes to Blevins' corner, and the sad straw mattress that had been his bed. Holmes examined everything as if seeing it for the first time while Newman waiting just inside the door.
“Good,” he said encouragingly, “now...” he pushed forward, reaching out to touch one of the shelves before it could spin away.
It was not the first time Holmes wished he'd never met Watson, but it was possibly the most fervent. Bad choices. Bad choices were all he'd been handed since the man walked through his door. He should have followed his first instinct and had nothing to do with him ever again, though of course that would have been impossible once Langley's body appeared on the church roof. Why had Watson not simply disposed of the corpse? Oh right, he'd wanted to send a 'message'. Well, he had. One the entire damn city had heard and Holmes has been struggling to cover for him ever since.
"And you are a thorn in my side, little brother," Mycroft replied flatly. He turned slightly as a nurse came in with a wheelchair and stepped back, least they accidentally brush against each other. Mycroft disliked being touched, and hated hospitals even more than Holmes did. "You are late,” he said to her, magisterial tone to his voice and she blanched, reacting to the words as though Mycroft were her own superior as she hastily pushed the chair to Holmes’ bedside.
“Indeed, indeed,” Holmes agreed, and moved closer, as Watson was obviously in the aforementioned category of privileged individuals.
“That’s the spirit, Inspector,” Holmes said, clapping him on the back with more force than strictly necessary.
Watson had passed the day in an abandoned mill by the waterfront and woke in early evening just before dusk, as the last fading rays of twilight struggled to pierce the black London air and the smoke stacks were still churning out filth, coating everything in a fine layer of coal soot and sin. He brushed the dust from his jacket, stretched the stiffness from his limbs and headed towards Baker Street, Holmes’ name an ever-present echo in his mind.
It was just as well; Watson had already gleaned from Holmes' mind that it had been too long since the man last had proper rest. To that end he carefully pried Holmes out of the chair and half guided, mostly carried him to the bed. He laid him down, removed his shoes and made certain he was covered; being without blood made the body colder than usual. Then...then he stood watch.
"Yes of course you will," Watson said firmly. "I’m a doctor. And the pile of ash looks like a body; it's obvious enough it's an immolated corpse."
about what had passed at the clergy house, though it was obvious tongues had been wagging freely enough among the congregation. Only Father Deighton refused to acknowledge his new status as parish pariah, showing him even greater kindness than before- offering Holmes extra food, and furnishing him with a fine wool coat he'd paid for himself.
Watson looked affronted, openly hurt and Holmes wanted to hit him. "I didn't know the vicar had a vampire son," he said, sounding aggrieved. "We had no reason to suspect another vampire had their hands in all this."
,” he said, and given how fastidiously and resolutely he had rebuffed all Holmes’ advances to this point – save that first night when their passions had run away with them both – it must have been only his imagination that found anything suggestive in the doctor’s tone.
They were seated once again in the foyer, on the faded red settee his brother had grudgingly furnished, having concluded that Watson would not stop visiting Holmes in the foyer, and that Holmes would not stop encouraging him to do so.  In this he was of course correct, and though he hadn’t liked it Mycroft was sensible enough to pick his battles, and they currently had a much larger one to concern themselves with.
“Calm down, all of you calm down,” he said, and pointed to the eldest boy. “You there, tell me what has happened. The rest of you be quiet.”
“If there were questions Stamford did not wish you to ask, things he did not wish you to know...he had ways of making certain you did not ask them, and did not know them.”
The priest shrugged. "It is no secret; he tended to Father Deighton’s birds. I can show you, if you like. Would you walk with me?" he asked, gesturing in the direction of the clergy house and Holmes nodded amicably.
"I'm sorry," Watson blurted out, "I'm so sorry, Holmes. I didn't know- I had no idea it would be so- from the few vampires I spoke with, they never mentioned anything like this. They treated thralls as tools, or pets..."
"His name?" she parroted dumbly, a frown settling at the edge of her mouth. "Of course, it was-" she hesitated, blinking rapidly as her mind groped about like a hand fumbling in the dark.
"A good deal, though nothing that accounts for what Watson and I have experienced. My own condition is well documented, but I can find no explanation for the reciprocation of feeling. The only reasonable conclusions that can be drawn is that the thrall was done incorrectly, or he is lying."
"Quite certain; he had attention only for me every time I observed him, and upon him noticing my notice he would turn away and pretended to engage himself elsewhere."
"Couldn't find out much about him; he didn’t have many personal belongings. Seems he took the Good Book’s idea of austerity quite seriously. "
"No, I would not be able to see you here. However, it may be for the best. Certainly, I can stay here by day, and be protected from any thrall that enters the city. By night, I-" he hesitated.
“Have you learned anything?” he asked, trying to school his mind away from the depthless amber of Holmes’ eyes, the rasp of stubble across his cheeks. The tantalizing pulse of blood that pumped beneath the pale skin of his neck...
"No sign of him yet," Lestrade replied, which was wholly unsurprising given no such man existed. "No one even knew the vicar had a son, and we've no idea where he might have disappeared to."
Holmes shot him a fond look. “You forget that until very recently, Moriarty had no idea who you were, nor how powerful you might be. Even now there is no reason to assume he knows your true age. Given the relative ease with which you have held London, he likely assumes you to be far older than you are.   In any case, he has not lived so long by being rash, nor relying on his strength alone to save him. He is a predator, but not the kind that wastes its energy in the hunt. He is rather the spider sitting in the center of an intricate web, and he means to ensnare all of London within it.”
“I see no way around it, if everything is as you say,” Holmes rejoined nonchalantly, unaware of the danger at his back, the terrible peril he was about to place himself in. “You cannot protect me in the daylight, and wheelchair bound I am as good as caught.”
“I shall deal with it,” Mycroft repeated obstinately. “Do not think my trust extends so far as to allow him so free a rein. Besides, I have another task for you. Meet me in the library.”
Even the circumstances being what they were, he laughed. "It is not modesty, merely the truth. This fearsome countenance is but an act."
Holmes had a part to play here and it was not the role of a smart man so he simply shrugged and nodded, ignoring the bird. "A'right then."
"Good afternoon,” he greeted him, “I'm here to speak to my brother, Mycroft. The lad is with me; he knows the rules. Do be a good fellow and show us to the Stranger's Room."
"And what kind of monster would I be if I demanded payment for saving a life?" Holmes asked, the words thrown over his shoulder like a handful of salt. "Adieu, Doctor."
"Unless you are drawing attention to yourself by leaving corpses lying about in conspicuous places, that is," Holmes remarked dryly. Watson did not flush, but only because it was likely that he
The sound of the gunshot was deafening in the small room, like standing next to a lightning strike. The bullet ripped through flesh, lodging into the thick muscle of his upper thigh and the searing, blinding pain of it momentarily wiped his brain clean of thought.
"The blood of the innocent, surely," Newman conceded. "But the blood of a sinner? Spilled in confession to save a man's soul? That is righteous, and the diocese are fools."
Seeing that Holmes would not be dissuaded and all other avenues barred Watson sighed, stood and took the few steps to Holmes’ chair, placing his hand atop the detective’s head...
“Kramer was murdered by James Montressor,” he said shortly. “We are all in agreement in this; there is no need to pursue it as a line of questioning.”
He stood as Holmes drew near and was pleased to discover the man no longer smelled of pigeons. "You've washed," he noted, and found himself smiling for no good reason.
nearly dead, slumped there against the wall. "Front door open, trail of blood to a hidden room, where someone was kept prisoner for...several months...yes. It should suffice."
“That you persist in such deceit even now reveals how blighted your soul has become. It is providence that has guided your sinner’s feet here.”
“Sorry sir,” she said, and began helping Holmes into the chair. It was not easy but he managed it, face pale with the effort and sweat on his brow.
Holmes was coughing into his sleeve. “Meet me at Montressor's," he wheezed, chest contracting for want of air, "provided there is no suspicious activity around the place. If there is, go to Baker Street. Avoid Nanny if you can; I assume you can let yourself in with the same ease as before. If the constabulary should make an appearance, hide."
Holmes blinked several times, found his voice and said, “Agreed.” Then he fit himself against Watson’s back, warm arms locked around his neck. "I wish you would order me to tell you not to go," he mumbled into Watson’s shoulder.
Holmes' lips slid open and he leaned unconsciously forward, his skin feverish beneath Watson’s cold hand, Watson’s blood in his body making him literally burn with desire; with
Holmes acknowledged the truth of this, London was teeming with petty evils. But he surmised Watson had not gone hunting for criminals in many years, preferring to drink only from his patients; people who came to him willingly in search of blood letting services, and left his office alive once they had both gotten what they wanted. He had existed in this manner for a long time, taking what he needed to survive, but no more.
Watson frowned. "What if it won't fade?" he asked, looking down at Holmes in renewed worry. "What if... after two weeks, he still bends to my will?"
Watson to stop himself, even as he watched Watson struggle against his own dark impulses. Was there another such man in the world? Probably, but Watson had never met them.
Watson's face grew pensive as he gave the question due consideration, the firelight flickering orange on his pale skin. Finally he shook his head and said with an apologetic shrug, "I honestly can't say; aspects of it defy any science I know. I've studied for a hundred years, trying to learn more but there is little in the way of true research. Much of what I know I have learned from studying myself.”
Holmes sighed and snatched them up.  It was a coroner's report, stamped with the official seal of Scotland Yard and dated only a few hours previous. According to official record, the corpse had been discovered floating face down in the shallow, fetid water at the river’s edge, lifeless body drained of blood and two tell-tale holes in his neck. There were no defensive wounds, and no other sign of struggle. Beyond those two small puncture marks at the jugular vein, the corpse had no other injuries, and a lack of water in the lungs made it clear that it had been dumped into the river post-mortem. The decomposition of the body pointed to it having been dead about two days.
Watson cradled Holmes carefully as a newborn babe as the detective began to relax, his arms surprisingly gentle in contrast to the grip his teeth had on the man's neck. He moaned as the hunger started to fade and with it came clarity, the awareness to know that Holmes was beginning to swoon. His human half wrestled control away from the beast and he pulled away at last, licking Holmes' wounds to close them, cleaning the last traces of blood from his neck. He stayed there, kneeling over Holmes with one knee pressed into the chair, holding him as the haze began to fade.
Watson had only just risen, still shaking the stiffness of torpor from his limbs as he came downstairs with Holmes’ name on his lips, a perfidious sort of happiness trying to wedge itself inside him at the thought of having someone to wake up to. He crushed the feeling down and thrust it aside. This wasn’t a permanent arrangement, after all. Holmes had been quite clear on that point.
"When I believe your opinion to be crucial to the investigation, I shall ask you for it," Holmes bit out, motioning him over with an impatiently flapping hand. The boy looked ridiculous in his constable's uniform, jacket and trousers both too long, helmet swallowing his head like a black-jawed beast.
Watson pressed his lips together.  "I admit this may be somewhat beyond what I am used to,” he acknowledged a bit unsteadily, “but my concern now is your protection. You are as endangered as myself; if I need to slip out of view, so do you."
Watson stood quietly with his hand on Holmes shoulder, listening as Holmes laid all the secrets bare, telling him of Mycroft, of the Diogenes and Stamford and once the initial shock wore off, he had to admit that a great many things were starting to make sense. Cast in this new light, his memories of Stamford were suddenly illuminated; any number of small, inconsequential moments given new context and understanding.
The realization of the enormity of his error sat full upon Watson’s shoulders and he felt like Atlas, struggling beneath its weight.  Good god, what had he done? His own perilous situation aside, Holmes was now neck deep in this business and currently unable to defend himself should danger come calling. And danger, it seemed, was forever calling on Sherlock Holmes.
Holmes eschewed the tedium of exchanging pleasantries and got straight to the point. “You have questions. I shall attempt to answer them as best I am able."
But he could at least make him aware of the danger. "He has likely been planning this for some time. If so, we shall have a full-on war upon us."
She wrinkled her nose in distaste as she inspected him, head to toe. "You'd best not smell like a sewer by the time I come up. Go take a bath."
"There may be many days I'd disagree with you, Doctor," Holmes said, fitting his hat on again as he stood, "but fortunately this is not one of them. Now, on to the business at hand. I mean to visit Saint Cyprian's in the morning."
"Watson!" Holmes cried with a manic sort of joy the doctor suspected had a chemical origin. "Excellent. What are you wearing?"
Watson caught him with easy strength and guided him back down into the chair, a spear of panic jolting through him. He hadn't taken too much, had he? No - no of course not. He had perhaps drank slightly more than was his habit, but certainly nothing that couldn't be recovered from with proper hydration and a decent night's rest.
"Bank ledgers," he muttered, shaking his head. None of this had anything to do with money. Certainly not Kramer's.
“He does not kill when he feeds,” he said, and Mycroft greeted that with all the incredulity Holmes expected him to.  “Consider, brother. There is a reason no clans have gained a foothold in London, and it is due to more than your own efforts.”
"The blood that should have been feasted on is currently covering the walls of the alley where the body was found,” Holmes agreed. “He wasn't killed for his blood. Besides, these neck wounds are not consistent with fang marks. The edges are far too ragged, the holes themselves too large and far apart, and there are no incisor marks as there were on Langley. Unless this ‘vampire’ is twice as large as a man and missing most of his teeth, he wasn’t killed by one of you...but we are meant to think he was.”
He had been devilishly difficult to get a read on that first night they met, despite the fact the detective’s mind had been more open than most. It had not been at all hard for Watson to sense him – point in fact he’d had a hard time sensing anything else – but there had been so damn
Yet he was prepared to fall asleep in the detective’s house anyway, and hoped Holmes understood what it meant; the trust Watson was willing to extend. Perhaps it would mean something to the detective. Perhaps not.
"We've called in the firemen; they've got ladders long enough to reach the first level of the roof. The larger problem is getting the body down without anyone falling in the process. Damn rain, the tiles are probably slick up there." There had been a brief but heavy storm during the night, the street still pocketed with dirtied puddles of water.
“That will be all for now. We’ve a day maid that comes in the morning to cook and clean the clergy house, and I myself tend the gardens. You may weather here as long as you like, provided you work hard. The church will provide you with food and a small allowance that you might begin to improve your circumstances."
"Be careful," Watson warned again, Holmes' words seeming to fill him once more with alarm. "If things are as dangerous as you think, perhaps we should abandon this whole thing."
“Why did you kill Nelson Langley, and leave his body atop the church roof?” Holmes glanced at him, wondering what his brother was after. Holmes had already told him this story.
As for using the church rather than the police, it was a stroke of brilliance that speaks of someone with considerable powers of ratiocination. Who else besides a reverend is privy to so many secrets and confessions from so many disparate corners of life? Police are only called upon where there is a disturbance; when the status quo has been upset.  But you were a hidden Prince, one who moved unseen through the city. You would be as invisible to the Yard as you were to everyone else. A priest, however, is a confessor who carries many a dark secret beneath his mantle. Nor is it likely that Deighton was his only such spy.”
"Then you needn’t trouble yourself, I will say it plainly: I am very, very far gone, brother. And I have no desire to be recalled."
"I'm thirteen," she said, lifting her chin defiantly. "And he don't never leave home close to dark no more. Not for weeks an' weeks now, ever since-" she clapped a hand over her mouth, clearly in danger of betraying some secret.
Jackson smiled coldly, regarding him from head to toe. "You're far more afraid of that possibility than you let on," he challenged.
"As you say, the cases are related," Watson noted as they reached the parlor. "I can make tea if you like. On the subject at hand: have you any more of a clue who killed Mr. Kramer? Was it Father Newman himself, or a member of the congregation, like Langley?"
Holmes sighed, "Mister Montressor, nothing you have told me makes me believe the doctor is anything more than human. Do you have a reason to believe otherwise?"
"Just a few more minutes dear boy...nearly finished." It was said idly and without thought, likely because Holmes really was that tired, that engrossed in his experiment.
Holmes considered all that. He certainly did not feel as though he were fighting back. Indeed, he did not want to, nor did it seem at all necessary. Then again his thrall had been a voluntary thing, and Watson had not yet ordered him to do anything that he would normally object to.
Watson kept talking, voice steady and professional. The monster had been stowed carefully away, and tonight he was only John Watson, healer of the sick. "Your brother is very... perceptive. As much as you, it seems."
Mycroft, snorted, watching the scene with open displeasure. "Sickening," he grunted, turning to Holmes. "You two will stay here. I will send Carruthers to Baker Street to fetch your things. Sturgerson will watch you; I have had more than enough to turn my stomach this evening." He left and the other men went with him, the door closing with a hollow bang behind them. Only Sturgerson remained.
His tone was as reasonable as any good-hearted man. “Then share with me what you do know. What was the ritual he was attempting to preform when he died?”
“Really? You should have come to me; I could have saved you the trouble. It was Mister James Montressor who killed him, if you still wish to know. I don’t know if he has yet confessed in front of a judge, but he likely will at some point.”
"Indeed, it is that point on which I have come to inquire. Do you know where he is? His shop is closed and locked."
For a long time Mycroft was silent, staring down at the cache of papers with a dark look on his face. Presently, he poured himself a dram of whiskey and then, looking at the papers again, made it a double.
Watson bent down and put his fingers against Montressor's temple. After a moment the man's face turned to a grimace of fear and pain and he whimpered pitifully, twisting on the ground.
"I've sent communications out but haven't heard anything back yet aside from the cursory "thank you for your work in this case" nonsense that means nothing at all."
After a few moments Holmes began to stir in his arms, eyelids fluttering like moths and he blinked awake, his eyes still clouded by the lingering effects of Watson’s thoughts in his head.
Holmes brushed past him into the foyer and turned, a gracefully fluid movement that brushed their shoulders together. "You need to hire me," he said without preamble.
"I do. The drink is a strong tool of Satan, and it will call to you again. But through the blood of Christ you may be saved. 'But if we walk with God in the Light, blood can cleanse us of all sin,'" the priest quoted.
“No,” he said, because when Mycroft Holmes lied, it was for better reasons than simple posturing. “Not since long before my time. But all vampires are susceptible to fire, sunlight and silver, and to the blood alchemy that powers our wards. We know how to use all of these things to our best advantage.”
“How, Watson. How could I willingly fugue, when you had already stated your objection to the idea?” He paused, trained those dark eyes squarely upon Watson’s own and asked calmly, “Am I not still under thrall?”
“Thank you,” Holmes said. “You have been most helpful. Oh- and tell my brother I am perfectly fine, and do not require surveillance."
"I think that would be an extremely unwise idea," Holmes said, accepting the cup. "And I am certain I have strength enough to find my way to a carriage."
"It may be related, but my chief interest concerns the disappearance of a man by the name of Blevins. I understand he recently acquired work here at the church. The good father was just taking me to examine his rooms."
"Sherlock," he said, that deep baritone voice like an iron gauntlet thrown to the ground between them.
“You knew that already,” Holmes replied cheerfully, but sobered at the look on his brother shot him, sitting up with his hand pressed beneath his chin. “What is it?” he asked, then, “You have learned something. Tell me.”
"The roof of Saint Cyprian's Church, right here in Marylebone," Lestrade said. "No one's got a damn idea how it got up there. It's a gentleman, that's about all we can tell."
“Because I had uncovered but a few of their many secrets, and they were quite anxious that I keep the knowledge to myself.”
"You have told me what you believe, and I do not doubt it is the truth as you see it. But you must allow me to collect the facts, and form my own opinion from them."
“The Diogenes doesn’t take the word of a vampire or it’s thrall,” the man shot back, violence gleaming hard in his eyes.
“This is going to look like arson,” Watson muttered unhappily, thankfully doing exactly as had been instructed.
"Wonder and horror in equal measure," Holmes agreed philosophically. "We are nothing if not consistent in our plurality."
"Why move it, then?" Watson mused aloud, and Holmes glanced at him finally, his eyes like dark pools Watson couldn't see the bottom of.
"But her appointment had ended, and she had left," Holmes finished, picking up a letter opener the shape of a small sword and examining it idly. Montressor nodded miserably.
Holmes could hear Mrs. Hudson shuffling about downstairs preparing breakfast. Watson's voice echoed in his ears,
“Until two weeks ago I did not, but you must admit rather a lot has happened since then.” Two weeks ago he did not believe in vampires, either. “And while it is clear whatever form of witchcraft this fellow practiced failed to save his life, I can no longer discount its existence entirely.”
Holmes cut him off with an impatient wave. "We've no time for your nostalgic waxing, Doctor. If you wish to stay in London you must do as I say, the sooner the better. We are nearly out of time."
"At least you now know a doctor," Watson said blithely and Holmes wanted to hit him, the feelings of loss and guilt that surfaced at the near-mention of Stamford seething just under his skin.
He screamed and collapsed - which in his experience was how most men reacted to being shot - landing half atop the injured man, who let out another low, tormented moan. Or maybe that was Holmes himself.
Holmes was, at least, living up to Stamford's description of him as "the queerest pile of contradictions God ever breathed life into." Both irascible and conscientious, brilliant and unhinged, the breeding of a gentleman and the manners of a bohemian...moral, but eschewing all trappings of conventional propriety. The man who had both loved Stamford and left him to die.
Watson found Holmes to be a terrible enigma. Focused on his own definition of justice, willing to break any rule to follow that morality. If the law stood in the way of that, then the law be damned. And now that the two of them were connected -- firstly through Stamford, then the case, and finally blood -- Watson found himself being pulled along in Holmes' wake, following the detective and that damnable certainty of his that felt like solid ground beneath Watson's feet.
"Yes, precisely..." he sighed deeply. "We have no time, it shall have to be tonight. Before midnight, yes?" He glanced at his pocket watch. "We should go now. I don’t like the idea of putting it off."
Watson was still trying to process it all, uncertain he had heard correctly. “I am sure I could, but why would you do this for me? I am a monster and a murderer; you have no reason to keep me safe. You could easily order me to flee the city after we fake my death."
“Stamford spoke to me of your fugues, in my capacity as a doctor of course. I couldn’t tell him much, as I had not witnessed such an episode myself. What happens?”
Among his more familiar acquaintances it began to be rumored the poor soul had climbed up the church roof himself in a fit of madness, and met his end by his own unfortunate hand.
Well, at least someone seemed to know what was happening. Unfortunately, Holmes couldn’t respond, so was obliged to listen to Mycroft yell at him and wait for him to come to the point.
“We are all God’s children,” the pastor replied with a serene smile. “Now, supper is served before dark, as I am used to retiring early for the evening and the maid does not stay overnight. You may come to the kitchen door of the cottage and receive food at the toll of the diner bell, and set the dishes outside the door again when you are finished; the maid will collect them in the morning.”
"There was nothing you could have done. The evidence against Montressor was not strong enough to carry weight." And that, too, was the unfortunate truth.
kind of poison! Poison of the soul, of the mind and heart! Of body too, yes - but this poison does not allow the dead to stay where they belong!"
Trigger warnings: none (But we apologize in advance for the massive amounts of exposition in this chapter)
“We have a good deal of information here about thrall,” Mycroft began as Holmes took a chair opposite him. “The chief of it can be distilled in the three books before you.” Two of the books were printed, and one of them so old the pages were darkened and brittle with age. The third was a hand written manuscript of vellum, penned in French.
"Because you are innocent of any crime, and I regret having been the catalyst of your pain." He did not say the
"He won't remember much beyond falling asleep," Watson assured him, “Fragmented pieces, perhaps. Like a dream.” Then he slipped soundlessly inside. He emerged moments later with the newly unconscious body of Montressor carried easily in his arms, as if he weighed no more than a child. He set him down gently and looked at Holmes.
scrawled Mycroft's’ business address at St. James across the top and handed it to the nurse, begging her to send it off as quick as she could manage, dear lady.
"Of course I do not trust you," Mycroft rumbled at him, following the direction of his thoughts. "How could I, being what you are? At least here, you will be properly looked after." They stopped at last in front of a set of heavy wood doors, the now familiar symbols of a protective ward carved into the polished wood.
"You took evidence from the body?" Watson asked, more amused than disquieted. "Does Lestrade know about that?"
As for Watson's feelings, none of the research offered made any mention of a vampire being equally affected. Perhaps it was because Watson had never thralled anyone before, and after a hundred years, the spell once released was quite potent. Or perhaps he had done it wrong? That seemed likely, though Holmes hardly knew
That morning he went to check on the children he'd assigned to watch the church; eight of his most dependable boys, working in pairs of two. They saw him coming from their vantage point at the corner of Glentworth Street and Ivor, and one of them came barreling towards him in a blur of arms and legs.
"I can help you," Watson offered suddenly, sensing the wave of painful nostalgia that washed over Holmes; vague impressions of Stamford, feelings of loss. "You don't have to do this entirely on your own. It's my problem and I dragged you into it -- let me look into Kramer. You say the man was fond of billiards; such places are open well after dark. I can ask about, find out his favorite haunts."
As such, when next he took notice of him Watson held a wooden tea tray between his pale hands. "Have you had anything to drink or eat since last night?" the doctor asked him, the clinking sound of china and the scent of strong tea pulling Holmes’ focus away from his experiment.
"Well," the priest replied, a bit surprised. "This is indeed providence. Bird keeping is something of pastime of mine. I’ve no falcons but I do keep a parrot, and several doves. Do you know husbandry for those birds?”
"And then he sent him after Jackson," Lestrade concluded. He sighed, setting his hat back on his head. "Madness. But given near everyone involved is dead or awaiting trial, I suppose speculation is pointless.”
Holmes silenced him with another kiss, which proved quite effective. "Hush, say no more of it. I am not upset."
"Let us examine the facts, then. You were a man at the end of your young life, dying on a battlefield far from home. No one would have blamed you for giving up, for turning your gun upon yourself and thus ending your misery, or trying to take one more enemy with you. That is the nature of war, Watson. Yet still, your final act was one of mercy. With your dying breath you fought to save the life of another. Just one more man, and if you still had the strength, one more after that."
Holmes had the soul of a scientist and an analytical mind to match, and thus naturally devised many interesting and morally questionable experiments he might run on the vampire while it slept...but he would not. He had given his word that Watson would be safe here, and he had no wish to make himself a bigger liar than he already was.
There were many things woven into the look Holmes shot him. It was a fatal flaw of the doctor's that he had pretended to be less clever than he was for so long now he had started to believe it of himself. It was a bad habit, but Holmes was confident in his ability to shake him free of it. “I asked you once to tell me all you knew of vampiric society. You did not, and the results are now upon us. I will ask you again. This time, do not deceive me.”
to kill me. You did not, and there am I in your debt. You were a dear friend of Stamford and he is dead because of me; there am I in his debt. I have preserved your life - such as it is - and your secrets, at the cost of some few scruples I had left. I cannot say given the thing to do over again I would make the same choice, but what is done is done. I think given all, we can call the debts paid." He saw no reason to be gentle; Watson had lived two lifetimes in the world and was bound to exist for many more. What could
His face and body went slack, eyes heavy and half-lidded as he responded to Watson’s silent wanting, arching his neck to present his blood for the taking and Watson had to close his eyes against the image, but it remained engraved like an icon on the underside of his eyelids.
His eyes wandered to the side of the bed Stamford had always claimed as his own, but the poison had been drained from those memories; they were now more sweet than bitter.
It had not been his intention to linger. The plan was to stay only long enough to hide his features behind a careful disguise before visiting Montressor’s shop. He was slowly closing the net around the man and needed to keep a careful eye on him; it would not do to have himself recognized.
As to the man himself, Holmes found his feelings far from resolute. He had not liked the doctor upon their first meeting, or their second - and given the man had sought him out with the intent to kill, Holmes held that opinion as fair -  thus Watson had entered their third confrontation with Holmes being decidedly prejudiced against him. Somewhat surprisingly however, he found his opinion slightly improved on closer acquaintance. Once Watson accepted Holmes would not be intimidated by him. Once Holmes accepted Watson was in genuine need of help.
influence now.” He could tell Watson was about to apologize again, and Holmes didn’t want to hear it, so silenced him with a kiss. “No- hush. We have been over this. No more apologies. And if you
Watson looked inexplicably relieved, shoulders sloping in a slowly collapsing line as he relaxed. “I feared you would not believe me.”
Holmes thought suddenly, and the rivers of logic running through his brain were momentarily routed by images of crystal-clear lakes and ice shelves along the arctic sea and other such fanciful nonsense. A product of the morphine, surely. He missed the question. “Hmmm?”
Watson kept his eyes closed, kept the shield of his Will between him and the nurse, maintaining the shroud around her mind. He was not terribly skilled in the art of such mental influence, having had no teacher and no particular talent for it anyway. Besides, he didn’t like using such mental manipulations beyond the necessary fugue created while feeding.
“No indeed. I plan on letting Newman incriminate himself. As I’ve said before, I must wait for him to take another victim...but I do not anticipate the wait to be a long one.”
Lestrade made his promises to do so once more, then left Holmes to his own devices. Once the inspector was gone Holmes sighed wistfully, finding a good portion of his attention claimed by Watson. The hard marble of his body as it pressed unyielding against Holmes' burning skin, the burnished bronze of his hair, the impossible color of his eyes...he wondered if such feelings really would fade with the absence of Watson's blood. If not, he was a lost man.
“He has displayed a rare passion for the subject,” Holmes said mildly, “though I don’t suppose he would divulge the details.”
try to break into his mind, possibly even make him their thrall once it was discovered he wasn't one already, and Watson realized with a strong lurch in his stomach that he did
"I don't want to feel any less for you," Watson replied earnestly enough that Holmes wanted to kiss him for it.
"His rooms?" the vicar repeated, sounding puzzled. "He slept in the shed behind the clergy house. I suppose it could do no harm to take a look. Father Newman tells me the man himself has run off."
Clark fetched the strange device, then waited with practiced patience to see if Holmes required anything further. Holmes let him stand there in silence for a few moments like a bounder before finally taking pity on him.
"Yes, you who are supposed to be dead.” Even in his current condition the tone was unmistakably acerbic.
Watson looked up at him with interest, eyebrows hiked high on his forehead. “You’re familiar with the occult? Stamford led me to understand you gave such things no credence.”
Mycroft lit a cigar, sat back with it held between his fat fingers. “Vampires influence the minds of the humans they are in proximity to. The most obvious examples are those consciously done; thralling, Orders and other such instances of deliberate persuasion. But there are unintentional effects as well. Sudden mass hysteria, or an abrupt rash of violence. Look anywhere people’s passions have been suddenly and inexplicably stirred to the boiling point, one will usually find a vampire has made its lair nearby. Not everyone is susceptible to such compulsions, but among the weak-minded, a vampire's influence is unmistakable.  We have reports of such violence escalating in several cities this past week; it is usually a sign that a vampire galère is on the move.”
Holmes ignored the madman’s rambling. "Do you have reason to believe this man thinks you are a vampire?"
The miscreant had been christened Enoch at birth, and it was the only thing his mother gave him before dying of consumption. Subsequently, he was known only as “Nock”, and he passed the time drinking and robbing and killing his way through a mean, miserable, savage life.
The first entry was dated nearly a year beforehand, and contained the most prosaic of writings; exactly what Holmes might expect from a fervently devout but ultimately uninspired man such as the vicar. The chief of it contained prayers, plans for the church, and insipid musings on the nature of the soul which were not nearly so consequential as the dear departed reverend seemed to think.
"I do not murder in God's name," the vicar corrected, his voice too calm for sanity. "I help them confess their sins and embrace true repentance. Afterwards their purified blood is used for a better purpose." He signaled with his hand and Newman entered behind him, a bowl in his hands. He knelt and placed it snugly into the hole in the floor at the end of the stone trench.
"Do you call me a liar?" Holmes asked, taunting smile melting into an expression of wide-eyed innocence and the whole thing was entirely too easy.
They had once been a prominent sept in what would eventually be the county of Kerry, and made their ancestral home along the Maine river. Invigorated, Holmes searched the extensive appendix – which comprised nearly the whole of the third volume – for details.
"Of course," the constable acquiesced grudgingly. He skipped briskly up the steps and Holmes followed, watching as he knocked loudly upon the door with his club. "Come out, Montressor! Scotland Yard!" He glanced back at Holmes. "He hasn't got a back door, has he?"
idiot!" he thundered, opening the door and shoving the lad through with the command of "Stay there, Sturgerson will come for you." He turned back to Holmes, his face hard as granite and white with rage.
was the creature Montressor had so feared, fierce-eyed and ravenous, impossible fangs grown long past his lips.
"Yes, yes, they would have knowledge and wealth, certainly. And they would be utterly indebted for it; bound to whichever sire and clan gave them such riches. Chained by whatever societal rules govern these creatures. Taught to play the Great Game, and woe should they refuse. From the perspective of a vampire which shunned such a society, you were given a great gift, though it came at a price to yourself." He leaned in, "
One of the editors has been busy with surviving summer school break in the southern hemisphere and the other getting their PHD in rock collecting, but school is officially back in session and so are we!
"I've never seen you before," the vicar said, leading Holmes past the chancel and into the back where a small warm kitchen resided, popping fire heating the stone walls and floor. "I am Father Deighton. What is your sad tale? If you have not been long in despair perhaps help can save you before it's too late."
“Things are moving swiftly now; you must use the utmost caution from here on. Keep an eye on the clergy house, but you are
"What's that?" Watson pulled away, looking up at him with his hair mussed and clothes pulled askew. He looked adorably stupefied, and Holmes wanted to kiss him again. But his mind had started to work properly.
"A terrible tale," Father Newman replied hollowly, "The sin of drink often lends itself to other sins, as you have discovered, but such transgressions can be washed away through the love of Christ.”
Behind him Holmes' voice was lazy with exhaustion. "That was a most...singular experience. I can see why Montressor's wife was eager to return."
"I don't need to feed," he replied, voice eerily calm, his arms like iron bands around Holmes’ back, holding his slacking body up like a scaffold. "It's not about that."
"I take it you heard about the church," Jackson said conversationally, sitting down behind his desk. He looked at Holmes carefully, reading Holmes in exactly the same manner as Holmes read him.
Holmes smiled soporifically, dreamy-eyed and lazy. "She worries too much. More now than she used to. We pretend not to notice."
Holmes gave a derisive snort. "As I am the detective surely that is for me to decide. And you forget that I have not yet agreed to take your case. Thus my ‘mission’, as yet, is undetermined. But if you should like me to weigh the merits of your story you might start by telling me the truth.” He glanced at Jackson again, “I know of few men who when hounded by a murderer would come to my door in the dead of night having first taken such fastidious care of their appearance.”
send him to spy on you. Your meeting was coincidental, and the feelings that developed between you genuine.”
“He threatened me, shot at me with silver bullets in his gun. I killed him in self-defense and left his body as a message and warning for the priest Newman.”
“You may sleep out here,” Father Deighton was telling him, indicating a rough straw bed inside the shed near the coop. “There are blankets to ward off the chill, and a warming pan you can fill from the hearth in the kitchen.”
It was long past visiting hours by the time Watson arrived at Saint Thomas' hospital in Westminster, it's cold, corpse colored walls reflecting the bilious yellow glow of the gas lamps, and the hallways filled with the tangy scent of medicinal soaps that nonetheless failed to completely scrub away the low undercurrent of death and sickness that permeated the air. He made his way towards Holmes room with a purposeful stride and the tawny haired constable on guard outside stood as he drew close, eyes watchful and wary.
"How strong are your powers of suggestion?” Holmes asked suddenly, and Watson blinked in surprise at the abrupt shift in conversation.
Jackson pulled himself up tall, glaring at Holmes for a long moment, dark shadows flickering through his eyes.
"Good afternoon Mister Holmes," the vicar said smoothly. “Are you ready to confess your sins, and die with a clean soul?”
"I - yes, I can find some. Let me do this first." He leaned over Holmes' knee and pulled up his sleeve, biting his wrist again, sharp fangs sinking down into the pale, thin skin. Carefully he let a small measure of blood dribble into the wound, pulling away after a few drops. "I don't want to heal too much," he said with regret. "Not only will it make the story less believable, but there is a risk to you as well."
"And would this plan involve driving a stake through his heart? I know you think me stripped of my reason and his death the only recourse, though I was told the effects of the thrall would fade within a week or two."
Such an eventuality as this was Holmes'  chief motivation for being at the shop that day, and he had intended to arrive early enough he could shadow Montressor should the man try to leave. But his constitution failed him and he'd slept through the morning, letting both time and target slip through his fingers.
“Shhh,” Watson said, his free hand clenched in a fist against the wall. “Please, you have to stop thinking so loudly. I can- barely control myself as it is.”
the government, in a fashion. His specialty is omniscience; if something wicked this way comes, he must know of it. If indeed he doesn't already."
Watson let out something between a hiss and a growl, turning to stare at him in naked hunger. He took an unconscious step forward before stopping again, face distorting in something like pain. "Get
"Logical!" Montressor sputtered, face going red again and not for the first time Holmes wished Stamford were there. His boy had been gifted with the social talents he himself lacked, making friends and influencing people with ease. Holmes could only occasionally connect, in a distant sort of way, and seemed to have more luck there with women than men. (Stamford would say that had less to do with his demeanor and more to do with his appearance, when he didn't look like "a half starved, drowned rat rolled in coal dust", to quote the man himself.)
Later, after he had mastered his darker impulses, he had tried to curate his patients in exactly the opposite manner. As he did not have to kill, and his bite had a euphoric effect that seemed the very opposite of unpleasant, he chose among his steadily rotating regulars only those whose mental landscapes he found particularly appealing. Most of these were women due to the simple fact that most of his clients were women (there were some very obvious reasons for this of course) and, on the whole, he found the flavor of women’s thoughts – if it could be called ‘flavor’ – to be more agreeable to him than those of their male counterparts.
She cracked the door open when he knocked, pale faced and red-eyed; a woman newly widowed, or as good as.
Holmes looked at him blandly, "No one is responsible for my neck but myself, and if you have called me here then you ought to give me something to do, else I might as well go back to bed."
There were of course at least half a dozen ways a man might hide his pulse, at least for a short while. Three of them would require the doctor to be unconscious. Of those remaining the first involved meditation and the effect was temporary; it certainly would not last through the lengthy conversation they’d had. The second required an extensive knowledge of South American plants and would have left the pupils dilated, which they were not. The third would be achieved through the use of makeup and a thin prosthetic covering the wrist, but there had been none.
Watson looked disappointed, and Holmes laid a comforting hand on his arm which Watson covered with his own.
"You rush to save the lives of those who cannot even repay you," Watson said, standing as well. He noted Holmes' abrupt change of subject and tucked it away in his mind for further rumination.
"We do not know how we will feel in two weeks, but for now, he could not convince me of anything else. And what choice I make when the thrall lifts will be entirely my own."
The couple followed Holmes downstairs and out the front door. The night was cool, the lamplighter making his way down the street, having passed their home already. James watched his wife carefully, holding on to her arm with a tight, frightened grip, but she seemed perfectly at ease, breathing in the night air with a serene countenance.
“I’m not,” Holmes assured him, and the stranger paused at that, gaze going narrow and intense. Then he shrugged, examining his fingernails with practiced nonchalance.
That is the conclusion we have come to, after checking the word length and finding it clocking in somewhere between fucktrillion and billiony-fuck.  But rather than do the responsible thing and trim it down, we decided to split it up into a series, to make it less intimidating for us to edit and hopefully for you to read. We also changed the title of this work and made the old title the series header, because we're the authors and we can do what we want.
He grabbed the vacated chair and pulled it towards the bed, legs making a scraping sound as they dragged across the floor.
"Yes,” Holmes agreed, understanding both the danger and the need for sleep. He still let their touch linger before releasing Watson to the dawn. And then the doctor was slipping out the window, and was gone.
" He paced the room, nearly growling, lips curled up over sharp teeth that seemed longer than they had before.
He had fallen asleep on the settee but came quickly awake, arm and leg still stiff but both much better than they had been. "Better," he called, tugging on his shirt and hastily doing up the buttons, "and ready for tea, though you may wish to wait before bringing it in least you be scandalized. Not that I've any objection, but I know your delicate sensibilities."
"Fire more easily than heat alone," Watson replied with a nod. "More flammable than a human, for the younger among us. On its own warmth is not much of a concern."
What followed was a thick and awkward silence, heavy with things unspoken but they were saved from the floundering conversation as the kettle shrieked like a steam engine and Watson grabbed it from the fire again, transferring it to the tea tray. His fingers came away from the hot metal with the barest tinge of pink - skin certainly not so red as it had been after he'd been marked by silver.
it is - your "dead" client, Doctor Jackson. What name is he going by these days?" He looked Holmes over quickly. "He tempted you by promising to cure your wounds, did he not?"
"You really should sleep," Watson advised, abandoning all pretense. "You're still missing two pints of blood. It’s a miracle you’re not unconscious."
Her lip quivered but she nodded her head, swallowing her tears. "Please," she whispered desperately, her whole heart in the word, "Please, he thought only of me- of keeping me safe- please to do not expose him to the Yard, Mister Holmes. He did not realize...he only wanted to frighten Doctor Jackson away. He did not think it would end in bloodshed."
Lestrade glowered, face turning red as beetroot as he turned on his heel and marched out, door slamming shut with a hollow bang. Watson looked on in amusement, his eyes alight with silent laughter and for a moment Holmes was captivated, mind awash with stunning blue skies- but it was only a moment.
Watson listened and pondered it all. It was true, he would fight to defend his life (as anyone would do, would they not?), even if that meant hurting or killing innocent men.
!” he growled, the word deep and gravely, the power that infused it almost a tangible thing, shimmering in the air between them.  A chill crept into the room as the heat of the fire seemed to diminish.
Holmes had to admit it had been his own carelessness that set events into motion, a brief but unforgivable lapse in his usually ridged standards brought on, no doubt, by the after-effects of mild to moderate blood loss. In such a state his thoughts became fractured and disorganized, body slow to respond to his commands.
"Yes, though only a few. From the bits of our "culture" I have managed to learn, vampires are territorial to the extreme. Personally, I would not mind sharing London with another, but most do not agree with my ethics where feeding is concerned. It has brought us into conflict more than once."
"He was a Londoner, but unfamiliar to that particular area of the city. He had traveled there by underground that afternoon on a matter of some urgency, and he was fond of billiards."
“Seems we’ve another murderer on our hands,” Lestrade sighed finally, mopping at his brow. “Bloody madman,” he muttered, and Holmes wheezed from his position on the floor.
Jackson studied him, Holmes' chin still clutched in an ice-cold hand. The predatory gleam had returned to his eyes. "You've intrigued me up to this point as the man who caused my good friend's death,” the doctor said, voice low and lethal. “But we are far, far from the subject at hand. There is a man who has been sent to kill me. Will you help me find evidence against him, so that I may set the proper authorities on him?"
The park was quiet that time of night, full moon shining valiantly through a thick blanket of clouds and Watson sat on a bench beneath a sprawling willow tree, staring out into the darkening evening, eyes bright and watchful. It did not matter that there was very little light; he could see in the dark as well as any nocturnal creature, and night was an old friend. In his mind he was replaying a few hazy memories of having visited this very place when he was a young man, warm blooded and alive.
"Gregson informs me the fire department is on its way to retrieve the body. They can surely wait the span of a minute or five."
Watson darted forward with preternatural swiftness, stealing a kiss from his lips. "Never," he said. Then, "I shall miss you terribly."
Many of the pages were filled with more insane rambling as the vicar spiraled into true madness, line after line of near indecipherable ramblings about the burden cast upon him: the demon that inhabited his son’s body, and his fervent belief it could be excised with the purified blood of a true repentant. More than once, there was a plea to God to end the boy’s suffering.
“No,” Father Newman said. “Everything is as he left it. I had thought he simply wandered off. The indigent do make a habit of it.”
In the back rooms of the Diogenes - where casual members were not allowed - Mycroft passed a written letter to another senior member.
Perhaps, at least, Watson now understood why Holmes so vehemently insisted on the honesty of his clients...
“I’ll only be a moment,” Holmes assured him as he bullied his way inside. “Very queer business going on these days, very queer indeed.“
Holmes clutched his hand hard around his glass and looked away, but Mycroft would not be routed so easily. “He resigned from the order shortly after he met you; even before you took rooms together at Baker Street. He knew he could not serve two masters, both us and you. He chose you; take comfort at least in that.”
Holmes stared into the fire in contemplative silence. Then, “It would seem his abilities lent him a certain, advantage, in that area.”
"Oh! No, no he was just as kind as ever," she replied, her brow furrowing. "It is why I had such difficulty believing my husband- Doctor Jackson has never been anything but kind to me."
“Watson! There you are at last. Kiss me,” he demanded, and did not wait for a response, his lips suddenly warm against Watson’s own while all around them Holmes’ emotions churned and raged like a maelstrom; Watson was dizzy with the sheer force of his passion, its unfathomable depth. And who could have guessed that Holmes of all men would have such feeling hidden within him?
The sun was courting the western horizon by the time Holmes reached Montressor's shop, spiked shadows growing long against the sides of the buildings and people hurrying to finish the last of their errands before the shops closed for the evening.
"I heard," Watson said. He sat next to Holmes on the settee and carefully rolled up his sleeve, a strange intimacy to the movement that left Holmes feeling oddly discombobulated, sudden turbulence in his stomach like the discordant music of a village shivaree.
Georgie was moving towards him with concern when the inner door opened with a bang, and Mycroft - moving with far more celerity than Holmes had ever seen him do before – snatched him away.
James tried to protest, but his wife once again nudged him gently forward. They headed down the street, stopped to speak for a moment, and then returned.
, and he shot Watson a captious gaze,  "Is it not obvious? Were it simply a willingness to murder they would not have copied the crime. You are being framed, Doctor."
“His eyes, yes. Also his mouth, his nose, his ears and hands. Everything about man tells a story, if one but observes the details. For instance, I know you fed before you came here tonight.”
Holmes sniffed, feigning offense. "If you believe me to be so dishonest perhaps you should remove me from the investigation."
Holmes stilled, because Watson had commanded it; under thrall his word was as good as an Order. "We should go," he parroted, because Watson had commanded that as well. None of that would likely do anything for Mycroft's feelings toward them, but things were as they were. Holmes
It was a good thing he had been seated, or else he would have staggered beneath the sudden weight as Holmes sent his conscious careening towards Watson with the speed of a runaway freighter. As it was, he found himself having to pull his own awareness back slightly, least he be momentarily overwhelmed.
“Come to me!” it growled and Holmes body acted of its own accord, leaning forward slightly as Newman grabbed him by the shoulders, preparing to drag him onto the bed. Behind them Father Deighton murmured a low and fervent prayer.
Holmes leaned inward, that sharp look about him again that reminded Watson suddenly of a bear trap, great steel jaws ready to clamp shut around an unwary prey. “But it
Holmes gave a world-weary sigh. "I am never full divested from the case. Therein lays the trouble with distraction. At times when I can do nothing but
He exhaled a plume of smoke and picked up a pen, twirling it around his fingers for a few moments as he thought. Then he began to write.
"True," Watson admitted, frowning deeply as he pulled himself from his reverie. "But maintaining a thrall requires they be given blood frequently. If there are other thralls in the city, the sire is not likely to be far."
"They've prescribed you morphine to take home," Mycroft rumbled as he motioned for the nurse to grab the handles and lead the way out of the room. "I told them that was unwise, but they insisted." He paused, "I shall be looking after it for you."
Night was full-on when Holmes arrived at Watson's clinic, the stars a distant memory beneath the customary gloom of London fog. He knocked, and then knocked again, and became irritated, having already grown accustomed to Watson anticipating his arrival.
“Not certain, no, but there is very good reason to believe it is, and no reason at all to believe it is anyone else.” He and Mycroft had been working through the day to discover what they could; any land deeds or properties listed under that name that might be possible places of interest. Holmes was still convinced Moriarty’s lair – the current one, at least – was to be found north of London, thus that was where their efforts were for the moment concentrated. But thus far they had uncovered very little, even with Mycroft bringing to bear his not inconsiderable governmental influence.
Holmes closed his eyes and pressed his face into the jut of Watson's shoulder, listening to the slow beat of a heart that's speed did not increase with physical exertion. He was no stranger to London’s rooftops, but he had never traversed them at this speed, covering nearly a quarter of the city in a matter of minutes. Ahead of them Big Ben loomed high above the houses of parliament, and Holmes thought with a childish sort of excitement that he would like to climb it.
This sudden turn in events meant Holmes had to adjust both plan and timetable, and that required several hasty detours through various parts of the city. By the time he made his way to Watson's practice night had already fallen over London like ash, distorted shadows of people and horses looming out of the lamp-lit fog.
Upon entering Baker Street he was immediately accosted by Mrs. Hudson, who berated him soundly for being gone so long without word, flapping about him like a maddened bird as she shoved a letter into his hands.
?" he asked breathlessly, eyes wide and open as the sky and Holmes answered placidly, “In what sense?”
Mycroft ignored that, laying into him instead. “Coming here, thralled!? Have you lost your mind!? Wait- yes you have,
crime?” Holmes challenged, because the longer he could keep Deighton talking the better his odds at escape, and the longer he could avoid what looked increasingly likely to be the inevitable.
Watson sighed heavily, ponderous line between his brows marring the preternatural smoothness of his face. “I can’t help but wonder why he went through with it all. I understand he was searching for me, but why use the clergy? Why not the police? And why bother to blackmail Deighton when he could have thralled him instead?”
The vicar removed his reading glasses and peered at Holmes with interest. "A detective? What brings you here this morning? Is it about the unfortunate fellow found on our roof a while ago?"
Mycroft ignored him, stern face even more severe and inflexible than usual. “Congratulations, brother mine,” he snapped, “it seems your depravity knows no bounds.”
It is the last thing Holmes wanted to hear, the words like physical pain. "I do not need to know where you sleep in order to see you," he argued, desperate. Yes, he would submit to Watson's will, because the thrall would hardly let him do anything else and therefore if Watson said no Holmes could not help but obey. But surely, he was allowed to plead his case.
Lestrade's face pinched into a faint scowl.  "He's a rather difficult person to reach," he grumbled. "I had a telegram sent but have had no answer thus far."
"A man so resilient to physical pain is a man familiar with suffering," the vicar cut in. “And you do suffer, do you not, Mister Holmes? Would not confession be better than this constant spiritual torment? How many morals have you compromised these past few weeks, for the sake of a creature renounced from God’s love?"
"Coincidence, no. It is certain the body was meant to be found. If not by us, then by this "Prince" of yours. The enemy has announced themselves.”
"I was afraid of that," he murmured, then turned to the woman. "Thank you, you have been most helpful."
Holmes was waiting for him, his chair drawn up to the fire and a pipe held at a contemplative angle between his teeth. He looked up as Watson landed softly upon the rug and smiled, though some subtle tension in his face gave Watson pause, and a faint worry wrapped itself around his heart like a glove.
“He did not wish you to know,” Mycroft rumbled. “He never meant for you to become ensnared in the business. And he knew you would, if you discovered it. He knew your nature well enough to know you could do nothing else.”
“I have procured for your examination all the literature we have concerning thrall,” Mycroft answered. “What it truly is, and what vampires use it for."
"To warn you, but it seems you may know more of the business than myself. I commend you brother; I never even suspected. How long have you known of the existence of vampires? For myself, it has been a little over a month."
Watson gave a small laugh. “That is the point of the exercise, Holmes. You have far more dominion over your mind than I do; I can read the words but you are the author. So, take up your pen and edit your thoughts. Keep them from me if you can.”
“You are going to be the death of me,” Watson replied, desperate strained edge to his voice as Holmes' scent filled his head with maddening thoughts.
"Nor did I," he said, shaking his head. "Nothing... nothing I had heard could have prepared me for it." He continued to touch Holmes in an absent manner, hands stroking through his hair and running all over, mapping Holmes' body with his fingers. "I daresay anyone trying to break the thrall will have an insurmountable task before them."
Holmes let out a long slow breath from between his teeth, infinitesimal calculations taking place behind his eyes. “That is a problem,” he said, and Watson’s brow furrowed.
“You dislike being touched,” Watson finished for him, “save for the very few people you have chosen to allow the privilege.”
Holmes watched the man fluster and spit. When he spoke it was with the self-possessed tones of a man who knew his own mind absolutely. "I will do what I can to uncover the truth of this business, but it may take time. How long, I cannot say."
“You are meant to be assisting him in mental defense, not making him more vulnerable to attack.”  Mycroft's tone was acerbic, even antagonistic, but his hands were gentle as the arranged Holmes’ limbs in a more comfortable position.
A cogitative hum emanated from the back of his throat. "They may already be here. It has been several days since the affair at the church. The sire’s child and at least one of his thralls is dead, and he will know the corpse pulled from the ashes of your house was not your own. Our only advantage there is that they do not yet wish to reveal their presence in the city. Rather than show themselves, they will send thralls.”
But Holmes was practically purring, sensing imminent victory. Bit by bit he was luring Watson in and they both knew it. "And what are you going to do, carry me about the city on your back?"
"Shh..." he said, cupping Holmes' face and silencing him with a desperate kiss. "No! Don't – don't call me that...never that. I am not your Master. I am- I'm your
A muscle twitched near Holmes' eye. Watson was certain it meant something, but he could not fathom it. Holmes was as much a cipher to him now as he had been a month ago.
Holmes cocked an eyebrow. "Do you often reveal yourself to people you don't trust? A dangerous habit." He shrugged. "The question was purely one of scientific inquiry. Famous literature and general consensus say vampires are undead; their hearts do not beat. And yet they also maintain that one of the only ways to kill them is to pierce them through the heart. But that is contradictory; if the hearts do not beat, then destroying it should hardly matter. Yours however does, implying the opposite. You are alive, in a fashion. Therefore, it follows your heart would be as vital to your continued existence as any man."
The good doctor did not make him wait, measuring it out with practiced hands. "A small dose," he explained, "because Lord knows what concentration this is at."
At first it was just blood; viscous fluid coating Holmes’ tongue, thick and copperish. But moments later it became something more, something sweeter, something
He was intrigued, of course he was. Here was a puzzle unlike any he had ever encountered. Jackson was a dangerous mystery, and both those things tempted Holmes sorely. But fascinated as he was, the central fact remained: Jackson was lying to him.
“Excitement,” Lestrade repeated with an incredulous shake of his head, staring at Father Deighton’s body where it lay crumpled against the wall.  He glanced at Holmes again and blanched, turning towards the door with a gruff shout. “Hurry up with that stretcher, lads!”
"I didn't think we were allowed to speak beyond the foyer, save for the Stranger's Room," Holmes observed, changing the subject because if Mycroft did not believe him anyway then there was no point wasting the air necessary to refute him.
Newman barely had time to look up, had not even fully registered Watson’s presence in the room before Watson had him by the neck and in one quick movement dashed his brains against the floor. Then he turned his wrathful gaze to the vicar.
Holmes picked up the first volume, flipping through it in an offhand way and Mycroft fixed him with a pointed stare.  “Be
"I see. Well then, consider yourself hired." He turned and walked lazily down the hall. "Will you stay and say what you've learned, or are you keen to return to the streets once more?"
He dare not risk exposing information over open channels until he knew for certain who and what had been inside his flat. The mostly likely suspect was Watson, but that was not a certainty, and until he could be certain he must treat the threat as legitimate.
His next stop was the Yard, and he wondered if Lestrade had managed to identify the body ahead of him.
"Yes, do,” Holmes replied, soaking up as much of Watson as he could before the dawn pulled them apart again.
A chill did not run down his spine, but only because he was used to such horrors. He backed out, and shut the door. Then he simply stood there for a moment and breathed.
From the other side of the room a door opened, and a thin, blonde woman poked her head out. "James... it's alright dear. I want to speak with him."
"Which war was it?" Knowing Watson had been turned in battle hardly narrowed things down; humanity was at constant war with itself. One of those things that never changed.
“Something is,” Holmes assured him, then turned his attention to Watson because he didn’t want to think about Mycroft or the Diogenes or any of that just now. He simply wanted to stand there and kiss Watson for as long as the world would let him, stealing every moment he could, secreting bits of the doctor away for later reflection. Watson had no scent that Holmes had ever been able to detect, therefore he focused on the feel of Watson's arms around him, solid and cold as iron, and the press of their bodies; the doctor's chest firm against his own. This would be his panacea in the long day that was to follow, until they could see each other again.
They spent the whole of the night together, though it was less passionate than Holmes might have hoped. Watson refused to indulge him as much as he desired, blaming his amorous feelings on the thrall, despite Holmes presenting the very logical argument that if such feelings were dictated by thralling, he would not have them if Watson did not want him to.
"My mind is no worse than it ever was. If you did not trouble yourself over it before there is no reason to begin."
about Holmes, though likely they would both rather he didn’t. Watson had spent a good deal of time and energy trying to hate the man and found he could not. At the end of the day Holmes was a good man trying desperately to hold himself together. Watson could not help but respect that, could not help but want to protect it.
Watson chuckled. "It is entirely up to you if you wish to travel across the city looking debauched."
"Always so demanding," Watson chided, but indulged him, even if the kiss was bittersweet, and the gentle teasing a cover to hide less playful emotions. Were he a better man, he would not touch Holmes at all; would not encourage the feelings brought on by the thrall. A better man would have left that first night, would never have allowed himself to become so entangled. But he is not a man at all, and certainly not a good one.
"They are sending a wheelchair. The fact that I arrived before it tells you how incompetent the staff here are."
Holmes stomach clenched, his heart fluttering into his throat and for a moment he couldn't even talk. "Watson," he croaked, and then the doctor scrambled inside, closing the window behind him.
"And I think you're due a place in hell," Holmes replied with as much malicious cheer as could be managed.
"He believed," the doctor continued, goading. "Because he knew the truth, because he had seen things most men do not. I trusted him with that knowledge. It would seem that he kept his promise, and told you nothing."
The constable nodded and quickly shuttled Montressor down the steps and into the cab. It rattled off, leaving Holmes alone with Lucy.
“The story my brother has given me matches with the facts surrounding Mister Kramer’s death,” Mycroft pronounced, voice brooking no argument. “We know Kramer’s demise did not come at the hands of any vampire; the most tertiary observation of the corpse reveals this much. We know too the night he died he had gone to meet with a friend who he claimed was in need of such services as we provide, and we know James Montressor was criminally insane, having been driven mad by a concurrence of influences which include fear, paranoia and mental contamination by that wretched creature kept in the clergy house of Saint Cyprian.”
"Of course," Holmes replied smoothly, obsequious lilt to his voice. "But did you at that time have any reason to fear for his well-being?"
"Hmm?" Watson replied, turning to him and appearing for the first time to take note of the chill. "Ah- well, wasn't expecting company, you know." He crossed the room, filled a kettle with water and set it into the open flames of the hearth bare-handed and seemingly without thought, giving his hand an absent shake as he pulled it away. "And I would advise you to be careful of the church; if things are as you say then Newman is a dangerous man and he has the vicar's confidence. I doubt he will hesitate to harm you if he believes you are sheltering me."
Vicar Newman waited with Holmes until the conclusion of Mass, then marched him to the vicar by his ear – quite literally. Holmes explained again what he had done and why, pathetic figure crumpled on his knees, grabbing imploringly at the hem of the priest's robe.
"Please," he entreated, and the constable nodded again, hopping to his feet and hurrying away. Holmes sighed, sat back and enjoyed the feeling of not being in
"You handled the Blackwood case excellently," Jackson remarked, stretching long arms over his head. "Your refusal to believe in his magic tricks saved parliament." He leaned back in the armchair and for a moment Holmes was struck by an inexplicable feeling of danger; the same kind felt by a doe a split second before it locked eyes with a hungry wolf. "You had a partner then, didn't you? A shame. I read his obituary. Explosion at the docks..."
The flat certainly looked as though it had fallen victim to the Yard’s particularly destructive brand of ‘wandering’. Three separate officers at least had trampled back and forth, making a mess of things.
, brother, even though I cannot. He knows you are here, doesn't he? I should hold you here, and when he fails to come it would prove you are nothing to him. The danger here is too great to risk himself for a single thrall and he knows it. Instead, I am telling you to go - tell him to visit us here tonight. If neither of you shows by midnight, I shall assume the worst, and I
There was a light burning in the upstairs window, and Watson opened the door for him as he sprinted up the steps.
. But you've framed him and the Yard hangs on your every word, Sherlock Holmes," she said, spitting his name like a curse. "You're in bed with the devil."
“No matter,” Holmes said, eyes closed and breathing too labored for Watson’s comfort. “It will- not be a terribly hard thing to explain. The constabulary rarely looks past the most obvious.”
Holmes tilted his head back and addressed the ceiling, lazy lilt to his voice. "It is a fungus found in tropical climates, possessed of the unique and fascinating ability to infecting living organisms - ants to be specific - and causing them to wander from the nest. They afix themselves to the underside of a leaf and there remain until death some days later. In the meantime, the ant's body is devoured as the fungus spreads like a cancer throughout, eventually entering a reproductive stage where fruiting bodies grow from its head, rupturing to release spores, thus the cycle begins anew."
Lestrade was in fine humor that morning and Holmes understood it had very little to do with him. The inspector had been dressed down by his superiors over some petty grievance and while undoubtedly hard-done by, the man was forced to hold both his tongue and temper in such situations. As such, he was looking for someone to vent his ire upon. Fortunately for the inspector, Holmes was more than willing to rise to the occasion. "Not yet, though it is rewarding to know how thoroughly you rely on me to do your job."
"As I was conveniently incapacitated at the time I am unable to say, but possibly because I was not his jailer, and he thought me already dead." That was believable. He
Holmes was quiet a very long time, and Watson stood unmoving beside him, listening to the fire crackle and burn. Finally after several false starts he said softly, "I should like a promise."
"Ah!" Holmes shouted, waking with a start, strangled gasp trapped in the back of his throat that turned into a groan of pain. "Watson...yes, of course. Off you go, my boy," he replied, shooing him away with a flick of his fingers.
Holmes shrugged, deeply unperturbed. "Ah well, don't think of it as such then. It is only hypothesis." He ducked his head, but not before Watson caught the glimmer of a smile at the edge of his mouth. The man
It was not a hard promise to make. "I swear it," he said, and was gratified as the tension in Holmes' shoulders released the slightest bit. "If there is anything else I can do-" he began, but Holmes cut him off.
Holmes saw no reason for dishonesty. "Better than I could be. Credit where it is due; this facility has excellent morphine."
The man was on his knees, chained to the wall like a dog with iron rings clasped around his neck and wrists. He was alive but in a bad way, breathing labored and uneven. The commotion roused him slightly and he turned his head, blinking up at Holmes with pain-fogged eyes.
That the secrets Watson had guarded this long, lonely century were not so easily shared with a man he’d only just met, who’s acquaintance was temporary, and who’s confidence would come to an end as soon as the case was wrapped up?
She shook her head frantically, beginning to tremble in distress. "I didn't know he had gone...it is not like him to not tell me if he plans to leave."
Jackson clenched his jaw for a moment, finally letting go of his ire in a long hissing breath that reminded Holmes of the sea.
It had hurt, is what Watson meant, and Holmes nodded in silent commiseration. Holmes himself had only come close to dying, and that was unpleasant enough. "I imagine your survival came with a great deal of trial and error in the beginning. And in what way is it disappointing? I am asking about your experiences; you are answering truthfully. That is all that can be expected."
"I did. Though that was not the last I was to see of Father Newman. Langley began following me shortly thereafter and one night I gave him the slip and shadowed
fight them, doctor, with or without you. Thus if you are concerned for my welfare, the sensible thing would be to let me assist you in your endeavors. Whatever my chances against such a foe, they will be exponentially increased with you by my side. Let us continue our partnership until the threat has passed."
A stiff-backed constable sat stationed near the door, a copy of The Morning Chronicle in his hands, dated two days from the time of his capture. Well, if the world had gotten on without him for two days, it could manage awhile longer. He fell back asleep.
"Will you...will you stay?" The words were soft, little more than breath. The dose had been a heavy one, and Holmes was almost asleep.
Lestrade stared at him, shocked to his core and thoroughly disconcerted, confusion and disbelief at war on his bushy face. “You’re tellin’ me a man of God did that to you?”
"As it so often goes," the reverend agreed. "But your circumstances are different this time. This time you are here – in the presence of God, and among men who can help you.” He looked at Newman. “Were all the stolen items recovered?”
“I do not see how I can.” He lit another pipe, body crumpled in haphazard angles on the settee. He felt agitated, raw and restless and uneasy. Out there beyond the solid walls of the Diogenes, evil was seeping into the city. It would be only a very short time before it began claiming victims of a more sympathetic variety than the fellow they’d dredged out of the water.
Jealousy that Stamford - his dear friend, the man he trusted with his greatest secret - had not seen fit to share with Watson the true nature of his relationship with Holmes, nor even given him reason to suspect they were more than friendly colleagues. That he could have trusted Watson was beyond doubt; it was not as though Watson
It had not been vengeance that drove the worst parts of himself forward into Holmes' life; it had been jealousy.
After a breathless moment or five Holmes had spent exploring Watson's lips with his own he dropped his head onto Watson's shoulder, hopelessly overcome. "I love you," he murmured, and Watson’s arms tightened around him possessively.
mad," Mycroft noted, "but you are not wrong that darkness threatens this city. Our scouts have reported increased nocturnal activity in the smaller towns outside London, and in the larger cities, things are beginning to happen.”
Watson found himself smiling as he stepped into Holmes space, both amusement and curiosity growing. "Should I remove my shirt? I have another in my bag.” It was an old habit left over from the early days of his un-life, before he’d learned to feed without making a mess: always have a clean set of clothes. Perhaps it was silly of him, but he hated appearing unkempt.
"Thought I'd have but one drink" he agreed, wiping his nose on the corner of his shirt. "Jus’ the one...but I ain't never stopped at one. Didn’t stop this time either. Not 'till I was flat broke again."
A lamp with the shade half drawn sat on the floor near the entrance to the secret room, it's light throwing up monstrous shadows upon the walls. The stone door had been pulled open, and Newman stood just within, stoop-shouldered and half bent beneath the low ceiling.
Holmes felt a small flare of childish triumph at the success of his disguise but didn't linger over it; there were more important things. "Don't mind if I do," he gruffed out, helping himself to a chair and sitting down with a thump. When he spoke again, it was as himself. "Hardly any way to talk to an old friend, Doctor. And keep your voice down; it is possible we are being observed."
"Most interesting,” Holmes replied with casual disinterest. “I have been considering your condition, would you like to know my hypothesis?"
Watson smiled fondly. “He did say you disliked both doctors and hospitals, and preferred to look after your own health.”
Watson reared back like a startled hind, unprepared for the biting acerbity of the words, but he at least possessed the good sense to look properly abashed. “Whatever knowledge I have is yours,” he vowed. “I promise you I do not know a great deal, but if I can answer a question, I will.”
"Indeed. Would you like to hear my conclusions?" he asked, and Deighton motioned for him to continue. "You are insane," Holmes said definitively.
will, yet I do not know if it is simply my own desires being spoken through your lips. As such, I cannot trust myself either."
Holmes scowled. "You are in entirely too good a humor. Leave, and come back again when you can comport yourself with less conviviality."
"It is a far more intense a connection than either of us expected," Holmes supplied from Mycroft’s other side.
"I can find out about Langley's past as well, if you need me to," he volunteered again, wanting to do right by the detective, to make amends for having ever involved him in the first place.
Watson nodded, persistent wrinkle at his brow marring the preternatural smoothness of his face. But he obediently fetched up the tired-looking journal and set it down in Holmes' lap.
“Graves atop graves. Bodies thrown down the same hole with the caskets, and the earth refilled. Seven in all, including one poor soul inside the house, newly dead.” That would be the man Holmes had tried to save. They were likely waiting until nightfall to dispose of the corpse, along with his own...
“I was saying, I have spent the day reading all I could find on the subject of thrall, and while I can account for my own condition easily enough, I cannot account for yours. Vampires are not supposed to share a thrall’s feeling of infatuation. Is it possible you made an error?"
Watson glanced at his watch, face crinkling in disapproval at the hour. "Your brother is a miser," he grumbled, but kept his hands to himself.
That was all the invitation Holmes needed and he was off, mind running swift down the whitewater torrents of his thoughts. "Firstly, you cannot stay here; certainly not during the day. It would only take a bottle of accelerant and a match to end you. Were I Newman’s master, this should be the first place I would come looking in search of you.”
He was lying collapsed into his chair, eyes open and body twitching faintly, alive with tics and jumps that had no rhythm behind them.
"What!?" Gregson looked from Holmes to the roof and back again. "Are you mad? You'll fall and break your damn neck! I'll be blamed for killing Sherlock Holmes! Absolutely not."
"You are removed!" Lestrade snapped hotly, hand slamming down on the desk top for emphasis. "We've got a name; we'll take it from here."
Watson rolled his eyes, crossed his arms before him like a shield. "Are you really expecting them to try and murder you tomorrow morning? There is
"You know nothing," Holmes croaked, holding his pain in check. "‘Thus in Christ are we redeemed from the curse of the law, by Christ's blood spilled are we all saved.’ Galatians 3:13. You ought to try reading the
No light illuminated the windows as he approached but that meant little; Watson could see as easily in the dark as he could the light and Holmes hoped it meant the doctor had the presence of mind not to announce himself. He slipped the key in the lock and let himself in quietly enough not to wake Mrs. Hudson, slowly mounting the stairs to his rooms. Atlas himself could not have felt a heavier weight upon his shoulders.
with it, Sherlock. It is unique. There is no copy, and the information within, detailing both major and minor clans, those both living and dead, makes it one of the most comprehensive chronicles of its kind in the world. It has been borrowed from a trusted friend, and I have promised that it will be returned to him unblemished.” He put careful emphasis on the last word.
"If I were you could hardly expect me to own it," Holmes countered reasonably, a sperious grin cut across his face.
"Believe it or not, Watson, I am considered a shrewd judge of character, and I judge yours to be sound. I cannot say the same for any others of your kind we might meet with."
"Of course not; you're under thrall. How could you be anything but enamored with me?" he said miserably.
Holmes opened his mouth, paused, closed it again, a crease appearing between his brow. For a long moment he said nothing, lost in a silent glower. When he finally spoke his voice was quiet, strained with some unidentifiable emotion. “I- was uncertain of your loyalties.”
"I can arrange a meeting," Mycroft said with an imperious wave of his hand. "As you know, no one can come past the foyer at night unless vetted, and every room beyond it has been warded against evil. He can meet you there."
"Either the thrall must go to the master or the master must go to the thrall. It is clear the sire did not wish to enter London, therefore Newman had to make himself available. “
Sherlock Holmes was not yet asleep. This was not an unusual state of affairs but he saw no reason to advertise the fact and thus ignored the knocking at the front door in favor of turning his attention back to the monograph he was writing; a comprehensive study of poisonous plants indigenous to the British Isles along with their various effects upon the human psyche. He had spent several months in thorough research after all and was nearly finished. A vial of cocaine, near two-thirds empty rested precariously close to the edge of the desk.
Inside the morgue proper it was cold and dark and damp, air stale and heavy with the smell of decaying flesh. In the corner great blocks of ice slowly melted atop three cadavers, keeping them chilled as they awaited autopsy and then interment. The miasma of blood and decomposing bodies was thick enough to taste and Dr. John Watson was red up to his elbows, hands buried deep in the body of their victim. He glanced up as they walked in, nodding his hello to the inspector and turning to Holmes with a face smooth as porcelain and innocent as the spring.
"'Old boy?'" Watson asked, shaking his head slightly with amusement as he settled again. "I suppose I could go ask after her. I know where she and her husband live."
“There is an unused garret room above my own quarters; it once belonged to Stamford. We can close the shutters and plank the window to be safe; no one looking up would think anything suspicious. Without the light from the window it will be wholly dark. You will then be able to come and go as you please. But Nanny will know of you, thus unless your mental powers are strong enough to plant in her mind the command that she not mention you to anyone, you will not be safe."
"There are many theories, some of them more religious than others," Watson said, setting the tea tray down on the table next to Holmes. He took a seat and glanced at his hand, seeming unbothered. "Some think the sun is God's eye, and exposure to it destroys us because we are tools of the devil."
"This is a surgical scar, from a scalpel," he announced. "Did he always draw blood from the same place, that you remember?"
“I thought you were one? In any case I seem to recall you assuring me I would survive the night,” Holmes reminded him with infuriating pedantry.
His brother frowned. "If this creature already knows about you and your association with the doctor, you are in danger. I would have you stay here where it is safe."
"Can I be of any further assistance, Inspector?" Holmes asked, still badly injured and deeply tired and Lestrade was at least smart enough to catch the dismissal in his voice.
“I am saying the man who killed Langley and the man who murdered this fellow are not the same.” He watched as two ash-faced constables trudged by, bloodless body carried between them, covered with sackcloth. Away a pace the young constable from the alley stood leaning heavily against the mariah, a sheen of sweat adorning his brow like a benediction. “Who is the coroner on shift tonight?” Holmes asked.
The first two times he knocked on Montressor's door there was no answer, but after the third it cracked open and a red-faced man peeked out, wary-eyed and suspicious.
“But he would not be in Ireland still. He would be lodged somewhere close to London...if we identify the coat of arms, we may be able to uncover a record of land deeds here in England...” His mind moving at last, the steps quickly unfolded before him, each action proceeded by another and another...
disobeyed him; a thing that should be impossible. Then again, Watson had not really noticed the insubordination because Holmes had been subtly disobeying him this entire time...mostly regarding their more intimate relations. But that supposed contradiction was born of the fact that Watson himself was conflicted.
He arrived at the occult shop to find Montressor gone and the same pocky girl from the night before left in charge. She chattered at him in a good natured, empty-headed fashion, informing him that her master had left earlier that morning in great haste, with no word as to where he might be going nor when he would return.
He sighed, drummed his fingers on the corner of the window in frustration, then sat heavily in his chair and grabbed his pipe, tearing open the letter and scanning it's contents.
"So you left the congregation rather than make yourself an object of gossip and speculation," he finished.
Before I make a choice you and I will both regret!" He scrabbled desperate hands through his hair, muttering,  “I can find a criminal.”
Watson excused himself wordlessly, heading upstairs to check the security of the garret room and turning the endearment over in his mind, trying to decide whether or not it left a bitter taste in his mouth to know it had not meant for him. Upstairs he spent some time studying the windows, testing the room for light leaks but Holmes, it seemed, had been as good as his word; the boards were secure. The room would remain in total darkness even at the sun’s zenith. But despite all this Watson was not entirely comforted; during the torpor of day sleep he was wholly unaware and impossible to rouse. If Holmes wished him dead all he would have to do is enter his room and pry the boards off the windows. Watson would burn to death in the sunlight without ever having even a chance to defend himself.
Holmes harrumphed at him, "You are a Detective Inspector of Scotland Yard, an officer of the court; you have the authority of the Crown behind you. The bishop has information vital to your case, and the vicar was his man. You've as much right to summon him as you would any criminal's employer."
“You have one more chance, Mister Holmes,” Deighton said. “Only one. Confess, and spare yourself any more torment. I think you are due a rest.”
"So fatalistic," Jackson said mockingly. He turned to the door, and the tense energy in the space between them drained away, taking with it the chill that had permeated the air. He glanced over his shoulder to regard Holmes from the tip of his nose. “Let us see how long you can keep your promise to him.”
Holmes stepped away and Mycroft came up, putting his great bulk between them with a pointed look. Holmes saw Watson's jaw clench but he kept his anger in check, saying nothing as he watched Mycroft lead Holmes away into the bowels of the Diogenes. Of course Holmes looked back, until the last possible instant. Until the door to the inner rooms swung shut and Watson was out of his view entirely. A part of his mind whispered treachery, that Mycroft would kill Watson as soon as Holmes was out of the way...
But Holmes was staring glassy-eyed at the ceiling, humming a broken melody and paying Watson no attention at all. He felt suddenly like an impostor, a wreaking ball that had crashed into Holmes’ life and put everything to ruin, left him bleeding in a hospital bed, that brilliant mind too addled by drug to be of any use at all.
“It details the most likely reason why you are now immune to suggestion,” Mycroft replied, glancing at the letter with a disdainful air as he poured himself another drink. He then sat, lit a cigar and glowered at the fire in deep contemplation.
"Perhaps. But there has been a rash of disappearances among the underclass in this area; I suspect Blevins may be the latest victim."
Under a proper thrall, you would have immediately ceased all thought of such actions after having been commanded to do so even once, and would have bitten through your own tongue rather than say anything that might contradict the Order you had been given.”
“I am honored to be among their number,” Watson said, and Holmes peered at him with a disconcerting  gaze.
“The body found in the remnants of Cavendish did not belong to any vampire,” Newman said. “Did you think we were so ignorant as to be fooled by a corpse? Or did ‘Doctor Jackson’ fail to tell you that his kind turn to ash when they die?”
The doctor shrugged. "You can tell them whatever you like. I killed a man in self-defense, Mister Holmes; I won’t apologize for that. Then I made use of the corpse, that's all. They got the message; I should be safe for another decade at least.”
“It was...surprising, is all,” he said dismissively, “A momentary shock of the senses. I shall be over it soon enough.”
“However,” he continued, “This is Father Deighton’s church, and the decision is his alone. He’s another hour at Mass, and then you can explain your actions to him, and pray for his forgiveness.”
“Fight him!” a familiar voice screamed, and then he was being pulled away from the bed, chair rolling across the floor and turning him from the vampire's gaze.
For once Holmes did not correct any of the inspector's erroneous conclusions. "I not only remember him, I was working for him. He hired me because he feared someone was after him. He was right." Holmes didn’t have to feign the regret in his voice, though it came from a different source than the one Lestrade assumed.
Despite himself he drifted off eventually, though sleep was neither deep nor restful. He woke a little past dawn, coming out of his room to be greeted with cold tea from the night before. He shrugged and drank it anyway because there was no point in letting it go to waste.
A line appeared between Watson's brows as he considered. "I can influence them to a degree," he said. "I make my patients forget what I do to them."
Holmes considered that. "What of your own mental abilities? Were another of the sire's thralls to be found, could you likewise read their mind, and pinpoint his location?"
Watson was flummoxed. Even if the thrall had faded, Holmes should still be as susceptible to a simple Order as any mortal.
a murderer. "I am sorry," he told her with genuine feeling. "It is as I said, someone was after him...or he was after someone."
"The gentleman's name wouldn't happen to be Langley, would it?" he asked causally, and the girl nodded enthusiastically.
of Holmes, but no more. Ideally they would share blood, but that was an impossibility. Mycroft would never allow it, and it would only extend Holmes’ stay in this place.
The look Holmes gave him sent a shiver down his spine; burrowed under his skin and stayed there. Holmes' whole face was alight with determination and Watson watched him unreservedly, the fire and passion that burned all through him. Holmes was vividly alive and Watson realized that he was
He knew Watson looked toward that end with trepidation, fearing Holmes would hate and despise him for it all but it was an illusory fear that held no weight behind it. This had been done at his behest, even over Watson’s objections. His regard for the doctor may sink back down to one of mere respect and scientific fascination, but Holmes could not blame him for choices made of his own free will, however unforeseen the consequences.
"Ah," the girl said, eager to be of use. "We've both those over 'ere." She led him to an area with a small variety of herbs used for both medicinal purposes and the practice of magic. Next to the herbs were a few books on occult spells and practices, kitchen witchery and other such flimflam. Holmes had already read most of them during his period of study and found them to be filled with nonsense. Whatever magic existed in the world, it would not be found there.
Sturgerson set the book aside and chose his words carefully. “Your brother is an ardent man, Mister Holmes, and his hatred for vampires runs deep. Under his direction the Diogenes has flourished; he drug our archaic little coven into the nineteenth century and we now have branches in most of the major cities on the isle. But not all of us believe that every vampire is a soulless, indiscriminate killer.”
Watson stepped gracefully aside as Holmes barreled past. “I have. Remind me again why I am letting you commit arson and torch both my home and practice.”
I am not dead, Inspector.  I assure you, every wound I suffer was sustained at the hands of the vicar and his accomplice; the lad had no interest in me at all. He killed the two men who had tormented him and then vanished into the night. He left me for dead, but also left me alive. I will help as much as I can, of course. He should be found but...I hesitate to brand him a mindless killer."
Holmes was aware of this of course, and it was not lost on him that Mycroft had lifted the warding spell anyway, nor that they were alone in the room together. But that did not mean there was any real trust there; Mycroft would have a contingency. Several of them, most likely. However vulnerable he appeared, Holmes had no doubt his brother was well protected in one fashion or another.
"Thrall can effect each man differently,” Holmes reminded him. “Newman was able to spend considerable time parted from his master and seemed unburdened, though he still did his bidding.  As for yourself...I cannot say. Perhaps the vampire feels a reflection of the thrall."
"I have to go now," he said, gently untangling their limbs. "The sun is rising, and I'm not safe here."
master himself so he did, schooling his features and lowering his tone. "The desire is to feed until one cannot feed anymore; the amount of blood I can consume in one feeding is greater than what a grown man holds. I've had to learn to live with a certain amount of hunger.”
He waited until morning Mass had started, when he knew Deighton would be busy with his sermons. Holmes was a skilled fighter but saw no benefit in taking on two men by himself if there was no need for it. He then he lingered at the corner of the house, watching for the cleaning girl to come out back with the morning wash and slipping through the door behind her. He would have between fifteen and twenty minutes before she finished hanging the laundry and shaking out the rugs.
After a few engrossing moments he pulled away with a gentle sigh and leaned his head against Watson's shoulder, having judged it eminently suitable for leaning upon.  "I must to the Diogenes club in the morning to speak with Mycroft, and to parliament - there is an extensive record book recording the various crests of European houses kept there. It is far greater than my own catalog; I may find our mysterious friend's mark therein."
Holmes eyed his brother suspiciously, but Mycroft was one of the few men he had difficulty reading. “You are up to something,” he said with certainty, for that much was obvious.
Holmes sniffed. "You should tell your constables to conduct themselves with better decorum, murder is hardly rare. I am confident that the murderer was known to the victim; that narrows our list of suspects quite substantially."
A moment later the thing shrieked in agony, Holmes' skull vibrating with the sound as it screamed and writhed in it's death throws.
Holmes found himself taut with anticipation. He immediately switched his internal thoughts from English to French, mostly to test whether or not the doctor’s claims were true, and if so, whether or not he could detect subtler things such as shifts in language. Did a vampire ‘hear’ the thoughts of mortals, or did they see images, or sense emotion? It was all quite fascinating.
"Your silence is answer enough" the vicar said mildly. "But do not worry. Once confession begins, you will see how easy it becomes to unburden your soul, and how welcome the release from earthly cares."
Holmes made no reply, because he did not yet have the data necessary to extrapolate an answer. They read on.
his hands, matches in his pocket-!" She got no further, swooning as her body succumbed to emotional strain, overcome.
But he would not. Watson knew this as surely as he knew the sun would rise. If Holmes were to do any of these things of his own volition, they would have been done already. Holmes was crafty, dangerous in his way and quite possibly deranged but he was fundamentally a man of his word. He would not move against Watson now unless the doctor's own actions demanded it. Fortunately, Watson had spent a century mastering his darker impulses; he was in no danger of making Holmes his enemy.
It was not hyperbole. Holmes had awakened something within him that had laid sleeping all these dark years, something that had not stirred even when he had been mortal, hot-blooded and alive. He had thought after so long a time, so many seasons passing by with the cobblestones wearing down beneath his feet...he thought he knew the world. Thought there was nothing new beneath the pale-glowing moonlight, no secrets hidden in the shadows.
Holmes' words had struck deeper than he’d likely intended. Watson had thought, perhaps, that out of all this he might find someone new to trust, another companion. After years of being on his own, Stamford’s simple friendship had been richer than diamonds, more welcome than blood. Watson had not realized how lonely he had been until he suddenly wasn’t anymore, and he had begun to hope at finding a similar comradery with Holmes. Instead he found a man who needed Stamford as badly as Watson had, too damaged and dark to survive in this world without Stamford’s shining light. And two damaged men could not hold one another up in the night.
Mycroft paused. "That is true enough, as long as you do not drink any more of his blood in the meantime. I do not currently plan to kill him, because I think he might be more useful alive...for the moment."
It was a challenge, certainly; his leg was still weak, the muscles and bone still mending. But he could hobble about a bit, so long as he was careful.
Behind them Sturgerson busied himself with his novel, eyes trained discreetly on the words in front of him and paying them no heed. It was hardly an ideal situation, but it was likely as close to privacy as they were going to get. That Mycroft would refuse to leave them alone together was a foregone conclusion.
"No," Holmes replied, "And are you certain your Master has not left his home after dark since then?"
"So the entertainment must be relevant? Or interesting enough to fully divest your attention from the case."
"You are not dead, and he has gone so far as to agree to let you visit again. That is as good an outcome as we could have hoped," Holmes reminded him.
"Blevins," he replied. "I were me Masser's falconer; kept his birds. Masser went off with the militia and didn’t come back, an' I were out a job."
She dipped her head lightly, a wan smile on her face. "Yes." She came fully into the room and sat down on one of the chairs. Montressor immediately began clucking over her, bringing her blankets and pillows, stoking the fire and finally moving off to the kitchen to make her tea.
"You should sleep," he advised, noting the exhaustion carved into the edges of the detective's face.
Jackson shrugged a bit helplessly. "There are things even we do not know about ourselves. As a doctor myself, I have studied my own physiology. Without an autopsy, I can only presume that my digestive system has changed dramatically from its original form in order to process the blood I consume. It is apparently highly efficient, as no waste products are formed."
Watson shook his head as he returned the kettle to its place. "I don't think so, no. There were a few who made the claim, but I didn't believe them."
. Real or imagined, the feelings are here between us. To deny them would bring us both torture. Stop trying to fight it, doctor, there is no point. Allow me at least the illusion of happiness before I return to my former state of melancholy."
"He's mad," Lestrade answered, shaking his head. "Going on and on about a fire...'spose that's the arson fire over in Cavendish. They've just put it out, I've heard. One victim, presumed to be the owner." He looked sad for a moment. “It was the new night coroner at the Yard, if you remember the fellow. A quiet man, from what the neighbors say. Kept to himself."
To his credit, the priest didn't deny it, this time. "Langley was trying to put all that behind him, and walk a more righteous path."
He bent to pick one up, the words ‘Ancient Alchemy’ printed in gold across the blood red leather. He glanced at the other books, unsurprised to find most of them relating to various religions, myths and the occult. On a rosewood table from the Indian region of Bengal stood a metal bowl surrounded by the same strange chalk pattern he had observed in the alleyway. Inside were the remains of burnt sage and cedar, the scent strong enough it had not yet faded from the room.
Watson smiled, and with his body flushed with blood he looked very human, his skin tinged a faint pink. "You can rest in the convalescence room, there's a comfortable bed there." He stood up and poured Holmes a second cup. "After you finish your tea, that is."
Watson smiled as he poured Holmes another drink, those lovely hands like living marble. "I would say my sleep has been light, but daylight forces the deepest slumber whether I wish it or not. Still, I would prefer somewhere more secure. But until such a place can be found, I would like to stay here."
Mycroft's eyes followed Holmes as he left the room, anger just held in check, tempered by the sadness in Holmes' words.
"What can you tell me of your visits to Doctor Jackson's practice?" he asked, because exchanging mindless pleasantries had never been his way - certainly not during an investigation.
But Lucy -- who had no memory of the incident and was therefore less affected than her husband -- interrupted softly. "Come now dear. The doctor was a mad man yes, but not a monster. Listen to Mr. Holmes." She stood up, holding onto her husband's arm.
Holmes scoffed. There were surely things Watson cared about less than Holmes' approval, but the list was undoubtedly a short one. "It hardly matters. I am here to ask you what you expect me to tell the police."
"Good man, though last time I was confident it ended rather badly; do take care." He shifted, ostensibly to redistribute the weight on his leg. "Now, when do you suppose I might have a look about the crime scene?"
to leave you at all, but your safety is my greatest desire.” He thought a moment. “Here then; I will scout the area tomorrow night. If there is no danger I can see, then I will come to you just before the sun rises.”
"It will serve the case far better in my hands than sitting in an evidence room," Holmes replied airily, not the slightest bit ashamed.
"One can never be quite certain how the Yard's incompetence will affect the back end of an investigation," Holmes explained. "All one can reasonably be certain of is that there will be incompetence. In this instance, they were not interested in asking questions."
"Photosensitivity is a rare but documented condition; it is often combined - and even the cause of - sleep disorders." He was not actively trying to disprove Watson's claim; not exactly. He was simply applying what he knew of science to what he observed before him and comparing the results. "You say you feast on blood?" he reached into the pocket of his robe and withdrew a magnifying glass, examining each of Jackson’s fingernails in turn. "What of other food and drink? And what of bodily fluids?" His movements became more animated as he spoke, mind latching onto the mystery before him with singular focus.
“I know your mind, Sherlock, and your heart. And I know too the self-destructive tendencies to which you are bent. This last half year a shadow has fallen over you. Understandable, but worrisome none the less.  It will not surprise
"I will put forth every effort to follow your instructions, and if I feel I cannot, I will at least tell you why."
Mycroft glowered. "And even that is a fate better than he deserves for doing this to you," he growled. "He would live; you shall not, if you cannot free yourself of his influence. He will drain you dry, and you will think it glorious to serve as his dinner."
Holmes calculated the possibility of attack and - despite having every reason to believe the man before him was unstable to a breathtaking degree - concluded that it was quite low. He stepped forward and took the proffered hand.
Holmes threw him a knowing smirk, dark triumph all over his face and Watson had to fight off a powerful urge to shove him up against the nearest wall.
“Holmes!” he whispered fiercely, not wanting his voice to carry too far, but the detective waved him off with an unsteady hand and that, too, was expected.
tell me you suspected a vampire? I certainly would have helped you, and this outcome could have been prevented entirely.”
"We had an agreement,” Holmes reminded. “I am willing to accept that my mind is not my own and that these feelings may be nothing more than illusion. I am also willing to forgo any blood sharing for the next few weeks while the thrall fades, and accept whatever lay at the end of it. But you must understand brother, there has been mercy in this mirage. The months since Stamford's death have been a waking hell and I have no desire to return to them. For the first time in many months, I am not haunted by guilt and regret. If it is an artificial peace, it is still peace and I am grateful for it as long as it lasts."
“But even the damnedest of lies have a foundation of truth, however deep one must dig to find it. Tell me brother, in your studies, what did you learn of psychics and the art of mentalism?”
The next few days at the church passed in an eerie sort of calm for the detective, akin to being suspended in the center of a vortex while all around him raged an unseen storm. Parishioners hurried by him without greeting, curates whispered to each other as he passed and Father Newman avoided him completely, removing himself from Holmes' proximity whenever they happened to meet, his mouth shriveled up like a raisin.
- is going to believe in vampires any more than you did at first?" To be truthful, Watson was not at all keen on the idea of bringing another mortal into the fold. Certainly not one who worked in parliament. It could bring a host of problems to Watson's door...but if Holmes was correct about all of this, he had a host of problems on his doorstep already.
"Indeed. I understand Blevins had only recently found work with the church;  if it is not too bold, might I inquire as to the nature of his duties?"
"You have rid the city of vampires; obviously not of their influence. You say it has been so for fifty years. What has happened in the mortal world since then? I speak in a general way, and specifically of England.
"Twice. Once before the thrall and once after. In the first instance, it was just before we staged his death. It had been too long since he'd fed and he was useless to me in such a condition; it was clear the only thing he could focus on was blood. I offered him a few pints of my own, enough to sustain him until we had concluded our business. It seemed blood freely offered was a better alternative than taking it from an unsuspecting victim, particularly as I was uncertain how strong his control over his darker half was. Fortunately for us both, he mastered himself quite well."
The smile shifted, became full of broken edges. “You must not have known him. Kramer was always saying odd things; he was an odd fellow.”
Holmes knew himself, knew that it should bother him, to be so overcome...but it did not. Thrall and all else aside, for the first time in many months his soul was at peace, unburdened by guilt and loss. He did not love Stamford any less than before, but the shadow that had fallen over him this last long half year had retreated beneath the blinding light of Watson’s presence. It was an unspeakable relief.
"I am sorry," he said again as the door slammed shut in his face. He didn’t know what he'd hoped to accomplish. He wandered about after that because it was too early for the fighting rings to be open, but the city held no distractions for him. No murderers lurked in foreboding alleyways, no blackguards with evil intentions crossed his path. For once the world was content to let him be, and he felt there was something deeply unfair about that.
Watson frowned deeply. "There are subsets of the church that believe in the occult- it is not unreasonable to think they might believe in vampires as well. He could be from one of those sects."
you’ve done, but I can tell the difference between thrall and whatever it is you two have managed to do to each other.”
"Indeed, sir," he replied, striding forward and setting a wrapped paper envelope upon the table where it would be within easy reach. "Inspector Lestrade bids me to remind you to be careful with them; they are very delicate." Clark was too much ruled by propriety to say anything against his superior, but Holmes could tell by the faint cadence of his voice how unnecessary he considered that particular warning. It was one of the lesser injustices of the world that Clark would likely never make Inspector himself, despite having a quicker mind than most of the men who held the title. His social status and Irish ancestry were both against him, and those counted for far more in the world than intelligence and acumen. A shame, really, but only one such shame in a thousand, and nothing to be done about it anyway so Holmes didn't spare a great deal of attention ruminating on it.
A brief glance around the flat revealed the detective was not at home. Watson was not unduly concerned. Holmes’ schedule was as eccentric as the man himself; heaven only knew where he had gone, what mischief he had involved himself in during the long hours Watson was obliged to remain insensible.
“You...mmph...you are...thinking too loudly again,” Watson said between kisses, as he pulled Holmes sneaking hands away from his waistcoat.
A small smiled played at the corner of Holmes' mouth. “Hmm, an impressive theory. What of the holes in Langley’s neck?”
"It narrows the field of scientific explanation; it does not dismiss it. That I cannot explain a scientific fact does not mean it is supernatural. However, you are making a compelling case for the later. What else do you have?"
Lestrade exhaled, much aggrieved. "Any hints that might help out with that? Strangers die in alleyways every day."
"I did," he replied, and from his shoulder-bag he pulled a thick, bound volume. "These appear to be the vicar's notes. He was meticulously organized when it came to his son’s feeding schedule.” His nose wrinkled faintly in disgust. “I did not read much of it, just enough to realize it was significant."
A wry smile brushed over Holmes’ too-pale lips, and he shot Watson a look that knocked the doctor's mind temporarily askew. “It would seem we are more alike than we care to admit.”
“Kramer?” Watson repeated in genuine confusion, and Mycroft shot his subordinate an unpleasant look.
"Had a bad night," Holmes said, struggling to his feet by balancing against the wall. “Spent the money the reverend gave me on drink.” He looked away in guilt, tattered sleeve rubbing at his eyes. “And when it were all gone I still wanted more, so...” his shoulders hitched around a sob and he reached into the faded saddle bag slung over his shoulder, pulling out the pilfered items.
“Higher than God?” Holmes queried and Newman answered, “Yes.” Then he smiled; an empty, cold thing that didn’t reach his deadened eyes.
"To see how far gone you are,” he replied, emptying his glass in one swallow and immediately filling it again.
He crashed through the door of the vicar's house in a  shower of wooden splinters and immediately took the stairs to his left, following the scent of fresh blood, the sound of voices - and he could
“It is very vivid,” Watson said admiringly. Most people had minds that were hazy and imprecise, thoughts like flittering clouds which came together and drifted apart with no real coherence beyond their immediate focus. Other times they appeared to him as long hallways that gradually trailed into the dark oblivion of forgetfulness. Holmes on the other hand...Watson had never encountered a mind so meticulously visualized; some of the shelves had
"Hmmm...particularly long cuspids are a genetic anomaly, affecting less than six percent of the population; I once wrote a monograph on the subject of teeth and the use of dental imprints in the investigation of crime. Yours however appear quite sharp. Naturally so; I can detect no groove upon the enamel that would indicate filing."
Holmes eyes cleared, growing sharp as he felt the weariness leave his limbs, slowly replaced with the squirreling energy that always infused him when a case reached its pivotal point. “Has he been taken into the clergy house?” he asked and the boy nodded.
Holmes was certainly right about that. Mycroft was mortal, but he was half the man his brother was he would still be a formidable adversary. At least for a vampire who disliked murder. "I would not," he admitted. "But I hope he will see that I have done more good for the city than bad."
Stymied at the church he reversed course and headed back to Baker Street, letting himself in with the quiet care of a burglar on the prowl and ghosting up the steps, feet finding the silent spaces where the floor boards didn’t creak.
In answer to Holmes questioning gaze he stood and moved to the far corner of the room, cold wall at his back. He closed his eyes, waited until the footsteps had nearly reached the door, then released his Will.
tell him what to do several times! Which of us is truly trying to control him?" Watson replied icily.
Watson arrived with the evening, took a seat and ordered a drink for the sake of appearances, glancing briefly around the room in search of Holmes. After a moment's observation Holmes' swaggered over with the lurching steps of a man used to the feeling of waves rolling under his feet. "Sure a toff like you could spare the coin to buy man a drink," he slurred, and Watson looked up at him with an untroubled gaze, nose wrinkling faintly in distaste.
“I don’t remember,” he said dismissively, because the truth was that he’d tended to avoid spending much time in his bed since Stamford died. He would sleep on the settee, or in the chair, or on the floor by the fireplace. But not the bed. Too many memories lingered there.
"A little," he answered, reaching past her for a bit of toast. "I don't imagine I shall be about much today- is that the paper? Excellent." He snatched it up.
The young man nodded in relief, hand over his mouth and made a less than dignified retreat, barely making it to the street before doubling over and retching loudly into the gutter. Holmes spared him no attention, turning back to the gruesome scene.
One thing was certain; Watson did indeed need to be protected during the daylight hours. Holmes suspected that were he to examine the ashy remains of the man’s home he would discover sleeping quarters in the cellar, somewhere protected from both fire and sunlight...to that end, Holmes himself could only assure one of the two.
“You are going to tell me it was not him,” Mycroft predicted as he threw a sheaf of papers down in front of his brother. Holmes sat slouched in front of the fireplace like a broken scarecrow, pulling lazily from the pipe tucked into the corner of his mouth. He had been at the Diogenes five days now, and tedium had begun to sink into his bones. He gave the documents a cursory glance, then returned his gaze to the fireplace, saying,
A tall, pale man stepped in with a purposeful stride. He wore a dated but nonetheless well-tailored suit of grey houndstooth under his coat and shoes that spared neither expense or polish. Leather riding gloves, a bowler hat and a mustache with not a hair out place painted the picture of a man of meticulous habit.
Jackson pulled his head back in surprise, but recovered quickly enough. "Of course," he acquiesced, baring his teeth once more. He looked predatory, less than human and Holmes had to admit he was becoming intrigued. He leaned in, examining the gleaming white fangs.
“Ought ta keep the parrot in the house,” Holmes mused, “He ain’t taking ta being out here with the doves.”
Watson had the idle fancy that if he were stripped of all reason, he could still find his way to Holmes by following that gentle, steady beat.
Watson was sorry for that; he couldn't explain the extreme whims he suddenly found himself subject to when it came to Holmes. He told himself it was duty. He told himself it was loyalty to Stamford.
The papers were thrown into a frenzy. For days the headlines were printed in blood, entire pages devoted to what they had affectionately nicknamed "The Marylebone Vampire" and for a time all London was abuzz with wild speculation. But the faster news traveled the quicker it passed, and after all, there was only so much sport to be had over a single murder. Eventually the papers moved on to other shocking delights, the rumors died down, and when people walked the streets at night they stared at their feet again, and not the rooftops.
“The story you gave Lestrade was a plausible one,” Mycroft rumbled, “but knowing the creature for what it was, I could not account for your having survived the encounter. If you were alive, it could only have been through very good luck. And you know I do not believe in luck, brother.”
That made him genuinely laugh, which was unfortunate because it hurt a good deal, lungs hitching their way through a spastic, broken chortle. "Oh, oh-ow. Oh please don't make me laugh so," he gasped. "It's excruciating."
Holmes started as well, shrinking back with a guilty look upon his face. "Sorry gov'nr!" he wailed, falling wretchedly to his knees. "I couldn’t stop meself..."
Of course, were he perfectly honest with himself, perhaps he simply didn’t like the fact that Watson knew more than he did, and liked even less that Watson knew that, too.
“It is the most likely explanation, given all evidence. He still has his pocketbook, watch and ring, thus it was not the work of a random thief. We already know it was not a vampire. The chalk markings and ceder tell us he was performing some sort of protective ritual, and the circle was large; enough so that two men might fit comfortably within. That he believed something was after him is beyond doubt, thus were he alone and in a hurry he would have made the circle small so as to save time. Then of course, there is the most damning evidence; not what was found on the body, but rather what was missing from it."
think Newman will begin abducting people again now I am gone, and Montressor arrested? He must believe he is safe." Watson sighed thoughtfully, looking out the window at the cobbled street below. "How are you feeling?"
Mycroft reacted as well, stiffening in his seat, nostrils flaring as he fought off the Order. After a moment he shook himself free, anger flashing across his face.
Holmes felt the foundation of his entire world shudder and he reeled, the revelation nearly bringing him to his knees as he staggered backwards to his chair. His bones felt like they were made of water; too weak and insubstantial to hold him and he collapsed onto the leather cushions, great noise in his head like a rushing river.
"Its practical applications are limitless in regards to criminology,” Holmes agreed, “though at the moment, I can only manage it to work on cotton."
“You will serve him too, in your own way. Just like this fellow...” he kicked the chained man, but there was no reaction. Newman looked down in mild curiosity, knotting his fingers in the stranger’s hair and lifting his head to peer at him. "Tch. Dead already? Such a shame; he is no use to us dead."
Mycroft took a long pull of his cigar before answering.  “It has many names. In German, it is “verbündete” In Dutch, it is referred to as “vertweelingzieling”, or “twin soul”. In English, it is simply called “bonding” or “the bond”. It is a rare phenomenon, occurring perhaps two or three times a century, and even among vampires, both it's origin and method remain shrouded in mystery.”
"When was the last time you fed?" He demanded. He was never more aware of the danger that was John Watson than now. Whatever was left of the man, he only barely had a hold on the monster tonight, and that grip was slipping.
"Perils." Watson looked thoughtfully at Holmes as the moonlight broke through a cloud to shine like silver on his raven hair, haloing him with a soft glow. For a moment he looked disastrously beautiful, a work of art painted by some forgotten master. "Aside from your work, what other perils are there surrounding you, Holmes?"
“I haven’t told you a number of things,” he replied honestly, “nor do I intend to at the moment. There is far too much to do and very little time to do it; it benefits nothing to stand about chin-wagging. Come now, take this blood, pour it about your surgery downstairs.”
“Yes, and you said in the morgue whoever killed Kramer might try targeting my patients next.” Watson covered his eyes with a pale hand, shielding Holmes from his sight and the detective became keenly aware that
His brother’s face darkened again. They’d had that argument too, in times past. Quite often in fact.
Holmes hadn’t said much of anything at all, sitting there watching Watson with his dark eyes aglitter, smug shape to his mouth that suggested he knew something Watson didn’t. Watson couldn’t bear it when Holmes’ looked smug, wanting to both punch and kiss the look from his face with equal fervor. Unable to do either, he vented instead.
“That you must prepare for war. The sire of the vicar’s son is coming, and he will not be alone. If we do not stand together, I fear London will fall.” He then told his brother the whole of the story, from his first meeting with Watson to his last, omitting only the personal details which would only disquiet his brother further, and which Holmes had no desire to share in any case.
"You have a secure place to sleep already," Holmes told him offhandedly. "Somewhere underground, near the river I wager. I have not and will not ask for particulars; such information is dangerous to us both."
Holmes winced internally. He knew what Mycroft was doing, of course, because in his brother's place he would do the same. That did not mean he enjoyed bearing witness to it.
"Mister Holmes, I cast my suspicions in the kindest light possible. I do not wish to believe members of our congregation are hiring people to kill each other."
The door clicked shut behind him and Jackson led them into a comfortable exam room with a low bed, a desk and two agreeable looking chairs.
Thralls, it was explained, were frequently used as messengers between one vampire and another. Eating the messenger was generally considered rude but not unforgivable and in some instances it was expected, most notably in whatever rituals seemed to pass for courtship among vampires. It was considered a precursor to “lovemaking” for vampires to send each other thralls that contained the sender’s blood,  which was to be drunk by the receiver. If they approved of the taste, it was customary to drain the thrall completely, akin to ‘cleaning one’s plate’, so to speak. To drink without killing was considered a rejection of favor.
And yet, he could not shake the small but persistent voice in the back of his mind that told him something was terribly wrong.
“Are there other preternatural creatures besides vampires who could have killed Mr. Kramer? It would make sense that the church, having failed to be rid of you using human hands, might turn to other, more fantastical methods."
His ploy was to keep the vicar distracted. He had already formulated three possible methods of escape, but the most likely required he wait until Newman was conscious and somewhat on his feet, when Deighton had – hopefully – spared a breath of attention for his injured accomplice. Then Holmes would-
"I do not know where he sleeps, but he is the least of your concerns. You are aware, are you not, that the vicar who died had a son who was a vampire?”
"Hmmm?" He surfaced, and for a moment it wasn’t Watson's voice in his ears. He fought down a sudden pang; the road was steep and slow but he was getting marginally better at ignoring such things. "I don’t remember," he said gruffly, then turned his attention back to the beaker. Dull yellow...what did that mean? He'd written it down...he went in search of his research notes.
"What?" Mycroft said, blinking. "Say that again... you're his thrall, his tool. He doesn't think of you as anything other than a puppet to be used and discarded at his leisure."
He sat heavily in a chair, legs collapsed beneath him and eyes still on the doctor. Watson followed him like an arrow to its mark, staring down at him in open desire.
"Good morning," Holmes replied, not taking his hand because he rarely did, "my name is Sherlock Holmes, and I am a detective." His face he was careful to keep out of the papers. His name however was well known in connection with the police. He watched for a reaction.
"I can make him dream of fire," Watson had said, and Holmes had allowed it because he saw the prudence in such a maneuver, and he was every inch the bastard he felt like.
Infuriating, impossible man. But Watson could not argue with the logic of it, and Holmes' knowing look said he was aware of it.
kill while feeding, I killed because he gave me no choice; I simply didn't let the blood go to waste."
"Much obliged," Holmes replied, nodding his head and touching the edge of his cap with a grubby finger. "What else ye want me ta do?"
"No indeed; I came to the Yard as soon as I had his identity, as I think we can agree there are better men suited to that particular task."
Holmes looked back at him with genuine curiosity, “Why would you care?” and Watson answered instantly, “Because Stamford cared.”
“Are you well, Jacob?” Deighton called, and was greeted with another groan. “You were right; Mister Holmes has returned to the scene of his most recent crime. My apologies for doubting you.”
There was a different constable on watch with a different paper, this one proclaiming itself to be an evening edition.
Holmes gave a careless shrug that made the corners of Watson's mouth crimp together in irritation. “They are also still mortal. I imagine a bullet will be effective enough of a deterrent.”
The helpful girl bobbed her head. "Aye, it's there by the wall. Is it a spell yer after?" she asked curiously, watching as he rubbed a bit of chalk dust onto his finger and pressed it to his tongue.
Impossibly, Jackson's smile grew wider, white fangs glinting at the edges of his pale lips. "Come in," he said, moving aside and holding open the door.
"Then my instruction is the same it was a week ago; if I am gone longer than a night, seek me out in the clergy house cellar. If I require your assistance I will try to send word before then, but there may not be time."
Mycroft heaved a great sigh and busied himself with a drink as Holmes watched him and Watson watched Holmes. Presently he began to speak; that low, thrumming baritone filling the space between them.
"There is a great deal of speculation in the papers surrounding your rescue from the church,” he pronounced in a staid tone. “Foolish of you to rush in, you ended up saving no one."
"It may be for the best that you do not," he replied, instructing Watson to bring him a pen and paper. "In fact, you may wish to for us to quit each other's company entirely, for the thrall's duration. You may keep an eye on me still, if you think it necessary, but the less of you I see the better overall. I cannot reveal what I do not know."
It was a somewhat cluttered space; not quite as disastrous as his own but the man had clearly been a bachelor as well as a profound bibliophile. Several cases of books lined one wall, with more of them piled on the floor and table and anywhere else room could be found.   Holmes walked over to a sturdy looking wardrobe, opened it and was unsurprised to find it crammed with more books again, several falling loose of the pile and tumbling down to his feet.
A lone candle burned on the table beside him, throwing half his face into shadow. He looked unwell, eyes feverish in the flickering light and a rash of stubble over his cheeks. If anything, he looked worse than when Watson left him the night before. He watched quietly for a few minutes, enraptured by Holmes' pyretic intensity, a sudden and unexpected cynosure. Then he spoke softly, as one might address a startled animal.
London, as Dickens had noted, was indeed a tale of two cities. A churning, smoking, vivid metropolis that put on display all the great wealth that came pouring into the empire from every corner of the globe: silks from China, fur from Russia, jewels and herbs from the jungles of Africa, and gold from South America were but a few of its many luxuries. It was a dazzlingly prosperous and modern city, whose staggering wealth was matched only by its depthless poverty. The hungry, sunken faces that huddled in the alleyways and swarmed like rats through the rookeries of the East End. The forgotten masses who toiled in the factories and coal mines, carving out a lean and wretched existence beneath the umbra of grandeur.
The figure pulled back slightly to peer up at him, but Holmes couldn’t make much of him through the pea soup fog. The vague outline of suit and hat...a gentleman then.
"I'm sorry," he said yet again. The last person he'd apologized to so profusely had been Stamford himself, though the man had no longer been alive to hear the words... Watson pushed that thought quickly away. "What are you planning to do now?"
He found Holmes’ inner landscape to be a fascinating dichotomy of equal parts frenetic chaos and ridged discipline. Chaotic because of the constant assault it was under; every sight, every sound, every smell coming to him in startling clarity. He had no filter at all, no ability to ignore the world around him. He was open and receiving at all times, and the sheer volume of information that came pouring in from every direction would surely have driven lesser men mad.
Holmes shook his head. "The correct answer is 'being observed'. Why did the creature that visited you choose you, specifically, and not the other men who lay dying around you? Is it perhaps because you were fighting to save lives rather than take them? We know only one thing about the one who sired you, and that is she shunned vampiric society as much as you do now."
"I should like to examine the church next," said Holmes, and on it went. He was shown to all the public places he asked to see; it was only when he requested a tour of the clergy house itself he met his first resistance.
Watson blinked. “I- haven’t really had much difficulty ‘holding’ it,” he protested. “Whoever these vampires are sending, they must not be sending their best.”
The priest gave him an indulgent smile. “Perhaps you are right. As I said, my knowledge of such creatures is limited.” Newman showed him where was stored everything he would need to clean and care for the birds, then left him to himself.
Watson paused, taken slightly aback, his initial pleasure at seeing Holmes evaporating in wake of the detective's obvious ill-humor. As a vampire his skin did not flush, but he felt embarrassed all the same, and coupled with the feeling came one of annoyance that Holmes could engender such a reaction in him in the first place.
“If you can manage them so handily, I wonder why you bothered asking for my help. What have you to fear from the constabulary if you can simply Order them away?”
"An unbreakable bond," Sturgerson added, "at least, according to all research...though there is not much to be had. Bonding is a very closely kept secret among vampires."
The writing was small, and Gaelic was not one of his stronger languages. As such, it was several hours of tedious searching before he found what he was looking for, the sketch no larger than his thumbnail, but unmistakable. A tower encircled by two serpents...
Watson found himself reaching for Holmes, wanting to offer comfort...but what comfort was to be had from the cold, dead hands of a vampire? “I could go to the Yard-” he began, but Holmes cut him off.
Holmes considered that, scratching absently at his cheek. He was acutely aware that he was the proverbial lamb lying down with the lion, but he had little choice. Watson was right in the thick of this thing, and he needed someone with Watson's insight and knowledge to help navigate this bizarre underworld. Dangerous as Watson might be - and he was very dangerous, there was no mistaking that - it would be far more so to work the case without him. In any respect Stamford had trusted him, and he had trusted Stamford. With his life, even.
As he scrubbed the lye soap over his hard skin he had a moment of clarity, identifying the feeling inside himself at last. He had thought it was anger. He had thought - he had thought himself incensed by Holmes, embittered over Stamford's death. This, he realized with no small amount of chagrin, was not the case.
Somewhat surprisingly, Holmes relented. “Very well, you may remain, so long as you are gone before anyone wakes. And yes, the pain is...quite acute."
Holmes didn’t react to that; he simply turned away and headed for the stairs. He didn’t want or require Jackson’s empathy or understanding, and he didn’t care what this man - creature - thought of him or his human drama. He could show himself out once he was finished sporting.
Mycroft looked unhappy, but Mycroft always looked thus, a near permanent glower forever etched into his face. “No. Your meeting was nothing more than coincidence. I was investigating Kramer’s death myself; it was of interest to certain individuals whom I work with.”
For a moment Deighton’s voice grew unbearably gentle. “You poor man. What did Jackson promise you, that you put yourself so completely in his power? Money? Long life?” He shook his head. “Lies, my child. All lies. You will never be free of his dark curse until he is destroyed. Even now, after he has betrayed you, you still keep his secrets. Why? Let us help you; tell us where he sleeps. Confess and the Lord will forgive you, welcome you with open arms.”
"It is, it - it definitely is, my friend," Watson said, his voice shaking slightly. "I did what I could to ease the pain. Some of my blood in the wound. It will heal more quickly, and without infection."
Watson's hands stilled and he felt a momentary flash of embarrassment. "It can be most enjoyable," he agreed, keeping his head down, his movements precise. "I usually ensure my patients are unaware of exactly what is happening, but I admit I do not erase their memories of the pleasure it brings them. Repeat clients are a dependable resource."
“Away! Away from London...” he pulled a white handkerchief from his pocket and mopped at his brow. “I won’t stay here another night. Not one more night!" He muttered nonsense to himself as he shuffled about behind the till, emptying the drawer of the day's income. "You should go too," Montressor said, looking up at him, eyes large as tea saucers. "London is no longer safe; it is plagued by demons!"
. I am telling you now, if you take this chance you are not likely to survive it." He paused, swallowed and continued, "I-I consider you a friend. Please..." but the words refused to be spoken, shriveling to dust on his lips.
Mycroft made a displeased sound in the back of his throat. “Then make certain no more ‘accidents’ befall you while this book is in your care. It took over twenty years to complete and if it is damaged, I will let my friend take an equal number of years from your life.”
Holmes stared at him hard and then turned away with a shake of his head, as if finding Watson lacking. "You are offended, but that is because you misunderstand me. I am not suggesting you are a mindless drone, overrun and helpless, without free will or thought of your own. Clearly you are not. What I am saying is that there is
Holmes had been carefully studying the faces in the room. Most of them were tense, glowering and suspicious. Watson was their mortal enemy, and it their moral duty to dispatch him. Only Sturgerson seemed to be listening with genuine interest.
"Perhaps," Holmes replied, appearing to give the notion consideration, fingers resting thoughtfully against his lips. "But this is only the most recent disappearance. The numbers are imprecise; the destitute are by nature transient, a quality that makes them nearly impossible to track but I believe there have been as many as half a dozen such disappearances in the area within the last few months. “
"You look better," she agreed as she stepped inside, setting the tea tray down and fixing him a cup, unaware he was perfectly capable of doing so himself. She tutted at him as he took it from her one handed. "Poor dear... If you need anything just let me know. I'll likely tolerate you for a week, at least."
But for all of that, he would feel a certain amount of relief at the end of it. He didn’t like that Holmes’ mind was not his own; that he was so completely dependent upon Watson to guide him. And yet, Watson couldn’t help feeling a similar loss of self, for he certainly held Holmes’ desires and wishes above his own.
Holmes had paid the final words no heed, long used to his brother's brusque manner. “Well, that went better than I had feared. I do believe he's warming up to you."
She gasped, the hand on his arm trembling as her body told him what her lips could not. She opened her mouth to deny it but Holmes cut her off, saying, "Madam, you have already attempted to deceive me once this evening, please do not make a habit of it."
“Mycroft resisted your Order,” he said presently, after Watson had collected himself a bit. “He may be able to instruct me in the art of it. If we are to fight these creatures, such a talent would be invaluable.”
you blithering idiot!” Of all the ludicrous, preposterous...the man was mad! Utterly insane, and that same voice in the back of his head reminded him that he’d known that already. Why else would he have invited a vampire to stay with him at Baker Street?
Mycroft was indeed watching, a heavy glower on his face and Watson felt some of his ardor wilt beneath that flinty gaze. Holmes had been right; his brother was not a man to be trifled with, and apparently the ability to make him feel like a naughty schoolboy was a talent that ran strong in the Holmes’ line. He cleared his throat.
Watson hoped the man would stop there, but of course things never seemed to go the way he wished them to when Holmes was around.
Holmes closed is eyes against another onslaught of guilt as the officer wrestled Montressor back under control. "I will stay with the lady," he said, his voice rough. "Until a neighbor can be found to come to her aid."
"I ended up saving whoever would have come after me," Holmes countered, and Mycroft gave a judgmental grunt.
"What reaction could she make? He had enchanted her, bewitched her! I've looked at her arm – there's only one mark, not two."
"It is quite all right, Jacob," Father Deighton interjected, regaining his composure. "Mister Holmes is doing no more than the Lord has tasked him with." He offered Holmes an apologetic smile. "Forgive Brother Newman his temper," he said. "He is young and bold, and thinks only of my welfare. Please, if you have questions about Langley, I will hear them and answer as best I can, though I have spoken already to the police."
"Let me make myself rightly understood: London is as much my city as it is yours. I have pledged my life to its defense, and I do not pledge myself lightly. It is now shadowed by a threat as great as any it has known. Where else should I be, if not here? I
Knowledge was his weapon of choice, and he knew better than to meet an adversary empty handed. He needed facts, and he did not entirely trust Doctor Watson to provide them.
"For the same reason he employs only one servant, and she is not allowed to stay past dark." Another long moment passed as Watson tried to piece together whatever riddle had just been handed to him, but Holmes took pity on him at last. "Parrots are mimics, Watson. They imitate the sounds around them, often to an uncanny degree. And Father Newman cannot afford any witnesses. Not even the vicar's bird."
"I concur. The longer Mycroft is left waiting the more anxious he will become. I am sorry for this; I did not know of his true profession."
"We cannot know that," Watson countered, but Holmes merely cracked his knuckles at him, small explosions like fireworks.
"No," Watson said thoughtlessly, "he said you only wandered blindly when you knew he was there." The effect on Holmes was immediate. The detective went cold, a heavy portcullis crashing down behind his eyes, locking Watson out.
Mrs. Hudson watched him in open surprise as he carved off a small portion of dinner and withdrew to his rooms. It wasn’t much, a few bites to keep him going and on his feet. He'd never much bothered with such things before, but he was trying. For Stamford's sake.
"No, my work on this case is decidedly pro bono. However, like you I occasionally employ the destitute to help me in small endeavors, and they are often an excellent source of information. I know many of them in this area and their movements are visible to me while they go unnoticed by the general public. I did not know Mister Blevins personally but his disappearance was brought to my attention. I find the fact his coat was found while the man was not to be highly suspicious. It is still cold this time of year; a man with so little would not have left it behind."
“Any ideas?” the Inspector asked him, eyeing the roof again. Holmes replied “Several,” then left, leaving Lestrade staring after him, mouth opening and closing in helpless frustration.
He had intended to open the letter immediately of course, but upon entering his rooms he instantly went on guard, instincts keyed up and senses keen. Things were not as he had left them. Someone had been there, and it was not Mrs. Hudson. He narrowed his eyes, scanning the cluttered parlor for signs of disturbance. The state of his living space was such that no one should be able to find anything at all, let alone perceive if anything had been tampered with. But to Holmes, everything was in it's place; even if the place was an unconventional one.
