Dean and Prosper were already seated and waiting for them by the time they arrived. Prosper noticed them first, her head turning toward them, her ears tipping forward. Dean looked up a second later. He rolled his shoulder at them, halfway between a greeting and a command to join him.
He was blaming it on his third beer, and on the way his and Sam's feet bumped companionably beneath Bobby's desk. And on how Prosper and Temperance were sitting together in front of the nearby window, nosing each other in an affectionate back and forth tussle. And on how, for fucking once, Dean somehow had all his favorite people gathered together in one place. He could hear Bobby and Delia in the other room, muttering to each other as they searched for something. In front of him, in the kitchen, Jo and Ellen were doing their damnedest to get Cas drunk.
. This was quickly followed by irritation, then a swirl of betrayed anger, enough that Prosper considered leaving her position and going to find them, but she felt Dean brush it off, a weight that he didn't need to carry, keeping only the essential things. Prosper forced her attention away, back to guarding their flank.
"Bollocks," Crowley said flatly. "Oversized bleeding hearts, the lot of you." He looked at Rowena. "Well, Mother? The cage hasn't been the same since the Darkness was set loose. Can it be done?"
"You look like an omnivore, Dean, which means the big scary greens can't hurt you," Sam said. Cas came through the door, and Sam's sour expression brightened. "Hey, Cas."
He thought, and then his hands burst through the surface of the earth, grasping, searching, and he felt her, the wet brush of her nose, her sharp, frantic teeth against his palm and the back of his hand.
"Uh." Dean craned his head to look around them, toward the door. "Yeah, I guess it is." His mouth was swollen from kisses, from the touch of Castiel's mouth.
"Probably the one night of my life I need to wake up with my head on straight, and here you are." He looked over at Kairos, Ellen's jackrabbit dæmon. "Was she always like this?"
"No, I carved it into your ribs." Castiel lifted a hand to Temperance. "I apologize for this. I understand that it's...uncomfortable for you both."
"They didn't try to find you," Cas said, after a long moment of silence. He sighed heavily, resignedly. "I can't say I understand their reasoning, but I'm sure that they -"
"Cas." That was all he managed to get out. He stepped closer, and Cas stepped closer, and they stood there with less than an arm's length between them and stared at each other.
"Okay," Nomi said, wringing her paws nervously. "Do it." Cas moved slowly, telegraphing the movement of his hand to Kevin and Nomi, until his middle and index fingers came to rest on the top of her head. Dean moved closer, watching warm light shine out through Nomi's red fur as Cas closed each sharp small wound. A violent shiver moved through Nomi, maybe in reaction to the sudden loss of pain, maybe in reaction to Cas' touch, and then Cas was lifting his hand away with an apologetic grimace. He looked at Kevin, turning his hand over to show an open palm.
"Certainly it can be done," Rowena said. She had a gleam in her eye that Dean didn't trust. "The Archangel Michael," she sighed, almost dreamily. "I wonder if his presence is as commanding as his brother's." God, she was twirling a finger through her hair, someone shoot Dean now.
Jack nodded. "Heaven should be a source of happiness and peace. But it should also be a place where its residents can safely change and grow, if that's something they desire. I don't want you, of all people, to feel..." He drifted off, as if searching for the right word.
"Yeah, and where did that get us? Look at what he did to Sammy. Look at the freaking mess he left us with!"
"Nothing. He was just being stupid." He pulled the carcass off his shoulder as they started walking, grimacing as he looked it over. "Ugh. The hell is this thing?"
Castiel nodded, his lungs and heart seeming to expand beyond his chest. The snake dæmon launched herself from Jack's shoulder, Dust-laden, shifting. She was a bird now, small and blue, and she flew straight into Castiel's chest and changed again, became a warm, eagerly wiggling puppy in his arms.
"You're gonna get hair and shit all over the suit," he groused, stepping around her. "C'mon, let's go talk to this deputy." Prosper followed after him. At least they were talking to each other, she tried to reassure herself. Barely a year ago they hadn't been able to manage even that. They would be okay, eventually. If they survived the night, and then the apocalypse. And if they got Sammy and Temper back.
"Long day at the office?" Dean asked him once, when Cas appeared on the grass beside him looking more worn down than usual. It wasn't even a joke, that was literally what everyone called the portion of heaven where the angels congregated. Bobby was the only one Dean knew who had actually been there.
"Don't worry, he's on my list too," Dean said, with a dark certainty that made Prosper's hackles raise, made her want to back away. "After he's outlived his use."
Castiel's jaw tightened; he glanced toward the now-empty steps. He looked back at Prosper, burnt-eyed. "I thought you were dead. I thought I had failed in the one thing you asked of me before you died."
There was the soft thud of heavy paws, the flash of something long and lean, a pale shadow in the moonlight, and then Lucifer was on the ground, struggling to twist to his back, one elbow thrust behind him in an attempt to dislodge -
"It's a sport," Dean said defensively. He looked around, his expression openly harassed; somewhere over the past year he had become less adept at maintaining his stoic mask. "Keep an eye on them," he muttered to Prosper, shoving past Mark and into the kitchen.
They only stayed long enough to build a pyre for Kelly's remains, to stand together and watch it burn.
"No shit." He watched her out of the corner of his eye and almost didn't ask. "So what changed your mind?"
"You can take one of the beds," he told Jack, watching him as he turned in a slow circle, staring curiously at the blue lamp in the shape of a woman's nude torso on the nightstand, the plastic plant on the coffee table. "I don't sleep."
"Who do you think you're talking to right now?" Really, of all the beings between heaven and hell, to try to lie to
"Verna," the dæmon replied matter-of-factly. They didn't say anything else to each other. But then, Prosper never had much to say to strangers.
"It's a stupid risk," Dean had muttered, not looking at Prosper as he shook in a layer of goofer dust, although Prosper didn't imagine a hellhound would bother to use the doggy door if it came for them. Behind them, Baby's trunk was propped open, a gaping question.
It was true that a preponderance of evidence made it very apparent that Dean no longer desired any further form of intimacy from them. Constant's only source of proof to the contrary came from the events of a single night, a night that Constant had spent with Prosper, leaving Castiel and Dean with the Impala and wandering together across the plain. Prosper had talked on and on, in a way that she very rarely did, in a way that she only seemed capable of when she was at her happiest, sharing stories and anecdotes on a range of topics. Constant had largely listened, to the playful quality of her excitement, her depth of feeling, the refrain of love that seemed to run through every story she told about Sam and Temperance, or Bobby and Delia, or even, despite everything, John and Clementine. At the same time, he had also been aware of Castiel, of his confusion, his disbelief. The growing dizziness of his gratitude. When Dean dropped them off at the Gas-N-Sip the next morning, Castiel had been quiet, still stunned, his thumb pressing incessantly along his bandaged hand. And whenever he looked at Constant, he had smiled, blissfully stupefied.
"Would you quit complaining?" He pushed away from her, climbing back to his feet and snatching up the empty glass.
The brothel was a cornucopia of scents: piercing sharp notes of liquor, the full, fecund aroma of sex and arousal. The nose-tingling confliction of too many perfumes in too small a space, the sweet-warm yeasty smell of the beers Dean had ordered for himself and Castiel. Enough layers to keep her engaged all night, and then there was Castiel, his nervous sweat smell overwhelming his natural barely there scent. Prosper hadn't realized he could actually sweat, much less could produce it in reaction to a new environment.
" - but, a coyote, you know?" He made a face, waggled his hand in a vacillating motion. "Kinda smaller than I was hoping for. And they don't hunt alone." They were speaking in hushed tones, huddled together on the bed.
"What are they doing?" Castiel asked. He was staring intently at the road ahead of him as he drove, his hands set at 'ten and two', as Sam had called it, or, in Dean's more colorful language, 'pinched-ass old lady position.' He wouldn't look himself, was convinced doing so amounted to an act of blatant recklessness.
. Like, a not human sort of beautiful. It was only an instant, and there was way too fucking much to take in, but the main impression that Dean was left with was of wings, and more than two of them, all feathered in fire. And not fire like Dean understood fire, something that needed to be fed, something that roared and consumed. This was the kind of living light that could guide or smite a guy, blind him or show him each individual color contained within. The wings were pulled tight around something beneath, obscuring it, keeping it contained, and as bright and burning as they were they didn't hold a candle to whatever they were wrapped around. It was like comparing a star to a firefly's ass. And Dean wanted - he wanted to reach out, grab hold of those blazing feathers, part them so he could see - see
Hannah looked momentarily nonplussed, then recovered, smiling tightly and glancing at Castiel. "Technically, I only asked that he punish Dean."
Days later, Prosper lay with her head on Dean's thigh as he sat on the bunker's kitchen floor, pleasantly drunk and almost perfectly happy. They were alive, after all, and they had found Sam and Temperance and settled the whole British Men of Letters issue, for the moment a least. The bunker was cavernous, but with both Mary and Cas here it almost felt homey.
"Castiel is my father," Jack said, looking back and forth between Sam and Michael with a puzzled expression.
For a while they didn't speak at all, just stood together and stared. Dean didn't know jack about stars or constellations, and he sure as hell didn't have the vocabulary to describe the awed, awful feeling that always came over him whenever he took the time to do this. Let himself slow down, let himself feel okay about feeling small, not fighting against anything for just a couple minutes. Thankfully he didn't have to even think about articulating any of that to Cas; after all, the guy had probably been around for their formation. If anyone could understand how miniscule a human life could feel in comparison to all that, it was a former angel.
"I was selfish," Castiel said grimly, staring at Sam's hand where it was splayed out across the representation of North America. "And for what? Metatron still escaped with the tablet." He watched Sam's finger tap hesitantly along the amorphous border of the United States and Canada.
Prosper took her time answering, keeping one ear on Dean and Mary in the front seat. Dean was telling her about Sammy and Temper, how smart he was, the smartest kid in any class he walked into, how she had settled earlier than most. "I just can't believe it," she said eventually. "Feels like it couldn't possibly be real. You can probably relate," she joked weakly.
"Okay, but - " Dean's voice was also strange, rough, mere shades away from shaking. "I'm not - do you even - "
"I thought you'd be shorter," she said as she pulled back. She looked over her shoulder at Enzo. "Is he kinda tall?"
Jack was quiet, staring at his mother's body with a wondering sort of sadness, Juniper beside him in the form of a wolf-pup. Sam had tried to offer him a set of spare clothing, but they had turned out to be far too large, so Jack was now dressed in a gray shirt and worn pair of jeans that Dean, under surprisingly great duress, had reluctantly loaned him. Castiel had nothing but his presence to offer Jack in comfort, but Sam, fortunately, stood at Jack's side in front of the pyre and spoke to him quietly about funerals and the purpose they served the grieving.
"Okay, hey," Sam said suddenly, lifting his hands out in a calming gesture. He was eyeing Temperance warily, glancing back and forth between her and the door. "Maybe we should just - "
"Let me think," Castiel groused, shrugging his shoulder irritably; his dæmon gave a low, croaking laugh. What was an angel, beyond a servant and warrior of God? What should an angel aspire to be? He thought of Sam, of Dean, of the way he had felt in his most certain moments spent in their company. Watching over them as they slept, guarding them in battle. What he had believed himself to be.
Dean's eyes narrowed, his shoulders bunching. Years of friendship, and Castiel still couldn't reliably predict his reactions.
"We'll be fine," Neco assured Prosper, stretching up to bump his face against hers. The soft purr of his voice, how easy he had always been to talk to. "Like Lisa said, you're a hunter, and that's not a bad thing to be."
"Yeah, you did, 'cause I had already gotten you killed." He pulled back just enough to look him in the eye, keeping his hold on him. "Me dying isn't on you, Cas, it's on me. You dying, on the other hand. That one's on me too." Cas shook his head, his lips pressed tight, his eyes pained. Dean shifted a hand up to grab at the back of his neck, cupping it, awkward and too rough. "Look, you're an idiot, I'm an idiot, and somehow we're both in heaven. Well, not somehow, it's 'cause of Jack."
"Of course," Cas said slowly, heavily, leaning his head back against the counter and returning his attention to the toes of his shoes. "Anything. You know that, Dean."
"Awesome," he said, stepping away, flat-mouthed, hard-eyed. "So what're you doing out here, then? Come back inside and have a beer." Castiel watched him visibly wrestle against something, the Mark perhaps, or accusing words he had every right to speak but chose not to. "It ain't every day we get both you and Charlie dropping in," he said instead, reaching out to clamp an implacable hand down on Castiel's shoulder, a sign that excuses or attempts to decline would not be accepted. His fingers dug in, nothing like the prickling feel of Constant's talons, and yet...
Prosper lingered behind with Cas as Dean led Mary and Gallant up the steps and into the garage. Cas stopped when she stopped, his arms hanging heavily at his sides, his head tilting in silent question as he stared down at her.
"Whoa," Dean said, raising a hand, blinking in surprise at Castiel's abrupt movement. "Where's the fire?"
"There's a man using it," Constant said. Then, with growing asperity as Castiel continued walking. "Castiel. He's a very large man."
"Perfectly, though I admit I don't understand how." He spread his wings, as if in demonstration of his well-being. Prosper growled happily, dragging her nose along his primaries.
"So, uh." Dean stepped back, settling himself down into the upholstered chair beside his bed. Prosper jumped up to join him, and Dean shifted so that she could lay her head and front paws across his leg. Castiel watched his hands move through her fur as he spoke. "How'd it go up top? The other angels treat you alright?"
Sam waited until they had peeled away from the Roadhouse, watching it grow smaller in the side mirror. Then he turned to Dean. "I was visiting Rowena."
Castiel looked up; his arm lifted. Constant landed on his wrist, wrapped his talons around bone and flesh. It was like touching a stranger.
"We're not just gonna leave them in there, are we?" Temperance asked, twisting her head to watch the diner as they crossed the street.
"You shouldn't be here," Castiel said, straightening, his hands finding his pockets. "We still have orders to kill you."
"I want you to love me back," she said, some of that old, frantic desperation rippling under her words, taking root in his chest.
So it hadn't gone so bad, being honest. It had felt fucking awful, but look at where it had gotten them. Maybe if...fuck that,
"Yes." Try as he might, he couldn't bring himself to say more. Under different circumstances Castiel thought that he would like Charlie and Enzo immensely, would enjoy the swiftness of their thoughts, their obvious brilliance, tempered with empathy. Dean loved them; that alone was reason enough. But now, watching Enzo settle on Charlie's shoulder, scarlet and viridescent, all Castiel was aware of was the strange taste in the back of his throat, bitter and black. He answered them as best he could, about Dean, about her injuries. When the door opened again, revealing Prosper and Dean, Castiel was almost relieved.
"Our Father's gift," Michael said, after a long moment of considering silence. "Very well." He drew himself up, surveying the room's inhabitants as if looking over an ill-disciplined, poorly performing garrison. "Has he exhibited his powers?"
"So go ahead," he continued on, forcing his way past vaguely formed thoughts about how royally fucked he must be to have caught the attention of something that could make a demon so openly terrified, "Send me back. But don't come crawling to me when they show up on your front doorstep with some Vaseline and a fire hose."
Three brothers faced one another in a quiet cemetery as the sun burned itself down in the west. Two of them were meant to be here, while the other was an intruder. Castiel knew nothing else, beyond that one clear thought.
Michael turned his head slowly to regard Castiel, the chill touch of his grace, the weight of his judgement. "You," he said emotionlessly.
"I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition," the man answered, low-voiced and deeply graveled, like the warmest rumbling of an engine, like all the sound was coming directly from the depths of his chest and bypassing his throat entirely.
Despite the fact that Dean often accused her of dwelling too much on ancient history, there were plenty of things from the past few years that Prosper didn't care to think about.
"Cas," Dean said, after Castiel had touched him and Prosper both with his grace, restoring their flesh and ridding of them of their physical pain, "are you God?"
Dean was sleeping, curled up on his side and pressed close against her, shivering only slightly in the cold. In Purgatory, the heat soared during the day only to plummet at night. Somewhere behind them, deeper in the hollow of trees that they were sheltering in, Benny was running his thumb along the edge of his blade, a rhythmic back and forth, while Evangeline dozed beside him. In a few hours they would switch, Dean keeping watch with Evangeline while Prosper and Benny slept, because Dean still didn't trust the vampire enough to sleep in true shifts. Prosper tended to agree with him.
He reached out, not with his hands, but with something, some integral part of himself. His gift from the Lord. He touched them, Daphne and Viridius, Viridius and Daphne. Two bodies, two wills, one spirit. They were complete, and beautiful.
Prosper tilted her head up, pushing her nose against the side of his hand. "What are we going to do about Sam?"
Seeing as he knew exactly where she was, it didn't take him long. Dean pushed the door to Cas' room open (who the hell was he kidding, Cas never used it, it was just another room), and she lifted her head from the bed.
"Sam's missing, Charlie." The words burst right out of him, a levee breaking. Charlie wouldn't stand around and give him a goddamn physics lesson, Charlie would
"Thank you," Cas said, watching Dean with one of his considering, edging-toward-confused frowns, his hands folded in his lap.
"I was doing the right thing," Cas called from the library. Fucking angels and their fucking superhuman hearing. Dean glanced in his direction as he approached, then looked away, training his gaze on the board, pinned and cluttered with clippings.
"No," Cas said, still shaking his head, but with a less distraught expression. "You're here because you deserve to be here, Dean. And you're not an idiot."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Dean said a split second later. Prosper assumed it was directed to Mary, but she couldn't be entirely sure, since all she cared about at the moment was Cas, the way he half-crouched to meet her and then seemed to think better of it, straightening back up and holding out one stiff palm instead. Prosper pushed her nose in against it. He smelled like scorched earth and old tobacco, very un-Cas-like scents. But he was here, he was okay.
Dean buried a hand in Prosper's scruff, squeezing painfully hard. His other hand came up to stroke along her snout. She nosed closer; Dean was only ever like this in his lowest, most vulnerable moments. "No thanks to you," he said to Castiel.
Crowley and Lovelace looked at each other. Crowley opened his mouth, sucking in a breath, and Dean braced himself for the inevitable shouting.
"Hmm," Castiel said, deliberately noncommittal. He started the car, an indication that he didn't wish to discuss it any further. Constant hesitated, shifting back and forth on his shoulder, then plunged on.
There was one answer that Castiel could make to that, but he had already determined that he would not speak of it until the deed was done. More to the point, he felt compelled to defend his Father. It was good, to have faith once more. "You got what you asked for, Dean. No paradise. No hell. Just more of the same." Dean looked away, his expression falling, falling. Behind him, Prosper was all but swaying back and forth in her exhaustion. "I mean it, Dean. What would you rather have? Peace or freedom?"
He pulled his hand free, his mouth curling back in his most human expression yet as he answered angrily. Anna turned still as he paced around her, then poised and sorrowful as they faced each other. Castiel's back was to Prosper, but Anna gazed past him to look at her. Her eyes were wet, her lips pressed tight as if holding back tears. Then she was gone.
The man glanced briefly at the knife in his chest, then back up at Dean. There was nothing bland about his expression anymore; instead there was a strange intentness in his gaze, a deliberation of movement as he curled long fingers around the handle and pulled the knife free. He didn't look away from Dean as he dropped it to the floor; he didn't look away from Dean as his arm shot up to catch the iron bar that Bobby had tried to bring down on his head. He turned, controlled and unhurried, and touched two fingertips against Bobby's forehead.
Anna's smile fell away. She gave Prosper a short nod of understanding and turned to face Castiel. "Why are you letting Dean do this?"
Dean was at his side before Castiel had fully turned to meet him, had stepped in close and lifted his hands to either side of Castiel's face before Castiel could comprehend what was happening. His breath quickened, his mouth tilting up almost instinctually to meet Dean's, but Dean only dropped his forehead down against Castiel's own and let out a long, shaky breath.
"I understand," Cas said after way too long a silence. "You're," he paused again, then offered diffidently, "trying something new."
" - He gave up his angel army for you, you were a complete dick to him when he lost Connie, and don't think we don't know what that was about - "
"What, me too?" Temperance said, sounding half-panicked, her wings and tail lifting with her discomfort. Castiel set his hand against her breast, and she and Sam both made a sound, Temperance an abbreviated cry of pain, Sam a low sound of shocked disgust. Castiel dropped his hand and turned around.
"Adam," Mary said softly. "John's son." Dean and Sam exchanged a look over her head as she crossed the room to stand by Gallant.
"I've hurt you before." This time he didn't look away, stared at her with red-rimmed eyes. "You and Dean both."
"You got your grace back?" She asked. Enzo descended to flit around her ears, and she twitched them distractedly, her focus trained on Castiel.
"Yeah, well. Just sit tight. Sam and Cas will be back in a minute, and we'll get that taken care of." No point mentioning the fact that he had tried to talk Cas out of it, since Cas hadn't listened to him anyway. The guy had nearly collapsed after smiting one random demon flunky, then jumped straight into a dick-measuring contest with Crowley, and now he wanted to go and start re-growing limbs? Dean took a prolonged swig of his beer, swallowing annoyance and guilt and the increasingly uncomfortable feeling in his chest, a feeling like his heart was beating out of time. He and Prosper had barely said two words to each other since Cas turned back up, and Dean knew what it meant but couldn't stand to think about it, the only thing to do was to keep moving, keep moving, don't stop -
There was a figure seated in its center, cross-legged, a raccoon dæmon settled in his lap. He looked up at them, and his eyes flashed unnaturally blue.
. He unfurled, and covered Jimmy and Paola once more with his grace. Jimmy's heart was beating uncomfortably fast, neurochemicals creating cascade effects throughout his body. Castiel took a moment to correct these distracting elements, then stood up and stretched his wings wide.
"I understand," Cas said gravely. "I will not 'make a big deal.'" Dean shot an  incredulous look at Prosper from behind Castiel's back as he pushed the door open.
The jolt of Constant's surprise was forceful enough that Castiel nearly winced. "Do you mean me?" Constant asked.
The crimson glow of Lucifer's eyes was Castiel's only warning; he raised an arm and curled his broken wings around both himself and Prosper, barely managing to keep his feet as Lucifer's grace bolted out, the trees groaning in answer, Sam and Dean thrown back against the house by the force of it. Castiel's protection was not enough to save Prosper from being hurled back as well, and yet the lion remained as she was, her claws digging in and tearing, her mouth finding the base of Lucifer's neck and clamping down. Lucifer shouted, a roar of anger rather than pain.
"You're very welcome." It was only the truth: there were very few beings in the history of existence who could compare with Sam Winchester in Castiel's estimation.
Cain had been wrong. It hadn't hurt Dean at all, to hurt Cas. As a matter of fact, it felt fucking fantastic. It was the only thing that felt good anymore.
Eight hours to Bobby's door just to turn around and spend another eight hours heading straight back to where they had been was, one, just fucking typical, and two, giving Dean way too much time to think. Bobby had never had much patience with talking just to fill the silence. Dean and Prosper weren't ready to speak to each other, hell, they might never really speak again, but she laid her head down on his knee and he let her, stroking his hand along her spine, his fingers seeking the soft fur of her inner coat. How had he gone so long without her and not gone bat-shit? How could he bear to look at her, knowing how weak they had both turned out to be?
All the false levity dropped away from Lucifer's expression, his stance. He still smiled, but there was something crouching within it now, coiled malevolence. "Last chance, kid. You should eject my brother and run now. You may have access to his grace, but that doesn't make you my equal."
So Dean stood up and cracked the door open, so Prosper could come back in when she was ready. Then he cleaned up the broken glass.
"Wait, so," Charlie looked back and forth between them. She stared down at Prosper with dawning realization. "So, grace and dæmons, there's no coexisting? So, when you got your grace back..." She trailed off.
"I'm disappointed, Michael," Lucifer said, raising his voice for effect, as if his words required greater volume in order to reach his brother. "I know you and the kid were getting pretty chummy there at the end, but you're really ready to let this go?" He spread his arms wide, gesturing to the world at large. "This could be our big moment! The fight for the fate of the universe and ultimate bragging rights. Or, maybe..." He lowered his arms, a strange gleam seeming to overtake his expression. "Maybe a reconciliation? Maybe you've had time to think over the fact that dear old Dad's abandoned us? Again? Why go through these scripted dance steps, right? Let's try something different this time around!"
"Not entirely. I can still hear our brothers and sisters, after all." He reached the payphone and the man barring him from Dean's voice. "Hang up the phone," he commanded. Constant's feathers flattened discomfortedly.
"You know," Mary said, her gaze resting on the window, the slats turned so that the parking lot could only be made out in slivers, "we came through this town once when I was a kid. Mom and Dad were hunting a shifter."
And it didn't have Sam or Temperance's worn-wood consistency, roots turned strange and lovely through contact with sediment and brackish water. Though Castiel was admittedly not very familiar with their touch; they had always been less given to prayer than Dean, despite his claims to the contrary.
"Good, 'cause I don't kiss and tell." Which was a bald-faced lie and they both knew it, but Dean sure as shit wasn't gong to tell his kid brother that the handful of times he'd been with a guy had happened during his stint as a demon, or about how absolutely none of it had mattered, how freaking amazing it had been to not give a damn about the person he was fucking, whether they were a guy or a girl or, come to that, were enjoying themselves at all. How sick he had felt afterwards whenever he thought about it, how close he had come to hating Sam and Temper for forcing him to feel all of it again, and Prosper for not being there, and Cas and Connie for not somehow stopping it.
"No signs of trouble," Temperance answered, because Temper, apparently, hadn't been thinking about their childhood game like Prosper had. She had been thinking more along the lines of demons, or Leviathan. "Delia and Bobby's most immediate danger is the nest of hornets living in that tire pile."
If this was what it meant to be alive, then no, Castiel could not be counted among the living. But he could not deny or turn away from this growing doubt, this looming lack of faith in his brethren. Lucifer and his demons must and should be stopped, but should the ruin of their Father's most beloved creation be the price? Surely this couldn't be what He had intended. But to doubt that was to doubt all that came before, aeons of service, of war, of inscrutable and conflicting orders. The entirety of his existence, cast into doubt by one man.
Outside, Michael turned to face him, his hands clasped behind his back, coolly expectant. "You have a question," he surmised.
"Suburbia, huh?" Gwen's dæmon said conversationally as he walked along the back of the sofa. "Can't believe you've managed this long without gnawing your own paw off." His tail was held aloft in a soft curve as he paced and watched Prosper for a response. She only stared back, forcing her ears and tail still.
"Alright," Castiel replied, staring up at him, utterly lost and disoriented. As if the sky had overturned beneath the earth and left him directionless, aware only that he was falling.
. All they had to do was remember that, and the rest would get dragged along behind them. But Sam didn't need them, clearly. He hadn't come to them after being pulled from the Cage, had decided they were better off with Lisa. And now he and Temperance called Samuel and these strangers
Silence bloomed out in answer. Sam and Dean returned to checking their weapons. Castiel shifted in place and watched them.
"Yup." He circled around to the car door, opening it up and letting Prosper jump in first. "Let's do this."
"It's the archangel!" Castiel shouted over the leaking extradimensional ripples of sound. Prosper and Dean turned in toward him, a perfect motion, mirrors one to the other. Dean's eyes were wide as he stared at Castiel. "I'll hold them off, I'll hold them all off! Just stop Sam!"
"Why the hell are you walking?" Dean asked. "Did Michael dump you out here or something? You should've called."
He didn't fly far, not as these things go. He returned to a familiar park, and seated himself on a familiar bench. He leaned forward to prop human elbows on human knees, and thought about a hunter's soul prowling the limits of a room, a man turning his back and pronouncing Castiel 'already dead.'
"Michael," he said, turning back around to face him, "you're a colossal bag of dicks." That one got him an eye twitch, a spasmodic clench of one of Michael's hands. "If you were the only one in that cage right now, we'd leave you here to rot. But Adam's in there too." He glanced at Mary, at Prosper and Gallant and Temperance still pressed trustingly close together behind him. "We're betting on Adam."
Why was Dean holding his face in this manner? Why were they standing so close, the next thing to an embrace? What was happening?
"Alright." Sam held his hands up, a baring of palms. "It's weird, is all, but you're right. It's just a mole." Dean scoffed and drank his beer, barely mollified. Sam obviously thought he was cracked; it was bizarre, having a little brother who now had decades more experience at living than he did, who seemed so unchanged one moment and so strangely beyond Dean the next. But then, Sammy had always been leagues beyond him. "Mind if I hang out for a bit?" Sam asked now. Dean reached into the cooler and handed him a beer in answer.
. These were the purviews that his Father had granted the angels. The rest was unsuitable, and could lead only to ruin.
"I - " Jack looked away, his eyes seeming to scan the prairie, although Dean knew it was a safer assumption that he was actually checking something else entirely; the tally of souls streaming into the afterlife maybe, or the cosmic balance of light and dark. Jack smiled and looked back at him. "Yes. I do have some time," he said.
"Come on," Sam said, motioning with his head and making his way toward the side of the house. "This is one of the best parts." Dean followed him around back, where a patio extended out nearly to the tree line. A large firepit sat in the center of the space, a chair on either side.
"Well, then," Crowley said, shifting Lovelace to his shoulder and standing up. "Ten minutes to freshen up and settle our affairs, gird our loins for battle and what have you, and then we're off." He disappeared down the hallway, leaving the rest of them staring after him.
More silence. Dean bunched the towel up small in his hands, his fingers knotting around the thin fabric. He hadn't meant to do it, but somehow all the hand towels in the bunker had ended up looking like the ones his mom had used back when he was a kid. Blue and white gingham, gone all soft and threadbare at the edges.
that had been crouching somewhere in the back of his throat ever since he'd woken up here. "I'm not cut out for this, and I know how fucked up that sounds, but if this is peace then I don't want it." Cas frowned but didn't speak, didn't look away or remove his hand. "I'm gonna lose it up here, man. I mean, I know I said this is what I always wanted, and it is, but that was when it was something that I could lose. Now this is it, and I've got it for forever, and don't even say it, you're gonna say the same shit Jack and Sam have been telling me, that I can have and do whatever I want. But it - " He rapped his fist hard against his chest, trying to find the words, "If nothing
Dean didn't breathe. Zachariah may as well have taken his lungs wholesale like he did Sam's, because Dean
"Good, I think." Quite often he felt unspeakably lonely, fragmented and strange, impossibly removed from Castiel. More often he felt surprised at how well they were managing, how close they kept each other. "We miss you."
"Sure, flip themselves right back to the dark ages," Charlie muttered. "Dæmons and original sin, we've all heard it before."
"Oh, one of 'em will make up the difference, you mark my words," Evangeline answered. "It's not raw power that matters here, it's viciousness. You know that, sister."
Castiel plucked an apple from the tree, turned it over in his hand. What would he become, by choosing? Would he lose his grace, the last remnants of his wings? Michael hadn't, but then, he was not Michael, and nothing was promised here beyond the choice itself. Castiel's heart was beating rapidly in his chest, against the inside of his ribs, as if some winged creature were locked within, calling out a hoarse refrain of
Prosper stood up, leapt forward. Constant's wings flared out wide when they neared each other, halting his flight so that he dropped neatly to the ground in front of her. Prosper collapsed to her belly, pushing her nose in against his feathers so violently that she almost bowled him over. She felt his wings briefly, fluttering against the sides of her neck, and then his long bill moving back in forth along the top of her head. They didn't speak; they didn't need to speak.
"I want to be here," Castiel said, looking back and forth between them. "You asked, where do I want to be tomorrow. It's here."
Dean gave serious consideration to picking the couch up and hurling it across the room. "Cas," he said tightly, his whole body vibrating with foreboding, "if you don't tell me right the fuck now what the hell is going on - "
A piercing scream cut through the low murmur of conversation, shaking Dean's attention away from his quarry, and Prosper loose from her unhappy thoughts.
They stared at each other for a long moment, then Cas looked away, his gaze dropping toward their laps. His hand slid from Dean's shoulder, down along his arm, around his wrist, until he was holding Dean's hand in both of his own. "I'd like to say it again, if you don't mind," he said, painfully sincere.
"They're not talking about Lucifer," Sam said hastily, raising a forestalling hand. "Jack, tell, um. Tell Michael who your father is."
"Torturing? That's God's work?" Castiel shot Anna a sharp look at that, glancing toward Prosper. He raised a hand, and Anna spoke on, her lips moving, but Prosper could no longer hear her. So, now she had some idea of his limits, what he was and wasn't willing to allow her to see or hear.
"There's no true equivalent for angels," Cas said, and then proceeded to drone on about all the closest comparisons angels had to pain, from something about having their grace blighted, to the 'incandescent heat' of holy fire, and on up to being in the presence of God, although Cas was quick to point out that he had never personally experienced the last one. Dean focused on bandaging Cas' hand, grunting every now and then to show that he was still listening, even though most of it went over his head.
"Didn't take, did it?" Crowley said with an insouciant shrug, idly straightening the cuff of his suit. "Now, back to the issue at hand. Why aren't there more guards on my black-hearted bitch of a mother's door?"
In the end, she did what she had always done: she sat as close as he would allow her and she waited. Her spine pressed against the door, her tail curled around her back paws. She was watching the room in front of her, but her ears were turned toward the one behind her. She couldn't hear anything, not yet. Castiel, who had remained turned away while they fought, finally risked a glance at her; she lowered her head and raised her lip. He stared at her for a moment, then looked away again.
He recovered quickly, twisting himself keel-down in the air and snapping his wings out to halt his fall. He was still entirely material; he had not dissipated to Dust.
"Hmm." She stared at him a moment, then smiled, reaching over to squeeze his hand. "God intended that you have a fresh start. Let's look for something different."
He went to Kelly's room first, but stopped outside, sorrow welling up as he reached out with his grace. He didn't need to open the door to know what waited for him there: Kelly's earthly remains. She was gone, and Paz with her.
"No." His mouth was blood-stained, his fingers rough as he threaded them through her fur, as if he were refamiliarizing himself with her, or memorizing. "I was already a killer, wasn't I?" He muttered, talking more to himself, or maybe to the blade, then he was to her. "So what's changed, you know?"
"Yeah, they're fine." Which was sort of a lie, but only sort of, and he didn't want to talk about Benny. "They're adjusting."
If it were possible to rid them of their suffering, Castiel would reach out and take it away from them, take it into himself, a precious burden. But he lacked that power, and it would perhaps be inherently detrimental to Dean and Prosper's wellbeing, to rob them of something so elemental to their identity. So instead, Castiel stretched his wings and took flight. After all, there was much to be done. Heaven was open to him once more, and he was eager to return home, but not until he had restored Sam, and, if it lay within his power, Adam. The cage was another hell unto itself, to pierce it and retrieve even one brother would be a harrowing undertaking. But surely he would not be filled with this unshakable certainty, if it were not his Father's will.
Positive point number two: with their wings burned away, the angels were limited in their mobility, and so were their dæmonic vessels. He had successfully evaded all but one of them, a long-winged goose dæmon. Despite its considerable size and wingspan, were it a regular dæmon, Constant was confident that he would already be safely away. Inhabited by an angel, however, the dæmon was capable of incredible feats of strength and endurance. Fortunately, angels were largely unimaginative, incapable of growth. Castiel truly was a marvel among his kind, and so, therefore, was Constant.
, nervousness, flitting across her face. Dean looked at the space between their chairs, where their two dæmons were still staring each other down. "Maybe it was some turbocharged spirit," he said to Prosper.
He could also admit to curiosity about what form his dæmon might take, and when motes of Dust began gathering around the space above Metatron's heart, Castiel and Constant both watched intently. Metatron was a conniving, deceitful egomaniac, but he was still, by Castiel's accounting, the fifth angel in the history of existence to have become human, and two of those angels had only lived moments beyond the robbing of their grace. The Dust congealed, knitting together, bright gold fading to more common shades, eventually revealing -
"Cas!" She said, as she came through the door and around the corner, bounding forward. Cas' hard gaze shifted toward her, turning blank with shock.
"See, you're not though, 'cause you're getting water all over the upholstery. Here, take it." Castiel obeyed, pressing the rag perfunctorily along his face. His gaze stayed focused on the windshield, the rain pelting down in sheets against the glass. Dean and Prosper shared a look. "You know what? Screw it, let's hit the road. Just gotta drop by the Ritz to pick up our duffel." Dean started the car, and they drove in silence back to the lodge.
Dean stiffened, and barely managed to stop himself from leaning away from her. Prosper huffed and showed her teeth but stayed where she was, a matter of inches from the other dæmon. Dean looked over his shoulder; the cook and the other diner were staring at them, also black-eyed. He checked their dæmons swiftly, both dreading and hoping for some hint of who he and Sam might be dealing with. It was unreliable, but demons who weren't trying to pass themselves off as the person they were riding usually preferred to have their dæmons take their true shape. The crossroads demon had always been accompanied by a cat, although its size and coloring was mutable. Azazel's dæmon, as their dad's journal had attested and Sam and Dean had seen for themselves, had consistently taken the form of an incongruously small black dog. But it wasn't like he was on first name basis with many demons, and none of these dæmons matched anyone he could remember encountering before.
"A plan?" Dean bit out, wheeling around to face him. "I'll tell you the fucking plan, Sammy, it's what I said we should do from start! Grab Cas and Kelly and run. Now come with me or don't, but I'm going. We've lost enough time as it is."
"You don't want this, Dean. You made it very clear, and I understand. In fact, I appreciated knowing where we stood." Eventually. At first it had been very painful. Constant, for his part, had never accepted it.
Dean snorted. "Yeah, sounds like Rowena." He craned his head down and to the side to watch as Sam climbed out of the car. "So. You're gonna come by tomorrow and 'fess up to whatever the hell it is you've got going on, right?"
"You'll have to ask Dean or Sam," his dæmon answered. "If I had any control over the form I took, I wasn't aware of it. But I like myself, I think."
"It is important," he said quietly. "For humans. But I'm an angel, Constant. Dean is my friend, my - my brother. Anything further would be inappropriate. And unwanted."
"Well, they wouldn't be babies," Cas said. "But I happen to agree with you. Jack should be enjoying his youth, such as it is."
Castiel blinked, startled. "Dean does tend to bestow nicknames on those he cares about," he said slowly, feeling his way forward. "I can't imagine that he's very pleased with me at the moment, however. I told him I was locking the angels away in heaven, and instead they've fallen to the earth."
"And you? Did you find Sam and Temperance quickly?" Dean was a damn good liar, so long as Prosper didn't give him away. He had learned early in the game how to hide his reactions, how to keep on grinning when the blow landed, how to not blink or look away when his bluff got called. So he wasn't sure what his face or body had done that had Cas tilting his head to the side, his eyes narrowing, focusing in. "Dean?"
. Sam was giving Dean what he probably thought were significant looks but which mostly included widening his eyes and grimacing, so that wasn't helping anything. But the real conversation was happening on the ground in front of them, where Temperance had flown down to press close to Gallant and Prosper.
She didn't want to leave him, but she also had to admit that she hadn't been much use to him recently on her own. She hadn't done a thing to stop Rowena from casting the attack dog spell on Cas, had in fact found herself in the previously inconceivable position of having to defend Crowley and Lovelace from him. Then hunting across the countryside for him, picking up and losing his trail again and again, only to finally give up and return to the bunker to find him sprawled out across the library floor. If anyone should be hunting Rowena down, it should be her.
"Dude, I don't know. Monsters tearing up the rule books, fucking hunter pilgrim ancestors, I don't know where the hell to even start." Prosper went to stand beside him, turning around to watch the door, her senses alive and searching for the slightest hint of someone approaching. This was their home, and they were exposed and vulnerable in it. She felt Dean sag just slightly, trusting her to keep watch. "What are we supposed to do," he muttered, almost rhetorically.
"Why not?" Sam said, like it should be obvious. "The whole point of heaven is to be with the people we care about. She's a friend, and I hadn't seen her in, God. Decades."
. He watched Constant's edges begin to crumple away into Dust, and then unbeing came for him once again.
The next day Dean took Baby for a drive, then came home and made straight for the kitchen. He paced circles around the room for a bit, working up his nerve, then grabbed bread and peanut butter from the shelves, grape jelly from the fridge. He slapped together a plateful of sandwiches, took a testing bite.
thing that anyone had ever said to her. "I wanted to thank you for choosing to speak to me, even when I didn't deserve it. And I think that you should speak more often." They were still walking, he still wasn't looking at her, and Prosper wished again, so badly in that moment, that Cas had a dæmon. Or that they could touch each other, that Cas would understand what that meant.
"Jack, you aren't ever gonna turn into Chuck," Dean said, grabbing on to Jack's shoulder with a sopping wet hand. "We wouldn't let that happen. I mean, that's why you keep us around, right?"
"And this?" How did one speak it, give definition to an absence, a lack? There were no words, in all the languages of heaven and earth. "Do you find this acceptable?"
"They're scared, okay? Scared of whatever had the juice to yank me out." Sam looked away, his lips grimly set. "We're dealing with a bad mofo here. One job at a time." That seemed to settle them both, for the moment at least, but Temperance still watched the diner long after it was lost to sight by the rest of them.
Cas was quiet a moment, then Dean listened to the groaning creak of the porch boards as he moved across them, as he settled in next to Dean on the steps. "Well," he said, all warm and weighted, his voice and his presence and the care he took to put himself precisely where Dean needed him, "I suppose I could say, how long are you going to stare at that patch of grass, or, how long are you going to keep wringing that dishtowel," (embarrassing, Dean hadn't even realized he was still holding it, the stupid towel that Jack had been drying dishes with) "but what I'm really curious about is how long you plan on keeping the sun from coming up."
"To hell with hell," Crowley said. He reached down, flicking an oversized crumb of dirt off Lovelace's back.
"You're an angel again," Constant said. Then, without thinking, without meaning to, "You've abandoned me."
"Crowley?" She said disbelievingly. "When have we had a single dealing with him where we didn't end up screwed?" She hated Crowley, and that rat Lovelace.
They sat side by side in the hospital waiting room, Sam's knee bouncing restively, Dean slouched down in the seat with his eyes half-closed. Prosper was sitting at attention in front of them. Dean kept quiet until Sammy got up to try and sweet-talk an update out of the receptionist, then slid his foot forward to nudge Prosper.
"Yeah, Sammy," Dean answered, raising his voice. "In the kitchen!" Sam and Temperance rounded the corner, Sam's lips pulling sideways as he took them in.
"Praise God," the first voice said. He squinted, looked beyond the dæmon to see a woman rising up from a nearby chair. "How do you feel? Has the Spirit left you?" Her features swam into focus, pale face, pale eyes.
"Cas." Dean's hands on both his elbows, tugging him gently back around so they could face each other. "I'm sorry. I miss talking to him too. I want to tell him so bad. I'm trying to tell him, you know?"
"Yes, I'd like that," Cas said, and they turned and started making their way back to Baby, their arms swinging between them. "You don't mind this?" Cas asked suddenly.
"And now," Metatron said, running his fingers along Castiel's throat to close the cut he had made there, as Castiel struggled for breath, necessary,
"Why are you like this?" Dean choked out, finally turning to face her. He was clenching the coat with both hands now. "Why can't you let me just - I can't fucking breathe, and it's your fault."
"What is the origin of doubt?" He asked. Prosper pressed close to Dean and didn't answer. Doubt? She wasn't interested in religion, but any demon hunter worth their weight in salt had made a professional study of the Old Testament, and she was fairly certain the passage that Castiel had just referenced had been on the subject of original sin. Castiel waited for a moment, then went back to staring at the corner. "I'm beginning to suspect that it lies with you," he said gravely.
"Cas wouldn't have taken the Colt if he wasn't going up against something big," Sam had insisted. Which, fine. Dean could agree with that much. It hadn't made him any less furious, to think that barely an hour ago Cas had been
"Would you idiots get inside?" A voice said from behind, in the shockwave's ringing aftermath. Castiel glanced over his shoulder. There was a dæmon standing in the doorway, small and nervously hunched, a band of black fur bisecting her face.
"Don't tell me to forgive him," Prosper said, as soon as they disappeared around the corner. Cas frowned jerkily, miserably, pulling the blanket more tightly around himself.
"Well, whatever." He wasn't going to admit that he was okay with how it had wound up; anyway, she already knew. "There's always next time."
"Uh." There was the sound of people shouting, of equipment rattling, and of Dean's short, uncertain breath. "Hi, I guess."
"Okay," Dean said slowly. Cas was so freaking weird sometimes. "Well, as much as I love all the - you know, the...damp, what do you say we head home?"
She didn't care about the expression in his eyes. It was a spotty translation at best of whatever he might be thinking.
Dean cleared his throat, and Sam and Mary turned, revealing a young man, standing beside the brightly painted depiction of the apple tree, his name spelled out among the fruit. There was a yellow snake coiled along his naked shoulders, her tail wound around one arm, her head lifted in watchful curiosity. Both of their eyes were golden, shining in the darkness.
"Guess I'll have to take your word for it," he said, slinging his arm around her and pulling her in against him. She bent her head to nip at his hand, and he only hugged her tighter, and it was good, it was finally good between them again. Sam had been right, he had always been right about the most important things. Because Prosper and Dean were finally finding their way back to liking each other.
"Even if he was," Prosper continued on evenly, "we couldn't work with them. I don't think he has a soul, Dean. He doesn't even have a dæmon."
"Dean." Cas' hand settled on his knee, a surprisingly assured movement. "That feeling you had, that gut reaction? That's why Jack refuses to ask this of you."
"What should I call you?" Castiel asked, touching his wrist to his shoulder so that his dæmon could perch there. He oriented himself east, walking along the side of the road.
Sam brought the beers like he had been told, along with a salad that he was perversely proud of having made, and Jack.
"Gotta go," she said quietly, finally. "We'll be back soon." Cas nodded, and she lifted her head away and left the room.
"They were living in Texas when we got in contact with them," she said. "After we iced Dick Roman, they decided to retire."
"A caged creature will promise anything in order to escape. I could agree to slay my brother, to protect the world from his abomination. I could vow to restore heaven and keep my brethren from interfering with the earth, or promise their blades and grace to you to command as you see fit. But it would be meaningless. In the end, when you release me, you will find yourselves at my mercy."
"Go," he whispered back. Prosper went, turning an ear behind her to check that Evangeline was following along. Ghouls had sharp senses, but they couldn't compare to Evangeline's or her own. Their dæmons might be another matter. She slipped into the thick brush, Dean fumbling purposefully for his blade to cover the sound.
"Seriously?" Dean said. He pulled it out of Castiel's hand, turning it around and flipping the cover over to confirm the title. "Dude." His lip twitched, reluctant amusement. "Why're you interested in this?"
"I know how to fly," his dæmon answered, a note of regret winding through his voice, as if sorry to point out the advantage he had over Castiel. "But it's still a novel experience."
Not that there was all that much to ruminate over, she supposed. Every choice was perfectly simple. Make the decision that furthered the hunt for Cas, throw every other decision away. If it moves, kill it, unless it could get them closer to Cas. Don't trust or believe in anything, except for Cas and each other.
"I guess," Prosper muttered. She turned toward him, propping her paws up on the back of the seat and resting her chin against his shoulder. "It was a good night, wasn't it?"
It had been a strange year. Maybe the strangest year of their life, and that was saying something. Prosper circled around to the back of the house where the lights from the street were lessened, sat and curled her tail around her legs and turned her focus skyward. She still hadn't worked out what to do with all this inert quiet. Ever since coming here, it felt as if she and Dean were caught in one long exhale, and once they breathed in again it would all come crashing down.
"Your grandfather? We were aware of his existence, but I never received orders to watch over him directly." He frowned, thinking back to what little information had reached his garrison at the time. "We knew he was involved with an occult order of some sort, but the finer points were immaterial to the greater plan."
"You weren't ever gonna tell me?" He said, almost managing to keep the accusation out of his voice. He thought they had been getting somewhere. Prosper huffed unhappily.
"Oh," Cas said, low-voiced. His hand, like some kind of miracle, turned in Dean's grip, long fingers folding around his stupid sweaty palm. "I wasn't sure."
After they burned Bobby's flask, after they watched him disappear, wisping away immaterial and insubstantial, Sam sat back down in front of the laptop, digging through the news coverage of Dick Roman and SucroCorp, and Dean disappeared downstairs, where Prosper could hear him tossing tools and weaponry around with seething force. Prosper and Temperance exchanged a glance, and Sam stood back up without a word and held the door open for them.
"Relax," Dean said, standing up and going to the door. He couldn't blame them for feeling jumpy, but come on, they were with professionals. The room was tightly warded, sigils and salt lines, and anyway, Prosper would have warned him if she hadn't already recognized the approaching footsteps. He opened the door for Sam, loaded down with bags of takeout, Cas following behind, clean-shaven and sober-eyed, his hair neat, his coat so freaking spotless that no one would ever imagine that he had spent the last year running for his life, fighting off every monster imaginable. "Any luck?" Dean asked Sam, forcing himself not to stare at Cas.
breathe. Prosper had been touched before, of course; demons delighted in breaking taboos, and seemed to get a particular rush from the violating act of touching, grabbing, hurting another person's dæmon. But that was different, that was the risk of the job, just one of the many dangers of the life of a hunter. But aside from that, no one had touched Prosper, there hadn't been anyone who they could have had that with, not even Cassie.
But why would they put him back on the rack? He broke a long time ago, he had given them what they wanted. And this, this felt...he thought he felt...
"You're right." He didn't move, not really, but he still straightened. They climbed the steps into the garage side by side, just in time to catch Dean pulling upright from where he had been looking into Baby's back seat. He looked over at Cas, something vaguely alarmed in his expression, something bright and embarrassed coming down the link. Cas stared back at him, squinting his confusion.
"Don't lie," Castiel and Prosper both said, speaking over each other, in diametrically different tones and volumes. Dean glared at them both.
Less than an hour later he spotted him, striding along a road, his shirt and suit jacket hanging open and half-undone, lined with drying blood. Relief turned Constant heavy as a stone; he tucked his wings and dove down to him.
Once she knew he was dreaming, Prosper got up, her movements slow, as carefully executed as if she were on a hunt. Neco had keen senses, and she wouldn't want to disturb him. She left through the half-open door, which Dean never shut because they both wanted to have the entrance to Ben's room within their line of sight, then made her way down the stairs.
"Not this specifically," Paola answered wryly. She was calmer, and less willing to be glib. "But, when we married Amelia, and when Claire was born..."
He was in no immediate danger, or at least, hardly any more danger than every human on earth was currently under. Michael and Lucifer were paying no attention to him. But someone had to be here to witness this. Was this, Castiel wondered, the moment that God had always intended? Two brothers, battling each other at the water's edge for the right to usher in the second coming. Castiel suspected that they had all fallen off-script. He watched Lucifer hurl the lion back with a blast of focused grace, watched him turn and kick Michael away, flinging him some fifty feet off shore and down, into the water. Lucifer stalked after him, his blade in his hand, a scarlet pulse scattering out before him, pushing the tide back. The water erupted as Michel took to the air, gaining roughly three hundred feet of altitude in an instant, only to plummet back down.
He returned home swiftly this time, and walked along the sidewalk trying to think if there was something special he might do for Daphne and Viridius to show them how he valued their partnership. Daphne enjoyed reading the scriptures and discussing the natural beauty of the world. She often held his hand just for the sake of contact, and it confused and saddened her that he did not sleep in bed with her.
Cas was standing in the doorway, his head swiveling slowly back and forth as he looked around. He looked at the table, with the stack of sandwiches and the two open beer bottles. He looked up, at the sunlight pouring in through the window. He looked behind him, at the television with the movie queued up and waiting. He stepped down into the kitchen and looked at Dean.
Dean wasn't so sure about that, what with the sunshine feeling currently shooting all through his body, rising and rising. But he kept that to himself, squeezing Cas' hands one more time before letting them go. "Well," he said instead, picking up the towel from where he had dropped it on the grass.  "Guess you should go try and find Jack, huh? Get him back here so I can eat a big 'ole helping of crow." Cas frowned, his head tilting sideways, and Dean rolled his eyes. "I gotta apologize, you know?"
Prosper shifted against his side; he should say something, Dean realized with an inner lurch. Get everyone to refocus on what was actually important.
"No. It's not." Dean could feel her clearly again, like the flood of hate she had unleashed down the link had somehow repaired it. She wasn't afraid of him, worse, she wasn't afraid
"When in doubt, go with the classics. That's what I always say." He shrugged again, shoving his hands into his pockets as he looked around. "Won't be anything as elaborate as the last time, so. Bit of a bummer. But you," he looked at Castiel, "already wiped heaven off the board for me, and Rowena's a mushy pile of pulp, so the only thing standing between me and my son and the Apocalypse redux is..." He lifted a finger, waggling it playfully at them, "the three of you."
"What?" Dean asked, ruffling up defensively with no idea why. What the hell were they talking about?
"You were a whole being before I appeared, Castiel. You are whole at this moment, and you will be whole when I am gone." Castiel glared at him from the corner of his eye, furiously lost. Whole or halved, celestial or mortal: these were mere descriptives that couldn't begin to touch what it meant to love another, to love oneself. Constant continued, dragging Castiel with him. "I'm not leaving you today. But when the time comes, you must reclaim our grace."
"Not cosmic-being-crammed-into-a-meatsuit weird. This was checking-over-his-shoulder-like-he-thought-he-was-about-to-get-jumped weird. C'mon, Prosper, help me out here."
"Whatever the hell you want to call yourself, then." He looked back at Jack, still holding the spatula and watching them, wide-eyed. "How many?" Jack tilted his head, a sweeter, less squinty reproduction of Cas' typical questioning look. "How many people are you and dear old Auntie Amara doing this to?"
"I do. In fact, it's what I wanted to speak to you about. Your dæmon, Athene." Castiel hesitated, words and hope gathering in his throat. "How did you do it?"
"Oh, yeah, no," he huffed. "She wasn't bonkers at all. She just tried to kill Cas, and us, but what else is new?"
Dean didn't try to see Cas right away, after he arrived in heaven. He couldn't really explain why, could only justify it to himself in terms that he would normally use to describe a fight.
"It didn't help any, you could give me that at least," he said to Prosper. He turned back to Castiel. "I don't know, Cas, I was an idiot. You were human for like, ten seconds, and then you weren't, and I didn't know - but Connie was still around, so I thought, maybe - but we all knew you had to get your grace back or else you were gonna die, so I didn't see the point in - but none of that should've mattered anyway, and I let it matter."
"Stop, Cas, okay? It's not a big deal." Dean glared at Prosper. "Over and done, right?" She didn't answer, just sat down beside him.
Castiel made his way to the nearest town, finding a phone booth and stepping inside. He left the door hanging open, a wordless invitation. Constant hesitated a moment, then flew down to perch on the door's edge, out of arm's reach but able to listen to Castiel's one-side conversation with Dean.
The thing about Evangeline and Benny was, if they hadn't been a vampire, Prosper might have very easily liked them, especially Evangeline. Oh, she could growl and bare her teeth as well as Benny, but there was something undeniably warm, almost domestic, in the way she occasionally spoke to Prosper and Dean. As if, given the opportunity, she would be equally at home stretched out along the boards of a sun-warmed porch as she was prowling through Purgatory. Prosper had already learned, through scraps of overheard conversation between her Benny, that Evangeline loved the sound and smell of moving water above all else, and that she and Benny had both enjoyed fishing before their (undoubtedly well-deserved) death. These small details, combined with how well the four of them fought and hunted together, were enough to make Prosper question if it might be possible to actually befriend a vampire.
"Do I look like a rabbit to you?" Dean asked, using the spatula to gesture at his face, hooking his free arm around Jack's shoulder to pull him into a hug. "Hey, kid. How's it going?"
"Well, then, forgive me, but what do we do?" It was difficult to look away from the demons, to stop tracking their movements as they prowled or lounged in front of the hospital entrance.
"Need your help with something," Dean grunted, striding up to the bar and leaning his torso across the counter, groping blindly along the shelving until he found what he was looking for. He pulled out Ash's clunky, souped-up laptop and thumped it down on the bar.
"No, I'm sorry." This was not a lie; he was determined to lie as little as possible. "I - Sam, Temperance, I hope you believe me when I say that I would always rather be here."
Castiel considered. "We have very little time. But if you wish to say goodbye - " He was already constrained, uncomfortable with the limitations of a human body, but he restricted himself further, and further still, until Jimmy and Paola had reclaimed the most essential of their bodies' voluntary functions. Thus it was from within, with his true, higher senses, that Castiel observed his vessel.
"Then undo it," Dean said, skipping past all the other shit he could potentially be saying in answer to that, like, for instance,
"So, this," Dean gestured at the coat, the tie, the man in front of him, "this is just what I'm seeing, when in reality there's some gigantic fire-snake coiled all around my kitchen right now?"
"Cas?" They had to weave their way toward him, through piles of twisted steel and shattered concrete. "Cas!" He was sprawled out on the ground, the cat dæmon on his chest, both unmoving. Dean reached his side, bending down to grip him by the fabric at his shoulder.
"Bullshit," Dean said instantly. He glared at her, daring her to deny it. She was the one who had wanted to drag it all out, she didn't get to hide now. But Prosper, damn her, just came to his side, always too small, always searching for something more from him, something his didn't fucking have. Why couldn't she have been something more solid, immovable, something less easily damaged? Dean groaned in annoyance, and dropped a hand down onto her head. He needed her. She was nothing but a liability, and he needed her.
"No, but Sam swears by it, so there you go." Cas' smile hitched another degree higher, and Dean stepped away, keeping one hand on his shoulder just in case he pitched sideways again. "Seriously man, you just got back, you gotta take it slow."
"People wanted to get out of their boxes and move around, and we were getting them where they wanted to go," Ash said proudly. He made a fist and held it out to Charlie, and she grinned and bumped it with her own.
"Nothing's that easy." Dean was silent for a moment, glancing at his dæmon in the rearview mirror, then continuing on. "It's all just dominoes. Knock this tile over to save a life and rip your guts out, knock that tile over to save the world and break your heart. Trying to act like it's black and white, you know what that is? That's not wanting to face up to the people you let down."
"I don't know," Dean replied. They lay pressed together for a moment longer, then Dean pushed her off and they both stood up.
The demon wearing Amelia Novak's body pointed the gun at Sam, then turned around and shot Jimmy in the stomach. Horror rushed through Dean, followed swiftly by relief, then guilt. Another good man that he hadn't saved. Jimmy went to his knees, his hands scrabbling against the crimson stain spreading across his white shirt. Paola cried out and did a stuttering dance around his legs, trying to defend him and press close against him all at once.   "Waste little orphan Annie," the demon said.
"What can I say?" The man answered. "I told him I wanted a chance to punch you in the face, and he was like, 'yeah, go for it.' Hey, Sam. Dean." He came to a stop, mere feet away from Lucifer.
"I need to apologize. To both of you, but especially to Dean and Prosper. What happened at the crypt -"
"Rowena?" Okay, that was pretty much the last fucking thing he had expected Sam to say. "She's in heaven?" Sam rolled his eyes.
." Weird shit, usually. Sometimes it was a weapon, or an object imbued with whatever weird mojo passed for the soul of a deity. The scarecrow in Burkitsville had been manifested and tied to a tree.
"An angel, Sammy. Junkless, emotionless God-bots who barely know how to think without someone giving them a direct order, and if they do actually manage to think for themselves they just twist everything sideways and end up hurting us mud monkeys." Sam opened his mouth, and Dean raised a hand to stave him off. "I'm not saying that Cas is like the rest of them. He cares about us, obviously. But that don't change facts."
, and you decided to throw a wrench in the works to keep things interesting. Am I getting it right so far?"
"Okay. Start calling around, see if you can dig anything up about remote locations rented out in the last month. We're heading there now."
"Morning, Sammy," Dean grunted, eyes locked on the yard. Sam joined him on the deck, pulling up a chair to sit beside him.
She was standing in front of the open door, stiff-legged, her tail held straight out. Dean recognized that stance.
"Dean," Sam said slowly, "do you seriously think that Cas doesn't - " He stopped, his mouth twitching like he was trying to decide whether he should frown or smile. "It's Cas," he finally said, like that was supposed to mean something.
Castiel tried to laugh, or smile. Instead he felt his face do something wobbly and jagged. "And handsome," he grated out, stroking a finger along Constant's beak.
Then she watched the Leviathan pin Cas to the ground, watched her throw her head back. Her mouth didn't open, rather, the rest of her face just collapsed away, leaving only that stretching, jagged maw. Prosper was already running toward them, but she knew how fast a Leviathan could consume a body; she knew she wasn't going to make it to Cas in time.
"Yes. Well." Was there a being in the history of creation more effortlessly, concisely infuriating than Dean Winchester? Castiel didn't believe it was possible. He stood up. "They have nothing to offer our search at the moment, in any case."
. There had been Cassie and Simos, and that had barely gotten off the ground before it ended, and then Lisa and Neco, which had been doomed from the start, if Dean was being honest. Because even way back then, there had already been Cas, even if Dean hadn't let himself think about it like that. "You - I know I've screwed up, but you - " He stopped, flustered and grasping. "You deserve the whole deal," he finally managed.
Constant turned his head, looking away from the television only as much as he was required to in order to address Castiel. "I'm glad you're here," he said. "I don't understand this program." He was true black in the television's dim glow, perched on the back of a chair. The kitchen was dark; the bunker clearly empty. Castiel had recently discovered that he didn't mind solitude, at least, not when he was at home. There was a perpetual feeling as if the bunker were sleeping, quiescent and quiet, as if it and Castiel were simply waiting for Sam and Dean to return to breathe life and warmth back into its halls.
"I would like that," Cas said heavily, his voice like dropping stones, like they were talking about some distant dream that he could hardly imagine.
. It was the feeling right before a fight, or of a long stretch of empty road. It was fucking weird, and it needed to stop.
"What are you?" He said to the creature on his chest, although he already knew the answer. There was a heavy, building burn somewhere behind his eyes and in his throat. He could feel his words as he spoke them, vibrating through his own flesh. He could feel everything.
"What?" He said, responding not to Constant's voice, but to the discordant feeling of displeasure coming to him along the link. "I'm sorry, I was..." Lost in the corporeal, drowning in chemical signals. "...thinking about something else."
"They remind me very much of Dean and Prosper." Claire's spirit, her fire. And Abelard, settled into the form of a wolf now, quiet and distrustful. Claire had told them, with no small amount of pointed candor, that he had settled only a few months after Jimmy and Paola disappeared for the final time.
Sam shut it behind them, pulling out Dean's desk chair and gesturing Dean toward his own damn bed. "Dean," he said, fixing him with one of his earnest, open gazes, just as hard to meet as Temperance's huge unblinking eyes, "you know you can talk to me about anything, right?"
"Just stay back," Sam answered, stepping past her to swing the metal bar free. Temperance turned her head to look at her as Sam marched by, then directed her attention to the door when he pushed it open. Prosper shot past him and into the room.
"You first," Prosper said, because it was her job to watch his back. And because she didn't trust him to watch hers.
He came and went, both under his own volition and whenever Dean prayed to him. Every once in a while he didn't come when Dean called, and it was annoying, but Dean knew that Cas had responsibilities in heaven. He wasn't the one running the place, he made sure to make that clear, but the angels still expected him to carry them along, same as they always had. Not that Cas had put it like that.
"Not on myself. On Diarmuid. Do you imagine Lucifer didn't - " here she faltered, just the slightest hitch to her voice and breath before continuing on " - didn't make
The fucked up thing was how he could still feel her, as he drove away. He could tell when she left the doorway, retreating back inside the bunker, by the minute easing of tension, by her fixed focus as she moved, mindful of the ribs that he had no doubt cracked. He could tell when she was back with Cas, and when Cas touched her to heal her, by the sudden evaporation of her pain, and the swell of love that suddenly bloomed up in his chest. Dean dug his knuckles hard against his sternum, trying to grind the feeling away. What the hell did it all mean, anyway? How could he love and hate the same person at the same time? More than that, how the fuck could anybody love someone else and simultaneously hate themselves? They couldn't, that was the answer. Which was how Dean knew that he and Prosper had never really loved anybody.
" - Answer the question, Dean," Sam said, catching on to Temperance's outrage. He was drawing himself up, squaring his shoulders as if readying for a blow. Dean floundered and fought against the instant compulsion to lie, to brush their questions aside with a short, sharp negation. What the hell was he supposed to say? If Sammy didn't have Temper...if
"Yeah, I'm starting to get that." Dean checked the floor by Castiel's feet, the space behind him, but Paola was nowhere in sight. "Your frat brothers are bigger dicks than I thought."
"No, we asked to be left in town. It - " He sighed and broke off, looking away, out across the surrounding fields. "I can't really explain. It felt like an important distinction." He looked back at Dean. "That we make the journey ourselves. That no one else brought us to your door."
"We gotta find some way out of here and back to Sammy," Dean had said, after they had killed three of the half-primate, half-canine creatures that had tried to encircle them. Prosper agreed with him.
Paola jumped into Jimmy's lap, butting her head against his chest and stomach, and Jimmy laughed, choppy with grief, laced with joy and disbelief and resignation.
He wasn't freaking out. Dean curled his fingers tight around Baby's steering wheel and tried to convince himself that it was true. He was
Then he saw Dean, clutching Prosper as he knelt on the ground, sorrow rippling out from them in waves, and for a moment all else, Castiel's victory over hell and his own brethren, his renewed faith and his growing eagerness for what would come next, everything else was forgotten.
"Dean, please." She stepped toward him, pressed her nose against his too-hot hand. His eyes were hollow. "Temper's right, you know she's right. It's doing something to you."
Beside them, she heard the faintest shift of sound, scented living flesh that didn't perspire or slough away with new growth. She lifted her head. Castiel was in the nearby chair, the silver cat perched on his knee. They were both staring at the far corner of the room.
"Cas." There was nothing sweeter than Prosper's voice, the sound of her movement as she drew near. Castiel was oddly thankful that his hands were still bound, as he couldn't account for what they might have attempted were they free. Not with Prosper so close, not with Dean's hands so unexpectedly gentle on his knee, his arm.
"Right," he said. "Where's the damn trophy for managing to go a full day without hurting somebody? Why's that not a thing?"
, using him as a bridge to reach Meg. She tilted her head to the side to make a space for him to settle along her arm and neck, and neither of them gasped or moaned or even seemed to notice, and okay, what the hell?! What the hell was going on with the two of them? Dean didn't want to gag anymore; now he wanted to full-on projectile vomit.
Dean propped his elbows along the rail, leaned against the wood. Felt his mouth curl up in bone-deep satisfaction, in
The lights sparked and fizzled, and Prosper braced herself for Uriel's reappearance. He was easy to hate, much easier than Castiel. But then,
Behind her, she could make out the growing rumble of another car. She ducked into the overgrowth, sneezing when one of the long sprouts tickled her snout. The car's headlights grew in intensity, illuminating the road and grass in a span of yellow light. Prosper dropped her head, the better to prevent her eyes from flashing in the car's beams.
"You sure you did the ritual right?" Dean asked eventually, after what felt like nearly an hour but may have only been fifteen minutes or so. Bobby gave him an exasperated look, surprising only in its mildness. "Sorry." He glanced at Delia, sitting in between Bobby's dangling feet. "Touchy, touchy, huh?"
"Did you?" Castiel asked, staring down at her. His brow pinched; his head tilted to the side. "I'm sorry to have concerned you." He looked at Dean, then Sam. "You need to be more careful."
"Yeah." Now Dean too twisted around in his seat, his eyes finding Constant. He grinned, hard and blindingly bright. "Hey. Connie."
"I'm not 'starting' anything," Castiel answered, following after Dean as he tried to step away, his hands dropping to his waist to halt his movement. "You should hold still."
"No grass growing under your feet," Meg answered. Emanuel was becoming increasingly certain that they weren't actually friends.
Certainly, Sam was meant for this moment. The boy with demon blood, doomed from birth. Doomed, in point of fact, long before birth, the much-anticipated result of a careful cultivation of bloodlines. Sam, destined to doubt, to question, to dissent. And he had fulfilled every prophecy, acted and reacted just as it had been foretold. Yet none of these actions, these truths, came close to elucidating who Sam truly was.
What good would it do her, do either of them, for her to give up now? They belonged to each other; whether she stayed or went, she would still be with him. Unlike that future Prosper, she had yet to find a line that she wouldn't cross for him.
Prosper was pressed close against his back, Dean was even now crossing the room to return to him. Castiel had mere seconds to find a way to end this, to extricate himself. Something very like panic clawed at the base of his throat. He swallowed and stared fixedly at the wall, darting a glance at Dean as he circled the bed, as he sat down beside him.
After the failed exorcism, after Dean managed to see and talk to Cas for all of five seconds before Lucifer took back control, and Crowley went to the mat for them and then immediately bugged out along with Rowena (like mother, like son), after Lucifer completely failed to take Amara out, and she disappeared fuck only knows where with him (and, more importantly, Cas), Dean drank three beers too many and collapsed face first into bed.
They burst through before Dean could even catch up, Mary first, followed by Sam, and by the time Dean cleared the door it was all over, entering the cell just in time to watch Prosper and Temperance harry a hulking hyena-looking dæmon far back enough to put it in reach of Mary's blade. It disappeared when she stabbed it, and the demon that had been about to overpower Sam crumpled to the ground.
"Here." His sonorous voice seemed to come from somewhere directly below Castiel. "Please don't kick me."
"It is," Cas agreed, with another slow tugging smile. He shuffled closer, and Dean leaned in, and kissed him for a second time. Castiel, angel of the fucking Lord, who had raised Dean from perdition and loved him beyond anything he had ever deserved. Cas, his best friend, and Dean got to kiss him a second time. Cas stepped away, the shadow of his wings stretching out wide and intricately fine along the grass. "I'll be back soon to let you know what I've found," he promised Dean solemnly. Dean nodded, and Cas disappeared with a whisper of sound.
"How about the two of you walk the rest of the way back home?" Prosper said from the back seat. Which wasn't much of a threat, since they were only a couple of miles out, but then again, Prosper also didn't waste time with empty bluffs.
If Castiel cared to be kind to himself, he might call it a tactical retreat. But in truth, it was flight, simple abandonment of the position in response to an overwhelming force.
"Whoa," he said, stretching a hand out for Prosper, finding and leaning on her, as the bars of the cage crumbled like slag rock, leaving Michael standing on what was now essentially a raised dais. All it needed was a fucking throne. And then Dean did hear something, a growing wail, a cacophony of shrieks.
" - That's how it would've gone, if we had both lived. I wouldn't have ever told you." He wouldn't even have admitted it to himself, much less told Cas about it. He would have clung to the job, to the road, until Sam either dug his heels in and refused to keep going at it or, even more likely, until Dean had his own personal come-to-Jesus moment, some call to close dismiss. Aging reflexes making him too slow on the draw, maybe, or getting tossed across the room and breaking a freaking hip. And Cas would've picked him up, and patched him up, and followed him on to the next hunt or on into retirement, aging his vessel along with Dean, keeping pace with him through the years, and Dean would have just taken it for granted. Not Cas, exactly, but the idea of Cas in his orbit, like that was just where Cas was supposed to be. Like Dean wasn't the luckiest fucker on the planet, to have somehow managed to spend his life with the guy. "You're my...hell, 'best friend' can barely begin to cover it, and I couldn't even - "
Dean reached out, a brief, glancing touch along Cas' elbow. "This is Castiel," he said to Mary. "Cas, this is Gallant and Mary...Winchester."
"Like it's any better now." Dean chuckled at that, and set his beer to the side so he could bury his hand in her fur. Prosper had tried to be cautious, to keep a careful protective distance between herself and Dean, but the truth was that she had forgiven him almost as soon as he came through the door and into Cas' room to talk to her that night. He had turned on the lamp, sat down in the chair and started talking about John and Clementine, and honestly? There hadn't even been anything to forgive anymore. She knew it all; she
"You're evading the question. When you stood in front of Jack and told him you would be his fourth, what did you feel in that moment?"
Less than a week later, Temperance and Sam reappeared just in time to rescue them from a vision of Azazel.
"Sit down, buddy," Dean said, his cheerfulness only partially forced. He shoved the empty beer bottles out of the way, patted the newly cleared patch of floor at his side. Cas stared at them a moment longer, looking from Dean, to the old photos spread out across his legs, to Prosper. He came around the counter, slumping down into the space that Dean had indicated.
Castiel sat up, directing his gaze down toward Dean's stomach as he thought, searching for an excuse he could offer.
"Same as it's always been," Ash said, popping back up from behind the bar with two cans of beer in either hand. He kept two for himself and slid the other two along the counter to Charlie and Dean. "Since the beginning of time, man. All the innovation happens down here in the trenches, you know? Where people are thirsty." He ripped his beer open and drained the can, then crushed it on the counter. "Then the big man comes in, a little pressure here, a little tweak there, and what're you left with?" He threw his arms out and looked at Dean, like he actually expected an answer.
"Who the hell was that?" Dean snapped. Then, low and harsh, "Cas, get outta there. How many angels are you with?"
Fortunately, Castiel understood this aspect of human interaction. Dean felt compelled to check in with him, believed it to be his duty, as a friend and brother-in-arms. Castiel knew what was expected of him.
, said it so damn easily, like there was hardly any difference to them between Dean and Prosper and these distant cousins. He and Temperance were so strangely different, coolly practical and matter-of-fact about the decisions they had made. But then, Prosper and Dean were different too. Standing together in this kitchen where Dean made breakfast nearly every morning for Ben, where Lisa would often turn around in the evening and press a beer against Dean's chest and a lingering kiss against his lips while Neco pawed Prosper teasingly at the level of their legs, Prosper knew they were almost unrecognizable.
, enough to make the Mark throb. Dean knew what he ought to be feeling right now: sick, ashamed, like his heart was chewing its way free of his body. But the Mark was taking care of all that for him, turning it to rage. She wasn't anything but a weakness, the same as Cas. Just another stupid dream.
"You're in pain," Castiel said, "but I can't feel it any longer." Constant launched himself from his wrist, retreating to the sky.
He was iridescently black, his feathers taking on a deep blue sheen beneath the morning sun. He was large-bodied, comparable in size to Temperance, though his wingspan was a full foot shorter. He had a stong, bold bill, and a ruff of longer, almost puffy plumage along his throat.
Sam nodded distractedly, his gaze moving from Dean to Prosper, his expression wandering somewhere between hurt and thoughtful. "Can I ask you something?" He asked Prosper.
"Don't know who the hell else would be bothered to. Come on, damn it, come on." The engine sputtered and caught, and Prosper turned and sprang over his lap to the passenger seat. Dean shut the door behind them both.
"Bobby and Sam aren't going to see it our way," Prosper said quietly, ruining the moment. Dean huffed and looked away. Down the aisle of cars, weeds and wildflowers sprouting up around empty wheel wells, stretching on and on until they abutted against the fencing. Trees and overgrowth took over at that point, and beyond that, out of sight but not out of hearing, was the road.
Constant hid among the refuse at the back of a diner, watching from below as the dæmon passed overhead once again. He had spent more time than he liked reaching a sizeable town where he could seek refuge. He could have more quickly taken shelter in one of the several homes he flew past on his way here, but an angel would think nothing of laying waste to a single home. Destroying an entire town in pursuit of one dæmon, however, that would not be undertaken without a direct command, especially considering the low opinion angels had of the importance of dæmons. Constant had weighed the odds, and was fairly confident that the angel would abandon the pursuit. It was already drawing unwanted attention, the humans below stopping in their tracks to crane their necks up and point at the lone dæmon circling over their heads, with that unerring recognition of a dæmon that all humans possessed. And Malachi already had his prize: he had Castiel.
"What about Meg?" Seeing that he now knew that the whole damn thing was a trap, Dean snapped his jaw shut and kept it that way. "She was a demon, and Cas didn't hate her. Kind of the opposite, actually."
Castiel stood facing the spot where Anna had been. His feet were planted as if braced for an attack, but his shoulders were slumping down in increments as Prosper watched. That was new, too. He lifted a hand, and now Prosper could hear his feet as he slowly marched away, the silver cat following behind him.
"I don't know, Dean. I'm sorry." And Dean believed that too, but that wasn't goddamn good enough. The Castiel from a year ago would have done more than be sorry, he would help them fucking
"What now?" Mary asked calmly, staring at the phone. Her hands were the only thing to give her away; she kept running her palms back and forth across each other, slowly, like she was soothing herself with her own touch.
"You do that," Prosper said flatly, and left. And she hadn't thought of Dean since, or Sam or Castiel, except to marvel on occasion at how amazing it felt to no longer need or want them.
"I think he is," Prosper said stoutly. Her tail swished across the floor. "Like Dust. We all know it's there, people can measure it and stuff, but we can't see or control it."
"Or some big, bad boss demon," Dean said, looking back up at Flo. "But I'm guessing at your pay grade that they don't tell you squat. 'Cause whoever it was, they want me out, and they're a lot stronger than you."
"It's a simple matter," Cas answered, lying through his teeth, although Dean didn't think that Linda and Kevin could tell. It was in the tight lines around his mouth, in the thousand-yard stare he was directing somewhere beyond Kevin and Linda's heads. Dean and Sam exchanged a look, a whole conversation flying between them. Sam frowned and gave a one-shouldered shrug, Temperance fluffing her wings in a mimicking motion, a clear,
Cas didn't answer, looking up instead. Dean followed his gaze, just in time to catch sight of something large and black as it swooped down toward him, soundless aside from the rustle of its wings. Dean raised his arm, not thinking, just moving. As if his arm, his heart, his whole body, had just been waiting on this moment. This weight. These curling talons.
Roughly an hour later, the link snapped fully back into place, ricocheting through her like a bullet. She was flooded with Dean: bleary confusion, then growing horror, shame, humiliation. She knew Dean was feeling her too, her desperation, her sudden overwhelming loneliness. They were human again, somehow. Sam and Temperance had found a way.
"How about a little coffee with that sugar?" Dean said, because if Cas felt like just rolling over and taking it that was on him, but Dean sure as shit wasn't going to sit here and listen to it.
The first thing he remembered clearly was the slow circling of the fan blades above him, stirring the cool air, seeming to move in time to the softly murmuring voice coming from somewhere near the bed.
"We're worried," Prosper said defensively. Temperance didn't answer, turning her head to the side to look at her instead. She spread her wings, flapping them awkwardly as she hopped down from the roof of the bus, landing at Prosper's side.
April put her hand on his shoulder, pressing herself against him, and Castiel thought of Dean, laughing roughly and pulling Castiel into his embrace, his arms around him, his body tight with the fierceness of his relief. Dean standing in front of him before Enochian warded windows, leaning forward to better communicate his urgency, his hands moving between them, begging Castiel to stop. Dean with his hand on Castiel's wrist, begging Castiel to stop. Dean's hand on his shoulder, the curl of his fingers, the sincerity in his eyes and voice when he told Castiel to never change. But Castiel had failed in this, too.
, had seen the moment through Dean and Prosper's eyes when Sam and Temperance had removed hands and talons from their throats, had risen up, impossibly tall and far away, and disappeared through the doorway.
"You need to stop talking to humans about lost wings and angel radio," Constant said to Castiel, as he turned away from the truck, clutching the warm coins and damp bills that the man had forced into his hand.
"Fine," Dean bit out, so quietly that Castiel only heard him from within, the thought tempered with fear, with frustration and faith. Hands on his collar, jerking him forward, a hard mouth against his, a peppering of fierce, biting kisses against his lips, and then Dean let him go, and he and Sam were following Clarimond into the house, one final touch of Prosper's nose against Castiel's hand as she trailed after them. Castiel stepped off the porch, narrowing his eyes against the rising gale.
"Well, I sleep," Mary said as she entered the room. She smiled at Jack when he looked at her, then walked past him to drop her duffel on the far bed. "You should try it, Jack. It helps to reset after a long, strange day."
The fucked up thing was, Dean believed him. He said it with such quiet certainty, he didn't blink or look away, and that just showed how screwy everything was, that Cas' nerve-tingling staring habit was suddenly a source of comfort.
"My apologies. I was curious -" He cut himself off as Meg slid across the seat, as she slid her hand in a shockingly hot trail along his leg.
He thought, casting the question out, but of course Constant wasn't wheeling above his head or waiting in the trees. Castiel focused inward instead, drawing his grace tight around him, searching through molecules, through Dust and subatomic particles.
"Solid enough plan." Bobby wouldn't know what hit him. Dean looked at Jo, leaned in toward her. She smelled like cotton and steel, fucking perfect. "What about you?" This was where he would normally say something about making bad decisions, and about him maybe being one of them, but not with Ellen staring him down across the table.
"It's the right thing," Dean insisted. "Look, they can't come back to the bunker. Not until we get this whole Ezekiel situation taken care." He drummed his fingers on the wheel, gathering his thoughts. "And anyway, we should take it slow. Right? Don't go jumping in nose over ass for once. Cas and Connie, this is all brand freaking new for them. They're like a kid. Makes me feel kinda skeevy, putting the moves on him."
"He grabbed me," Viridius said, huddling as best he could between Daphne's knees. Daphne shuddered, and Emanuel hastened to pull the ropes away, freeing her to wrap her arms around Viridius' neck.
"Jerk," she said. Then, as they all watched in shock, she scrabbled up his arm, onto his shoulder. Michael used his free hand to help her find purchase, his fingers delving casually into her fur, moving along her back. She half-perched, half-draped herself along his shoulder and the back of his neck, and Michael stood up, looking down on them imperiously.
Hours later, Castiel was once again walking along a road. Constant left his shoulder often to fly overhead, swooping back down to warn Castiel of approaching cars, so that they could retreat into the trees, avoiding contact with humans until they were able to put a more considerable distance between themselves and the broken remains of Hael's vessel. Each step that Castiel took seemed to reverberate throughout his body, pain receptors that he could no longer silence crying out in chorus. As an angel, he had of course been aware of damage suffered by his vessel. Admittedly, he hadn't paid as much attention to it after Jimmy Novak died, leaving Castiel oddly bereft and ending the concern of returning him to his family in good repair. But Castiel was a soldier; basic maintenance of a vessel was simply standard practice. Thus, he always took care to not ignore the sensations that his vessel communicated to him: he often experienced physical pain. But it had never before felt so overpoweringly immediate. It was very distracting.
When Dean could see again, could understand anything again beyond blinding purity and implacable wrath, he lowered the arms that he didn't remember raising to shelter his head, and stared at the empty cavern, the neat ashen piles littered across the floor. He spun around, nearly tripping over his own unsteady feet and grabbing on to Sam for support, and saw Michael, still standing in the remains of the cage, his skin glowing with the last vestiges of light.
"What's got you thinking so hard?" Evangeline asked her the next day as they scouted together. The Rawhead had largely been a bust, but it had given them another trail to follow. Supposedly there was some half-breed wandering around, trading information on where to hunt an angel in exchange for meat. Prosper didn't answer; she had nothing to say to a bloodsucker, even if she did secretly enjoy her company. "Worried about that angel of yours?"
"Exactly," Dean said. He put a hand on Cas' knee, glad that they were on the same page. He knew Jack wasn't really theirs anymore, at least, not the way he used to be, but some things were hard to let go of. Some things he absolutely fucking refused to let go of.
"That's between you and Dean," he said, as if surprised that anyone would ever imply otherwise. "But, Prosper." He looked away, then back at her. "If the spell took over, and I hurt you...I couldn't bear that."
"We'll find another way. I can..." he tried to gather his sluggish thoughts, stretching his bare, aching wings. "I can return to heaven. Balthazar stole the majority of the artifacts we once housed, but there may be something that he overlooked."
"Prosper," he said, nodding to her as he passed, fixing her with his steady dark eyes. Prosper ignored him, her hackles wanting to raise at the thought of Jokasta somewhere behind her, and went into the kitchen.
"If everyone could please give me a moment," the bat dæmon said, "I'm still reconciling myself to my existence."
"Ah. Apologies." Castiel followed after his mouth, found it again, lost himself again. He wrapped his arm around Dean's waist, held him, such an unexpected gift, to be able to hold him like this. Dean kissed him in return, but far too briefly, pulling away again. "Dean," Castiel said, vexed.
"Huh? The beer?" Dean stared down at the bottle in his hand, then back up at Jack. "No, the beer's fine." The beer, as a matter of fact, was a mini-miracle in itself. It tasted like cool relief on a hot, clinging day, tasted like the clink of glasses, the small vibrating contact of a toast between friends, like Sam's bleary voice that one time he had drunk too much at a party in high school and Dean had picked him up, and Sam had mumbled on and on for hours about a paper he was writing and about how he and Dean should go on a road trip, right now, tonight. But Dean wasn't going to try and explain any of that.
"I could make you tell me," Dean said, not even sure himself whether he was threatening the guy or flirting with him. Hell, why pick one, why not both? Cas smiled, one of those edge-of-his-mouth smiles, the creases around his eyes growing more pronounced. He reached out, copying Dean like he always did when it came to stuff like this, like he was never sure what precisely was allowed until Dean did it first, curling one long finger around the loop of Dean's jeans.
"Fine. You two, uh." He hesitated, not quite able to bring himself to thank them, and forget about trying to say anything about the mini-epiphany he'd had in front of the cage, huddled around the table with them. "Take care, alright?" Prosper was already waiting by the door; Dean looked at Sam and Mary, motioning with his chin. "Let's roll."
"I'm all ears, kid." His hand dropped to his side, his blade appearing in his grip, the spiraling point, the twisting length.
So they already knew. Castiel glanced at Sam, who only grimaced apologetically in answer. He looked back to Prosper, nodded soberly. The least he could do was face her.
"Right," Sam said wearily, his hand coming up to pinch along the bridge of his nose. He was nearly the same sickly hue as Temperance. "Hunters on Mom's side, Legacies on Dad's."
He had no plan as of yet as to how he would rescue Castiel, but he was certain there must be a way. Perhaps he could somehow convince or deceive another angel into aiding him. More simply but necessitating further delay in Castiel's rescue, perhaps he could steal a human's phone and use it to contact Dean. But first, he needed to discover where they had taken him.
, as he stared out across the yard. The heat had come up with the sun, was starting to hang thick in the air and cling to his skin in just the way he'd always liked, and with Cas gone there weren't any lingering, looming storm clouds to sweep it away. It was shaping into the perfect day for a long drive, or for getting under the hood of his latest car, or for just puttering around outside, enjoying home. It hadn't escaped Dean's notice that the grass had started to take a little longer to grow back than it used to, a slowed pace to match his flagging interest. So maybe it had been his doing, like Sam had said. Maybe he had needed it to grow, so he could cut it back, control it. But recently he didn't mind so much to let it be, to let it stretch and reach a bit. There was time, after all. All the time he'd ever wanted, and not a moment more.
. He and Sam stood shoulder to shoulder and focused their lights on the banishing sigil, oversized and drawn with blood.
And then the way Cas had looked at him, when they tracked him down, and Dean had shoved him backwards, into the motel room and up against the wall. A world of resignation in his eyes and not one drop of remorse. And honestly? Dean could forgive that too, especially when Sam snapped his name and Dean had turned around to see Kelly Kline standing there. It was obvious what had happened. Cas had done what he always did, thrown himself in front, sacrificing everything so that nobody else had to. He was an idiot, but they could work on that. Every couple had their issues, right?
Here was one of Dean's most treasured possessions: his collection of photos. Castiel took a moment to glance over the topmost images, Bobby glowering up at the camera from under his cap, Delia at his side as always, Sam sleeping sprawled across a motel bed, a crude depiction of a phallus drawn across his cheek, then he shut the lid firmly and returned it to its place. He was reaching for the next container when the sound of Dean's approaching footsteps reached him. Castiel lifted the nearest book and flipped it open, stared blindly at the page before him.
Prosper sure wasn't doing anything to save their image. "Cas!" She said, bounding away from Dean as soon as he was back on his feet, skidding to a halt in front of Castiel. "We thought you were dead." Her tail was swishing in a joyful circle.
Prosper looked to Temperance for help, but she and Sam were already gone, out the back door. She didn't see how she was supposed to keep these Campbells from pawing through Lisa's possessions, so she decided instead to observe their dæmons. It was their best bet for getting a bead on their new-found cousins.
"No, but it should." Fuck, he was such a bastard. "C'mon, a month ago they were an angel and also hadn't even met each other. We should take it slow," he repeated, more firmly.
They turned a corner, just in time to see the slippered heel of Castiel's other favorite being disappear from sight. Given a home and a measure of security, Dean Winchester apparently shed layers, wandering the bunker's cavernous rooms draped in soft robes and house shoes of cloth. It was, in typical Dean fashion, fascinatingly unexpected. If Castiel were human, this fleeting image and the muffled sound of Dean and Prosper's padding footfalls would be his only hint of their presence. As an angel, however, he was incredibly aware of them, most particularly of the stone wall of implacable anger that Dean had erected around them both. Dean's trust was a city long-accustomed to siege, and Castiel had returned to find the gates barred against him.
"Yeah, just. Just work with me here." Dean tugged on his coat, nudged with his hip, and Castiel followed clumsily along until they had changed positions. Dean half-sat, half-fell backward onto the bed, Prosper jumping up beside him, clearly needing to be close. He used the grip on Castiel's jacket to pull him down; he hadn't moved or altered his hold on it since they began, and there was something about this that almost pained Castiel, something innocent, something that he knew he must never injure. He allowed Dean to move him as he desired, to command with hands and wordless grunts, until he was half crouched on the bed, half on Dean's lap, and Dean was below him, his face upturned, and this - why did this -
"Yeah, you're telling me." They were walking side by side, away from the car where Jimmy was saying goodbye to his family.
Prosper moved toward him, prowling forward as only Prosper could, and Castiel braced himself, prepared for whatever sentence she chose to mete out. She drew closer, and closer still.
"You better clean that up quick before Sam and Bobby get back." She stalked to the door. "Let me out."
Sam cleared his throat. "You know, there's a spot down the road that I think you might like. For a place of your own."
"Beings," Dean said, latching on to the word. "As in more than one." He already knew, but he looked at Cas anyway. "You got anything you want to volunteer right about now, buddy? Any system upgrades you haven't gotten around to mentioning?" Cas didn't blink or look away, but he did dip his chin down in a clipped, resigned acknowledgement. "Fucking unbelievable. And when exactly were the two of you gonna get around to mentioning any of this to me?"
"Look, don't you think you should ease up on him a little? I mean, you probably know better than anyone how eaten up he is over - "
"Okay." She touched him again, brushing her head against the fabric of his pants, a less shocking form of contact and one that they had shared before. Castiel waited until she left the room, then climbed the stairs and stepped outside.
"Wishful thinking, but maybe it's just the wind," Dean said, and then the lights hanging above them began to burst, scattering sparks and bits of glass, and the barn doors curved in toward them, creaking as if a giant hand was pushing them inexorably forward. The crossbar snapped like a twig, the doors swung open, and Dean watched through cascades of flaring light as a man-shaped creature stepped across the salt line and past each symbol Bobby had spray painted across every available surface. The failing lights illuminated him haphazardly; flashes of a face devoid of anticipation, hunger, triumph, any of the emotions Dean might expect from the thing that rode him out of hell and burned a woman's eyes out for daring to peek. Dean lifted his sawed-off, and shot him square in the chest.
"Why are we doing this?" Castiel asked Constant later that night, after Metatron and his dæmon finally fell asleep in the back seat. He would rather stop the car. He would rather kill Metatron and hoard his grace. He would rather perish.
She caught him as he was going out the back door, the trench coat bunched up small and heavy in one hard hand. "What're you doing with that?" She asked accusingly, circling around to confront him. He glared at her, his eyes dark and turbulent with grief.
"Thank you." He glanced at her out of the corner of his eye, hesitating over something, his lips pressing down in thought, then placed his hand carefully on the arm rest. Prosper nosed forward and set her chin down on the back of his fingers, a burst of giddy pleasure moving through her at the deliberate, incredible intimacy. Cas smiled faintly, a dragging effort at the corner of his mouth.
"We're running out of time," Lovelace said. "Sam, throw Mother over one of those burly shoulders and let's go. I promise you we only have moments until the rest of hell catches on."
Cas' face was so near that Dean could track every minute shift in expression, could measure the upward curl of his lips as he smiled, even in the low dawn light. "Knowing that it could end is part of what makes existence meaningful. You taught me that." He looked away, his expression faltering. "I'm not sure that I should have told you, actually. It's not a secret, but Jack's hope was that the souls here would come to realize the truth on their own, as they explored and questioned heaven."
Castiel reached between them, wrapped his hand around Dean's fingers where they were entangled in the fabric of his suit. Dean let go only reluctantly, his knuckles blanched white from the intensity of his grip. Castiel lowered his head to kiss his palm. He held it clasped between them as he kissed Dean's mouth again, as Dean allowed him to ease them both down onto the bed. Avaricious, he moved Dean's hand above his head simply for the hedonistic pleasure of observing the stretch of Dean's body, and when Dean smirked up at him and said, "Looking a little hungry there, Cas," Castiel felt perfectly justified in stopping his mouth with his own. Dean's free hand clamped down on Castiel's hip; he used this and his bent knee and the invitational splay of his body to urge Castiel down on top of him. It was entirely too much, this sudden glut of Dean, but Castiel wouldn't balk no matter how overwhelmed, not unless Dean or Prosper bid him stop. He pressed himself into Dean, pressed them both against the bed, his breath huffing out hard and unbidden when their hips came together, his hand, holding Dean's hand, sliding slowly up the bed as he stretched himself down and over Dean, sliding inadvertently under the pillow, bumping against something cold and metallic. A well of still, latent power.
"Exactly. So, let's not." She didn't say anything, and he grabbed on to the flesh and fur between her shoulder blades, shook her gently. "Think you can keep a lid on it?"
Except it hadn't been fire, or hellfire. It hadn't been like anything he had ever seen before. He glanced at Prosper, sitting beside him and keeping an eye on Sam and the exits. He could feel her exhaustion, something deeper and more dragging than what he was currently feeling. The waitress walked away and Dean started to reach down toward her, but then Sam came hurrying back to the table, and Dean let his hand drop.
"You mean like - " Dean made a slashing motion with his thumb at the level of his throat, but Jack just stared at him. "Like - " He stacked his hands on top of each other, torqueing them in either direction in a wringing motion, but that didn't seem to help either. "Like ganking it?" He finally said, exasperated.
" - Where's Diarmuid?" Sam interrupted, helping Rowena briskly to her feet, cutting her off mid-diatribe. It was all theatrics anyway, the woman couldn't help herself.
She felt the vibrations of their approach through the pads of her paws before she heard or smelled them. Prosper turned. "Open it."
He wandered about the house until he found the bathroom, then turned the light on and stared at the face staring back at him in the mirror. He was young, or young enough to have gathered only the beginnings of age around his eyes. His body was fit and healthy. He looked on: dark blue eyes, a mess of dark hair. He did not know this face, this body. He dragged a hand along one cheek, pulling at the skin; the man in the mirror copied him, eyes narrowing in consideration. This wasn't him, he was
"It's easier when the wound is fresh," Cas answered, still fighting against him. "And I'm fine." He slung an arm around Dean's shoulder. "I just need some fresh air."
Castiel's expression tightened minutely, the sole indication that he might be aggravated by Dean's words. "You said there have been new developments?"
"There is no reason for anger," Cas said, going on to explain how the Word of God was basically a Bat Signal to the next prophet, and how the angels, of course, were supposed to whisk the guy away to read it some place where it wouldn't do humanity a lick of good. What was the point of that? Why even write an instruction manual that only one guy could read, then take the guy away from the people who needed the manual, to build the whatever-it-was, to take out the Leviathan?
