"I was starting to think you had a fixation with my butt," he said dryly, to mask his growing nervousness. He tested the bonds, and didn't find much give at all. At least his legs were free, he thought, and tried to to find a position that would afford him some privacy.
"Don't get this on my suit," Stark said, holding out a spoonful of soup. "You can't afford it."
Prompts used:
There came a tearing sound, and then Stark began to stretch the bandages over him, taping his skin back together like a jigsaw. "See, every piece of decent technology they're using in the military these days, I'm the brains behind it. The stuff that came out of my labs today is going to do more good than you could in a lifetime, prancing around in your reds and blues. You want to serve your country? Just lie back and spread your legs for me, keep me happy. You get it?"
Long enough to curse himself for getting inside, a thousand times over. Stark hadn't even been present, the mysterious Jarvis nothing but a voice from afar. No one hand manhandled him into the cage. He'd crawled right into it himself, and tucked meekly into a ball so it could lock behind him.
Steve had thought earlier was torture, but now there was hardly room for coherent thought. There was no longer even discomfort; the oil had heated to a delicious, sticky warmth, and he had no escape from the assault, whether the toy relentlessly filling him from behind, or the way his bucking motions rubbed his cock against the too-soft padding of the bed in front. Not enough friction, not enough pressure. He realized he was moaning wantonly, drooling around the gag, but he couldn't find it within himself to care. He just needed a little more—
The man was having none of it, and hit him on the back of the head, absently, like he might bang an electronic that wasn't working right.
"You're like a little slug, aren't you?"
There had been so much motion that stillness felt wrong. His first thought wasn't relief, but devastation. He was at the end of the cycle, so achingly hard, pressure building in his balls—but the timer chose this moment to run out.  Humiliatingly, he began to rock himself against the machine, chasing one last orgasm. He was so close, he was sure another few thrusts would have sent him over the edge. But he was still pinned in place, and found no relief in the tiny movements he could manage.
moved within him, and he couldn't help but snap his hips against it. The friction felt so, so good.
That meant he saw the manacles spring out and snap over his arms and legs.
"I know you have some old-timey values, Cap," said Stark casually, and it stung even more to be called that, a title for a hero, when he was currently anything but. "But in this modern day and age, we have this concept of paying our debts."
About to ask, Steve choked instead. A hard pressure on his trachea squeezed his throat, constricting his airway. The collar was tightening on him, cutting off his breath to a desperate wheeze, and then nothing.
Steve gave a strangled cry around Nat's strap-on, but held himself back from moving, from fighting it. Resistance would get him nowhere.
Not that there was very far to go.
Utterly defeated, he got into the coffin, telling himself that there was nothing left that hadn't already been done to him, no humiliation or pain he had left to suffer.
was the thought that sent him right over the edge—
Without warning, the hard length slid out of Steve's ass. He hadn't felt it going in, but it was an uncomfortable scrape on its way out, leaving him cold and empty.
Instead of holding still, Steve jerked his head around. "You're going to do it now?"
"Don't fight it," said the voice. The prince. "Ice can't hurt you. Far from it, ice can only rescue you from the pain."
And jammed the base of it down, plunging it directly into Stark's chest.
Prompts used:
Like an ice pack, Steve thought. Like his mother's cool hands on his bruised flesh.
Stark was staring into his eyes, a wordless entreaty in his gaze. Whatever held him still didn't allow anything more.
A man like Stark wouldn't risk it.
"Yes," Steve admitted. He'd made that promise to his own imagination, thinking he was about to die. He'd never thought the voice could have been real, could have actually come for him—nor that it could even represent a more horrifying fate than Stark.
Stark didn't stuff him back into it, but arranged him over it, face down. Forced into a kneeling position, the height of the cage—claustrophobically low from within—was just high enough to bend him over at the waist.
"I pulled you out of the ice once, and believe me, it wasn't cheap. If I think you've learned your lesson, I'll get you out of here again. But believe me when I tell you this—I will
And if he failed again—
The door creaked open.
on, Cap?" he said, pleasantly, and Steve choked trying to deny it. His body was crying out for more, his penis rock hard and dripping into the pillow it nestled against. What could he say against that?
He half hoped so, that they hadn't lived to see a world like this.
"I'm gonna put one on your pretty ass because you asked for it," Stark said. "But this is the official one. Don't move."
A rough hand, nearly large enough to engulf both his wrists, pinning them down over his head. A second pressing down on the back of his skull, smothering his face into the the soft, sweat-damp surface beneath him.
He lost time in the excruciating pain, vaguely aware that Stark was moving around him. Eventually the current subsided, but before he could begin to unclench his muscles, Stark was back, and picking him up like he weighed nothing.
"These observances are becoming more frequent," Thor mused. "It saddens me to think what it might mean." He was putting his pants back on, and Steve had a moment of hope that it meant he wouldn't have to take that particular cock anymore.
"He's never been awake for this before," said the man. It was the word "before" that sent chills down Steve's spine. How many times had been taken by this man, and never even known it? "I don't know, it's weird."
There was nothing for it. Steve fled.
Steve could imagine those full lips quirking upwards; he could hear the smile in her voice as she spoke down to him, in a confiding tone, "Don't worry. Tony's not done with you yet, and he doesn't normally share. Me and Clint, we're his family, is all."
"Look at that, zero to full mast. Like a freaking race car."
Face still held firmly fixed, Steve couldn't look down, but he felt the raw skin of his neck with disbelieving hands.
"Found something neat in archives, and had the boys in PR spin this up. They really enjoyed cutting the footage, I'll tell you."
Fighting down a surge of hopelessness, he went to the door next, and found it, naturally, locked. Before he could really put his shoulder into it, he heard footsteps outside, and quickly moved to the hinge side, so that when it opened, he'd be hidden behind it.
Steve's hand fell on ice instead, wet and freezing cold, and the sensation sent a jolt of true terror through him.
"I don't think god is listening," Stark chuckled, patting the plug happily. Every tap seemed to make it move a mile inside Steve, brushing that magical spot, sending another jolt of shameful pleasure through him. No matter how he squirmed and shifted, he couldn't avoid the feeling. Every twitch went straight to his cock, and it didn't take long before he was rock hard again, dripping, trying to stop himself from grinding helplessly against the bed.
The metal collar that had choked and shocked him, that he'd clutched at hundreds of times, trying to find an inch of give, a single scrap of mercy, crumbled to bits at a single touch.
Steve tried to hold himself back from the bed, but then that
"Ooh, so close." Stark appeared on the ceiling again, watching him with interest. "You know, this is taking a lot longer than I expected. But it's not enough, is it? You're fucked out of your head, and it's still not enough for a little slut like you."
Instead, Stark reached into his jacket and drew out a slim rectangle that was apparently his phone. Squinted at the screen, and then let out a theatrical groan. As he put the device to his ear, he seemed to change his mind about what device he was going to grab, and settled on a blue, plug-shaped thing that flared at one end, like the spade in a suit of cards.
"You know this is going in one way or another," Stark said. With a few hours of sleep in him, he seemed chipper, amused rather than irritated at this show of resistance. "Don't make me do airplane noises."
When Steve made no move, Loki said, "Continue," and Steve did so.
"Where would that be?" Steve snapped, just as nozzles opened along the sides of the coffin.
It sounded like a threat.
Steve supposed that would take some of the shock out of it for Stark. But it was the best he could do with what he had.
"You don't have to do this, Jarvis," Steve said, hoarsely, when he could. "You don't have to follow his orders, please. Are you a captive too? I'll help you, please."
He suspected this because of the familiar faces in the room: Nat, perched on the arm of the same couch, sipping from a glass, and Clint sat a ways off aloof and distant. The sight of their faces hit Steve like a sucker punch, and he could almost smell the clinical scent of the infirmary, feel the weakness in his limbs as the drugs kept him at their mercy, a parade of strangers helping themselves to his body in an endless fever dream. Two of those strangers were here today, and he wouldn't have been surprised if everyone in the room had fucked him already, during his stay.
Stark grasped his hair and pulled his head back by the roots, and Steve inhaled raggedly, frantically, as his neck was bent back, terrified that the breath was going to be taken from him again.
"You'll have to do better than that. Ask me nicely. Where are those old-timey manners?"
It was like that every time he woke. Brief snatches of awareness, body thrown into a different position each time, fucked at a different angle. Was it all one interminable session, or had he been in this limbo for the eternity that it felt like?
Giving no room for resistance, they lifted his legs until his hips and lower back left the bed. When they pushed down, they bent his legs double, pressing his knees to his chest with a terrifying pressure. Steve let out a yelp, but they didn't crush him, only threatened to, and that's where they held him, immobilized, open, terrifyingly exposed.
The voice that was directly behind him now.
"Ask where the scepter is kept."
"I won't freeze you." Loki's fingers landed on Steve's head, and seemed to lift the thoughts from it. When he tried to flinch away, the fingers tightened, and held him still. "My end of the bargain was to get you out of the ice, not put you back in. Will you keep yours?"
He had to get through this. And that meant he had to get free.
"You can't breathe, can you?" she observed, drawing back just slightly so he could suck in some air. He trembled, waiting, and she patted his hair again. "It's okay. I'm going to go in deeper. You just relax your throat and take it."
"Property of, hmm?" he said, and Steve looked away in shame.
Even his voice was familiar.
"I think he's starting to wake up, Nat," said the guy in front of him. "He's
something, that all those people looked up to him.
He wasn't sure how long he'd been zoned out. Fighting had gotten him nowhere but fucked even more, and his mind had retreated somewhere far away, somewhere cold and claustrophobic and unpleasantly familiar. Now, back in a body that ached in places he didn't know he had, sweat and spunk drying unpleasantly between his legs and on his lips—and, above it all, Stark standing over him expectantly—he longed to go back.
Without warning, the collar loosened, just enough to give him a little sliver of breath, and then it tightened again. Steve jerked himself against the cage, manacles clattering, muscles working frantically, trying futilely to throw Stark off, pull his hands to his throat, anything.
New tags today, and they are sure... some tags. Boy.
"You would still be a popsicle right now if it weren't for my rescue teams, tirelessly combing the oceans, year after year. You have no idea how much of a bill you've racked up, do you?"
He'd been told to clasp his hands behind his back and so he did it, hanging on against every instinct in his body that told him to fight for air, for life.
Day 22: Drugged
Wildly, he looked around, and saw that there was a new arrow, pointing into the corner. Or more accurately, into a cage set into the corner. It was so small he hadn't noticed it at first glance—too small for him to possibly fit.
Something in him broke at that.
"Who would have thought? That super soldier serum, it wasn't for making you the perfect soldier, it was for making you the perfect fucktoy. Look at those gorgeous, ripped thighs. Did you spend hours training for this? Slaving away in the gym, straining, struggling, just to build these muscles for me? So you could clench them so good around my cock? Did you know back then? That everything you did, your entire life till now, was to end up here, nothing but a warm sleeve for my dick. You're obsolete, Cap. In this day and age, that's all you're good for. You shouldn't even be alive. The only purpose of your existence now is to bring me pleasure."
Was this part of his punishment?
And as Loki led him out, he could feel Stark's helpless stare burning into his back the whole way.
New tags once again! Also, the Breathplay tag I added last time comes back in full force, and I go a little darker than I expected. Please proceed with caution!
He wanted to cry out, to at least turn to look at his unseen assailant, but his struggles were weak and ineffectual. The body caging his made no reaction, might not even have noticed his attempts.
The hook was right in front of Steve's face. Shiny, metal, ominously thick. Steve glanced down and saw that a corresponding one had appeared on the footboard. What kind of pervert slept in a bed like this?
Steve turned, and found himself cornered. The ice prince, stood not a few feet away, still grinning that too-wide grin, face lit red from the exit sign and blue from his scepter. He should have been covered in blood, but there wasn't a speck of it on him, not the point of the scepter, not the hand that had held Stark down, not the front of his robes, which should have been speckled with it.
"I have debts too, obviously. I still owe you multiple punishments, for one thing. Your first escape attempt." Crack. "Taking out the plug I'd specifically put in you—big no no. I'll have to train you out of that." Crack. "And trying to attack me. Cute, but unacceptable. At this rate, you're never going to catch up."
Stark's snoring hitched briefly, and Steve froze, heart hammering in his throat. He waited until it resumed before he began to fumble with the knot on his ankles, hasty now, like he could outrun Stark waking up. It was difficult to see in the dark, but he managed to dig a fingernail into the tight knot, and begin to tease it free—
When he heard them approach, his eyes swiveled to look at them, as far as they could go without being able to turn his neck. Steve remembered being that helplessly, and felt an unfamiliar dark emotion kindling in his chest.
"It's not going to work, stop it," he muffled against the ball in his mouth, producing less sound than drool. But Stark was relentless, and Steve had the feeling he would break before the intrusion did. Eventually it must have sunk in as far as it would go, because there came a condescending pat on one of his cheeks, and the sense of Stark stepping back for a moment, leaving it in him. What, was he having a cigarette break?
Day 16: Forced to Beg
Pressed against the glass, Steve tried to shift, find a more comfortable position, and couldn't hold back a whimper. The enormous intrusion made it painful to move, even so much as
Thanks for the continued feedback, and especial thanks to
Even if he could get out there, where would he go? Everyone he had known might well be dead by now, past the limits of a mortal lifespan.
"I own you," Stark said, as if in answer, and a part of Steve responded to it. Stark had captured him, tied him down, was using his wrecked body like an object, a plaything. "I own you, and this is all you'll ever amount to, from now on. Just a warm set of holes for me to fuck whenever I want. Thank me, fucktoy. Thank me, for showing you your true purpose. Thank me, for making you the cocksleeve you were always destined to be."
He'd never be able to prove that Buck was still alive, somewhere, like his heart was telling him—if he'd survived the train, he was surely dead now, of old age, just like Peggy, just like everyone else from that time.
And now, apparently, sharing Steve, passing him back and forth like a party favor.
Once he got a grip on it, he pulled, ignoring the strange sensation of it breaching muscles that had closed up around it—half pleasure and half pain, and by his own hand, this time.
"Yep, got a new toy," Stark said into the phone.
Steve Rogers, a man out of time, was utterly alone.
"That's where you'd be," Stark's voice cut through the memory, and Steve surfaced with a gasp.
That was exactly how it felt, as little sense as it made. He nodded, weakly, the movement pushing a few ice cubes away from his chin. Others fell in to replace them.
Day 14: Branding
"For attacking me," Stark came back with a bottle and the glass, "the whip. You got off light on that one, honestly."
Steve's eyes opened, tried to focus. Stark was reading something in front of him that only he could see, and he began to swipe his free hand in the air, as if paging through a giant, invisible book.
But terror stopped him short.
"This is going to be the rest of your life," Stark mused, on one of the upswings. "Might keep you chained to my bed. Use your holes whenever I want. Play with your breathing like this."
Dread flooded Steve's limbs, and he muffled a protest into the pillow.
The sting came again, not on the curve of his cheek, as he'd expected, but at the base of his spine, right above the crack of his ass.
It was all too fast for him to do more than inexpertly bob around it, but Stark didn't seem to expect much active participation out of him, just grabbed him by his new collar and the back of his head, and proceeded to thoroughly use his mouth and throat, like he owned it. Steve gasped, he choked, tears came to his eyes, but Stark ignored it all with a shocking callousness.
Stark leaned back over him and picked up the rhythm, and Steve tried to convince himself that the obscene sounds he let out were a protest, not an encouragement.
"You've suffered, though, haven't you? The man of iron is as hard on his toys as he is on his enemies."
Occasionally, he felt like he lost time, or distance.
Spread out on the couches, passed each other drinks and popcorn from the glass coffee table at gestured requests, bickered back and forth during lulls in the action, like they were used to sharing their lives and thoughts with each other.
"So you are. It's not my intention to panic you. Is this preferable?" The ice prince ran a hand over his face, and it was Stark's face that looked out when it had passed, bushy eyebrows, goatee, and all. The only things that stayed the same were the crown on Stark's head, and that wide grin, which looked manic and out of place on his face.
Stark's unnatural stillness, not even a twitch, a gasp, as the scepter was plunged through his torso, driven with a superhuman strength.
Maybe he'd been warped from his time with Stark, but somehow the sound went straight to his own dick. Something about the idea of doing this to Loki with his mouth. That such a powerful being, maybe even a god, was being unraveled by his lips, his tongue, made Steve suck harder, greedily milking the cock for its spend.
From his discarded pants, Clint pulled his belt out of the loops with a swish. For a moment Steve thought he was going to be beaten with it. But Clint just pushed him down and bound his arms behind his back—which was going to make the rest of the evening a lot harder. One of the guys had been okay with just his hands, and now he didn't have even that.
Limbs bound, bare ass sticking up helplessly into the air yet again, Steve had very few illusions about what he was in for.
If he was waiting for a reaction, Steve had none to give; he didn't have a clue what that meant.
, if I want to plunder that booty without breaking it too badly. Oh, don't make that sound, sunshine, I'm being so gentle with you. You should be grateful."
It had already been long enough since he'd last walked on two feet that he felt strange and off-balance.
It seemed like every time he came to, Stark was on top of him, using one of his orifices, or fondling his body, or sometimes hurting him, for no particular reason he could tell, slapping his face until his head rang, his ass until it radiated with its own heat and was unbearably tender against the fucking that followed.
If they could see him now. Submitting to Stark. Begging to be fucked. Lost, mindless with terror, praying to be released just so he could go back to being a sex toy, anything but this—
"Lucky thing," said Stark, but not to Steve. "I thought he was going to be a wreck, if we ever found him. If I hadn't liked the looks of him, I was going to have him pay off his debt as a lab rat, down in R&D. But with that performance, I'd say he's worth keeping."
He couldn't just roll over and spread his legs, not the national icon who had once toured the troops and lifted up the spirits of thousands.
Belatedly, he flinched, expecting a shock from the collar, but none came.
This treatment proved it, that he was utterly helpless, his body just a thing for Stark to use. The terrible fate Stark was describing, Steve had no way to avoid it, no hope of escape, and as Stark continued to fuck into him, somehow
It was torture as he began to work his way off the arm that held him in place, squirming this way and that, sending little jolts of pain and occasional bright shocks of pleasure up his spine with each movement.
Steve choked, as the padded surface under him started to lower, with a whirring sound. His head went down, even as his rear went humiliatingly upward. Stark, standing behind him, would have a perfect view of his naked ass, and his cock and balls dangling between his legs. As if that weren't enough, rough, latexed fingers grasped his cheeks and spread them unceremoniously apart.
"What will you do with me?" said Steve in despair.
Even Clint had stopped tormenting his nipple, stopped fucking into him from beneath.
"Don't worry, I have something special all ready for you."
"Next time, have them gagged to start with," Stark said, all exasperation, as she buckled it behind Steve's head, pinching his hair.
Tears spilled from his eyes, molten hot against the chill of his skin. When they stopped flowing, the tracks began to freeze too.
"You know what?" Stark rolled out of bed, yawning. "Gag yourself. In the nightstand. Then the hooks, like a good boy, and then go back to sleep, for crying out loud."
Steve didn't know how he was expected to listen, while the whip fell across him, again and again, no rhythm or predictable pattern, seeming to find five fresh strips of unmolested skin to electrify each time. Stark was breathing heavily with the exertion, but he didn't let up—on the whipping, or the lecturing.
Except.
Eventually, Steve crawled into bed and fell asleep, naked back turned brazenly to the door.
There was a faintly medicinal smell, and a touch on his back that made him hiss, but it quickly turned to blessed numbness. He would have been surprised that Stark was even bothering, but he suspected it was something to do with keeping his toys in working order. Or keeping the blood off his floor.
"No need," he said. "Someone told me that in this day and age, we pay our debts."
Steve tried to focus. He didn't know what was going on anymore, but he did know he wanted the pain to stop. Stark was touching the welts and open cuts on his back. At any time the touches could turn painful again. He hated himself for giving in so easily, but if he was answering questions, he wasn't hurting. Probably.
Fucked by some person, who wasn't Stark.
"Please," Steve tried to say, muffled around Stark's fingers, which continued to thrust into his mouth. What could Stark possibly get out of that, except to humiliate him more? To his horror, Steve found himself wrapping his lips around those fingers, sucking on them as they moved, unable to stop imagining he was wrapping them around Stark's dick instead. Like he'd done in that infirmary earlier, putting up no resistance as his mouth and throat was used for Stark's pleasure, a room full of witnesses watching him submit. Why did that memory come flooding back now, and why did it make him whimper and tremble and work his lips over those unforgiving digits?
Prompts used:
She smiled.
The voice was inside his head.
Knowing, and holding still for it, because he knew he'd gotten off easy this time, and a part of him felt lucky.
Pathetically grateful, Steve nodded vigorously against his pillow.
A permanent mark, that would never come off, showing him as an object, as property. Stark's property.
Steve cried out, as much from the words as from sensation. The cock had found his entrance, pushing the lube arm out of the way, and was starting to nuzzle and dig in. "Please, no—"
It was the voice he'd heard when he'd first woken in this hell, a disembodied whisper with no apparent source. Was he going mad, on top of it all?
Even through the haze of pleasure, Steve tried to deny it, but it was too late, he was already coming with the force of an explosion, his every muscle tightening, quivering, locking with the sensation, any thought of trying to hide it wiped from his mind as he cried out at the top of his lungs.
There were twenty seconds left, which meant it had taken less than ten for him to reach the most mind-blowing orgasm of his life—that was how badly he'd wanted it.
The belt had been cut enough that he managed to snap it apart, even in his weakened state, but there was no time to celebrate.
He wasn't a particularly large man, but he had the air of someone used to commanding attention, obedience. He was dressed in a simple business suit and sunglasses, with a neat goatee on his chin, and an eager smile on his lips.
"You're still famous, you know?" Stark said, when the video ended. "Maybe I'll release these new commercials to the porn sites. Give people an update on what their hero is up to these days?"
"If your body wasn't made for my use, why do you love it so much? Why are you moaning like a little slut?"
The grin.
"Warm?" said Steve, or tried to. He wasn't sure if anything came out.
Prompts used:
Whatever it was, he wasn't waiting around to find out.
"I'll get you cleaned up," she said after, gingerly patting his bare shoulder.
Fight off an aggressor who would stab a helpless, incapacitated victim.
It shouldn't have been this easy.
Steve whimpered in humiliation, acknowledgement. He needed to come so badly he would have agreed to anything.
"So like I was saying—" Stark said, over his head, but he didn't hear the rest.
It was that strange immobility that got to Steve. The way the pain showed only in the widening of Stark's eyes, while the rest of him was locked in place. The way even his jaw stayed clenched rigidly shut, unable to let out a scream, that made Steve nearly leap to his defense.
Day 17: Blackmail
But then the machine entered him again. Somehow, as every time before, it awakened something in him, his cock filled again, a heat suffusing his every limb, and even the pain began to feel good.
Here, the man actually paused, dick still buried inside Steve's ass, to listen to the patient explanations and snark that were tossed at him. Then he asked a followup question, with every sign of having forgotten about Steve in favor of arcane football rulings.
Because...
Steve froze, lid in hand.
"I have not been ordered to do so," said Jarvis, "though I suspect my parameters will soon change, once your behavior is reviewed."
There was a cock in his mouth, musky and pervasive. It was an unpleasantly jarring way to wake up, but one that he was quickly getting used to. Steve almost bit down, except a deep-seated instinct told him that doing so would have equally unpleasant consequences.
"...that's why I'm going to be especially pissed if I suit up and fly out there, for yet another false alarm," Stark continued. He popped the plug from Steve's mouth without warning, banging it against his teeth, and disappeared back around Steve, past his line of sight.
Steve didn't stay to see more. He turned tail and ran, but the scene played out over and over in his head as he went.
They didn't go far, just across the floor, to some kind of reception room. There was a bar built into one end, a wall of floor-to-ceiling windows on the other. There should have been tables and chairs set up, or maybe a dance floor, but instead the only furniture was a fixture in the center of the room that looked strangely out of place. Something like an angular bathtub, with thick walls fixing it to the floor. Or a coffin.
"Please," Steve said, "just take it out. I'll go, I'll crawl, but not with this thing in me."
"Did I say you could do that?" Loki's voice cut through his thoughts.
He tried to tell himself that he was biding his time. Waiting for his captor to lower his defenses.
"He just woke up, Mr. Stark," replied the nurse.
"It means they're fake." Stark reappeared with a fresh bowl of popcorn. "Otherwise, how come we've never caught a glimpse of him yet?"
But the minutes passed, and there was no shout of discovery, no reprimand from Jarvis. Was it possible that he wasn't watching, for once? Sleeping on the job? Had Steve finally received his first stroke of luck in this century?
Steve wanted to prove him wrong, but his body had been through so much abuse in such few days, and practically begged him to comply. Shakily, he leaned over and fumbled in the indicated drawer with his bound wrists. The closest thing he could find to a gag was a short length of leather strap—which, as he pulled it out, turned out to be two lengths of strap, joined in the middle by a silver ring, about the size of a pried-opened mouth.
"Stark, please, no. You don't understand, I can't, not this. Anything but this, please, I'm begging you, please—"
He didn't get much sleep that night, jaw aching, his rapist clutching him around the middle like a teddy bear. Knowing full well what would happen to him in the morning.
"Shush shush shush," said Stark, circling around behind Steve, disappearing from view. "Too demanding, for a slave. Someone find me a nice, thick gag."
The index-finger flashlight pointed itself at Steve's hand, and a laser shot out. It began to swivel freely, inscribing on the web between Steve's thumb and forefinger, in typewriter-neat block letters, "PROPERTY OF A. E. S." Against all the other pain, it was hardly more than a sting, but when Steve drew his hand back, he still felt like he'd had the breath knocked out of him. When he put his hand back on the floor, bracing himself for what was next, he couldn't stop looking at the text that had been indelibly etched onto his body.
Please note the new tags today (including the added relationship tags).
And he released the hand.
for reccing this fic to others - I'm honored!
Groaning, Steve clenched around the intrusion, and felt it shift inside him. He had never felt so...
It was hard going with his hands bound, chest caught against the bed, but he managed to buck hard enough to shift the mattress, and then repeat the motion, earning himself a little breathing space. A third and final jerk was enough to slip himself free—but he had no strength left in his body, no hands to catch himself from the fall, and he struck the ground hard. His skull caught something on the way down, and the darkness of the room exploded briefly into brilliant white stars.
It wasn't until everyone stopped to stare at him that he felt his stomach drop.
"You wish for a reprieve? I'll see what I can do..."
That shouldn't be enough to stop him, he reflected, lying on his side, staring out listlessly into the dark bedroom—or at least what passed for darkness, in this day and age. Even now, in the middle of the night, there were so many strange lights blinking, on the ceiling, on Stark's cluttered tables, on the outlets on the walls.
"My brother is clever. Perhaps too clever for his own good. Reinforcing the defenses surrounding the scepter would only be wise."
Day 21: Hypothermia
As the world slowly filtered back into focus, he became aware that Stark had moved to stand in front of him now. There was a gleeful look on his face, the same exact look that his father had when he made a new breakthrough.
There was no way that was going to fit in him.
No one had been there to help him before, either. He'd gone down alone, leaving everyone behind, and this was the hellish afterlife that had found him.
Like some kind of detective, he reached down between his legs. His dick was hard from the recent use, precome drying all over his belly, seeking relief. With some trepidation, he touched between his ass cheeks, and found his entrance inflamed and sore, still dripping with someone's spend.
For the first time, he began to wonder if he was maybe farther in the future than he thought.
Day 9: For the greater good
Thank you for the kind feedback, it's very encouraging and very appreciated!
Taking a chance, he swung around, reaching desperately for the plug, but the invisible Jarvis was fast on the trigger. Steve collapsed again, mouth open in silent pain.
"On your hands and knees," Stark said. "Should've mentioned that too, huh? Jarvis will zap you if you try to get up, if you try to go the wrong way, if you hesitate more than, oh, let's say, thirty seconds."
"Fifteen minutes to show me this
Day 7: Enemy to Caretaker
By the time he'd finished one go-around, he was ready to collapse, but Thor motioned readiness for round two, and Steve realized this torment was never going to end. His body was already aching from the abuse, and it didn't help that Thor picked him up like a toy and folded him in half, legs to chest, in order to manhandle him onto his waiting cock, already hard as a rock once more. Steve wasn't a small guy, but Thor held him easily in his muscular arms, pulling him up and slamming him back down, again, again, until the slapping sound, the dizzying up-and-down sensation, settled into a rhythm. Soon enough, Thor was jerking off with Steve's body, using it like nothing more than a human cocksleeve, while most of his attention was still on trying to understand the game.
Steve couldn't bring himself to react. As if his aching, leaking hole wasn't reminder enough, it was written on him now, whom he belonged to—and he'd allowed it to happen. What had his life become?
By the time the cage clicked open behind him, he was close to delirium. He kicked backwards, half expecting the sound to have been some hallucination, to meet metal as he had every time before—and nearly lost it when his leg actually extended.
As the timer reset, and the arm slurped out of him, Steve gave himself a mental slap.
"Would've been a waste to put it on that luscious booty," Stark said. There was the sounds of him putting some things away, maybe picking up his other gauntlet. "Went for the tramp stamp instead. Seemed fitting."
The smell of come and sweat was still ripe and heady here, as he fell onto the rug where he'd so recently been raped, in all manner of positions. But there was also the glinting coffee table, with its sharp edge and corner, and if he leaned back against it and worked his bound wrists, he was sure he could saw through the cheap leather and get his hands free.
The matter-of-fact way Stark described this to a third party chilled him to the bone. Was the future really a world in which humans could be imprisoned and enslaved like this? What had all their fighting been for?
It didn't matter. Prioritize. Steve went for the door, staggered on weak legs as a wash of pins and needles ran through them, staggered again when the plug shifted horribly inside of him, sending another tide of pleasure through him, but he had to ignore it, he had to get out. He refused to think about what kind of world might be waiting for him out there. One step at a time.
"When they wake up, then," Stark sighed. Something else shifted below, and Steve's knees were drawn closer together, giving Stark better access to his entrance. "I don't need to hear what my new fucktoy thinks."
When Thor tried to pull his cock out, Steve's body came right along with it. Thor had to press and peel him off like a condom, leaving him a trembling puddle on the rug.
From the very start, he was pulled into the lap of a large, burly man, head crushed against the prominent bulge there, making an acquaintance with his crotch before he'd gotten more than a glimpse of his face. Even through the thick material of his jeans, Steve could feel every inch of the erection there, hard and scalding as hot metal, in a proportion that made his ass clench and his mouth go dry.
That was how he found himself entertaining Stark's friends on game night. Because even rapists had friends. He didn't know what kind of game was on, because his back was to the gigantic, movie-theater sized screen, his body occupied with other matters.
"If," Stark tapped the headboard, and a metal hook popped out, unsheathing itself from a featureless wood panel like a cat's claw emerging from its pad, "and only if, you behave."
The ice didn't cease until it covered him up to the chin. Steve struggled to keep his face out of it, and it fell against his bare throat, chilly and wet. His body had stopped shivering, and he knew distantly that was a bad sign. There was a drowsiness nagging at the back of his brain, and it terrified him as much as it tempted him, to just fall into it, to surrender.
In fact, there was barely a muscle on him that he could so much as twitch.
Instead of responding, Clint slapped Steve's erect dick, and Steve muffled his next cry. "Look at you, still so hard from this. You love this, don't you? Say it."
After stomping a few circles around the room, he came back to the box, and inspected its contents again. They were really very... detailed.
"Master Stark is not available—" said Jarvis.
But here he was, the spitting image of Howard Stark.
Steve's entire body went cold, as he stilled, waiting for more.
The last was choked off, but Stark seemed to understand him just fine. "Just showing you your place. You won't resist any part of yourself to me. You don't move unless I let you. You don't breathe unless I say you can. If I want to fuck you senseless while you're blacking out, then that's just what I'll do."
His first bleary impression of the world was white and sterile and...
Afterwards, when he was released from his chains, he didn't even try to escape, just curled up around himself, shaken, shattered. His fingers scrabbled under the collar, working themselves raw, trying mindlessly to pry it off. Every time he stopped, he felt like it was closing in on him again, and he had no way to fight it, nothing he could even struggle against to win back his air.
"We can help him, pet," said Loki, idly stroking Steve's hair, though he had to reach up to do so. "Ask me this boon, and I will grant it."
The material was rigid, and unforgiving. It felt huge and foreign in his ass, but then Stark said, "Would you look at that. The tiniest one, and he's already struggling," and Steve choked into his gag. "What a tight little ass. I'm going to have a good time breaking it in."
Day 12: Broken Down & Broken Trust
"What's the matter?" said Nat, breathing in time to her thrusts. "Can't enjoy your meal if it's staring at you?"
He tried a few rooms on his way down the next hall, and found another bedroom, this one with actual bedding. He knew it was a waste of time he didn't have, but he still stopped to strip the sheet from the bed, wrapping it around himself, grateful to be covered at last. As an afterthought, he bundled the pillowcase against the gash on his arm, where it bled through in an instant.
Fury at himself, for trying so desperately to appease his captor, only to end up right where he had been dreading all along. He'd given up so much, debased himself willingly, just so he'd never end up here again, but here he was anyway.
The intro finished, and Steve realized that it wasn't his old videos after all. No, the footage that Stark described was all new.
He knew what this was for.
Steve froze. The blood turned to ice in his veins, but he didn't think it was Loki's magic doing it.
So he wouldn't.
"Ahh," said the voice in his head, and he finally realized it wasn't anyone in the room who had given that order, but a figment of his broken mind. "There it is. Poor, simple Stark. Can't help but think of the location as soon as you're queried, can you?"
"I'll tell you what. If you beg for it, I might just help you out," Stark said.
It was clearly the Manhattan that stared back at him, but far from the one he'd left behind. He must have been at least thirty floors up, and even at nighttime, the city beneath him was lit up like a gaudy ballroom. He half thought he was witnessing some gala—a carnival, a New Year's celebration—but he was hard pressed to imagine an event of this scale, spanning the entire city. Did that mean that the city shone like this every night? A million lights glittered in the streets below him, cars zipping along with frenetic energy, signs flashing every color of the rainbow like he was in a penny arcade, peering into the pinball machine.
"It's kinda cute though," Stark mused, head thrown back, eyes shut with pleasure as he masturbated with Steve's head. "Who knows, maybe I'll miss the resistance, once I've broken it out of you."
An amused hum, low and masculine, tingled across Steve's scalp, and sank right into his brain—like someone was pressed up behind him, chuckling, raising the fine hairs on the back of his neck. The presence drifted around the curve of his skull, and turned into a silky whisper, directly into the shell of his ear: "You really were better off asleep."
"That's it. Keep these tits held out for me." Clint pulled back, and gave the abused nipple a sharp, stinging slap.
He had to hurry.
"I'm afraid that's beyond my power... yet." The voice dropped to a whisper. "But as the Ice Prince, the cold is certainly in my domain. It's not real, you know? The cold."
Where it bounced right off, with a comical "bonk".
"I got a little carried away. To be fair, you're infuriating. J, send up a med kit. And some soup."
"I want you to know I tailor these punishments for you personally," he said over his shoulder, reaching for liquor on a high shelf.
Every time he forgot, every time he clenched, or moved restlessly within the limited confines available to him, the plug was quick to reassert its presence. He was sure that if he bucked against it, ground into the corner that his ass was fetched up against, he could very quickly lose himself in that heady sensation.
Steve jerked away from it with a cry, and turned to look—there was no one there, no one at all, but the nurses were taking notice.
He wouldn't.
Another time he woke alone, but aching in a way that told him that Stark had recently been—or no, he realized, it might not have been Stark at all, it might have been anyone.
Steve did not want to be square.
A white-hot panic was filling him, his body writhing without his input, struggling furiously for another breath, just a tiny of sliver of air. But the collar was merciless.
Compared to the toys, Stark's penis was as hot as a a live coal, and thick, and
He still had the taste of his captor's dick in his mouth, he'd just been fucked in front of a whole room, and yet here he was, moaning like some cheap whore, and he couldn't stop doing it, couldn't stop grinding himself against the plug, fist pumping furiously, until he tugged himself to a screaming completion.
Again, some new tags have been added, beware!
He whined a half-hearted protest as the member was drawn out and rubbed all over his face, marking him all over with its musky scent, like some kind of animal. He had the sinking suspicion that this cock had already had its way with him, many times over, while he was drugged and unaware.
Even through the sheet, the shock of ice hit his legs and chest like a wave slapping into him, drowning him, pulling him under.
Day 4: Running out of time & Caged
"Just going to close these open wounds," Stark said, reproachful, as if it were Steve's fault he had them, as if he'd just spontaneously generated the lash marks at will.
There was that word again, debt. Steve wasn't going to give in, wasn't going to ask, but Stark didn't give him a chance to. Just circled around behind him, and let the first lash fall.
The words rose to Steve's mind unbidden, like a floating corpse breaking the surface of the water. Steve's thought process stuttered on the image. "You don't need to do that," he said, urgent. "I... I won't do it again, honest. Just go back to sleep—"
He failed that time, coming with a shout, Stark's name on his lips, sweat dripping from his body, making a mess of the bed. He failed the time after that, and again, and again.
"I wasn't—" Steve hissed, as he instinctively struggled against them, and the hard edges dug into his skin. "It's not like I was going anywhere. Isn't this a little over the top?"
Steve was fighting for his life, and all Stark cared was that it made his hole a better, tighter fuck.
Who were these people?
Stark hadn't undressed more than was necessary for the act; it wasn't a bare chest that pressed into his back, but fabric, with hard button edges that pressed into him. Every motion aggravated the welts on his back, and that alone could have made him weep, but none of it hurt as much as the invasive member carving into him, prying him apart.
The beeping picked up in pace, an echo to his own rising alarm as he struggled fruitlessly against his restraints. He tried to reach down to unfasten the cuffs, or to cover his bare ass—there were
"Maybe if it wasn't for the torture—" Steve began, but it turned into a cry, as Stark gave him a particularly vicious thrust. The truth was, it was already sinfully easy, and the tightness, the friction that remained was as delicious as it was wrong, lighting up his every nerve ending almost as much as the whip had.
All evening, he'd been mindlessly following orders, and this was only one more.
He made it one step, but barely a second, before a searing pain tore through him. It felt like someone had jammed a white-hot fork into the back of his skull, and twisted it.
Steve was still sucking in air greedily through his nose. Was he really expected to answer that? He let out a cross between a gasp and a moan.
Immediately, that collar seemed to tighten around his throat, and the bars seemed to close in on him, compressing him from every side.
Loki pulled the hand up to his lips, gave it a solid lick, and then spat into it. "You may come this time," he decided, "as long as it's with my name on your lips."
The number 30:00 lit up on the ground in front of him, next to the arrow, and started ticking down immediately. Terror filled Steve, lifted him to his limbs, and thankfully the countdown stopped.
in his own violation. He wouldn't do it, he absolutely wouldn't.
Steve's wrists yanked against their manacles again, raw flesh giving before the steel. He wanted more than anything to plug his ears, tune out Stark's words, but the cuffs stopped him. He was helpless to prevent even that assault.
The other bindings were coming off of him too, the ankles, the thighs. Steve readied himself; this was the moment he'd been waiting for, that he'd borne all this for. As soon as his arms came free, he surged up, intending to strike the man behind him.
"Anyway, I gotta go, duty calls. Jarvis will show you to your room."
There had been terrible soup, and bandages. There might even have been a step in there where Stark was working him open, with eager fingers and fresh lube, but Steve was drifting on a haze of pain and blood loss by then. He found it hard to concentrate, even knowing that there was something terrible being done to his body.
"I don't know how they did it back in your day, Gramps, but we don't have to heat brands over the fireplace anymore."
"Oh, I understand." Stark dipped his glass into the ice, and scooped up a few cubes from Steve's body. Poured his liquor over it, nice and slow. "Do you?"
"Don't you remember?" the other man repeated, in a voice that demanded an answer.
"I love you fucked out of your mind like this. A couple hours ago, you would've bitten me, wouldn't you? You would've fought me tooth and nail. Now here you are, gagging for it."
He was tempted to hang on to them for Stark's next appearance, but reason won out. Jarvis had the control of his shock collar, and could no doubt put the squeeze on him too. Once noticed, he obediently left his makeshift weapons where he was told, and after a sleep they were always gone again, as if whisked away by some arms-dealer tooth fairy.
Steve yanked his fingers out of his ass like she might not have noticed them yet, horror and shame drawing a corresponding blush to him, all over his naked body.
He realized that his hand was still sticky with come. Anonymous come.
"That's it," the voice purred, as Steve drifted, a familiar sensation.
"I'm no doctor, but you should keep," Stark said finally, and leaned over to pat him on the cheek. Steve's body temperature must have already fallen several degrees. Stark's hand scalded his skin, like a hot iron. "Face it, you've been through worse."
It was true, Steve couldn't deny it. Steve's hips were rocking helplessly now, trying to get more of Stark's cock, trying to find friction for his own against a padded surface that was far too soft for it. He knew with absolute certainty that if Stark wrapped that hand around his penis, he'd come with a single touch, a prospect he both wanted and dreaded.
Then Stark's face appeared, with the air of a god looking down on Steve from the heavens. He was sitting in some kind of workshop, surrounded by tools and machinery, a soldering iron pinched in his fingers. There was a welding mask pulled off his face, and what looked like a robot arm laid out in front of him, held in clamps.
Two could play at that game. If it was a matter of lasting longer, Steve had the advantage of the supersoldier serum. That, and basically nothing to lose.
"You have got to be kidding me," Steve said.
Jarvis was saying something about Stark's visit, but Steve tuned it out. He didn't want to know what number he was supposed to cram up his ass. It had been a few days since the terrifying experience with the collar, and he'd had time to recoup. It didn't even hurt to walk anymore. As long as he didn't think about the consequences too hard, it was easy to slam the box shut, and storm off.
"Use your mouth," Loki said, "not your throat."
"So this is the creature that's so entranced my enemy and brother," he mused. "I must say, you look different from the outside."
Captain Rogers, always cool under pressure, had let himself get overwhelmed by trivialities: waking in a nightmarish future, a flashy countdown timer and a bit of electricity, and... and other things.
(See the end of the chapter for
Even when Clint pulled him back in close, long enough to finish jerking himself off, spilling his seed on Steve's chest and stomach.
Day 8: Isolation
A machine that was now working its way deeper and deeper into him. It had been days since Stark had fucked him, and he'd tried to tell himself that he was exaggerating it in his memories, that full, tight sensation, the splitting agony, the absolute, overwhelming, earth-shaking pleasure. But as the thing started rocking inside of him, warming up to his flesh, making an obscene squelching motion with every thrust, Steve felt his body start to heat, start to quiver, just like he remembered.
And if he did try to escape—
Weakly, Steve tried to fight back. His struggles only increased as he realized he was being carried back to the cage, but to no avail.
"Faster," Clint said, and Steve strained to heave himself back upward. Were these the superhuman feats that the serum had been intended for?
His hand came down on Steve's mangled back, hard, making him gasp in pain, and arch, and clench around the intrusion inside him.
It was Clint's third or fourth time with him that he messed up. He didn't even understand how.
Nat came over to Steve with the blindfold, and smiled down at him. The cupid's bow of her lips was plush and full, redder than anything he'd ever seen. She could have been a pin-up model, except for the artificial dick bobbing from her hips, a bright purple monstrosity hovering right in front of his face.
"Jarvis," he said urgently, "Please, I can't go in there! That's... that's for a dog!"
It was an uncomfortable position, his limbs pulled to one side, his head turned to the other, but Steve managed to swivel his mouth away, so that the cock prodded against his cheek instead, warm and springy.
Steve looked up to see that the timer had followed him out here, and was still counting down. Weakly, he struggled upwards. It took him 15 seconds just to get to his hands and knees again, limbs at any moment feeling like they might deposit him back on the ground, but Jarvis mercifully seemed to count it as progress, as the timer reset.
Shaking too hard to pull himself to his knees, Steve only lay in a trembling heap, pulse hammering in his throat. He already knew his place, hadn't he already demonstrated it by submitting to this dehumanizing treatment, with hardly a protest?
It's still Monday. In your heart.
He set the point of the scepter on the ground and said, "Kneel."
He should not have said that.
"Stark, please," Steve found himself saying. "Don't put that thing in me. Don't—"
Feeling ever so slightly more sure on his feet, he felt his way down the hall, hoping to find stairs, an elevator, a damn fireman's pole, anything.
It wasn't like he could respond, with the intrusion in his mouth. If he could have, he might have asked, "Who's Tony?"
Shivering, Steve pulled the sheet back over himself, wiping his sticky hand on a corner of it, his face with another.
Steve was left a broken, aching mess, but at least he was left alone.
Stark stepped into the doorway, and paused.
Just fucked the breath right out of him, with every sign of pleasure, until he came.
Because what it wasn't death that awaited him, should he fail to get away?
"What did you say?" he demanded, voice hard and dangerous, as he strode his way over.
Day 10: Blood Loss
Day 19: Grief & Mourning Loved One
To make matters worse, imaginary though it was, he still felt its presence disappear, somehow, leaving him to face the music alone.
From whipping, Stark moved, almost immediately, to fucking.
"Something's not right," someone was saying, the next time Steve washed up against the shore of consciousness.
If he submitted, obeyed, if he was good enough, if he could just hold on—
It felt very real to him.
"Tell you what," Stark said, after watching him struggle for a while. He'd cleaned himself off, pulled his pants back up, redid his belt. He didn't even look ruffled. "I put that thing on you to show the world you're mine. You let me put my brand on you instead, I'll think about taking the collar off."
"Stark, please," Steve begged, as the machine whirred between his legs. "Please stop, please, I promise I won't fight you." Stark was a human (technically), he had his limits. Steve was sure that this machine could hold him here for an eternity, never tiring, never stopping. His body would disintegrate before the machine so much as faltered.
"Look, Cap," said Stark as he worked, "You agreed to my dear old dad's experiments. Why?"
Cock filling his mouth, Steve could do nothing but groan around it, which seemed like answer enough. After she gave a couple slow, careful snaps of her hips, gently fucking his mouth with it, he closed his eyes. She tied the blindfold over them, checking thoroughly for gaps, tugging the fabric in place.
Stark went to the cart with all the toys again, and Steve could have wept. Wasn't it enough? Was Stark really going to keep at it? How much could a human body take?
Disgusted, he tried to keep his eyes open for the cleaning, but he never even felt her set down his arm.
Day 15: Science Gone Wrong
Prompts used:
"Arms," Stark said, impatient, pulling at Steve's, the one he was still holding captive. The gesture tugged at the short rope joining Steve's wrists.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just the thought of what punishment Stark would invent this time was enough to make him break out in a full sweat. The lights flooded on, and he was momentarily blinded, but he doubted he would have been able to see in his terror anyway.
"Oddly appropriate," said the voice. "You may call me that, if you wish. Ice... Prince, let's say. You've caught my interest."
Somehow, he knew what Loki wanted without needing the command. Leaned back, and let Loki come all over his face, painting him with spunk, ropes and ropes of it, marking every inch of him.
"Will you keep your promise?"
That was bad.
"This is better for your first time anyway. Make you feel it." Stark resumed his earlier train of thought, as he resumed his movements, with agonizing slowness, emphasizing each filthy syllable that dropped from his lips with another languid thrust. "Every inch of my cock in your virgin hole. No one else can ever have this from you. I hope you weren't saving it for someone, because it's mine. You're mine."
"Changed my mind," Stark said with a wink, and locked the door behind him. "Why don't you keep it."
"Come say good morning," Stark murmured into his ear, thrusting his erection against Steve's crack, and he shuddered.
Involuntarily, his hand fumbled for his lap, and began to jerk off his own stiff penis, finding a dry friction that felt so, so good. He was sure he could come from this, just from sucking off this stranger whose intentions he didn't even know, and he had no idea what that said about him, except that maybe Stark was right about him, or he'd been broken to pieces until he fit the mold—
He'd also seen Stark do incredible, inexplicable things with a wave of his hand—but this was his own flesh that was being mended before his eyes. It felt less futuristic than simply magic.
In this rare moment of wakefulness, he tried to take stock. He was in a hospital bed, in an infirmary. It looked like the same one from that first day, so he was right back where he had started this nightmare. He wasn't strapped down this time, but the thought of getting up, trying to make a break for it, terrified him down to his core.
"—but he left you this message, and this gift."
His erection had all but wilted from fear, but it sprang up again quickly with his touch, luxuriating in the wonderful hot slickness of his palm.
Of course there wouldn't be.
He hated it.
Behind him, Stark grunted in pleasure. "That's it, baby," he said, "You're getting so tight for me, that's it."
When the whipping stopped, it took him a long while to realize it. His nerves still wept, and his jaw was still tightly clenched, waiting for the next blow.
This time, his vision was starting to white out at the edges before the pressure released, and allowed Steve his precious gasp of air. As his lungs filled, the sensation flooded back into him, heady and intense. The scrape of Stark's cock inside him, the weight of another body boxing him in, holding him down, hands resting on neck, as if the collar weren't enough.
Prompts used:
By then Steve's fingertips were as rubbed raw as his wrists, and he gave up the vent as a lost cause. The next morning, a fresh bar appeared with his breakfast. He'd never felt so mocked by a soap before.
It was impossible to measure how long he spent in that cage.
Never though I'd warn for
It was all Steve could do not to thrust back against him, chasing that sensation.
It shouldn't turn him on like this.
But he still licked it as well as he could, too fearful of the consequences to do otherwise.
Day 28: Accidents
By the time Thor had finished with him a second time, he was in too much pain to move, so Thor just lifted him bodily and put him on Stark's lap, where he was quickly stuffed with a mouthful of cock, and soon semen. Passed around like this, reduced to just an object, a set of holes getting increasingly messy and sloppy, he started to lose track of how many times he'd been used.
"That's it," Stark hissed, "Love it when you squeeze for me, baby. Love ruining your body for my pleasure."
Dread pooled into Steve's stomach. He had no way to explain this, no way to fend off the punishment that was coming. What would he say, that some voice in his head had told him to, and he'd forgotten how not to obey every damn order that came his way?
Just testing out the waters on my first Whumptober. I have vague plans to expand this story to cover all the days in order, but maybe that's a little ambitious. Feedback is very welcome!
of all things?
Note about Major Character Death archive warning: In this chapter, Tony is "left for dead", so I added the warning to be safe. It tickled me that, after writing 30+ whump prompts for poor Steve, I managed to get Tony with the last one :D
Though, honestly, if anyone found him wandering around here, being seen in the nude would be the least of his problems.
Peggy's face came to him abruptly, and he let out another humiliated sob.
His eyes snapped open, and the realization hit him just a few seconds before his orgasm did. As Stark rammed into him, gagging him, springing tears to his eyes, Steve gave a muffled cry, and came, with Stark's cock stuffed down his throat.
Trained enough, anyway, to sleep in Stark's bed. Lie a night beside his unconscious, snoring captor, without attempting to harm him, or kick off his covers, or making a bid for freedom.
"I... I heard you. After I woke up, from being frozen. And now, here. Frozen again. Are you... What are you? An ice... spirit?"
"Lucky for me, but it's going take
"Perhaps some additional security wouldn't go amiss," the others continued.
Then he remembered who that so-called underdog was, and his thoughts short-circuited. He owed Stark nothing, except to get away from him, take back the life that had been stolen from him.
It couldn't be.
It was like there was a button in there, wired directly to Steve's nervous system. Every time Stark hit it, Steve's entire body flailed without his input. He'd never felt anything like it, like touching a raw wire, electrifying and blinding and strangely pleasurable. On the next thrust, Stark stopped just short of hitting it, and Steve mindlessly surged back against the toy to do it to himself, and keened at the sensation.
Steve tried to distance himself, tell himself that he wasn't enjoying his rape, but his body was molten sensation, every inch of him aflame, inside and out.
The warring instincts inside him eventually turned into a stalemate of inaction. That meant he didn't struggle at all when she gripped his arm. Turned it over, and stuck the needle into the crook of his elbow, before carefully taping it down.
The first day was mostly pain. Every tiny movement hurt: walking, sitting, lying down. He spent a lot of it moving gingerly around like an old man, re-trying all the windows and doors, reacquainting himself with the futility of escape. He passed the night wallowing in soreness and despair. There were no sheets on the bed, no towels in the bathroom, no cases on the pillows—nothing to cover himself with. Stark wanted him naked and exposed. The room was kept comfortably warm, but he would have traded the warmth for a shred of modesty in a heartbeat.
Something had changed, and Stark knew it with a glance.
Slowly, he began to curl his knees to his chest, drawing his ankles up to his bound hands. Sweat pricked on his shoulders as he concentrated on moving with utter care, so as not to shift the bed.
"Silly?" Steve repeated in disbelief, as the piano opened up, to show not keys, but an array of... what? They looked like tubes, of various thicknesses, or maybe they were mechanical arms, like the one Stark was working on. When they lifted, with a whirring sound, they resembled nothing more than a brood of snakes rising from their nest, heads in various shapes, ranging from grabby hands to ones decidedly more phallic in nature. The camera lens that had been ogling him was one of the heads, and the thin arm it was attached to came zipping out to peer at him more closely, scanning his entire body with graceful, curious sweeps.
Laughter echoed in his head, flooding the crevices of his brain. It wasn't a kind laugh, but Steve welcomed the distraction regardless.
Eventually the arrows led through an open door, which opened into a spacious room. There was a huge, four-poster bed taking prominence, and heavy shades blotting out the windows, so he still couldn't tell the time of day.
Long enough for his limbs to cramp, and then ache, and then dull to an even more worrying numbness.
"But first, let me show you what's become of your former master."
Given the size range, he wouldn't have imagined that they could possibly be for... for what it looked like.
"You don't remember? Why, I'm hurt."
Steve let out a sob. "Please—"
Steve didn't imagine for a moment that it was for his own comfort, but he was grateful nonetheless. Eased up, dragging blessed air in through his nose, and began to suck on the head instead, letting the taste of it flood his mouth. It wasn't cold like he'd expected, but burning hot, heavy on his tongue. When he lapped at it, running his tongue underneath the ridge, the hand tightened again, and he flinched.
He spent the next few hours in a jittery defiance, that gradually deflated, when Stark never came.
Fortunately, Stark didn't need much persuading. He patted the machine with the familiarity of a pet, "Come on, CILL-E, let me through," and the robot arms eased, letting go of his legs, unwinding from him to give Stark space to crawl through. As soon as his legs hit the bed, Steve began to squirm, trying to get friction on his cock, but Stark sat on top of his chest, pinning him in place.
"I'm kneeling," Steve said hastily, hands clenching into fists. "Please don't— I'm kneeling."
He could win this, he thought—until something crashed through the window behind him, the one that had taken a blow from the too-heavy nightstand, without a scratch to tell the tale.
"No," Steve whined, unable to believe that he was being aroused by an inanimate object. The mechanical arm settled on a rhythm with metronome regularity, and each one pushed so deliciously against all his surfaces, lighting him up from the inside. His cock was hard and dripping in what felt like an instant, painting his thighs with pre-come. Soon he was shamelessly moaning, panting, using his limited movement not to try to get free, but to angle himself for every thrust, jutting his hips into the motion, seeking more of that friction.
"I'm closer to what you would call a god."
It was this state of desperation that Stark found him in, when he finally arrived.
It galled him to have these initials stamped on him, when he didn't even know what two thirds of them stood for. (Privately, he thought it might be Asshole Extraordinaire, and didn't care to find out differently.)
around! A part of him was still out of it enough to be shocked by the idea—but his arms were bound behind his back, pressed elbow to elbow, so tightly that his shoulders arched backwards to accommodate. His hands were clenched into fists and wrapped in something sweaty and unforgiving, so that he couldn't even wiggle a finger.
Steve continued his humiliating crawl down the hallway, barely taking in his surroundings in the mindless haze of pleasure and agony and need. He had the vague impression of sleek, futuristic surroundings, like a spaceship from one of those sci-fi movies. Every time he hesitated, rebellion on his mind, the glowing timer reappeared, and it was enough to spur him back into motion.
"Your ass is so good, so tight." Stark's voice was breathy and distracted, like he was utterly absorbed in his task. "I gave you that plug as a gift, to loosen you up. This could have gone a lot easier for you, if I'd been able to fuck you straight away, instead of having to discipline you first."
One time he woke to a cock in his ass, as usual, and something didn't add up. He could see Stark sitting there in front of him, playing with his phone. They were back in the infirmary. A nurse passed behind Stark's chair, trying to pretend she wasn't looking.
"Whatever I want," Loki said easily, picking up his scepter from the ground, twirling it in his hand. "That's what you promised me, isn't it?"
But the truth of the matter was this: as the days wore on, as he willingly submitted to orders ever more humiliating and grotesque, freedom seemed less like a burning goal, and more like a distant and quaint memory. Being his own person—he could hardly even imagine such a thing, after all that he'd done, all that he'd allowed to be done to him. Did he even have the right anymore, to deny any demand put on him, to refuse any access to his body, when he'd already said yes to so much?
"I think he's kind of sweet," said Nat, cupping his face on another thrust, so that she could feel the bulge of her cock through the wall of his cheek.
"No," Steve breathed, and he swore he could see it fogging in front of his face. He tried to sit up, tried to push it off of himself, couldn't. There was just just enough give that he rattled the ice. Not enough that he could so much as shift a single cube.
Maybe this was right. To be an inanimate body, a possession, an object. He was Stark's fucktoy. It didn't matter if he wanted it or not, if he was conscious or not. He wore Stark's collar, his brand. What other mark of ownership could there be? Stark could do whatever he wanted with him. Take his air. Take his consciousness. Fuck him while he was out, or whore him to others. Even if he was too injured to serve his purpose awake, his senseless body was all Stark needed from him. His current state was proof enough.
On his way to the door, Stark turned, and gave him an incredulous look. "Don't be ridiculous," he said, and flipped the lights on his way out. "You'll do that anyway."
And that was when Stark zapped him.
He considered resisting, but as with all things in his new sham of a life, it got easier as it went on, almost seemed normal. That was how he wound up bent over the coffee table, breath fogging up the glass, arms wrenched behind him, ass stuffed full of cock. The big man pounded into him from behind—lazy thrusts that tore the breath out of Steve with each splitting push—and casually chatted with the others while he did so.
Eventually a rich, savory aroma hit his nose, and Steve opened his eyes again. Stark had pulled up a chair and was sitting in front of him, with a bowl in his hands, a spoon. The gauntlets were nowhere to be seen, and he didn't look remotely ruffled from having just whipped a human being to shreds.
Stark put that thing in him. It slid more easily than he'd expected; he'd forgotten that there was still lube left in him from the earlier fuck, his entrance still loose and sloppy. But that didn't mean the size wasn't an issue. His ass just wasn't built to accommodate the girth Stark was insistent on cramming into it, all the while saying bored "uh huh"s into his phone.
"I can still see you," Jarvis said. He sounded a little exasperated this time.
"Hmm..." Stark paused in the doorway. He twitched his hand, and the collar tightened briefly around Steve's throat, not to choke him, but just a playful reminder, to let him know it could.
It was just as they had left it; even Stark was just as they had left him, still lying on his back, staring at the ceiling. He hadn't moved an inch, not an arm, not a tilt of his head, but the blood seeping from his chest had spread into his bedding, giving him a bloody cape.
But the thought of the thing going into him dry was equally horrifying. If he wanted to have any chance of fighting back, he had to play along for now, avoid injury. Cheeks burning with humiliation, he parted his lips, and let Stark stuff the whole thing in his mouth, leaving the base sticking out, like a pacifier. It was huge enough to bulge his cheeks, and the plastic taste filled his mouth. Stark began to thrust it with an unnecessary lewdness, and Steve groaned around it.
Last time, he'd been throatfucked, a pillow pressed over the back of his head, holding him firmly down in Clint's lap. He expected more of the same, but as soon as he reached for the waiting penis, Clint slapped his hands away and said sharply, "Not like that."
Before he could dwell on it, there came further mechanical sounds from the machine. Several of the thicker arms came out and wound around his legs, catching him at the ankles and thighs. Steve tried to kick out against them, but they were unreasonably strong. They moved so fluidly, bending like self-directed hoses, it was a shock that they had absolutely zero give when they fixed in place. He might as well have been kicking a steel pipe.
An arrow lit up on the ground in front of Steve, projected from his collar.
"Oh, and, to answer your question," Stark added, "Yeah. It sure does get me going."
He was getting lightheaded, he was loosening from his body, he was nothing but the searing pain that drowned out everything else, the sharp crack of the whip, the hoarse shouts that he kept forgetting were his own, until occasionally he'd choke on his own saliva, and the sound would cut off.
Well, freedom from one cage.
"Take another deep breath," said Nat, sweetly, to Steve. "We're going again."
Sliding his shoulder drunkenly along the wall for support, Steve stumbled his way along, and wondered distantly if there was a power outage. Those had been common back home, growing up, in a simpler, saner time. Maybe that was why he found the darkness familiar, almost soothing. If nothing else, it hid his nakedness, this body that he hardly recognized anymore, marked with handprints of all sizes, an assortment of nasty stains and welts and bruises telling nasty tales.
Abruptly, the motions stilled.
"Stark," said Steve, words slurred even to his own ears. "I, I understand what you're trying to tell me. Please, please stop this."
It was so wrong, but he couldn't help it.
But Stark only pulled him back far enough to hiss into his ear, "You'd like that, wouldn't you. Chained to my bed. Used as my come rag, my little fleshlight. I'll jerk myself off in you whenever I want."
"You feel as though you're burning alive, do you not? From the ice?"
Stark wasn't even paying attention to him. He had gone to the bar, and gotten himself a glass.
Steve opened his mouth to protest, and Stark invaded it instead, all the fingers of his hand pressed together in a wedge, forcing his mouth open, thrusting into it in counterpoint to his cock. Steve wanted to bite down, but he couldn't seem to coordinate his muscle movements. The fingers tasted of oil, artificial and mineraly, and the taste coated his tongue as it jabbed in and out.
Somehow, he managed to straddle Clint's legs, trying not to lean against the man any more than he had to. Rocking back on his heels, he slowly lowered himself onto the penis Clint held upright. A few weeks ago he had never imagined inserting anything into his ass. Now he was so loose from repeated fucking that he sank right down onto it, until his cheeks hit the top of Clint's thighs, and then Clint ground him down even further, with two hands on his shoulders, and a vicious look in his eye.
The concussion didn't help.
They had the power to heal Stark's chest wound, too. Leave him alive, to regret his defeat.  All Steve had to do was say the word.
Steve knew what was going to happen before she even did it, but there was no way to prepare. Her hips shifted, expertly, and then he was choking again, and he soundlessly sobbed against it. He wanted desperately to fight back. He thought he could push her off, get a brief suck of air before he was dragged back down, punished in whatever way these sadistic bastards could come up with.
It seemed to take forever, all the while his heart beating furiously in his chest, certain that he was going to be caught, that the lights would flood on at any moment, or his collar would choke or shock, and he'd wake up in whatever new hell Stark managed to dream up.
"And we're sure it's secure here?" said Clint, even as he thrust up into Steve.
There was nobody there with him, not that he could see, but there was definitely something new. A machine squatted by the foot of the bed, about the size and form factor of an upright piano. It had a lens on the front, angled so that he felt uncomfortably like it was looking directly up his asshole. When he twisted his legs to protect himself, the the lens turned to follow.
