He leaned forward and gently tugged at a pretty pink nipple with his teeth. Sherlock bucked into his abdomen.
“I know you’ve been through hell, laddie. But it’s time to get back to it. And if it has to be me to give you that kick in the arse, then so be it.”
“I have no idea how I am,” he admitted, glancing over at the Spaniard. “I feel turned inside out, most of the time. I don’t know if I’m coming or going.” He stopped and looked at Felipe head on. “I know I haven’t been fair to you, and I’m sorry. I don’t know why I’m still here.”
“Excuse me, who are you?” demanded John, making a beeline for Sherlock. He took hold of Brook’s wrist and pulled it out of Sherlock’s shirt. He backed Brook up against the wall.
They traipsed up the servant's stairs and through the narrow hall to the great hall and walked down the gleaming wooden floors to the library. Mr Frank entered and introduced John to the marchioness, who was sitting regally on a settee and drinking a cup of tea.
Sherlock reached down to stroke himself in rhythm with John’s hips. John buried his nose into his long neck in response and breathed in, his hand holding onto his mess of forming curls.
“Sherlock!” exclaimed Victor. A look of genuine concern filled his face, his dimples all but disappearing. “Are you alright?” He placed a hand tenderly on Sherlock’s shoulder. “We’ve missed you at the Monday night sessions.” He placed his wax back inside his case and shut it, his violin and bow tucked under his arm. He lowered his voice. “I know it’s tough right now, but it will get better. I promise.”
It was glaringly obvious that Felipe wanted nothing to do with John Watson. And really, John couldn’t blame him.
“Oh, speaking of a spectacle…” John got up gingerly from the sofa and found his discarded jacket on the floor by the front door. He dug into his pocket for the note MacDougal had given him. He’d never bothered to find out where the dinner was being held. “I’m inviting you to a fancy dinner. Courtesy of Dr. MacDougal.”
He raised his arm, his large, graceful hand grazing John’s jaw. His palm settled, cupped gently around his cheek.
“Fuck,” he whispered to himself, as he grabbed his spitshine rag and tore it in two, wrapping each piece of cloth over the tops of his hands and tying it off.  A firm knock at the door made Sherlock practically jumped out of his skin.
Sherlock found the situation between he and John fascinating. John seemed happy and well-adjusted. He was still every bit the fulfilling partner he’d been before arriving to London.
John glanced up, squinting through the sun shining behind the huge figure sitting on top of an even larger camel. The man, wearing a striped djellaba and red tarboosh, spoke:
Stay tuned for a continuation of this story called "The UnMaking of John Watson" to be posted by early 2017.
John realized his mouth was hanging open as he assessed the nobleman’s glowing appearance. Sherlock no longer showed signs of waning illness. He was the picture of health, vibrant and virile, his cheekbones prominent but full, his blunt jawline stout and hinting at a double chin as he smiled. His dark hair was slicked back from his head and he wore a blacktop hat with a matching longcoat. A colorful red handkerchief skimmed his front pocket.
“Ah, army docteur,” said Jean. Again, before John could say anything, Jean moved one of the cots aside and opened a small door behind it. He pulled out a large wooden crate. He slapped his hand on the lid.
He felt himself fall onto his back and into sludge. The breath was knocked out of him, and he groaned in pain. He tried to get up, but only managed to move his head to the side. The lightning flashed, and he managed a glimpse of something metal lying in the soaked clay.
“John,” he began to say, but he couldn’t find the words. His feeling were jumbled, his mind was racing like a thoroughbred. He wanted John to know, well, what exactly did he want to tell John? He found himself speechless, a circumstance even he found ironic.
John sprouted up like a weed in the spring of 1870, but then he stopped growing after that. He was of average height, but solid and strong and remained blond-headed and blue-eyed, though the housekeeper had always insisted both would darken in time. Mr Frank thought it was time that Mr Thomas took him under his wing for training. He shadowed Mr Thomas day in and day out as he learned the proper way to carry trays serve food, pour wine, open doors, and greet guests of the family. He learned how to be invisible, how to stand for hours without complaint, to be aware without being bored, and to respond accordingly when addressed. By the time his 16th birthday had come and gone, he was an official footman in the Marquess of Berwick's home.
He wasted no time in unpacking his trunk, which held clothes, books and his laptop. He plopped the computer onto his half-made bed and reached up to open one of the large windows. Cool air swept into the stale dorm room as Sherlock slid a silver case out of his pocket. He pushed a thin cigarette between his shapely lips, lit it with a matching silver Zippo, and took a long drag.
William placed the deerstalker on his head. His cerulean eyes sparkled as he adjusted his hat, grimacing as it slipped awkwardly over his hair. The familiar image made John smile.
The carriage dropped them off at Englischer Hoff, an inn near the the village center, and an older man, presumed to be the innkeeper, greeted them at the door.
“My goodness, what are all these?” she asked, pointing to a stack of white cloths in a basket next to Mrs. Hudson’s bed.
“Perhaps,” William said softly. He clasped John’s hand between his own and rested it in his lap. “But when it came time, you risked your life to save mine.”
John inwardly rolled his eyes a little at the bravado, but obeyed. He slid up to Mycroft’s side, and looked out the window.
It was half past nine when William began to wane. John had led him into the bedroom and pushed him into the bed, throwing the covers haphazardly over his long legs.
Sherlock’s eyes locked with John’s, apprehensive, curious, full of want and the need for approval. He obeyed, gripping himself carefully and moving his fist slowly up and down, stroking down into his testicles and back up again, then lightly squeezing and twisting.
“You didn't mean to trick me? To get me drunk and pump me for information and then just assume I’d follow up on some promise I made about moving you to London? A promise I don’t even remember making?”
John shifted, and the long legs fell from his shoulders. The pressure from John's flat, muscled abdomen suddenly stirred Sherlock's length. John let his weight drop onto the thinner man beneath him and gripped the headboard for leverage. John grunted and stopped breathing as he buried himself as deep as he could go inside Sherlock’s poor used-up body.
In Simpson’s Pub, glasses that previously held gin slings sat empty next to half-eaten plates. John continued to slurp his pea soup while Sherlock poked at a disappearing pork chop. Both men were waiting impatiently for the next round of drinks, since conversation had been stilted at best.
John, quite shocked at being addressed so formally, took her ladyship’s hand and kissed it. “Yes m’lady,” he answered, his voice a bit shaky. “I am humbled and grateful for your hospitality.”
Maybe Sherlock would be there, sitting calmly along the rocks, his long fingers drawn up to his lips.
“I've wanted to do this every day since the first day I saw you,” Felipe panted. “And after what you did for me…” He manhandled John away from the door and they both fell back onto the old, squeaky cot. John straddled his lap and undid the buttons of his shirt, exposing his broad chest graced with large patches of smooth dark hair. He ran his fingers along the lines of his pectorals, stopping to grace a nipple with a gentle tug.
“Watson,” he said softly. He sat down, his elbows on his knees, his brandy snifter in his hand. “Watson.”
When the two men stepped into Scotland Yard, the number stares and double takes between William and the fellow officers would have been humorous had the nobleman not been so incredibly self-conscious. Whispers of surprise and disbelief punctuated the small atmosphere, with the word “Sherlock” uttered at least a dozen times.
“Sherlock, good to see you,” he said. “I hear you have delved into the land of scientific research. What’s this I hear about a Bunsen burner?”
John Watson’s employment began immediately. He moved upstairs and was given a room to share with Dimmock, the first footman. He didn’t mind. He was relieved to have a clean bed and a room free of vermin. He unpacked what little he had into his tiny dresser. He reported downstairs to be fitted for his uniform. Afterwards, it was late, and he joined the servants at the large dinner table for supper.
A week had past since Felipe had left for Spain. John sat with William as he attempted to eat a few spoonfuls of broth. He managed to get it down and keep it there without coughing. It was a minor miracle, one William appreciated.
Sherlock knew his retreat was imminent. He attempted to retrieve the mask, but it was nowhere to be found in and around the pounding and running water.
Molly couldn’t help but stare at as his backside, his curls, hands in his pockets and his lithe frame perfectly lined with tailored, posh clothing.
John left out the part where he steered every conversation away from any history he and Sherlock had shared. He kept that part locked away, figuring it was none of William’s business.
Several snickers echoed through the orchestra. Someone muttered, “I thought Sherlock was a girl’s name.”
John immediately fell into step behind him and helped him undress. “No,” he answered. “I’m feeling a little tired, so I opted to turn in early.”
That same afternoon, John found himself standing in the lobby of Scotland Yard, with Sherlock demanding to speak to Detective Inspector Donovan.
Felipe immediately picked up William and placed him inside the guard house. John tried to follow, but his knees gave way and he landed with a thud. He folded over onto himself and began to sob with relief, feeling the rain beat his body and the thunder roll through his ears, because at last, at last, he’d saved his love, from the raging waters that had once again tried to take him away.
John had never seen a body like Felipe's, dripping in line after symmetrical line of muscle and tendon. His abdomen formed a V that led down to another patch of dark hair. His stiff cock wavered in the exposed air, long and thick and perfect. He took hold of it gently, relishing the heat and smoothness in his palm. He stroked it and let his thumb dance over the tip, feeling wetness dribble from the top.
He took John's hands and placed his palms on his behind as he rode him, his milky thighs fluid and rhythmic, pulling John’s desire out of him one pulse at a time.
The maestro made his way down the rows and through the multiple sections of instruments until he came to the front row. He instructed Anderson to play.
John felt the strong, capable hand grip him, the touch sending shivers down his tailbone and into his groin. He felt himself stir. He took a deep shaky breath as the Spaniard bent his head and leaned in.
John kissed him back, enjoying the feeling of his full lips. It was a heady feeling to know they were alone. There was no one around to interrupt.
John turned and pressed his forehead against the window. He craned his neck and strained his eyes, and yes, Mycroft was right.
“Open wide!” said the blonde, laughing, pulling his arms even tighter behind his back. He reached forward with one hand and violently began to squeeze his jaw. His lips parted slightly, and the dark-haired man pushed his cock into Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock eagerly rolled over to face John, grabbing his jumper and pulling him close, his ample lips grazing a stubbled jaw and sucking on the tender spot just below his lover’s ear. John groaned in response, taking Sherlock's hand and rubbing it first on his own thick, ample cock, then placing it on Sherlock’s long, slender one.
Days blurred together as the sky cleared. The abnormal weather pattern finally dissipated, the wind pushing the rain clouds and blowing them south where they belonged. The city’s ancient aqueduct, which had eventually been closed off by the locals, was now, thanks to the rains, filled with fresh water. Through Felipe’s sanitation recommendations, the water source was deemed safe to drink again. Patients began to recover and go home. It was a relief to see the floor of the ward again, and then, an empty cot or two appeared. Even the diplomats began to return, though they had yet to show their faces in Dr. Canales’s medical school.
Raibert pulled his eyes away from Sherlock, who was beginning to feel like prey, and gave John a shake on the shoulder.
John felt his jealously beginning to boil over. Though he hadn’t understood much of the conversation, it was obviously Stefan had certain things in mind for Sherlock. He wished more than ever that he had his gun, so he could wipe that improper, lustful look he was giving Sherlock right off his face.
“But I was, Felipe. It’s alright.” John reached over and patted his knee gently. “Is Pilar a friend, family?”
No, John knew deep down he was angry because William made him remember a life he’d cherished with a man he’d loved in a city he’d conquered. Sherlock the man was dead, but Baker Street lived. The rush of the chase, the adrenaline that came with the underbelly of London, was not unlike a drug for the doctor. Underneath the veneer of stoicism, his brain still cried out for excitement, his blood boiled for something other than the mundane. What if William wanted to pursue the profession of his former self? He had the faculties. The temptation to even daydream about the possibility was overwhelming.
The room was empty and dark, except for the moonlight pouring through the windows, and a large display of batons backlit along a wall.
The thought that Sherlock may no longer have memories of comfort filled John with a sudden, intense sadness. What does one do, in times of loss and distress, when your mind is no longer a familiar place?
He was surprised to find the title handwritten. In fact, it was all written in longhand and bound quite beautifully by a piece of silk string.
“Mmm, yes,” answered Sherlock. He pressed his bottom back against John's finger to show him. He moved his hips back and forth, obsessed with the feeling of his lover inside of him.
Instead, the young surgeon stubbornly glared at him from the steps of the train cart. He crossed his arms, digging in his heels.
The hallway widened the farther they walked, and a sharp turn dropped them into a wide, open room with a twenty foot ceiling. Two carved archways led to two additional passages, one directly ahead of them, and one that veered off to the right.
“Either you know you are out of tune, and are therefore deliberately sabotaging my band; or you do not know you’re out of tune - which I’m afraid is even worse.”
Sherlock felt sweaty curls being pushed away from his face. His kept his eyes squeezed shut, but he couldn’t stop his lungs from forcing his swollen
John nodded his head. “Matthew was away so much with schooling that I doubt he’d recognize me.” John failed to mention that the attraction he’d felt for the heir in his youth had triggered the realization that he prefered boys to girls. “All the servants were like family to me. But yes, the dowager marchioness...she’s the one I’m worried about. ”
Alone, without prying eyes of an audience and his former partner pacified, he lay there and allowed himself to simply feel. He let his eyes wander over Sherlock’s sleeping body, a body he used to know intimately, fixating on a few wisps of chest hair peaking out from under his loosened shirt. His curls had been swept aside by a well-placed arm, so the scar over his cheekbone was prominent, red and angry. It led deep into his scalp, much deeper that John realized.
The man took a step forward as did the crowd. Felipe pleaded with them again as they approached. John drew his gun and pointed it at the ringleader. He stopped and again shouted.
“Dr. Watson has been in Tangier establishing a medical school,” said Sherlock proudly. “He is now a surgical fellow in Edinburgh under Dr. MacDougal.”
John deepened his kisses, settling on top of Sherlock, palms rubbing his chest, gripping his hips. John's lips trailed kisses up his long slender neck, then gently nibbled on his earlobe.
He had no idea how long he was lost in the pleasure of Sherlock as he rocked back and forth.  He felt his desire beginning to peak, so he ground himself shamelessly back onto Sherlock's groin.
William shook his head. “A cottage.” He paused for a moment, then said, “And I should like you to go with me.”
Sherlock, confused, stopped and buttoned his well tailored jacket with one hand. "Certainly," he said.
He was about to give up, relieved to have found nothing, when his eyes caught view of the desk in the corner of the sunroom.
“Enough talking,” he said softly, his kisses soft and lingering on Sherlock’s full, chapped lips. “You need rest.”
He gripped the straps of his bursting backpack and carefully made his way through the narrow archway. He was greeted by an immediate fifteen meter drop.
“Watson,” said Sherlock, startled. He immediately started towards him. Dimmock reached down and helped John back to his feet. Sherlock picked up his cane and handed it back to the valet, who was obviously humiliated. “Are you alright?”
Sherlock dropped his pipe and stepped forward to take the letter, absorbing its contents quickly and handing it back to Donovan.
They both stood silently for a moment, until Sherlock felt the reassuring squeeze of John’s palm on his shoulder.
“I'm going to bury my cock inside you. I'm going to fuck you, make you come, make you scream.” He pressed a kiss into Sherlock's curls.
John forced himself into doctor-mode. “Superficial. He didn't break the skin but in two places, and that’s healing fine. No sign of infection. It’ll be gone in a week or two,” he said stiffly.
Calloused fingers worked their way under his vest and danced along his rib cage. Felipe stared down at him as if challenging him to protest.
John reared back with all his might and punched him hard in the jaw. The huge man landed with a thud back onto the muddy ground, and the doctor roughly picked him up again by the front of his jacket.
Sherlock shrugged out of his coat and threw it on the chair nearest to him instead of placing it with usual reverence on the coat hook. He pulled off his tie, undid his vest and dropped them to the floor.
Sherlock realized he was lying on the ground in the park with a crowd of people surrounding him. He felt himself flush with embarrassment.
“You remember why,” teased Felipe. He gave John a serious, seductive look. “Wanderlust,” he rumbled.
Wiggins made his way into the room and pulled the tiny desk chair up against the wall, balancing expertly along the window sill and pushing the large window open as far as it would go. He then hoisted himself up, disappearing into the night sky.
John thrusted up again and again and again, watching himself disappear and then reemerge, feeling the tight, hot heat of Sherlock’s body letting him in. Sherlock squeezed his fingers so tightly they hurt as John continued to snap his hips, and suddenly Sherlock was writhing and shaking and pushing back down onto him. His body began to spill all over John’s chest, and he watched in amazement as Sherlock trembled through his release, completely untouched, his seed spreading all over John’s body.
He was halfway to the entrance when the door opened, and in bustled a rather cantankerous Mr. Thomas.
Lestrade looked as if he were ready to collapse. John approached the officer and gathered Sherlock into his arms.
Molly felt the ring, the weight of it now heavy on her finger, and she was suddenly desperate to explain herself. She needed Sherlock to understand that Bill was a lovely man, a good man. He had a good family. He loved cats. He loved football. And most importantly, he loved her.
Felipe in turn groaned softly. In one swift movement, he lifted John into his lap. John slid his legs apart and straddled the Spaniard’s thick thighs, all the while still hanging on to the man’s neck, lips still pressing over and over, the passion intensifying with each kiss.
Both men chased their pleasure, taking from each other and giving back in a messy, expert rhythm of two familiar lovers. Felipe cried out first, in a thrust so deep and vigorous it lifted John's feet clear off the floor. John’s cheek smashed against the wall, his moan muffled by the flowery wallpaper as he grabbed Felipe's hand still around his prick and thrusted hard over and over until he was pulsing between both fists.
“If feels so good not to be moving!” he shouted as he stretched his long limbs. He took a generous swig out of his cup and set it on the table. “Watson, do reconsider my invitation to the reception this evening. I’d like to introduce you to a handful of colleagues.” He yawned. “Most are insufferable idiots but there are one or two I think you shall like.”
“Don't envy me for what?” said John warily. He’d had enough emotional upheaval to last him for the rest of his life.
William wiped the tears from his eyes with the back of his hand as he sat on the edge of the bed. He looked exhausted and embarrassed, and like he’d broken a magical spell that he was never to experience again.
“That is most kind of you, m’lord.” Sherlock secretly pinched the back of John’s biceps to get his attention. “We graciously accept your offer.”
He slid to the foot of the bed. He pushed Sherlock’s legs up and pinned them against his chest. His palms spread open his white, firm buttocks. He leaned down and softly kissed Sherlock’s opening.
"So rude," said the dark-haired man. “I’m going to teach you some manners.” He grabbed Sherlock roughly by the hair and forced him onto his knees, while the blonde pulled his arms behind him so tightly his shoulder came within a breath of dislocating.
Sherlock sighed at the pressure being released, and barely moved as John carefully snipped pass his rock hard cock.  Soon the pants were cut half-off. Sherlock breathed hard at the anticipation. Suddenly, with one more snip, his cock bounced free and proudly layed on his abdomen.  John’s mouth began to water.
“Congratulations,” he cood softly. “You have your chance to play with the big boys. Be in room 141 tomorrow, 8am sharp.”
She flashed a smile at the clients and made her way into the kitchen. While filling the kettle, she eyed the table and counters, noticing a thick layer of dust still covering the teapot and sugar bowl.
The spring was surprisingly clear and full of fish. Sherlock peered into the water, looking for clues. He found two sets of footprints along the rocky bank that led back up to the generator. Both mysteriously disappeared at the cave’s wall.
Sherlock followed the instruction, and as he leaned back his lower body aligned with the angle of John’s cock, and Sherlock easily sunk down all the way to the root.
The man sighed and mumbled to himself. “Debería haber sabido, un puto inglés. Voy a asesinarte, Jean Pierre.”**
Sherlock smiled shyly. He quickly took another bite of the sandwich, as if he was stalling for time so he wouldn’t have to speak.
“Mrs Turner is my employee,” he said carefully, glaring at Mr Thomas. “If she feels the need to spread details of my personal life to everyone within earshot, maybe I need to rethink her position at Baker Street.”
Felipe sighed unabashedly as a thumb briefly stroked his nipple. His head dipped forward as his mouth released John's wet, red lips.
“Here,” said John, digging into his bag then crawling next to him on the bed. He slipped two acetaminophen into his palm and made him grip a bottle of water with the other. “Take it.”
Felipe shook his head. “It’s too late,” he said. “All the diplomats and city officials fled to the sea as soon as they heard.” He sat down heavily in one of the chairs, burying his head in his hands. “I tried to shut them myself but the citizens refused.”
Felipe nodded, and John was relieved. He didn’t want to explain the overflowing pile of personal items on the small cot in the back room. John did everything he could to avoid going home now.
John pressed his hands tightly together behind his back. Oh, how he fought the desire to reach out and take a hold of him, to softly stroke the sharp angles of his cheekbones. He was convinced he could coax dark curls out of his sheared scalp with his fingertips.
Sherlock then watched in shock and pleasure as John leaned over his taught stomach and licked him clean, then leaned forward to shove his tongue deep into Sherlock's mouth. He could taste himself on his tongue. He reveled in the sensation.
Finally, the man called out to the group. The crowd began to dissipate, until there was no one left in the street.
His heart leapt into his throat as he forced his weak eyes to focus. The impeccably dressed, tall gentleman placed his hands behind his back and addressed Peter with a nobleman’s tongue.
"What if I poured us both a drink, I let you smoke - with the window open- and we look through the news for unsolved crimes."
A lot of people have asked me who Felipe resembles, and I imagine him as a young Javier Bardem, maybe not attractive in that super conventional sort of way, but undeniably sexy, charming and fit as hell.
“Mama is livid, uncle Felipe,” he said in impressive English. “You forgot to pick up the fish yesterday and her potaje de vigilia is on the verge of ruin!”
Sherlock awoke, looking up at a man he didn't recognise. He thought the bloke was desperately attractive, and the was sun positioned directly behind him producing a glowing halo around his head.
“You must get out of the house, m’lord,” he said between breaths. “Get him into fresh air, for his lungs.”
"John," whispered Sherlock. He pulled him close and kissed him gently to get his attention. He wiped away the tear with his thumb.
“Hold still,” murmured John, holding firmly onto the needle. He pinched through William’s reddened skin and his patient grunted in pain.
John had no idea the absurd sum of money he laid upon the table, but he and Sherlock left the restaurant like men fleeing for their life. They all but ran back to the inn, careful not to disturb the innkeeper, and slipped into their suite.
The next morning, the cool, autumn sun was just peaking above the horizon as Sherlock Holmes made his way across the busy, breath-taking campus of Cromwell Music Conservatory. Headphones covered his ears as his iPod blasted Tchaikovsky, his music an armor he often wore when heading into a battlefield of social interaction. He held his instrument closely to his side, protecting it from the hundreds of students walking by, all carrying cases of various sizes and shapes.
“You saw it, John,” he pleaded. “You saw how that tunnel led to his office, how he used it to extract the bodies into the other passageway…”
It was a wet cough, and all sorts of things came flying out. John was thrilled to watch him produce the ick that was clogging his lungs, though William seemed much more miserable for it.
“The piece you were playing this afternoon, the one with the violin solo,” said Sherlock. “I’ve never heard it before.”
The wind temporarily shook the shutters as the rain battered the house. Sherlock turned towards the fireplace, his chin taught, lips pressed together in anger.
Sherlock nodded and kissed him back tenderly. John helped him lie back down into the rickety old cot and covered him up.
John arched clear off the bed as he came hard, his fingernails piercing the back of Felipe's thick neck. He bucked and writhed until he was completely spent, one of his legs slipping off of the Spaniard’s shoulders.
“Mrs. Hudson has a sister that lives in Provence that she's always wanted to visit. And Edinburgh has an incredible facility that keeps a supply of fresh cadavers for scientific research.”
“I thought you had gone,” Sherlock slurred. He rose from his chair and walked with some difficulty over to his mirror and chest. He tried to remove his coat and failed.
He convinced John to come all the way to Cromwell by sending a car to pick him up. Mycroft had a car service on retainer to encourage Sherlock to visit their father while away at school: so far Sherlock had never used it. Using it to chauffeur John Watson across town so he could help him explore a secret passage was at least putting Mycroft's money to good use.
John quickly closed the book and placed it under his pillow. The soft sheets rustled around his thighs as he turned on his side, feeding the ember burning deep in his abdomen. He dared to place his hand on his body below and press firmly, the relief only brief as he helplessly curled his fingers around his hard length. His hips bucked a little as his legs fought the hot linens twisting around his ankles.
John padded back to his cot and tried to rest. He’d saved an Earl’s life, and for the first time in a long time he was proud of himself.  If he failed to become a real doctor, then maybe he could go back into service.
He shook violently as he orgasmed. Sherlock could feel the warmth inside of him, filling him up. His eyes fluttered closed and he found he couldn't help himself. He wiggled and pressed himself over and over into John’s abdomen, the pressure building until he finally succeeded in releasing himself, his seed spilling between them, his body writhing underneath the heaviness of a collapsed and recovering John. He dug his fingernails into John’s arms as he rode the waves of pleasure, feeling the wet spill off the sides of his belly.
“John, I-...” he began, then stopped to take a deep, breath. He gripped the armchair. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“A body did turn up. I arrived at the village and went immediately to identify the remains, just in case…” The Earl softly swallowed. “The irony in that it was not my brother was that I recognized the dead man immediately. His name was James Moriarty, a Baron. I served with him in Parliament.”
If he thought Felipe would actually come, he’d forward a sum for his travel. With the vines at a crucial point in the growing season, and the Spaniard’s disdain for the English countryside, there was little chance of convincing the man to leave Spain for England.  John said so in the letter, knowing his lover would see straight through the excuse. Both men knew he could come home at any time, yet if loyalties were being threatened, it was still too early to tell.
Sherlock obeyed and made his way towards the exit, stopping only to wave goodbye to Friederich and Fritz, who were so drunk and lost on each other that Sherlock’s gesture barely registered. John followed behind, and they stepped outside into a torrential downpour. They ran back to the main road to flag a cab.
“Not really,” he said thoughtfully. “But, on the other hand, being able to pull rank might come in handy someday.”  He then reached forward, and oh-so gently brushed Sherlock’s long, delicate fingers with his own short, blunt ones.  “I can’t do what you do, you know.”
John stared at him, waiting for a glimmer of recognition in the older man’s eyes, yet nothing appeared.
He wandered then across the street to a small mercantile-like shop to buy some pencils and paper. He’d actually had the urge to write on the train, and the landscape had inspired him a bit to at least try to write about his adventure.
“So am I kipping with you for the next few weeks, or has some younger, better looking bloke taken my place?”
Raibert picked both men up by the scrap of their necks and drug them out into the pub, through the crowd, and into the street, much to the delight of the patrons, who gave him a round of applause as he returned inside. Raibert, of course, never one to ignore praise, bowed and waved, then remembered Sherlock was still in the bathroom.
Brook glared at John, then back at Sherlock. “You’re dog is barking. Is it feeding time?” he snarled.
He managed to glance up at Miss Turner, who was staring back at him rather concerned. He had the decency to look apologetic.
The two men from the bar forced him inside, one holding him against the stall wall as the other locked the door.
John kissed him again, and Sherlock found that most of his blood had flowed into his cock, an unfamiliar, almost painful ache throbbing in his trousers. He finally parted his lips, and John devoured him, trapping him between the flimsy wall and his solid chest. A moan escaped his throat, but it was muffled by John’s tongue as they wrapped their arms around each other at the same time.
It wasn’t the first time Sherlock had been to university, but one didn’t remain unknown on a campus as small as Cromwell. Sherlock had enjoyed a certain anonymity while at Cambridge. He was the youngest of all the science students and he excelled at his studies, so he spent most of his time running lab experiments or doing research in the library alone. He despised his roommate, so he always snuck into his dorm at odd hours in order to shower and change clothes, and often chose to sleep in remote places around campus instead of returning to his own bed.  He had been well on his way to becoming an esteemed chemist and researcher, lacking only a few credits to complete his terminal degree.
Yes, John owed it to William to take him to London. He’d settle him in, ask Mr. Thomas to check in on him from time to time. It was going to all work out fine.
John let out an involuntary noisy sigh. Sherlock cocked his head, his lips positioned like four and a half millimeters from John’s lips.
. John had done unspeakable things to that mouth over the years. He licked his lips and stared at it.
“I lie in bed and night after night,” he said, his eyes drifting over John as a beautiful, pink flush worked its way up his long, pale neck . “And I think of you -”
John idolised his late father, a vicar who passed away when he was six years old. His mother had been intelligent, educated and clever, but she was also frugal, pious and deeply conservative. He began to drown in guilt and shame. How could he act on such impulses when it would cause such disrespect to the memory of his parents?
John was naked, his thick length half-erect and bobbing as he settled under the sheet. His tanned chest rippled a bit with defined muscle. His scar had faded to the point it was no longer pink and swollen but white and smooth. His shoulder hadn't bothered him in over a month.
“Please, she's not some helpless old lady.” Sherlock seethed, his indignation glowering through narrowed eyes.”She must pay for her deceit .”
Mr Thomas turned bright red. He stammered and looked down at the bite of tart on his fork, then sat it down onto his plate with an indignant huff. “Well, Johnny, surely you’d agree, Mrs Turner needs her sleep. After all, she’s taking care of the flat, and of Mr. Holmes. And with respect to Dr Canales, who arrived unannounced after midnight, and the raucous that ensued? It’s not proper!” He had lowered his voice to the point the last six words were but a whisper, and he leaned in to John like he was spilling treasonous secrets that betrayed the queen herself.
Sherlock complied, and John hooked an arm underneath the long, graceful limb and pinned it to the bed. John lowered his mouth to the line where his hip met his pelvis,  and ghosted his lips along the crease.
Felipe’s eyes filled with gratitude as he extended a weak arm and an open palm. John took his hand in his and squeezed it reassuringly.
“Yes,” answered William politely. “Dr. Canales was just telling about his medical school in Tangier.”
Shelrock’s prolonged arousal had slicked his stomach. John dipped his fingers in the wet and slid his fingers into Sherlock’s cleft. He pressed gently inside him as he lowered his head, swiftly and confidently taking all of Sherlock into his mouth.
Travel was easy by railway back to France, and the short ferry ride to Plymouth found them back in the English countryside. The unusual evening in Berlin seemed less important the closer they got to Cornwall, until one would accidentally catch the other looking longingly at a hand, or a leg, or a neck, or a pair of lips.
“We’ll hold on to you. Three tugs, and we pull you up. If I think you’re in danger, we pull you up. Yes?”
“Ahad wants to be a surgeon,” said Felipe. “He’s your assistant. Operating room is in there,” he said, pointing to a tiny room in the back with a large curtain drawn to the side. The Spaniard continued barking orders at the students.
Suddenly, bolts of lightning flashed across the open sky. It illuminated the entire reservoir for a few fleeting moments, and John could plainly see the trail of blood ran all the way across the narrow bridge.
Early the next morning, John walked down to the village to personally post his letter to Felipe. He wanted the Spaniard to be aware of Sherlock’s...reemergence, as soon as possible.
His large, slender hands wrapped around her waist. The teapot slipped and shattered in the sink. Molly’s breath caught in her throat.
Sherlock rested his forehead against John's. They both stayed that way for a moment, breathing each other in, until John whispered:
“There are at least 240 different types of tobacco ash,” said Sherlock. “It’s amazing what one can learn from simple observation.”
“Oh, don’t pretend that was you,” answered Sherlock with a scowl. In a huff he glided inside his ancestral home. John Watson gingerly followed behind him, hat and medical bag in hand.
He finally looked up at Felipe, his eyes wide and burning. "I had to leave," he said. "I had to," he repeated, as if convincing himself.
John glanced over at Sherlock’s room. The door was shut, but he still signaled the inspector to join him in the second bedroom. Donovan followed him with a look of confused amusement. John closed the door behind them.
Sherlock, wedged between the two men, desperately searched for the bartender, but he was on the other side of the bar, tending to some rowdy uni boys.
Mr Thomas nodded, and broke into a wide grin. “I love her. I asked her to be my wife, and she said yes.” His face was suddenly serious as he grabbed John’s hand under the table. “But I promised her we’d tell you together, so when we do, act surprised, alright?”
“Lie next to me,” offered Sherlock. He propped up the pillow as John pushed back and relaxed against the headboard.
The Spaniard's long fingers held onto the smaller man’s trembling thighs, a hand sliding up every few moments to palm one of the mounds bracketing his face.
The host led them them to a table along the wall. Sherlock ordered a bottle of wine, and John sighed in relief at the pleasantness of his surroundings.
“Sherlock,” he said softly, shaking his head. He turned and walked quickly away. Sherlock followed after him.
“Because,” said John. “When you talked to Sherlock about my abilities as a surgeon, when you convinced him what I could do, it changed my life.” He gripped the table. “I worked in Edinburgh. I've been making my way as a royal physician for a decade. Things like that don't happen to people like me.”
"It won’t happen again,” John said loudly, making Mycroft raised an eyebrow. Then, looking right at Sherlock, a bit softer said,  “I’ll make sure of it.”
Sherlock stepped inside first, the thin beam of light from his torch the only thing keeping the darkness from completely enveloping him.
The sun was fighting to get through the drawn curtains in the bedroom as he dared to bring his face close to his new lover’s pelvis to breathe him in.
“I told you -!” Felipe lowered his voice as heads from the fields snapped their way. “Where did you get the money?”
Felipe stood unarmed in front of a mob of angry villagers. He desperately tried to calm them, but whatever he said only seemed to make them angrier. John crept up beside Ahad, who was watching all the commotion with fear in his eyes.
“Do you know where we're going?” he whispered. “I’d rather not follow them blindly into the bowels of Berlin.”
Sherlock struck him with a sharp elbow right in his jaw. John caught the long limb before it could strike him again, but Sherlock fought back, shoving at him, trying to get up from the bed.
It was the end of January when Sherlock announced to the Earl that he was leaving on holiday to convalesce somewhere “warm and polite.” Mycroft was relieved, stating that he had been constantly worried about Sherlock’s health and he was happy he was taking steps to improve his state of mind.
Sherlock opened his eyes just as John palmed his own swollen cock through his jeans. He unzipped his fly and unabashedly shoved his hand inside his pants, stroking his erection.
Sherlock slowly moved his hips back and forth, up and down, his arms reaching back, his hands gripping John’s thighs as they moved in a firm, gentle rhythm.  Sherlock moaned in pleasure as John thrusted faster, then harder, then deeper until Sherlock could feel the coarse hair of John's groin tickling his behind.
The next few weeks passed quickly. John worked on repairing what he found to be worrisome draft in the kitchen as William set up the house to his specifications. He bought a large table that he placed in the parlour to hold his microscope and slides. He began cataloguing insects and soil samples, and kept a honeybee diary as detailed as anything John had ever seen.
John tasted like sex. It made Sherlock almost dizzy with desire, remembering how John had come nearly on top of him earlier. He felt his own cock swell against his tight trousers.
Felipe explained, however, that production had moved mostly to several varieties of white grapes, used to produce a new wine known as “cava”.
At that moment a group of fresh cavalrymen rode by. John flagged one of them down and explained he had a wounded officer that needed immediate medical attention. The cavalryman helped John move the wounded man onto the horse and rode him back to camp.
He thought of Felipe under the tree. He thought of his hands and of his lips, and of the time he made love to him on the rooftop in Tangier.
John studied Sherlock for a moment then shook his head. “It’s not your fault. I’m shit at pulling a bloke,” he sighed.
“God you’re gorgeous,” John whispered hotly in his ear. His free hand disappeared into his crumpled jean pocket to retrieve a tube of chapstick. Sherlock heard it squirt, then felt it being smeared all over his cock by John's steady palm.
“William, can you hear me?!” he shouted, pulling off his jacket. Donovan had disappeared into the guard house to reemerge with a rope. John grabbed the end of it and tied it quickly around his waist.
Wiggins coughed a little. "Aye. These are quite stale. But, beggars can't be choosers I suppose." He turned to Sherlock with large, coherent eyes. "Carl Powers. Ring a bell?"
The two men stared at each other in silence for a good long time. Miss Turner took the opportunity to close the window, and silently retreated back down to the kitchen.
He leaned forward and softly, so softly pressed his lips against John’s. John groaned at the contact and deepened the kiss. He was trying very hard not to think of William as untouched - a virgin, at least in his mind, for godsakes- but every tiny noise that he pulled from the man’s throat went straight to his cock with the words
When he opened the door, Sherlock found a tall, skinny young man with stringy hair and a pencil thin mustache staring back at him, looking bored and maybe a little bit high. He wore an undershirt with cargo pants and sandals with socks.
William adamantly shook his head. “No. I want to go someplace new. Where no one knows me. Quiet. I want to keep bees.”
“That’s what Mrs. Hudson called us. Her Baker Street boys.” John unwisely took another gulp of his gin. “221B Baker Street.”
John chuckled. “It doesn’t have to be. My readers come back for the dashing detective in the story.”
John slept poorly despite being desperately worn out from travel. He pushed all thoughts of the Spaniard out of his mind, only to have them creep back in as he tried to relax.
The tender touch disarmed John in a way he did not expect. Mixed with the whiskey, it caused a chain reaction in the doctor’s mind, and every emotion from the past two months - remorse, happiness, fear, resentment - came bubbling up all at once.
“I'm excellent violinist,” said Sherlock matter-of-factly. “My instructors however don't seem to think I'd be a successful concertmaster."
Sherlock waited almost a fortnight before approaching the subject with John again, one night before dinner.
Felipe smiled as his gaze held John's. He licked with a flat tongue up his length, then back down again.
Sherlock lifted his chin to appear indifferent, but John saw that elegant jawline tremble, those perfect, cerulean eyes fill with uncertainty. The nobleman's long, dark lashes fluttered nervously as John felt his heart squeeze with compassion.
“Something to do with the money?” He wiped his glistening forehead with the back of his arm. “Ah, I know. You’re a secret prince and all the riches of England are yours!”
It took several knocks before William answered this time. As the door swung open, John was greeted by a set of red rimmed, puffy eyes and a rather red nose.
John gripped at the nape of the man's long, graceful neck as he wrapped a solid arm around his too-thin waist. He gasped as he felt Sherlock’s hard length brush against his stomach. He thought of how he wanted to touch it, how it would feel like his own, hot and smooth and firm.
John dragged the man into the shade and dripped the last of the water from his canteen into the man’s parched mouth. He not only realised the soldier was an officer by the decor on his uniform, but that he was bleeding profusely from a wound in his stomach. John bound his waist the best he could to stop the bleeding. He then reloaded his rifle, wiped off his knife and snuck back out to the battlefield.
“The key is -- relax, “ Brook cood. “Don’t worry about being perfect or what the other players think. You’re here for a reason. You believe that, don’t you? Say it.”
John watched the Spaniard help himself to the contents of the cupboards. It was obvious the man was intimately acquainted with the space. He pulled out a large corkscrew and worked the top of the bottle open with ease, then poured the striking crimson liquid into the two beat up tin cups on the table.
Sherlock trembled and shut his eyes, his cock twitching against his thigh. John dared to kiss him, tenderly, softly. Sherlock tried not to respond, but his mouth opened against his will, accepting John’s gentle tongue as he kissed and licked inside pink, parted lips.
The cab driver was not happy to be so far outside of London proper so late in the evening. John had to pay him triple and Donovan had to show him his badge before he’d agreed to take them all the way out to the Reservoir.
"No," said Sherlock. "I can’t." His slender palm cupped John's jaw, his thumb slowly stroking his stubbled cheek. "I can't."
Sherlock is silent as John turns and hoists the duffel back onto his shoulder. He hurries down the stairs. He doesn’t look back.
“I’ve thoroughly reviewed Dr. Watson’s record of the past cases he solved,” William said. “I am up to date on our history.”
“Your welcome. And hey -,” he called out to Sherlock, who had just turned to go in the door. “We have an informal group practice every Monday night, 4th floor lounge. You’re welcome to join us.” He nodded at Sherlock’s violin case. “I’m concert band, fourth year,” he said, winking. “First violin.”
“Bloody, drafted, bootlicking, blazing bull tits typhoid,” slurred John. “Fuck all.” He sighed and slumped heavily against the wall.
The cavern was surprisingly warm despite the freezing temperature outside. Sherlock placed the white allergy mask over his nose and mouth as he approached the archway to the second and unexplored corridor. He was taking precautions, because he wasn’t stopping until he found something to put Brook away, even if it took all night.
William grinned. “It’s Mr. Thomas’s  fault, running off with our housekeeper. It’s not decent, you know, from what I’m told.”
His mood was changed when he stepped through the doors of 221B Baker street and saw Sherlock with his experiments. Sherlock slammed his fist on the table.
The pub was growing more crowded each passing moment.  Sherlock had seen to Victor’s safety, and now sat at the corner of the bar, texting furiously on his phone.
Brook lowered the bow, and his lips brushed against Sherlock’s earlobe. “It’s quite sexy,” he hissed.
Molly fiddled with her gloves. “Uh, yes, I realized I left my mobile on the desk,” she sputtered. “I’m so sorry, but if it’s not too much trouble….”
“Of course I welcome your insight on such matters,” he said softly. “But I’d hope you would consider...moving. To the country. With me.”
In the weeks and months that followed, John’s wounds finally healed but his limp remained. He felt foolish for what he had done, but Sherlock never said another word about it. In fact, it seemed to have strengthened their friendship, if John dared call it that. Sherlock was an oasis full of life and adventure when everything else around him was dull and hopeless, and he was grateful. His lordship had a different way of approaching the world that John found refreshing and exciting.
“Please, call me Peter,” the innkeeper replied. His smile widened as he followed John’s gaze to the water. “What you are seeing is the river Aare. You’re suite has a lovely view.”
When Lestrade and Sherlock refused to answer, Mycroft spoke up. “Because he wanted someone to find them.”
"Yeah, I'm good," answered John. He smiled weakly at Sherlock. He looked as if the wrong word might break him.
It was finally autumn, and the days had become cooler and shorter. The family had packed up and left for London for a fortnight in celebration of a cousin’s wedding. Most of the staff had gone with them, but with Sherlock gone, John was left to watch the house and keep watch over the rest and their duties.
Siger threw the stick over the little black bulldog’s head. The dog turned and ran hard across the garden.
John poured a generous amount of the expensive whisky into the two tumblers and handed one to William.  It was an unusually cool night for the summer, and he'd had stoked the fire until it roared. They each sat across from each other in their prospective chairs and clinked glasses before swallowing the amber liquid down their tender throats.
“My brother has come back to us, Dr. Watson,” said Mycroft. “And I have no idea what to do about it.”
Most of the Spanish flew right over John’s head, but there were a few words he picked up on immediately.
“I was just wondering that myself,” said Felipe. “You mentioned Sherlock would often disappear while working on a case. Maybe William is distracted and forgot.”
Sherlock nodded and smiled, willingly following John's lead. He took Sherlock into his arms and pushed him down onto the bed.
John knew he would have died if it hadn’t been for Mr. Thomas, but Felipe had taught him how to live again. Spain and the vineyard had been an oasis in a desert of hopelessness. At first, the relief of not mourning, to not feel like he was treading water and drowning was euphoric. As that wore off, the beauty of landscape kept him refreshed. And when that waned, sex with Felipe had kept him enthralled. But then, much to his distress, the familiar walls of boredom had begun to close in a bit. He’d fought it. Sometimes daily. Tooth and nail. His impulses needed controlling. He’d have to be a madman to not want what he had with the Spaniard.
Sherlock had grown quite fond of Molly. His treatment of her had gentled over time; much more so after the Christmas 2012 debacle, where Sherlock found himself chastising Molly in front of her colleagues about her secret crush, only to find out he was the object of her affection. He was relieved to learn that in his absence she had in fact moved on with her life. Besides the ring on her finger, Molly seemed happier, healthier and more confident that he ever remembered her being.
The next morning the weather was calm, though the clouds were heavy with rain. John was up early, quickly packing what little he had in the same bag that had belonged to his mother.
The doctor finished off his second drink and poured himself a third. Finally, the edges were becoming a bit fuzzy as he sunk deeper into his chair.
Sherlock suddenly felt terribly cold and he shivered, holding his arms across his chest, warming his shoulders. He didn't have the energy for this. He couldn't face this now, not after what he'd done.
Sherlock pulled out the L&M’s, and Wiggins plucked one from the case. Sherlock lit it for him and then one for himself as they both laid back against the outside wall. Wiggins exhaled, smoke briefly covering the entirety of his narrow face.
“That pretentious arsehole is your brother?” John stopped and shook his head. “Ah, probably shouldn’t have said that.”
The director entered the room and stepped up onto the block and rapping his baton against his music stand.
Sherlock threw up an elegantly gloved hand. “It won’t come to that.” His eyes bore into John’s. “But I will need your help.”
But then, he unexepectedly smiled. “When I ran into your father again, I had just been tossed out of another job interview.”
John arrived around 10pm, just as Cromwell’s final class let out. They sat and watched the campus slowly empty as John sipped a soda and munched on some crisps and Sherlock chain-smoked his cigarettes. Sherlock discreetly watched the young medical student check the secured flap of his old rucksack a dozen times as they waited.
John, out of breath, emerged from the original passage. “Sherlock, what the hell…” He stopped and looked around, amazed no one was there. “Where’d he go?” he asked earnestly. His cheeks were bright red, his chest heaving.
It had been a fortnight since William’s breakfast declaration. Mycroft had reluctantly agreed to fund the trip to London on the promise John was not under any circumstances, to leave William alone
John continued, slower than before. Sherlock gripped him firmly for support and leverage as they walked, their footsteps echoing against the walls. It was eerily silent otherwise.
One of the maids caught sight of John and gasped. The rest turned and immediately stood up. The talking ceased.
"Yes. Professor Richard Brook." Sherlock said the name succinctly, pronouncing every syllable. A sly smile broke into the corner of the man’s tightly closed lips.
“Nah, I showed him,” responded Wiggins. “I’m a fourth year. Known about this for ages.” He gestured to the ledge and out to the browning, forgotten garden in front of him. “Coulda been mine, but, you know.” He looked guiltily at Sherlock.
John wasn’t sure if he could make it up the stairs, let alone to Provence, but he managed a small nod.
John grinned and flipped Sherlock over onto his back. He buried his tongue in his sweet, swollen mouth. Perspiration caused curls to stick to his forehead. John reached up and pushed the hair out of his beautiful crystal eyes.
“How long has this been going on?” asked John coolly. His anger was in check, but he wasn’t sure how long he could keep it that way.
“Komm, tanz mit mir,” he said, nodding towards Fritz and Friederich, who were still swaying in each other's arms.
“I’m going to call you ‘idiot’ if you don’t tell me what’s wrong,” snapped Sherlock, through there was no bite in his bark.
After an hour the roar of the falls became deafening. They clambered up one final ridge and found themselves looking straight at the falls. The path curved around large ancient rocks but stopped suddenly, making the only way back to the trail a retrace of one’s steps.
“Where is he?” demanded Sherlock. Brook gave him a shrug as if he didn’t know, but his eyes told a different story. “You’re on, squeaker.” He snapped his finger and pointed to the front of the line. Sherlock gave Brook a knowing look but then took his place in the front.
“I’m going to be less than 60 kilometers away, Sherlock,” says John. “It’s Sandhurst for Christ’s sake.”
The fourth floor group practice room was encased in glass on all sides from ceiling to floor. The warm light from the sunset reflected off the walls and blinded Sherlock as he walked into the Monday evening practice session.
“I get it,” said John. “My old man thought I’d grow taller if I played a contact sport. Thinking it’d produce more testosterone or something.”
Brook hovered over Sherlock, stopping and starting, insisting the tempo was compromised over and over again. He sauntered back up to the front of the room and placed his hand on a spare wooden chair.
John felt his cock stir at the memory, and he immediately grunted in frustration. He threw back the covers and got out of bed. The water from the basin was cold, and John bathed himself from the forehead to chest, soaking the front of his nightshirt.
Without thinking, Sherlock leaned in, his full mouth placing a firm kiss on John Watson's slightly-parted lips.
William smiled. “The old woman that saved my life kept bees. Taught me how to gather the honey from the hives. Bees are fascinating.”
“Fine!” he grumbled. “You’re way, always your way.” He pulled out the envelope they had found in the bank’s deposit box.
When they finally emerged through the hidden door and back out into the crisp, night air, John collapsed against the old monastery and took a generous swig from a canteen hidden in his rucksack. He offered it to Sherlock, who obliged.
“Precisely,” said Sherlock, taking the phone back, his eyes glistening at John. “He is always wearing his neon green headphones. Shy, introverted, in a world of noise and chaos, headphones allow control of at least one of his senses,” he said matter-of-faculty, picking his noodles back up and shoving a few strands into his mouth.
Sherlock and John track the baron all across Europe, and end up in a tiny village next to the Reichenbach Falls.
Sherlock didn't answer, but rose from the bed and padded the few steps to the kitchen. His erection jutted out from his body, dark and full. He was suddenly ashamed, and his shoulders slumped as he covered his aroused genitals with both hands.
“Nothing. Not anymore,” he said sternly. His eyes met Sherlock’s one last time, full of disappointment and sadness.
“Mycroft, my brother, my blood, I’m am in your debt, and will always consider myself to be. So please do not take what I say next as any sort of impiety or imprudence against you.”
He hadn’t regained consciousness, and his fever raged as his breathing alternated between barely registering to fast and desperate. His lips and nails were shockingly blue, his face and body as pale as death.
John pressed his lips against Sherlock's long, bruised neck. He breathed in his scent, the sweet smell of his skin, of soap mixed with sandalwood and sex.
“Don’t be surprised, Johnny,” he answered practically. “I never did forgive the old bitch for turning you out the way she did. I’m glad she’s dead.”
Sherlock watched John gravitate toward the old wooden table, a look of appreciation mixed with apprehension on his face.
John Watson is wounded and returns to England. He finds work at Lands End and meets The Earl's second born, Sherlock Holmes.
Miraculously, Sherlock hit his cue, and played perfectly. Brook still forced him to stop halfway through.
“Dr. Canales wished to express to me how valuable your skills as a surgeon and physician were to him during the outbreak,” said Sherlock. “He also mentioned that he had made you an offer to stay and teach at his school. He said you turned him down, that your loyalty was to me.”
Brook blinked. “I may have underestimated you, Sherlock.” He walked behind him and dug his fingers into Sherlock’s back. “You’re so tense. Here, let me help,” he purred. His fingers delicately plucked apart the buttons on his shirt.
He stopped and loomed over John, glaring at him. John stood his ground and glared right back at him.
“Unfortunately, no. I was hoping to speak with Holmes,” the man answered, looking past Felipe and Mr Thomas. “He’s not with you?”
John heard Felipe speak, then the voices began shouting again even louder than before. John snuck back into the room to retrieve his gun from under the cot, then made his way to the front entrance.
“Alright, that’s enough of that,” he said, smacking his baton against the music stand. He stomped his foot on the podium. “Back to the beginning, please.”
A young woman, very pregnant, writhed on the table in the tiny office space. She was covered in sweat, and by the glazed look in her eye, she had been this way for a very long time.
“I’ve known since I was young that my attraction to the fairer sex was dormant, if not missing altogether” he stated with calm acceptance. “I had tremendous affection for the hall boy when I was eight, and later, I couldn’t make eye contact with one of our footmen lest I retreated to the library for a book to place in my lap.”
There was a moment’s hesitation. There really was. But within seconds they had both stripped off each other’s clothing, and Sherlock had pulled John into the shower.
He backed up, the gun still pointed directly at the perpetrator’s head as it turned. John could finally see the monster was actually a man, but his height, odd shaped bald head and squinty eyes made him seem alien.
Felipe turned around, his kind, brown eyes full of pain and longing. John felt his own heart thump in his chest as he licked his lips.
Sherlock looked too, and saw a figure of a man behind the frosted glass of the classroom door. He seemed to be listening.
This was just a small example of John’s anxiety upon returning to London.  Though he easily slid into his new position at the hospital, he remained close to home at all times, often refusing to accompany Sherlock to dinners and parties. For the first six months or so, John lived within a 4 block radius of the flat, heading out only for a walk in the evening or to buy a paper in the morning.
Sherlock gracefully took the the hand of dowager marchioness hand and kissed it. “It’s an honor, my lady. If I may be so bold, m’lord, let me introduce my friend and colleague Dr. Watson.”
He looked up, appearing much older than his 27 years. He gazed at the ceiling as if seeking atonement.
But John didn’t seem angry, just worried and sad, which then made Sherlock even more distraught. Did he not know what had happened? Was Sherlock going to have to tell him, right here, right now what he had done?  He didn't know if his heart, or his stomach, could take it.
“The Holmes family is once again indebted to you. You saved our father’s life in the war, and now you’ve saved the heir of this estate, my son. I will be forever grateful.”
He whipped the brace into the pond with all his strength. It landed in the water with a satisfying splash.
From the trial below a young man, no more than 15 years of age, emerged from the rocky terrain. His face was red and sweaty, and he was quite out of breath. He looked as if he’d ran up the entire hill.
John had a bad day. He wasn’t too happy with himself. He’d been to surgery and mended some bad ankles and gave a lollipop to a little girl as she was a good little girl as he bandaged up her knee.  Sarah had said bye as he left. He thought about her for a good bit on the walk home. They had made awkwardly passionate love after she was captured by the Chinese mafia and almost killed by an arrow. He thought of her bush, about how it wasn’t how he liked it usually,. He liked his women clean shaven and Sarah was anything but. But it was okay I mean who was he to complain he thought.
Sherlock appeared above him, as if he just happened to walk by. He was dressed in his fine coat and top hat, with a white handkerchief folded neatly into his pocket.
Sherlock was eating cold chips when he heard Mary shouting for him from below. His blood ran cold as he stepped out onto the landing.
“Mr Thomas, can you please arrange for a cab?” he asked. “John, you need to gather your medical bag.”
“Better than most,” replied John, tucking it into his rucksack. He pulled Sherlock close, and in response long fingers rubbed through his jeans.
He squinted and tried to sit up, catching sight of the object before collapsing helplessly back to the ground.
“The benefactor, the dinner...it’s at Halidon Hall,” he said warily. “The Marquess of Berwick is the host.”
“Good. Because I loathe quitters,” he said sharply. “Those who don’t finish what they start. Such a waste of time. Of breath.”
John sprinted across the cavern and back into the narrow hallway from whence they came. Sherlock watched John disappear around the sharp corner, but instead of following him, Sherlock turned and ran back into the middle of the cavern, shining his torch directly at tunnel's opening.
Sherlock took the handkerchief from John's grasp. He rubbed the cloth between his fingers, as if studying it carefully.
Sherlock oddly felt as if he were sitting across from a lit bomb about to go off. Brook leaned in, the maestro's eyes briefly locking on the young man's lips. “Are you sure this is what you want?”
“Study your letters, John Watson,” he said. “Learning to read is just as important as shining boots.”
“Alright, everyone. Reichenbach, from the top,” said Brook, looking directly at Sherlock. “Sherlock -- just do your best.”
“Don’t leave me, goddamn you,” he pleaded. “You can’t leave me alone. Don’t do this to me. I can’t…” He stopped himself before any tears spilled, sucking in a long, hard breath.
Sherlock held volume 3 in his hands and stared at John. He seemed to be deciding on whether or not to say what was on his mind.
“You should have woken me,” scolded John, picking up Sherlock’s clothing that he’d managed to throw all over the room. “I didn’t realise you were back.”
“No, never," said John. “I have dreams sometimes. I do things... I want to be in control, but I've never... Sherlock, God, how can I fix this? Can I fix this?”
"I ask you why you stopped playing," he said "And your version of an answer was to turn into a wind-up monkey playing the fiddle." He groaned into his hands. "You're all the same."
John boldly headed out of the entryway that led to the bridge, and the wind hit him like a brick, for a moment knocking him off center. He caught his breath and righted himself, but it was so pitch black he couldn’t see a blasted thing, even with his lantern. He heard Felipe behind him.
“Oh, God,” sighed John, his head falling back as Felipe firmly moved his hand over his growing erection. “Now I'm definitely not going.”.
. He’d found the novel tucked behind a set of medical journals on the top row of the bookshelf. He sipped his wine and opened it to the ear bent page...but he couldn’t keep his mind on the story.
John remembered little about his trip back down the trail. The beautiful mountains and greenery he’d adored just an hour ago went unnoticed as he jogged and jumped and hurried. He remembers passing a few other fellow hikers, and he almost ran straight into a tall gentlemen, whom he remembered thinking was rather overdressed for a such a walk.
“Stop!” Brook again commanded. “Now this one upsets me. We have an out-of tune player. Before I go any further, does that player want to do the right thing and reveal himself?
It became clear very quickly that Maria was a trained, capable nurse. Upon hearing the diagnosis, she prepped the room for surgery, helping John wash and gathering the sheets. Within 30 minutes, John was cutting into the young woman, whose name was Pilar, and pulling out her newborn daughter. John had Maria hold the baby as he unwrapped the umbilical cord from around her tiny neck. He then took hold of the infant and held her face down, tapping her little back and smacking her lightly on the behind.
He took off towards the manor, leaving Sherlock standing in the meadow with the empty flask and picnic basket.
John hadn't even thought as to where he would go, but Mr Frank's kindness made him immediately thankful.
At the opposite end of every hallway was the tiny single dorm, or the “Sliver” as everyone called it, usually reserved for seniors or resident advisors who craved additional privacy and personal bathroom.
Sherlock pressed his fingers into his stomach as the warm liquid pooled along his erection. He gathered himself in his hand and glided his fist along his organ, using John to slick himself. John watched him with wide eyes as Sherlock worked himself into a frenzy, his hips bucking as his palm stroked and twisted. He whimpered and spilled onto the same spot John had moments before, their seed mixing on his slender, white belly.
On Christmas day, the servants were allowed to have the evening off. Most of them headed down to the village for the service and caroling.
“What?” said Sherlock. “You’ve been nagging me since I returned from the war that I need to be more reputable. What better way than to have my own valet?”
Sherlock swept his long fingers along the trembling man’s ear, smoothing his hair and gripping the back of his neck oh so gently.
He leaned in and pressed his prick against Sherlock's, gathering them both in his hand. “Alright?” he murmured. He thrusted his hips and Sherlock let out a surprised “Oh!” as John rubbed his thick member in rhythm against his partners long, solid cock.
Once inside, he followed the pathway as it wound around deeper and deeper into the earth until he heard the roar of water directly ahead.
It was close to noon when the the bell sounded from downstairs. John heard Mrs Turner open the door.
“You know, some day you’ll grow to enjoy this,” said Brook causally. “I know it’s hard to believe, but there’s pleasure in pain. You just have to learn how to receive it.”
“I’m not sure,” replied John. “I asked Jean Pierre to warn him about the outbreak.” John kept shoveling food in his mouth, not looking up.
“Not in the slightest,” John answered immediately. He locked eyes with Sherlock. “Does that put you off?”
“I am actually,” John said, sipping his wine. “Thanks to you. Been in London for a better part of a decade now.”
In his fevered state, he kept searching for Sherlock. He could see him far away, behind the falls, suffering, bleeding and dying of thirst, but he couldn’t get to him.
“Of course m’lord,” said Mr. Roberts. The old butler nodded his head in respect. “And if I may say so, it’s good to have you home.”
John felt a surge of jealousy, though he knew it was ridiculous. He knew Sherlock had more experience when they first began their relationship. There had to have been someone, though he’d never really thought about who it was until now.
"I have no idea," John admitted, undoing his fly, his large prick bouncing out of his pants already half-hard. Sherlock grabbed John's arse roughly, dropped to his knees and followed his wavering, thick cock with his mouth. His ample lips parted as his red, slick tongue licked a line up the length of the long, thick shaft. He carefully took John into his mouth.
He reclined on the soft, narrow bed of his rented room, picking at a bowl of almonds and writing about his journey from Barcelona to the village. The weather had cooled quickly from an unexpected rainstorm. He got up and pulled down an extra blanket from the wooden shelf next to the wash basin.
The bubbles in the wine danced on his tongue. The liquid, bright and refreshing, made him sigh with pleasure at each sip. He laid down his notebook and slumped back into his chair, his legs stretched luxuriously out in front of him.
The room was silent but for the sounds of gentle sucking and pleasurable gasps. John’s fingers gently caressed his lover's behind as his mouth continued to work his front.
“That’s it,” he mumbled, running his fingers through the Spaniard's thick, dark hair. “Oh, God, Felipe, yes…”
Felipe and John gave each other wary, grave looks and followed Ahad to the hospital’s entrance. He turned and handed John the Browning before they walked out to the courtyard.
Including travel time, he’d been gone almost a month. His last couple of letters had been very difficult to write. John wanted no secrets between he and Felipe, but how does one word a letter when it involves reconnecting with an old lover who has come back from the dead? And then to explain you are moving said lover into your London flat and staying with him until he is well? John knew Felipe had the patience of Job, but the situation at hand would test even the most pious.
The Tangier School of Medicine was located in an old Spanish missionary, most recently used as a boarding school for the daughters of diplomats. It was located down the street from the Grand Mosque, a tall beautiful structure that was the pride and center of the city. Felipe’s seven students, all young males, consisted of four Franciscans, two Moroccan Muslims and one Spanish civilian. John was quickly introduced to one of the young Muslims, Ahad.
John leaned forward and again breathed deeply into the dip of his thigh. His nose gently rubbed along the fine hairs. He was helpless against his tongue darting out to taste the tip of the testicles nestled close to his lover’s body. The hairs were softer than he expected. He licked again. His pink, swollen lips then dared to kiss, and he kissed and licked and his calloused fingers gently stroked Sherlock’s soft length. He used his palm to push the long slender organ into his mouth. He swallowed.
Sherlock’s hand began to shake as he lifted the glass of brandy to his lips. He dared glance at John before taking a sip.
For days, Sherlock barely slept and took his meals in his room. John rarely had a moment to speak with him, and never alone. Mycroft was busy briefing him on Parliament when he was awake, and the rest of the time he wished to be alone, sitting in front of the fire in his bed chamber drinking bottle after bottle of brandy.
John shook his head. “I know how much that school meant to you. For what it’s worth, I’m truly sorry to hear it.”
John slept in the chair next to him for the next few days, refusing to leave his side. William’s coloring improved, but his breathing was still troublesome. He’d yet to stir.
"I'm so sorry, Sherlock," he said. "I shouldn't have done that. You've just went through a breakup and after what happened tonight..."
John's protective response released a sweet little shock through Sherlock's body. A small smile crept to his lips, despite the circumstances.
He wrapped himself in his jacket and ran into the room. In the corner was the bassinet, where a tiny Master William Siger Holmes was crying, his blanket aside and his little arms and legs kicking widely. John scooped him up and wrapped him in his blanket, tucking him under his arm and jacket. He ran back through the flames and found his way back to the door.
The man’s suit was very expensive, bespoke. He was freshly shaved and smelled divine. The rings on his fingers cost more than John’s entire lifetime salary.
“I’m going to kiss you all over,” he whispered in his ear, as his fingers threaded through slicked, dark hair.
“They tortured them, John,” he said through gritted teeth, his anger transparent even through his tears. “They enjoyed killing.”
John bowed slightly and left making his way back down the stairs. He stopped midway to catch himself as his emotions welled over.
John admitted that the old servant was a sight for sore eyes. It made him feel a little relieved that someone still cared enough to come searching for him, even after he’d made little effort to stay connected with the world.
John’s eyes flashed with the sudden permission, as he had no doubt been thinking of doing the same, but his lack of experience had caused him to hesitate.
She had known he was alive. For two whole years, she kept it to herself. Sherlock Holmes trusted her, and she would have died before breaking that trust.
It was later than usual in the servant's hall when everyone sat down to eat their supper. Everyone chewed in relative silence until Anderson opened his mouth.
“Stop. You. Barker,” he shouted. He pointed to a trumpeter’s horn. “That is not your boyfriend’s dick. Do not come early. Moving ahead. Bar 93.”
“Listen, Sherlock,” he said warmly, leading Sherlock slowly down the hallway. “I know what you saw in there is worrying you, but there’s a big difference. This is your first day.” he purred.  He turned, the two men now face to face, his hands rubbing up and down Sherlock’s narrow shoulders.
The room was lit only by moonlight streaming in from the high bare window. In the privacy of the bedroom, John arched his back and sighed as he spread his legs wide, fingers sliding between his thighs as he stroked himself.
Peter helped the doctor to his feet, and John leaned against the rock to steady himself. His jacket had frozen stiff against his chest. and as he walked, he could only detect heavy numbness in his feet.
John pulled Felipe to his feet. “Come on,” he said loosely. “We can sleep anywhere. We’re soldiers.”
Sherlock, disappointed with John’s gentle technique, dug his fingernails roughly into his strong, thick hips. John bucked in pain and consequently shoved his cock hard and deep down Sherlock's throat.
Sherlock dropped his robe onto the bed and began to dress. John reached over and gathered it up just as the leather strap from his brace caught on his knee. John felt his skin burst open, his leg suddenly in searing pain. His breath froze in his throat as he fought the impulse to groan. He forced himself to pick up his lordship’s vest.
“After we argued, I went to the flat. Raibert said you were at hospital, so I started home. But then I ran into Victor Trevor.”
He motioned to the table under a massive shade tree. Felipe muttered something in Spanish and begrudgingly took a seat.
John could feel the fever radiating from his pale body as he pulled off his shirt to reveal the typical typhoid rash on his abdomen. He undressed him and briefly massaged his wet, freezing feet between his hands. He whispered words of encouragement as he did so, assuring his ailing patient that he was now safe.
"Being expelled from one of the top universities in the world due to harboring an illegal substance does not allow for the liberties you are enjoying at the moment, dear brother."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Embellish at will, John. Irene loves a good tragedy. She eats it up like creamed cornucopias at Christmas.”
“Not really,” said Holmes. “I know the area. The Duke and Duchess of Alnwick are good friends of the family.” Holmes noticed the curiosity in John’s eyes, so he elaborated.  “I am the Earl of Cornwall and Viscount of Land’s End.”
“He’s a smart one, like his father and uncle.” John took a swig from his canteen. “Glad he got his mother’s looks, though.”
With one bullet left and no water, John followed the horse’s prints the several miles to the camp, and upon its sight collapsed to the ground.
“That’s what so unusual,” Sherlock remarked, suddenly serious. “You were an investment she summarily disposed of because of a contract? She knew you had nowhere to go. And to go the trouble of replacing you seems impractical for such a family that is known for its pragmatism.”
“What are you calling this one?” asked Sherlock, running his fingers through the back of his good doctor’s short, blonde hair.
John raised his cup and took a small sip. The delicious liquid coated his tongue and warmed his throat. He took another sip, closing his eyes to relish the taste.
Agnes smiled thoughtfully. “She thought the world of you two. She called you her “boys”. And that Sherlock. She spoke of him from the day he was born until the day he-”.
John didn’t say much until they returned to Baker Street later that afternoon. Sherlock had managed to secure a small fortune for the surgery. He was about to retire in front of the fire for a smoke when John caught his hand.
Postman’s Park in central London was full of people the next afternoon, all enjoying the warm October sun before autumn’s end. Sherlock and his brother, Mycroft, faced off on opposite ends of a large chessboard in the middle of the grass. The elder brother moved his black knight, a chess piece knee-high in size.
The room was quiet except for the sounds of Siger shouting at his dog outside on the grounds. John’s heart felt as if it might beat out of his chest.
The young man’s apartment was filled with trains and maps and tracks and books about trains and everywhere Molly looked, more trains. She began to feel a bit claustrophobic as she hovered behind Sherlock and his new cohort. They were fast forwarding through tunnel surveillance and seemed to find the disappearing man quite troubling.
For all of Sherlock’s abrasive and dominating behavior in public, at home, Sherlock’s tendency to submit brought them both incredible pleasure. Their private life inside the walls of their bedroom had taken years to perfect, an understanding and deep trust the two had built up over time. The good doctor would take the unflappable consulting detective, the demanding second son of the earl into their bed with care and tenderness, and then proceed to systematically strip him of any responsibility. John learned how to navigate this lovemaking play through trial and error, always with respect and care, and Sherlock’s reaction...well, John never doubted his lover’s devotion to the task. Taking Sherlock apart with his own hands, mouth and cock gave John a high that he had yet to find an equal.
"Aye," said Raibert. "Those blokes were bad news. Come on, let me buy you a drink. You've had a shitty day."
John shook his head, a bit embarrassed at being found out. “Naw, found it up there,” he said, pointing at the top shelf of the bookcase. “I think Stamford’s uncle had a thing for sensation novels. There’s more behind the journals.”
For six long months, he’d watched Sherlock deteriorate physically and emotionally. There were moments in his drunken stupor that he would become unbelievably cruel, his tongue pure acid, spewing threats and insults at John, who tried to ignore it all as he helped him into bed or the bath. Sherlock didn't remember, of course, or at least he never gave any indication that the outbursts were anything but ramblings of a man slowly losing his mind.
Felipe rose from his chair and placed the cork in the wine bottle, handing the remainder to John. John accepted it graciously.
Sherlock didn’t protest as he sat up and turned around so John could assess the damage. He didn’t say anything for quite a while.
,” groaned Sherlock. His fingers slid through soft, flaxen hair as John directed his slender sex inside his warm, soft lips.
He tore off his mask and settled in front of the waterfall, hands on his knees trying to catch his breath. He had the good sense to turn around and close the fabricated entryway, but the suction pulled the allergy mask from his grasp and it flew into the waterfall.
Inside the bustling pub, John sat with his ale and sipped it slowly. He wondered if he had any family in Luss to speak of, if anyone would remember his father or mother, or even remember him. It had been ten years after all. He was not the same little boy, and he knew no one would recognise him. He was beginning to think that returning to Luss was a terrible idea. He should have stayed and tried for work in one of the larger estates down south instead of wasting his money heading northwest. His money was already dwindling. He took another sip of his ale.
“So why didn’t you help him?” asked John. “You just sent him on his way? Left him to deal with this on his own?”
“Quite a brute, isn’t he,” said Brook, laughing. “I bet he can fuck like a champ though. I get it, Sherlock. Working class dogs are a fetish of mine too.” Brook licked his lips, his eyes giving John’s body a thorough look.
John pushed his trousers down and slicked himself. He teased his lover’s entrance with his prick. Felipe moaned and bucked, and John pressed a palm into the small of the man’s back as he pushed in, slowly and gently, penetrating the Spaniard for the first time.
During these moments, John could almost smell the mix of pipe tobacco and spices, wool and tea, the scent that was distinctly Sherlock. The memory would calm the ache long enough to get him to sleep, but it returned every morning when he was fully awake.
“What about it?” said Sherlock, his large hands now steadying John’s head. Sherlock searched his face for clues. “Something went wrong wiith the surgery.”
“How can you talk about this with such reserve?” he exclaimed. John sipped the brandy too quickly as it was gone in a matter of seconds. Sherlock offered him more which he readily accepted. “It’s punishable by the law. You could go to gaol, or worse.”
The servant must have been nearby, because he appeared within seconds. Sherlock requested the appropriate attire.
The Spaniard nodded and followed the doctor into the flat. He led him to his bedroom and sat the heavy bag down on the floor.
Sherlock leaned back, his fingers drawn to his lips in thought. John Watson had surprised him again, when so few did. “I’ve thought about it,” he admitted. “But even I didn’t know there were nancy pubs of ill-repute,” he said, half-jokingly.
The two men turned towards the shout. They could barely make out the Spaniard, who was swinging the lantern from atop the bridge.
“Mr Watson, I do not doubt your story. Our father did speak of a young man’s heroic act that saved his life during the war. I also do not doubt he offered you employment here on our estate,” he said. “But I must enquire about the state of your health. How are you to perform your duties as a footman if you cannot carry a tray?”
When John first mentioned the idea, William seemed amenable. The stories from the old Strand articles seemed to have piqued his interest in sleuthing. John knew he had to be bored out of his mind cooped up in the flat all day.
Sherlock turned and backtracked up to the fourth floor practice room. He knew he would come this time, it was just a matter of when.
Which was why Cromwell had become so important. It was where Sherlock could redeem himself, to jumpstart a career he could stand to pursue. Mycroft had blustered around for a good two weeks once Sherlock announced his wishes to enroll in the prestigious music school. His big brother even went as far to dissuade their father from using any influence to secure Sherlock’s very late registration papers.
Sherlock stopped dead in his tracks. "You're placating me," he said. "I expect more from you, John."
Mycroft's eyes dipped to the floor. “My father passed suddenly, not long ago. I am Mycroft Holmes, the heir.”
“We’d received reports that the bloody Boers had found a huge deposit of ore and were claiming it for themselves. Our government of course wanted the gold, but didn’t want to risk another skirmish. We placed Holmes just outside of Pretoria in one of the farming villages known to be hostile toward our presence in the area,” he said grimly. “Holmes managed to convince a local prominent family that he was a farmer whose land had been taken away by the British government. This family vouched for him around town and eventually gave him access to the mining operation.”
He stretched Sherlock just a little bit more, causing the young nobleman to pull off his length and groan into his abdomen. John gently picked him up and positioned him again onto his back. He expertly swallowed Sherlock’s poor, neglected length down to his testicles. Nails scratched at his biceps as Sherlock writhed underneath his body.
Once what seemed to be massive amounts of luggage was unloaded and safely inside, John threw off his coat and hat and sat heavily in his chair, a groan of relief escaping his lips.
John smiled at the simple command. Sherlock’s skin was rosy pink from the hot bath, his curls damp and frizzy against the pillow. His eyes sparkled at him in the dimly lit room. He looked angelic.
John had shook his head. Somes things definitely hadn’t changed, he thought. Other things, however, were completely different.
“Oh God, oh dios, John,” gasped Felipe, just a little too loudly. He writhed against him, the slide of his large cock gliding along his sensitive center.  “I want...oh!”  He groaned as he pressed just the tip of his penis inside the tight, throbbing hole.
It was only a fifteen minute walk into town, but by the time the two men arrived Willam was exhausted. He sat on the grocers stoop to catch his breath as John did the shopping. They took it easy on the way home, stopping every few moments so William could rest.
He began to run as thunder rumbled all around him, and large drops of rain began to fall, pitter patter on the bridge and splashing into the lake.
When John was twelve he was promoted to hall boy. He no longer went to school since his service was needed full-time in the household and he was being groomed as a footman. Upon his promotion he was moved to the male servant wing of the household where he shared not only a room but a bed with two other boys. He rarely got enough sleep as it was always toes in his face or elbows in his back or farts followed by giggles. Yet as the oldest he learned to keep the younger ones in line and they looked up to him for guidance. His mother shared a room with the other lady’s maid, Liza, and he saw her every day in the servant's hall where they all had breakfast together after the family had eaten and the marquess was off in the library writing his morning letters. John was happy and the staff was kind and though he hated the work (emptying chamber pots is never one’s true calling) he was thankful he still got to polish boots in the afternoon.
Warning: Shit gets kinda weird. for those of you grossed out by hetero sex (like me), just stick with it. there's (hopefully) enough satisfying johnlock interaction in the next chapter to make up for it.
“M’lord, my limp seems to come and go,” he explained. “I vow to work harder than two footmen. All I ask for is this opportunity promised to me by your late father, may he rest in peace.”
John gingerly retrieved the small piece of paper, his hand not quite steady as he read the handwritten note aloud:
A week later the regiment joined forces with General Roberts’s brigades outside of Kabul and the real fighting began. The Fusiliers attacked from the east along with the Earl of Cornwall’s Light Infantry commanded by the Earl himself, Major Holmes. Like Bill said, John was moved to the front line and saw first-hand the horrors of war. Men dying, dirt flying, smoke so thick he didn’t know which way to fire. For a whole day and night they pushed forward, the Afghans in retreat.
Sherlock dropped his violin onto his knee. He could feel Anderson rolling his eyes next to him, an impatient sigh escaping his large nose.
He found himself late in the afternoon standing in his flat with a bag of greasy warm chips and with Molly, who was insistent she left her phone on the desk, though he knew for a fact it was actually in her lower left coat pocket, and had been since she had arrived that morning. Sherlock wasn’t sure why he had allowed the rouse to continue.
John gasped as Felipe's hard cock slid along his sensitive behind. He twisted his hips as the Spaniard’s fingers pressed below his bollocks, sending steady shocks of pleasure through his own bursting prick.
William unexpectedly laughed at the same time a sob broke from his throat. Tears spilled down his cheeks. “It’s all up for negotiation,” he said.
Raibert handed him a towel, which he gratefully took, wiping his mouth and face and the back of his neck, trying to wash the memory of those two awful men away.
Lestrade appeared relieved the young man already knew. It seemed to help him continue with the story.
Sherlock let John open his shirt with eager fingers. He settled back against the cushions and spread his knees wide, letting John remove his clothing or push it aside as he continued to fumble and seek out new things to kiss and lick.
“I was just texting you,” said John warmly, standing up from the stool briefly, offering Sherlock the seat beside him. “Have any trouble finding the place?”
Concert band remained a living hell for Sherlock. He was singled out daily, though nothing was as violent or as intense as that first day. Brook would randomly call for Sherlock to play a solo, and though Sherlock would play it perfectly, would still pick him apart as if he made a mistake.
John did as he was told. Sherlock slid down to his abdomen and sucked him, keeping him very wet. He then straddled him, and spit into his hand and rubbed into his behind. He looked almost angelic in the moonlight, so regal, his pale skin glowing and glistening with sweat.
Once the courtyard was deserted, the two young men quietly wove through the overgrown bushes, John watching Sherlock’s back as the young man pushed the thick ivy vines aside, exposing the door. A subtle nod from John and Sherlock pulled the lever, the heavy door opening with a groan.
Once introductions had been made, Sherlock realized he was the only representative from Beginner band. No one, however, seemed to mind. The music they play was pre-selected, a blind read. Everyone was professional and kind, and Sherlock enjoyed the session in spite of himself.
“I’m Dr. Watson uh, Yo soy John Watson,” he said too loudly. He winced at his own voice. “I’m a colleague, a doctora, el medico.”
Sherlock pulled his knees to his chest and drank generously from the flask, deep in thought. Wiggins stood up, and lightly placed a concerned hand on his skinny shoulder.
Word arrived from Rosenlaui that no one matching Sherlock’s description had arrived in the village. John instinctively knew this would be the case, knowing Sherlock would have eventually returned to the inn if all was well.
“You’re really going to do this?” Sherlock hissed defiantly. “After everything we’ve been through -”
“Ah, I see,” he said, turning to John before he made his way down the stairs. “Reservation’s for 8. I may meet you there.”
He circled his hips, over and over and over, trying to bring himself off. Sherlock held onto his waist with both hands, helping him work the feeling, helping him chase his release. After several moments, he found the perfect rhythm, and with Sherlock holding him steady, he pumped his cock quickly and cried out as he came all over his hand and the bedsheets.
Sherlock knew he was there before he saw him, because the hairs suddenly stood up on the back of his neck.
John laughed a little as he handed Sherlock a pen. “Were you asking me all day when I wasn’t here? I had surgery today you know”.
“If I’d listened -” John grew choked on each word. He swallowed to keep his composure, but failed. “Bees. You wanted to keep bees, and I pushed you into something you didn’t want to do, because I thought…” He looked away for a moment to wipe the tears from his face. “The work meant everything to Sherlock. I thought if you had the work...but, that’s not it, either. I knew you hated it, yet I kept insisting, because I needed it. I needed you to be him because I needed to be me again. It was a selfish thing to do.”
John washed Sherlock’s hair and then bathed him gently, using his expensive soap scented with sandalwood. When he’d rinsed him, he gathered him in his arms and held him, the bath water still hot but now filmy with soap.
“Right behind you,” answered Sherlock, as they both quickly turned around to head back to the door. In his haste, however, Sherlock bumped the bookshelf, and several books clattered to the floor.
Tiny little gasps escaped Sherlock’s throat as John pressed up against him. The ailing man’s head hit hard against the wooden headboard.
Inside was nothing special. It was an open area with a bar and wooden tables. Drinks were being served, and music was being played quietly by a man on a violin in the corner of the room.
Sherlock observed. Blonde, tan, deep blue eyes, gentle and clever. Kind expression. Trained in first aid, but with an experienced bedside manner. Medical student?
John shook his head. “He wouldn’t talk about it. But he’s not the same. He couldn’t sleep, wouldn't eat, just drank all the time. The morphine and cocaine started maybe a few months ago.” John hesitated, but then asked the question he’d been dying to ask the officer since he appeared the day before. “Were you with him, down there?”
Sherlock fell into a deeper rhythm with the players. His body pulsed with the reeds, vibrated with the brass. He was truly leading the band. He was the concertmaster.
“Yes. But a little danger never hurt anyone. Especially when creating beautiful music,” purred Brook. He walked over to the case, punched in a code, and the glass slid open. He pulled out a slick, translucent baton. It glistened in the overhead lights.
And as John came back down to reality, his body completely and utterly satiated, he discovered with shocking clarity that he was not in love with Felipe Canales the man, but with the life the Spaniard led.
John felt the ember smoldering in his belly ignite, flames shooting into his thighs, up his chest and into his neck. He could feel himself turning scarlet. He took another swig of the wine.
Ahad swallowed. “They are accusing Felipe of hoarding supplies and water,” he said. “They demand he turn over the supplies or they will take them by force.”
Sherlock squeezed by John, his thighs brushing against the young doctor's backside. He sat on the bed with his back against the wall and tried to appear relaxed, though his heart was beating in his ears.
Lightening flashed so brightly across the sky it illuminated the street for a brief moment. Mrs Turner gasped and stepped back inside.
The wind whipped against the building, rattling the window panes. John caught sight of Mr Thomas in the window, the shadow distorting his image, making him look like some sort of…
The day had been unusual. As a pathologist working in St. Bart’s morgue, Molly’s days were usually filled with fascinating work, but it was, as she was discovering, a rather isolated existence.
He was shockingly thin and tan, the angles on his face severe. His hair had begun to unevenly grow back from being sheared. The gleam usually present in his translucent eyes had gone missing. He looked tired and downtrodden.
He thought the question odd, until he realized John was obviously strapped for cash. Worried he wouldn’t have enough money for them both, he wasn’t buying anything for himself. Even for Sherlock, the unspoken gesture was rather touching.
Mrs Turner poured them each two fingers of expensive whiskey and disappeared downstairs. John refused to sit, but just stared out the window, worried out of his mind.
Both doctors discussed possible serum treatment, but the practice was still experimental. Felipe insisted they give William time. He was still relatively young and healthy, and he’d seen men pull through in cases such as this one.
Sherlock glanced wearily at John, but continued.  “By your age and the wear on your textbook you’re a fourth year. You come here often, to study and to play with a local rugby team. You like to compete, you enjoy the violence of the sport, it’s a form of stress relief for you. Barts is a block and half south from here. That’s where you receive your medical training. No doubt your father was a military man, judging by the army rucksack in which you carry your books. You plan to follow in his footsteps and enlist after your studies in medicine, specifically in surgery, are complete.”
The innkeeper obliged, though grudgingly as John tied the rope around his waist. As the villagers arrived, he convinced them all to lower him down the side of the cliff. With a torch in hand, John shimmied down the rock.
Sherlock collapsed, his head buried in John’s neck as arms wrapped around him, holding him close, keeping him warm. The room was chilly, they realized rather quickly, so John lit the fireplace as Sherlock fetched robes from the bedroom. They lazily took turns holding each other, sipping scotch and not saying much, just resting and enjoying the feeling of being together again.
“I must taste you everywhere my lips will fit,” begged John. His mouth slowly made its way down to Sherlock’s neck then to his collarbone. The tip of his tongue gently played with the reddish hairs on his chest.
John looked away then, sentiment overwhelming him. When he could finally speak, he found Sherlock staring at him, his hands folded in front of him as if patiently awaiting his response.
When they reached the farm, Felipe stopped at the barn to check on an ailing horse. John held up the lamp so he could see.
John’s shoulders sagged. He nodded his head. “Yes, you did,” he said sadly. “But I can’t stay here. I can’t watch this.”
Sherlock’s ears felt hot in the cold wind. “Yes, cheers,” he answered shyly. He self-consciously looked up and down the street, deriving his bearings. “Any chance you’re hungry?”
John grew jealous, and subconsciously began writing in Sherlock’s less attractive qualities into his fictional Holmes detective.  The Strand’s Holmes was arrogant and cold, a man who valued logic, not emotion, above all else. He earned a reputation not to be trifled with, as his sharp tongue had won him as many friends as enemies.
John’s regiment, the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers, was stationed in India near the Afghan border when the fighting broke out. He, along with his comrades, was ready for action. They’d sat idle for too long.
His throat closed as he choked back tears. Frustration flashed across his face as he grew impatient with himself and his inability to control his emotions.
Molly cleared her throat. “I just wanted you to know that I’ll – I’ll be washing up the tea set before leaving. It’s only proper,” she said quickly, picking up the tray and walking hurriedly into the kitchen.
Sherlock lined himself up with John’s tight arsehole, spitting generously into his hand and rubbing it all over his cock. He didn’t wait for permission, but pushed down on John’s hips and thrusted up. John cried out the moment Sherlock breached him, his thighs trembling, his breath ragged, a look of sweet elation on his face. Sherlock held onto him and waited patiently, whispering soothing words and kissing him sweetly on the lips. John began to grind his hips, and Sherlock's head fell back hard against the stone as intense, exquisite heat squeezed his prick.
“John, don’t make me wait,” groaned Sherlock. John released his hips and stood up, just as Sherlock bent over and pushed his round bottom into John’s groin. “I trust you. Please, I need it. I need you.”
The two men never spoke of it after that day, but the good doctor did find a position with a dispensary in a poor part of London. He volunteered twice a week in six hour shifts, treating the poor, the criminal, the addicts and the orphans. Over time, he seemed to make his peace with London, his volunteer activities balancing his somewhat prestigious position as a royal surgeon at St. Barts hospital.
Sherlock slumped against the wall. His eyelids and face were swollen from crying. He looked incredibly fragile, and so, so exhausted.
Blindsided by his apathy, John Watson simply blinked, releasing the welled-up tears down his cheeks in streaks. He let go of Sherlock’s hands and wiped his face with the back of his shirtsleeve.
When Sherlock didn’t answer, John got up, took the box of noodles out of his hand and pulled him into his arms.
Victor smiled, his dimple striking a pose next to his ample lips. “Well, he’s tough. But if he believes in you, he’ll make you believe in yourself,” he said.
He heard Sherlock shift beside him, and suddenly, a warm cheek was against his own, a large, soft hand at the nape of his neck.
The young Sherlock completely deflates, throwing his bow down on the music stand and collapsing heavily into his chair.
Sherlock stared at John in disbelief while John blinked back at Sherlock with kind, satiated eyes. John was still a bit out of breath when he finally spoke:
After a particularly bloody surgery where he’d lost the patient, John shuffled wearily into the tiny sitting room off to the side of the main hall. He closed the door behind him and collapsed onto the cot.
John inwardly sighed, but he squinted and concentrated on the left side of the garden. He took another slip of delightful brandy as he surveyed the landscape...until suddenly, he felt his entire body turn cold.
Sherlock memorized every detail as he entered the fourth floor.  He pushed through the glass doors that guarded the music study and made his way through a large multi-purpose room complete with oak tables, chairs and glass shelves full of sheet music and books. Except for the occasional closing of a door or ruffling of papers, the fourth floor was eerily silent.
“The family,” he said. “They didn’t just attest to others. They trusted me, invited me into their home, fed me. I played with their children -”
“I realized I would be perfectly content to burn for you for the rest of my days if I could have you, just once,” he offered gently.
“Alright,” said John, pointing a finger sternly at Sherlock. “But you promised me you’d stay away from  that bloody Professor Brooks. Keep your word on that and I’ll not press you any further. Deal?”
“Hey, Sherl,” said Raibert in his thick, rumbling brogue. “Johnny’s at the hospital, won’t be back until morning.” He raised his eyebrow. “Want to come inside?”
Time passed and finally, a piece of mail arrived at the flat. The prose was brief: Sherlock was heading to Land’s End as Mrs. Hudson was seriously ill. He would write when he arrived, he said. John, though disappointed, knew it would do Sherlock good to return home, where the mild winters and sunshine would aid in his rehabilitation.
John watched intently and reached around Sherlock’s exposed thigh, his fingers gently wandering into the cleft of his arse.
Only the alumni and a few students were privy to the memory of the underground rooms, affectionately known as “the Cellar.” The rest of the world knew Cromwell Music Conservatory to be ornamental classrooms, grand hallways, scrubbed marble and tile, sparkling brass finishes and waxed hardwood floors. To the east, another grand structure, built in the 1920s, was home to the student dormitories. The dorms’ furnishings were on par with the luxury found in the main hall. Large and airy and housing two students per room, each space held two twin beds, two large wooden desks, and a narrow window seat just large enough to sit on. Separating the wings were spacious communal bathrooms nicer than most private clubs, with sinks encased in slabs of granite, toilets housed individually with locking wooden doors, and spacious showers divided by panes of frosted glass. One end of the hallway held the community room, a large area full of leather couches, oak tables, a large flat screen TV and a state of the art sound system.
As they approached the entryway to the flat, it opened. Mrs Turner escorted Detective Inspector Donovan through the door, and he almost collided with John.
John’s brows were knitted tightly and his eyes were closed, but he gasped as Sherlock’s lips moved over his shoulder. He opened his eyes and watched in amazement as Sherlock worked his lips down into his abdomen, licking the hairless patches with his tongue, kissing the scars, brushing his lips against the tough skin that had grown around the shrapnel cuts.
Felipe laughed heartily, reaching for John as he continued to tease him. John smiled, but his lover’s remarks had hit a bit too close to truth. Felipe gently rubbed his knuckles along the blond man’s jaw.
Sherlock cracked a smile for the first time in days. He sat gingerly on the edge of the couch, but John immediately pulled him down on top of him, kissing Sherlock sweetly and holding him close.
John motioned for William to sit. In a rare move of his former self, he refused, standing tall and folding his arms across his chest.
“I’m heading to the Yard. I just discovered evidence this morning that exonerates Mrs. Tupplebottom.”
John’s throat produced a tiny involuntary whimper. He shut his eyes tightly, preparing for the worse.
A chill gripped his spine as he became aware of a dark figure standing in the doorway. He hadn’t heard the door open...and he was positive he’d locked it behind him.
“Oh God,” whispered John, as Felipe held onto his waist. Strong hips up bucked up gently into his behind. John threaded his arms around Felipe’s neck and kissed him hard, his mouth half open as he gasped in time with the rhythmic thrusts.
“The life of a farmer, of a village doctor, can be tedious. Especially when you are used to a different way of life.”
John Watson remembers the first time he set foot in Halidon Hall. The servant's hall was large and airy and had multiple tables for the servants to sit at, and he remembers the housekeeper being friendly to his mother who had just accepted a position as a lady’s maid for the Marquess of Berwick’s eldest daughter, Lady Elsa.
Finally a dry day allowed John to open his windows and doors at the little apothecary. He aired out the room and dusted and swept up. Several villagers came by with routine problems. He took inventory of his supplies and was confused when he found a considerable amount of morphine and cocaine missing from his stockroom.
He opened the door to a room John had only been in a few times before. It was decorated with different shades of blue and gold trim. A large four post bed faced the east side, and large windows with expensive tapestries filled the adjacent wall.
“Ah, yes, course,” John answered, obviously uncomfortable. He oscillated between the two men, finally sitting awkwardly on the edge of the couch.
“He took the gun,” John growled. “That idiot took my gun.” He pulled at his hair and paced the floor in fury.
That evening was one of the most exciting of John’s life. The man was indeed murdered, evident by a small puncture wound in his side. Sherlock determined the murderer was a household servant or vendor, once they discovered a secret service door behind the bookshelf.
Sherlock sat on the ledge and chain-smoked until he couldn’t feel his fingers, and slipped back inside to the Sliver.
His eyes flew open as a large, cool hand swept aside the matted hair on his forehead. Felipe leaned over him and kissed his lips softly.
John groaned in response, his desire finally winning out over his lack of confidence. He let his lips graze Sherlock's long pale neck as his small, strong hands pushed Sherlock into the mattress. He nipped at his sharp collarbone, his rock solid length settling in the dip of Sherlock's narrow thigh. Sherlock reached between them and wrapped his long fingers around John's sex, feeling the warmth seep from the tip.
He looked like an animal tracking his prey. He eyed the third trombonist, a young man, a bit overweight, with the disposition of being picked on his whole life. Brook seemed to smell the weakness rolling off of him.
“Oh it will be, I’m sure,” replied John, opening the note. “The hospital’s benefactor is throwing a dinner on Friday evening.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” he replied. “Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes!” He let out a laugh that sounded mostly like relief, as the tears released and slid down his cheeks.
A tiny spark of understanding shimmered in Sherlock’s translucent eyes. His breathing slowed. “How?”
John licked his lips, his eyes burning with rage. “You don’t want to talk about it,” he repeated softly. “You’re injecting yourself with morphine and cocaine. You drink like a fish. You won’t eat. You barely sleep. And to top it off, you’re a thief.”
“Oh my God,” he heard John exclaim behind him. He turned to see John, his back up against the passageway, shining a light on an indentation in the wall.
Sherlock fought as hard as he could, but it was no use. The prick, hard and leaking, was forced down his throat, the taste of salt and the rancid smell of his testicles making him want to vomit.
"I did,” John said defensively. “But I think I was a little worried about with whether you liked it."
John's warm tongue then licked at his lips, shushing him, laying him back onto the bed. "Oh, John," whispered Sherlock.
His draft was complete. He needed to read through it one more time, then he could finally crawl into bed.
“I’ll leave you be,” says Mrs. Hudson. She squeezes John on the shoulder in a tender, motherly gesture and heads back downstairs.
Sherlock scrambled to sit up for better look, his upper body resting on his elbows, his neck straining to see the lovely things he was feeling. John looked up, his cheeks still still sunken in from sucking on the tip of Sherlock's prick. Their eyes met and locked in a passionate glance, and Sherlock wondered, just for moment, if he was going to come just from the sight of John Watson's mouth on his cock.
Friday's weather was clear and beautiful, much to John’s disappointment. He was secretly hoping for a spring snowstorm that would cancel the dinner, but it was not to be. The two men set out on the train and arrived at Halidon Hall by 5 o'clock. They entered through the main door, something John had never done out of uniform in all the years he’d lived there.
“You are a friendless junkie virgin who can't finish what he starts, so try, at least, to get this one, tiny, teensy little request right, for me. For the last fucking time, SAY IT LOUDER!”
A man, 6 foot 3 inches tall, stood stark naked in front of the television set. His back was to the two men, revealing two strong legs the size of tree trunks, a round, firm ass attached to a well-defined back that traveled up in a perfect "V", ending at two broad shoulders harboring a pair of long, muscled arms.
Sherlock gasped and grabbed onto John’s forearms. John kissed him there again, this time with the tip of his tongue. Sherlock shook with pleasure and threaded his arms under his knees, holding his legs up for John to better explore him.
John pulled him close and held him, his lips on his neck and his ear, whispering soft declarations of love between gentle kisses and caresses. They fell back onto the bed, where they both held each other and kissed and stroked hair and arms and cheeks. William looked as though he would break, a kind of elated exhaustion that John only knew too well. The moment seemed too precious, as if the spell would break if they took anything too far too soon.
John looked at him strangely. “All right…” He threw back the rest of his drink and stood up, following John to the far corner of the room.
It was mid morning before both men managed to pull themselves out of bed. They ordered room service and ate leisurely, finally dressing appropriately for their walk. John slipped his leather bag across his chest, filled with a set of clothes for the evening’s stay in Rosenlaui.
“Those are our handkerchiefs.” He picked one up and showed her the indigo monogram W.S.S.H. Underneath was the other stitched in dark blue the letters J.H.W. “She insisted on the hand stitched monogram. Said it was ‘indecent’ for a gentleman to have anything but in his pocket.”
The day has started off well, at least according to Sherlock. Asking Molly to be a part of his work for a day was a great gesture of trust and affection on his part, though he became keenly aware as the day progressed that Molly probably would have a preferred dinner and a nightcap.
William managed to latch onto the thing’s neck and hang from his back, but was flung off to the floor. John reached for his gun, but no sooner had he pulled it the strangler knocked it from his hand and it skittered across the waxed floor. Giant hands yanked William to the floor, and those long fingers wrapped easily around his delicate throat.
“Well, we never would have found them if it weren’t for you,” said Lestrade, patting him on the shoulder. “Keep this up, we might consider even payin’ ya.” Lestrade wandered back off to the investigation, just as a black car with heavily tinted windows pulled up. Without a word, Mycroft got in the car and it drove away.
It was easy at first, keeping the promise that the two men had made to each other back in Land’s End. Alternating visits back and forth between Edinburgh and Alnwick proved to be too exhausting for John, so Sherlock often stayed in the spacious flat the family now owned near the hospital (real estate was always a prudent investment, according to the Earl). Both men were careful, however: the housekeeper’s appearances were scheduled instead of live-in, and if Sherlock were to arrive and leave during daylight hours he always used the back door. If John’s schedule permitted, they’d eat a cold supper together in the tiny kitchen and then move to the sitting room to sit by the fire. Sherlock smoked a pipe, finding it helped to calm his nerves, and John read the newspaper before dozing off in his chair.
Plus needles. And a multitude of other painkillers. Enough to render anyone unconscious many times over.
Sherlock turned, raising an eyebrow. “I would certainly hope so, considering how long you were stationed over there.”
“Because you are still recovering and need a warm, safe room,” John said. “Anyway, you know your coughing would keep me up all night.”
“I was wondering, well, had wondered from time to time,” stumbled John. “How is the medical school coming along? You’re probably up to what, 20-30 students by now?”
Sherlock growled in frustration as he began to play again, just as a string on his bow broke. He threw the Reichenbach sheet music sheets angrily across the room, then glared at the metronome still clicking away.  He picked it up and slammed it against the stone wall, breaking it to pieces.
Sherlock smiled. “His name is James Moriarty, 3rd Baron Femroy.” He pulled out a slip of paper from his jacket. “Donovan and I have laid a trap for his capture.”
He crept silently to the back bedroom as not to wake the Spaniard, but was shocked to find the room empty.
“Where have you been?!” He said, wiping tears from his cheeks with the back of his sleeve. “The last we heard you’d went into the army never to be heard from again. How long has it been?”
He stumbled back to keep from falling, landing on his behind. He knew he could jump down into the passage, but he wasn’t sure he could scale it on his way back, so zipped open his bag and tied a rope around a large, buried rock and threw the rest of it down to the drop.
John felt like his heart was breaking in two. Felipe drew him close and kissed his forehead tenderly.
John’s eyes popped open at the statement. He looked over at Felipe, who was obviously a bit drunk, his warm brown eyes soft and twinkling.
“The Powers family is a legacy at Cromwell,” said Sherlock. “Very well connected, but currently facing financial ruin due to bad investments. Carl senior is the conductor for the Munich Symphony. His son Carl junior was accepted into Cromwell despite terrible scores and ability.”
John broke the kiss, violently pulling Sherlock's hips up with the crook of his forearm, forcing Sherlock's, round, plump arse further in the air. John braced himself on the shower wall with a splayed hand and began fucking Sherlock deeply, his hips moving in a slow, steady rhythm. Sherlock grunted, his hand scrambling to grip John's forearm holding him tight, his other hand keeping his forehead propped up to keep the water from running up his nose. John's thrusts became violent, the pocket door jiggling in rhythm with the their lovemaking.
It was then that Brook suddenly waved the baton, the players uncharacteristically slow to stop playing, since everything had sounded rather perfect.
Sherlock’s rage boiled over. He stood up, grabbed his music and violin case and left the room, slamming the door behind him.
“How's that wound? Itching to hell’s gate and back I'm sure,” he said, gently tipping Felipe’s chin back to inspect the dressing. “Looks good though, no sign of infection.”
,” Sherlock answered impatiently. “We’re going back to Halidon Hall, calling on the dowager marchioness, and berate and shame her for keeping this from you!”
Felipe pointed a finger at his chest. “Last Thursday. She was dying. Asfixia. You didn’t hesitate. Hands as steady as Job.” He held out a large, calloused hand to demonstrate. “Cleanest traqueotomía I have ever seen.” He leaned forward, his eyes twinkling. “In the war, in the infirmary, how many surgical procedures did you perform? As an assistant? By yourself?”
The summer passed quickly. John grew strong and tan from his work in the vineyards. As the harvest finally began, workers from all over the neighboring farms came together. John worked from morning until night in the warm September air alongside the men and boys from other vineyards. They rotated as the grapes ripened, and finally, they began work on the Canales vines.
John quickly stepped away from the door when Francesca stormed out, cursing at Felipe and throwing her apron on the ground in a huff.
A quick assessment of his body revealed he’d been shot in the stomach. The wound, untreated, was bleeding profusely into the mud.
Finally, he began to calm down. John could just make out that his eyes had opened, but his breath quickly became laboured again as he gripped John tightly with two icy hands.
John pushed Sherlock to the ground and made quick work of opening his coat and unbuttoning his posh shirt. Sherlock caught a glimpse of his own pale skin glowing in the moonlight as he let John methodically kiss every inch of his naked chest.
"-Show me your rudiments," Brooks snapped, cutting off the young musician mid-sentence. He clapped his hands slowly, moving about the room, back and forth, back and forth.
Mr Thomas shrugged his shoulders and shoved another huge piece of pie in his mouth. “That depends on you and Mr Holmes.”
John was silent for a long time. He seemed far away, deep in thought. He started to speak, changed his mind, then changed his mind again and said, “Raibert had me. When I was sixteen.”
“Ah, there you are,” replied Mycroft evenly. “Sherlock, I think you should get down to the courtyard. You’ve caused quite a spectacle.”
Everything horrible he'd ever felt about himself washed over him, as if he were drowning in the reservoir next to him. He was the invert son of a vicar, a man who could not hold his drink, who floundered in the face of piety and fed his ego with a profession beyond his reach. His scarred, weak body had failed him in his search for Sherlock, who had suffered alone while John frolicked in Spain with the same lover he'd abandoned him for in Tangier, the same man he'd been with while he let the love of his life battle addiction and the consequences of acts from horrible people, thoughtless acts that John had also suffered, consequences he knew all too well.
Their final day in Tangier finally came, and John woke up early to say his goodbyes to the students and Felipe. He found Ahad in the surgical unit scrubbing down the table. Most of the patients had been sent home, and the young Moroccan was finally looking rested again.
Sherlock didn’t eat or sleep that night. By the time he made it back to his bed it was already 2am. He was so worked up from the discovery in the Cellar that he spend most of the night doing research on the Internet. (He was also trying not to think of John Watson’s lips and arse, but he indulged himself every few hours or so. It was difficult to function with a perpetual hard-on).
John's days were filled with footman work. Once and awhile, a guest would arrive without a valet and he’d reassume his duties. He’d hoped that with Sherlock gone he could move past his desires. He even thought about making it with one of the village maidens during the spring festival. She was ready and experienced and he only had to say the word, but something in him kept him on his own. Maybe it was what Sherlock had said, about being alone protecting him. Maybe that was true. John had been alone for years. He had managed to survive after losing everything, and the thought of really connecting with someone, for even a moment, left him riddled with anxiety.
It would be a lie to say he had not been tempted to take Felipe's offer. John felt nothing but dread at the thought of returning home. He wasn’t sure how he was going to bear it. It was going to be the greatest challenge of his life, returning to service after tasting the life he’d always wanted.
“My Penelope died while giving birth to our baby girl,” he said, his voice strained with emotion. “My family tells me I dug their graves all by myself, but I can’t remember doing so.” He swallowed another sob. “I don’t remember much.”
Sherlock shook his head, but it made him grimace and he shut his eyes. He felt himself pulled easily to his feet.
It only took about 30 seconds to reach the bottom, which ended in a dirty passage that led further underneath the main hall. It was surprisingly warm, and smelled strongly of mildew and damp stones.
John seethed and turned back to the sitting room, where all the men stared at him in shock. Mrs Turner came running up the stairs and stopped in the doorway.
“I haven’t decided to join the military. Not yet at least,” he said, shifting uncomfortably. He looked down at his knees. “I have to decide by December if I want to be an officer.”
John listened in amusement as the two volleyed a few more insults back and forth. Mr. Roberts brought in the tea and poured Sherlock a cup. Sherlock dropped in three sugar cubes and leaned against the bar.
He made sure the curtains were drawn and the doors secured. He left water and a note on the bedside table, and set off on his own.
John charged for the gun as he heard William gasp for air. His legs kicked the ground for leverage as the monster leaned in and squeezed. John managed to have the gun in his hand and cocked in seconds and leaned onto the strangler’s back, the gun held firmly at the base of that thick, pasty neck.
"God, so beautiful," John whispered, letting his lips glide down Sherlock's chest, over his abdomen and into the trail of light, reddish hair that surrounded his already hardening penis. John breathed deeply, and then let his breath fall hot over Sherlock's groin. His hand carefully gripped the base of Sherlock's burgeoning prick.
Felipe was up and out of his chair before John could properly pay the check. They shook hands once again. Felipe gave him a half-hearted smile.
The dirty city air made it difficult to breathe. The cab rocked and weaved about along the uneven stones. John cursed under his breath as he became sick to his stomach. Sherlock seemed unfazed.
It was mid-morning, but William in his room with the door shut, most likely fast asleep. He’d been on a two day ransacking binge of all of Sherlock’s old microscope slides. William had memorized every one and catalogued it accordingly.
"Quite," answered Sherlock, teasing. "Tends to be my only source of stimulating conversation, until recently.”
John reached up to brush his knuckles against the Spaniard’s stubbled cheek. “Felipe,” he said softly. “Your offer is more than I deserve.”
“You’ll catch your death if we don’t get you back down the mountain and into some dry clothes soon,” Peter replied.
Just then, the marquess walked back into the library...with an older, slow moving dowager marchioness on his arm.
John laughed. The sound seemed foreign to him, because it was genuine. He’d ceased to mourn for several hours. He was almost heady with relief.
They both sat in silence for a long time. Sherlock, visibly upset to learn of his lover’s hardships, turned and scooped John into his long arms.
Brook turned to the band. “For the record, Garrett was not out of tune. You were, Wallace. But Garrett didn’t know it. And that’s worse.”
They were only a few blocks from his cousin’s flat when Sherlock smelled it: the fresh smell of baking bread, cinnamon and apples wafting from the large bakery just a few paces away. Sherlock stopped in his tracks, his heart falling to his feet as the memory echoed in his head:
“Garrett had been dragging mud for two years.” Brook looked him up and down appreciatively. “Besides, you’re no Elmer Fudd. This is a huge opportunity for you. You know that, right?”
The door slams shut with a loud BANG.  Sherlock drops the violin from his chin, out of breath, realizing there’s no more clapping, no more performance. Brooks is gone.
“You think so?” answered Sherlock, climbing down the ladder. “Ever since I got back from the war, it's my only solace.” He traced his hands over one of the smooth, black books. “I only had to serve four years. I was conscripted because of my background in language and science.”
“Sherlock,” said John, taking turns wiping down Sherlock and then himself. “Did you really do all this to find a missing pair of headphones?”
He made sure his last stop was Lord Sherlock’s room before turning in for the evening. He was actually surprised to find him still dressed. He was sprawled in front of the fire, obviously a bit drunk.
“Stamford’s uncle was an amateur apiarist,” John explained. “The neighbor takes care of them at the moment, but I’m told he’s amenable to you taking over. If you want to, that is.”
“It’s not about the money, it’s about this, isn’t it,” John said softly, swirling the burgundy liquid around the tin. “Losing this means losing a part of yourself.”
The door swings open once again, and Brook bounces inside, a wide smile on his face. He seems surprised to find Sherlock is still in the room.
“John,” said Sherlock patiently. “Let’s get you home. You’re dehydrated and exhausted. You need to sleep.”
It wasn’t five minutes before the hallway abruptly ended, a solid, brick wall built right into the walls.
He allowed himself to give into his desire, lazily stroking his body under the sheets, pulling, pressing, massaging between his thighs. He imagined bees and their honey dripping onto Sherlock’s pink, parted lips. John buried his head in his pillow to muffle a groan. He thrusted his hips, his swollen and slicked organ sliding easily through his thick, blunt fingers over and over again. His entire body trembled as the warmth spilt from the top of his fist, running down into his nightshirt and sheets. John continued gently stroking his body, his chest, his neck, riding the after waves of pleasure and basking in his release.
John looked over and saw a soldier, complete with his tall hat and sword, sitting next to him. His red uniform was tidy and his mustache was gloriously combed and styled.
John fought his drunkenness and then sleepiness well into the evening. He finally drank some strong coffee, which kept him awake through service but ultimately kept him from a good night's rest. He tossed and turned for hours, and finally gave up. He quietly dressed and snuck down to the servant's hall. He polished boots and some silver. He then remembered the hall clock on the second floor was off, and he’d forgotten to tell Roberts. He silently climbed the servant's steps and entered the long hallway, stopping in front of the old German clock. He began setting it against the pocket watch he'd snagged from the butler’s office.
“Harry just texted. She’ll be here any minute,” says John, dropping the duffel bag heavily onto the floor.
“You don’t know him, Peter,” John insisted. “He’s brilliant. If anyone could survive this, it’s Sherlock Holmes.”
"I didn’t mean it like that,” said John, scrambling for the right words. “I’ve just never had anyone do that like that before. It was rather intense."
Felipe had kissed John senseless under the old olive tree, but he'd pulled away before it had went any further. A cold bath had set him right; or so he thought. The wine was doing a number on his heart as well as his head, and he found himself aroused and wanting.
“You have an open invitation to my home in Marseilles.”  She squeezed his hand affectionately. “It’s quite beautiful. Quiet. A good place to gather one’s self.”
Sherlock had waited most of the day for Brook to come. He was in the same practice room as always, toward the end of the row and near the back door.
Victor shook his head. “I just know one phone call wasn’t like all the others. Brook was threatening someone. It was horrible. I kept hearing the man on the other line begging him, crying. But that’s all I remember.”
“Oh,” murmured John. “I’m not sure how - I guess I didn’t think about it. After we’ve been back in London, he’s been working, at the Yard...we haven’t talked much about the past.”
Sherlock responded by turning around and gripping John’s cock, rubbing it up and down the cleft of his arse.
Brook giggled. His eyes flicker down Sherlock’s body almost imperceptibly. The older man licked his lips, then bit his lower lip.  “For some people, it takes years to find their calling.”
It didn’t take long for the fire to be squelched. The maids came in and opened up the windows and began to remove the smoky linens and upholstery. John helped the others with the clean up. Mrs Hudson made them all an early breakfast and the entire staff sat down to eggs and beans and coffee at 4am.
Yes, that was her fantasy…at first. But she’d met Bill at the pub, and he was nice. He came from a good family. He liked cats and kung-fu and chinese checkers, and she wanted so much to love him. Bill even looked a bit like Sherlock; the curly hair, the long lithe frame, the trench coat. He was sweet, loyal, and ever so boring. Yes, Molly was determined to love him. She thought that if she tried hard enough, she could channel that love she felt for Sherlock into a new love for Bill. And yes, her life had become less lonely. Bill loved to curl up with his arms around her while watching crap telly and play with her hair and kiss her and tell her silly things about his day. The more time they spent together the more they talked of the future. They dreamed of buying a flat near Barts. They joked about having children but discussions had become more serious as of late. She loved his parents; her mother thought he hung the moon.  It was all quite…nice. So when Bill asked Molly Hooper to be his wife, who was she to say no?
Sherlock only side-glanced Anderson, but he knew from just a moment’s observation that he the man was not worth the time. Sherlock’s lack of response, on the other hand, only added fuel to Anderson’s fire.
Weeks passed, and even though Sherlock’s mood had improved significantly, his appetite had not. He continued to sit most days in front of the fireplace drinking copious amounts of brandy and claret.
John’s sudden enthusiasm caused him to lose his balance, but Sherlock saved him before he rolled off the bed. He held John closely after that, mesmerized as his partner forced the tight jeans further down his hips, his fist fighting against his pants as the head of his red, glistening prick peeked out of the top. John's hand eagerly moved under the fabric while Sherlock shyly reached out and touched him. The shorter man’s chest heaved, his head thrown back in pleasure. On impulse, Sherlock leaned up and placed his plump lips around the head of John’s cock, his tongue gently lapping up the wet drops that had formed along the tip.
John looked over at him, panting, and smiled. “Next time I’m fucking you. That’s all there is too it.”
John wanted to object to the formality, but didn’t. Instead, he held out his hand. Dimmock took it. The two men shared a steady, firm handshake.
“What?” asked John. He adamantly shook his head. “No, that’s not -...” He leaned towards the food. “I only meant sitting down.”
“The point is, as I’ve said over and over again, you have a gift, Holmes,” John said. “London needs you.”
William nodded. “I believe so. Sometimes I get this inkling that I know how to do something.” He plucked at the strings, and held it upright, listening to the sounds. “Do you mind? If it’s dreadful, I’ll know it and stop.”
But instead, he found no reaction to his words. He had called the Earl of Cornwall’s brother by his Christian name and no one had noticed. In fact, everyone seemed pleased he was there, taking an interest in his well-being.
Later that day, John was roused from his boots to witness the village doctor hurrying along the servant's hall. Mr Thomas was suddenly at John’s side, dragging him down the hall behind him.
John pulled Sherlock into his lap, long legs straddling his thighs, and kissed him. Sherlock melted into him, wrapping his arms tightly around his waist.
"You're right," admitted Sherlock softly. "I was trying to impress you." He squeezed John’s hand. “And I’ve only been in one relationship. If you can even call it that,” he admitted.
He thought of nothing but Sherlock’s return, of Sherlock’s lips, of the book of poems he read desperately over and over. He had taken to carrying it in his front breast pocket of his jacket. He knew it was dangerous to do so, but it made him feel better to carry it so close to his heart.
Victor entered right ahead of Professor Brook. He spotted Sherlock and gave him a quick wink as he handed him a music folder, then returned to take his place as first chair. Brook stepped up onto the podium, and took a moment to gaze around at the orchestra, seemingly taking roll call in his head. His eyes finally met Sherlock's. The coal black irises danced in the flourescent lighting.
John eyes flickered with confusion and anger. He licked his lips in protest. "You can't be alone with him again. Ever."
The mere hint of the thought made his throat tighten. He closed his eyes and swallowed, forcing the thought from his mind and pushing it deep down inside of him.
“What the -” whispered John, shining his torch inside the darkness, revealing the ancient spiraling staircase.
His thoughts kept drifting to the water sloshing in the next room. Long, pale legs bent to fit into the edges of the oblong container, soapy hands lathering up a pale, muscular chest, sweeping over two dusky pink nipples erect from the cold air...
Felipe pressed John up against the wall. The stone’s coolness shocked the back of his skin, his shirt thin and soaked with sweat, quite the opposite of the heat radiating from Felipe's broad chest.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, then thought better of it. He bit his lower lip, his chin flattening against his jaw.
It was impossible to tell how long he’d lain in bed. He floated in and out of consciousness, his throat burning and his mind roaring with nightmares.
John hadn’t realized he’d said it out loud. When he glanced up, he saw Felipe looking at him, an unreadable expression on his weathered, handsome face.
John dared to chuckle as Sherlock’s face broke out into a brilliant smile, both men sharing a moment of warmth in the otherwise drafty room.
Sherlock didn’t know what to do or how to do it. He finally pulled him away and shoved him hard up against the wall. He thought of a video he saw once, something Seb made him watch. He pinned John in place with his chest as he picked him up by his powerful thighs, forcing his short muscular legs to wrap around his narrow waist.
His eyes wandered over to an attractive, middle-aged man leaning against the bar. The man was gazing at Sherlock, and then approached him like a wolf ready to pounce on a lamb.
“Mycroft had been lying to me for months about London. I could tell you wanted to tell me the truth.”
John managed to shine the lantern on William’s face. He was shockingly pale and his eyes were shut. John hesitated before leaning forward to check for a pulse.
John had ever so slightly swept his tongue over those welcoming lips when William suddenly pulled away. The shock of his absence was so sudden John froze in place, unsure what he had done to make the perfect moment disappear. William had done an about-face, and was leaned over himself in a painful coughing fit that lasted almost a full, agonizing minute. John ran to the kitchen to fix him a glass of his honey concoction, and William drank it down as soon as he was able.
The orchestra played on, the intensity of the visceral piece growing exponentially as the tempo increased. Brook paced back and forth, eyeing the players like a hawk, his ears poised like a fox, every sinew of his compact body hyper-focused.
“Bull tits typhoid,” he said between breaths. He wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. “Oh John, muchas gracias.”
The workers were now passing by, all greeting Felipe and nodding at John as they made their way toward the large tables under the olive trees. Francesca was setting out huge bowls of rice and vegetables with rounded loaves of bread and tiny jars of olive oil. The men greeted her warmly as they took a seat and began passing the food.
John smeared his lover's pale hip with a wet, slick hand as he fucked him, this time as hard and fast as he dared. A low whine escaped his throat as he felt himself lose control.
Sherlock turned the corner and there, in front of him, was a beautiful, underground spring with a small waterfall tumbling down smooth, large stones. The waterfall was just big enough for him to step behind it. There, he found a shallow cave, and buried under a large, dirty tarp, a generator.
His hand hung out there for quite a while. The Spaniard reluctantly shook it, his hand engulfing John’s.
Sherlock left the room as John tucked the book inside his jacket.  He gathered his lordship’s clothes and made his way down to the servant's hall.
After a few moments the sounds from the orchestra again filled the hallway. Sherlock felt his heartbeat reset to the rhythm to the hypnotizing concerto. He leaned against the door for a long time listening to the piece of music.
When John awoke he was on a cot in the makeshift infirmary. He tried to swallow, but his tongue felt huge in his mouth. He shivered violently, knocking his blanket on the floor. John somehow got to his feet to retrieve it, but became so dizzy he fell to his knees. He bent over to vomit, but nothing came up. He heard someone shout for a doctor just as he blacked out.
“Your room should soon be a sauna by the time you're ready for sleep,” John said. “What have you got there?”
Sherlock’s deep baritone cut through the humid air like a sea breeze. John was suddenly terrified to look at him. Sherlock leaned forward and gently lifted his chin. “John, look at me.”
It felt like ages before he continued down the stairs, his steps echoing throughout the building. When John was finally convinced he was gone, he released Sherlock from his grip.
"Oh God, John, oh God," whined Sherlock, as he squirmed against the wall, adjusting his hips as John's cock pleasured him over and over.
When he opened his eyes, his line of vision was parallel with Felipe’s broad chest, rising and falling with his even breaths.
It took him a moment. He wiped his eyes again and wiped his nose, but he finally managed to turn and faced him.
Raibert picked him up and pinned him against the wall. Sherlock heard himself groan as he scrambled to grip the Scotsman’s huge powerful shoulders. A warm, slick tongue licked his neck, his nipples. Teeth gently scraped his pectorals. He wrapped his long legs around the giant's hips as his head fell back and hit the wall hard.
John struggled to soften his voice. “You’re killing yourself. Please…” His voice cracked a bit on his last word. He leaned forward and placed his hand on Sherlock’s thin knee. Sherlock looked back at him, his eyes like poisoned darts.
No one would be surprised to learn the two are brothers. Both young men oozed impeccable breeding, with straight as an arrow spines and reddish highlights in otherwise raven black hair. Sherlock's curls were wild in the wind, whereas Mycroft's slicked hair was tucked neatly under a pageboy cap.
